Steve wasn't about to blame Tony for being slow to rescue him. Recovering from decades of captivity must have taken a long time. Steve had been trapped in VR for one night, and that had already been a living hell; he couldn't begin to imagine what Tony had been through, even if all the scars on his frame told a part of the story. That he was still sane at all said a lot about how resilient his mind must be.
Tony's palm came to rest between Steve's shoulder blades, and either it was a little cooler, or Steve was getting used to his high temperature. "Are you going to stay the night?" Tony asked, his voice casual, but the look in his eyes vulnerable.
On any other day, Steve would've insisted that they tell him right away. Today, he physically lacked the energy to argue. He leaned the side of his head against the window next to him and stared at the view outside.
"In a way, I was." Maybe it's better to do this quickly and be done with it. Rip off the Band-Aid and all that. He starts unbuttoning his shirt.
Steve sighed in frustration. He already knew what that cognitive conflict was. He hadn't realized it could turn into a practical problem like this. Based on all his previous experience with VR, a mismatch between the subject's mind and the outside reality wasn't usually an insurmountable issue. Unfortunately, Tony's current frame was everything but normal; it was so old, had been through so much, and it was his original birth body to start with, without the flexibility of artificially created frames' nervous systems.
He couldn't tell Tony not to go, but he thought he should at least say something. "You didn't sound too happy about it," he noted.
"Coming to terms with it isn't easy," Steve continued, "and it takes time. I'm not sure if I've had enough of it myself. Sometimes I still feel as if I'm trapped in someone else's body, living someone else's life. I also don't know what my future will bring, in a year or five, but recently, I've started looking forward to it a whole lot more than I used to." He spoke the last sentence softly, looking deep into Tony's eyes, and when he fell quiet, a tender smile lingered on his lips.
"I know we can't just forget everything that's happened, but I really hope that we can still forgive each other, somehow. If we both want that, maybe we can start building something new. Learn to get along better, so that things never get this bad again. If we hadn't always kept each other at arm's length—I used to think we could've been great together. Complemented each other. Maybe we still could."
There was only one thing he knew for sure: everyone seemed to have an agenda that they wanted to further through him, whether it was Stane, Tony, or the resistance, and he was tired of being told what to do, even if it was for a good cause and came in the guise of a choice.
In the end, as incredible as the place was, deep down Steve was looking forward to going back, traversing the island all the way to the west coast, so he could hold the man he loved in his arms again.
He grabbed the bottle, took a big gulp, and leaned back on the couch. It'd take at least fifteen minutes to finish the matching. He'd need to be a lot more drunk than this to have the courage to check out the results.
They had been teammates. They hadn't been friends. Tony could really only blame himself for that, too. He'd been too afraid of whatever quirk of genetics had connected the two of them. Maybe if he hadn't been, things would've been different. Maybe Steve would've told him about Barnes before it was too late. Maybe he would've signed the Accords.
Rhodey raised his eyebrows, a smirk playing on his lips. "You know, Tones, for someone who thinks this is nonsense, you always seem awfully invested in it."
"There's no hurry," Steve said, loosening his hold to stroke Tony's back soothingly again. "The world can wait a little longer."
Bucky was annoyed at Stark. What had he been thinking, trying to make a run for it like that? He must've known he couldn't get very far here, alone, tied up and unarmed, against Bucky and the other five Resistance guerillas. He hadn't wanted to harm Stark. They needed to get him back in one piece; he'd be no use to anyone if he was badly injured, let alone dead, and as long as they were traveling on foot, they needed him fit enough to walk and not slow them down too much. Luckily, Bucky's skills as a sharpshooter had not disappointed him, and all they had to deal with was a graze on Stark's shoulder.
Howard had told Steve some scholars thought there were many more soulmate pairs out in the world than the lucky few who had found one another. There might even be someone for everyone, but if these people were randomly distributed across the world, most of them would never meet.
Steve rubbed at his temples. The intense focus on trying to figure out this puzzle wasn't helping with the headache; instead, it was growing worse again, a constant gnawing pressure behind his eyes.
"I know how that is," Steve said, brushing his thumb soothingly over Tony's skin. He could feel Tony's heart pounding beneath his palm, fast and anxious.
Bucky stared at the bottom of the bunk bed above him and listened to his roommates' snoring. He couldn't sleep, and he wasn't even sure he wanted to. He couldn't stop thinking about the day's events and about everything Stark had told him over the past month. The notion that everything he'd come to believe after he'd woken up in Crabb Castle might be a lie weighed heavily on his mind.
Steve couldn't even begin to guess where he was, and it was unnerving, but he wasn't going to give that away. "How long?" he asked instead.
“No, he’s not,” Tony agreed. He reached to place a hand behind Steve’s neck and pulled him into a kiss that was slightly more restrained than the ones he remembered.
The Mayor listened to him with a thoughtful expression, only interrupting briefly when she wanted more details. Once he was finished, she studied him a moment longer before speaking up. "James, if you have any doubts about your ability to handle your duties, you should tell me."
Like the rest of the city, Stark Tower looked exactly as it had before: ten floors taller than the surrounding buildings, with the giant SI logo on top.
"And maybe it was premature. I'm glad things worked out like they did, and you made it back and gave us this beautiful parting gift," Obie goes on.
Kamski doesn't make any calls as far as Tony can see, but he's barely had time to settle down in his chair when the door opens and Chloe—or at least
Bucky steeled his shoulders and pushed back the pity. "You'll have plenty of time to rest when I take you back to your cell," he announced, hoping it sounded convincingly stern. "Back to work, now."
Tony had tried his best to ignore his growing feelings towards Steve, because he knew those would complicate everything. He enjoyed working with Steve, and the last thing he wanted was to make things awkward. He certainly hadn't expected Steve to share those feelings. Meeting a man who shared Tony’s preferences happened once in a blue moon; for Steve to be one was inconceivable.
Steve couldn't imagine how Tony would feel about the situation. He'd always been affectionate towards his AIs and very open to all kinds of technological innovations, but at the same time, he'd spent his entire life in one body. Even if it'd been hanging by a thread towards the end, it must still be a strange and disturbing thought for him that it was gone.
He missed Steve so, so much; it was an ache deeper than any other, a hollowness within the heavy weight of his failing heart. As grateful as he was that Seren was with him, he would've given anything to have Steve here instead—but perhaps it was for the best that Steve didn't have to see this.
Maya crawled over to hide in Steve's earlier shelter behind the barrels. Steve figured she'd be as safe as she could be there, and charged at the thugs who'd been shooting at them.
"Good," Steve said. He placed his head against Tony's chest, settling into that position he liked best, where he felt the safest.
Suddenly, idle thoughts about relationships were the last thing in Steve's mind, and he felt embarrassed that he'd dedicated so much of his attention to them, when there were far more important things happening around him. He settled in the chair in front of Peggy's desk, his head held high, his back ramrod straight.
Steve took a deep breath and tried to do what Natasha said, but found it hard. It didn't help when they heard an overly cheerful voice come from behind them.
Just as Tony was polishing off the last bit of scotch in his glass, Happy had pulled up to the curb alongside the staff tent that had been set up on the edge of the property. Returning the glass to the minibar, Tony looked out the window and gauged the situation he was walking into. The press had already gathered and had turned their cameras onto the newly arrived limo, along with a few hundred onlookers. Shifting his gaze, Tony made eye contact with Happy through the rearview mirror.
"Tony." He stopped as soon as he caught sight of the stern expression on Pepper's face. "Don't. Go to bed."
"Yes." Tony leaned forward, putting his elbows on the table in front of him and his head in his hands.
"Listen," Steve said. "I'm sorry I ran out of the room. I just… I needed fresh air. I hope I didn't upset you."
"I know that can't be the truth," she said. "Yeah, you're COO of a cosmetics production facility, but you got put there for business reasons. You hold no science degrees. You had to have had help to pull this off. Who?"
The room fell silent. Tony and Hill kept their hard gazes on each other. Tony was seconds away from giving up the fight when someone spoke up; the woman who handed Tony her tablet before.
"I just need my S.H.I.E.L.D. ID," Clint said as he entered the bedroom. "We think we know when Tony left, and we want to use the surveillance footage to track his movements."
Steve's file contained just the general information about his origin and the effects the Super Soldier Serum had on him along with pictures of him pre and post-de-icing and old battle footage from World War II. Tony had already come clean to Pepper and Lara about who Steve truly was, so he wasn't worried about that. No, what worried him was the fact that Steve's file was included with the rest of the Avengers. He didn't know that Steve was supposed to be a part of the initiative. (Although, why S.H.I.E.L.D. wanted to thaw him and have full access to him was starting to make more sense.) Worse yet, the fact that Tony was being handed these files at all was a bad sign. Looking glancing at the time display on one of the screens, Tony saw that it was 8:05. Steve had yet to show up. Tony knew that something bad was going down, and now all he hoped was that S.H.I.E.L.D. didn't drag Steve into it (mostly for selfish reasons, but there were a few legitimate ones thrown in there, too.)
A sharp pang ran through Steve's heart. Grief was not as easy to push back as guilt. He used Tony's words to ground himself in the present.
"Anytime, my dear." He patted Steve's back as he said, "Now, you better get to eating before you have to reheat that again."
Even though she was clearly lucid and interacting with the environment, something in the tone of her voice sounded thousands of miles away, or – more appropriately – like it was left at the courthouse. Given that she had not shared what had happened with the protection order, it was pretty much spelled out that things had gone badly. Concerned, Bruce moved across the kitchen to sit down on the ground next to her.
Carol glared hard at the two women, assessing them both. Both looked like they'd be fairly strong, even without their powers. They were both muscular in build and their stances made it clear that they knew how to fight. Neither was going to go down easy and they had numbers on their side. That didn't mean Carol was going to give up without a fight.
Suddenly, he felt a sharp pain on his left bicep. He turned to find Lara pinching his arm. Frowning, he shook her off.
"I thought it was a pantry," he said as he went back to eating his eggs. Tony gave him an incredulous look, wondering how anyone could make that mistake, let alone Bruce. However, he just shook his head and decided not to question it. Instead, he turned back to Natasha.
"No, he couldn't have," Rhodes agreed to let out a sigh. "It still doesn't make it any easier to justify to yourself, especially when you now have all the information and hindsight."
"Sure, you weren't," Rhodey said. "Look, calm down and don't delete the video just yet. Who knows? You might end up regretting it."
"Oh, yeah," Bruce said. "I mean she's French. Sometimes she'll slip up and do or say something wrong because this isn't her culture or language, but she's always apologetic for it. She also takes responsibility for things that aren't her fault…"
"Stay at your brother's house," he said. "Do whatever you need to get done that you couldn't get to this weekend." What he was saying clicked with Lara.
"Let her in," Tony said as he hit the play button for the millionth time. He wasn't sure, but he could have sworn he saw the chair move slightly for a millisecond there.
The HUD flickered off. JARVIS' voice faded out. The armor lets go of the nuke. Tony started falling backward. Suddenly, he realized how alone he was. He wanted Steve. He wanted Rhodey and Pepper. He wanted his mom, the original Jarvis, Ana… He'd even give anything to have Banner, Barton, Thor, and Romanoff there. Just somebody. He wanted somebody to be there with him in his final moments of life. No one could be there with him, though, so his brain tried to give him the illusion of what he wanted in the form of an old Hungarian lullaby.
“He is dead and gone,” Natasha murmured, the wind grasping the words and whisking them away in a flurry of snowflakes as if to answer.
No, it wasn’t the possibility of being outpaced that made Tony so afraid. It was seeing his deigns in the hands of someone else and knowing the damage they could cause and how they could be used to hurt others. He’d vowed never to let that happen again after Afghanistan.
“I'd be disappointed if you didn't try.” the tom replied warmly. There was another moment of pause and then suddenly the man's voice had changed, all traces of warmth replaced by unflinching certainty. "My secrets are quite safe, even from you Mr. Stark. This time around you will just have to learn patience."
But it was too late. What had happened while Tony was under the metaphorical knife seemed to leap out of his head, unfolding inside Tony’s brain clear and crisp as a Friday night picture.
“Some were nurses and maids, but most of them were kats that the Germans had kept. Just there because their masters were there or because the soldiers needed entertainment. They were sent out to shield the Germans while they shot at us.
Natasha usually tucked when she dressed up, but tonight there was no mistaking her for anything but a fel woman. Her sleek red tail hung freely behind her and she was wearing her nails long and sharp, their pointed tips painted a vibrant red to match her hair and stand out against the black of her dress.
“You mean leaving Harley with my mother.” Jena stated evenly, Tony would give her this, she had grit but that just made him angrier truth be told. Because where was that grit when it had mattered?
Steve tensed as someone in the room growled low, and the sound picked up, the discontent spreading like a wildfire.
"I've known your mama since we were barely knee high. And just look at you boychick. Oh Maria he's just a little cherub." She pinches his cheek which hurts but then she kisses the spot a moment later and Tony decides he likes it and the smell of her perfume.
Grimacing Bruce took another deep breath, licked his lips. He kept his eyes on the counter because he didn't think he'd be able to get the words out if actually looked at Steve.
“You’re a person Steve.” Tony snapped his fingers excitedly as the metaphorical lightbulb went on. “A tom-person. I like it.”
Next up, the team faces a new threat and Fury has an announcement. Well two, but Tony is formally requesting that the first be taken off the table and that the record should show, Nick Fury is a douche bag.
"It's you Tony.” Bruce replied softly, laying a hand over Tony’s where it was twisted in the blanket. “Or rather the Queen brain.  I've had a chance to get further through the files T’Challa gave us.  It's amazing what your brain is capable of. Your psychic ability is off the charts.”
He’d never thought to have a real friend again, or anything close to a partner, but there it was. He cared and Tony seemed intent on all but elbowing his way past Bruce's defenses, so when he cooked (and the probability of Bruce making a meal seemed to increase the longer Tony spent locked up in his lab) he did it on the common floor with getting Tony to eat in mind. By the time the others had moved in and established something of a normal routine it had just seemed to stick.
The doors swish open and Tony (not the one here, but the one older, the one who hasn’t happened yet) and Steve walk in, and Jamie leaps up to run toward Steve, throwing his arms around the captain’s waist as he collides with him.
Natasha's voice hissed through his scattered panicked thoughts and Tony laughed out loud, smoke and rubble and windows and terrified faces rushing by him.
It was their intimacy. Their mutual agreement to accept the worst in each other for the temporal institution of closeness.
"Your knowledge of Alurian history leaves a lot to be desired Clint." Luke was shaking his head, a bite of disapproval in his tone. "The purpose of a pride is not to conquer as you westerners seem so eager to believe, but to build and protect what is built. But from my observation you and your teammates are barely a team, let alone the seed for a mighty civilization. You haven't even won the heart of your queen yet."
Steve was beginning to wonder if Tony truly trusted him and it was enough to put a scowl on his face as he ran. It was New York so he wasn’t completely alone even at this early hour, but the streets were mostly quiet allowing him plenty of time to brood.
There could be no doubt in Tony’s mind, nor any of his teammates because this close the tom’s scent was enough to make even the dullest nose twitch. He must have been wearing some sort of scent damper before, because now there was no mistaking the tom before them as anything but the most feral and viral of creatures.
Another voice. A flush of new strength and the bedroom disappears, replaced by a wild forest and the sound of pounding hooves. He’s riding on the back of the volstagg Loki has gifted him, his hair whipping wilding behind him as the wind pushes at his face and he hollers into it with exhilaration.
“I don’t suggest doing either of those things,” Bruce mumbled as he took another sip of his drink. “At least not on the first date. But the sentiment sounds right.”
But fuck it, Tony went to the galas and the board meetings and all the charity balls for only one reason; because he wasn't going to let them take away what he'd fought for on a technicality (you'd be amazed at how many times those words mentally unfit have come back to try and bite him in the ass) and he won’t allow any of them to forget that Howard may have opened the door but Tony was the one to blast through the glass ceiling (because why walk through a door when you can fly).
Steve had given him his soon to be patented concerned Liberty Hen look and reminded Tony that he wasn’t infallible and that Tony’s comfort and consent should always be the priority when it came to his heats. Rather proving Tony’s whole point, which he’d smirked at but Bruce was in a serious mood and didn’t seem to be feeling what a fine morning it was the same way Tony was. To be fair, he doubted his friend had been treated to an enthusiastic round of morning sex so Tony would give him that. Poor Bruce.
"JARVIS  and I are on the hunt to solve the mystery of our cat-costumed vigilante. JARVIS did most of the coding himself for the audio defragmentation device. It strips the sample down to pure notes and then we put those notes through our algorithm which mathematically matches them to the closest matching digital sample, within a margin of five percent difference. Which is what allows us to also catch family members who may help us narrow the search. So in theory if Catman or any of his direct kin have ever so much as used a cell phone, we're going to find them."
Steve grunted, smiling through the discomfort of thin sensitive skin stretching for the first time, to come back with, “Could do this all day.”
Steve was a man. A master. Bruce shouldn't pry. But, he reminded himself firmly, Steve was also a friend. A teammate. A potential pride mate and more importantly, they were equals. Whatever else his conditioning made him feel.
Steve held still, letting her soft scent tickle in his nose as her lips pressed even softer against his cheek. He hoped he wasn’t turning pink. She withdrew after a moment and stood, her warm fond little smile completely at odds with her words as she replied, “I’m not human Rogers. I’m Gata. Which is why the bitch is dead.”
Steve had been awake in the twenty-first century for about ten months and the voice in his head that yearned for Bucky so badly (so darkly) had not gone away. It had gotten so bad that Steve couldn't even eat without remembering how Bucky would never enjoy another meal because Steve had failed him, so that the food started to taste like ash in his mouth.
For the sake of his Pride he’d agreed it was time to move past that, so he could let it go and enjoy a nice night out in pleasant company but there was no getting around the truth. This was a romantic gesture. Full stop.
Ivan says that they are tools in a grand machine, and that their purpose is to follow their directive. There is no good to be done that isn’t for the motherland, and therefore they must empty themselves of everything else. He says this with no conviction. He is like a machine.
Obi is there to take Tony’s hand and lead him out of the workshop when Hughard snaps at him for messing up his work, and to explain that his papa doesn’t mean to be short... it’s just that he has a lot on his mind right now.
Tony’s eyes bugged out and he could feel his hair fluffing in alarm. He was joking right? But he was just standing there looking ridiculously serious about having his hands bit off, Jesus Christ.
He’d said, kissing Tony’s mother on the cheek and talking past him as if Tony couldn’t possibly understand what was being said. But he had. And he’d understood it just as well when Howard had looked right at him and said,
Those who Tony loved who’d demanded to be present for the proceedings were gathered in the waiting room, separated by a thick wall of glass with a view into the operation room.
"Wait a minute Stark! We are not done here! You walk out that door and I'll consider it your permanent resignation from the Initiative." Tony heard Fury's chair topple behind him but he didn't let it phase him, didn't show any weakness, only turning his head enough to blow the man a kiss.
“Hey.” Jamie laid his hand over hers, stilling the angry jabs she’d been making with the wrench and she bared her teeth at him but didn’t try and bite him. She could hear him out a few moments more, but if he continued to be this annoying she wasn’t going to make any promises.
That couldn't be true could it? Tony couldn't think he deserved to live less than they did, could he?
Okay so when Tony said going head to head with T’Challa and his ‘Dora Milaje’ was going to be fun, he may have underestimated how blasted quick they were. Clint and Natasha were fast and slippery, even for Gata but Tony’s arrival advantage allowed him to observe a lot of the battle and the truth of it was the Wakandians were fast. Arguably Steve was faster, the limits of his super-Gata enhancements still largely untested, but whatever slight edge he had in sheer stamina he lost when it came to training. They all forgot sometimes, because Steve was such a quick learner and so doggedly determined in everything he did, that he didn’t have much formal training.
“Jaime go back! We have to go back for them,” she pleaded instead with the young man in the pilot’s chair. He was the oldest of them all and the unofficial leader, but he’s white faced as he steers their vessel above the city of New York, and there’s something childlike about the way his eyes flick toward the console as that voice, identical to her papa’s and yet not enough, fills the flight deck.
“Really Tony? You’ve always been a bit of a diva but that’s a new one.” Stone rolled his eyes with a bit of a sneer. His scent was sour with frustration and pent up displeasure. Something about it struck Natasha as wrong, but she couldn’t figure out why it bothered her.
“They will not be eating the walls but the garnishing, and they are not all that hairy compared to other beasts. They are very slender, beautiful, creatures with pelts as white as snow and long red beards.” he corrected him once more, because really the comparison between the two just couldn’t be made, and Tony's expression was well worth it.
Steve remembered a time when kats hadn’t been allowed to sit at the table at all. He’d spent every last dime of the money he got from helping old Mr. Sanders around his house since his wife had died, on red and blue striped cushion and a matching dish set for Bucky. But it had felt too weird, watching the other boy eat on his knees so they’d just saved it for the rare occasions when his Ma had company or they ate outside the house.
"Currently we have not achieved one hundred percent accuracy." JARVIS' tone carried the computer equivalent of a sigh. "But given time we could improve it."
"Of course, Sir. And might I say congratulations." The A.I. answered fondly. "It will please you to know that I have good news as well."
Tony jerked as something knocked against his elbow and an amused feminine voice said, “I’ve been sent to tell you that Clint’s back from the island.”
His broad back hides their view of the flames and they feel inexplicably safe. They know there is no arms so dangerous as these ones, but that also makes them the safest. Their eyes droop with exhaustion.
One face in particular in that sea of brass jumped out to Tony and he clenched his fists, reaching for Bruce’s thoughts to make sure he wasn’t about to go big and green on them. He wasn’t that surprised to find Natasha already there. She’d probably already scoped the crowd and had all their exits mapped out by now.
For the obvious reason, Sound Of Music is a very music influenced body of work. FIOT and I created several playlists just for our writing and brain storming sessions. In keeping with that tradition I created one for this story. When naming this fic it was a battle between the two songs that resonated most with Tony's journey and what I was doing: Memory, from the Broadway musical Cats and Any Dream Will Do, from Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dream Coat. Obviously Memory won out but I am providing links to both as they are lovely and you might as well get the full emotional experience.
Peter’s uncle Ben had always said everybody had a responsibility to help others when they could. It was scary sometimes. Like when Uncle Ben and Aunt May had taken him to the Stark Expo for an early birthday present and those robots had attacked. He’d been so scared, and he couldn’t find his aunt and uncle anywhere in the chaos and suddenly he was alone, and that robot had been coming for him.
: Welcome back. For those of you just joining us at home, we’ve been talking to Dr. Simon Trask of Stand Up Humanity. Just joining us on the couch are Tony Stark and Captain Rogers, co leaders of the Avengers combat unit and-
“No, from the sounds of it he fucked off back to Wakanda to give his report. Even if he does come back with Prince T’Challa I think he knows better than to try and initiate contact with me. Can’t say I’m a huge fan of people who infiltrate my home and spy on me without my knowledge.”
Tony blinks in surprise, unsure what sort of answer Yinsen is looking for. He knows that when teachers as questions they’re looking for
"Worst case and honestly most likely scenario, is total system failure resulting in death before I ever leave the cradle." He admitted, steeling himself against the barrage of emotions at the edges of his mind, demanding focus and connection. Not yet, he thought with gritted teeth. The middle of a crisis was no time to go foraging irreversible bonds that none of them could take back. Well maybe except for one.
Steve considered his words for a moment and Tony could tell when it dawned on him, the full implications of his bond with Bucky.
“And what will you do for cover if one of these things decides to breath fire at you?” Natasha asked pointedly, and the archer shrugged as if the thought did not cause him much worry.
Tony now needed three times the daily nutrition recommended for an adult male of his species, heavy on those amino acids, or else his body was going to break itself down all the quicker (and they'd all seen what that looked like).
“But the son of a bitch is the best man I’ve ever flown with.” Rhodes finished with a firm squeeze of Sam’s shoulder. With a grin he released the slighter man with another small pat and turned with the clear intention to exit. “He’s also a big fan and wouldn’t shut up until I introduced you. Is my work here done?”
Wasn’t she the lucky one? Nyota thought bitterly but she shook the pitiful thoughts away when Jaime squeezed her hand encouragingly and she felt them all waiting for her.
she slid the thought into his mind, to conserve the energy that speaking would have wasted. Lifting her aching head to peer through the snow, searching for whatever it was that Tony had thought he'd seen.
“Ivan! Ivan what do we do?!” Someone close to him hisses, the edge of panic making his voice shrill. They’ve been separated from Wanda, forced back into a corner by an unknown threat in a strange silver battle suit, and Pietro never took it well when he couldn’t watch his sisters back.
"Mr. Stone and his companion insist on seeing you Sir. " JARVIS answered, switching to a better view so he could see the faces of both Ty and his female companion and Tony sucked in a breath slowly through his nose.
There is so much to see and hear and it's fascinating how different all the sailors and traders look and sound, and how they bumble through communicating with the merchants who come to inspect their shipments and replenish their shelves.
He has a name and a history that fits like a glove but feels no less bought for the perfect fit. He remembers things like his training, and all the other assets he’s been asked to train who have come and gone after him. Some into a slim folder of success stories, but most to their graves.
Maybe that was just it. Luke had simply told the truth and seemed very confident that Tony's own good sense would lead him to the same conclusion, all the while churning out pheromones that were probably somebody's ideal of security.
But some missions require more personal touch. Longer stints of wakefulness, and as such the soldier requires different directives.
Tony sucked in a harsh breath at the sudden pain but didn't make a sound, shock flooding him as the plunger emptied into his bloodstream and Maya, who had gone unnoticed in the commotion, fell to the floor, Natasha's knife buried so deeply in her chest it looked in danger of disappearing.
Green eyes glowing dangerously Natasha stalked silently toward the woman and without so much as speaking, pushed Maya's hands away to grasp the hilt and yank it free, effectively ending the woman's chances for survival.
“Don’t be a brat Tony.” She glared heatlessly at him. “You know that makes me feel like I need a shower.”
"They say we are here to right the wrongs of the past and to protect the future. They call it Pride and they say it's a chance at freedom, a chance to break away from a system that has all but destroyed us, and all we have to do is be willing to fight the battles we were already fighting; but here's the thing you gotta remember about a deal that seems too good to be true Cap. It is. Every time."
“I guarantee you however nasty your grandmother is she has nothing on the guys that I’m dealing with, so you’re going to stay here and keep out of trouble.” Tony responded, already headed for the back door.
Tony hadn't known they were as close to coming o some sort of agreement as Natasha implied but it made sense that the UN would want them included in the upcoming summit. With the kind of threats they now knew existed in the universe, the world had just got a lot smaller and a lot more inclusive.
Dressed and call ended, Tony finally made his way to the kitchen, his mind turning back to checking in on Natasha and breaking the news to the team that their afternoon plans were canceled in favor of team practice. Yay!
T’Challa and the thunder god shared an intense moment of stare before he nodded magnanimously and answered loudly, likely for the benefit of their tense audience, “Of course. Such caution speaks well of queensgaurd.”
Gone are the emperors flags hanging from doors and windows to be replaced by flowers and brightly colored flags whose symbols Tony suddenly needs to know. Even the sea has heeled to the rich smell of baked bread and savory delights that hang in the air. Everyone seems to have dark hair and eyes, and some of them have darker faces than he's ever seen before, and best of all there is an unrepentant air of levity to everything.
Well that... that was not where Tony had expected this day to end, he thought as something like a net full of butterflies was let loose in his stomach. Could they really do this? Should they do this?!
“That’s easy. Find the pictures of those fels he likes to keep in the penthouse his wife doesn’t know about and when his stock crashes, buy it up.”
He flinches, the weight of her disappointment in him falling on his shoulders and it’s too much. She’s his Queen, and through her it’s as if the whole Pride is suddenly looking down on him and shaking their heads; but more than that she is his mother, and he does not like to think he has disappointed her.
It is dark and quiet on the flight deck. Nyota sits alone in the pilot’s chair, the ARK’s eleven other occupants catching what rest they can since they’d successfully tunneled out of Earth designate 1204 after the Builders had detonated it. Whether or not the device had actually done as she’d hoped and brought them back through space and time to their home universe before the incursion destroyed it, had yet to be determined.
“Because bad things keep happening to people… and when you’re strong and you can fight back, and you don’t, then they start to feel like your fault.”
"I'm interested in knowing how Mr. Stone knows Tony's going into heat. That's not public knowledge."
“If I may? Wakanda is a warrior culture and I’m afraid my Dora Milaje are not used to such a quiet lifestyle. They would likely enjoy the chance to watch your practice.”
"He knew if he lost sight of his purpose he'd have to be recalibrated. Those were his rules of operation. Each time he let me... each time he let me distract him he knew. He knew what they would do."
Pepper, who sat beside him, nodded in agreement. Tony could tell she was tired by the way she held herself (too straight) because Pepper wasn't one to droop in public if she could help it. She looked immaculate as always but there were slight bags under her eyes that even the best makeup couldn't hide.
Panic slammed through Tony and his hands slapped to his chest in what would have been a comical fashion if he weren’t staring at the device that was supposed to keep him alive lying in a pool of his own blood like it had been cut right out of him.
“Captain Rogers has not yet returned Sir, however you will be pleased to know that Agents Barton and Romanov have.”
Then, she crawled onto the couch and entangled their bodies together, holding his thrashing arms and legs to prevent him from injuring himself and crooning into his neck.
So anyway the Greeks came across the Alurio which is what they called themselves, but because nobody actually calls anything by its given name anymore, nowadays people generally go with gata or if they were born after the Hello Kitty phase of the nineties Neko-Yokai, or if they're really non-progressive kats; and when you make up less than 5% of the population it’s not like you get much of a say on how these things go.
“That’s actually what I wanted to talk to you about Tony,” Pepper interjected pleasantly. Too pleasantly. Which meant she was about to say something Tony really wasn’t going to like, like he had to attend four days of board meetings in Tokyo or something.
Also Darren's comments about Google Maps on zoom is entirely relevant to my actual life while plotting this element of the story.
JARVIS stressed the word ‘promised’ – because he was an engineered spoil sport – and Tony couldn’t help the uncomfortable guilt he felt, or remembering holding T’Challa’s hand and breathing in his scent while he’d made said promise.
“Right. Tony’s bodily organs are healthier than they probably ever have been, but that doesn’t mean there isn’t reason to worry. Extremis isn’t stable and it wasn’t designed with pregnancy in mind.”
"Why bother asking? You don’t seem like the type that gets star struck," Steve pointed out when Tony had turned back to his conversation. Sam snickered.
He wasn’t. Not to say he didn’t have anxiety about it (because he did). He wasn’t completely against it because while he might not be able to trust himself, he’d always been able to trust the numbers and the data didn’t lie.
"It’s a shame you don't do the pageants any more. You should see the type of inbreeds they're letting in these days." he drawled with a conspirators smile. "Any real competition I had is gone."
"Don't get cute Stark. If you think I'm about to let you threaten the integrity of this operation, you better think again real hard. You are not the only Queen out there. As of this moment you're off the team, only to be reinstated once either myself or Coulson has cleared you for duty. That clear?"
He’d gone back and forth over it all weekend until he’d finally been desperate enough to throw in the towel and ask for help.
“Did you know about the volstags Tony? Thor says that on Asgard they’re like this big,” the boy raised a hand above his head to indicate their towering height.
They’re raiding Maria’s House, which means that if Tony didn’t know about the attack as soon as Phil did, he knew about it before and the press aren’t going to be far behind.
Natasha shouldn't be a lone wolf (for lack of a corresponding feline metaphor) and Bruce shouldn't be as isolated as much as he is, and Cap should definitely stop looking at Tony like he'd failed them all and Steve had expected so much better from him.
It felt so easy and natural, the way they worked together as Ironman and Captain America, the admiration and respect Tony allowed himself to be vulnerable enough to show in that context was humbling, because it meant that Tony believed in him. And when he really started to pick that apart in his head it all got jumbled around with the instincts he was still getting used to from the serum.
He almost slows, his thoughts confused for a moment before the fog shifts and his directives become clear again. The stranger doesn’t matter. Pietro doesn’t matter. Only the mission. He’s closing in on the Walsh girl and the kat trying to escape with her. Ivan raised his gun and fired, testing. The shot pings off of the silver suit the kat wears. They stumble out of surprise but keep going when the Walsh girl tugs them up.
“Don’t be sensible Kitten you know I hate that and you’re already on my short list.” Darren replied with a sniff and Tony just rolled his eyes. Hardy was still a little miffed at Tony for having the audacity to show up to the meeting looking years younger and not sharing his secret, even though Tony had assured him that he didn’t want any of what he was currently on.
A nurse caught up with him before he made it to Tony's room. She did not give him any compromising medical information – as she wanted to keep her job – but did disclose that Tony was still exhausted and out of it and asked him not to freak out if he threw up. She led him to the room and opened the door, only to be surprised by what she saw.
Since the last author's note was monstrous, I'll keep this one short and sweet. Be sure to review, comment, leave kudos, favorite, and follow.
"You still don't know that?" she asked as she walked over and plucked the clipboard from Tony's hands.
"Okay," Conroy said. "Seeing as you're using an actual airplane to get wherever you're going and not your fancy-smancy super suit, I'm going to assume that this 'something' has a name. You going to clue me in or do you want me to guess?"
They stayed on the call for a while. The kids told him about what they did at school and daycare, and Clint assured them all once again that he was feeling much better. By the time it came to say goodbye, Clint really did feel better. He was glad to see that his family was safe and healthy, and he knew it was the same for them. His mind was eased ten-fold.
"I can't, I'm in deep cover," Jessica explained. "If I take him to the hospital my cover is blown, and Hydra will kill me and anyone I'm with."
"Senior year of college," she said. "I made a very minor mistake on a term paper and got an A- as a result. You went and apologized to my professor for distracting me and got him to bump it up to an A."
"JARVIS told me," he explained. "He said you woke back up shortly after I left this morning and that you didn't go back to sleep again until around four. I figured it was probably best to let you catch up on that sleep." Steve sighed.
When Tony got out of the shower, Steve was fast asleep – a sight he was relieved to see. As touching as it was that Steve had stayed up the whole night because he was worried about him, Tony honestly didn't want him to sacrifice his wellbeing for him. Yes, he realized how hypocritical this was, but love by it's very nature was hypocritical. He was aloud to want things for Steve that contradicted how he treated himself. At least, in his mind. A little thing called "reality" might disagree with that.
The Congressman had a solid schedule. He left in the early hours of the morning without any breakfast, preferring to stop at a café in the city to eat. He'd be home sometime late into the night to review the work that was done in the gardens and dismiss the church members assigned to work in them before heading straight to bed. That left Jessica only a small window of opportunity to work with. She supposed she could suffocate him in his sleep, but there would be too much circumstantial evidence pointing to her. Luckily, Hydra had a better idea.
On an unofficial basis, the Avengers had been taking turns making breakfast and dinner for everyone. There was no official order, it just went by whoever was up first for breakfast or got hungry first for dinner. Since Tony had not slept well and Steve usually got up at the crack of dawn, both were dressed and ready long before everyone else was and thus it ended up falling to them to make breakfast. Unfortunately, the only thing Steve knew how to cook – at least breakfast-food wise, he could make some dinner meals – was eggs.
Bruce's only response was to point behind her. Turning around, she could see the S.H.I.E.L.D. Commander approaching them. Her skin was pale, and her cheeks were red from the cold, but it did nothing to detract look on her face. Lara and Bruce stood to greet her, but before either of them could get a word in, Hill got right down to business.
Despite the rather frisky start to his morning, Tony found the quality of his day severely deteriorating from there. It seemed that the world had decided that he had not suffered enough lately and decided to dump piles of paperwork onto his desk. He and Lara were struggling to sort through it all on their own. At one point, Lara questioned if it was in the budget for her to hire her own personal assistant – most of her reasoning being "two people can't do this themselves. Maybe three can" – but Tony shot down that idea fairly quickly. The last thing they needed to do was start to create a chain of people to try to manage each other. All that would end up doing is creating another company, and the one he already had took too much work. The two of them did not even notice when Pepper poked her head into the office.
"Eh…" Stark said as he thought. "Somewhere between six and ten hours? I can't tell. I've been staring at the ceiling and picking at my nails the whole time.
"Lucky the Pizza Dog," Cooper said. "That's a good name, right?" Laura looked up at the camera, smiling and shrugging.
"They aren't," Steve said. "They just want to ask you how to help you, so you don't get drunk and wander off again."
"Then why don't you just spit it out?" Special Agent Bergeron asked. "Don't you think that'd be much easier than continuing to sit here and lie to me?"
"It doesn't necessarily have to be him," Natasha said. "I was just using him as an example." Clint gave her a look like "yeah, sure" and Nat rolled her eyes. "I'm just saying it would probably be beneficial to talk to someone who knows how to deal with serious trauma."
They were about to move on to the next page when a door opened across the room. Through it stepped a professionally dressed woman in her mid-forties with graying brown hair and a smile that seemed earnestly warm. Tony knew then that time was up.
"Just, thank you," she said, giving him giving him what had to be a rare, beaming smile. "Thank you."
"Whittaker," the woman supplied. "Vivienne Whittaker. Please, call me Viv." There was a flirtatious undertone to the way she smiled.
This was where the compromising position came in. Right off the bat, Tony noticed that none of the doctors had disclosed to Barton that the powder was likely Ebola and H5N1. That unnerved him a certain extent, mostly because it meant he knew something about Barton's health that Barton didn't know himself. Technically, that wasn't Dr. Smith's fault. The make-up of the powder was a threat to Tony's health, too, so it wasn't like she revealed private information. There was no HIPPA violation there. It wasn't against the law to figure out something for yourself.
Tony's therapy appointment seems to be going well so far, but how is his support team handling the wait? Also, what happened to that explosion Carol caused?
Tony rolled his eyes. He offered Knežević the path of least resistance and if the man was fool enough not to take it, that wasn't his problem. Tony grabbed Knežević by the upper arm and hoisted him upwards. He was about to make some snarky, sarcastic remark when Knežević turned and twisted in his grip, placing the other hand on Tony's armor covered forearm.
His sense of hearing came back to him suddenly (or maybe he had it all along and it was just that silent.) He heard a door open and close and the tiny
"Yeah," she said. "I'm fine. I can go on." The officer still looked at her skeptically but nodded anyway.
That brought him to the next question. Was he afraid to love Tony? No, absolutely not. Was he afraid telling Tony that he loved him? Yes, most certainly. Although, yeah, technically what Tony needed to hear right now was that he was loved and supported, Steve still was not sure
"Two nights ago," he repeated. "When I told you that I told Pepper and Happy that I wanted to get help." Steve could only nod and give a weak "yeah," as a response. Tony gave a deeper frown. "Steve, you know I need to do something, right?"
"It couldn't be helped." Bruce turned his gaze to the envelope inside the box. "Is there anything else in there?"
"Then what the hell?" he said. "Why are you moving him to the Decibel's Wing and giving him some special new job? He's not responsible and can't be trusted!"
So, he had no idea what was going on anymore. For all he knew, Barton could be dead by now. He kept glancing down the hall he had come from, hoping that he would see Dr. Smith or at least a nurse that he recognized coming down the hall to give him an update, but he had no such luck. Eventually, he got impatient and got up. If he was going to be forced to sit around and wait for information that would probably never come, he might as well do it on a full stomach.
He could and he did trust Steve. It felt almost impossible not to. The way he said things with so much conviction always made people want to believe him, even if it was something impossible like a non-enhanced human being able to survive against an incurable biological weapon. (Seriously, a snowball had a better chance in Hell.) The way Steve said it just made Tony want to trust it and believe in it. The way Steve was looking at him also helped. One look into Steve's eyes could always make the corners of Tony's lips rise into a smile. It was an amazing feeling.
"He's out," Natasha shouted to the cops down the beach. "He's not going to get up! Cuff him but try to avoid actually touching his hands!" With that, two of the cops came running. Tony let out a sigh, glad that this was all finally over. He lifted the armor's faceplate and turned to Steve.
"Nope." Stark refilled her glass and again, they toasted before washing down the shots of rancid juice. It tasted worse than the first time if that was even possible. Despite that, Natasha schooled her features into something much less reactionary as she set her glass down.
Betty was particularly interested in the lipstick stain that sealed the back of the letter. Bruce had to agree it was strange but didn't see it as such a pressing piece of evidence. In his opinion, they should be focusing on determining how and if the viruses could have survived postal irradiation.
"Hey, hey." Steve's arms quickly encircled Tony in a warm comforting hug. For two seconds Tony let his guard down and allowed a few tears to slip out. "You're here now and everyone's safe. That's all that matters. Just try to focus on that, okay?"
"The broken arrow has been located and the 0-8-4 has been retrieved. This bird is en-route to NYC. ETA: Two hours. Requesting immediate medical assistance upon arrival. Over."
Under normal circumstances, I'd wish everyone a happy Inauguration Day, but given all the recent events I don't think that'd be a wise idea.
"It isn't an issue of trust," she explained. "It's just an issue of each of your own personal comfort levels. If there's something that if asked about would cause you emotional distress, we need to know about it so we can tell the reporters not to bring it up.
A person – or what formerly was a person – stood in front of her encased in what appeared to be yellow sapphire. The body was female, and she was declared deceased upon the EMT's arrival. They made this decision based upon the facts that she was completely unresponsive to their questions and because the entirety of her skin appeared to be covered in stone, including the inner linings of her air passageways. Another discovery that they had made was that in some of the less opaque places where the stone had formed, you could see straight through the skin to her blood vessels and muscles, meaning that the stone wasn't just
"Yesterday morning." Tony frowned. All he could remember were Carol, Jessica, and Fury at the safe house. Nothing came to mind with the name Salinas, but it was clear it concerned the others.
Pulling herself to sit up, Natasha could hear a commotion going on outside. Risking a glance out the window, she could see that most of the press had turned their attention away from them, far more interested in something happening on the street behind them. That could only mean one thing.
"You threw up?" Pepper glared at him, but it was mostly out of concern. "You didn't mention that before."
"You're absolutely sure that's him?" Tony asked. He looked at the agent closely as he responded, trying to discern any indication that Coulson was lying.
"Stark, do you hear me?" By the time Fury's voice came through his comms, Tony had just taken out one of the sky-whales and had ended up back down on the ground, trying to fend off several Chitauri soldiers at once. His breathing was ragged, and he wasn't sure how much longer he could keep this up for. However, what Fury said next allowed him to tap into his last bit of resolve. "You have a missile headed straight for the city."
The car that had taken their luggage had already arrived. Tony could see that Happy had gotten into an argument with the people tasked with carrying their bags. Tony did nothing to hide his snort of amusement at sight. Gently being guided and supported by Steve's hand on his shoulder, Tony followed the others into the elevators.
"Yes," Dr. Rawls confirmed. "However, your records show that you weren't anemic before and you have no history of anemia of any sort in your family. This leads me to believe you have acquired aplastic anemia. This can happen in a number of ways, notable exposure to certain toxins or nuclear radiation."
"But how did she get abilities like that?" Bruce questioned before looking over at Carol. "I mean, are you from another planet, like Thor?"
"Tony," she said in the gentlest voice she could. "You said before that you 'didn't know what you were.' What did you mean by that?" Tony looked away. Peggy started to rub her hand soothingly across his back. "I'm not going to get you into trouble, I swear on my life." After that, Tony couldn't stop it. It just came tumbling out of his mouth. The only thing he could do was squeeze his eyes shut.
Just before Christmas, they had gotten a call from Stark. They hadn't heard from him or any of the other Avengers since Coulson's funeral, so they immediately thought that it must be a world-ending catastrophe. Natasha was rushing Laura and the kids down to the Annex and Clint was sprinting to the safe to get their weapons before he had even picked up the phone. However, their alarm had been for naught. Stark was calling them to inform them that the Avengers had been invited to attend the State of the Union. Of course, both Clint and Nat had agreed to go, but if they had known what a circus this was going to be, they would have hesitated a bit more with their answer.
"Besides, you're not out of the woods yet," Freeman reminded them. "You still have the fundraising gala benefiting the New York Battle Relief Fund." It seemed like everyone in the car wanted to groan at the thought, but were too polite to do so, so they just let a tense silence fill the air. Well, almost silence.
"I…" she stammered out. "I'm sorry." She quickly turned and ran back inside the building. Not giving her a second glance, Tony turned and walked right out. He wasn't going to go back to the hotel, but he wasn't going to stay there, either.
"Did they even check to see if you sustained a burn?" he asked. "They put gauze on your face and that'll just make it worse. You're supposed to let a burn breathe."
"Is Auntie okay?" a voice Knežević hadn't heard use proper words before asking. He could feel his heart start to soar all over again.
"Yeah," Tony said. A few seconds of silence followed before he finally said, "thank you, Peggy." Peggy smiled warmly.
, or her trashy neighbors setting off fireworks at three in the morning to blame. Nope, this time she spent most of the night lying awake, waiting for sleep to come, but it never did. It was all on her and that would be fine if it wasn't for the facts that this was Friday morning, she had to work, she was going to D.C. the next day, and she would have no time to catch up on sleep over the weekend. To top it all off, she couldn't even get a coffee at Starbucks because all the artificial flavorings and sweeteners they dump in that stuff would throw her into a diabetic coma. How wonderful!
Recounting that step in her mind, Oswin realized that it might be a little too late for that, so she just decided to skip that one and go on to the next one.
"You've been vaccinated against anthrax," she pointed out. "Along with every other bio-weapon known to man. You're not going to die. You're going to be fine."
At the top of the stairs, they had to release their hands so they could file through the doors. Once they were inside, Tony removed his sunglasses and took Steve and Romanoff's hands again. He was still having trouble walking and that was an easy way to have them help support him without anyone noticing.
"I'd like to propose a toast," he said. "To the man who believed in us, even when we didn't; the one who looked at us, saw what we could be, and didn't give up on us. To the heart of the Avengers, Phil Coulson." Tony held up his glass.
"Hello, this is Virginia Potts," Pepper's voicemail greeted. "Please leave a message and I will get back to you." Tony internally cursed as he hit the end call button on his phone. He turned back to the kid, who was still babbling away with apologies.
"Like, if Castro dies," Conroy said. "What do I do then?" Tony rolled his eyes and walked past her up the stairs.
Initially freezing for a second, Lara hit the button to close the elevator doors (probably angering a few of the people trying to get onboard.) Pausing for a few seconds to catch her breath, Lara hit the button for the floor Cabe's office was on. It was clear they needed to have a chat.
"Did you already forget that I only let you walk on your own as long as you promised to take it easy?" Clint did not even flinch.
"The one that says, 'I know you both have shady pasts, so just come out with the worst of it already." Freeman didn't argue with Clint. In fact, he looked a little embarrassed.
"Natasha…" Coulson's somber tone immediately raised red flags in Natasha's mind. Despite this, she still didn't expect what he said next. "Barton's been compromised."
"He asked for you by name," Dr. Fox said, but had to add "Lord only knows why." Tony didn't care. If Steve was asking for him, then Tony still had a chance to really talk to him. Tony turned and looked at Fury expectantly. The Director of S.H.I.E.L.D. gave Tony a hard stare.
"Hey, Dad, what's wrong with the puppy's leg?" Clint was unphased. He'd been expecting that question.
"And all these elements can be sold separately on the black market for a pretty penny," Bergeron said.
"…After I've gotten a chance to talk to Mr. Stark about it," she said. "Is that okay with you?" DeMarcus shrugged.
"No." He had several like this since Afghanistan. Each one had been worse than the last and the only treatment he had found that worked was waiting for it to go away on its own. He thought it was a symptom of the Palladium poisoning, but if that were the case it would have gone away once he replaced the Palladium in the Arc Reactor for the new element (which he had started referring to as "badassium.") "Look, I can come up with ninety-nine reasons why I don't want to see a doctor, but I already know that you're not going to like any of them, so I'm just going to cut to the chase and promise to go to the hospital if I feel any worse."
Not thinking due to anger overtaking her, she charged into the bedroom with the wadded-up panties in her hand. She only spared the thought to worry about whether her hand would get chlamydia from touching the underwear. Ripping open the door, Dante jumped a bit when Lara stepped into the room.
"Oh, there's my room," Betty said, gesturing to a door that was now only a few feet ahead of them. The number on it matched the one on the sheet Hill had given them. Crossing the distance, they both came to a stop outside the door.
"No," Tony said. "God, no. I'm not as rebel to the idea of monogamy as people might think. Anyways, the naked guy is Dr. Bruce Banner. Bruce, this is Lara Conroy. Now as to why he's naked… Uh, let's just say you don't want to piss him off."
"What? Tony, no!" Too late. Tony had already shut the door and locked it. Steve quickly went over and knocked on the door. "Tony? Tony?"
"The meeting hasn't even started yet," Tony tried to argue. "You can't vote on anything." Natasha raised an eyebrow.
"Yes," Salinas said. "While I had him at my house, I figured, 'what the hell, might as well give it a shot.' That ended up being a colossal mistake. I left the room to call Freeman, and when I came back, Stark and my maid were gone."
"We're somewhere in New York City," the man said. "I'm not sure where and there were so many twists and turns through that hallway, it's very much possible we're under a different section of the city than I originally started in."
"Mm," Tony hummed. "I'm good." Then, much like he did on the plane, Tony patted the empty space next to him. "Lie down."
"It's already been opened and there's no yeast, so it can't work," he said. "I know. I checked. Besides, I think it's already been laced with Pepper's backwash…"
"Still, thank you." For a second, Tony thought he saw the corners of Hill's lips rise a bit, but it must have been a trick of his imagination.
Tony slowly pulled his head up off the smooth surface of the countertop he had passed out at. His neck was stiff and he could feel a particular vein throbbing in his left temple, but overall he didn't feel too bad, likely because he didn't go overboard with the drinking the night before. Yes, he was somewhat upset that S.H.I.E.L.D. thwarted his and Steve's could-have-been date but he was too distracted by all the research he had to do to really get all-out wasted. So as a result, he didn't have too much of a hangover and there would be plenty of champagne waiting for Pepper when she got back. So, that was all good.
"So, they were specifically targeting us?" Lara nodded in response to Bruce's question. "Then why were you telling us not to be concerned before?"
"You're too sweet for your own good, do you know that?" Steve's face tinged red for a moment and he looked down, but Tony could still see the smile on his face.
"Speaking of which," Freeman interjected. "I should pass these out." He reached into his briefcase to pull out a stack of packets. Each one had a specific team member's name written across it in black Sharpie. He handed them out to each person and Tony could see Steve's eyes narrow as he scanned his over.
To his left, Pepper was gathering all her things and getting herself organized to leave while to his right, Conroy was intently focused on her laptop, trying to get her own notes copied and saved for the next day. Tony sat with his head in his hands, desperately trying to remember what it felt like to be healthy. Unfortunately, he couldn't really remember that far back. Eventually, Conroy shut her laptop and let out a long, exhausted sigh.
"I just wanted a drink of water." The frightening expression on Salinas' face and faded away and he nodded.
"Please don't choose porn!" Clint laughed again and that was enough to make Natasha's lips quirk upwards, too.
"Smart," Stark said. "That stairwell is reinforced to withstand anything and herding everyone away from there will reduce our chances of accidentally contaminating someone."
"My guess," Betty said. "Either something powerful or something with increased virility. Depending on their intent, it makes sense."
On a subconscious level, Clint knew that something was wrong. His senses were both dulled and heightened at the same time. It was like being under the effects of some extremely powerful drug. Everything he saw was sharper, brighter, clearer, and his reaction time had increased ten-fold. However, at the same time, he noticed that something was off with his hearing. At first, he thought that his implants were malfunctioning, but when he tested them out by snapping his fingers near his ears, he found that he could hear that just fine. Same with the sound of objects being moved or the various
"Hey, guys, listen up!" Tony waited for all eyes to be on him. "Team meeting after breakfast! Attendance is mandatory, no ifs, ands, or buts." Natasha was the first to react, raising her eyebrows.
"No," he said in the tiniest voice possible, but he knew Steve heard him. He felt a hand come down on his shoulder.
"That explains why you wouldn't stop texting me, trying to find out the Avengers' conditions." The look of sudden realization was quickly replaced on Freeman's face with a look of sour confusion. "Wait, what do you mean 'retaliation?' What did the Avengers even do in the first place?"
"Well, this is his modius operandi, right?" Freeman said. "He'll go out, get drunk, and party all night. It's nothing out of the ordinary."
"Your speech," Bruce said. "Slow down. You're talking a little too fast." Lara seemed to huff a little in annoyance but complied.
He had let things get too far out of hand. Whether or not it was a "problem" was a discussion for a different day, but it was out of control. It honestly made him afraid. He had become just as reckless as Howard had been and from what he could remember, all he cared about was keeping up his buzz. Nothing else mattered to him – not Steve and not anyone or anything else – just the booze. That truly scared him. He didn't want to become like that. He didn't want to hurt the people he loved. He wanted to protect them. From what, he didn't quite know yet, but he knew that he wanted – no,
"This isn't funny, Tony," Steve said. "You're absolutely out-of-your-mind drunk. You could have really hurt yourself."
Clint looked up at her and was utterly taken aback by how defeated she looked. It was so unlike her. He started to question how that would even be possible when his thoughts brought him back to the conversation, they had just days before. She had confessed that she was afraid of losing him just like they lost Coulson and honestly that little reminder was just what he needed to see the error in his judgment. Not caring about his personal safety put not only Natasha in danger of losing him but Laura and the kids as well. He would be damned if he allowed that to come to pass.
"Yeah," Tony said. "You've said it multiple times actually, and each time you're clearly walking away still upset about it, so that leads me to believe you aren't really saying what's on your mind." Lara frowned.
Leaning in closer, Tony gently pressed his lips against Steve's. Since Steve was still asleep, Tony tried not to be too forceful, but the gentle whisper of a chaste kiss he ended up giving him wasn't enough to wake him. Unsatisfied, Tony broke off that kiss and gave Steve another one. This time, he applied a bit more pressure to Steve's lips and was rewarded with the low sound of "mmph."
Carol retaliated with a punch of her own, but Beta twisted out of the way. She grabbed at Carol's left arm, trying to use it as leverage to pull her down. Carol punched her hard on the temple, with her right hand and this time she did not miss. Beta crumpled to the ground but tried to grab Carol's ankle in a last-ditch attempt to prevent her from escaping. Carol used her other foot to kick Beta hard in the stomach, forcing her to let go.
Steve had been looking out the window when Tony stepped through the door, but right away his gaze was pulled from the view and to his boyfriend. Without a moment of hesitation, Steve closed the distance between them and pulled Tony into his arms.
"About that," Freeman said. "Do you think it's necessary to do that?" Instantly the laughter stopped, and Adoniram's face fell.
"Because none of them have anyone that cares about them," his mother explained. "That's the saddest thing about that place; no one – not the nurses, not the doctors, and probably not even their families – cares about them. It absolutely broke my heart. Even though they were offering me good money to work a couple nights a week, I couldn't in all good conscience do it. It doesn't matter if they're retarded, queer, or just plain insane; just because they're sick doesn't mean we have to stop treating them like people. Do you understand?"
"Clint?" His heart soared. That was Laura's voice. "Clint, can you hear me? Crap! Wait, don't respond to that! Natasha told me about the ventilator. Don't talk. I'll just assume you're listening."
"Are you comfortable?" Tony nodded. "Are you sure? Do you need more blankets?" Tony didn't say anything, just eyed Steve warily.
"Well, if it's any consolation," he said. "Just remember that at the end of the day, you get to come home to a nice supper with your wonderful boyfriend." Tony looked up at him, eyes wide and a smile bursting across his face.
The heavy hitters were the Hollywood tabloid-style talk shows. If they were not looking through Tony's past trying to find any signs, they "missed" that indicated that he was gay, then they were making inappropriate speculations about his personal life and health. They questioned if any of Tony's male friends were secretly his lover. They wondered if the women he had been with before knew, or if he had even been with them at all. Most disgustingly, they hypothesized that since Tony had been having relations men, that had to mean he was HIV positive.
Steve listened intently as Fury explained that Howard had thought that the Tesseract was the key to unlimited sustainable energy and that S.H.I.E.L.D. was attempting to continue his research when they hit a small snag. Well, not as small as they would like. Steve was able to conclude before Fury finished explaining.
When Knežević finally emerged from the water, he was only a few feet ahead of Tony. Tony once again fired a low-powered repulsor blast at him. Knežević landed face-first in the sand with a loud, wet smack! Tony restrained his arms before he even had a chance to think about getting up.
"Yeah," Tony said. "The mail gets hit with a small amount of radiation. Not enough to hurt people, but enough to kill any viruses and bacteria that could be inside."
Tony stared at the wall, his back turned on Steve and Fury. It wasn't out of anger. It was more shame. Shame that while they were arguing about something that now just seemed to be completely petty, Loki was able to launch a successful attack on the Hellicarrier. Shame that they had easily fallen into Loki's play. Shame that both Thor and Bruce were now MIA. Shame that Coulson had to die…
"That seemed rather impersonal." Lara rolled her eyes at that response and she could easily tell she wasn't the only one.
Desperation is a marvelous thing. It can cause people to do things they never would bring themselves to otherwise, like order a biological attack on a group of superheroes. That was guaranteed to work out well.
Steve carried Tony to the living area and set him down to lie across the couch. Tony made a noise of displeasure when Steve pulled away again, but Steve crouched down beside him and pushed his hair away from his forehead. Tony couldn't help the way his heart fluttered as Steve smiled at him.
If they heard her at all, they ignored her. Frowning, Lara slumped back down on the pull-out couch, wondering why she had a friend who had to be so loud, or – even better – why she couldn't have one considerate enough not to have sex while guests were over. Even Telemachus was upset. He stood poised at the end of the mattress, ready to attack the vicious animal that he seemed convinced would come bounding out of the bedroom at any time.
Thankfully, everything was smooth sailing after that. The last procedure only involved clipping a plastic box to his index finger for a few seconds until it beeped. Dr. Fox explained that all it did was check the oxygen levels in his blood. Steve kept waiting for the thing to prick his finger and take a blood sample, but it didn't. It still gave the doctor the result he wanted, so Steve supposed that whatever it did worked.
For a while, they just laid there, enjoying each other's company. However, something substantial was left hanging in the air. Tony could feel the tension and squeezed his eyes shut, waiting for the other shoe to drop.
"New York City Police Department Central Communications Hub, this call is being recorded, how can I help you?" If he wasn't in a public place and on the phone with the police, Tony would have given a "Hallelujah" at that point.
"Nope," Lara said. "We're going to be stuck at the Motel 6 after Wednesday. Again, I can't afford this."
The early dawn air was cool, but still carried the heavy, humid quality that made summer days in New York completely unbearable. Maria Hill tried to pay it little mind as she stepped off the helicopter, following closely behind Director Fury. They'd spent the past few days checking in on Project P.E.G.A.S.U.S. and were returning to business as usual.
Although, no, Bruce wasn't the owner of the dog, he was more than willing to care for the animal on Clint's behalf. The CDC workers found this agreeable and handed the dog over to his custody. Caring for the dog wasn't that bad. The dog seemed to know that the bathroom was outside and for the most part he didn't seem too interested in chewing anything up other than the tennis ball that was given to him by one of the CDC workers. The only thing the dog demanded was attention, which Bruce was more than willing to give. He even cuddled with the dog while he took his well-earned nap. It was rather nice.
All day, all he's done was sit in the waiting room and worry himself sick for Tony, not only about his current medical crisis but also about what would be done to him if the doctors suspected that one or both were gay. Pepper had already figured it out. Lara clearly had it in her head that if they were in bed together, that meant they had sex, even if they had all their clothes on. It wouldn't take long for a doctor to figure it out. Then, to top it all of there was the coup de grâce; Peggy had told Tony the one secret she swore on her life never to tell – the fact that Steve felt attraction towards both boys and girls.
"You don't understand," Clint breathed. His entire body felt horrible. Whatever Loki did to him, it clearly didn't have a pleasant aftermath. He couldn't think of one part of his body that didn't hurt, even in places where he hadn't been hit. He would put money on the idea that all his muscles were striking in solidarity with his brain, eyes, throat, ears, and heart. "Have you ever had someone take your brain and play? Pull you out and stuff something else in?"
"My name is Natasha Romanoff," she said with an easy, crowd-pleasing smile. "I'm also known as the Black Widow, and detail about myself would be my favorite kind of sandwich is peanut butter. No Fluff, no jelly, just straight peanut butter on bread." The crowd gave another little chuckle, then it was Steve's turn.
"My head still hurts, but it's not as bad now." Through Pepper's silence, he could tell that he was getting that look again. "It's still bad, but I'm fine. I can function."
"Don't," Romanoff said. "Don't lie to me. We both know it. You're drunk and based off your demeanor; you've had more than two glasses of wine. What's going on?"
"It's not like it could be helped," he said. "If there was something that could be done, I'd do it."
"Steve," he said in the hazy cheerfulness that usually accompanied being on strong drugs. "Finally, you're here. I've been asking for you for forever."
"He's called Loki," Fury said. "He's not from around here. There's a lot we'll have to bring you up to speed on if you're in. The world has gotten even stranger than you already know."
"Carol," Maria said, steadfastly sympathetic. "You know it's not your fault Fury didn't call you. That's all on him."
Seconds after the door locked behind him, another door along the wall that the hospital bed was against opened and someone pushed a metal chair through. The door shut and locked again afterward. Tony took the chair and carried it over to "Steve's" bedside and sat down.
Oswin got down on her knees, covering her head and neck with her hands and forearms. She then moved on to the next step on her mental checklist.
Heading into the security office, all they had to do was sign for the delivery and pay the delivery person. The security person assured them that they had inspected the food and found no signs of tampering. Despite that, Bruce couldn't shake the feeling that this was all security theater and the food hadn't been effectively checked. However, he quickly dismissed that thought as paranoia; a normal result of being targeted by terrorists.
After a few minutes, "Shoot to Thrill" started to play from Tony's cell phone. He tried not to get his hopes up, but as soon as he saw the overly long unknown number pop up on his caller ID, it was hard to quash those hopes. Fortunately, they proved to pay off as he heard Steve's voice on the other end of the line. Unfortunately, he hadn't been expecting the first words out of Steve's mouth to be "you're gay?"
After sending that message, Clint got up and went across the room to get his laptop. Technically, he wasn't supposed to be getting out of bed, but he figured five feet to his desk and back wouldn't kill him. His sudden movement caught the attention of the puppy, who immediately ran over to him, crying for pets. Clint picked him up and set him back down on the bed while he went and got his laptop. That way the dog wouldn't be begging through the entirety of his call with Laura.
Because my last author's note was so long, I didn't get a chance to thank everybody for showing their support throughout the hiatus! So, thank you to mfaerie32 on FFN, and Saidra, DiveTooDeep, and all the guests who showed their support on AO3! You guys rock! I'd appreciate it if everyone reading this would continue to show support by leaving a comment or a review, but just be advised I might not reply right away. I'll still read it but I don't think my head is focused enough right now to generate a valid response. I don't even think it's focused enough to generate a valid author's note, but here we are.
"Thankfully, it's not something anyone's attempted," Lara said. "The TV show just happened to be on once, and he just told her and Rhodes, 'if anyone ever did that to me for any reason, I'd never spoken to them again.'"
"But is that any way to live your life?" Things were quiet for a moment as Bruce seemed to consider her question. He didn't get a chance to answer, though, as someone decided to take advantage of the lull in their conversation.
"Commander Hill sent me to get you," he said when Steve opened the door. "Stark is here, and he's not taking no for an answer until he at least sees you." Steve nodded and followed Wylie out the door and into the elevator.
Once the call was over, Clint set the computer down on his nightstand and pulled out his phone to text Natasha. He told her he was awake and asked for something to eat. Then, all he had to do was wait and hope that she wouldn't be too mad that he had gotten out of bed.
"Honestly? Fun." Tony covered his mouth with his hand as he tried to suppress the urge to laugh. He could not tell if it was from disbelief or because he found Romanoff's remark funny.
"Good morning Mr. Stark," she said pleasantly enough, holding out a hand to him. "It's lovely to see you again. How are you?"
Lara trained in Stark Industries' human resources policies. Although, her training had been hasty given that Tony and Pepper wanted her doing her job as soon as possible, but she trained. However, she was also prepared to protect foreign dignitaries and presidential candidates, maintain weapons and ammunition, be a victim of war, and tell the difference between a real twenty-dollar bill and one someone printed off Google Images. It was drilled into her to intervene in a situation and end it before someone got hurt by using whatever means to that end, including physical force. It was clear she tended to fall back on this training whenever she was panicked or stressed. Granted, the worst she'd done so far was try to drag his drunken self out of a party by the hand like he was a toddler, but still it was clear that it was something she'd need to work on and making everyone do it would make it seem a little less like they were targeting her specifically.
As the car pulled into the Tower's underground parking garage, Natasha took a deep breath and reassured herself that everything was fine. She glanced up to look at Clint's reflection in the rearview mirror He still looked terrible. His skin was much paler than it usually was, and he was clearly very worn down and weak, but he was still alive, and that in and of itself was a miracle.
"Yeah," Tony assured. "Come on, let's go get something to eat before we all keel over from exhaustion and starvation."
"Oh, right," Laura said. "I put it on that rack in the kitchen so it could. Do you think you can go get it?"
"Just barely," she said. "It's just a little bit after 11 AM. Did you enjoy your little after-shower nap?"
"My… Friend lives here." Nina could feel the panic rising in her voice with every word. "Can you please just tell me if she's okay? I haven't heard from her in days." It wasn't unusual for Oswin to suddenly fall out of contact for a couple of days, but given the circumstances, it only gave Nina more cause for concern.
About an hour passed before he heard the front door open again. This time, he could hear two people talking. One was very clearly the girl from earlier and the other voice belonged to a second woman.
"Not after you killed Joyce!" Lorraine's voice broke as a sob ripped through her. She was able to maintain the volume, though. "Not after you took their mother away from them! I'll never let you have them, especially when you're in my front yard screaming at me in your
"No one's come or gone," he said. "And Selvig's clean. No contacts, no IMs." Clint followed Fury up to the platform that held the machine that was controlling the Tesseract. Just looking at the cube, it wasn't apparent that anything strange was going on. It just sat there, glowing the same light blue color it had been for the past few months. If Clint didn't know better, he'd think that everyone was getting all flustered about nothing. However, he did know better and he had his own suspicions about what was going on. "If there was any tampering, sir, it wasn't at this end."
In which Bruce gets it right and everything promptly goes wrong. Natasha saves the day with a little bit of help from an unexpected accomplice. But getting Tony free is just the beginning of their troubles... Good thing Natasha loves trouble.
Tony sat perched on the bar, his tail curved in an S shape behind his back as he silently watched Steve pace back and forth. He didn’t try to poke or prod or instigate conversation and that was very out of character for Tony. It made the guilt burning in Steve’s chest just feel worse.
The U.S. Government seems ready to back emergency legislation that would end Gata freedoms for good. Tony and the team regroup in order to try and handle the crisis with three goals 1. Figure out who is behind Project Oversight and how to undermine the Bill before it gets signed into law. 2. Solve the mystery of the rebel kits and figure out who they're working for. 3. Find Bucky Barnes before anyone else does.
Steve’s Ma had always had this old saying, about not borrowing worry from tomorrow. Which he guessed was supposed to mean not to bring on more trouble than you needed to by stressing over things that hadn't happened yet.
The silence stretched painfully as they waited in anticipation for her answer, Steve’s heavy breathing sounding overly harsh in the stillness until whatever strength of will that allowed him to hold back finally snapped.
He heard Steve grunt in pain as T’Challa caught him on the face with his claws before Steve managed to ram him backward with his Shield, driving the tom over the side of the bridge; for a moment Tony thought it was over but T’Challa nimbly latched onto one of the under beams and swung himself around to begin climbing the sleek metal as easy as a tree.
If being tied together for eternity didn’t make them family nothing was ever going to. And if he were honest, most of his resentment was rooted in fear. The closest Tony had ever come to real family was Pepper and Rhodey. Who were great, don’t get him wrong. It wasn’t their fault that the institution of slavery stood between them. It just kind of put a damper on things.
“I was losing him before he fell. I could see it but I didn’t understand it and I think that’s why I couldn’t save him…" Steve confessed on a choked breath. "When he picked up my shield, he picked it up like he wanted to take on the whole world, not just the Nazis but every last one of us, and I knew why. We weren’t better than them Tony. We told ourselves we were. We called ourselves heroes and then we went home to our slaves."
"Tony can not be blamed for the misdeeds of the enemy, nor for defending those he has sworn to protect" Thor stated like a king making decrees. "I have had many encounters with the Kǫtrdýr, and none of their mighty Queens would have stood for such a trespass. I can not be certain of her Midgardian children but Bastet would have taken immediate and total vengeance. Once she took the heads of an entire tribe because their leader refused to couple with her, and filled her golden tub with their blood."
The thing was. The visions didn't come all at once or even that quickly. The broth was surprisingly tasty, hot with a sweet edge that reminded Tony of Thai food. It left a warm muzzy feeling in his head in its wake, and it was like trying to operate while stoned out of his mind after that.
Phil had been unexpected. The first human being that Clint had ever met who didn’t ignore that half his DNA was human and treated Clint like he was worth more than his service. He never seemed to have a hair out of place even on the most dangerous of missions but he went home to watch bad tv with the rest of America ( or good TV as he insists, shit like M.A.S.H and Happy Days). He drove a vintage car and collected trading cards and even got Clint to admit that he'd always kind of liked the Captain America comics as well.
The ARK rattles and shakes as that plume of fire rushes toward them. Brilliant light stings at their eyes. And then it happens.
“Your dirty feet are on my console again. If your papa were here he’d tell you to sit like a lady.” JOCASTA scolded and Nyota felt the first stirrings of amusement she’d felt in hours. It still hurt to think of Papa, but Jo was totally right. He would have insisted that was no way for a princess to sit and that she was getting more and more like dad. She could almost hear him now, as if he were still right beside her.
This was... playing. This was nibbling on ears, rubbing whiskers and twining tails because it felt good. The sort of kittenish behavior that fed the dark belly of the porn tubes, and that Tony had abandoned long ago outside mutually beneficial one night stands when he realized how quickly a purr was construed to mean asking for it.
Since plan A wasn’t working out Tony went for plan B which was to blast the place where Barnes was standing the same way he’d blasted Loki.
“Walsh. Any relation to supreme court justice Walsh?” Natasha asked, eyes narrowing on the frozen image.
“Get Ross on the phone.”  Tony tensed, feeling the echoing wariness in the others pressing against him. That had been far too easy.
Relief threatened to drown him for a moment as the fear that had gripped him since waking up exposed and at the mercy of his captors finally had its way with him, so grateful to see the face of a friend that he could almost cry.
Thor did not waste time, pushing past the two muscled tom's who glared after him in order to approach the Queen who remained with her back to them but had her head turned toward her shoulder now.
“JARVIS, what’s this?” Tony asked petulantly as Natasha tried to hand him a steaming mug of coffee and a bowl of the stuff. “Where’s my tuna?”
"Vonkov isn't coming back." Hughard bites off with a snarl and Tony flinches. "It's time you learnt a thing or two about the weaponry anyway. But this contract is worth a great deal of money, so you do as you're told and mind that tongue of yours or I'll give you a whipping you won't forget. You hear me boy?"
Though he attempted to draw him backward Steve stayed firmly planted, refusing to be pulled away from the apparition.
"I suppose you want a public apology?" She asked, moving swiftly from consideration into negotiation.
Tony follows that voice, away from the burning in his chest and the sensation of being cut open – dimly aware that somewhere in the world he is sweating blood and screaming around a chest gridlocked in pain as his body attempts to heal and reject itself at the same time. He feels fingers and nails grappling at his chest. His heart hammering like it will burst –
“You are a good man Tony.” Steve insisted stubbornly as the elevator doors opened on the familiar walls of the penthouse floor.
"Wilson seems like a nice guy, but it never hurts to remind people what the score is." The fel murmured in reply. His scent had taken on a slightly possessive edge. Steve blinked in surprise and then barked a laugh.
Standing a few feet to his left, Roger's made a derisive sound and shook his head muttering lowly, "everything's a joke."
Fury turned back to them and explained dryly. “Congratulations. After reviewing the report from your assessment, Wakanda is sending an ambassador to begin official negotiations. Their one condition is they want to deal directly with the Avengers Pride.”
“Tommy’s right.” Billy leaped to his twin’s defense. “We’re not babies. We’ve all been trained same as you and Jamie. We’re as much Avengers as you are.”
Hughard creates the forge, he lets the fires roar unchecked and applies a dangerous amount of pressure until something lessor would have cracked and splintered.
“Okay, okay. Come on. I know where we can get that stuff. We can go to my house, but it’s a hike. Grandpa owned a lot of acers.”
He knew you couldn't count on the bank not crashing or the man in the suit promising you things would get better, but you could count on your neighbor for a bottle of milk and on your men to have your back. He depended on the goodness of others so fundamentally that unraveling him would be as simple as waking him up to the reality of the world around him, a place she knew to be populated by monsters.
Slowly, silence settled over the yard and Tony, panting for breath over the dizzying amount of pain he was in, pried open eyes he hadn’t even realized he’d closed.
He glanced at her and followed her gaze to where his hand gripped tightly around the delicate stem of his glass. He took a slow breath, loosening his grip. He wasn't going to let Tiberius Stone get to him like this. He wasn't a naive kit anymore.
But why was it always him? Some dark petulant part of his psyche wanted to know. Why was the world always demanding pieces of him and taking them with or without his leave?
Tony didn’t answer immediately but Steve could feel the way his body was slowly unwinding beneath his hand as the fel leaned into him, melting against his front with a heavy sigh.
He opened his mouth, ready to retort but was stopped by movement out of the corner of his eye, his body tensing away from the hint of threat, as the strange kat took another slow step in his direction.
Tony all but sobbed in relief, shivering as he clutched the blanket tighter in his hands, twisting the fabric.
They shot at mannequins, tables, chairs, windows, anything that wasn’t actually moving. They waved their arms around and made a horrendous mess as they demanded money and jewels from the jewel case, but there was a disturbing lack of urgency to all of it. They didn’t want to just get in get out, they wanted to be seen. It wasn’t about the money, it was about the show.  Up until suddenly one of them goes charging toward the Barnes and Nobel and everything drastically changes. The kid lands in front of two young women who back hastily away. The camera angles are bad here, a shelf full of books blocking the view as the kid stalks the two women, but he’s mostly in frame when he fires a strange electric blue energy wave out of his hands like some sort of wizard.
Vonkov turns bright red and swells up like a bullfrog, a vein ticking at his temple. He canes Tony worse than he ever has. He beats his bottom and the back of his legs until they’re numb.
“Now Hugh, you and I both know Maria wouldn’t have that. It’s all these strikes and this talk of reformation Tony, it’s getting people worked up." He says, turning to Tony once more. "Some people aren’t happy with their share; they want more and to push the others out. The board wants your father to pass some pretty strict referendums that would make things hard for the revolutionaries to keep disrupting the business and make the men at the yard a lot safer, but… Well, it’s complicated.”
T’Challa didn’t immediately answer. He sat silently opposite Tony, looking for all the world like he wanted to protest but was choosing (rather wisely) to hold his tongue and consider the words coming out of Tony’s mouth. Like Tony was a reasonable adult worth taking seriously. Huh.
"Perhaps you are. That is for you to say.” Yinsen says slowly, cleaning his glasses with the hem of his shirt. “As for me, I think that knowledge is a worthy pursuit, but far more important is what a man does with what he knows."
He didn’t like the thought of Tony being semi-conscious through the ordeal. Steve had been fully conscious when they’d injected him with the super soldier serum; had to be for one reason or another that he barely remembered anymore. He remembered the pain though. That he’d never forget. The feeling of a thousand knives stabbing at him, muscle and bone stretching and snapping and then fusing back together in an electric rush. It was lucky he couldn’t puke, else he’d probably have choked on it.
His face is shadowed in the firelight, partially hidden by the thick coat he wears and the long hair that swings freely around his face. He drags them close and manhandles them until they are laying on the ground and crushed close to his chest. His sent surrounds them, thick and headier than the smoke, and their heart taps wildly in their chest going from terror to something else.
Somehow, between one blink and the next, he went from lying on the couch in his workshop, facing Steve, to a bed somewhere else, with more people around him, speaking in hurried, concerned tones, hands touching him, occasionally followed by a sharp sting. He tried to make sense of the words; they sounded familiar, but he couldn't focus enough to tell where one sentence ended and the next started, and even though it sounded like English, it could've just as well been nonsense.
Steve hadn't actually thought that through; he didn't have a proper cover story worked out, like Tony seemed to. "Want to guess?" he deflected.
"I was just introducing him to them," Steve replied in Bucky's stead. "But who's this?" he added, when a dinosaur pushed past him to Tony's side.
Behind the desk sat a man with a bald, dark-skinned frame whose age was difficult to estimate. One of his eyes was dark and looked natural, the other was a striking pale amber and surrounded with scars. Fixing damage like that or getting a new eye to match shouldn't have been difficult with a police captain's salary, so that had to be a deliberate personal choice.
She freezes at the door, eyes the size of dinner plates, color draining from her face. "Who—what are you, and what did you to to Tony?" she exclaims, looking around wildly as if searching for something to use as a weapon.
The office was in yet another university building, and unsurprisingly, Maya wasn't there, as Steve heard from a colleague of hers that he ran into in the otherwise quiet corridor. The man looked like the stereotypical scholar to Steve, with his glasses, graying hair, and well-worn woolen sweater vest. "Dr. Harris," he introduced himself. "A big admirer of yours, Captain, by the way. Maya hasn't been around very much recently. Last I talked to her must've been, hm, four days ago?"
He really doesn't deserve any of this. Not after what he did to the other SR100. The reactor is a heavy weight in his chest that hurts beyond physical pain, a brand burning with blue fire that marks him as a murderer.
"Yeah, I know how that goes," Tony said. The dim lights and the reflected colors from the hologram behind him made him look even more washed-out than he had earlier, the dark circles under his eyes pronounced.
Damn, but the guy was getting under his skin. Tony felt like his blood was boiling, the anger bubbling up in his veins. It was just anger, pure and simple, wasn’t it? He definitely didn’t find Steve’s posturing a turn-on.
"We'd like to have a few words with you," added the man who'd first addressed Tony. With his stylish clothing and waxed mustache, he gave the impression of being the brains of the troupe.
He was absolutely certain that if he'd ended up together with Pepper, matching be damned, she would've been miserable most of the time. Especially considering what a wreck Tony had been for the past few years. Not that he hadn't been a wreck before that. No, he'd just metamorphosed from a partying, drinking, selfish asshole of a wreck into one with good intentions that often ended up causing property damage and mental and physical trauma to himself and the people around him.
At a quarter to eleven, Steve stepped out of a cab at the clinic's public landing platform, his hair neatly combed and his clothes freshly washed, probably looking a thousand times more collected than he felt. He had only just sat down in the ridiculously opulent lobby, the chandeliers reflecting the fake sunlight filtering through vertical garden walls, when Pepper walked in from one of the corridors that led deeper into the complex.
"Combat model, huh? We employ some, too, but I haven't personally worked with them," Rhodey comments, instantly dissolving Tony's hopes. "Did you work for someone else before Tony? Seen any action?"
It would be risky, and he was pretty sure the others would tell him not to, but he knew it was the right thing to do. He and Tony needed to talk this through properly, for once and for all.
He grits his teeth and pulls on his socks and shoes. A wave of dizziness washes over him as he stands up. Hunger and exhaustion. He's so tired, he imagines he could lie down on the moss by the stream and nap.
His hopes for finding more information renewed, Steve jogs towards the tent and calls out, "Hello! Anyone there?"
This is a completely ridiculous idea. Tony's first impulse is to go for any of the dozen or so different dismissals that pop into his head, ranging from feeble excuses to entirely valid points, but that's what he would've done before. Now, he's decided to do things differently. "I'll agree to go if I'm allowed to bring all the modern camping comforts, plus a suit, in case of an emergency."
He's sure Tony would disapprove, but as long as he makes it through this, Steve is prepared to make his case for how this is an emergency that requires any means necessary—especially since there's no telling how long they will have to wait for help, or if help will come at all.
Steve stood up, brushing dirt off his costume, stretching his cold-stiff limbs. "I didn't want to leave before at least getting the chance to tell you how sorry I am."
"No, you don't get it, Tony. I'm dangerous. I shouldn't be here. I thought I would be different, but I was wrong. I'm not. I'm just like the others." There's something in Steve's voice that Tony can only describe as a note of panic.
"I'd be surprised if you didn't. Now, I really need something to eat. Something spicy might be nice, to see how that works out with this frame."
A couple in synthetic fakes a few tables away suddenly broke out in loud laughter, and it was a struggle for Steve to resist the urge to walk over and tell them to keep quiet in very stern words. It was a public space, and they were allowed their obnoxious fun. Steve settled for standing up and glaring at them. They didn't pay him any attention.
The chairperson, a lady from Cornucopia whose shimmering black hair contrasted her deeply lined face, frowned at Steve, but didn't scold him. "You must excuse Frederic, Steve. It's true that we don't know your friend, but I know the other people on the convoy have mentioned that he surrendered without resisting. Yes, Edwin?"
"It's okay, never mind," Tony said, trying to move away, pulling his arm back to himself, his body tensing up next to Steve's.
"Really?" Steve blurted out. He couldn't help but be skeptical about that. "You're telling me you survived a stab wound to the heart in the middle of the unexplored jungle?"
This referred to a place Rhodey rented, located another ten minutes' drive away, on the 20th floor of a cheap apartment tower. His actual apartment, Steve had learned, was sixty floors higher and in a better part of town; like Pepper, Rhodey didn't spend all his time in Tony's street-level workshop, but had a decent day job as an aerospace technology consultant.
It was enough to make the fake neurons flare up properly, and to send Steve gasping. With the lingering weakness and lack of balance from the consciousness transfer, he had to grab hold of Tony's shoulder to keep his footing.
He typed the one line he'd need to start the quick matching pipeline, making sure he'd set all the parameters correctly. It didn't look particularly impressive.
Steve slid his hands up to the waistline of Tony's jeans. "Then let me take your mind off all of that."
He told Tony the whole story, starting with their hurried drive to the destroyed workshop and then to the secondary hideout, meeting Rhodey and hearing that Tony had been taken, and the risky plan Steve had come up with. Tony's expression grew more and more incredulous as Steve described how he'd walked into Stark Tower and met Stane, but he stayed uncharacteristically quiet until Steve got to the part where Stane tried to have the drones restrain him, only to be interrupted by the NYPD.
Steve had had no reason to be so paranoid as to watch what he ate, and now he felt foolish. Apparently, he should've assumed that everyone was against him unless proven otherwise. Too angry to stay still, he stood up again to face her. "And why would you do something like that? Added safeguard to make sure I don't break parole?"
In the early afternoon, he comes across a herd of caribous—or some animals that resemble those, anyway. He's extremely tempted to stop and try to figure out a way to hunt down one of them. He can think of several designs for a trap, but they would take time to implement, and he really doesn't want to spend another day out here. He sighs and keeps going, leaving the animals to continue their grazing undisturbed.
"Copy that," Morita replied. The others joined in, acknowledging the command, and the conversation continued just like any other day. Steve couldn't tell whether there was a slight tension underneath, or if that was just him projecting.
"I hadn't really seriously considered this, but—he was missing for some time, and we don't really know what happened during that period. If someone did something to him, if he's no longer himself but under someone else's control—" she trailed off, like the thought was too appalling to finish. Steve could feel her arm trembling. "Something like that happened to his father. They turned him into someone else. Someone evil."
On Tony's other side, Jarvis huffed and shook his head. "Tony, couldn't you at least wait until you're back on your feet before you start making new plans for getting yourself in trouble?"
"We can't go to the authorities as long as we can't trust them," Rhodey spoke up from where he stood, leaning against what Steve assumed was a dishwasher. "If we want Tony to be able to start undermining Hydra, the best way to do that is indirect, at least until he's been able to gather enough resources and support for something more overt."
He couldn't stop thinking that he might cause something like that. Even if he'd never, ever choose to, the power to do it was inside of him, and he might not be able to stop himself if it tore loose.
He grit his teeth as Tony continued his work, methodical like a craftsman, going from shallow cuts to deeper ones, ones where Steve felt the blade scraping against bone and couldn't help but groan in pain, tears in his eyes.
"You say that as if it's a bad thing." Tony picked up his glass and sipped at his drink. "It's hardly new for me, anyway. You know me, Steve, don't you? I like to be ahead of the curve."
"Whoa, the amount of detail they went to is seriously impressive," Tony commented, running his fingers over the dusting of dark hair on Steve's chest. "Definitely getting to the point where you can't tell apart a synthetic fake from an organic one."
Steve had already considered that. It would be a tricky situation, and one where he wasn't sure if there would be any right choices. Nevertheless, he'd gladly face it, when the alternative was never seeing Tony again.
Steve is an asshole and Tony is better off without him. He can find his way back to civilization on his own.
Tony didn't want to start a conversation with Pearly-eye when it would make James even more suspicious—he was already looking skeptical, his frown deepening, his eyes going from Tony to the dinosaur.
Steve sat in the hospital room by Tony's side and waited. Tony's hand still felt too cold, but at least his expression had slackened to the oblivion of sleep.
"Well, it's not public knowledge," Steve clarified. "We didn't release any of this to the news streams, so they're just speculating about the mysterious police operation at Stark Tower. But SHIELD definitely knows."
He was considering what to ask next, when there was a noise from the direction of the door. That must be Tony returning. Steve straightened up in his chair, the earlier excitement bubbling up, entirely unasked for. Again, it turned out to be premature.
"I was still prone to tiring more easily than completely healthy people, and chest pains and palpitations bothered me occasionally, but I tried not to let that slow me down. Besides, I was definitely more fit than I'd ever been. We went on that first expedition in the Andes, and I handled the high altitudes without any major problems. I thought I'd left the worst of the heart issues behind me, until a trip to the Sahara desert a few years later nearly became my last."
Tony lying low certainly fit with where he'd been last night: in a shady pub, wearing a disguise. It also made it sound like what Steve had witnessed hadn't been a kidnapping, and that Tony had met with those gangsters willingly, to work on whatever he was trying to sort out.
He half expected Iron Man to start fussing about his injuries, but instead, he stayed close to Steve, in something that very much resembled a hug, one arm around Steve's back. Then, to Steve's astonishment, he took off his gauntlets.
"I wasn't just going to sit and wait for him to murder me as a ritual sacrifice. I grabbed for the first weapon I could find, which was a machete that I'd been using to carve my path through the jungle, and lunged at him, forcing him outside.
He didn't need more words than that to make his point; Tony could tell what it was right away. They had already had this discussion several times. It always started with Tony's self-reproach, and continued with Steve arguing that Tony hadn't actually meant to burn anyone and was taking full responsibility for what had happened in every possible way. Those conversations didn't really make Tony feel better about any of it. Maybe he'd eventually learn to live with his guilt, but that time wasn't yet, and there wasn't much point in going through the motions again.
"You won't. I'm the one who made the first move, aren't I?" Steve places his hand behind Tony's neck, fingers playing with his hair.
When Steve reached the team common room, Morita and the Falsworths were already present, having tea. One by one, the other Commandos who were joining today's mission arrived: Dum Dum, Gabe, and last of all, Bucky. The second team, led by Brock Rumlow, would be gathering one floor below them.
Steve wasn't about to go snooping around in someone's house just because they were a little suspicious. He'd only consider it if he came across a solid reason to think Tony was responsible for the fires. For now, his next step towards looking for one was to visit Janet van Dyne; if he was lucky, he might even catch Tony there.
"You asked us how you can help," Fury reminded him. "From our point of view, right now, next to Stark is where you could make the biggest difference."
Steve's fingers tightened around Tony's, pulling him out of his thoughts. "Tony," he said, mild rebuke in his voice.
Steve doesn't care if he's recognized Tony, or what he'll make of finding the two of them like this. All he cares about is getting the help that Tony needs. "Did you manage to make the call?" he demands.
Enemies started pouring out before the Commandos even reached the door. "Dum Dum, Gabe, Jackie, with me," Steve called out and rushed towards them, hoping for a melee instead of a shoot-out.
Of course, he was also desperately tired, just in general. The painkiller was starting to take the edge off his headache, and he found his eyelids drooping. He shifted to lie down, his back turned towards the door and the people still in the room, and pulled the blanket up to his chin.
As important as Peggy was to him, he didn't think they were soulmates. He did feel different when he was close to her, of course he did. He got nervous and awkward, all his insides twisting into knots, and worried he'd say something stupid. He envied Howard for how effortlessly charming he always seemed to be, no matter whose company he was in. Still, he didn't feel any kind of a mystical connection, like they described in those soulmate stories. He didn't feel like he was one with her, like they were sharing each other's feelings, or like they somehow breathed in synchrony, like this most recent article suggested. He couldn't even begin to imagine how that would feel like, but he was pretty sure he wasn't feeling it.
Steve grinned at him, ever so slightly smug. "I suspected you might, at least until you're all settled in."
Talking about it brought up the memories once again, the heat of the flames, Tony's howl of pain when he'd been hit, the blood on his coveralls. Steve wondered if Pepper would've felt as optimistic as she did if she'd seen it herself.
They lapsed into silence for a moment, and the respite from all the intense words and emotions made Tony realize how thoroughly exhausted he was, the way his whole body ached like he'd been fighting a supervillain in a badly damaged suit, even though the battle had been entirely internal. He let his head sink back into the pillows, allowing his heavy eyelids to close.
That couldn't be right. If Bucky had made it against all odds, surely Steve must have survived, too!
And no matter how much Steve had tried to convince himself he didn't care, he was struck by instant concern about what might have prompted Rhodes to contact him, and whether Tony was okay. He wanted to ask that, but settled for something more neutral. "Why are you calling me?"
"No one would know it refers to you anyway, Mr. Super Secret Agent." Tony grabbed Steve's hand and started pulling him towards the door to the elevators.
"And it looks an awful lot like the connecting factor might be him," Jan filled in. She sighed and shook her head. "Oh, Tony. What've you gotten yourself into this time?"
"I'd very much like to know that as well," the Kingpin said, his narrowed eyes and cool voice full of danger.
"Nope, not yet, let's not get ahead of ourselves." Tony backed off a little and sat down straddling Steve's thighs, cocks deliciously close to one another. Tony ignored them entirely. Instead, he put one hand on Steve's bicep, as if to tell him to keep it in place, while his other went to Steve's cheek, feeling the fake stubble. From there, he ran his fingers over Steve's upper lip, and then to his mouth, which Steve opened again, giving his fingers a lick. He could taste Tony's sweat on them, and underneath the saltiness was another chemical mixture telling of his excitement.
"Then you'll need to run it by Tony, and possibly delegate that particular task to someone else," Ultron said, not leaving much hope for potential loopholes.
Steve had never heard Tony sound so fragile before, his voice so raw and without the slightest trace of bravado. It made him sad that Tony still felt like he had to put up a front for him, and that he'd only told the truth once he thought Steve wasn't listening.
Stane staggered backwards, holding a hand to his bleeding nose. "That was a bad move, Steve. Maybe I won't just make you watch him die. Maybe I'll make you kill him. How would you like that?"
They're both careful to keep their identities secret. Their immediate circle of friends knows the truth, and Tony supposes Obie can guess it, if he's following the news from his prison cell. Aside from them, there's one additional person who knows enough to be able to piece it together: Elijah Kamski.
To counteract his growing frustration and distract himself from the looming dark cloud of grief, Steve did what he'd always done in these situations, and hit the gym. After an hour of going through everything the multipurpose machines had to offer, he found his new frame starting to flag. A wave of dizziness hit him when he got up, so bad that he ended up leaning on the nearest wall. A clawing emptiness in his gut reminded him that he hadn't actually eaten since he'd been transferred. A beginner's mistake. Any organic frame this size would be burning through calories at a ridiculous rate.
Steve was wearing a dark hoodie, and his chin was covered in long stubble, like he hadn't shaved in a while. The look on his face was serious, a scowl, almost, but when his eyes met Tony's, his expression softened, a hint of relief blooming amidst the concern Tony sensed from him.
Tony doesn't want to wait, but he also doesn't want to harm Steve further, so he's stuck without any good options. He sits on the chair next to Steve, clutching his fingers. To Sam, the quiet intensity on Tony's face is even more uncharacteristic than the frenzy he worked up while searching for Steve. It's like he's withdrawn from the world just like Steve has, into another kind of hibernation.
"Sure. Of course," Tony said, and stood up. "Sorry, Steve. Business calls. Keep my seat warm for me," he patted at the chair he'd just vacated, "and I'll see you later."
"I heard about that, and I'm sorry. I had nothing to do with it," Maya said. Unfortunately, the sound carrying over from the handset wasn't loud enough for Steve to tell what the tone of her voice was. Defensive? Genuinely regretful?
The more Bucky thought about the situation, the more confused he got. It felt like things didn't add up. If only he could be sure who to trust.
"Oh, you've just missed him," was the first thing Jan said, once Steve had reached the opulent lobby and had the receptionist connect him to her suite.
"It's eleven forty-five, sir. Mr. Rhodes, Miss Potts and Mr. Hogan have been waiting in the workshop for several hours," Jarvis informed them.
Tony hadn't been expecting a rescue. Not because he'd thought the others didn't care—he'd known Steve would do whatever he could—but because he'd thought they would never be able to find him in the North. Clearly, he'd underestimated their resourcefulness. "Of course," he repeated. "Where am I, anyway? How long was I out?"
This was the problem with being around Tony: he didn't take things seriously enough, and sometimes, Steve ended up going along with it. Just like he had now, suggesting that Tony could try a swap. Of course, he hadn't been thinking Tony should go for something like his frame, but rather something suited for casual civilian use. Still, it was a risky procedure for those unaccustomed to it, best reserved for special circumstances and not something to be treated lightly.
He made it to the door and outside, where he realized he didn't feel like catching the subway to go home, so he hailed a taxi instead. The look on his face must've been very grim; beyond asking him where he wanted to go, the driver didn't say a thing to him.
That would definitely complicate things. "So, whatever we do, it can't draw too much attention to Stane and Stark Tower, and we have to make sure he doesn't call SHIELD for assistance," Steve summarized.
Steve ran a hand down along Tony's arm, took hold of his fingers, and brought them to his lips to kiss his knuckles. "That's fine. I normally wouldn't even kiss on the first date."
It would definitely be the smartest, most prudent thing to do. If they hurried away now, they'd be able to disappear into the night. But in doing so, they'd probably lose any chance of using this same entrance later, because the Northerners would increase their defenses.
It occurred to Steve that Peggy hadn't mentioned Howard Stark in her account. Which side would Tony's father be on in this conspiracy? Steve didn't know him, hadn't even met him aside from occasionally passing him by when he was visiting HQ. The picture Tony had painted of him wasn't flattering, but Tony didn't get along with him at all. It was difficult to guess what Howard was really like based on only those impressions.
"Not really. I talked to a few officers on site, but really, they were more confused than me," Clint said, with a dry chuckle that sounded almost like static on the channel. "All they knew was that SI drones destroyed some random junk shop, and that SHIELD's saying they were probably within their rights to do so. If Stane's awake, he hasn't contacted the authorities yet."
Rumlow was right that Stark probably didn't deserve thanks, because he'd been giving the group enough trouble earlier. Still, Bucky couldn't help feeling impressed. That had been exactly the kind of display of courage and smarts that Stark's chroniclers had described on the pages of his magazine: standing up to deal with a threat even when he was held captive and surrounded by enemies, and was all around having the worst day imaginable.
"I will. And you just hold on, Tony. We'll all be out of this awful place soon," Seren said. She turned on her sharp-clawed heel and raced out of the room, moving soundlessly except for the faint clink of the keys.
Tony was down on both knees now, coughing, the blood running down his chin dimming the glow of his skin.
"Then yes. Yes, please," Steve breathed. He very nearly added 'Tony' to the end of it, but just managed to bite his lip. He wasn't with Tony. Tony was still pretending to be Ed. If he blurted out Tony's name and Tony noticed, it'd be all over.
"No, I'm here and very selfishly enjoying this." Slowly and hesitantly, Tony reached out to place his hand on Steve's bicep. "It's good. Just hard to believe. I keep expecting I'll wake up and you'll be gone."
Steve sits down by Tony's side, looking much calmer than Tony feels.  "I just want to understand, and to consider all angles. You do realize that if he had escaped, he'd still have been a fugitive? If CyberLife had ever got wind of his whereabouts, they would've caught him and deactivated him without a second thought. Just like they'll do to me when you tell them what happened today."
Tony makes a small shrug and tilts his head against the pillows. "Actually, you could have. Would've been very easy."
"Are you sure you didn't accidentally download a nanny toolkit to go with the cooking and cleaning packages?" Tony quips. It's kind of mean, but he's annoyed; he doesn't need this mollycoddling, and he doesn't like it when people try to make his decisions for him.
Sam asked him if he was okay, and he said he was. He'd dealt with far worse things in his life. It'd take some time to get used to this, but he would. It didn't change anything. No one even used the term soulmates anymore. Being a match with someone wasn't some deeply meaningful divine message. It was a biological coincidence, like a birthmark.
Bucky sat through the rest of the dinner making awkward small talk and avoiding the topic of his troublesome prisoner. Afterwards, he retreated to the room he shared with three other young resistance members even more unsure of what to do than he had been before meeting the Mayor.
"Usually it's only the old timers out on the floor when Tanner plays the swing stuff. You two can really cut a rug."
The soldier holds their body like they’re going to ascend any moment without him, like they have the divine in them when really, it is he who is so terribly beautiful. He is fallen, but still an angel. They know it even then. Perhaps that’s why they fall as hard as they do. Angels are for redemption.
“Slow down?” he laughs into the wind. No. He will do anything but that. There is nothing to fear. There is only the power of the beast between his legs and the wide blue sky above. This is the best name day he’s ever had.
“Nyota, no scratching.” They reprimand without much heat because the girl is already curling into a ball and falling back asleep.
“Should have gone with the easy way,” he replied, and just as he’d promised he didn’t hesitate in the slightest before he opened fire, repulsors set with enough kick that they wouldn’t be getting up any time soon.  They’d hurt Clint after all. Nobody touched what was his.
It was like they were being drawn together by some invisible rope, or better yet, pulled to the center of gravity and too bad for Tony some biological destiny had labeled him the core.
Steve knew how that sort of thing made Tony feel, but he didn’t want him to be scared. Neither Steve nor the others would let any harm come to him. He didn’t expect any argument so it came as a shock when Tony stiffened again in his arms and shook his head.
It was an insane risk to take, but T’Challa was still there and what with how loud Bruce’s thoughts were as they tumbled through Tony’s mind, the impenetrable silence coming from T’Challa was almost startling in contrast.
Sure enough the negro boy is standing there, looking thinner than ever but still stall and broad shoulder and squaring his jaw with stiff pride as he looks down at Tony.
Tony and Harley hiked through the snow across a wide field to the back door of what some might have called a charming little farm house, but Tony just called an ageing dump in the middle of nowhere that didn’t look like it even had running water let alone a satellite Tony could rewire; but never judge a book by its cover and all that because peeling paint and rotting floorboards on the back porch or not, the house did get cable.
Steve’s hands tightened around hers, shock and anger ripping a growl from his throat and Natasha winced but met his angry stare with a stare of her own, hard and uncompromising.
They knew enough about bonds now that there was no point in hiding from that truth, however uncomfortable. Steve still yearned for his first mate. They were still reaching for each other on that separate plane, across time and space. Anyone else but Tony would have cut and run rather than try and compete with that. He didn’t have to be in a relationship with Steve to care about him or bury their hatchets, but Tony, stubbornly, had decided he wanted to have it all.
Grandma and Grandpa had loved dad and treated him like a son, no different from uncle Ben. In return the Osbornes had always made sure that the Parkers wanted for nothing. Though the Parkers had insisted on living simple in their little house in Queens, Richard had been given the best tutors and an instant playmate in his half-brother Norman.
