“Fiiiine,” Castiel shook his head fondly and waited for Dean to leave the room so he could change.  He had to admit, wearing Dean’s shirts was now going to be one of his favorite things. Even though it was clean, he could still smell Dean’s cologne clinging to the fabric.  Thankfully he’d just pulled his nose out of the cloth when Dean knocked on the door.
“No, just be a good boy and do as you’re told and I won’t have to put you in a headlock,” he said, taking in a deep breath. Dean had almost told him, almost came out and said it but he wanted it to be a surprise and at least two people already knew about it. He wouldn’t risk more. The screen finally came down and he sighed in relief as he made sure all the slides were in place.
MacCready was a little jealous of the rapport between the two, though he tried not to let it show too much. Honestly, he was so worried about Benny that it was the last fucking thing he cared about. “I’ll help, I’m not just a pretty face you know.”
“About damn time you two got here,” Benny called out.  He’d had a feeling, the back of his neck getting all stiff when he’d heard the gates opening.  The worry that had been growing the moment they got back and learned Dean and Castiel weren’t there finally melted away.  Castiel looked a little green but that was to be expected.  Benny rushed over and pulled them both into a tight hug.
Benny pushed open the door to Goodneighbor and instantly froze at the two men with automatic rifles pointed at them.  If only it was the guns that had startled. These men looked sick...like their faces had melted a bit. It took far too long for him to realize that they were ghouls, a type of people he’d only learned in school years ago.  People who had gotten radiation poisoning and became disfigured and cast out by the majority of the communities.
Castiel couldn’t help it, he blushed and felt his lips twitch for a split second.  Dammit. He sighed and dragged his fingers through his hair, mussing it up even more than it already was, “I’m...I’m just glad we saw you before…” he shook his head and took in a deep breath, “What are you guys doing here anyway?”
After a few minutes, the doc turned to them all with a grim expression. “He needs to rest for a little while and I’ll keep an eye on him, but if there’s gonna be someone in here, watch for any bruising around his ribcage or abdomen, with so many fractures the chance of him bleeding internally is high and if that’s the case we’ll have to operate, but like I said before, last resort.”
It was hard to focus on the fight when Dean heard that rough growl of a voice, it was impressive, even compared to Benny’s low baritone. Still, with his best friend at his back fighting came easy, whether it was shooting or hand to hand.
He had everything he ever needed with the family he had now.  Though recently, the ache in his chest steadily began to grow.  He just wasn’t sure if it was solely Dean’s influence.
“Because everything we thought we knew about them, was wrong.  I was wrong. There’s a much, much bigger story here, one that I will share with anyone wanting to listen.  But from here on out, Minutemen are no longer a threat to us. They will be treated as we would treat anyone seeking help,” Castiel said.  Many of his people stared up at him skeptically but the majority were nodding, giving him soft smiles of relief.
“Mmm, thank you so much for tonight, it was perfect,” Castiel sighed, looking up at the clear night sky.  Even though they’d spent a crazy amount of time with each other, Castiel was happy for this time by themselves.  He’d been working like crazy and being able to relax and lay there with Dean’s arms around him had him more at peace than anything else.
Dean twisted his hair in his fingers, he usually wasn’t so damn shy but those big blue eyes had his stomach twisting.
“Dean, you’re worrying me,” Castiel said softly.  If something that involved their relationship was going awry, he trusted that Dean would tell him so they could fix it.  They’d only broken up once over something increcibly stupid and childish. It only lasted a week before they were back together and they did learn from it.
“Benny Lafitte, Dean Winchester from Sanctuary Hills,” Benny said, procuring the list Bobby had made them and handed it over to the man.
“One-second baby,” Dean said and excused himself to a quieter spot, “How are you?” he asked.  Castiel smiled at him, his eyes soft and tired. There was a wave of guilt at leaving his mate alone to handle their pups but Castiel was already shaking his head at him.
“Which is the truth.  He can want another baby all he wants but he’s not the one going through it.  They will always want another one Castiel. It’s in their nature and it isn’t necessarily bad,” she said.  Castiel looked up at her and frowned.
“Well I haven’t punched you in the nose yet, so let me get back to you on that, but either way, we’re here...and we need to talk.”
“What do you want Leeloo?” she asked, her voice still quiet but held a firm tone to it.  Leeloo loved that voice, especially when she sang while they walked through the meadows. She swallowed around the lump in her throat and closed the distance between them.  She could see the tightness in Rhiannon’s eyes and she wanted to give anything to make it go away.
“I for one, believe they do.  Especially since someone brought me a synth to dissect a month ago, the thing looked human until they showed me the bullet wound in its chest.  The last we heard was the Gen 2 synths were the last of their kind before C.I.T. was attacked and raided,” Charlie sighed.
Benny woke the next morning with the sun just peeking out over the horizon.  The haze clinging to the chilly air had the hair on the back of his neck rise as he slowly sat up.  Clouds were never a good sign. They could easily lead to a normal rain shower if they were lucky but if they weren’t...they’d be in store for a radiation storm.  The skies going a yellowish green and the nausea following always brought one down to their knees. One of the many reasons why they were running so low on Rad-Away and Rad-x.  The damn storms the month previous lasted so long they were scraping the barrels. And while they had someone who could create ammo and another to make a watered down version of stimpaks...they still had yet to find someone for radiation medicine.
“No, your momma and Jess drilled it into their heads since they been puppies that, that shit don’t fly around our pack,” Benny said, his mouth slack as Dean could see the man working through his head, “Is that what’s goin on with Mason?”
That had been the beginning. Soon after, another group had requested an audience with Dean.  Abner was a large, intimidating man at first glance. He was even larger and beefier then Benny.  Dean had always joked that Benny was more bear than wolf and well, Abner proved him wrong. Abner was kind and gentle but could be firm and fierce when he absolutely needed to be. He was the Iompróidh rí, the King of the Bears. There were only a few groups spread out among the states but Abner was the leader much like Rowena was the queen of the leopards. They resided in Wyoming and the man was never without his second, Benjamin, at his side.
Sam smiled at the voices on the other side of the door and bit his lip waiting for Dean’s sleepy face to poke out through the door, “Hey bro.  Just wanted to let you know dinner’s about to start and Mom’s not exactly on a warpath but she’s been demanding to see you.  She missed you,” Sam laughed softly.
.  Before he could rethink it, he brought his hand up to his mouth and flicked his tongue out over one of his fingers.  It wasn’t the most pleasant taste but it wasn’t as awful as he had heard from others. The more he cleaned his hand, the more he truly began to like it.
“Don’t be a dick,” Benny said punching Dean in the arm.  The fallen city was in range and they quickly lowered, keeping a watchful eye for any kind of movement.  They’d gone light this time, reducing the noise they made. Thankfully nothing either spotted them or they just weren’t there.  Benny tried to not look around too much, seeing the fallen city made his head hurt trying to think of how things used to be before all the bombs fell.
A fire raged in his stomach alongside the feeling of hurt at the thought of losing his best friend, not to mention his job. Dean could be a real jerk sometimes but this seemed extreme even for him, though he guessed, not everyone turned out to be what you expect of them. “Is that what that
“You sure that thing’s not like...a parasite or something,” MacCready teased, though it earned him a hard glare from everyone at the table. “It was a damn joke, Jesus.”
“Hey, I know you said you were okay, that we were okay, but if you need to change your mind on that...now’s the time to say something,” he chewed at his lip a little, half terrified Cas would take him up on it. But he also guessed that it would be better find that out now as opposed to later, he didn’t enjoy being sideswiped and it felt like Cas could break him with one little word.
“I’m glad to help out sometimes, you are too precious to die from starvation, or exposure of college life, same thing,” he grinned, hands settling gently on Cas’ hips.
to touch you?” Castiel asked, wriggling his hand free of Dean’s loose grasp, “I know there’s no debt to repay when it comes to this.  You’ve been so incredibly patient with me and yes, I know that you’d continue to wait and be even more patient but I
Castiel hummed, tilting his head to rest it on MacCready’s shoulder, “She is,” he said softly.  Biting his lip he straightened up and turned to face his friend.
“Anything,” he said, without hesitation...which was a little bit weird but he realized quickly that he meant it. Whatever it was, he’d do pretty much anything if it meant it would make things any easier on Cas.
“Hold on a damn minute, gosh you’re like a puppy,” Dean grinned, “keep em closed he said, pulling Cas into the small laundry room off the side of the kitchen where he’d put the outfit he’d had picked out. “Alright, I’m gonna leave you something to change into and then you just knock when you’re ready to come out, okay?”
“He’ll cope, Castiel is good at that...just might take a minute, that’s probably what it is, he’s just gotta give himself a minute to get used to it all,” MacCready answered, only marginally grateful that Benny’d interrupted him. Though he didn’t like that look she’d given him when she’d first laid eyes on him. It spoke volumes and he was a little worried that the same one would be directed at Castiel.
He knew if he put up a fuss he could easily get Benny and Dean both pushed out of the city, but if they didn’t go willingly, and he figured they wouldn’t, he could just as easily sign their death warrants and MacCready had enough blood on his hands, he wasn’t about to add Benny’s to it.
Castiel winced, “Are...are you sure that’s a good idea right now?  From what Dean told me that place isn’t exactly fortified very well, it could put your people at risk,” he said.
He lowered his voice, took a long deep breath and he pulled Castiel into a hug. “I know better than anyone what you’ve been through, my friend, and even I can’t fully comprehend. But you’re letting this black hatred fill up your soul, Castiel and I can’t watch you become something uglier than the thing you hate.”
Castiel blinked his eyes open and smiled, the ring looked so out of place but yet perfect on his hand.  Dean was behind him, snoring softly, the sound nearly pulling him back to sleep but he was too restless.  As carefully as he could he grabbed at his cell phone and rolled over. He made sure the ring was in view as he kissed at Dean’s forehead as he snapped a picture.
“He basically told Benny he didn’t trust us, and that maybe it’d be a different story if he wasn’t tied to me.” Dean interrupted, grabbing the glass of water from before and bringing it over to the table.
Ronnie stopped, turning to give the kid her infamous stink eye, “And pray tell where would the supplies come from to rebuild a wall like that?  Every warehouse from here to Diamond City belongs to the raiders, to the gunners and better yet to the damn green mutants. If you princesses would like to step it up and clear one of them out, I’d be glad to build that wall back up for ya!” Ronnie griped, tsking her tongue, “Damn children, thinking they know better just cause it’s their first day out on the job, psh.”
“Oh don’t you worry, you’ll get your food soon enough you practically eat it raw anyway,” Dean grinned, dumping some charcoal into the grill.
“Damn...that’s impressive,” he said falling behind to allow Benny and MacCready to lead the way inside.
MacCready could see the pain still lingering in his friend and it hurt him to his core. He reached up and gently squeezed Castiel’s chin, “We don’t
“Hey, you comin over to play video games?” Oz asked stepping up to him.  Henry shook his head and glanced over at his mom who was kneeling down next to Brenton.
Castiel laughed softly and finally closed the small distance of space and pressed their lips together.  In all reality it was a barely there touch but to Castiel, it sent sparks down his limbs and made him want to crawl in closer.  He wasn't aware that he was moving into Dean’s lap or that his arms were wrapping around the man’s neck. All he could focus on was the warm, soft press of Dean’s lips against his.
“Fuck me,” he whispered to himself, though he was sure Benny heard him being only a few inches away.
“Hey momma,” he called out.  Anna stilled and beamed at him, gesturing for him to come over.  He set his backpack down on the couch to go through his college registration booklet later and allowed himself to be engulfed in her arms the second he was close enough.
“I knew something was different about you and Benny, I just didn’t want to admit it.  Then when we kept running into each other and noticed how...strongly I was beginning to feel for you, I freaked out.  Then you telling me you were a Minuteman,” Castiel sighed heavily, “It just got all jumbled in my head and the only thing I knew how to do was lash out.  Pointing the gun in your face was probably the worst thing I have ever done...right next to drawing it out on MacCready too,” he said in a pained whisper.
“I’m sorry, what was that again?” he asked bashfully, Benny had been so patient and kind with him that he’d developed a bit of a crush on him. Even in a short time it was clear to him the man was sweet and gentle, not to mention unbelievably handsome.
“Hey...can you make sure she doesn’t put any of that extra stuff in the next one…” Benny asked, finally able to sit up in the bed without a groan.  He was healing quickly thanks to the Stimpaks but whatever the hell was being added was sticking to his insides and he felt weird.
“Ken?  You know you can talk to me about anything right?” Anna asked, the pretty smile from before turning into a frown.  He sighed and dropped the crescent onto the plate. He took up his mom’s hand and lead her to the kitchen window seat that had a perfect view of the garden.
When he made it back to the small alcove they’d been sharing, Cas was nowhere to be found. It made a dark pit open in Dean’s stomach before he twisted around and headed back the way he came. He found a few newly familiar faces and asked if they’d seen his husband, and terror ripped through him as it seemed he was edging closer and closer toward the gates.
The last thing he had to grab was his pack which was all ready to go and waiting for him downstairs.  He tried to be quiet but the stairs always creaked as he climbed down them. There was a whispered good luck and he smiled, waving his hand in thanks to his sleepy roommate.
“I’ll check on him Cas. He’ll get a piece of his precious cobbler don’t worry,” he laughed and hurried away from the table toward the garage.
They walked for a while until they came across a building that resembled a skeleton more than anything else.  Sure enough, there were a few mutants roaming around, one of which was nearly fifteen feet tall and carried around a damn club.
Castiel stared at the blank screen and nearly gave up again when a new voicemail message came through.
Castiel smiled at the drastic change in her, the way she accepted Dean’s request with no argument.  It was there in her eyes but she still respected her son's wishes.  She moved away from them and Castiel pulled at Dean’s hand to draw him in closer, “I want my pie now...along with something else,” he grinned.
“Sure boss, one sec,” he said before he turned to Benny with a small smile, “Warm them up for me, would ya?”
Castiel groaned at the smells coming from the grills, “Oh God, please tell me someone is making Brahmin burgers…” he said, damn near drooling right there on the spot.
Dean swallowed, staring down at the picture he pulled back up on his phone. The guy was gorgeous, and yeah...Cain wasn’t wrong, he looked
“But yes, it would have helped.  I’ll definitely bring this up to the group and let you know what they have to say,” Dean said with that soft smile of his that always made Castiel’s heart flutter.
Hey so there’s supposed to be a meteor shower tonight.  Wanna hike up the hill a bit and watch them?
The thing was, he meant it, he really did but he also couldn’t hide from what it meant anymore. He and Benny were starting their own lives, with their own families. He knew it wasn’t really the end of anything, that the man would always be his best friend, his brother in all the ways that counted, but some part of him still grieved the loss anyway.
“Yes, do you know something I don’t?” he asked.  Keelie and Pamela shared a look before laughing again.
“You’re going to do great and they’re lucky to have you,” Dean promised. Once they got the groceries put away his hand went to his pocket immediately, nervously picking at the small velvet box. He was just about to pull it out when Cas turned around and walked into the living room. Nervous flutters tingled in his stomach but then they were swept away as he decided,
MacCready answered, moving around the small station that was mostly his and Benny’s, or at least people had been treating it that way. The doc came in from time to time, they checked on things and rushed back out, but for the most part only Dean and Castiel disturbed them and even that didn’t happen too often.
“Mmmhm, just some issues with the kids that I gotta take care of when we get home,” Dean said.  Benny’s brow quirked up as he started back towards the group.
“Me too,” Dean said, grinning into Cas’ skin. He knew it was quick, even for him it felt fast and he wasn’t usually one to deprive himself for long, even still… “Why don’t you stay?”
Benny’s eyes snapped open and narrowed a bit.  There was no accusation, no threat in MacCready’s voice.  There was something he’d never expected, not after they had heard Castiel’s story and that was understanding.  Both of them were in the position to protect their charges and Benny’s respect for the other man soared. He gripped at MacCready’s forearm and nodded, “Thanks.”
Benny shook his head.  MacCready and Dean were idiots, if Benny didn’t know the two of them so well he’d probably be upset that his boyfriend was fighting his best friend over another guy.  But that’s not how it went down and Benny didn’t need either of them to explain it to him.
“He is sweet, I’ll give ya that.  I’m glad his parent's influence didn’t mess with him as Brady’s did.  Anyway, that’s beside the point. He likes you, Ken. I totally think you two should go on a date or something,” she said softly to which Kenton was thankful.
A small smile pulled at her lips at the thought of seeing all the pups they had running around the compound, wreaking havoc and making all kinds of noise.  Meeka, Sam and Jess’s daughter and Brett, Keelie’s son were all the same age as Quin and had grown inseparable when they were about three.  During the week they'd meet up on Skype or play child appropriate games online.  One of which that Brett was obsessed with.  Some farm game that Hael couldn't remember the name of but the girls always joined him with excited laughter.  it never ceased to make Hael's chest swell.
Two weeks.  That’s how long Dean had rounded it to when speaking with Bobby about how long it would take.  And damn if he didn’t get it right on the nose.  It took nearly a day and a half for them to finally make it to the Castle.  MacCready wanted more time with his son which none of them could deny and then when they finally did make it out to the road, Castiel was bent over every five minutes to throw up.  It got to a point where they had to stop in one of the towns they were passing by to buy a Brahmin so they could attach a cot to it.
“I trust you Castiel,” he whispered as Anna gently took over and led him away.  Castiel sighed heavily, his heart feeling a little less heavy.
Castiel blinked a few times before his eyes widened and his mouth dropped open almost dramatically, “Oh!  Wait...really?” he asked, biting down on his lip to keep from smiling like a complete lunatic.
Kenton shrugged, his eyes finding Pogue’s across the way.  The other boy’s head perked up as if he felt Kenton looking and they shared a smile, “I know I like him.  I know I have feelings for him but other than that...there’s nothing. I’m not
“Really,” Dean promised, barely a whisper spoken into the short distance between their mouths. He leaned in, nearly taking what he wanted, what he
“Ma, please?” he asked, using his best pout on her.  Mary scoffed, rolling her eyes fondly but did as he asked.  Benny sighed, running a hand over his face, “Is he okay?” Benny asked turning back to MacCready.
Castiel blushed, “Thank you,” he said, lifting up his head to peck at Dean’s lips.  He wiggled around a bit and sighed softly, smiling at Dean’s curious look, “I like this...waking up with you...all the snuggling, it feels amazing.”
Weathers nodded and quickly went to his main Brahmin to grab his shoulder bag, packing it tightly with everything he would need that The Castle probably wouldn’t have, “Vince, you can meet us there, these two will protect me if anything happens do not fret my friend,” Weathers said and without another word he took off in a run, already knowing the way.  Thankfully nothing jumped out at them or attacked them.  He almost thought he’d run the wrong way for a moment, not recognizing the rebuilt walls of The Castle.
“Then there’s nothing to forgive,” Dean promised, tugging gently at Cas’ hands until he stood back up. Cas was still looking down though, and Dean couldn’t have that. “Don’t hide from me, sweetheart. I’m here and I’m yours for as long as you want me.”
Dean rubbed nervously at the back of his neck and tried a small smile. “You need some food or water or anything?”
“Of course,” she said and pulled Dean into a hug again, grateful that this one lasted a bit longer than the first.
Then it was acquiring the tools to get the place up and running.  Castiel just smiled smugly at Rufus just as not only one but several teams of his people began to arrive with oil, concrete, and several dozen turrets.  Castiel didn’t know which one he enjoyed more, the complete and utter bafflement on the older man’s face or his husband’s pure look of pride.  Most likely the latter, seeing as how it ended with a very passionate round of sex later that night.
Castiel laughed softly, “Of course I know that silly,” he said and pecked at Dean’s lips, “I think for right now, this is good but for future knowledge, I do want to go further.  I want to learn everything and I want you to teach me,” he said.
“Anyway,” he growled out at MacCready’s look of astonishment, “These green bastards have been attacking them, stealing their food, destroying the rest.  They’ve already lost someone...and they have children,” Castiel said, the last word coming out strained and pain filled.
Castiel gasped as the guy slumped heavily on top of him.  It took much longer than he liked to realize there was blood oozing out of the raider’s temple.  He managed to push the heavy weight off of him just as the last few shots were fired. Then it was quiet again.  Castiel slumped to the ground with a weary grunt.
Even though she was a little bit annoyed, seeing Caleb’s shy smile had her own lips turning up.  Where Rhiannon was beautiful, Caleb was adorable. He was cute and would more likely grow more handsome and confident as they got older but she loved how shy and bashful he was now.
“Like High Queen Alpha Leeloo Winchester?” Kenton teased.  It pleased him to no end as Leeloo flushed a dark red.
MacCready cursed and swore to himself that he’d just turn all that attention back onto his gun. He’d take precious, methodical care of it until his brain stopped, or he shot himself, whichever came first.
Castiel sighed, “They’ll come around.  It’s...it’s not their fault that I’ve basically trained them all to hate you-”
“Sure thing,” Dean said, feeling nervous flutters rise up in his belly. He ignored the tingling sensation in his stomach and slipped the ring back into his pocket as he casually reached for the picnic basket. “You want some more berries?”
“Just start at the beginning,” Mary said, nodding shortly to encourage the boys to speak their minds.
Now, he stood back to appreciate his work and couldn’t help smirking.  It was probably his best yet and mentally patted himself on the back.  He wasn’t ashamed to admit how much he jumped when an actual hand clamped down on his shoulder just a mere moment later.
“What the hell?” Dean’s eyes went wide at the sight of the crumbled stone at the gate. Everything seemed deteriorated and, well not to be rude but, completely unsafe. From what he’d heard, the castle was a fortress, an impenetrable bunker with an armory larger than any others out there. What struck him as the oddest thing though, was the fact that it didn’t appear to be from a recent attack. It looked as if it had been falling apart for a long time.
“Pretty regularly, but it’s nothin’ we can’t handle.” MacCready didn’t know exactly what Benny was hinting at, if anything, but he found himself a little on edge from the tone in his voice. He forced himself to relax a bit, figuring he was probably making a bigger deal out of it than necessary, he leaned back on the bed. “Why, you offerin’ to tag along just to defend my honor, muscles?”
“Rest baby girl.  I’m going to make her some more tea,” he said and kissed at Leeloo’s cheek.  Her oldest sister smiled and closed the door to keep the outside noise as quiet as she could.
Dean’s breath hitched in his throat when his eyes blinked open long enough to watch Cas’ tongue peek out to swipe across his bottom lip. “Fuuuck, that-that feels amazing, sweetheart.”
“Yeah, everybody okay?” Dean asked though he figured Cas probably didn’t have any more information than he did. He hesitated a moment further but then rattled straight on into, “How bout you, you okay?”
“Well first off,” Dean said, pulling their clasped hands out to show Sam the newly added bands on their fingers. “There wasn’t anything official, but it means the same to us either way, y’know?”
Castiel laughed, “I’m glad you think that way.” He sat comfortably on Dean’s lap, staying quiet for a little while before the nerves began to creep back in, his bottom lip caught between his teeth.  It wasn’t until a gentle touch to it that he realized what he was doing, “Oh...sorry. Just...getting lost in my thoughts.”
Castiel heard the shots and felt a certain tightness in his chest ease up whenever he and MacCready had to split up, “They’re behind us,” Castiel said, knowing full well that Dean could probably figure that one out himself.  There were only a handful of those assholes left, the majority of them had come running out of the building with all the racket Benny and MacCready had created. They still had to do a full sweep of the factory though.
Dean quickly snapped a photo, it wasn’t super flattering but he was pretty sure Cas wouldn’t care for him posting it. Not when he saw the end result at least, Dean kinda hoped it was soon but also, it felt really exciting to be so close to popping the question and his ridiculous future husband was still clueless.
Castiel was completely lost in his food, not even aware of the noises he was making until he heard Dean chuckling at him.  He just shrugged and dove back in already deciding that he’d need another one...if not three more.
Castiel pressed his lips together in a tight line and took in a deep breath to let it out slowly, “Maybe, eventually.  I didn’t think you would become this upset about it because it just...I honestly didn’t think it would matter.  The last time had been
“You didn’t.  Been up for a while.  It’s hard for me to sleep while Benny’s gone.  The twins help but they wanted to sleep in their own bed last night,” Samandriel laughed through a pout.  Castiel laughed softly, drinking up his coffee.
Before he could say anything, his daughter barrelled on, “And that’s such a crock of shi-sorry...Anyway, you wanting another baby isn’t going to cause us to feel that way at all,” she said cupping his face.  Castiel gripped at her wrists and sighed.
“I’m sorry you felt that way.  We definitely need to work on talking more,” she giggled.  Rhiannon scoffed, her fingers tickling at Leeloo’s sides. Talking was never Rhiannon’s strong suit.  She relied mostly on silent looks that Leeloo thought she had become well versed in.
Castiel came back in the kitchen, his suit jacket, shoes and tie all discarded on the couch, “I was planning on making
because Dean himself was different. Ever since the realization that Cas was his forever, he’d changed and the ring that seemed to stay on him pretty much all the time only made his excitement grow.
before I even met you,” Castiel said, his hands about to start twisting but he forced himself not to.  He wasn’t ashamed of his past with MacCready and he wasn’t about to let someone, not even his husband make him feel like it had been some mistake or guilty over nothing.
Castiel was not pacing.  He was not looking towards the door every five seconds either. Oh who the fuck was he kidding, of course he was doing both of those things and probably driving the barista crazy.  The coffee house that sat inside the cafeteria only had one worker and they’d gone from being amused by Castiel’s anxiety to sighing loudly each time he would pass. He couldn’t help it though.  Dean was gorgeous, older, and successful. Why would he be interested in a 19 year old who had nothing interesting to give to the conversation?
Mary wanted to demand that they talk now.  She missed her son and the ache in her chest was throbbing at having to be away from him any longer.  But, he was a man now.  One with priorities and a need to take care of someone he clearly loved with his whole being.  Mary took in a deep breath and nodded, letting it out slowly as she smiled.
“Well I gotta tell you Cas, it sure is somethin’ here...I’ve never seen a place this protected, not even Castle...Hell Castle isn’t nearly as fortified as it should be. Sanctuary Hills has a better setup than they have-,” Dean paused, as he belatedly realized that maybe it would take a while before the MinuteMan references didn’t make Cas flinch. He should probably keep it to a minimum.
“Inias will be okay...Anna will take care of him,” he said mostly to himself, wanting to believe it to his core.
“I know.  I should get going, check on the others before wrangling in Mason for dinner. Love you Dean,” Castiel said. Dean kissed at the screen and waved.
“Dean!” Castiel cried out, digging his fingers into Dean’s shoulders, “I ca-can’t…” his entire body was jerking towards Dean’s fist and he could do nothing but ride along the waves of pleasure coursing through him.  He wanted to touch Dean too, to not be so selfish but the way Dean was touching him, he couldn't focus on anything else.
“Dean...this...this is amazing!” Castiel cried, quickly visiting each station, his heart melting and nearly bursting out of his chest at the same time.  No one had ever done something so sweet for him before.
“Alright then,” Dean grinned… "but I’m gonna need to take a break or go for a walk, sweetheart...wanna come with me?”
“His name is Cas,-What’s wrong with him, doc?...is the baby okay?” Dean asked though he knew the doctor hadn’t really had a chance to analyze anything yet, he’d been a nervous wreck since the first moment Cas cried out in pain. The hardest part was that Dean couldn’t even give him any kind of basic medicine to help with the pain because neither of them was sure what it would do to the baby.
“You were with me during some of my darker moments and took care of me even when I didn’t ask for it.  I’m not about to let that go.”
Ronnie jerked her head in a nod, “Come with me fellas.  First time here I take it?” she asked turning on her heel to head towards the bunkers.
“Are you planning on leaving me again?” Dean asked, even though it was painful to get the words out, even though he knew, deep inside himself somewhere that Cas wouldn’t have come back to him if he wasn’t ready to be there.
Castiel shook his head, laughing a little bitterly, “It wasn’t that Dean...it was only for a couple of days but I got hooked on Jet,” he said, hugging his arms around himself.
Willa bit her lip.  Guilt tried to tear through her for wanting to use Henry’s invite as an excuse to secretly meet with Nate.  She pushed it down though and quickly shot back a response to both of them.
Castiel didn’t take the bait and raised his eyebrows, “RJ, what’s going on?  You know you can talk to me,” he said softly.
Samandriel flushed hard and stuttered as he tried to catch up, the nickname had made butterflies in his belly and thrown his already clumsy body off even further.
“Dean, we agreed that he’d be much older before he learned about his parents,” Nancy hissed out.  In the corner of his eye, Kevin’s head perked up. He got up from the table and joined them in the kitchen.
Castiel nodded, hugging his best friend as tightly as he could, holding on until MacCready was gently pushing him away, “I should have never dismissed you RJ.  That wasn’t fair of me. You’ve been more to me than just a hired gun...you’re more than that and I’m sorry,” he said quickly, needing to get it out before MacCready tried to stop him.
“Sorr-” Benny had to stop talking to clear his throat, his eyes finally able to flutter open.  The look of deep concern etched on MacCready’s face made his chest swell a bit, “Sorry darlin, I tend to do stupid things but you’re okay...worth it,” Benny groaned.  He had a pretty good feeling that one of his ribs was either broken or fractured. There was no way he was going to be able to move or join the rest of the attack.
“Ugh!  Why can’t you just leave me alone?  Don’t you have something more important to do than worry about your stupid Beta brother all the time?” Mason shouted, his voice echoing off the rocks. Leeloo should have been stunned but she wasn’t. She’d known all along what the reason for her little brother’s temper tantrums. She just wanted him to finally admit to it. Out of everyone, she’d been the only to present so far. Rhiannon was going to be presenting this month while the rest were still waiting to turn sixteen. Though the scents of her friends and family were easy to signify. She already knew Mason was going to be a Beta, Selene was shifting between a Beta and an Alpha, something she had learned her grandpa Chuck had done. And Jericho was definitely going to be an Omega.
Benny chuckled softly, his arms still clutching a twitching version of MacCready close to his chest.  He’d promised he wouldn’t exert himself but there was no way he was going to let the man get on his knees and not repay the favor.  He tilted MacCready’s head to the side and sucked on a patch of skin, the sweat lingering there almost sweet on his tongue.
Arms pulled him in closer and Castiel chuckled, dropping his phone somewhere on the bed, “You awake?” he asked softly, not wanting to actually wake him up if he wasn't.
Castiel leaned up and kissed the underside of Dean’s jaw before humming, the scent of his boyfriend seemed to be the one thing to calm him recently.  Like a cooling salve over a burn.
“We’re gonna tell Bobby and mom of course, but we don’t want anyone talking about it, not even with people who know, you get me?” he asked, though he knew he didn’t have to. He could trust Sam to keep quiet, he just had to make sure the kid understood what quiet meant.
“Tell your idiot friend to stay down!” Castiel shouted, taking out the one who moved way too close to the stranger.  The bigger one grumbled something and took out one of the ones readying themselves to start throwing grenades.
“Same goes for you, Ben...glad you kept that one in line enough to drag your sorry a-butt back home,” he said, quickly changing tactics when the little half-pint came closer.
Benny grinned, hurrying the best he could back to the clinic.  Once inside Benny closed and locked the door, pushing MacCready up against it, “I’m going to kiss you now,” he said, grinning at how blown out MacCready’s eyes already were.  He leaned in and did just that, moaning at the feel of the other man’s lips on his. Finally! His arms wrapped around MacCready tightly and deepened the kiss, the hitch in his side not even bothering him once.
“Not as bad as the worst ones. Selene is with her and I think I just heard Leeloo go up there as well,” Castiel said.
“Thanks, Ken.  Now, go talk to your mom,” she said, leaning in to kiss his cheek before she was off to rejoin her mates.  Kenton watched her for a moment and found himself smiling.
“C’mon, you can help me make dinner,” he said. Jericho beamed at that, his head nodding eagerly. Castiel had an idea on what he wanted to make and began to pull out some pans when there were footsteps descending the stairs. Leeloo had her hair up in a bun at the top of her head, a bucket in her hands.
“Uh-” Dean started but Benny quickly cut him off, and pulled at his arm until they were right next to the door.
There was a tickle on the back of Castiel’s neck and he turned, breath lodging in his throat as he caught sight of Dean sauntering his way over.  He gasped and tried to not look as thrown as he felt. Dean was...the picture did him absolutely no justice, just as Amara had said. This was so unbelievably unfair.
“You listen to me and listen good mister.  Sexuality is as fluid as water. Wolves don’t care about gender or sexuality but the human part of you does.  There are so many different variations and definitions that it would take years to understand them all. But they are named because they exist and because there are others just...like...you.  You are not alone,” Anna said. Kenton felt himself nod a split second before he was crying again.
“So how was the trip, everything go okay?” he asked, forcing himself to look at Benny who didn’t seem to be at all bothered by the quick interaction.
to take care of first. I’ll sit with him till then,” Dean promised, pushing MacCready toward Castiel. Softly whispering, “Go figure out what the hell is wrong with him.”
“Yes.  There are as many identities as there are colors in the rainbow kid.  It’s everlasting and beautiful. And you never know, you may find out later in life that you will sexually connect with someone but it’ll be because you found a deep meaningful relationship with someone,” she explained.  Kenton smiled brightly as a flash of sea-green eyes entered his mind.
“Kyra Conners,” Brady read off softly, his fingers shaking as he traced the etched name in the stone, “I barely remember her.”
“I-I don’t know.  I mean, I like him.  I do. Just, I don’t think it would go anywhere,” he said and ducked his face down in embarrassment.  He was eighteen now and had no
“It’s alright.  I guess I can’t really blame you or Castiel.  If the same thing had happened to Dean or hell if John were still alive and sniffin around I’d probably be the same way,” Benny said rubbing the back of his neck.  He wanted to move closer, to touch at MacCready’s arm or face...something but he didn’t.
“I want more but I don’t want to take away from anyone who hasn’t had their dinner yet,” he said softly, cheeks warming up a bit.
“I’m good and no, I don’t want to take a break,” Castiel said, leaning in once again.  This time, there was a little more charge to their kiss. Dean’s arms hugged around him tightly and Castiel couldn’t help it, he moaned softly, his lips parting in an invitation for Dean to take it a step further.
Castiel drank his tea slowly.  The heat of it leaving goosebumps as the cold grass tickled his bare feet.  He’d just left Kenton’s party to search out his sister. It wasn’t hard to find her these days.  Usually either in the greenhouse or with his daughter Aine. He walked past the growing herbs and veggies of their abundant garden and opened the greenhouse.
“Alright, look...Dean and I...we’ve never done this kind of shit before.  I’m a good shot but in a practice range and this fucked up situation has my stomach in knots.  I need to know exactly why you’re planning on taking them out before I let my boy here go anywhere near that,” Benny demanded, eyeing first MacCready and then Castiel.
Anna squeezed at his fingers and waited until he looked up to say anything, “Honey, there’s nothing wrong with you.  You’ve always been a little different from the others, it’s not necessarily a bad thing,” she said and silenced him with a quick flash of her eyes.
Castiel was breathing heavily, his vision narrowed in like a tunnel on the two men in front of him.  They were finally in hearing distance but Castiel couldn’t shout, the mutants had impeccable hearing.  Instead, he grabbed up a rock the size of a marble and chucked it, not caring where it landed just as long as it got their attention.  It just so happened to get Dean right in the side of his head.
“What the fu-what happened!” Benny demanded, hands grabbing at his arms to keep him from moving towards them.  Dean and Castiel rushed past him to get inside and he finally turned.  MacCready had been the one to grab him and Benny swallowed hard.
“Your mother wasn’t one of the lucky ones.  She was badly hurt when she finally got to your father.  And he was just as horrible as the others, if not worse. She was still imprisoned by him when we found her,” Dean explained, his own chest tight at remembering when they had walked into that tent.  He thought finding Andy had been horrible. Kyra had been in the same way but her “Alpha” had liked to share.
“Fair enough, boss. I just needed to hear you say it. I don’t care how many twisted up, rad filled bodies we need to lay on the ground at our feet, I just gotta remember the reason why.” He said a small lift at the corner of his upper lip. “It keeps me sharp, y’know?”
“What do mean Dean wants us to stay back?  Why is he even hiding?” Mary asked with a laugh, moving first past Benny but Sam gently pushed her back.  There was another man in the road who looked a little too threatening that had the hair on the back of her neck standing on end.
“Shh, it’s going to be okay, we’ll take care of you now.” She said soothingly, as she squeezed around him just a little tighter, careful of his midsection even though she was sure he wasn’t showing yet. Wordlessly she pulled Castiel over to the small couch in the corner of Bobby’s office and motioned for Dean to join them, which he followed immediately. “You’ll have to tell your brother...and Benny of course-”
The three other groups came randomly. First had been the soft-spoken Conri of Montana, Joshua. Then it was the strong-willed Lily Sunder and her mate Akobel from Mississippi. Their daughter May had quickly latched onto Keelie’s oldest son Oz. It was unspoken but Dean knew that the two of them would become more than friends the older they got. The last had been Aaron Bass with his massive second in command, Golem, from Nebraska.
“And who might you two be?” A tale, grumpy looking dark man asked, walking over to them with a grim look on his face.  Benny was assuming this was Rufus.
“You are gorgeous,” Castiel sighed, leaning down to place a kiss on Dean’s sternum before trailing his lips slowly over so he could drag his tongue over his right nipple.
He stood there for a long few minutes before dragging himself back out to the range. He had the sudden urge to shoot at something and it was better for it to be a target than a kid. He dropped his pistol off in favor of a crossbow, something he’d taken to practicing with. When he’d started, he hadn’t been very good at all but he picked it up fairly quickly and it meant he could play with it a bit more than his gun. They made the ammunition themselves and there was a good supply of it but it always felt like a bit of a waste when he finished, so he preferred reusable ammo.
“I know,” Benny answered simply, digging into his food as well.  Whatever it was tasted good and maybe it was because he was feeling great or the company he had next to him, he didn’t care.  He quickly glanced around before placing his hand on MacCready’s knee, giving it a gentle squeeze. He let his fingers settle there for a moment before hesitantly pulling his hand away.
“Silly,” Anna teased.  She tilted the pan to dump the rest onto a plate and then handed it over to him but not before grabbing one for herself.
Benny grunted, sitting up slowly.  He’d had a late patrol last night and getting any kind of sleep while the sun glared through the boards of the house, was hard to come by, “Whatchu want asshat?” Benny groused, rubbing the sleep from his eyes as Dean climbed up the rickety steps.
“Sit tight,” he said, half jumping off the bed on his partially wobbly legs. He regretted that immediately but moved forward to grab his pants and underwear from the floor. He dragged them up his legs and fastened his belt, before peaking through the small window to see Castiel and Dean sauntering through town, Cas’ front entirely covered in blood.
Amara bit her lip as she slipped the note with her name and phone number under the tip she left.  The waiter had been incredibly sweet to her and even if it ended up just being a platonic type of thing, she wouldn’t mind.  After the horrible break up she just had and all her friends turning on her, she was pathetically desperate for something new.
“Didn’t see him but couldn’t miss that scent of his,” Garth chuckled. He twisted around until he was hanging off the wood platform only to drop down to the ground with a soft thud.
“Yes, actually.  I’ve been meaning to come talk to you about it but Pamela’s been keeping me busy the past few days.  Rhia doesn’t want to talk about it and has been growing increasingly quiet. She barely talks as it is so this total silence of hers is worrying me,” Samandriel said.  He stirred the contents in the skillet a few times and took it off the heat. Castiel watched as his friend poured a healthy portion onto two plates and offered Castiel one.
“I know, it was spur of the moment.  The rumors were spreading fast and I needed to say it to the whole settlement before someone did something stupid.  Muriel just told me about it, I’m sorry,” he said, tilting his head so that his temple was pressed against Dean’s.
“I kinda figured you weren’t going to...now, but-” Dean cut himself off this time, he didn’t want any more negativity in the small space between them, not when there was so much hope for something warmer, softer, sweeter. He put on a sly, charming smile and continued on with a different thought. “But you could always keep trying to convince me.”
“Oh, I’m pretty positive.  Though, I have a feeling a little piece is still in there.  Now, c’mere, let me show you what I’ve been working on,” she said with a little grin.
He moved closer to Castiel, sitting food down on the small table in front of him before leaning in to kiss at his cheek. “Sorry I interrupted, sweetheart. But I figured you might want this before its cold.”
“I-I was upset and couldn’t handle it.  I hadn’t felt like that since I was a kid and just wanted it to go away,” he ranted.
A slow grin pulled at Dean’s lips and he felt a thrum of energy building inside him. He’d been waiting for the chance to head out, to get a mission of his own, but he never thought Bobby would actually give him one. The old man was a little soft when it came to him and Sammy.
“Shit...shit sweetheart, you okay?” Dean asked, his hands immediately covering the small rounded curve of Cas’ stomach.
“I just,I-” Dean started breathlessly, he mind clouding over in a hazy lust making it difficult to remember his own damn name much less make any sort of decision. Pretty soon, it wouldn’t matter...he was going to spill so unbelievably fast, like he hadn’t in a few years. “Jus-just want you, Cas.”
“Oh he’s yours now too...don’t be doing this Dean’s family stuff...we’re the same family now, remember? You gave me this,” he said, wiggling his ring finger. “No taking it back now that I’ve saddled you with a kid and a Sasquatch.”
“You gonna tell me what’s wrong?” she asked quietly, not wanting to disturb the peaceful quiet surrounding them. Mason shrugged but remained silent. Leeloo chewed on her lip, deciding to not let this go for once. To hell with her earlier thoughts.
“None of this, none of it is your fault Dean.  I held onto my hate for so long…” Castiel took in a slow breath and took a few more sips before letting his head fall back, a few tears sliding down his cheeks.  He was too tired to wipe them away. There was something warm brushing his skin and he jerked a little but smiled when he realized it was Dean brushing them off with his thumb.
Dean followed him but was afraid of getting too close, the bomb he’d just dropped on Cas couldn’t have been easy to handle and he wasn’t sure if the man would rather punch him or shoot him, and to be honest he wouldn’t mind finding out if it meant he could have Cas in his arms, just once.
“You’ll figure it out, now come on,” Benny said with a tilt of his head. Dean followed quickly behind, focusing on the things he could work on right then.
“Hey buddy, we didn’t mean no harm. Saw you were in a tight spot and wanted to help, that’s all.” Dean said, pulling his hand away unshaken despite the low swoop it made in his gut. He would be lying if he said he wasn’t disappointed by the interaction, but if the guy didn’t wanna be friends, then so be it. “I guess we’ll just be on our way then.”
Bobby sat there for a moment, keeping his eyes locked with Castiel's before finally coming to a decision, “Very well.  You have an alliance with at least Sanctuary Hills.  But it’s not just up to me to make the decision for all of the Minutemen.  We’ll have to travel to the Castle for this,” Bobby said.
He got dressed in something comfortable and helped Dean load the stuff into the car.  Though the festivities were held at Bobby’s house, it was Dean who did the grilling. Bobby supplied the beer though, that was enough.
“I want to be anywhere that isn’t happening,” he said, pointing his head back toward where Castiel is giving Dean a look. Despite the fact that he’d slept with the man several times, he’d never been on the receiving end of something so hungry.
Mary hesitated for a split second but there was something almost vulnerable in Castiel’s eyes that made her embrace him as well.  At first, Castiel’s body was stiff, unmoving but within his next breath, he melted and hugged her back, “It’s good to have you all back,” she said, gently pulling away.  She knew she was leaving one out but they’d never talked and Mary felt a bit guilty for it, “You too,” she said in MacCready’s direction.
“Awesome.  I also have some new weapons for you two to take.  Benny, these two are for you,” Sam said pointing to not only a high powered laser sniper rifle but a shotgun with an added night vision spec.  Benny whistled low as he picked up the sniper rifle first, testing the weight.
“Let us know how much you’ll need Amara and we’ll give you the rest,” Dean said. Amara grimaced again, her hands folding elegantly on the table as she leaned forward.
Castiel sighed, giving Dean his best grumpy face, “Fine.  Can I have some of that pie after dinner?” he asked, allowing Dean to help yank him off the bed.  He changed into something softer than his usual road attire and pulled on his boots.  Even though he wanted to go back to sleep he was eager to see RJ and finally meet his son.
alone, not ever again. That’s what you keep me around for,” he said, trying his best to tease his friend but it came out too rough, his voice shaky with determination and terror.
When she got to Bobby’s both it seemed everyone was waiting for her so she just quietly took her seat.
. I saw my future, I saw my home. Cas you are what gets me out of bed in the morning, what helps me sleep at night, you’re the piece of me that I didn’t even know was missing until I met you…” he said, voice wavering a bit with the sheer intensity of what he was feeling at that moment. “When I went to buy a ring I had no idea what to look for, you’re somehow the easiest and most difficult person to shop for so instead of buying the biggest or clearest diamond, I designed and created this just for you, because just like you, it needed to be unique.” Dean swallowed, tears stinging at his eyes just then, more words than he felt like he’d ever said at once, and then lowered himself down onto one knee. “Castiel Novak, I can’t imagine spending a single day without you for the rest of my life and I’m hoping I won’t have to. After thirty days of failed proposals, will you please put me out of my misery and say yes?”
Castiel nodded, “I know. I think it would be better coming from you. I’m not entirely sure but I think he’s having a complex...especially when it comes to ones ‘below’ him,” Castiel said making a face. The hair on Dean’s neck stood on end. That didn’t sound like his son. Sure all kids could be brats and say things that were cruel and unintentional but this kind of attitude needed to be stomped down and immediately.
“Who the fuck is that!” MacCready shouted, pointing at something behind him.  Castiel frowned, whipping his head around to find two guys their age literally running into the fray and shooting their weapons.
Castiel frowned, turning to face Muriel and a few others who had grim looks on their faces.  MacCready automatically moved closer to him and Castiel couldn’t help bristling a bit.
The bed was still warm but his arms were empty and even in a mostly asleep state, that felt wrong. Dean blinked himself awake a bit until Cas wasn’t a blurry image anymore.
“I’m sorry you feel that way little brother. But I can’t change who and what I am. Neither can Aine. Honestly though, do you really think Aine enjoys the crap she has to go through just because of what she was born to be? Do you think I do? Mine is nowhere the suckiness of hers but it’s still crap all the same,” she said and grabbed at his hand, dragging him back to sit down again. Mason swallowed so hard she could hear the click in his throat.
“You are beautiful, even when you cry,” he confessed, pulling and tugging gently until they were both curled back up in bed. He knew it wouldn’t be long, they’d have to deal with the information they’d gotten from Christian and then deal with his grandfather, however that played out. The immediate future for them wasn’t going to be easy but in that moment he found himself completely unworried. “C’mon, just a little longer, just lay here with me a little longer, and then we can get to work.”
He hoped Cas hadn’t left, he’d promised to talk later but what if his husband had just taken that as a rejection…
was the only one close enough.  He hated it, it was one of the reasons why he never wanted to get attached to anyone but with Dean, it was like he never had a choice.
This house, her bedroom was more of a prison than a home.  She was never comfortable here and her skin always felt like it was crawling.  Not to mention she was home alone more often than not. Her dad constantly in the office while her mother traveled around the country to make sure each of their safe houses was well kept.
“When I look at them...I know I love them.  I love their personalities but I also feel this ache in my gut.  There will be times when Rhiannon smiles or Caleb will say something that makes the ache stronger,” she said and then looked back up at him.
“You gotta wake up cause there’s something I wanna say,” Dean said softly, pressing gentle kisses where he could reach. It had been easier than he could have imagined to drift off to sleep when Cas was finally back where he belonged, given he’d slept in the day before. “C’mon, love...show me those big blue eyes.”
“Twin, if I felt like you were being any of those ridiculous words...I would have taken you down years ago.  You, my sweet brother, are anything but that. You work your ass off for this pack. To the point of exhaustion.  Yet still find time to love your children, spend equal time for all five of them and make sure your mate is taken care of as well,” she said and then laughed, her eyes rolling again but this time Castiel knew it was to keep the tears at bay.
Castiel nodded and crawled into Dean’s lap, his arms and legs wrapping tightly around his boyfriend.  He got out one more
“Yes, absolutely...if you think you can, if you want to, I want you there.” Dean tried not to sound too excited but the thought of taking Cas home to meet his mom, Sammy, Bobby;
Dean chuckled and when he’d first started, Cas saying something like that would have turned him into a blubbering, blushing mess but he’d gotten used to his boyfriends antics in the best way. Cas was always there to keep him on his toes and while there were a few homophobic assholes in the beginning, most of the people that followed him supported their relationship wholeheartedly.
Castiel rubbed at his forehead and held up his hands to keep everyone from arguing, “Listen, I will gladly explain everything to you.  What you need to know, right now, is that Dean and Benny aren’t what we expected when it comes to the Minutemen. Benny risked his life several times to save MacCready and Dean ran into the fray with me to save all of you when those raiders attacked the caravans!  I didn’t need to ask him, he just did it because it was the right thing to do! The fact that we’re now in a relationship with them has nothing to do with whether I trust the Minutemen or not. Cause, believe me, I’m still struggling with the fact for the past ten fucking years, I’ve been wrong!” Castiel shouted.  The small group that had followed Muriel over shrunk, their shoulders slumping forward.
“Cas,” Dean said, shaking his head, “It’s nothing to be worried about, I promise...just something I want to show you.”
“It’s getting better,” she said, wincing as her stomach rolled.  The feeling of soft fur pushed at her shirt until it touched the skin of her stomach and she groaned at the instant relief.
Castiel shook his head, fingers clenching into Dean’s coat.  There was fighting going all around him but he didn’t want to leave Dean’s side.  A cry erupted into the air and Castiel felt his blood grow cold, “I-I have...I have to go, I’ll be back,” he said leaning in touch his forehead against Dean’s before he was up and running back into the fray of the fight.  The cry he had heard was from one of the Brahmin and that chill that had surged through his blood was now boiling. He brought his weapon forward and began picking them off one by one.
Castiel rolled his eyes fondly but leaned up for another kiss as Dean and Benny both got up from the table.
Dean winced. His poor baby girl had probably the worst case of migraines he’d ever seen anyone have. They practically crippled her and she wasn’t the same the day after one. He absolutely hated that she had to get them and worse that he couldn’t do a damn thing about it.
Castiel glanced around the infant settlement and took in a deep breath.  He could do this. MacCready was restless next to him and Castiel completely understood the feeling.  Jamaica Plains was the farthest one they’d attempted to ally with but they’d heard their distress calls over their long range.  And so far, he hadn’t seen any signs of the Brotherhood or Minutemen coming to their aid.
It took everything in him to not snort at the woman, but MacCready couldn’t honestly blame her. He looked like ten miles of bad road and she obviously cared for Benny. She didn’t have to like him, didn’t have to play nice as far as he was concerned. She was protective over Benny and wanted the man he loved to be happy, that was enough for him. So he nodded in agreement and said, “Thank you, ma’am.”
“Oh, honey, don’t cry.  Come here,” Anna cooed, pulling him closer until he was cradled in her arms.
“Thank me later,” Castiel growled, jumping back up.  His gun clicked and he cursed, swinging it behind him as he took out the long knife he had in a sheath strapped to his thigh.
“You know, switching the topic isn’t going to work but yes, I’m nervous.  Being Conri is one thing...but taking my pop’s position as High Alpha? That scares the shit out of me,” she said.  Kenton bit his lip and looked out over their group. He knew without a doubt Leeloo would be a wonderful leader. She already was and only sixteen at that.  Kenton couldn’t wait to see what she would truly be capable of once she came into full power.
“I’m still not sure.  I want to make my mate happy but I don’t want it to disrupt what we already have,” he said.  Leeloo’s face softened, her hands reaching out to take his into her own.
“You are gorgeous, I know you don’t see it but Cas... you-“ he paused, making sure to look up and catch Castiel’s gaze. “You are so beautiful, I-when Amara sent me that picture of you I could barely breathe, and when I actually saw you for the first time...I just wanted to make you mine right then and there.”
Dean kissed him again, softly and chaste as he held him in his arms. The last few days with Cas had been amazing and though they still had a shit ton of stuff to deal with, Dean wasn’t sure he’d ever been happier.
MacCready got to his feet and leaned back, stretching out the bunched up muscles in his back, “Whew, now that was what I call exciting,” MacCready laughed, his eyes beginning to tear up when Castiel flipped him off again from where he was laying.  He almost forgot about the strangers when the smaller one crawled out from under the frame of what used to be a car.
Keelie silenced him with a look and she shook her head, “You’re right.  I didn’t want another pup. Not with how I was. I could barely hold onto myself let alone trying to be a good mother and mate.  Do you know how hard it was...how much it hurt to hear your pup screaming in the next room while you’re on the floor having convulsions because the visions are too strong?”  she asked through clenched teeth. Castiel swallowed hard and shook his head.
“Gross,” Castiel said but couldn't help the laugh that bubbled up in his chest.  They moved through the line and got their food.  The hall was pretty filled and when Dean mentioned eating outside instead Castiel eagerly agreed.  He was okay but with so many people in one room it was a bit claustrophobic.  There were a few tables outside and thankfully they managed to snag one that all five of them could sit down at.
Leeloo sat there for a moment, probably lost in thought.  He continued to strum at his guitar but her voice stopped him.  It was so quiet he barely heard it.
Castiel’s head jerked to the front, his gun instantly going up.  Muriel had been the one to call out to him, her eyes wide. He jogged forward, nearly tripping on himself when he saw who was standing in the middle of the road.  Yanking out his hand gun he pointed it right at his ex-companion and felt himself tremble.
“I guess that means me too,” MacCready said with just a touch of bitterness once they’d put the smug bitch behind them. There was something about that woman that just rubbed him wrong, even though he himself was known for phrases wrapped in barbed wire and thorns. “Do you have any idea what it is, we’re up against or how many? You didn’t even ask. Goth Barbie got under your skin and you just took the job.”
“They’re…” Castiel turned to look at the other two and the expression on MacCready’s face wasn’t something he’d ever seen before.  He wasn’t quite sure how to even read it, “They’re friends. He needs a doctor though, do you have any Stimpaks?” Castiel asked. The girl nodded quickly, guiding them to a house that Castiel was assuming was being used for their clinic.
Andy chewed the bit in his mouth and shrugged again, “It was an old Sentry Bot that one of my teachers found.  It was given to me to fix and managed to get him on a few times.  Had to leave him behind though,” he said with a sigh.
“I’ll go after that one, get your scope out and take care of the others before they get me, we good?” Dean asked, heart pounding hard in his chest, but he was ready.
“Yes,” Brady said.  Dean nodded and lead the way out of the house.  He was surprised but pleased when Brady actually hugged Nancy and then Kevin, letting them know where they were going.  They took one of the golf carts to the clearing where they got out and walked the rest o the way. There were now two paths leading out of their ceremonial space.  One leading to the Pits and the new one went to the memorial.. It was clean and easy to see but for those only wishing to pay their respects.
Everything Kenton is feeling is exactly the way I felt when I finally learned the word ASexual on tumblr and how relieved I felt that I wasn’t fucking alone. Or a freak.  Or “frigid”.
Samandriel laughed, “Just like their damn fathers,” he grinned.  Castiel clinked their mugs together and chuckled.
He hid the ring in his gym bag, slid out of his jeans and quickly grabbed the lube, leaving his phone behind.
“Enough, we trust Dean and Benny and it goes far beyond anything physical that we share with them.  And you know how hard that is for me. Now please, go on with your chores. I plan to visit Dean and Benny’s home, to get a real feel the other Minutemen.  If they’re anything like Dean and Benny, we may explore an alliance with them but for now, it’s just a hope,” Castiel said dismissing them. Once the small group left Castiel could feel the tension building between him and MacCready.  He didn’t want to look at his friend and see the disappointment in his face.
“His answers don’t make sense to me Amara,” Castiel huffed, finally looking up at her only to flinch at the fierceness in her eyes, “I’ve asked him before,” he said and then shook his head, “I don’t want to talk about this anymore, I have to go.”  Castiel didn’t give her a chance to respond. She called out after him a few times but he ignored it, just as he ignored the tears streaming down his cheeks now.
“Oh...definitely a compliment,” Castiel gasped.  His hand looked tiny wrapped around Dean’s cock. He didn’t have much to compare it too but to him, it was absolutely perfect, “I imagined you to be well endowed but this…” he said, squeezing around the base again before stroking up his shaft.
Castiel nodded and read over the instructions.  Dean was right, it was pretty easy to get the mask put together and soon he was spreading it over Dean’s face, laughing with delight at Dean’s scowl.
Dean stood, moving quickly so that Cas didn’t get too far ahead of him. He wanted so badly to hold the man, to apologize, but even that would probably be unwelcome. Still..he had to try.
Dean slid his hand gently over Cas’ stomach. Something that had become quite a bit of a habit, but instead of the hard firm lines there was an unexpected softness to it. Immediately his eyes dropped down to the exposed skin and he grinned. “Cas...look. Sweetheart look, your stomach...it’s- it’s not completely flat anymore.”
“Oh no, no way in hell am I putting my ass on the line for you...if you’d just have kept your pretty mouth shut we wouldn’t be in this situation in the first place,” MacCready answered, white rage flooding through him all over again. He could have handled Castiel, could have made it easier on him but no, pretty boy had to grow a goddamn conscience.
“How’d you know-” Dean started but then stopped. He obviously hadn’t been very subtle. “Sorry we just, we need some information and it’s nothing like super secret I don’t think, it happened like ten years ago, but we also don’t want to offend anyone by asking so…”
The three of them moved through the city, a comforting silence between them as they made their way toward Bobby’s. A few people stopped to say hello and that it was good to see him back home, but for the most part, it was a direct shot across town.
Dean’s eyes zoomed in on the small movement. It wasn’t anything, he knew that, but it still felt like something. It started as an itch, a persistent annoyance that moved under his skin like a disease. It pushed into his mind and Dean fought hard against it. He told himself he was being irrational, that Cas and Mac were friends and it wasn’t a touch that would have felt weird or out of place had it been something he shared with Benny.
Castiel chewed on his thumbnail before nodding, “I will.  Thank you for thinking of this Hael. I’m actually embarrassed that no one has come up with this idea before now,” he laughed.  Hael joined in and shrugged.
“You got like...a chair or somethin’ man, this isn’t gonna be a two-second deal,” he said, trying for a light tone but it came out a bit more broken and hurt than he’d planned. Something about seeing Cas again made everything inside him feel like a gaping wound.
Castiel winced a little at the state Benny was in and knelt down next to the man, “I can’t guarantee but it’ll be somewhere safe for you to rest until you can move a bit better on your own,” he said with a little smile.
Outside, the settlement was bustling.  The caravans were already in the market area for the weekly trade, including that bitch Trashcan Carla.  Benny couldn’t help sneering at her. Why they continued to trade with her Benny had no clue. Maybe it’s because she was the oldest provisioner of them all and was tough as nails? All Benny associated her with was the time she jacked their one and only power armor suit and fucking lost it in a god damn lake.  Claiming that she had tried to lure the raiders away and got stuck in the mud but conveniently couldn’t remember exactly
“Alright, alright,” Castiel teased, closing his eyes.  The warmth of Dean’s hand on his waist sent shivers through his body.  Even after several weeks, he still got goosebumps just from a single touch.  He was gently led through the door and he waited as Dean kicked the door closed.  Castiel thought he could open his eyes now but Dean quickly clamped a hand over his face.
“Two on your right!” Castiel shouted, covering Dean’s back when the other man starting firing in that direction.
“Mmhmm, what do you want Singer?” she demanded, scooping up some of the manure to drop into the wheelbarrow.  Bobby fought the urge to gag and took a step back.
Castiel frowned, “Dean?” he called out, his hand going to the doorknob only to have it pulled out of his hand.  The alcohol was strong but he didn’t care, Dean was standing in front of him and for whatever wonderful reason, it didn’t look like Dean hated him.
“I’ve got several teams going out, starting tomorrow.  Some to Diamond City, some to Bunker Hill and I’ll be heading out to Goodneighbor myself.  I need someone to reconnect with The Castle, pick up supplies and the like. I know it’s far, much farther than you’ve ever been but I think you can handle something like this.  Whaddya say?” Bobby asked.
Dean waited until his skin was fully dried off before he started to dress himself, the suit Cas had picked out was already a pretty tight fit, he knew from experience trying to layer it on wet skin was a mistake. Once he was finally dressed though, he slipped a hand into his gym bag and pulled out the ring, leaving the box behind. He grinned when the idea came to him, he folded his handkerchief and tipped it through the ring, leaving only the band part exposed on top as he reached for his phone.
He got down low as he made his way back to where they planned to draw their own beast away and sighed in relief when they were both still standing and seemingly without major injuries at least, though who was to say. Castiel was a stubborn son of a bitch and Dean seemed like he could give the guy a run for his money.
Amara loved her little brother more than anyone or anything but she wondered sometimes if something didn’t get a little lost in translation between the two of them. It seemed as though she was destined to have very little insecurities and he had more than enough for the both of them.
“Alright, just because it’s daddy’s birthday doesn’t mean lessons are canceled,” Dean said after a while and one by one, the pups crawled away to get ready.  Castiel got up as well, pulling on a sweater to join his oldest in the kitchen.
“Well hell, you’re weren’t kidding, they take their records seriously,” Dean said, he grabbed a box and handed it to Benny before taking another one for himself. “Let’s get crackin’.”
Castiel laughed, sitting up and gesturing for them to come closer.  They sang him Happy Birthday and curled up around each other to eat the cake.  It was absolutely delicious with real strawberries and a lemon icing.
Castiel went limp in his arms and Dean carried him. It wasn’t easy, the man was pure muscle, but he did it. He walked back to MacCready first, not wanting to show up at camp with a passed out Castiel without some sort of backup. The people who were with him were already weary about the conversation, he doubted they’d be any happier with their leader being hauled back looking half dead.
Caleb swallowed hard and nodded, his eyes brimming with tears but he managed to keep them from falling.  Gods she just wanted to hug him right now.
“Why would I have any reason to lie?  If I had truly murdered your parents, why would we keep you here?  Feed you, house you, teach you. Think about it Brady, if I killed your parents for no reason, what use would I have for you?”
“No, no.  My heat won’t be here for another couple of months but your Pop’s rut will be much sooner.  He wants another baby,” Castiel explained, rubbing the back of his neck. Leeloo’s eyes narrowed a little as her head tilted to the side.
Charlie laughed fully this time, “Miles upon miles.  From what I read they don’t even know where the source actually is.  Could be a crater...could be anything.  Anyone who ever tried to investigate never came back.  Either lost to the wasteland or probably picked clean by those Deathclaws out there.  This might be a little too out of your reach Dean-o, I don’t even think your boy wonder could accomplish it,” she said with a shrug.
and then promised to stop apologizing.  They sat there like that, with Castiel clinging to Dean on his lap for a long time.  Long enough that Dean’s legs must be either cramping or falling asleep.
“Yeah, this is exactly how I wanted it,” Kenton said softly, glancing up over at Leeloo to find her twirling her little brother Jericho around.
Dean crossed the compound, a tug of dread hanging down in his chest.  This conversation was long overdue but he had promised Castiel that he would take care of it.  After the last incident with Jericho, Brady had put on strict supervision and extra chores. He was to go to his lessons, then chores, then straight back home.
“Hmm, hold on a sec,” Benny said and got up, heading to another worker.  She explained to him that they wanted three rows of mutfruit and Benny quickly nodded.  She gave him the bucket full of bulbs and he nodded at Samandriel, “C’mon Angel, this way,” he said heading over to the rows that were already tilled and ready to go.
“When?  She won’t answer any of my messages or my calls.  I need her to know that I don’t mean to get in between the two of you or anything like that!” Caleb insisted.  She could practically scent his stress and worry through the call.
Rhiannon sucked in a breath and her smile grew, “Like the sun is rising up above the horizon,” she answered in a hushed whisper.  Leeloo gently wiped away another tear and asked her final question.
“You really think this is a good idea?  Castiel wanted to shoot all three of us in the face.  Don’t get me wrong, I wanna fix this and get the truth to the poor guy but I’d like to still be breathing once this is over,” Benny said hurrying next to Dean’s side.  They’d been walking for a while now, following Dean’s PipBoy to get to Good Neighbor. Bobby had warned them of the dangers waiting for them. They had to walk through Boston Common to get to the worn down town.  Raiders, mutants and ferrals could be waiting around every corner.
“Yeah, you could say that,” Dean said, looking around a bit as they moved on. Eventually, his impatience got the better of him and he started asking questions. “How long has the front gate been like that, ya’ll didn’t think to maybe, rebuild or something?”
Heed the new tags added.  Torture, minor character death, slavery, and betrayal.  Most of this is written vaguely and won't happen until a few more chapters but putting this here now.
“Good,” Leeloo said getting up so she could shift as well.  Leeloo’s form was the biggest of them all and barely fit on the bed but Aine curled into her, her other brothers and sister moving with her to keep the warmth intact.  It was a soothing balm cooling over her raw nerves and this time she cried with relief.
“But she doesn’t trade with Gunners.  She has a strict policy against making business with outlaws...I’d say it was Cricket,” Castiel said softly, rubbing the back of his neck.  Just the thought of that woman made him itch.  It had been while she was in Jamaica Plains that Castiel got more Jet.  Her specialty was weapons of all kinds but she did have a few chems to sell off at times.
“Sure, and I bet Cas can find you all kinds of stuff to mess with, we have some places hidden around where there are spare parts laying everywhere,” MacCready admitted, playfully ruffling Andy’s hair.
MacCready felt like he got hit in the face with a rusty baseball bat.  He wanted this to be some sick joke, that Dean came all the way here to fuck with him.  When no smile graced either of their lips he cursed loudly, got up and grabbed the entire bottle of Whiskey before coming back, “You are more fucked than you even realize,” MacCready said and then took two big gulps from the bottle.
Castiel’s mouth opened to say something but he stopped, rethinking about what was about to fly out, “And what if they don’t?” Castiel asked.  It wouldn’t be right of him to ask Dean to stay, not with his family in Sanctuary but he didn’t see Dean leaving right away, if not for a few days at least.
Castiel snorted, “No.  I just...I need your thoughts on something I’ve been trying to come to a conclusion for,” he said softly.  Leeloo turned off the faucet and turned fully to him.
“Woah, wow...did I hit the fucking jackpot,” Dean said, his eyes mesmerized by every sharp line and angle of Castiel’s tailored suit. “You look amazing, sweetheart.”
“Well I won’t lie to you, Cas...I know it’s not gonna be easy for you but it would make me a pretty happy guy.”
“Dean,” Benny called out as he quickened his pace, hands held out to keep the others from rushing out to greet them.
MacCready stared at the table for what felt like a really long time as the story unfolded in his mind.  He could see it as clear as day, “Samuel wanted the two of you. He’s all about bringing in recruits, especially if they’re family.  Feels like the loyalty will be stronger that way. He probably got pissed that your dad couldn’t get you and even more so when the Minutemen took him out.  That’s why he went after those settlements and I’d bet my sweet ass that the ‘raiders’ who had attacked Sommerville were really Gunners but Cas ain’t gonna remember what the hell they wore.  He was too young and terrified. Fucking hell,” MacCready spat, dragging his fingers over his face and through his hair, knocking his hat off in the process.
He took a couple small sips of purified water from the small canteen they shared and passed it over to Benny.
When he woke up, he felt surprisingly okay and smiled when Dean sat a plate of breakfast down on the coffee table in front of him.  “Thanks...I owe you big.”
“Alrighty then, let’s go,” Dean said with a wide grin, ushering Cas through the gates and into his home. Being in Sanctuary Hills felt different with Cas at his side, their hands threaded together giving the allusion of a warm safety net.
Benny made a face, pulling the book she’d been reading towards him.  It took him a minute and then he understood, “They checked out two other settlements in that same time frame.  Both of them had been taken out as well. I’m going to guess these two would have been the ones in range to send aid to Sommerville?” Benny asked.
Dean looked at the two bands again, nearly identical except for the size. He pulled Castiel’s hand into his, taking in the lines and details, quickly realizing that his own digits were the smaller of the two. It could partly have been because Cas’ were swollen and puffier than usual but he didn’t comment. Instead, he took the larger band and slid it silently over the thick knuckle of his left ring finger and waited breathlessly for Castiel to do the same with the smaller one.
“Hey Uncle Garth, looking for my brother. You seen him?” She asked stepping closer. Garth narrowed his eyes and then shrugged.
“I know but is it selfish of me to deny him?  I mean you didn’t want another one but Brent came along,” Castiel said and knew the instant he said it that it was a mistake.  Keelie’s eyes grew cold and she pushed out of her stool.
“Sam’s working with the terminals and Dean’s doing his rounds,” Mary answered, shovel sinking back in before those steely blue eyes met his again, “Why?”
Benny ate a bit more slowly, wanting to savor the fact that they had almost double the rations that they normally got.  Including Brahmin sausage. It was a rarity and only given to those going out beyond the walls. And he had four of them on his plate.  He was sad when he swallowed the last bit of it but hopefully, it wouldn’t be the last. If all went well of course.
“Y’know, not that I’m a fan of the guy or anything but I’ll admit, Dean was damn persistent about staying by your side the whole time you were out. I don’t think he left you even once. I uh, saw someone bring some food in here to him but I gotta admit, he’s either brave or stupid...maybe a little of both.”
Castiel hugged around himself a little tighter, not wanting to hear her answer.  He was fooling himself that he’d get over the pain of pulling away from Dean and this was only digging the knife in deeper.
He helped Cas tremble and shake through the waves of orgasm, savoring every little twitch of pleasure that showed on his face. “So good for me, sweetheart. You were so good,” Dean said, kissing gently as Cas visibly started to come down from his orgasm high.
“I thought...I thought I was a freak.  That something was wrong with me that I have absolutely no sexual desire…”
Andy’s eyes got even bigger and he finally moved out from behind his dad, “Sam says you’re the best big brother anyone could ever have,” he said, glancing up at his dad before sticking his hand out, “I’m Andy.”
Castiel sucked in a sharp breath.  Were these jerks worth the relationship he’d been building with Dean?  A man who looked out for him took care of him, paid close enough attention to create one of the best dates he’d ever been on.  The answer was so easy but now...surely now it was too late.
“Damn,” Castiel teased, leaning in for a kiss.  It was soft and chaste that had Castiel eager for more but Sam was right there and they still had a much tougher conversation coming.  Castiel sighed and stood up from the couch.
“Yeah, that’s all Castiel. He’s done this for a lot of places, it’s...something to see it happen,” MacCready answered, surprised by how quickly they’d made it back. Doc wasn’t as young as the two of them but hell if he hadn’t kept up and made a liar out of MacCready, even if it was only in his mind.
“Who?” Dean asked, though there was a sick feeling in his gut. What kind of assholes would just leave settlement after settlement abandoned and alone to fight off a war they weren’t prepared for and could have never survived. Castiel was damn lucky to make it out, though he was sure there were days the guy would disagree with him on that perspective.
“You’re insane!” Elenore laughed, shaking her head but Castiel could see the fire back in her eyes.  Castiel nodded and took off again, frantically looking for Dean in the chaos. He finally found him, fighting hand to hand with a bigger one.
Castiel smiled softly, kissing at Dean’s lips, “You have me, Dean,” he said reaching between them to start undoing Dean’s pants.  It took some squirming but he managed to get both of their cocks free and he gripped them tightly in his fist, “Oh God,” he groaned, stroking both of their now slick cocks slowly at first.  He wanted to look down but he couldn't tear his eyes off of Dean’s face, how it contorted in pleasure. Those beautiful green eyes slowly disappearing the more blown out his pupils became. It was too much and too little at the same time, his body shaking at the intensity of it and the attempt to hold off just a bit longer.  The fingers of his free hand gripped the back of Dean’s hair, keeping their foreheads pressed together as they panted and groaned against each other's mouths. His hand that was gripping them sped up, Castiel’s thumb dragging over Dean’s slit just to hear more of those amazing sounds.
“Hm, Bobby’s boys, well, welcome to The Castle!  Ronnie here will show you were to set down your packs,” Rufus said with a nod, “I’ll work on getting these supplies together.”
“Sorry if I woke you,” he said as Samandriel gestured for him to follow into the kitchen.  Samandriel had cooking pans and ingredients all over the counters.
“Mmm, yes it would, I’m sure your fans will hate me though,” he teased, knowing full well that Dean’s fans actually loved him.  He kissed at Dean’s neck and pulled back a bit, “I’m gonna jump in the shower,” he said, invitation to join clearly in his tone.
“Well shit, this is somethin’ our people outta know about,” Dean said quietly, as he turned to his best friend. “I know that suggesting The Institute was behind all this isn’t going to be a welcome idea among most people, but I think if anyone would understand, it would be Uncle Bobby. We’ll start there.”
“Lee, if she gets upset I’ll understand that you’ll pick her,” he said quietly.  Leeloo felt as if she was hit in the stomach with a boulder. She hated the distance between them on a regular day but right then she was furious that she was so far away from him.  That broken, hurt look on his face was too much and it no longer mattered to her about her own pride, she’d talk to Rhiannon before the end of the day and get this all resolved. Caleb being hurt because of this was no longer okay.
“Momma said there were different variations…” Kenton said, breaking the comfortable silence around them.  Charlie nodded and then smiled over at her mate.
“Well thanks for the heads up, Cas,” Dean muttered under his breath, only Benny was able to hear him. Now he guessed he just had to hope that Cas wouldn’t let them get chased out of town.
“Shut up.  Bobby gave me the task of fixing up several things for this run a week ago and I finally got them working.  C’mon,” he said leading the two of them through the house to the workshop. It was a mess but it was
Castiel didn’t lift his head, shame, regret, and guilt slammed into him, making him stagger, “They didn’t just say it once….I-I started to believe it.  I mean...why else would a man like him be even remotely interested in...
“Of course but I get the feeling now isn’t one of those times,” she said with a quirked brow.  Castiel nodded, the flutter of nerves in his belly going a bit crazy. There was a warm hand on his and he sighed.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry.  You know I can’t resist.  Listen, I actually called to tell you I’ll probably be here late tonight.  Inventory,” he said. Hael nodded, quickly glancing over at their calendar on their bedroom wall.  Sure enough in big bright pink letters was the word Inventory with a scowly face drawn right next to it.
Benny nodded following Dean across the room to the girl who was bobbing her head to some music no one else could hear.
he’d had to look away. Dean pushed down the bitter feeling in his stomach and turned back the way he came. He’d barely made it out of sight when he ran straight into Benny nearly knocking them both over.
would take that thing out,” MacCready answered, his eyes wide with disbelief at the thing in front of him. No wonder the monsters were tearing up the gardens, hell they might not have even meant to at that size. It could squash him like a bug.
“Not until I’ve said what you obviously need to hear,” she said, tugging his sleeve until he followed. As she pulled him across a grassy area, Amara kept her calm as much as possible. She didn’t want to draw even more attention to them. “I don’t know what happened to you Castiel, because you won’t talk to Dean, you won’t even talk to me but I know
fight the way you do. And I’ve seen a lot of sparring and target practice.” Dean sighed in relief now that the battle was over. Hopefully, all of Cas’ people came out okay, they did one hell of a job keeping them safe, that’s for sure.
And because I’m obsessed with Tom Payne, he’s my inspiration for Pogue.  Not even gonna say sorry for that one lmao!
“I go wherever you go, at least that’s my new plan until you get sick of me,” he grinned, kissing softly at Cas’ lips.
“What?  He’s a little shit like you,” Benny snickered, elbowing Dean in the chest, “That and I’m pretty sure it was his way to get rid of us so he can talk to Cas,” he said, nodding in their direction.
Benny gave MacCready a little questioning look but shrugged, something was going on between him and Castiel and if he needed a moment then Benny would give it to him.  He quickened his steps and clapped a hand on Dean’s back, “C’mon,” he said with a huge smile.
Castiel was suckered to Dean’s side as he drove down the long drive and found himself smiling ear to ear when he saw the mass of cars already there.  He recognized each of them right away but the best one was Sam’s Dodge Charger, a vehicle that made Dean cringe down to his bones.
“If it makes you feel better I fell asleep at the kitchen table last night,” Castiel grunted.  Samandriel shook his head as he cracked a few eggs into his skillet.
At first, he thought Cain was messing with him but after a beat, he realized his brother wouldn’t do that.
“You are brilliant, maybe not in a bookish way like you say I am but you are so incredibly smart that your wit stuns me on a daily basis.  Intelligence isn’t only based on the merits of education. You can fix some of the most complicated things with your hands without even breaking a sweat.  You’re strong, brave and know how to be gentle with someone like me. You’re an amazing man Dean Winchester and I won’t hear anything otherwise so stop comparing,” he said with a lifted brow.
“RJ!  Knock it off, both of you!” Castiel yelled, trying to shove MacCready away from Dean but found himself getting pushed away instead.  They were all standing so close he wasn’t sure who moved him exactly.  All he was sure of was that the motion caused a sharp cramp to erupt in his side.
“Need to speak with Samandriel about something,” he answered taking the mug back.  Keelie raised her brow, her hands going back into the soil.
Finally!  It is finished!  I told you this story was a beast, and this is after cutting out A LOT.  Hope you all enjoyed it as much as we did writing it!
“Well I guess that’s my cue,” Dean said. The agitation and worry of the unknown was a familiar feeling in his stomach but the sight of Cas so stressed out just seemed to make it worse. Whatever it was, he wasn’t sure he could handle it at this rate. He’d never seen Cas scared but even when they were curled around one another in bed the night before, Dean could tell something was on his mind.
Castiel laughed through his tears and nodded, holding his hand out, “Yes, Dean,” he said and trembling so hard Dean had a hard time getting the ring on his finger.  Once it was snuggly past his knuckle he tackled his new fiance, “They weren’t failed, I would have said yes each time,” he whispered, hugging around Dean as tightly as he could.
“You-” Dean paused, a small giddy laugh escaping his lips. “You’re beautiful and awesome and I just-God Cas, I-” The words started to get caught in his throat. He knew it was stupid, to feel so strongly about someone he’d known for such a short amount of time but he did. It wasn’t just the deep blue eyes, chiseled jaw, and tightly toned body that drew him in but Cas was fucking amazing. He was one of the best fighters Dean had ever seen, he was brave and strong, he wanted so badly to help everyone, and he did a damn good job of it.
There was a long black piece of metal ahead, that had surely seen better days, but it called to him and Dean moved closer. He’d barely crawled behind the thing before something opened fire on him and gunshots were ringing in his ears.
Castiel stepped towards the family room only to turn around and watch Dean for a moment.  An excited thrill went through him as his lips stretched up into a huge smile. He had a
He was running out of the normal, run of the mill plans for a date, so he had to wade into the murky backwater recesses of the internet and find something he could use.
“We need to get word back to camp,” Dean said, though he agreed with Castiel that Benny shouldn’t be moving any more than absolutely necessary. “I’ll find something, rig you up a stretcher, carry you on my back if I have to. Though, I might consider putting you on a diet five minutes into the trip.”
“And how am I supposed to trust you!  What if you’re lying just to make me feel better!” Brady all but screamed, his voice breaking here and there.  It reminded Dean of just how young Brady really was. He let Brady pace around the room, waiting for the kid to get tired, which he did and slumped back down in his window seat.
“Nothing happened, Castiel. Stop trying to do that weird thing where you stare at me until you can see into my head or something. I just want out of it, that’s all… it was just a little fun.” he lied, his heart clenched tightly in his chest as he did so.
“I dunno, we were fighting, and then Castiel grabbed his side, and Dean fell under him to keep him from hitting the ground too hard and the next thing we know there’s blood...gotta find the doc, Cas can’t lose that baby, it will kill him…” he said, fear twisting hard in his gut. He hated the thoughts of anything going wrong but he knew Pam was going to be a long way off, but actual healers and doctors were rare and not every settlement had one.
Castiel smiled up at him and nodded, “I’ll tell you about it some other time, not now though.  Now, I just want to enjoy this,” he said with a hum, turning back to devour the rest of his food.
Castiel blushed, his face ducking down as if Dean was in the room and voiced it out loud.  His eyes raised to stare at his books and chewed on his lip. He could afford a little bit of time for a break.
Castiel blew out a breath and opened his eyes, everything had stopped spinning and colors were no longer muddled together, “I’m okay,” he said softly, moving away from the wall.  Their hands were still clasped together and he wondered if he should try to let go. Though when he tried Dean squeezed his fingers.
“K,” Dean muttered, feeding his own desire to never, ever, move again. Though he knew eventually one of them would drag the other out of bed. The meeting they had scheduled was far too important to postpone, but he let them both live in the fantasy a bit longer.
I uh work odd jobs,  I help Ellen out at the Roadhouse when she needs it, work part-time as a mechanic and um, I occasionally get called in as backup down at the firehouse.
Castiel blushed furiously and tried to duck his face again though Dean wouldn’t let him.  The grip on his chin was firm but still gentle, the pad of his thumb brushing along his jawline.  Castiel completely forgot about the mask on his face as he leaned in, brushing their lips together.  The brush of their lips sent chills down his spine that turned into a snort of laughter when he tried to pull away, their masks sticking together.
Castiel licked the chocolate and peanut butter off his fingers and groaned, “I’m going to make myself sick,” he laughed, pouting as he pushed the plate away from himself to keep from eating his sixth cookie.
Brady swallowed and nodded, “Did she get a funeral at least?” he asked.  Dean blew out a breath and nodded.
The factory was huge, with three stories and two sub-basements.  Bobby had been right about the mirelurks.  The entire place was infested with them.  Thankfully one of the more surely Minutemen, Rhonda somehow managed to score a flamethrower and Castiel got first dibs on it.  It was about two days when they deemed the place completely clear, searching every nook and cranny for lingering mirelurks, their babies, and any nests they had been building.
There wasn’t really an answer but with a quick kiss at his lips, he knew where Benny was heading. He walked closer toward the edge of town half pissed, half worried when he realized Castiel had ventured outside the protection of The Castle walls all on his own. Thankfully he found him not too far from the edge of the city, a steady stream of tears on his cheeks.
this Dean,” he said, getting his hand back where it had been traveling before.  Before Dean could utter another sound, Castiel gripped the base of his cock and both of them moaned, “You...you are much bigger than I thought,” he said.
“Twin, I’m gonna need you to stop, right there,” Keelie scolded.  Castiel frowned at her and then the color drained from his face. He hadn’t been aware he was broadcasting all of this to her and the tea along with lunch swirled dangerously in his stomach.
He swallowed hard and his arm reached out to silently stop Benny in his tracks. “Weapons,” he whispered as quietly as possible, before quietly unsnapping his gun, though with the size of those things he wasn’t sure it would help. They’d need something bigger, thankfully Benny had a good amount of ammo left in his sniper rifle.
Henry closed up his notebook and rose from his seat as did the others.  There was a buzz in his pocket that had flutters go off in his chest. He was hoping it was from a certain person but he was trying very hard to not get his hopes up.
“Yes...and no.  I’m fairly confident that they’ll shoot just...probably not where you want them to.  I’m sorry Benny, I know you wanted to try them out,” Sam said with a frown. A hand squeezed his shoulder and he sighed.
Castiel sat up and frowned, “What are you two doing out here anyway?” he asked getting to his feet and walking over.
Dean had read the same line about eight times when he finally grunted and groaned, pushing the book across the table. It wasn’t working, no matter how hard he tried to focus on something else, the image of Cas’ tear-stained face, the fear in his voice when he’d begged Dean to forgive him, it was all there, playing on repeat in his mind.
Cain didn’t look at his phone when it went off, it was sure to be Dean bitching about his beer, but he didn’t give a rat’s ass. He’d planned to take off, get out of the house for a while but he decided maybe it wouldn’t be such a great idea to leave, not after having downed pretty much an entire twelve-pack anyway.
He wasn’t sure how long they stayed like that, if he was even awake for most of it but Dean never once let him go.  Castiel never felt more safe with someone other than MacCready but this was a whole new bracket. MacCready kept him physically safe, Dean was taking care of and protecting his already fragile heart.
“Cas…” Dean said, reaching out to tilt his chin up so that he could see those gorgeous blue eyes. “Since the first time I saw you, I knew that as long as you’d have me, I’d never want anyone else.”
“Are...are you sure?” Castiel asked, eyes going wide and wet yet again.  The number of times he'd cried in front of Dean already was almost humiliating but he couldn't deny how good it felt to have Dean cup his face and wipe the tears away with a soft brush of fingers.  If Dean was willing to stay here with him then Castiel was more than willing to try for him, to go to Sanctuary Hills and meet Dean’s family.
Amara bit her lip, thinking about inviting him into her bed seemed like an excellent idea, but she strangely wondered if one of them would lose interest once the playful flirting became something else.
Hael hurried into the house, her jacket and purse finding their way onto the floor as the house phone rang for the fifth time.  She snatched at it and brought it to her ear as her voice was a bit breathless, “Hello?”
“Ahh, well now that makes sense…” Dean trailed off. It was understandable that MacCready was worried about it all, not to mention that Cas hadn’t told any of them. Dean honestly couldn’t get a read on the man but he figured at least part of his attitude was due to the fact that Cas had kept it a secret. “He just wants me to keep an eye on you, and I’m glad I know but Cas...I drowned my sorrows another way but I could have made the same choice just as easily if I’d had the access.”
“And?  MacCready and I have cleared out factories, towns and plenty of other infested areas with just the two of us,” Castiel said and leaned forward a bit, “We’ll clear it out, draw up the plans for a rebuild and get the Castle back to the way it was before the bombs tore it apart.”
Benny laughed, “Oh yeah, he’s waitin for you surprise attack him any day now,” he grinned leading the way back to the main house.  Castiel was standing up on the steps his face tight with some kind of determination while MacCready stood to his left and that girl Hannah on his right. Benny figured she was his advisor of sorts, she was sweet, quiet but Benny knew that woman had a mean right hook.  Watching her during MacCready’s training session had taught Benny a very valuable lesson. Don’t fuck or underestimate
Benny nodded absentmindedly.  Things were quiet, almost too quiet.  In the distance, if you listened hard enough the sounds of gunshots echoed through the trees but other than that, there was nothing.  It was eery and made his stomach twist painfully. Something didn’t feel right. He looked around again, ignoring Dean’s chatter as he brought his rifle out, cocking the gun as he moved a little closer to Dean.
attracted to him,” he explained softly.  Leeloo searched his face and nodded slowly, her head turning a bit.  He followed her gaze over to Rhiannon and Caleb. The two of them were close, arms wrapped around each other and smiling softly as they engaged in a conversation with Oz.
“Hey there, bud.” Dean wasn’t quite sure that the kid would answer him, not that he minded. They’d get there eventually. Most kids were shy at first, though it had been a vast difference to the reaction he’d gotten from Krissy. Though he guessed, if anything, she was probably a little too bold.
“Kiddo, we understand.  Benny and MacCready were traveling with you...they had to know.  And Sammy...well...that’s a given,” Bobby chuckled, “This definitely complicates things though,” he sighed getting up from his chair to pace the room a bit.
“Everything alright?” Benny asked once he came around the corner. Dean nodded, swapping out the phone for a full plate that Benny was handing over.
Sure enough, not even a minute later there was a soft knock and then the door was being pushed open.  All five of their pups were standing in the doorway, a cake with several candles on the top was held by Leeloo.
“Mornin,” he said, sitting down across from Dean, Mary quickly joining them.  His leg “accidentally” kicked Sam as he sat down.
“Mmhmm, wanna try walking too.  Now don’t give me that look darlin, I need to get out of this room for five seconds.  You can drop me off at the steps if I can’t make it any farther...please?” Benny asked, giving the other man his best pout.
“I think I’ll take tonight off, from the blog I mean...I have an article I wrote a while back that I never published and it will be good to hang out, just the two of us,” he promised, squeezing softly at Cas’ hands that were wrapped around him.
“No such thing,” he answered, “You have no idea just how unbalanced the scales are with us, do you?” He felt Castiel still and Dean just held him tighter. “I’m the one who doesn’t deserve you, Cas….I’m- I’m just a dumb mechanic who took over his rich daddy’s shop. You-you’re smart and so fucking sweet, and you care about people. Fuck, you want to change the world, not just be part of it… I could work my ass off the rest of my life and I would still never compare to you.”
“They can go ahead and try,” Castiel said and kissed him again, “Now c’mon before we’re late,” he said, spinning on his heel to hurry out of the room.
“No.  It’s not about me.  It’s true that they are personally coming after me and they are targeting my people just because I simply visited their settlement.  The recent attack on The Slog was the worst I have ever seen.  There was no agenda to it, only to draw me out.  It didn’t matter to them or Samuel how many innocent people they killed in the process.  I don’t think it ever does.  So no, this isn’t about me.  It’s about the people I promised to protect.  I’m willing to stow my pride and ask one of the biggest groups in the Commonwealth for help.  The only thing I ask is that you follow through,” Castiel said.
Just as they were about to finish up a garish pink caught at the corner of his eye and Dean’s head snapped toward it.
Ellen was the only one who dealt with her, letting her nowhere near Sam’s workshop or their supply rooms.  Benny raised his hand in greeting to Ellen and made his way to the mess hall where he knew Dean would be. His best friend was sitting at a table with his mother and Sam, tucked in with a plate piled high with food.  Once he got close enough, a plate was pushed into his hands and he smiled at Mary.
Be sure to follow me on Tumblr at @bugandkitlove for behind the scenes information for this chapter!
“Just the stuff on the list kid,” Bobby said, “Now go on.  After you visit with Sam get to bed. You’re gonna need your rest.”
“I see you and Pogue are getting along,” she said with a wide grin.  Kenton flushed and playfully pushed her back.
“I need you too,” he whispered before surging forward again but this time he opened his mouth and let out a loud moan as Dean’s tongue pushed past his lips.
