They couldn’t relax yet, Dean reminded himself. They still had the Yellow Eyed Demon, Azazel, to kill. But for the first time in a long while, Dean could see the light at the end of tunnel. The end was closer than ever before.
“Cas, Cas, I wanna fuck you, babe, angel, please, please.” Dean’s back arched off the bed and his hips were bucking into Cas’ fist closed around his dick.
“We have a strict violence,” Principal Charles turned to Axel, “and no bullying policy. Both will receive lunch room detention and Friday Free time will need taken for three weeks.”
“Cas.” Dean breathed out. There his angel was, standing next to Baby. He still wore his trench coat and suit.
Emma eyed Cas but nodded. Dean let his daughter win, because some things were more important than winning. After that Emma and Cas began filling the entire menu with tic-tac-toe games. Then things went better. Cas asked about Emma’s school and soccer. Emma was slow to open up but by the time their pie had come his daughter was chatting up a storm.
Slowly Castiel wiggled another finger inside of Dean. Soon, he was scissoring his fingers and adding a third finger. Dean was babbling underneath him. Castiel had stopped touching his boyfriend’s dick because he had been too close to cumming.
Emma bounced the entire way to Baby to grab her backpack she was using as an overnight bag. Cas held Dean’s hand the entire way to Liz and Scott’s vehicle. Ever since Dean had met Emma he had a fierce protectiveness over her. The first time they had been separated for a night -Dean went to take care of a hunt his dad had sent him- he had had an anxiety attack. It had been so bad Bobby had to drive Emma down to him because Dean was in no condition to drive.
“You’re doing that shit here, ‘cause it’s not stinking up my Baby.” Dean grumbled, but tucked himself impossible further into Castiel’s side.
“Have we honestly already gotten to the point in our relationship where we have nothing to discuss but the weather?”
They left the fancy restaurant they had enjoyed their two year anniversary dinner at. Dean lead them through a field and a small patch of trees. When they stop, they’re winded and smiling brightly.
After two cups of punch Castiel lost all of his tension. The song switched to a slow one and couples began dancing, well more so awkward swaying but it still looked kinda nice.
They both gasped, breathing in the other’s CO2, as they broke a hair’s breath apart. “Really?” Cas mumbled.
He had actually tried to just accept that he’d never see the guy again. It had been roughly three months. Dean had yet to see the man anywhere other than a couple of wet dreams.
Dean rolled his eyes and decided to ignore his brother and eat his soup. Thoughts of dark blue eyes and dark brown hair fill his mind. Really, what was the harm in adding the stabbing mob boss into his spank bank?
“I thought you and Cas were going out for lunch?” Sam snatched a piece of crust and popped it in his mouth.
He wiggling one lubed finger inside of Dean. His boyfriend was tense so Castiel kissed his cheek. “You’re doing so good. Just relax for me, honey. Take a deep breath.”
Dean made it to the kitchen with the soul promise of coffee and food keeping him going. Only after he was half way through his second cup did he realize his kitchen was most likely bare from being gone for a month.
Dean wrapped a hand around his boyfriend’s bobbing erection and gave it a few pumps. Cas’ breathing turned even more hitched. That coil of heat was curling even tighter in Dean’s belly.
Cas continued fucking Dean, hitting his prostate almost consistently. Dean really wanted to make it last, but he was only human.
Dean couldn’t help it. He burst out laughing. Cas jumped and he glared at Dean. It was hard to take the glare seriously because, well Dean didn’t ever tend to take it seriously, but even less so now that the face behind it was a deep red and covered in food.
Dean had cuffs slapped back on him and was lead to phone mounted to the wall. Sam stayed in the cell. Dean was thankful he actually knew Cas’ number because how many people memorized anyone’s phone number these days?
“Dean, I can hear you overthinking.” Cas’ voice cut through Dean’s thoughts. “We’re just having dinner.”
The city flew by the dark windows. Sam had taken out his phone and was checking…something. Dean’s head was resting on his boyfriend’s shoulder.
Dean was still getting used to this open, vulnerable, and soft side of Castiel Novak. He wasn’t used to the affection. The most positive affection he got was of the sibling sort from his kid brother. So laying in bed next to a hot man who was looking at Dean like he was the only thing in the world and telling him how great he was…
Cas stopped talking to press his lips to Dean’s softly. He pulled away and brought a hand up to wipe at the fresh tears falling from Dean’s eyes. Then he continued.
“Please, I once made mac n cheese in a motel room covered in more blood and guts then the mold.” His stomach growled at the memory of the pasta.
“I don’t know what to tell you guys.” Charlie said through the phone Dean had on speaker tossed on the bed where Dean laid sprawled out. “There’s not a lot on this Castiel Novak guy. He got into the Angels when his brother Jimmy built up his debt. Jimmy’s been dead for about five years now. He grew up in Pontiac Illinois, moved here. Now he’s the head honcho. Since he’s taken over the Angels have been more efficient. There have been lots of anonymous donations to various organizations, such as ones supporting LGBTQ, poor communities, and anti human trafficking.”
Shit, Dean was waxing poetry. He needed to do something manly…like shove the next goon with a snake tattoo on his neck into a wall and knock him out with a single punch.
Dean got a middle finger in return that made the bundle of anxiety in his chest release. Cas kissed Dean’s cheek and Dean turned his head to gaze into those blue eyes he loved a ridiculous amount. However, his nose crinkled at the smell of hotdog breath that fogged over his nose.
He was reorganizing the kitchen. Cas had ran into the office for a few hours so Dean could get comfortable without it feeling too awkward.
The house looming ahead was just as he remembered from his short childhood and that one time it was haunted. It looked brighter now. Would it have looked like this if he had gotten to grow up in it or is this a heaven only kind of glow.
Before Sam could answer any of the questions swirling in his head, Dean and Cas snuck into the house quietly. They wore stupid smiles on their faces and their hair and clothes were more rumpled then when they left. The couple looked genuinely happy. Dean’s smile was soft and his eyes were bright.
“Diddja get me pie?” Dean asked as Sam placed a large palm on his head his lips were pierced as he gauged Dean’s temperature.
“To support the crumbling public school system the government isn’t giving enough money to.” Dean whispered while picking a bag of Doritos out of the potato chip pile.
“Dean,” Charlie groaned, Cas had forgotten she was there. The way Dean jumped, it seemed he had too. “I don’t feel good.”
“Yeah, he wanted to be exclusive or whatever.” Dean shrugged but immediately regretted the action. “I didn’t. He got kinda possessive even though we were never really a thing. It took a lot to get him to back off. Then Sam came back and that was that.”
“Sammy, you ever need me back here, if it’s ‘cause of a nightmare or you think the clowns are trying to come out of your closet, I’ll be here, no matter what, okay?”
“Cas, we do romantic shit all the time.” Dean turned around in Castiel’s arms. “We don’t have to go if you don’t want to.”
Sam had an hour or so before lunch so the break room was quiet. That was until his phone began to ring. Sam didn’t recognize the number but that didn’t mean anything so he answered it anyway.
Dean had a problem. Actually he had two problems: one was that he couldn’t stop checking his phone for messages from Cas and when he got them he couldn’t stop himself from replying right away -he had to make a no phones at the table rule; number two was that he and Cas were getting serious. They had been dating for a few months and both couldn’t get enough of the other.
Dean leaned his head in the crook of Sam’s neck. His brother hooked an ankle over Dean’s, and threw a palm over his chest to feel Dean’s beating heart. Sam’s own pulse thrummed against Dean’s temple.
“Yeah!” Emma cheered and Sam got situated next to her with her current Harry Potter book in his lap.
They exit the elevator, the lobby, and out into the street. The sun was half way through its descent in the sky, causing the buildings to cast looming shadows. Dean really hated the city. Horns blared and a thousand people chatted at once. It stank and there was never any good, safe parking for Baby.
“You seem to know our waitress well.” Cas really did try his best to hide his jealously, Dean found it adorable.
Dean didn’t find him that day either, nor had he texted. Castiel couldn’t convince himself that he was relieved.
Dean’s orgasm crashed over him. Cas was right behind him, crying out Dean’s name and painting their chests in cum.
With that the line went dead. Dean sighed and ran a hand through his hair. Fifteen minutes later Dean was dressed and thumbing through his phone as he waited. He had changed out of his sweats and Pink Floyd shirt and into a pair of jeans that may or may not made his butt look amazing and a plain black shirt with a flannel. If anyone said that Dean took a little longer fixing his hair than normal, well they’d wouldn’t be alive much longer to prove it.
Both brothers stood and left the room. Even after the office of Castiel Novak’s door was closed Dean felt cold blue eyes follow him all the way to the impala.
“Dude, I fucking swear if you don’t chill out I’m going to shave your head.” Dean snapped. “You’ll be the fucking hairless Sasquatch.”
“I get that Mom died, I’ve been there when someone you loves dies. That doesn’t give you any fucking excuse to drag your kids all over the damn country. It doesn’t give you the right to drink yourself shit faced and then take your anger and hurt out on me. But things were messed up way before that. You may have loved Mom but you had a weird way of showing it coming home drunk and all the fucking fighting. Then you’d be gone again for who knew how long, and it was me all over again to fix your mess.
Dean laid in the creaky motel bed as Sam was pacing a hole into the already well worn grotesque green carpet of their motel room. His fingernails had found their way to his mouth and the younger brother was chewing them down to the nubs. His other hand held the contract he was rereading for the tenth time.
Castiel couldn’t help but snort, he returned his attention back to his book. “What’re you snorting at?”
“Do you want me to give you the details for the job now or…” Sam asked Cas, clearly unsure what the rules were when your boss was in your house.
Dean had come up to him at lunch saying if Castiel still wanted to meet one more time before midterms they would have to go somewhere else because the library was hosting some sort of author book signing for kids. Castiel had ruled his house out immediately mentioned he had seven brothers and sisters. Dean’s eyes had widened comically and he had said it was fine for Castiel to come over to his house to study.
For once in a long while, Dean wasn’t the one comforting. He was being comforted. Unlike when his mom was alive he didn’t feel like he was looming over her. Dean felt three years old again, being wrapped in his mom’s arms because he just scrapped his knee on the playground.
Dean’s eyes bulge in panic. His eyes dart across the table to see Cas looking at him with amusement. Jo smirked before leaving again. Dean picked at the table sheepishly.
Castiel rolled a condom on to himself before lining up with Dean. He looked into those green eyes for two long seconds, then he slowly and smoothly slid inside of his boyfriend.
“Always with the innuendos.” Cas rolled his eyes and picked at the sauce stuck at the back of his hand.
The drive home was full of wandering hands, gasps, and groans. Dean was a little surprised he didn’t get pulled over in all honesty. He was having a difficult time keeping the impala straight. In his defense, he wasn’t.
In the mirror Dean watched the door crack further open and Cas come up behind him. Inked arms wrapped around Dean’s waist and dark hair tickled his nose as Cas’ face leaned against his neck. Dean admired his handy work as he eyed the dark marks decorating Cas’ skin.
Castiel caught Dean’s eye from across the warm kitchen. He mouthed ‘I love you’ and soaked in Dean’s adoring smile. Yeah, he wouldn’t have been able to picture his life now ten years ago, hell, probably not even five years ago. That being said he wouldn’t change it for the world.
“Nope, I got to watch Lilo and Stitch for the hundredth time and play a card game.” Sam sipped at his refilled glass.
“Please, Castiel.” Duma scoffed. “I practically gave you this house, I practically made you. I have a key.”
When he arrived he tugged open the cell door without any pretense. Gordon Walker sat strapped to a heavy metal chair bolted to the floor. Dean saw Gordon’s jaw stiffen at the sight of him. Dean smirked and walked up to the man until they were about a foot apart.
“What?” Castiel stared at Dean. His sweet boyfriend thought this was his fault. “Dean, I picked the fight. I was having a bad day and I took it out on you. I’m sorry.”
“Sorry, I choose life.” Castiel leaned down and kissed Dean chastely. Then he grabbed his boyfriend’s Han Solo boxers and tosed them in his face.
Dean’s back arched and hot cum hit both of their chests. Castiel fucked them through both of their orgasms. Then he slipped out of Dean and collapsed. After a few moments Castiel pulled off the condom and tied it close before setting it on to the floor. He’s pick it up later. Then he reached for the container of wet wipes Dean kept underneath the driver seat and began cleaning them up.
They began making their way out of the ghost town. Sam filled them in on the crazy that happened. Dean couldn’t believe how crazy their lives had become. People with superhuman abilities, demons, hell, it was all nuts.
Principal Charles turned to Emma. “I know they say mean things, but that doesn’t mean you get to hurt them. I don’t want to see you in here again for the rest of the school year.”
“Stop picking at those; they’re your favorite.” Sam batted at Dean’s hand. Yes, his brother was definitely a mind reader. “Cas is still going to love you after you move in.”
“This is your paradise as much as anyone else’s and you shouldn’t feel you have to avoid anyone. Besides I’m sure you would like to visit your mother.” Cas brought up their laced hands to kiss Dean’s knuckles.
“For a paper it’s fifteen dollars for an A, ten fifty if you want a C. If it’s just a homework assignment it will be ten dollars for an A and seven for a C plus.” Dean slammed his locker door shut and began walking away.
“Oh, yeah?” Dean leered and wiggled his eyebrows. “I don’t know if those kind of services are in the contract, but I think we can work something out.”
“Oh, right.” Dean had almost forgotten they couldn’t just ignore the fact they had been attacked again and needed to investigate. Bygones could never be bygones in their business. Then again they had almost killed Cas, so Dean was okay with some revenge. “So…”
“Garbage!” Sam was surprised she didn’t request poker, he didn’t know what garbage was but he was hopeful it wasn’t gambling.
“Ugh, this sucks.” Dean kicked at the dirt before continuing his pacing. He felt caged and claustrophobic and he fucking hated it.
Emma pretended to vomit, Sam did the same and they giggled. Dean rolled his eyes and adjusted his shirt sleeve.
“Hello, honeybee, what is it?” Castiel set his book down and patted the spot on the couch next to him. Emma hesitated before sitting.
Castiel took off his boots and left them in the entry next to Dean’s own converse. It left him oddly vulnerable to pad into Dean’s house in his bumblebee socks. Dean himself was wearing a pair of Batman socks.
“You two are the best in your line of work.” Castiel stated as if commenting on the weather and not their job that was killing people. Bad people, sure, but they all bled the same. “And I can’t have you working for my enemies.”
A thought struck him and Dean sighed again. Fuck, it was going to be a long while before Cas was going to fuck Dean again. Maybe he could persuade his boyfriend into trading hand jobs. It wasn’t like he could give anyone a decent blow with a broken nose. Then again it was Dean’s right hand that was broken so maybe he wasn’t in shape to do much at all.
Cas gave him a skeptical look before sighing. “I trust you.” The statement was heavy as fuck, but it soothed something inside of Dean anyways.
Castiel offered Dean his arm after they had gotten out of the car. Dean’s eyes widened behind his glasses when they walked into the sparkly school. It did look pretty cool, especially considering most of the decorations were from just about every other school dance.
Maybe he was biased or naive but Sam had a feeling his niece was going to turn out just fine, either way he was going to be there. They all would, because family didn’t end in blood, and that was all there was to it.
A moment passed in relative silence. Something was eating at Cas. This wasn’t unusual. Something was always eating Cas, given the circumstances it was understandable. This issue Dean had a feeling he could put to ease immediately.
“I’ve,” Dean took a breath. “I’ve never done this before, and I don’t want to mess it up ‘cause it’s not just me. I don’t want Emma to get hurt more than she already has and I just don’t know what’s supposed to be okay.”
“I win!” Emma cheered, breathless. Addie stuck her tongue out and poked Emma in the forehead in retaliation.
Once again, when the fuck did Dean actually have stuff to fill a room? Time was flying by. It almost seemed like yesterday Dean was dragging Sam back into the life to look for their dad.
“Okay.” Sam drawled, getting off the bed and slowly walking towards the door. “Hey, Dean I’m really happy for you.” Stupid little brothers and their stupid genuineness.
“You asked about me?” Castiel asked and Dean’s face had to be ducked into his beer to hide his blush. “I’ve only been hunting roughly two years and I haven’t come across too many other hunters.”
Something almost cracked in Dean’s chest. He pushed it down with a swallow. “Your uncle is spending a few days with a friend.”
Castiel kissed Dean’s hair as thanks before lighting up. A bee buzzed around them before landing on a flower. It was a fuzzy thing that wiggled to get the pollen on it’s back. Castiel admired it before it flew away, back home to its family.
“I know them! I’ve chatted with them at drop off, and Caroline knows them too.” Cas’ voice lost its fire and got icy cold. “You can’t keep me at arms length, Dean. If you can’t trust me maybe I should give you some space to figure out if you love me enough to let me in.”
“Okay, I’ll call.” Dean exhaled and grabbed the contract from Sam. He read through the four page contract before calling the number on the bottom and putting it on speaker.
“I’m fine! It’s fine!”Dean called too quickly before calming down. “The day I ask you for help in the kitchen will be the day Hell freezes over.”
“Thanks, but I think Cas has something to show me.” Dean ignored the looks of shock that surrounded him. He was in heaven it wasn’t like he couldn’t have pie whenever he wanted.
It wasn’t a question, but Dean felt he was supposed to answer it anyway. “Yeah, sunshine, he is, but we’re going to get him back.”
“She attacked me.” Cas must have read something on Dean’s face as he clarified. “I had been altering her orders and she called me into her office and went to stab me. Honestly, I don’t know why she didn’t just shoot me or something. Anyway, I didn’t just walk in and stab her in the eye, regardless what the rumors are saying.”
After they ordered Dean was able to get Emma to play tic-tac-toe with him. They played a few rounds when Dean spoke up. “How about Cas plays the winner of the next round huh?”
“You’ve seen a werewolf?” Dean must have exclaimed too loud because the woman next to him gave them a weird look. He lowered his voice but couldn’t keep the excitement out of it. “Like actually? That’s so cool.”
“It wasn’t right you made me hunt those dead nuns alone. I was seventeen and they were in love. You taught me there was something wrong with me for who I loved. It wasn’t right that you left me at Sonny’s when I got busted for stealing peanut butter and bread because you couldn’t leave enough money or show up when you were supposed to. It wasn’t right you just picked me up from there when it was convenient. It wasn’t right that I had to give fucking blow jobs in seedy bar bathrooms because I knew I couldn’t afford to get arrested again. It wasn’t right that I had to drop out of high school or not go to college. Speaking of it wasn’t okay for you to kick Sam out when he wanted to go. You never should have told me to kill Sam after you made him my entire worth and purpose.
“Oh my-“ Charlie looked close to strangling him. Castiel took a step back. “Did you ask Dean if he wanted to go?”
“No!” Dean exclaimed too loudly because Cas looked at him like he was crazy. “I mean I love having you here, Emma does too. So maybe you’d like to move in permanently. I mean you already have closet space, but now it’d be official.”
“Uh, isn’t it like a thing to you lose your virginity on prom night?” Dean asked, his face a deep scarlet and his fingers toying with the buttons on Castiel’s shirt.
Then he all but collapsed into his boyfriend’s arms. His tear stained face burrowed into the a sturdy chest. Cas took slow and deliberate breaths. He prompted Dean to copy him and it took a few hitched gasps, but eventually Dean’s body remembered how to breath again.
He ended up needing surgery for his arm. The bones needed to be pinned and bolted together. It was a quick surgery and Dean came to in a stark white room. His nose was set and a navy blue cast was encasing his arm. The cut on Cas’ face had a bandaid on, otherwise they were all as good as new.
Sam looked up to see Dean wearing a dark green button down and dark wash jeans. His older brother fussed with his hair using his reflection in the microwave. Sam hadn’t seen Dean this carefree in a while. The last few months had been filled with hunts and pure chaos. Dean was still struggling with the lost of their father, or more so their dad trading his life for Dean’s.
Dean took a glance over at Sam and found him dodging Viper’s knife. She was aiming for his brother’s ridiculously long torso and Sam was clearly trying his best not to get gut stabbed.
Dean was just stretching up to put the last bowl away when he felt a warm body press itself flat against his. Dean smirked and rolled his hips backwards.
“Yeah, E, lying, or even just not telling someone something they should know isn’t good. It always ends badly.” Sam smiled apologetically.
“I think my shoulder, but I’m okay.” Dean cupped Sam’s neck and looked into his eyes. He didn’t seem to have a concussion. “I’m okay.”
Their hands stay laced and they entered the house. Sam and Emma popped their heads up over the couch. Their eyes are wide and questioning. Dean and Cas were wearing twin smiles.
Dean couldn’t lie, Cas looked good in his clothes. His boyfriend opened the window a crack to try and air out the smell of sex. Dean didn’t need to go through another awkward talk with either of his parents, thank you.
“Thanks, why don’t you go over pack a bag. We’re going to be heading over to Grandpa Bobby’s soon.” Dean kissed his daughter’s forehead before heading outside.
“I think calling me dad too would get confusing.” Castiel said. “You can keep calling me Cas if you want, lots of kids call their step parents by their first name.”
“Why did he pick this one again?” Cas asked as he rolled his roller up and down the previously green wall.
Taking one of the first orders without any smart retort in a very long time, Dean came. Stars flashed across his eyes and his muscles clenched. It sent Cas over the edge and he was coming too. Dean opened his eyes just in time to see the eighth wonder of the world that was Castiel Novak coming undone. His eyes closed and his mouth flung open. It was the most amazing sight Dean had ever seen.
Needless to say the nurses soon rushed in because Dean had taken out the IV and launched himself across the room at his brother. He had been dispatched a half hour later.
“Right,” Jack nodded seriously. “John Winchester due to an error that must be righted you will be condemned back to hell.”
“Ask me!” Dean seethed. “She’s my kid, mine! You’re not her father, you don’t get to tell her what she can or can’t do.”
“‘Cause you tell people things when you’re in a relationship with them.” Dean shrugged. “I’m afraid of planes.”
“Well for starters we are standing in a very open crime scene.” Cas groaned out. “And given the history of the last twenty four hours we may not want to dally somewhere uncovered.”
“Of all the colors, Sam had to pick the one that needed three coats to get rid of the paint underneath.” Dean already had sprinkles of blue on his face, hair, and clothes.
They all stood in the aftermath. Dean didn’t know what to do. Shock was freezing his system. Then Mom broke it.
They slowly made their way down stairs. Cas’ arm was wrapped around Dean’s waist who was leaning on his boyfriend. Cas set Dean on the couch and returned within five seconds with a glass of water.
Together they began walking down the make shift aisle in the scrap yard. Fairy lights were strung across the wrecked cars and metal folding chairs bordered the two sides of the aisle filled with their loved ones. Dean did his best not to trip or cry as they walked, Ash standing at the other end because apparently he was certified or something.
It was date night, the first one Dean and Cas had had in a long time. Sam had jumped at the task of babysitting Emma for the night. Dean had been hesitant because of Sam’s visions but after a long talk, a lot of pleading, and some rated R convincing from Cas, Dean caved.
Dean flinched, afraid it was too obvious. Thankfully, from the corner of his eye he saw Cas just smiled. “You can put a chain through them and wear it as an necklace.”
“Then they aren’t worth it.” Dean said, running his hand through Sam’s long hair. “You hear me? We’re fucked up, both of us, but anyone who can’t handle it isn’t worth our time.”
Castiel groaned and well… one thing led to the next. Use your grown up brain to figure out the rest. Dean was pleasantly sore the next morning when he ducked out of Castiel’s motel room. He couldn’t help but admire the sleeping man in the bed, hair fluffed and a hickey decorating his neck. Against his better judgement, he left his phone number on a napkin laying on the table.
“Huh.” Sam hummed thoughtfully, clearly gearing up for his next topic. “So Castiel has a reputation.”
“Uh, usually I am, or at least a little, but I drew the short straw and am DD tonight.” Dean raised his cup. “Nothing but pop for me tonight.”
Dean’s hands gripped Castiel’s biceps before shoving the jacket off his shoulders. Castiel was quick to do the same for his own boyfriend as well as toss the bow tie that had been untied hours ago. Their lips stayed interlocked as much as physically possibly. Dean’s hands gripped Castiel’s shoulders before moving to his back before moving even further down to grip his ass.
Dean had rolled his eyes, because sadly no, he had not gotten laid. He was about to though. It had been three weeks since Dean and Cas’ first date and they were officially a couple. The mob boss had left for a meeting two days prior and had just returned. Dean had had plans to see his boyfriend anyway, maybe take him out to lunch or something and hope no one tried to kill them.
Dean looked up from his homework. Cas was sprawled out Dean’s bed. He had been paging through his worn paperback, now he seemed bored. Dean glanced back at his calculus and circled his answer.
“Can you read me a chapter?” Emma asked under her mountain of blankets and stuffed animals. “Please, uncle Sammy.”
A car honked and Dean pulled on his boots. He locked the door behind him and saw that the car sitting outside was a black SUV with borderline illegally tinted windows. There was a driver with aviators and an earpiece who got out and opened the back door for Dean. Rolling his eyes, Dean got in the car and took in the eyeful that was Castiel Novak in his usual three piece suit.
Dean’s eyebrows skyrocketed. Was Cas really going to ask? The mob boss was rarely at a loss for words so seeing him stumble was great. Cas made an annoyed gesture and pointedly continued on the bullet hole. Dean snorted and took pity on him.
By the time he had finished cleaning up the mess he made he began cleaning the rest of the kitchen. Only an hour later the sound of the front door opening made Dean freeze.
“Fine, it was good.” Dean smiled down at his boots he was in the middle of tugging off. “Really good.”
“You’re so hung up on that.” Sam sat on the other end of the couch, pushing Dean’s feet to the footrest. “It’s not like you’re a boy-scout.”
After talking with Emma, who was super excited about the idea, Dean pulled Cas outside after he got home from the hunt. The dark haired man seemed confused, and a little scared. It took the pressure off of Dean’s shoulders if only a little bit.
About ten minutes later he was entering the giant house. Cas had texted him saying to just come on in. The house was unnaturally cold. There were marble floors and stiff looking paintings and statues sparsely decorated the place from what Dean could see.
Lips captured Dean’s. Each kiss was as amazing as the last. They had to be laced with something because he couldn’t seem to get enough. Cas manhandled Dean around and walked him backwards until the back of Dean’s knees hit the edge of the bed.
The tension in the room and Dean’s strained erection wouldn’t allow for anymore ogling so Dean shoved his own pants off and removed the rest of his clothes. Cas’ eyes immediately locked on the little tattoo on Dean’s hip.
“Emma, Axel has already told us his story.” Principal Charles talked over Sam and successfully stopped his rebuttal. “Why don’t you tell us your side?”
They played their round, Emma won, and they clean up their nest and put the cards away. Then Sam escorted Emma up to her room with a glass of water. She curled herself under her four blankets, even with the summer heat Emma insisted she have all her blankets. Sam helped her arrange her stuffed animals so they were facing the door and any monster that would come through -not that Sam, Dean, or Cas would ever let that happen.
“Believe it or not, Dean, some people are willing to pay for guaranteed quality service.” Castiel was staring at Dean like he was debating why a little insect was snapping at him.
“Yeah, your Dad is smart, isn’t he?” Sam smiled. He had hated when Dean worshiped their father and made him a hero, but when Emma did it it didn’t bather Sam. Maybe it was because he thought Dean was a good dad, or he still had a hero worship thing about his big brother. “School isn’t for everyone. Different people like and are good at different things. Just because someone doesn’t get good grades doesn’t mean they’re stupid.”
Then Cas rammed into him and Dean forgot everything. There was nothing but rough thrusts and kissing between heavy breaths. It was perfect. Dean’s hands gripped Cas’ shoulders while his boyfriend’s hands held his hips in the same bruising hold.
“Dean, are you ready?” Cas came down the stairs dressed equally nice in a navy dress shirt and black dress pants.
Cas cleaned him up and pulled his jeans and underwear up for him like the gentleman he was. Dean gave him a quick kiss to the corner of his mouth as thanks. Together they put Cas’ desk back in order before walking hand in hand out of the office. People pretended not to stare as the couple made their way through the halls. Dean couldn’t help but smirk at the vultures, most of them were jealous. He was Cas’ and Cas was his, so they could stare all they wanted. The only thing they were going to get was a good look at their necks covered in hickeys and their hands linked together.
“Yes, it is my car.” Castiel affirmed. “I’m saving up for a new one.” Not that he was doing a very good job at it.
Cas moving in with Emma and Dean had been an accident more or less. The dark haired hunter had been around a lot and had even had watched Emma for a night or two. Dean loved coming home to the house both his boyfriend and his daughter were in more than he liked to admit.
“I just know you can do this stuff.” Dean sighed, his shoulders losing their tension. “You’re smart. I hate when you say you can’t do something.”
The ride home was quiet. Sam was lost inside his own head wondering how to handle this. Emma, in the backseat with her head pressed to the window, was also quiet. Sam’s first priority was to call Dean when he got home. His brother would know what to do, and Sam knew he had to tell his brother what happened.
“A gag gift from Gabriel for my birthday.” Cas said mournfully. Dean made a mental note never to tell the Angel’s best undercover agent his birthday.
Just as he went to swing himself out of the bed, a hand shot out and grabbed his wrist. Cas’ eyes were still closed, but he had an iron tight grip on Dean and a displeased look on his face.
Emma explained the basic card game to Sam. It was a simple game that didn’t require a lot of strategy. Emma told Sam she learned it in school and Dean and her would play a lot on weekends. She won the first round and Sam won the second. What? He didn’t believe in letting the kid win, she could do so just fine on her own.
Dean was trying not to hover from his place in the kitchen. He was making dinner, or at least pretending to as he watched Emma and Cas in the living room from the corner of his eye.
“I don’t need a hospital, we’ve got bigger problems.” Sam shook his head. “We’ve got a sling somewhere I can-“
“Eh.” Dean’s toast popped up and he smeared a healthy amount of peanut butter on it. “Don’t judge a book by its cover, or how a mob boss kills people. Got to be more open minded, Sammy.”
Sam liked to think he was a patient person, a patient brother, but he was one second away from strangling the one and only Dean Winchester.
“It’s time sensitive. I’ve emailed you and your brother the details.” Cas rolled out of bed, causing Dean to glare. He threw a pillow at the mob boss. “Stop acting like a melodramatic toddler and I’ll make it up to you.”
“Fuck, babe.” Dean set the pie down on a clean spot on the counter. “I didn’t think we were going to do food play for our first time. I’ve got to say red sauce doesn’t really do it for me.”
The elevator dinged open and they stepped out into an office. It had been years, and Dean hadn’t even ever been in this one specific office, but Crowley looked the same. Actually, that wasn’t true. The man had more grey in his hair, but other than that he was a spiting image of ten years ago. The sight of the man behind the desk made Dean want to travel back in time and hit his past self in the face. Hard. Memories flashed in his mind and Dean wanted them all gone.
Dean squeeze his eyes shut tightly before continuing. “It-he got so close. If I hadn’t had my knife on me…anyway.” Dean shook his head. “I got away, ran all the way home while trying to tug my pants back up.”
Sam thought for a moment. He then refilled his whiskey glass and thought again. “What are you going to do after this?”
“You know Bobby, this is Jack my adopted kid who is God now, and this is Cas my…”Angel? Best friend? Boyfriend? Oh what the hell, go big or go home. “The love of my life.”
“Thought that wasn’t your thing?” Gabriel’s sucker switched from one side of his mouth to the other.
“Maybe we should only go for a week.” Dean brought a hand up to his mouth to chew at his fingernails.
The drive home was quick, Cas lived surprising close, only about fifteen minutes away. Dean tried to sneak into the house as quietly as possible, not wanting to see his brother’s smug face or answer his girly questions.
“No, actually, it’s a weapon if you try to change your mind.” Dean quirked up a smile. Then he quickly backtracked. “I mean, it’s fine if you have, but I’m keeping the coffee then-“
“Better than yours.” Dean smirked, but he looked worryingly at the whiskey Sam had sitting in front of him. “I see you didn’t fall victim to the beauty parlor game again.”
“I’ll see you at six thirty.” Another soft kiss and Cas was brushing past Dean. “Oh, and don’t touch yourself, or there will be consequences and I will know.” Then the mob boss was out into the hallway before disappearing completely.
A finger began working its way inside of him. “Oh, shit fuck, Cas!” Dean was embarrassingly close to cumming. He was actually thankful when Cas tightly encircled the base of his cock and held it for a moment. It was just what Dean needed to calm down.
“It’s not what I’m not worried about.” Dean grumbled and earned himself a kick.  “Fine, geez, I might, maybe, not want to leave you, or have you...”
Dean was out for another week before he was feeling back to his old self. Sam took a few jobs and kept him up to date on the happenings at the office. Not that much of the happenings concerned them anyway.
Castiel’s bright, giddy smile had turned dopey. The car made a loud bang from something knocking around in the engine. Castiel flinched at the loud noise and glanced around, no one seemed to have heard, so before his car could catch on fire, he made his way out of middle class suburbia.
The impala was shifted into park and Dean was leaning over and kissing Cas, long and slow. Dean pulled Cas closer so they were as close as they could get sitting in the front seat of the impala. His boyfriend, no fiancé, his fiancé pulled away to kiss at Dean’s cheeks, nose, forehead, neck. He couldn’t help but laugh. Cas sat back and smiled at Dean. It was a moment he wanted to freeze forever, just press pause and live right there forever.
Now one of the many great things about sex was its ability to make Dean sleep. He was a raging insomniac on the worst nights, but sex always knocked him right out.
“What are the consequences?” He was careful not to touch his niece even though he badly wanted to pull her into his side and physically remind her she was safe and loved.
“It’s good to see ya, Cas, but I’ve got a bone to pick with you.” Bobby stood from the chair and walked over to them.
They enjoyed their food in a comfortable silence for a while. Dean couldn’t seem to keep his eyes away from Cas for more than a few seconds.
The ride to the hospital was quiet. Cas was using one hand to type manically on his phone in the back seat with Dean. The other hand was combing through Dean’s hair as blue eyes kept a murderous  glare pierced his phone screen.
Dean didn’t have a retort to that. At least, not anything that wouldn’t sound like a Sam when he was trying to find an excuse to get Dean to eat a salad: ridiculous and the definition of grasping for straws. Instead he focused on keeping the car on the road and not crashing into the ditch. He would never hear the end of it from Cas or his brother if he did.
He turned the music down to an acceptable level as he got closer to the house. Dean waited for “Don’t Blame Me”, yes, Taylor Swift naturally came after his AC/DC tape, to finish before turning the impala off and heading inside.
“I have access to your medical records, Dean. I am aware you carry no sexual deseases.” Cas smiled softly, even though Dean was kinda killing the mood.
The door slammed behind them. The old house shook in protest. Dean didn’t care. Cas’ eyes were blazing and jaw was tight. Dean most likely looked very similar.
Sam had ran his hand through his hair for the thousandth time in the last five minutes. It was really starting to get on Dean’s nerves. He was nervous enough already, he didn’t need his little brother’s nervous ticks raising his anxiety even further. Dean grit his teeth as Sam once again untangled his hair between his fingers.
“Yes, I see that.” Cas said as if he too had just noticed. “Is this your way of letting me down easy?”
Dean glanced at Cas who was standing by the window. His phone was still in his hand. Blue eyes were staring intently at the screen as if read something.
“Yeah, I’m fine.” Sam shook his head, and with it the expression fell from his face. He looked tired. “Just thinking this was a close one is all.”
“Shut up, bitch.” Dean laughed and tugged a strand of his brother’s hair. “And while we’re on the subject, what about the girl, Eileen, at the last job? She was checking you out, man.”
“There’s something I think may be another ghost in New Jersey.” Cas said as he put on his shirt. “Want to check it out?”
“No, I…” Dean wasn’t sure what he  wanted just that he didn't want to sit in the quiet and be forced to face the screaming in his head.
“That,” Sam said and Dean almost jumped again. He had forgotten his brother was sitting there. “That was the most disgusting and painful thing I’ve ever seen, and I’ve seen tortures.”
With an exasperated sigh, Dean went to roll out of the bed. The arm around him tightened. If Dean was in this position with any other person he would have pushed away forcefully. This was Cas, he had a power over Dean that he didn’t know the full depth of.
Finally, Dean got tired of beating around the bush. He just wanted to take the jump. So he took her out for ice cream. It was maybe a little chilly to be sitting out on the patio of the local ice cream shop, but Emma didn’t seem to mind.
He watched Dean go to unlock the impala and freeze. Show time. Castiel stomped out his cigarette and crossed the parking lot.
Dean lead Castiel through a hallway full of shoes in disarray and coats in varying degrees of hung up on the hanger. Next was the living room where Sam laid sprawled out on the couch with a book in one hand and Batman playing on the television.
“You already spend a lot of time here, and I don’t really want you to leave, and…yes. I would like it if you moved in with me.” Cas seemed to get more confident the more he talked.
Turning, Dean definitely did. Cas was wearing his normal dress pants and shoes, but he had lost his navy suit jacket and tie and was down to a white dress shirt. The top two buttons were undone and Dean almost drooled at the small amount of chest exposed. He seriously needed to heal so he could get railed by the sexy mob boss- or rail the sexy mob boss but he had a feeling Cas was a total top and Dean wasn’t going to complain.
“I have a confession.” Castiel blurted out before he could chicken out. “I was never failing physics.”
One night Dean woke up screaming and covered in sweat. Some jerk yelled at him to shut up. Dean didn’t pay him any attention. The older Winchester was trying too hard to catch his breath and remember where he was. Still in the cage.
Dean kept his head down and crawled over to the driver’s seat. He began fumbling for the fuse box. Their driver was clearly MIA so they were on their own for a dramatic escape. Cas had his own gun drawn from God knows where because that suit was way too form fitting to hide much.
Mind made up, Dean plopped down on the couch with a melodramatic sigh. “Cas asked me to move in with him.”
“Huh, uh.” Castiel’s brain fumbled. He had prepared for some small talk. Wasn’t that what people tended to do? “Mostly the word problems.”
He had gone in to get food. Dean had lost sight of him for less than five minutes and he was gone. In the span of less than five minutes Dean had failed Sam. In turn he had failed his dad who had given him the mission to watch after Sammy. He had failed his daughter who had grown to love and rely on her uncle. He ha-
Cas didn’t answer, instead he took one of Dean’s hands and guided it down to his ass. Dean was confused, but hey, he wasn’t going to say no to touching his boyfriend’s ass.
“Well I’m flattered, but I’ve already bottomed once so maybe-“ Dean’s comment was kicked out of him, literally, by a boot to the ribs.
With the risk of ruining things, Dean was hesitant to admit how good everything had been. The last year of dating, even the last two years of knowing Castiel Novak had been the best of his life. The Winchesters had enough money to live comfortably. They had a home that wasn’t on four wheels. Dean was in love. Dean had even seen a woman they had worked with that had made goo goo eyes at Sam. Maybe there was something there for his brother…
“Fifteen million a year each plus commission.” Sam and Dean’s faces remained carefully schooled. “You would keep the right to refuse jobs, but given your history I doubt we will have that problem. You will need to take up a permanent residence within a twenty mile radius from this building. Here is your contract.” Castiel pushed a packet of paper across the table and Sam snatched it up. “Feel free to take and examine it. If you make the decision to work with us you may call the number at the bottom of the last page. You have twenty four hours to make your decision. If you have no further questions you are dismissed.”
Dean watched Cas stretch. He was rewarded by getting a view of the dress shirt riding up and exposing a toned stomach and delicious hip bones. Hmm. The pain in his shoulder reminded him that Cas would not approve of any sexy times for the foreseeable future. Damn.
Dean barred his teeth at her. He tried his hardest not to flinch as a manicured nail traced his cheek bone. He heard Cas growl. “You know me, can’t mind my own business.”
“You’re the best, honeybee.” Dean smiled, some of the anxiety leaving his chest. “You might want to hurry, these guys keep looking at me like their first porno mag.”
“Your boy toy won’t be harmed if he can learn to behave himself.” With that all hope drained from Cas’ face. Yeah, Dean was screwed.
He heard Cas chuckle before joining him under the covers. Dean shuffle until his head was resting on that broad chest and a steady heartbeat thumped against his cheek. Cas began running his hand up and down Dean’s back, his fingers drawing words across his back.
Sam was at the library doing his nerd shit, maybe trying to fight off the elderly librarian: old ladies loved Sam, it was really funny. Cas was busy at the office all day. Charlie had finals to study for.
With the blessing Sam and Emma darted out of the building. Thankfully the devil child and his mother were gone, so they were able to reach the safety of Sam’s old Dodge Charger in peace.
Dean did ask he said and visibly relaxed. Castiel pumped his boyfriend’s dick while moving his finger in and out of his clenched hole slowly. It was nice and Castiel was aching to get inside of him but it was a manageable ache. Dean let out little breathy pants and groans while he bit his lip.
“It’s not-“ Dean sighed, his thumbnail fell away from his mouth. “I just haven’t left her for this long since…before we got you back. It’s been months. I don’t want her thinking I’m leaving or going back to hunting.”
Sam hadn’t been expecting to like working at the auto shop as much as he did. He hadn’t been expecting to hate it but not to loved it. The numbers and the math with the decisions that need to be made fueled his brain, and there was always something to learn about cars. The whole building smelt of car oil, gas, and leather. It reminded him of his brother, or long weekends at Bobby’s.
Castiel was never going to college. The strictness of the school environment was not for him, Dean understood that. That being said, Dean wouldn’t let him drop out. Castiel figured as long as he had his boyfriend, he could make it through the high school. As long as Dean kept believing in him, he may as well prove everyone else wrong.
Twin groans sounded through the room as Cas bottomed out. The dark haired man was hot and tight around him, clenching experimentally. Dean was careful to hold himself still as his boyfriend adjusted. He really couldn’t complain too much, the view above Dean was jaw dropping.
He almost called her down, to get her feet back on the ground so gravity couldn’t have its way with her. Then he remembered Sam and him climbing the same car piles when they were younger. They never got too hurt just a few scrapes and bruises that kids got all the time. Sighing, he began climbing the pile.
“Great.” Caroline beamed, teeth flashing in a flirty way that made Sam blush. “I know a great place.”
“Sickos.” Dean usually didn’t feel comfortable about killing woman. Call him sexist or whatever it just didn’t sit well with him. This Viper chick was found guilty on multiple accounts of murder, sexual assault, and rape. Some of those cases had been with minors. With that in mind, go gender equality! Every bitch and dick bag alike gets to die painfully.
“Uh, it was being called, p, pre-“ Dean broke off into a nervous laugh and scratched at back of his neck. “You, you know, that…word and just you touching me and I couldn’t see you, it-yeah.”
Dean was methodically rolling out the dough and adjusting himself occasionally because his erection gave him the finger  whenever he tried to conjure unsexy images. Even the memory of unclogging the shower drain with a slimy hair ball of Sam’s luscious locks couldn’t deter his raging hard on.
Turning to the door, Dean finally addressed the pair of eyes that had been watching him. “See something you like?”
They reached Cas’ bedroom. His boyfriend made quick work of their clothes before pushing Dean back on to the bed. The push had enough force to make Dean bounce twice; it also had enough force to make his cock bounce.
“I swear to-“ Dean jabbed his paring knife in his brother’s direction. “I have no issue with stabbing you if you continue that sentence.”
Dean readjusted his grip on the paper coffee cup. The last thing he needed was for it to slip because of his sweaty ass hands. He hated being nervous. The flesh eating butterflies flies were tearing into his stomach lining. Dean had to swallow back his nausea.
“Nothing,” Sam walked over to Dean’s bed. Dean pulled up the blankets and his brother scampered under. “I figured it’s the last night, I should take advantage of it.”
Castiel took the brief moments he had alone to compose himself. He took a few deep breaths. They started shaky, but by the time Emma had returned he was not on the edge of bursting into tears.
“You did this to yourself!” Dean danced his fingers down Cas’ sides. More laughter bubbled out of Cas.
Sam tired to give Emma her space and was shocked when she burrowed into his chest. He was also glad he decided to wear a shirt and pajama pants that night. Sam wasn’t totally sure what to do so he began tracing shapes and words into her back. It was something Jess used to do for him after he had a nightmare. Sam traced out words like, LOVE, FAMILY, STRONG, KIND, and stuff like that. He also wrote out all of the names of their family.
“No.” Cas made such a short word carry the weight of a thousand. He batted Dean’s hand on his shoulder away and replaced it with his own. Another moment Dean would enjoy expect for the red hot pain that flashed through him at the pressure on his wound. “Just go to your house. I’ll tend to your wound there.”
“We aren’t interested in how much money you can throw around.” Sam said, Dean has momentarily forgotten he was there. He definitely hadn’t  been too busy lost in those blue blue eyes. “We’ll get back to you in twenty four hours.”
Screeching tires could be heard out front. The Winchesters burst through the back door and ran across the neighbor’s yard. They ran and ran, ducking between trees, and hopping fences. They came out an alley. The gravel crunching under their feet.
Dean was fucking swaggering down the halls of the office building. He had a pep in his step and a cock sure smile on his face. He had been wearing the bright aura around him all day. Sam’s first words to him that morning were “eew”.
Today was the last day, or night rather, of the schedule. Dean’s room was stripped of everything but the bed, dresser, and a few posters. It felt so bare, all of the books, the weapons on the wall, all gone. It felt so empty.
Then Cas was gone and Dean was left in the kitchen. Part of him wanted to follow and have some really great shower sex, but he knew Cas wanted this to be special. His boyfriend had plans for him, and if that didn’t make him shiver…
“Prom.” Castiel rolled his eyes at the idea. “It’s so dumb. It’s just a glorified school dance but it costs a lot more and has more traditional bullshit you’re supposed to follow.”
“Yeah, sweetheart.” Dean smiled. Emma was going to a friend’s house for a sleep over for the night. Dean couldn’t wait to have sex without worrying an eight year old was going to interrupt.
“Cas.” Dean whispered because it was all he could manage as his throat was clogged with emotions. “Fuck.”
His feet hit the floor. For good measure, knowing those blue eyes were on him, Dean walked with a little more sashay in his hips than needed.
It was embarrassing that it had taken him an entire hour to come up with a plan. The truth was it wasn’t really that romantic. He just hoped Dean would appreciate it.
They pull up to a house and Dean wasn’t sure what he was expecting. Strangely the house before him fit the image just fine. It was medium size, too big for one person, but not obnoxious. It was obnoxiously modern and too architecturey for Dean’s style but it fit Cas’ image. He imagined the inside to be a mixture of books on both wildflowers and torture techniques as well as a too hard couch and fluffy carpets.
Dean pocketed his phone. Mom and Dad were gone on a romantic weekend vacation to a rented cabin. It was just Sam and him at home. “Sammy, I’m going to Cas’!”
The sand is pleasantly warm from the spring sun that had beat down on it earlier that day. Now it offers a relief to the almost chilly night air. The sun is setting across the water of the ocean, it’s rays causing a golden blush to cross Deans cheeks. It is perfect.
“Schools, just not for me.” Castiel scooted over to Dean. Something realigned itself inside of Castiel as Dean leaned into him. He put an arm around the nerd’s shoulders and pulled him even closer.
Dean forced himself to inhale deeply before exhaling. His shoulders lost a small amount of their tension. It wasn’t much but it abled him to concentrate. Cas’ leg pressing up against his under the table helped a lot.
Shortly after Sam came down as Dean was putting the burger patties on the skillets on the stove top. He shot his brother an unimpressed look. “Really Dean, burgers? Would it kill you to make something healthy?”
“Because I care about you, dumbass!” Dean snapped. “And I know you can do this, you’re just too lazy and it drives me bat shit crazy!”
“Yeah it does, I may have saved the world a few times or whatever but it doesn’t make up for any of it.” Dean swallowed, he looked at Jack. “I was shit to you when you first showed up. I was angry, I yelled, I was just plain mean. I’ve, and I’ve told you things no kid should ever here from anyone, and I- I-“
“Hey, last round, okay?” Sam said, glancing at the clock in the living room. “Your dad will never leave me in charge of you again if you’re crabby tomorrow from being up too late.”
The rest of the day couldn’t go by fast enough for Castiel. Finally the school day ended and he headed straight for the library. It was three-thirty when he arrived. He didn’t want to be late because the piece of shit that was his car decided not to start.
“Yeah, other then that... I’ve got nothing. The contract seems sound and his motive isn’t malicious.”
“Dean.” Cas gently pulls at Dean’s hand as he stop walking. “Uh.” He fumbles and licks at his lips before swallowing roughly.
For good measure Dean looked at Sam and wiggled his eyebrows just to make sure the prude understood. Sam rolled his eyes, shot him bitch face: “I’m so Happy and Jealous of my Awesome Brother”, and grabbed a yogurt cup from the fridge.
“Something like that.” Or not being there when Sam was having nightmares. Or maybe Dean would wake up in a panic from a nightmare and freak Cas the fuck out. Those were all some other thoughts floating around.
“I’d would do it all over again.” Cas’ lips formed a small smile. “Especially to get where I am right now.”
“I got a question.” Dean said, jaw working. “Why the hell are you interested in dropping that much cash on us? Don’t you have some suits that’ll do the whole don’t ask questions thing?”
They turned a corner and came across the first person they had seen in the town. Strung up on the old building was who Dean could only assume was one of the other gifted kids like Sam. They couldn’t have been dead for more than a day, Dean only hoped that meant there was still time to save Sam.
As soon as the car was turned off, Castiel dove in for a bruising kiss. He had been dying to kiss Dean like this all night. They had made an escaped out to a hallway to get some tension out of their system, but they had been interrupted by Castiel’s Physics teacher. That had been awkward enough to kill any lingering excitement. Now it was back though, with Dean’s lips  tugging on his lip ring and Castiel’s hands tugging at Dean’s hair.
Cas’ bounces began to hitch as he got closer. Dean helped pick up the slack, yes Dean sometimes did work during sex, and began to thrust his hips up to meet Cas. Dean’s hands gripped his boyfriends hips while hands trailed down his stomach and began tweaking his nipples.
“I don’t know what went wrong.” Cas glared at the mess of the room. Dean smiled and used a damp towel to clean the mess off his boyfriend’s face.
This was how the next two hours passed. Dean was able to strain his ears and hear Emma clambering around in the junk yard.  Occasionally he would take a trip to see with with his own eyes that his daughter was okay through the window. Thankfully Emma was very good at entertaining herself, one good thing that came out of her terrible few years with her mother.
“Prom is a stupid social event the school spends too much money on. It’s full of sexist traditions and leads to a night of nothing but torturous socializing, sweaty teenagers in uncomfortable clothes, and the weak promise of sex.”
“That’s right, Dad hid the candy from you in the top shelves of motel rooms.” Dean laughed. It was quiet for a while. “What’s eatin’ you?”
The only sound was Sam’s breathing and the occasional creaking of the house. The ceiling was dark and nondescript. It wasn’t any good for distracting Sam from the perils of his head. Yet another sigh left Sam, a big one that started somewhere deep in his lungs. Plain and simple, Sam wasn’t natural. There was something wrong with him. Normal people didn’t have visions of other people’s deaths. He was tainted.
Just as Emma as clearing the area where the parents sat, Billy and Tommy’s parents Liz and Scott came and joined them. This was it. Their little group of sane parents amongst the craziness of parenting and elementary school drama. The only thing that joined them was their children were different. Addie was adopted from Africa by Caroline, a working single mother. Billy had thick rimmed glasses and an obvious stutter that got worse when he was nervous. His twin Tommy had anger issues that gave him a tendency to get into fights. The twin boys also had a sister, Lilly, a year younger than him who was also apart of their little rag tag team.
He fell into an easy rhythm, boiling water and warming the canned tomato soup. It really wasn’t a challenging recipe. By the time Sam zombie walked out of his room, clearly just awake from his own nap, the soup was done along with three grilled cheeses.
Dean’s pillow was moving. It was also soft, kinda hairy, and warm. Cracking an eye open he glanced up and saw Cas fast asleep. He also saw that his face was pillowed against Cas’ naked chest. A strong, tattooed arm wrapped around his torso and his legs tangled with another pair under the warm blankets.
They laid in content silence for a long while, dozing. Dean could very possibly lay  there forever. He was warm and curled up with his boyfriend content and happy. Of course his stomach had other plans.
Dean wanted to ask how Castiel got into hunting, but he knows it’s a deep topic that most hunters avoid. “Any good stories?”
Castiel’s eyes sharpened and the temperature in the room dropped thirty degrees. “Watch your tone, Mr. Winchester.”
“Nah, my mom already offered. You’re not getting out of this house without whatever she cooked up. Sorry in advance, she’s not a good cook. Hopefully Dad got home in time to fix it and make it at least a little edible.”
He was quiet for a long time. This wasn’t too odd, Cas could be a quiet guy. Whenever Dean glanced up he was scrolling through something on his phone, his tongue playing with his most recent piercing, the small black hoop hooked through the corner of his bottom lip.  Needless to say, Dean had done his fair share of playing with that hoop himself.
“Let me see.” Dean held Sam away at arms length and began inspecting what he could see. “Where are you hurt?”
“I shouldn’t have…what’s the phrase, biten your head off?” At that, Dean’s mouth quirked up in an almost smile and Castiel heart quirked up with it.
Beefy was really laying it on thick. His entire body weight was being used to keep Dean down. It was completely uncomfortable. Seriously, the guy was taller than Sam why was he wearing heeled shoes?
Roughly, Cas yanked Dean to his feet and leaned him over the desk. A firm swat was given to his ass before his jeans and boxers are being pulled down to pool at his feet. A moan rumbled from Dean’s throat and oh, shit yes, he had found the perfect cure for boredom.
“Like a glove.” Emma flickered her hair behind her shoulder with so much sassy business woman attitude it made Dean’s eyebrows raise.
Sam kept a few things from his angsty teenage years: his long hair, the bitch faces, and not listening to orders. Therefore Dean wasn’t surprised when Sam stopped running and took out his gun to shoot the officer in the shoulder. Thankfully the man grunted and Dean was able to shove him off.
Dean and Sam shared a weary look. Things just got complicated. If they made it out of this Cas was going to kill him. No make up sex for Dean.
Cas needs a little longer to gather his strength. Not to mention contain his rolling stomach so he doesn’t vomit all over the man he is trying to propose to.
The next day Castiel didn’t go to school. His alarm had gone off. He had remember his fight with Dean. He shut off his alarm and went back to sleep for three more hours.
“Of course it’ll be worth it.” Dean shoved an oven mit on to his hand before taking out the hot dish. “Have I ever let you down?”
Cas began sucking a kiss into the sensitive area behind Dean’s ear. Dean tried to hold back a whimper. He could feel Cas smirking into his skin.
“Right, of course.” Sam began gathering his stuff that consisted of a folder, the calculator, his car keys, and the phone in his hand. “I’ll be right there.”
“I got a place in South Dakota, it’s why I don’t really leave the Midwest.” Dean saw the fear in Cas’ eyes. “There’s no one else. You’re not my work wife or anything. It’s just…me and my uncle.”
“Fine.” Dean grumbled and continued to pick at the thread on his jeans. “He might not like me anymore if we live together. What if he gets sick of me, or he finds how I…I don’t know, organize the dish washer annoying?”
Dean had long ago stopped caring about the stream of babble that left his mouth when Cas fucked him. Words and sounds tumbled out of his mouth without filter. He meant every word so he stopped being embarrassed by each confession and declaration that came out of his mouth during their awesome sex.
“That’s what I thought.” Charlie softened from anger to fond annoyance. “Dean is a closeted romantic. He wants to get swept off his feet. Then you said you hated prom and he got embarrassed.”
“Dean.” Crowley hissed as Castiel stepped towards the elevator. Crowley had dropped his voice and grabbed Dean’s arm to get his attention. “What the bloody hell are you doing with Novak?”
“She’s okay.” Emma shrugged, ketchup smeared on the side of her face. Dean reached out with a napkin and wiped it away. Emma batted at his hand. “Wish we were in the same class.” She looked at Addie.
“Very well.” Castiel adjusted his suit sleeve. “As I’m sure you are aware we don’t hire outside of our own. If I was interested in your business -as I am- I would need to...how they say, “buy you out”.” The guy just used physical quotation marks in a verbal sentence. How fucking adorable was that?
“Stephanie.” Dean grumbled. Cas made an odd choking sound that made Dean smile. Cas hated these sort of events almost as much as Dean did.
Something cracked inside of Dean. He growled and threw a bowl from the kitchen counter against the wall. As it shattered so did his anger. Sobbing, Dean began picking up the sharp pieces.
Dean nodded, the ugly monster of guilt was clawing its way from the box he had locked it in. “So where are you going to go?”
His boyfriend didn’t respond. Instead he took Dean into his mouth and began thumbing at the fluttering hole just beyond that. Dean laid there babbling and moaning, trying his best not to squirm as Cas practically tortured him in the best way.
Dean yelped and moaned. It took him an extra moment before he could answer. “Yes, twice. I got off twice.”
“Dude, gross.” Sam snapped Dean from his thoughts. “I can hear you gushing like a lovesick squirrel.”
“Uh, I don’t know.” Dean scratched at the back of his neck. Then he got up and grabbed his own glass to pour himself some whiskey. “I…probably. I can’t imagine quitting, but I won’t do as much as we do now for sure.”
“Your profile is impressive.” Castiel said, jabbing at the unmarked folder. “A ninety eight percent success rate. Though from my sources it looks as that number could be higher, a solid one hundred.”
“Go get him, beloved. Bring him home.” They both knew who the empty plot of land next to their’s belonged to. Eileen was already there.
“Uh, hi.” Dean stared at him with those beautiful green eyes like Castiel had grown a second head in front of him. “C, can I help- help you?”
“Sam,” Dean leveled his younger brother with a glare. “You didn’t give my boyfriend of less than a mouth The Talk?”
“You’re no good to Sam starved, Dean Winchester.” Cas kissed his cheek as he walked passed Dean into the house. “Have a sandwich.”
“It’s not the first time I’ve been shot and it won’t be the last.” Dean shrugged and winced. He really had to stop doing that. When the blue eyes still refused to look at him Dean softened his voice. “Hey, I’m going to be fine.”
Dean officially hated emotions. After he told Cas the truth they’ve been seeing each other more, Cas coming to Sioux Falls to go to dinner or take a drive. It was great, but Dean apparently sucked at hiding when he was….whatever. Maybe, possibly, in love.
Emma dutifully shook her head, green eyes not straying from where they were trained on her Gryffindor t-shirt. A throat was cleared behind him. When Sam turned around he saw the blonde woman who had to be Sarah, who had called him earlier, looking at him expectantly.
“Yes, how terrible that would be for you.” Castiel drawled out. “Your stupid boyfriend can’t make out with you because he’s stuck at summer school.”
Another plain and simple truth however was that Sam couldn’t fix himself. He couldn’t purify himself, at least he hadn’t found a way to do so. Therefore there was nothing Sam could do about the matter, and as some school guidance counselor told him long ago, if you can’t control it, don’t upset yourself worrying over it.  He couldn’t fix himself, but he could be grateful for the roof over his head and his family. Emma, Dean, Cas, and Bobby had his back.
It was the night. He waited until after dinner and then it was time to put his plan into action. It was either now or shove the ring into the back of his underwear drawer and let it torment him for months.
Instead of words, Dean kissed Cas again. And again. And again. Then they pulled away and laid back on the ground, it was cold and a little damp but Dean couldn’t bring himself to care. Cas hand was out stretched above them. The silver ring caught in the moon light.
“Your case?” The man exclaimed while kicking a vamp. “I’ve been here for a week and haven’t see you once.”
Dean wiggled his ass as he leaned over the desk again and let Cas clean up the cum. Thankfully, his own cum had hit under Cas’ desk and not his shirt.
The hugging and cheering was slow to die down, but when it did Dean couldn’t help but look at the clock. It was late, much later than Emma stayed up especially for a school night.
Not that Castiel cared about any of that bullshit, but it did make his goal harder. Either way he was stalking down the hall to a certain boy in Castiel’s grade. Dean Winchester. With his thick rimmed glasses, Star Wars t-shirts, and quick responses in class, Dean fit his label of nerd well.
He earned the title and wore it proudly, with his ripped black skinny jeans, clunky doc martins, piercings, cigarettes, unruly hair, and t-shirts of bands no one seemed to have ever heard of. Castiel had long ago told society -and his mother- to fuck off very kindly. It had been freeing to let go of the perfect student and son he used to be. Perfect but stressed and unhappy. Loosing the sweater vests and picking up a pack of Camels didn’t make him happy, though it hadn’t hurt.
Finally, Dean couldn’t delay it any longer. The time was half past three in the morning, and Dean was either going to have to risk having to get gas again or go home. He actually debated it for a long while, once again, anything to distract himself.
Without prompt his boyfriend reached over to the bedside drawer for the wet wipes. Cas cleaned them both up before balling up the wipe and tossing it aimlessly to the floor. Dean sighed contently and snuggled impossibly closer. This was the afterglow he had been missing last time. It was warm and love and sunshine in a bottle. Dean didn’t even care if he was waxing poetry again.
“Cas!” He heard Dean call behind him. Then there was some cursing followed by approaching footsteps.
Emma and Caroline’s daughter, Addie, came running. They giggled and raced each other over, plopping down on the blanket when they reached it.
“Cas!” Dean raised his voice and caught Cas’ attention. “Relax, I’ll go get Gordon here to spill his guts. You finish up all this paperwork crap and we’ll meet back up then go for burgers. How’s that sound, sweetheart?”
“Yeah, ‘cause he spends so much money on us.” Dean blew his nose and threw the soiled tissued into the plastic bag Sam had rigged up as a garbage, the germaphobe.
“We don’t want to burn down your house, do we?” At Cas’ considering look, Dean quickly added, “Don’t answer that.”
“Cas, you mind if I catch a ride with you. I want to get to the library before dawn. I think they got something that might help us with this Azazel guy.”
Cas’ tongue returned to Dean’s ass then it rolled over his fluttering hole. Whimpers and groans left his mouth as Cas tongue fucked Dean. Shit, Dean was on fire, lightening striking through him, a tidal wave washing over him.
“Whatever you say, Dean.” The self satisfied smirk on his brother’s face would have bothered Dean on any other day.
“Always great to meet a fan.” Dean stood and took in the cart of tools sitting in the corner. He pulled it forward and picked up a hammer. “Now, I’m about to offer you a once in a lifetime opportunity. I’ve got myself a date with a very hot man tonight. If you tell me what I want to know, I’ll kill you quickly, painlessly. If not…well.”
He reached for the cabinet above the refrigerator and grabbed the lone bottle of whiskey Dean kept in the house. Sam remembered to grab a glass before getting settled at the counter. The first shot of whiskey burned perfectly down his throat. Sam couldn’t remember the last time he had whiskey.
Dean hesitantly pulled over. Dread forming in his stomach. Then Cas was in Dean’s lap. His lips were on Dean’s, rushed and fevered. “I love you too. I can’t believe you told me while you were driving.”
“You know what? Let’s just not talk.” Dean reached for the television remote to change channels. Maybe Doctor Sexy was on somewhere.
Dean wiped his hands and blade with a cloth. Gordon’s bloody body lay finally limp in the chair. The clean up crew was going to have their hands full cleaning up the blood and puke stains from the floor.
“I, I remember.” Dean ducked his head further into his homework. Maybe he could burry his head into the pages to hide his blush.
“I fixed heaven!” Jack beamed proudly. “Well, it’s still a working progress but the angels are helping and I think-“
The next hour or so was spent of talking and studying physics. Castiel wasn’t sure how much information was being absorbed. He couldn’t seem to focus on anything else other than Dean’s blushing face.
They headed downstairs and into the dining room. The table had been cleared and the sink held an impressive Leaning Tower of Pisa impression.
Twenty minutes later Castiel was out of the shower and dressed in dark wash jeans and a worn grey t-shirt. It was the most casual Dean had seen him. That paired with the thick socks and still damp shower hair was making Dean’s stomach do funny things.
“Hmm.” Dean groaned. He really didn’t want to see Sam’s smug face. He’s much rather see Cas’ face, which was unfairly more beautiful in the morning complete with morning breath. His stomach had other ideas because it growled loudly, reminding Dean he had skipped dinner to go get shot by a sniper.
He gasped and his hands clutched Cas’ hair. Dean’s head fell back into the door and for a while Cas licked, kissed, sucked, and bit at Dean’s exposed skin. Moans and whines were drawn from his lips and Cas seemed to soak them all up with happy noises of his own. Dean’s nipples became perky and ruddy and he was sure his neck and collar bone were covered in dark bruises.
Geez, Sam was wondering how he had made it into Stanford. That attempt at  wisdom was the biggest lecture of blabbering that anyone had ever attempted. Emma seemed to understand though, or at least appreciate what Sam was trying to say.
“Of course.” Cas nodded and smeared his dirty hands on his jeans. “Give me five minutes to shower and change. Why don’t you and Emma eat lunch while I’m doing that?”
He managed to push the vamp away but before he could raise his machete the vamp head rolled to the ground. Dean froze. The monster’s body fell to reveal a dark haired man with the bluest of blue eyes Dean had ever seen. He gave himself exactly two seconds of staring before jumping back into the fight.
Then Cas’ lips were on his. Then Cas’ body was pressed flush against Dean’s. Then Cas’ hands were gripping Dean’s waist. Then those flesh eating butterflies met the exterminator.
Cas cut at Dean’s shirt with scissors before applying disinfectant. That killed Dean’s peaking erection better than any mental picture of old ladies in swimsuits ever would.
“There’s a lot of people here.” Sam commented, readjusting his grip on the large blanket they brought.
So there he was, practically skipping down the halls towards Cas’ office to let the mob boss know he and Dean could have sex. Meg gave Dean a wink as he walked passed her desk. Everyone knew about Dean and Cas’ relationship. They weren’t necessarily subtle about it, making out all over the office building.
“Cas, you’ve read my file. I am more qualified for this than anyone else here, even with a bum arm.” Dean stepped around the desk and put his hands on Cas’ hips. “This can’t wait.”
Chaos erupted. Sam and Emma cheered and launched themselves off the couch. Emma vaulted into Dean. He picked his daughter up and spun her around. Sam pulled him into a side hug before hugging Cas tightly.
In a warehouse in a tiny ass farm town in Minnesota on a Wednesday night there was Dean. Instead of worrying about the vampires all he could think was he should be helping his daughter with her reading. When did this become his life?
Cas kissed Dean’s forehead and yep Dean was officially a melted puddle of warm goop. Then Cas untangled himself from Dean to stand. A dignified whine left Dean’s mouth at the loss of contact. Dean eyed Cas’ ass encased in his suit pants and made a mental promise that the next time that ass left his bed it was going to be bare.
Dean swallowed as they approached the front steps. Cas squeezed his hand. Jack and Bobby were behind them, their presence offered a reassurance of its own.
Cas’ smile turned wicked and he tugged Dean by the hand out the door. He called to Meg to cancel his appointments on their way out. Dean just laugh and followed his boyfriend out into the city.
“No, you listen, boy.” Dean snapped his mouth tight and glared at the dirt. “We might not like what we find, but you can’t check out. You’ve got a little girl, you’ve got a family that needs you, alright?”
“Do want to figure this out or not?” Sam’s bitch face, the I’m a Smarty McSmarty Pants one. “A pro con list is the best way to do it.”
The point was Cas was going to meet Emma today. His boyfriend had already met Bobby at the house accidentally when Emma was at school and Dean was showing Cas a book from Bobby’s library about chupacabras. It had gone well, obviously, but that had been unplanned and this was…different, more sensitive. It was his daughter. She was everything to him and Cas was becoming increasingly also important, of course never as important but still.
As they left the prison a familiar person was standing in the parking lot. Dean didn’t care of Cas was mad at him or if he looked like an idiot, he sprinted over to his boyfriend and tackled him into a hug. Cas was a steady wall for Dean when he crashed into him, all firm muscle and stubbornness keeping them from toppling over.
“He loves you too, Sammy.” Dean said. “I mean, obviously not in the same way, but like I do, like a brother. He’d do anything for you.”
“Are you sure?” Dean leaned across Cas’ desk with a smirk. “Don’t want to bend me over your desk like a…what were your words, oh yeah, common whore?”
Dean slammed the book he was reading close. Cas and Bobby cut him a look, both grossly pitying. “I’m going to go check on Emma.”
Dean reconnected their lips and was so happy to find that oxygen wasn’t needed in heaven. They had all the time in forever now, and Dean was going to spend every bit of it doing everything he’d been too afraid to do before. He was going to spend it with his angel because love wasn’t his enemy or his weapon anymore, it was simply his to cherish.
“No, I saved Mr. Winchester from hell.” Jack’s smile turned uncertain. “He was Sam and Dean’s dad, I thought-“
They got in the impala and Dean put as much distance as he could between them and the ghost town along with all that could have been.
Cas pulled back and wiggled the plug out of himself. Dean licked his lips as his boyfriend moaned when the plug breached his rim. The plug, green and thick, was tossed aside and traded for a bottle of lube. The mob boss then took it and lathered Dean’s aching, raging, dick.
“And watching Crowley’s face turn six different shades of purple was a positive.” Cas’ face morphed into a beautiful sly smile that Dean couldn’t help but return.
At the diner table they talked about what Cas did in the office and what Dean did. The entire scene was soft and domestic. Dean’s socked foot was brushing against Cas’ under the table. The food sat warm and homey in his stomach.
The heated gaze drilling into Dean from the icy blue eyes was too much. Dean turned his attention to the hot dish. It was golden brown and bubbly, practically perfect.
A wicked smile came over Cas’ face and he stepped closer to Dean. They were so close they were breathing the same oxygen. “I will not fuck you over my office desk like a common whore, maybe another day.”
Six thirty couldn’t come fast enough. Dean was baking a pie, trying to kill time. Ironically the hit man wasn’t very good at killing time.
“Huh, I didn’t think I’d ever hear that word from your mouth.” Cas pulled back to lube up his fingers. “Please. I like hearing it from you lips. Say it again.”
Dean had the urge to protect Jack from his dad but then again the kid was God, and there was no malice on John’s face. Jack opened his palm, eyes glowing and John Winchester disappeared in a burst of flames.
They got to the building. It was a large, towering, ominous looking eyesore. Dean followed Cas out of the car and into the building before heading directly up the elevator, completely bypassing the lobby. In the elevator, Dean discreetly double checked his gun set in his waistband and shifted his foot to feel the blade in his boot.
“And we’re going to have dinners at least once a week, and we’re still going to work together, and Cas is gone at the office for most of the day so I’ll probably be here a whole lot. You’ll be so sick of me, you’ll be begging me to leave.”
“I love you, too.” Sam smiled cheekily and danced out of the kitchen before Dean could go through with his stabbing threat. Fucking, little brothers being little shits.
That night Dean dreamed of blue eyes and soft kisses. This time the kisses were from a memory and not from a fantasy. Dean had to say the memory was a thousand times better than anything his mind could have conquered up, and that was saying something. Even though he had a feeling they may struggle having peaceful, normal dates, he couldn’t bring himself to care, they weren’t necessarily normal nor peaceful anyway.
“Cas, you ever heard the phrase love is blind?” Dean said. White hot pain flashed across him at the devastated and insulted look that crossed the angel’s face. “You didn’t see me when Jack first came alone.”
Sam didn’t answer. Instead Dean heard the other mattress below him be slapped three times. He would really like to say that he scoffed at Sam’s offer, turned over, and went back to sleep. He would like to, but he was scared, more scared than he had been in a long time. His boyfriend was far away. He was stuck in this smelly prison. So Dean clambered down from his bunk and tucked into Sam’s. It was a tight fit a mattress that questionably was big enough for one let alone two. They had been doing this their entire lives, fitting themselves together in small places.
“You pick and I will be right back with a snack.” Cas gently untangled himself from Dean before standing and heading to the kitchen.
“You may have sold your soul to save me, but that doesn’t make up for all the missed calls, and the bruises and broken bones you gave me. It doesn’t make up for the way Sammy and I grew up, it doesn’t make up for any of it. You were a crazy, obsessive bastard. Giving your soul to hell just got you there faster.”
The insecure look was mostly gone from Cas eyes so Dean deemed it safe to curl back up. He placed a kiss to Cas’ neck where his face was burrowed. Dean slung a leg over Cas’ and began dozing in and out in the afterglow.
“A…a date?” Dean sputtered. “Like diner where two people like each other? Romantically? Like a romantic date?”
Dean’s hips stuttered a few more thrusts to fuck them through their orgasms before they were both too sensitive. Cas climbed off of Dean and grabbed wet wipes from the bedside table before wiping them both down before. After that his boyfriend collapsed next to him, pulling Dean in close.
After that night Dean and Cas would text. There was lots of phone sex, but they would also talk or send pictures of cute stuff too. Along with that, they would occasionally meet up for hunts. These ending with some awesome sort of sex, but there was also dinners and conversation too. It was like a really great friends with benefits situation.
“I don’t know them!” Dean roared, his hands shaking. “They could be a pack of shifters or something, you don’t know!”
If Dean had been any younger he would have come right then and there. Thankfully he wasn’t any younger, that was something Dean was saying less and less these days, but he was thankful because he didn’t blow his load before the main event.
“Thank you for stating the obvious.” Cas snarked before sighing and turning to look helplessly at the mirror. “I did it by myself last time and it was fine.”
Silence passed. Emma seemed okay with it, it made Dean want to squirm. Breaking awkward silences was Dean’s specialty, he may not do it subtly but he did do it.
This lasted for a few moments until the cum drying in various places of his body, namely his ass, started to annoy Dean. He shifted once to try and get comfortable again but to not avail. Groaning in an unsexy way, Dean sat up.
“Okay,” Caroline spoke up. “I’m off for a stiff drink, and maybe some actual food. You guys comin’?”
He was fleeing the room before anyone could protest. He felt a pair of blue eyes stabbing at his back but he didn’t stop. The sun glared down at him as he escaped to the scrapyard. He shielded his eyes and scanned the piles of rusting cars for his daughter. Finally he spotted her perched on top of a large pile, sitting on the hood of an old Station-wagon.
Sam’s heart melted at his niece’s words. He remembered when he was younger, he would sometimes pick movies he knew Dean liked. Sam’ll complain forever about watching “Die Hard” again, but it would be a cold day in hell when he refused to watch it when his brother asked. When Dean enjoyed a movie it often made it ten times better.
“That would be my not so subtle cue to go inside.” Dean said, he looked a little disappointed too, if Castiel was honest with himself.
Nervous. The whole butterflies in your stomach thing? Nope. If there were butterflies they were gnawing at Dean’s stomach lining, starved and rabid. Could butterflies get rabies? It wasn’t the point.
Castiel’s mouth almost dropped at the number. For a moment he wondered if it was worth it. Dean’s skeptical eyes and large science fiction book on top of his stack of class supplies decided for him. Fuck him, guess his new car would have to wait.
“Here’s the thing, you give me the codes to everything, the assets, the vaults, everything and I won’t hurt Dean any more than I have to.”
“I wasn’t aware.” Cas said closing his eyes. When he opened them they were still icy with anger. “I’ve prayed to Jack, he’ll be here shortly to explain.”
They tore out of the parking spot and into the street. The gunfire had ceased but Dean broke the speed limit a ten fold and just about every traffic law there was. Thankfully, they didn’t meet any cop cars on their way out of town. Dean was hoping by the time the authorities had checked the security cameras their stolen vehicle would be long long.
Without a word, Castiel shoved his work into his bag. He didn’t look at Dean as he stormed out of the room. Downstairs, Sam had thankfully disappeared from where he had been lounging on the couch with a book when Castiel had arrived an hour earlier.
“Dean, your brother is more than capable of watching Emma during our honeymoon.” Cas thankfully appeared and placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder. He had unknowingly saved himself from being widowed one week into their marriage.
“Oh, Dean.” Cas sobbed out. He laughed a little and nodded his head. “Yes, fuck, yes, I love you too.”
“Can he?” Charlie asked intensely. “Or did you mention your ridiculous hatred for it before he could even mention it?”
“And if you want me to move out, that’s fine.” Sam quickly continued. “I’ll save up some cash, get an apartment-“
“You couldn’t tell?” Dean looked up when he didn’t get a response. At Cas’ insecure look he continued. “It was awesome.”
Dean woke to soft kisses on his face. This was how he woke up most mornings. Well, they weren’t really mornings and he didn’t really need to sleep. The nice thing about heaven was he could do as he wished, and he wished to catch up on all the sleep he missed as well as wake up next to Cas.
Sam for the most part burrowed into books and working out. Dean scratched the days into the wall like he had seen in the movies.
Dean curled into Cas and tried to match their breathing. He forced his eyes closed and cleared his mind.
Sam took a breath and saw that Emma, although was now staring at the floor, she was listening. “Later, like years later, I found out that that kid was really sad and because of that he was really mad. Looking back what mad feel worse was hurting him, someone else, because I was hurting. Does that make any sense?”
“Uh,” Dean scratched at the back of his neck. “I mean when I was really little I wanted to be a firefighter.” Back when he thought his dad was a traveling salesman and his mom had been killed in their house fire. “But this is the life I grew up in for the most part, and it’s who I am. I can’t really imagine doing anything else.”
“You just want me shirtless.” Dean smirked. It was quickly wiped away when Cas dug a long tweezers into his wound. “Fuck!”
It was when they got out to the parking lot that all hell broke loose because that was how the universe fucking worked. A meaty hand rested on Dean’s shoulder and yanked him back. It was his injured shoulder so a cry tore itself from his mouth.
Castiel let the first day go by in bed. He dozed in and out, the only reason he got up was to smoke on the window ledge.
Not soon enough, the mass of kids on the playground was thinning out and Dean had long finished teasing Sam about the clown. The group of parents called their kids over and headed to the parking lot.
“Dean, I’m as much a sadist as you are, but I hate seeing you hurt.” Sam’s puppy eyes were at their max volume.
They sat up there for a while, until Dean’s ass began to remind him he wasn’t a kid anymore. “I’ve got to get back in there. Are you hungry? How about a snack?”
“Havin’ a little fun, babe, come on.” Dean smiled, his dress shoes were extra shiny from the wet grass.
Emma finished her food without any more fuss. Sam turned what she said in his brain as he washed dishes. He didn’t know much about her mom, just that she was an abusive deadbeat.
Dean poked his head into the office to see his boyfriend staring angrily at his computer. Dean bit his lip. Fuck, his emotions. They were making him feel like a teenage girl. He steeled his nerves, told the flesh eating butterflies to take a hike, and walked inside.
“Duh,” she rolled her eyes and leaned into Cas a little. “Now meet Dean! He’s my bestest friend. I’m a lesbian, but if I wasn’t I’d want to-“
“Bite me, bitch.” Dean was rewarded with a heel smashed into his nose. He grunted as it cracked. Fuck, that was going to be a pain in the ass to get set.
“You said the we could work in here.” Dean gestured wildly to the mess. “I was gone for five minutes.”
“Excuse you?” Sam’s eyebrows shot up and he faced the woman sitting next to him. Her hair held too much hairspray, or more accurately, too much hairspray held her hair. Her face was caked heavy in make up to hide wrinkles. “Look, lady-“
“I want to go.” Castiel smiled and leaned his forehead against Dean’s. “Besides, you make everything fun, and I heard there was a good chance at something really fun in the backseat of your car.”
“Cas, more, please.” Dean whined. Yes, he whined, he wasn’t ashamed to admit it, not with the hot mob boss’ tongue in his ass.
“You’re the strongest, best person I know, and you’re family -you’ve been family- and I would be the happiest man in the world if you would marry me.”
“That’d be strange because my father has been on a bender for the last five years.” Cas said it lightly, but Dean felt like shit.
They stayed there for a while longer. Eventually both of them pulled away, Dean a little reluctantly, he’d have been more than happy to just hug Cas forever. It was then that Bobby cleared his throat. Dean jumped, he may have forgotten the old man was behind them.
They fell asleep that night tangled together. In the morning they got some strange looks from the guards. The rumors would fly. The brothers didn’t care. They wouldn’t be around much longer.
“Really?” Dean was Sam’s number one supporter when it came to the kid getting some. He was cautious though not to push him into something bad. However he knew Caroline and she could be some fun Sam needed. Not to mention the house to just him and Cas for night sounded amazing. “Yeah, let’s get these gross hotdogs and head over.”
