It's some kind of dog, but it's massive and smoking and has red eyes like pools of blood. He can see it, yet can't fully make out its form, as though it's a wavering mirage.
Dean feels around for his pistol as he hears hellhounds start to growl. He can’t find it, not with the headlights glaring in his eyes, but he finds the demon blade. He gets to his feet, sees Sam reach out and stop Lilith in her tracks, and then a hound knocks him back again.
“Stow it, both of you,” Jo snaps, stepping between them, sounding so much like her mother. “We can play blame games later.” She looks at Castiel. “Why did you heal us? And if you can smite hellhounds like that, why not go kill Lilith yourself?”
He jogs back inside the school, where the fire alarm is still blaring overhead. Once out of view from the doors, he draws his gun and chambers the first pentagram bullet. He clears one classroom, then the next. Down the hallway, he sees a shadow move from around the corner. It’s too tall to be an eight-year-old, and the only other person in the building is the demon. Dean raises his gun and steps over to an open classroom door, ready to shoot and dive for cover.
They hear the unzip of pants and someone using the urinal. Cas sighs quietly and Dean presses his lips together in annoyance, glancing up at Cas. They’re not drunk enough for this.
Dean made an overstated shrug and sat hard on the bed. "That's what caused all of this. Feelings, sure there were feelings. And this is what happens." He heaves slightly, but doesn't throw up. "It's not worth it," he slurs. "It's not worth it for someone who just holds me back all the time."
Dean tosses the machete into the back of the Impala and swipes up the stained dishtowel there before shutting the false trunk. He scrubs the drying blood from his forearms, neck, and face, then pauses, wincing, to roll his left shoulder. He figures he probably tore something hacking the head off that ghoul. That’s always the hindrance, in this job. The injuries, coupled with the lack of health insurance or income to cover treatment.
Cas goes over and sits on the couch across from him. From the looks of him, he still doesn't trust Dean not to suddenly lash out at him, but for now he seems to be holding himself together.
The blue car is totaled. Its hood is bent in a horrible arc and the two front seats are littered with smoking debris. The cars crashed in the middle of a crossroads far out of town, far from any human that could call in the police. Both vehicles are smoking, warped messes, gradually collecting snow as it falls like ash from the sky.
"Where's Alastair? I'll speak to him now," Crowley says upon his return to hell. He's just hung up with 911.
handline/attack line: two words for a smaller size of hose, usually 1 3/4", that can be carried and maneuvered by a single firefighter.
Two days later, Dean parks his motorcycle at a new bar. This time, it's around five o'clock in the afternoon and it's still light outside. The weather in Kermit, Texas is sunny and unbearably hot, at least to Dean, who is again wearing black jeans and a leather jacket.
“Just that he’d spoken to an archangel, that he was sure about what he was doing. And that he wasn’t going to let me stop him. He hung up pretty fast.”
“You—” Dean gives a short sigh. “Try answering that again, and don’t give me something regurgitated from Bible camp.”
Cas leans more heavily against the motorcycle and accidentally shifts so that his arm is touching Dean's. He's about to pull away when he realizes Dean either didn't notice or doesn't care.
As he nears the S’s, he reverses and scrolls back up to find Bobby. The phone rings twice before he answers.
"Ancient astronomers were imaginative." Cas spots a constellation he recognizes and points to it. "I believe that's one. It's called Aquila; it looks like a crooked cross."
Cas smiles and moves Dean's hand away. "Don't feel indebted to me. This doesn't work like that. If I could…" His expression grows sad. "If I could actually fix you, maybe. But—"
This continues until about 9:30, at which point Cas remembers this is their last day in the hotel and checkout is at 11:00.
Crowley steps a little closer. "You're not delusional, Sam. All of this has been real. You weren't delusional when you got attacked. But the wounds are real. How do you explain getting torn up by something you can't see?"
Yet here he is in the human world, realizing that despite his weeks with Dean, he has no idea how to live here.
Castiel reaches out and presses a hand to Dean’s chest. Burning pain flares up across his chest and around his sides, and he shoves Cas’s arm away.
Dean stops and looks back over his shoulder. "I know. That's why you did this to me in the first place. Not because you cared. Because you wanted to shape me into something you could control. Well, good job. But it's over." He waits long enough to read Crowley's expression and he can see in the king's face that everything he'd just said was true. Then he leaves without looking back.
He takes it as Crowley leaves the bar. Dean turns to Cas. "You know, for an angel, I'd expect something a little more…" He looks Cas up and down and smirks with a small shrug. "Impressive."
“Leave the cuff for now,” Dean says, reaching out for the oximeter. “Go back outside and get me a nebulizer and albuterol.”
The front of the house is mostly clear of smoke, but the air gets hazier as they move toward the back. There’s a door open an inch or two, and the roar and glow behind it tells them they’ve found the fire. Jack can already feel the heat from inside his turnouts, and the moment Dean pushes the door open it gets stronger, and smoke rolls out and he can feel it seep in through his hood.
“Hey. Dean. What’s up?” There’s still sleep in his voice, and Dean briefly ponders feeling guilty for waking him. He decides against it.
"The whole thing is a joke," Dean says scornfully, covering his side with one hand. Cas doesn't fail to notice the blood seeping through his fingers, though it seems to have no effect on him so far. "I can't stop killing; I need it."
"I don't need to give you the speech, do I?" Dean asks. "About how I appreciate everything you've done and all that?"
Dean kisses him on the lips once, then lowers his head to suck on the skin between Cas’s neck and shoulder, then bows lower to swirl his tongue around Cas’s nipple. He gets to his knees and runs his hands down Cas’s lower back to the waistband of his pants. He slides them down, then takes the elastic of the briefs in his teeth to pull them off Cas’s erection.
"I don't know, Sammy." He hasn't said that nickname since they were kids, but it just slips out and Sam doesn't object. "I don't know anything. For now, I'm just trying…trying not to kill anyone, and that's the best I can do." It sounds pathetic when he says it aloud, says it to Sam.
He’s been chasing demons all over the southwest for the last two and a half months—sacrificing every weekend to long drives, sacrificing sleep to try to keep up on his studies—all to no avail. He’s heard of a demon leader, but doesn’t know her name. He’s been able to feel demons inside their vessels in a way he never has before, but he’s leaps and bounds away from being able to manipulate them. All he got this time for his efforts was a nosebleed, and then a lot of bruises and an injured shoulder.
four-day: at smaller departments, firefighters typically work a rotating schedule of two days (48-hours) on, four days off. "Four-day" refers to that time off.
Cas is silent. He's silent for so long that Dean finally glances over at him with an inquisitive look. There's a frown carved into the angel's face and he's staring off into the distance, disturbed.
"Those sort of things are what being human is about," Cas says quietly. He shakes his head and feels the corner of his mouth turn up in a sad sort of smile. "I can't feel them. I wouldn't know what it's like, but I've seen what it can do. If I could be human, just for a few days, I would. You actually get that opportunity."
"Constellations," Cas says again. He's admiring a pair of particularly bright stars almost directly above them.
Dean shakes his head. “No. But it doesn’t change how I feel about my job. I’m just pissed I’m going to have to take a leave while I heal. I’ll be bored out of my mind.”
Cas pulls Dean’s t-shirt off over his head, then undoes his own belt buckle while Dean works on Cas’s button-up. When Cas’s shirt is off, he shoves Dean against the wall but doesn’t kiss him, getting nearly close enough and lingering there, running a finger down Dean’s chest.
"Fine," he says tightly, turning back to Castiel. "I'll consider it. That doesn't mean I want to be human. But maybe…maybe it's better that way."
"You never told me what would happen if I did. I think I know now." He holds his cigarette in one hand and pulls his sleeve up with the other. "I can get rid of this, can't I? It can't make me a demon forever as long as I stop killing."
"I…I want you to make me rich," the girl says in a shaky voice. "I want enough money for college and a nice house and…and—I don't know, some drugs, whatever."
“Yeah, but I don’t know any different. I got no idea how to get a job, or open a bank account, or sign a lease, or—hell, I haven’t even renewed my real driver’s license since I turned twenty-one. I was six years old the first time I looked down the barrel of a gun. I’ve never been able to see the world any other way.”
"We kept tabs on you, mate," Balthazar says, without his usual boisterousness. "We know what you did."
Dean immediately moves to follow her and Cas sees him reach to his side, where something is tucked into his belt but partially hidden by his shirt. A knife.
Cas steps away as Dean gets in his car. He turns to his truck as the reverse lights come on, and he tries not to watch Dean drive away.
But Riot won't look at him and he keeps growling, his ears as upright as they ever get and pushed toward the glass back door.
His throat is constricting—it’s not smoke he tastes, just blood and fear. With a cry, he heaves against the weight on top of him and it shifts. He yanks his boot free and crawls out from underneath into a room full of scattered flames. He’s lost, unsure which direction he fell and where he is now. He tries desperately to collect his thoughts, to push away the panic that tells him he’s about to die.
Dean goes to pour his coffee and wonders what in the hell he's going to do all day. It's not like his life has entirely revolved around killing, but now that he's staying away from it and he's cut ties with Crowley, he has no idea how to spend his time.
"Good talk," Crowley says, setting his glass back down on the counter and standing. "I suggest you watch your back for the next few days, Sam Winchester."
One of the older boys—eleven or twelve—is searching frantically through the other students. Dean pulls him aside.
Sam turns his head slightly away from Dean, eyeing him with confusion that slowly turns to disbelief.
"I'll admit, when I first gave Dean the Mark, it was because I needed a warrior, a weapon, someone who would respect me rather than fear me or hate me like all the other demons do. But he became…he became a lot more than that to me. And now I know that I stole him from you, but at the time you were just a name. It didn't matter to me. You had a settling answer—he was dead—and I didn't realize that emotions came into that, not really. So maybe—maybe I am sorry that you think I stole a life away from you two, but I didn't. Dean would be dead—actually dead—if not for me. Besides, it was worth it."
"I know." He pulls the towel away from his face and wipes the last of the blood off his mustache. "I shouldn't have…I shouldn't have come here and interrupted your life in the first place. It would've been easier that way."
Several days pass after Bobby and Ellen’s deaths before Dean and Sam speak to each other again. They both stay at the new Roadhouse but make every effort to avoid each other. Sam usually leaves early in the morning in Bobby’s car and doesn’t return until dinner time or later. Dean emerges in the mid-morning long enough to grab another bottle of whiskey before locking himself in the spare room again. Jo, meanwhile, spends most of her time throwing a knife at the wall and drinking beer, until evening, when she disappears into her bedroom. Sometimes Dean hears her crying.
He swings a leg over his bike and kicks the stand back up, but he doesn't start it yet. He could summon Cas and construct a way to fake an angel's death or a way to lie to Crowley. He should summon Cas.
"You've overstepped your line as a demon, Crowley," Cas says. He doesn't feel as tempted to kill Dean anymore, but it would still be nice to end Crowley before he leaves here. "You have killed and manipulated humans and, allegedly, angels far beyond what your soul trade calls for."
Dean stands and grabs his jacket off the back of the chair, shrugging it on over his flannel. Sam couldn't help but wonder how he didn't get hot in all those layers. "I'll call and let you know when I'm headed back here."
He’s caught the angel off guard, which must be why Cas waits until he’s done talking to move. He doesn’t even see it happen, just feels the punch land on his left cheekbone, snapping his head to the side and knocking him back a few steps.
Cas can tell there's a lot going over in Dean's mind, but he can only vaguely guess what he might be thinking about. "Are you angry?" Cas asks. "At me? At any of this?"
He takes Dean's arm and pulls away from him slightly so he can see. "Do you mind?" he asks, looking back up to Dean's dark green eyes.
He's known Dean Winchester had a brother from the day he found him. For years, it never mattered. But now, he's sensed a change in his companion and he wants to find out what's at the heart of it. Dean has no way to know Sam is his younger brother, but Crowley has no idea how much Sam knows.
Dean turns the motorcycle back onto the road and they follow the highway away from town for another half hour or so—until it's growing dark and there are no other vehicles in sight. Cas has grown comfortable sitting behind Dean with his hands clasped in front of the demon's stomach. If he thinks about it, he can feel his every inhale and exhale.
Dean shakes his head and remembers to scowl. He puts his cigarette back between his lips and makes no effort to keep the smoke out of the angel's face as he leans forward and snatches the necklace back. "I take it that poison doesn't work on angels."
"It'll either pull him back into killing people, being a demon, just as he's always been. Or." Crowley speaks almost as though he wants to break the news softly. "He's going to die."
“Because I knew you were going to do this,” Sam says, taking a step forward. “You were gonna talk about the demon blood, and about what Dad told you, and you were gonna go on again about how I’m a freak and—”
Cas nods, folding his arms as he steps up to Dean’s bed. “A little bruised. They say at worst, he has a mild concussion and broken ankle.”
"You were never my right-hand man, Alastair," Crowley sneers. "Don't pretend we were friends. Most of the time, you were gone, torturing souls. I don't need you. Dean will come back."
By the time he finally gets to planting the peas, his phone starts ringing from where he left it on the back porch. Cursing softly, he pulls off his gloves and reaches it as it’s about to go to voicemail. He doesn’t recognize the number, but he doesn’t have time to think, so he just answers it.
Dean examines a line of old Chevrolet models, catching sight of a red one that looks vaguely familiar. Then his eyes land on the black beast next to it.
Dean bites his tongue until they sit down next to each other in the cab, and then he can’t help it. “What the fuck happened back at the house? You were like a goddamn deer in the headlights, and nothing was even happening.”
Dean pours the peroxide down his leg, and it still stings worse than he expects it to, momentarily lighting his whole leg with an intense burn. He lets out an involuntary growl and a,
A final little chapter, basically fluff. Much love to all the readers of this story. I very much appreciate your comments and kudos and the time you took to read it. <3
"Three?" He can see the faint spark of hope in Dean's eyes—he's only thought of two—and Crowley feels a little knot in his stomach. Then he decides demons can't feel knots in their stomachs and chalks it up to his imagination.
Crowley wrinkles his nose at the drink set in front of him. It's aged whiskey, yes, but it's hardly his favorite. He takes a sip and his expression grows even sourer.
Dean sips his whiskey and uses his glass to gesture at Cas’s forearm. “You know someone who served?”
"I didn't summon you. Or pray for you, for that matter," Dean says, then curses under his breath as he grabs a paper towel to wipe the coffee off the side of his mug. Things like that don't usually startle him, but admittedly, he hasn't exactly been feeling normal.
Sam shakes his head, or maybe he’s trying to flip a piece of hair out of his face. “The thing you do where you just… detach. Yeah, we were talking for an hour and a half, and you barely said a word about yourself. You didn’t even talk about work, and you
"Woah, Riot. Hey, buddy. Hold on, bud." He hangs his keys up and squats to greet his dog. "Hi! Have you been good while I was gone?" He shakes his head, smiling, and scratches behind Riot's ears. "Of course you have. Good boy." He straightens and sighs. It might take a little while before Riot no longer reminds him of Amelia.
He and Dean don’t hesitate when he joins him in the bathroom. They start kissing, and running their hands over each other’s bodies, and pressing close enough together to feel every breath. Cas backs Dean up into the largest stall and locks it behind them.
"This why we're here, isn't it?" he asks, leaning forward to see the constellations. "You brought me here to see the stars?" He's got an appreciative smile on his face that gives Dean that—that feeling that he always gets around Cas.
Castiel steps slightly closer and tips his head down to fix Dean with an intense, dark blue stare. "Because I believe I can help you."
Sam throws his hands in the air and walks away, joining his wife in their car. Dean sits on the hood of his 2016 Impala and smokes the rest of his cigarette in the parking lot.
Sam opens his mouth to say something, then stops. He frowns. "You've said that before. My full name. You said it the last day at the bar. How do you know?"
Dean opens his eyes. Still in the motel room, still in his suit. He straightens, a page of the Bible trying to stick to his cheek. He grabs the motel stationery and pen and does his best to spell “keres” and “Anthesteria” before he forgets the words. He checks his watch. It’s not yet five o’clock, and he’s guessing the local library closes at six at the earliest.
The angel crosses the room and Dean finally looks up at him. He seems like he's about to say something, but he has to turn and heave again before he can get it out.
"You're not really a demon," he says, pressing his head back against the wall since the man in leather is only a few inches away.
He tugs at his hospital wristband. “I don’t know. I’ve been thinking… I’m just really proud of you, Sam. You’re a great nurse, you’re married to a brilliant lawyer who, frankly, is way out of your league—you have things figured out, you know?”
"Is it?" Dean asks, and then the bottle bursts. Dean flinches and curses as glass and booze spread across the table. He turns his hand over and pulls a few shards of glass out of it. "I'm surprised I can still do that," he says to himself more than to Cas. His tone has lost its anger.
“Cas,” he says as he sits down. His dad raises his eyebrows, because he usually only uses his name if a serious discussion is coming. “How do you deal with feeling like you don’t belong anywhere?”
"You are," Cas says immediately. He puts his hand on Dean's hip and draws him closer. "What you did today—crashing your motorcycle instead of hitting that girl—that was incredibly human. You would've suffered less damage if you'd hit her."
"Yes. Now I'm better." Dean's voice sounds raw. He turns away and grabs a towel from the counter, wiping the blood off his face before straightening and looking down at Cas. "Cas. Personal space is a thing. Don't stand so close to me."
Cas sighs. "I can't go back to heaven. Balthazar told them that I've been…'consorting' with a demon—you in particular. That's…that's an offense, even for me, and I'll probably be permanently exiled if I go back."
When they hang up, Cas finishes planting the peas, and he realizes what a risky game he’s playing with his own heart. Maybe Dean is taking a chance on him, or maybe he’s not. Maybe he’ll come out soon, maybe he won’t. Cas knows he falls too easily, and he knows Dean could be a huge mistake. But he can’t help it. He wants to see him again. He wants to help him.
Back at his motel, he fills the plastic sack from the ice bucket with ice and balances it on his shoulder. He flips through channels on the old tube TV, but there are only about five of them and nothing interesting is on. The armchair smells of cheap cigarettes, the kind of stench that clings in his nostrils and permeates his clothes.
She folds her arms. “This seems weird, coming from the guy who’s never considered leaving hunting in his life.”
“No. I wasn’t.” His tone is steady, and his eyes don’t widen with feigned innocence. Dean’s inclined to believe him.
"Crowley," Dean says by way of greeting. He's the only demon in hell who can stroll up to the king on his throne without paying any respects. The only one who can do it and not get pinned to the wall as a dartboard, that is.
That's all he needs. Later, he will send demons out to find out more about a family by the name of Winchester. He'll need to know everything.
“Dean. I’m glad you’re here. Things are a little chaotic, but we almost have them worked out. How do you feel about a cappuccino?”
Sam sees the screen door tear open a split second before something huge and heavy slams into his chest, knocking him back onto the floor. He can feel the weight on his chest, focused at two places, like feet, and he can hear snarling, but he can't see anything. His mind reeling, trying to figure out what's going on, he starts to reach up to shove away whatever's on top of him, but instead he gets a stinging pain in his right hand. Before he can even fully draw it back to himself, he feels something rake down his side, letting out a rush of blood. He cries out and manages to turn to the side, knocking the invisible force off him as he curls into fetal position, covering his head.
Crowley snatches Cas's angel blade from where he still had it gripped in the hand that Dean had held down. "So this can kill a demon?"
"Here's what you can do," he says to stop her. He's been avoiding hospitals, DMVs, prisons, and airports—anywhere with involved with security or government—for his entire life and, demon or human, he's not about to break that now. "Call my boyfriend. He doesn't have a phone, but he's staying at a motel not far away. Find the number for the Town House Motel, ask for room twenty-eight."
"Crowley…was gonna kill me with some hellhounds. Then he decided not to and stopped them, then visited me at the hospital to explain everything because—he felt guilty, I guess? But he's, like, the king of hell and all, so…I don't really know. I'm insane, basically. And now an angel and a demon decided to pay me a visit."
“It’s not God, Sam!” Blood is pooling in his mouth, and he turns his head to spit again. “Believe me, God is dead.”
Crowley raises his eyebrows. "So you don't like me…because I'm too powerful? Are you afraid of me, Angel? Are you afraid of what I can do?"
He’s thrown, flinching, into wakefulness. Eyes open wide, he can feel the throbbing in his cheek and jaw like an afterimage, and he searches for something in the dark room with which to ground himself. There’s a gun already in his hand but no one and nothing to aim it at. He’s on a couch under an old quilt that smells of moth balls, and he can just make out a detailed devil’s trap painted on the ceiling.
Dean shakes his head. "I don't think I can salvage that. I could get a new one, but…damn. I've been riding that thing for ten years now."
"You sleep a long time for someone who says he doesn't sleep much," she says as he first opens his eyes and rolls over in the bed. She's dressed in only a bra and underwear and she's sitting at his edge of the bed, clearly having already been up for several minutes.
He leans closer to look at the card propped up on the inside of the windshield. Chevrolet Impala, manufactured April 24, 1967. 150,000 miles. $28,000.
Sam straightens and looks around. They're in a dimly lit hallway of what looks like some kind of castle or fortress. The walls are stone and above them are simple, rusted chandeliers. It smells odd here, like…like blood. He can hear screaming in the distance.
Crowley shrugs and stands, straightening his coat. "Favorite story? Well, when he was fourteen he rode a hellhound through Times Square…."
“You thinking offensive approach? Looks isolated to the Bravo-Charlie quadrant, we could go in with a couple of handlines for an initial knock down before we get a second crew on scene.”
Cas frowns and sets two fingers on Dean's temple. As usual, he can find the damage to Dean's internal organs, but as he tries to heal it, he can tell his power isn't being transferred. It's like when he was blocked before, but worse—now he can't do anything. He shakes his head, remaining stubborn, and moves his hand to hover over the left side of Dean's chest. He can sense the damage again and tries to push himself to heal it, but it doesn't happen.
"I'm not saying there is anything, I just…." He doesn't know what to say. He has questions more than anything, but they're things he knows Dean can't answer. How long will it be until it happens? Will it be slow? Painful? They're questions he can't answer, because through all his research on the Mark of Cain, it's become clear that there's no record of anyone being able to fight it, much less for as long as Dean has.
"No. I'm good. Well I'm not good, I'm a freakin' demon, but I'm fine. And I haven't killed anyone, in case you were wondering."
“Shut up, you old fogie,” Jody says, smacking Turner’s arm with the back of her hand. “Guys, this is Jack Kline. Jack, this is Rufus Turner, he’s your lieutenant.” Rufus Turner is a middle-aged Black man with a look in his eyes that says he’s seen some shit and he isn’t about to talk about it. He’s the one leaning against the chase rig, arms folded.
He goes to sit a few stools from the two demons and asks for a beer, since that's the only alcoholic drink he knows the name of. He has no money and no intention to drink, but after he's done, that will be the last thing on anyone's mind.
"Hear me out, Cas. Please. I don't have another choice. We both know I can't go back to being a demon. And if I wait this out…I don't know what kind of death that's going to be. This is the Mark of Cain. I mean, come on. I can't see it letting me go nicely. At least this way, I know how it's going to end. You and I can, you know, say our goodbyes and all that. There's no waiting around, no questions, no more spending hours puking my guts out."
Cas catches him by the back of the jacket and he feels the cold blade of a knife against his throat. "Don't try it."
“What the fuck happened, man?” Dean says, stepping inside and kneeling to take stock of his brother’s injuries. The way he’s holding his arm, he either broke it or dislocated his shoulder, and his lower left pantleg is bloodied, but he seems alright otherwise.
Dean leans forward and kisses him. He tastes slightly of blood, but Cas doesn't really mind. He's been longing for the feeling of Dean against him and around him ever since the first time they kissed. It's not a purely sexual desire by any means; he wants it for the sake of itself, for the sake of knowing that someone wants to be close to him.
Cas inhales and looks away, thinking. "Mostly I know about how they died. Do you…still want to hear that?"
"I'm not a demon," Dean says quickly. "Not anymore. Look, we're just here to talk to you. I have a lot to say."
"Given the circumstances," Dean says as he starts to feel nausea rising in his gut, "I'm going to leave it here and make it someone else's problem. Let's go back to the motel."
The moment he enters the building, he hears a heavy banging, like someone beating on a door. He follows the sound with his gun drawn, making his way through the dark as his eyes adjust. The warehouse smells like musty concrete and rust, but as he gets closer to the noise, the air reeks of sulfur. As he crosses the wide-open space taking up most of the building, he can see some sort of control room with a large glass window, and three demons are inside. Sam must be behind the door on the far side of the control room, because all three of them are intent on getting through it.
He can’t deny part of his reason for declining Jack’s offer is because he can’t explain what’s going on with Dean yet, but he does wish his son would spend a little more time outside the house, being around other people and having new experiences.
“Ah, there’s my man. You had me worried there for a second. Looking around this place, you’d never know you ever served.” Cas sees Eliot look over at Bart from the behind the pastry case. “I mean, not so much as an American flag in here.”
“Well, how about instead of worrying about it all day, you and I do something together? Dinner? I don’t think we’ve been out to eat since you started applying for that job in February.”
Fortunately, Dean doesn't sleep either, so maybe he'll go to him and he can find something for the two of them to do for the next several hours.
For just a moment, Dean stops in the doorway to the bar. Then he shakes his head and continues as if he'd never heard him.
"Sorry," the angel says immediately. He stands up and when Dean looks over to him, he looks sheepish. "I don't mean to be insensitive, I just—I don't know what it must have been like."
It’s an enticing thought, but maybe his survival instinct is too strong, or the pain is. He reaches his bag and pulls out the salt, pitching a handful at the demon and causing it to recoil, just for a moment.
He still has the song in his head—most of the time it’s Paul McCartney’s voice, but sometimes he can still hear the way his mother used to sing it as a lullaby, or hum it in the morning while making breakfast.
Carthage, Lilith, the explosion. Bobby is dead, and he’s not dreaming. It’s not typical demon signs he’s seeing on the news, it’s apocalyptic ones.
"You know, Sammy, I'm glad I came and found you." Dean steps forward and gives him a hug. "Despite everything, I hope you know that." He gives a him pat on the back and steps away.
Over the next weeks, Sam finds it almost a relief to forget about Stanford. He knows he’s not that person anymore, that young college student forging his own incredibly normal life. He never was. But instead of knowing he’s cursed to hunt, to keep fighting monsters and fighting himself until his last breath, the way Dean always describes it, he thinks maybe he’s fated to do something bigger. Maybe it’s atonement.
Sam shakes his head and takes a sip of whiskey. “You shot them. What kind of bullets work on demons?”
“Besides, if you don’t know where the fucking albuterol is, then ask me. It’s better than delaying the treatment someone needs to stay alive. Like I said, your mistakes come back on me, and I haven’t been to court in two years, so don’t fuck up that streak for me.”
They kiss fiercely, and Dean’s hand slips into Cas’s pants. Cas runs his hand through Dean’s hair and takes a handful of it as he pulls away to speak.
Dean finds a run-down old barn on some abandoned property away from any town, and it’s here that he stops. He gets out and stretches, his shoulder giving him a little twinge of pain as he does so. It’s been weeks since he hacked the head off that ghoul, but ever since the Devil’s Gate opened, he has little hope of getting more than a few days’ rest at a time.
“They’re just from the garden,” Cas says. “I didn’t buy them or anything. Was this a mistake? I feel like I’m missing something.”
Dean becomes aware he’s at the hospital, and he knows he’s just been injured in a fire, but he can’t remember much more than that. He’s mostly undressed, covered by a blanket from the waist down, and he’s attached to various tubes and cords, including a cannula giving him oxygen in his nose. His brother is standing above him with a worried furrow in his brow.
He exhales and stops trying to put his wings away, and Dean gets a better look at them. One of the mid-sized wings extending from his lower back has a ragged tear at the bottom of it, and the wound produces an ethereal white substance more like a mist than a liquid.
"From what I know," Dean says with a skeptical expression, "there is no halfway. The spell works or it doesn't."
"Leave the meatsuit. It doesn't matter." He turns to Sam. "This is hell. This is how things really are. Now, the Mark of Cain? It's a curse more terrible than anything you can find here. It's extremely powerful magic, and it will not let Dean become human. He should know that, but it seems…." He shakes his head. "It seems he doesn't."
Dean glances around. It's been quite a few months since he was here last. Crowley's been keeping Dean out of hell to avoid conflicts with jealous demons for nearly a year now. Ever since Dean became Crowley's second some seventeen years ago and ousted his previous second, Alastair, various demons have gotten vision of grandeur and tried to kill him for the position. Of course, they'd always ended up torn apart on the floor, but though it only got serious every few years, it was an annoyance Crowley liked to avoid. There was no chance he'd accept another second-in-command anyway.
The demon casts a glance to either side of him. Everyone's run from the bar except the bartender, who is talking frantically into a phone. "No one knows that," the demon growls, "except Crowley. How do you know?"
“Because it can kill demons, including Lilith.” Crowley offers the knife to him. “As long as Sam isn’t the one to use it, it’ll solve your problem.” As Dean tries to take the knife, Crowley yanks it out of his reach. “Just don’t cock this up, capiche?”
Cas shakes his head. “I shouldn’t have taken that risk.” He watches Dean for a moment, then holds out a hand to help him stand.
"I just—it's—" He rolls his eyes at himself and looks resolutely out the window. It had never occurred to him before that being in a car would do this to him.
or some other deflection, but it doesn’t make it past his lips. He’s remembering more now. Hearing Rufus shout over the radio, telling them to get out, there’s smoke coming from the attic. Waking up to pitch-blackness, pinned down, his mask offset just enough to let the smoke in. He pressed his face to the ground to set the mask back in place, but he already felt like he was dying. Every cough and he couldn’t regain his breath with the weight on top of him. He couldn’t see, buried in debris, and he couldn’t hear, his ears ringing. But he felt the heat. For a moment, he was four years old again and terrified that he couldn’t find his mother—for a moment, he was Mary Winchester, trapped and burning alive.
"But when? How?" Sam has barely come to terms with the fact that his brother is alive and he'll finally get to know him—and that he was a demon most of his life. Now he has to adjust to this idea that he's going to lose Dean again?
The demon does so—he's surprisingly agreeable this evening—but when he stops the motorcycle, he asks, "Why? It's dark, don't tell me you're sightseeing again."
“I understand you’re angry—you just lost your mother, I know that feels like hell—but we did everything in our power to save her. All of us. I’m very sorry it had to be this way.”
Dean realizes all eyes are on him. He clears his throat. "So, I guess…I guess this is it. I'm not gonna make this long and dramatic." He steps over to Sam and pulls him into a hug. "I'm sorry it had to be this way, Sammy," he says quietly, just between the two of them.
Sam looks down at the counter. It's not as though he needed a reminder. But now he realizes what Crowley's there for. He's come to Sam before to talk about his problems. If what Crowley says is true, he's known Dean longer than anyone, and it would hurt to lose him.
“An Enochian sigil, carved into your ribs. It’ll make it more difficult for angels to find you, including me. But I’ll still be able to visit your dreams, and we’ll have better privacy.”
"Well," Alastair says with a smug smile, "I'm not dead yet. Beside, you were just in a mood. I was trying to kill your favorite pet, who, I've noticed, isn't here."
Dean tightens his jaw. “Two of ‘em. The third… I don’t know.” He glances over at his brother as he pulls onto the road. “You’d better start talkin’.”
"Ambulance brought you in," he says. He's checking the equipment, not looking at Cas. "You weren't the only one there, either. Someone called you in but didn't stay around. The police are looking into it, but you've only been here a couple of hours, so I don't know much."
"When did I—oh. I…I lied. I didn't want to get caught up in a conversation about it, so I just said I went unconscious immediately."
Cas finds it odd how humans work on a schedule; when it's light, they work, go out, do whatever it is humans do, then when it gets dark or shortly after, they usually disappear off the roads and out of public buildings. He knows it's because they have to sleep, but having never slept or tried to before, he can't imagine it. They spend nearly half their lives asleep.
Slumped back against the pillows on his bed, bottle of bourbon still in hand, he scrolls through his contacts until he finds Sam. If it’s 1:40 here, it’s almost midnight in California. Chances are, Sam is asleep, but maybe that’s all the more reason to call. To say he did.
Once inside, he takes his first-aid kit to the bathroom and pulls off his jeans before sitting on the floor of the walk-in shower. Aside from antibiotic ointment, his medicine comes in two forms: a bottle of hydrogen peroxide and a bottle of bourbon.
Dean turns, and for a moment Cas swears his irises are black again. Then his expression betrays his anguish and it doesn't matter anymore.
When the washer’s steady chugging comes to a stop, he throws his clothes into the dryer. The room quickly grows hot, an oppressive heat that smells sharply of dryer sheets. He sheds his button-up and pulls his t-shirt down over his pistol. He paces. He tries to make small talk with a woman bringing in a large bag of her kids’ laundry, but she won’t say more than a few words.
Secondly, he has no idea why he just lost his right-hand man and, he admits to himself, best friend. What would make Dean change his mind about everything so suddenly?
Dean raises his eyebrows. “Actually, that’s not a bad idea.” He stands, dropping the machete on the shelf where he’d been sitting, and walks over to the demon. He presses the tip of the palo santo stake into its leg. “Tell me who Lilith is working with. Does she have a second-in-command?”
Dean's eyes meet Cas's and then he looks down at the blood rushing out from around the blade. Something inexplicable breaks inside of him right then—call it his will, his spirit, his heart.
“I don’t know,” Jordan says, shaking his head. “I try not to listen to what demons say to me. But after that Devil’s Gate opened… who knows, maybe a new big baddie climbed out.”
Cas lifts his head, and blood runs like a tear down his face. “Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts—the whole earth is full of His glory.”
Dean finally looks up and remembers Cas is still there, listening with a sort of sad furrow in his brows. Dean rubs a hand over his face.
He ends up suturing the wound, and he does what he used to always do with Sam when his brother was young: tries to distract him from the lack of anesthetic with shitty jokes and whatever topics of conversation he can come up with on the spot. Cas is a lot tougher than an adolescent Sam, but Dean does it anyway, if nothing else because Cas just saved his life, and he owes him at least that.
Eaton Springs doesn’t have a gay bar. It has a gay-friendly bar, a gay-tolerant bar, and a handful of places he just thinks it’s best to avoid. Then there’s the pub across from Eaton Springs’ only hotel. Their drinks are overpriced and their food is mediocre, but it’s there that Cas chooses for his escapade tonight.
“Wait, so let me get this straight. You own a coffee shop and have a garden, but you were also a helicopter pilot in Iraq and you top during sex.”
“Yeah.” Jo lowers her gaze, and she speaks hesitantly, guiltily. “When he was possessed, and he tied me up—I mean, the demon tied me up. I knew something was wrong, but I could almost believe… I thought it was actually him at first.”
They've barely made it away from the parking lot when Cas feels a prickle at the back of his neck. He stops walking.
Cas looks at him for a moment, then says, “You know what needs to be done. So, find the right time to do it.”
Dean breathes a sigh of relief. It helps, too, that he just got another dose of narcotics, and the pain is lessening. “Damn, what is that?”
Sam rolls his eyes. “I’ll put in an order. Don’t expect it for a while, though. You still need a CT, a chest tube, and some x-rays.”
Finally, Crowley's calm is very slightly ruffled. "I…It's a long story. But I know about you. I know where you live—obviously—I know about your dog Riot, I know about your girlfriend who recently left town, I know you were adopted as an infant and never knew your real parents."
"Come on," Dean decides for him, stepping past him out of the room and putting a hand on his shoulder. It seems a surprisingly warm gesture from the demon. As Dean heads down the hallway, Cas is left momentarily frozen, still smelling the hints of leather, cigarette smoke, and hotel soaps he'd gotten from Dean passing within a few inches of him.
“Where the fuck were you? You said you would help me, so where the fuck were you an hour ago? Bobby and Ellen are dead, you son of bitch, and there ain’t even anything left of them for a proper hunter’s funeral.”
"Of course," Dean says immediately. "Come on, I'm not gonna go spend a day with my boyfriend without giving my brother some time too."
Dean growls in pain and rage and wrestles the angel's other hand behind his back, leaving the knife in his own side as he slams his knee into the angel's back, knocking him face-down onto the ground.
Cas visits most of his dreams now. Sometimes he has news of Lilith or her posse of demons, sometimes he’s just… there. And because Dean only ever speaks to a cop or witness or abandoned demon vessel—he and Jo talk on occasion, but only about business now—he doesn’t mind when Cas is there. He doesn’t tell him that sometimes he feels like he’s going nuts.
“It’s kind of… I dunno, relaxing. Which we could probably use right about now.” He pushes himself back on the hood to lay against the windshield and takes a sip of beer. “This car, this view… There was nothin’ about the way I grew up that was stable, but there was always this.”
"You wanna come with me? My bike does two-up rides just fine. You don't have any leather or a helmet, but whatever. Angels heal as soon as they get hurt, right?"
"Let me go, Crowley," Dean says without looking back. "It's about damn time you let me do something of my own accord."
“I’m good.” His ankle isn’t in a splint, which means it wasn’t broken, though he favors it slightly as he crosses the room to Dean’s bedside. “I met your brother yesterday. I mean really met him, not just in passing. He’s smart. And tall.”
"You think I mind this?" Dean says, spreading his arms. He drops his cigarette and crushes it under his foot. "I'm one of the most powerful demons around. You think for a single second I would trade this life for a pathetic human's?"
Crowley pulls the door shut. "And if you listen, you'll hear the sounds of only a very small portion of the souls—and even demons—being tortured down here."
He looks to Cas, still unconscious, still crumpled on the asphalt. The back of his trench coat is dark and slick with blood. The knives slip out of Dean's hands.
"I know, I just…. I finally found my brother again and I didn't want to screw it up. Besides, part of me was still denying that it's going to happen."
Crowley slides his wine glass away from him and sits back on his stool. It takes him a while to answer. "Because it's what he wants," he says slowly. "He's never had all that much control over what goes on in his life. I don't want him to hate me, and after what that angel has shown him about life and—I hate to even say this, but—love, he'd never be the same coming back to me. Besides, I'm starting to wonder if maybe he's not the only thing I ever can care about."
A hound growls from across the room, and the kitchen chair to Dean’s right slides to the side as another approaches. Dean collapses to his side.
He doesn't know if he's ever going to see Dean Winchester again. Part of him—most of him—wants to get out of this place as soon as he can, find Dean, and knock some sense into him. Of course this couldn't be over, not like this.
Dean breaks their eye contact and looks down at Cas's hand on his arm. He lets go of Cas's shirt. "You're right, dammit." Though he's still frustrated and he feels his rage like concrete in his chest, he smiles slightly and pushes it down. "Always the angel on my shoulder, eh, Cas? In which case, I guess I'm my own devil."
"It was a big deal," Gabriel says, "but the big guys got the sticks out of their asses long enough to agree to it."
Sam limps away as Dean pulls out his phone and calls 911. He reports gunshots in the general vicinity, then hangs up and pulls bandages from his duffel bag. The person he accidentally hit in the abdomen is a young man about Dean’s age, and he looks to be in bad shape. His wound still oozes thick, dark blood, but his eyes are half open, unfocused. Beside him, a man in his forties with the gunshot in his thigh looks pale and confused, but he’s sitting up.
The cut starts just above his knee and runs down the side of his leg about four inches. It’s deep enough that if he spreads the flayed skin slightly he can see muscle, but the muscle itself appears intact.
It wasn’t enough to be at fault for his father’s death; then he had to get Bobby and Ellen killed, too.
Sam shakes his head and starts to pace. He knows the end game is the same as he's known for a long time it was going to be. But this feels different. Somewhere in the reasoning part of his brain he knows Dean is right and he understands this decision. But then there's emotion, and that says no.
"I—I don't think I have anything to say about myself," Sam says, shifting on the couch and putting a hand on Riot's head. "I mean, I'm about as boring as they come."
“I serve Heaven, Dean Winchester, I do not serve you.” Castiel’s eyes flash flame-blue. “I saved your life, and I can take it away just as easily."
"Yes, look, he's not seeking me out or anything; I called him up. I just had to know why kept us in the dark."
Dean ends up asking Cas a series of questions about a time he briefly visited Earth in the mid-1800s in western America. Cas doesn’t quite seem to understand Dean’s enthusiasm about it, but he’s content to recount the experience in as much detail as Dean wants, even if his descriptions of cowboys are rather lackluster.
A man stands outside the bar in the rain, observing the actions of the two demons from through the window. His dark hair is plastered to his forehead and water starts to soak into the open trench coat that covers his shoulders. He has a slight frown that forms a single wrinkle between his eyebrows.
“I’ll take off as soon as we’re done here,” he says, rolling his eyes. “And I’ll take better precautions next time.”
Dean cracks a smile and Cas realizes he wasn't as irritable about the whole thing as Cas had judged him to be. "No, you're right. I'd never really bothered to look up."
“Bobby, I need your help. I’m in a bit of a, uh, situation.” He flinches as the door rattles in its frame.
Somehow, this feels like an accusation. "What?" he asks, still caught up on the fact that he's pretty sure the demon just called him a moose. He grabs the hellhound glasses off the counter and slides them on to check if Crowley has anyone with him, then pockets them.
“I’m telling you, this wasn’t supposed to be a long-term thing. It started with the one banshee case, and I went back to school that Monday.” He’s gesturing emphatically with his uninjured arm, as he does when he’s getting worked up. “I’ve just… I’ve been hearing things, more and more things, and I wanted to figure out what was going on.”
Cas’s eyes land on Dean’s hospital wristband, and he cocks his head to read it. “Winchester. Funny.”
"I talked to Crowley. He knows the situation with the Mark better than anyone and he…he wouldn't lie to me. He said there's no way to get out of it. We already knew that. Either I resist until I die or I go back to being a demon. And I—I can't do either of those."
In light of recent events, he hadn't been certain how to feel or if he was feeling anything. So last night he'd decided to go to a bar and see if he could pick up a woman to bring back with him.
"Fine. You don't need to." Dean runs a hand through his hair. "I'm feeling generous right now, so how about this; I'm gonna check into a different place in a town a few miles from here. You can follow along while I find a computer and hack an account. I'll get us each a room and we can spend the next few days teaching you how to be a human." He piles his handful of belongings into the bag he can strap to the back of his bike and grabs his key off the counter. "No promises on any of this, of course. In an hour I might decide I want to kill you again."
Two demons reach him and that cruel elegance which had become a part of him rears its head. He ducks an attack and slices open the demon's jugular, then kicks the other in the side of the knee, causing her leg to snap. Before he reaches her, she smokes out. As the others come for him, he dives over and snatches up Cas's angel blade, digging it into the stomach of the demon nearest him.
Jack is meticulous. He doesn’t want to be wrong. Compartment by compartment, he checks everything in the ambulance by the list in his hand, and when he finds something he’s not familiar with, he googles it to figure it out. Some half an hour later, he peeks out of the rear doors.
She’s still there, in fact, when it’s near closing time and the librarian comes around to tell them they’ll need to leave soon. Then she’s quick to leave, and she’s out the door before Sam has his backpack zipped.
Cas closes his eyes and massages his temples. Behind his eyelids, he sees explosions. Missiles, overturned vehicles, bodies.
"Maybe you should take a break from that," Cas suggests, waving the smoke away as Dean turns to look at him.
"I'm not trying to get anything," Cas retorts angrily. Then he comes to a realization and his tone softens slightly. "Not everything is a deal, Dean. Sometime good things just happen. I'm trying to make that possible."
“Yeah, pretty much. And working Bobby’s network. Either way, this is big, Sammy. Bigger than Yellow-Eyes and his demon army, even. Somebody’s gotta stop her.” Dean glances over at him. “Look, man, we cleaned up Santa Rosa, and now Safford. We’re only a day’s drive from your neck of the woods now, but you haven’t told me what your plan is.”
This chapter got a bit more personal than I was expecting (both for the characters and for myself) but I think it turned out well.
Dean shuts his eyes and pinches the bridge of his nose. Sam wasn't making his easy on him, he knew, but he didn't know how to come to terms with this. "It's not. It's not fair, Sam. In case you hadn't noticed, the whole hand I got dealt isn't fair. And I wish I didn't have to do this to you, to Cas…." He sighs. "But if I thought there was another option, I would've taken it by now. Crowley isn't lying to me. Despite all the things he's done, I can say at least that he wouldn't lie to me. Not about this, not about anything."
Cas knows where Dean is. Dean's desire for him to be there right now is close enough to a prayer that he can tell. He shakes his head, and in an instant, he's there.
For once, he’s glad to have ended up in an ER last year, because at least his tetanus shot is up-to-date.
"I knew of you the day you died—many angels noticed that an innocent young boy had died, yet his soul never made it to heaven. Then I saw on the necklace. You must have tried to scratch it out at some point, but I could still see the initials D.W. carved into the back. I remembered the story and had to find out more. It all fits."
Dean unlocks the car and sits down in the driver's seat, unable to avoid a smug expression. He puts the key in the ignition and starts the car, which settles to a steady purr.
“I don’t think he’s going to listen to you, Dean. Not any time soon. I mean, if you were him, and you’d found out demons have been trying to turn you into a monster since you were a baby, wouldn’t you grab any chance you could to try to do something good?”
"Alright," she says with a slow nod. She walks over to Dean and gently pulls his soul out of his body, cradling it slightly. She looks to Cas. "I'll take him to heaven. If they refuse him, I'll be back before long."
Dean shakes his head but tosses the knife aside. "I'm so sick of this," he snaps. "I'm sick of you trying to be my damn babysitter."
“Boy, you are full of surprises. Not that I’m complaining. Uh. Are you doing anything this afternoon?”
"They're forgiving all of that," Balthazar says. "We know what you did was ultimately good. You probably helped saved lives, human and angel alike, too."
Dean rubs a hand over his face. “Whatever path he’s headed down right now… I don’t want to know what comes out the other side. I don’t know if I should try to stop Lilith first, or my brother.”
Balthazar looks him in the eyes now. "I told them the truth, Castiel. You've been consorting with a demon."
Without thinking, he slows going past her desk. The book she’s reading is open to a chapter entitled Secret Societies of the 1950s, while the closed one still waiting to be opened is called Irish Folklore.
and he isn’t sure if it’s from whatever the demons did or from seeing Cas. He takes Cas’s hand and lets himself be pulled to his feet.
"No," Cas agrees. Dean looks over at him with mild surprise. "You're not a hero. You're human. That's what all of this was about."
“He says he’s okay. I think he is, mostly, though this morning I heard him get up and go to the back porch before it was even light out. He hasn’t done that since he was quitting cigarettes. He’s headed here, by the way.”
He’s in his bedroom now, sitting on his bed with his laptop on his lap, and staring at the blinking cursor that asks him if he’s ever going to start writing this report. He hoped to have something typed before he went to sleep, but it seems pointless to imagine it will happen by now.
"Oh, right," Crowley muses, also seeing him. "Misbehaving demons make good dart boards. But I let him smoke out earlier."
Frowning, Sam goes back to the living room. All the curtains are closed and he doesn't hear anything, but Riot never barks unless he's seen or heard something obvious.
“Apparently I gotta hit the road,” Dean says, “so I’m gonna shower and get my shit in the car. But, uh, thanks for the save, Cas.”
"You're not healing anymore, Dean. You're going to finally feel the effects of those now. Besides, they do have an awful scent and I won't kiss you if you've just smoked one."
"That's not—fine. I'll lay off them. But since I didn't fully smoke that one, would you kiss me now?"
Sam is left speechless, his mouth slightly open. "I—how—why—that's—that's creepy. W-why do you know all that?"
“Lilith isn’t building an army for no reason,” Dean says, pulling onto the highway right in front of a semi-truck and gunning the engine. Sam had almost forgotten how much he hates some of his brother’s driving habits. “She’s trying to start the biblical apocalypse. If she breaks all these seals, she frees Lucifer from Hell, and the whole planet gets destroyed.”
Bobby sighs. “And he’s a damn fine hunter, too. It’s a shame not to have him around. But law school… it’s what he always wanted. He got out. Twice. If that doesn’t say everything—”
Two grueling hours later, in the lot outside the warehouse, he stops the car so fast the tires slide in the gravel. He tosses the demon-fighting kit he’s assembled over the last year into his duffel bag and slings it over his shoulder. He doesn’t take the time to change out the silver bullets in his 1911 for devil’s trap ones, instead ejecting the whole magazine and slamming in a new one.
“I warned you, Dean. I asked you not to stop Lilith, and every time you ignored me. You cannot stand in the way of the Host.”
“Will you let me put some gauze on it, at least? It’s like an instinctual thing, I can’t just watch—”
"Okay. I'm an FBI agent. So I do crap he can't ask about, right? That'll spare me a lot of questions. He knows I grew up in foster care, so I'll say it stayed that way for the rest of my childhood. That way I didn't have a single hometown or a single school I went to. Oh, yeah." He frowns. "I have to pretend I went to school." He looks up at Cas. "And you…you're a dentist. You grew up in…Montana. We met at a bar—you weren't trying to kill me, by the way—and now we're dating. Good enough?"
He raises his head and looks around. Kermit isn't busy, by any means, but people are out and about doing normal human things.
He wonders if the angel ever gets lonely, but he never asks. Something as powerful as Castiel must have a better reason for visiting his dreams so often than wanting Dean’s company.
Cas watches them go, a hard scowl on his face. Something about that didn't feel right. If Crowley just wanted to give Dean a message, why wouldn't he call him? Why send four demons?
Jack doesn’t feel ready to get out and move on just yet, but he does as asked and steps down to the floor. Then Dean hugs him. It takes him by surprise at first, and then he fully breaks down and begins to cry into Dean’s shoulder.
Jo is quiet for a moment as she takes a couple swigs of beer. “So, you didn’t choose hunting. But my dad did. I want to. This life, at the Roadhouse… it’s like I’m half in and half out. I guess I just want to belong somewhere.”
And then Dean….Cas remembers feeling that blade enter his body, and for a long, terrifying moment, he felt his life and grace flicker. In all of his thousands of years as a soldier of heaven's garrison, that had been the closest he'd ever come to death.
“We tried it your way, Dean." His voice remains measured. "I’ve been ignoring messages from Heaven for three months to do it your way. Now I know that was wrong. So, yeah. I’ll do what they want me to do.”
“Bart. What are you doing here? We haven’t spoken in a decade, and now you’re acting like we’re friends.”
Cas considers his options. He can knife the king as he's distracted on his phone, but he may draw the attention of the one in leather, who seems like the one he really needs to take by surprise. He stands, pretending to head to the restroom so that he can pass the demon, and summons his blade out of his sleeve.
“I’m sure he’ll get over it. I used to work with guys like that—they’ll bitch for a few days, and then they’ll get over it and realize it’s just different, not bad. Besides, maybe he was just having a bad day.”
It takes Dean a moment to answer. "Because I've never driven a car before." He has his hands on the steering wheel and realizes that he's clutching it so tightly his knuckles are white. He immediately loosens his grip.
For a second, Crowley thinks he means Juliet, but then he realizes: he's talking about Dean. Of course. Alastair had loathed Dean from the minute he got there and had first tried to kill him when the boy was only thirteen. His hatred had only increased once Dean became Crowley's second. He'd tried to kill him after the first year, at which point, Crowley had banished him.
Cas stands up and looks around at the room another time. His brow furrows and he asks softly, "What did you do?"
In a flood of uncharacteristic rage, he lifts his fist and slams it into the mirror, shattering the glass and sending glittering triangles sliding across the floor.
The bartender comes by, and Dean asks for a whiskey, neat. Cas sizes him up for a moment. At a glance, Dean comes across as pretty heterosexual, but Cas starts to notice things here and there that hint otherwise. His haircut is unexceptional, though his hair is intentionally styled. His t-shirt and jeans combo is mindless, though the shirt is a V-neck and slightly more form-fitting than most straight guys wear. His watch is large, durable, and Army-green, but on the other wrist he wears a beaded bracelet, and he has a total of three rings, none of which are a wedding band.
Sam cautiously slides the glasses back on, sees the hound, and immediately pulls them off again. "Why are you showing me this?" he hisses. This must all be some insane, drug-induced dream.
Dean leans away slightly, but there's a hint of a smile on his lips. "Did you just kiss me to prove a point?"
He pulls the knife away and she collapses. Just then, he hears a knock on her front door. Frowning, he peers through the house and, through the front window, can see a woman in maybe her forties standing on the porch.
"Hell, no." He pauses to light his cigarette. "Crowley knows I'm the only one who can…you know, do what I do—did. As well as I did it, anyway. I think Alastair drove him insane; he was too obsessed with torture."
"Look, we can work it out," Cas tries to reason, but he knows it's a lost cause. "Don't do anything stupid."
Jack feels a tear slip out of his eye and he wipes it away before turning into the station parking lot and starting to back up into the bay. He keeps double-checking his mirrors, because the tears obscure his vision. The whole conversation is bringing up feelings and memories he usually keeps tucked safely away.
All the pain is gone, the blood, the creeping darkness in his vision. He feels like he just woke up from the most rejuvenating night’s sleep he’s had in his life.
When Crowley sees Dean walk into his throne room, he stiffens a little. He's fully expecting to be reprimanded, even attacked. It was only a matter of time.
He chains up his bike and walks inside, haphazardly hiding his coffee thermos from the person at the desk. As he makes his way deeper into the library—he always prefers to sit near an emergency exit or window—he sees someone who makes him pause. He doesn’t know her, but there are things about her that are familiar. The heavy work boots in late September, the functional jacket with numerous pockets slung over the back of the chair, the closed leather journal bursting with loose paper.
“Sammy?” Dean says, shutting the trunk. His brother looks up with feigned innocence. “Go fuck yourself.”
“I appreciate that. You picked a good time, too. I stayed home for the morning so I could spend some time gardening.”
His next shift starts busier than the prior. In mid-morning, they get toned out for a fifty-six-year-old female with severe difficulty breathing. The probie is on the ambulance in a hurry, the engine already starting as Dean climbs into the passenger seat.
Jack is still asleep when Cas heads out to start weeding. It’s the first time he’s been home overnight since his last shift, and apparently it was a busy one.
Dean looks at him carefully. Cas can tell he's not going to like this part. "Well, I'm healing some now, but I'm not immune to, say, your angel blade. I can end all of this before it goes bad."
After what he’s seen, Dean almost wants to give up right here. But Sam’s just a few feet away. Jo is on the other side of the room, out cold. That’s why he can’t let go just yet—he can’t let what’s left of his family die, and he can’t let himself die if he has anything left to give.
What Dean doesn't tell him is how exhausted he feels all the time, or how many times he gets up in the middle of the night to puke his guts out, or how often he coughs, sneezes, and spits blood behind Cas's back, or how he never feels hungry anymore. He tries to hide all this when Cas is around because he knows that it only makes them both unhappy—some symptoms slip through regardless, but to Cas, it probably seems as though they haven't escalated.
“I know some things just happen, but…” He swallows. “I lost my mom when I was seven. She died peacefully. In her sleep, I mean. And I sort of knew it was coming. Cancer and all. But I was too young to be prepared for it.”
He looks at the clock on the bedside table, which says it's 8:30 pm. The numbers don't mean much to him, but can tell it's going to be dark soon and he can't fathom staying cooped up in this room for any longer.
Later, after the two had experienced each other and spent some time lying in the car and talking quietly about life or things that could make the other smile, Cas sits up and glances out the windshield.
“The roof collapsed on you. Garth says the attic was on fire. Whatever that means to you. You got your bell rung pretty good, it sounds like. We’re still trying to figure out if you have a head bleed or just a concussion. Chest x-ray showed a pneumothorax, so Doc’s coming to put in a chest tube here pretty soon. And you broke four ribs. Maybe an ankle. You’re going to be here a while longer, and there’s a good chance you need surgery for something or other.”
Another nurse peers into the room. “Hey, Sam. Doctor needs to talk to you about your lady in room four.”
Sam frowns and shakes his head, but goes to see what he has anyway. He can't quite bring himself to tell Crowley to get out.
Dean shakes his head, momentarily speechless. He lowers his voice. “I haven’t prayed a day in my life and you know that.”
The door to the bar opens and Dean casts a casual glance over. Dark, curly hair, minimal makeup, medium stature. It's her.
Cas seems to choose his words carefully. “I want to do what’s best. For humanity.” He holds Dean’s gaze, as if asking for a measure of his trust, just for now.
“Yeah,” Dean says softly, “I get it.” He sighs. “You asked me a few weeks ago why I decided to be a firefighter. I always give a bullshit, half-true answer because I don’t talk to many people about this. But it was because my mom died in a fire when I was four.”
Cas has Dean's head in his hand from where he caught him as he fell back toward the rock. Cas is now kneeling, bent over Dean with his other arm wrapped around Dean's back, half holding him.
patch: a radio patch is the brief report an incoming EMS unit gives the hospital to tell them about the patient they're bringing in.
Dean looks down at his leg. His pant leg, as well as his skin, is torn open from the knee nearly to his ankle. The denim is soaked in blood and covered in grime from the sidewalk. As best he can tell, it's not healing at all.
He shakes his head. “Is any of this real? I mean, I know I haven’t been the picture of mental stability recently, but if you’d told me six months ago that I would be here, sharin’ pie with an angel and staring down the apocalypse, I would’ve asked what the hell you’d been smoking. I mean” —he gestures broadly around him— “is any of this even gonna be here in another six months?”
The wilderness around them is echoing with bird calls. The bright water in the pool is fed by a waterfall at the opposite shore, where it flows between rocks covered in vivid green moss.
Dean raises his eyebrows. He looks tired, but on this particular day he has yet to show any signs of unfounded anger. "What am I doing?"
Sam shakes his head again. "Nothing about this is simple." He puts his head in his hands again and speaks without opening his eyes. "So you're a demon from hell. In fact, you're the King of Hell and you wanted to kill me because you thought I convinced your…demon friend?…to stop talking to you. Then you found out—somehow—that it was actually an angel who did it, so you decided to come stop your…your hellhounds from tearing me to pieces."
"That's—that's good. You two deserve it." He pauses. "But you'll still…you'll come back here before—"
Dean looks at him for a long time, sizing up whether or not that's a good thing. "Don't corrupt him, Crowley."
"Of course." Cas, who's dressed in only his boxers and his trench coat, perches at the edge of the pool, where he can sit with only his feet in the water.
Cas sighs. "You don't exactly have to pray, just kind of…project your thoughts, let me know you want to talk."
Cas returns to the other side of the bike. "There's a star on each side of those, almost in line with them. And one below them to form the cross."
"You had no choice, Dean. You were being manipulated. Killing was the only thing that would keep you alive—it was an addiction."
Cas watches him as he packs up his first aid kit. “I suppose you would.” The way he says it, Dean feels like he’s putting more meaning into Dean’s words than he intended when he said them.
A knock on the window drudges him up out of the depths of sleep. Dean opens his eyes, frowning and looking around the car until he realizes the knock came from behind him. He sits up from the bench seat and turns to the window, where he’s met with the harsh blue glare of a flashlight. He rolls the window down a few inches, squinting as his eyes adjust.
Dean sighs in frustration and goes to sit on the coffee table. "You were right about everything. I'm not a normal demon. Something happened the day I died in that car. And killing has everything to do with it."
Dean shrugs as he offers the whiskey bottle to Sam. “The job’s changed since we opened the Devil’s Gate. We deal with a lot more demons than we used to. A few months ago, Bobby and Ellen and I sat down and put together survival kits for hunting demons, started distributing them to other hunters. It works, most of the time, and I’ve had a lot of practice using it.”
Less than an hour later, he’s sitting at a library computer reading a webpage about Greek mythology, which includes death-spirits called keres and a three-day celebration called Anthesteria, which took place in late January or early February included banishing the keres on the third day. As best he can tell, he can’t kill them, but he can cast them away with a simple ritual involving a fruit offering and a phrase in Greek.
“Oh, no.” He descends the last stairs to stand in front of Cas. “They got to you, didn’t they? You need to snap out of it, man, you have to—”
This is the end, Dean figures. Lying on the carpet, surrounded by demons, and bleeding out. He knew it was going to happen sooner or later, but he didn’t quite see himself going out like this.
"Hey," Dean cuts him off, stepping up close to him and lacing his fingers through Cas's. "Me too. It's perfect." He gives him a kiss and sly smile. Then he steps away and shrugs off his jacket and flannel and pulls his shirt off over his head. In that moment, their eyes meet—Dean's are a dark shade of hazel-green now—and Cas doesn't see the demon-turned-human, the one tortured by his history; the one who decorated his skin with threatening patterns because he wanted to assert himself; the one who nearly killed Cas the first time they met.
"It's a demon, Cas, come on. It's just Alastair's scum. He thought he could take me on alone." He snorts. "It's not really like I'm killing anything." His words start to slur at the end and Cas realizes he must be intoxicated.
He is playing a dangerous game with his own feelings. Because Dean acts like they’re building a friendship, and Cas feels like they’re building something else. Because Cas wants to lay down everything he is before Dean and say, “Please take this. Please accept this thing that I was and tell me I’m not it anymore.”
She nods, sets up some milk to be steamed, then peers into the back room. “Hey, Cas? Jack’s here.” As she returns to her latte in progress, she asks, “You want anything? You look tired.”
Cas sighs and looks at Dean for a few seconds. "You don't want to be human because you don't want to feel human emotions again. Pain, regret, guilt."
Garth sits up and twists around to look at the rest of the room. “Hey, where’s the probie? Did you leave him at the hospital?”
He's about to slash into the angel's back when someone grabs him from behind, one arm around his chest and the other holding his knife hand in place.
He’s spent years carefully walling off his memories of Iraq, but he’s only ever had bricks, no mortar. One shove at the wall and a part of it collapses, leaving him repeatedly rebuilding. He’s so busy rebuilding and worrying about the next shove that he never gets to really turn his back on the wall.
He’s brought abruptly back to the present, lying half-naked in a hospital bed with a pair of deep blue eyes studying him with concern.
At long last, the dryer blares its end-of-cycle alarm. Dean piles his laundry, unfolded, back into his duffel bag and packs up to return to the motel.
"What have you seen? Don't answer that. Okay." He steps over the motorcycle and sits down. "Just sit behind me. You're best off if you put your arms around me, which is kind of gay, but two dudes riding a motorcycle is gay anyway, so—hope you don't mind."
When he’d checked into this motel, he had written the date as April of 1998, not 2009. He’s losing his sense of reality, or at least of time. Maybe this is why it’s best to forget dreams after waking. But he remembers every dream that Cas visits, and he’s even remembering a good deal of the others, too.
Surprise crosses Dean’s face for a second before he smiles and looks down at the surface of the bar, an unexpectedly bashful reaction. He gets prominent wrinkles at the corners of his eyes when he smiles.
Dean picks something up off the bed—the TV remote—and hurls it across the room, where it explodes into plastic pieces against the wall. Cas swears he hears a half-stifled sob.
Cas turns his back to detach the handle from the espresso machine. “If it feels like part of being a firefighter, he’ll succumb sooner or later.”
Dean walks out to the apparatus bay, where he finds Jack still in the driver’s seat of the ambulance. The kid has his head in one hand and doesn’t see Dean as he approaches.
“I know, and I figured maybe if you thought I was still at Stanford, it would give you some peace of mind.”
“That’s Garth Fitzgerald, he’s an EMT, cross-trained as a firefighter.” The storyteller; a tall, lanky White guy and the one sitting halfway in the ambulance. He waves as he’s introduced.
When they arrive at the emergency department, Dean gives report to his brother, who’s the receiving nurse.
"I know he's a monster! The king of hell may be in charge of it all, but that demon has a death count like no other. He's been destroying things for twenty-six years, Cas—practically nothing—and he's murdered thousands. Thousands of people for nothing."
Cas frowns and leans away slightly. "No. I want to help you because I don't think…I don't think anyone deserves to be forced into the life you have."
Dean laughs, and Cas is fairly certain it's the first time he's heard him laugh out of genuine, cheerful amusement. "Come on, Angel. I think I've threatened your life before, that's less romantic."
“Son of a bitch.” He glances at the darkening sky. “So, we’re in the final countdown here and it’s just you and me?”
“The sky, Mr. Spock,” Dean says, rolling his eyes as he taps Cas on the shoulder and points. “It’s Montana, they don’t call it Big Sky Country for no reason.”
“A case.” She takes it in her other hand and holds it out to him. “I think I’ve got everything I need for it, but I wanted to run it by the expert” —she says it with a hint of sarcasm— “before I head out.”
Dean sighs. "No," he says, and the answer surprises Cas. Dean finally looks at him. "I don't. I mean, I….A lot has happened that never should have. But in the past six weeks, I've felt more alive than I have my whole…life, if you want to call it that."
"I think this is it," Dean says slowly. "I mean, I'm sure it's not the actual car, but it's the same model."
Cas frowns and looks at the prices written on some of used cars' windshields. "Most of these are several thousand."
They take him for more imaging, which takes about fifteen minutes in total, then he’s returned to his room. He’s alone for a few minutes before the curtain opens again, and he expects it to be his brother or another nurse, but it isn’t.
It sounds cheesy in his head and twice he's scoffed at himself and picked up a knife so he could go kill someone, but both times he stopped. Something, and he's not even entirely sure what, has kept him clean. Is it that conscience Castiel seemed so certain he has? What does a conscience feel like, exactly?
"What are you doing?" He pushes the door closed behind him and approaches Dean with his hands raised. "Let it go. Just let the demon go, I can handle it."
Sam swallows and puts the glasses back on. The hound has curled up on the floor now and, despite the wavering and smokiness, looks strikingly like a normal dog. "So there's a hell."
He shakes his head, stepping back farther, looking at his hands as if they aren’t his. “What have you done to me?”
"Okay, um. I stayed with my adopted parents for my whole childhood. They were great, but I always knew I was adopted and it just…it just changed things, somehow. I, uh…" He searches for how to tell the story of a life he's always thought was pretty boring. "I…was valedictorian when I graduated high school. I applied to a number of colleges afterward, planning to get a law degree. I was accepted into Stanford, where—"
“I’m about two and half hours out—hell, I can make it two. Why are you in New Mexico, Sam? How did demons find you?”
Cas shakes his head and briefly presses his lips against Dean's wrist. "Look at what you're doing, though, Dean. Those aren't the actions of a man who deserves to go to hell."
Dean takes Cas's wrist and moves forward so that the angel's hand presses flat against Dean's chest. He looks Cas in the eyes and tells him softly, "I'm dying, Cas."
Heat radiates from him—he must be spreading his wings—and his form warps and shatters in a way Dean never saw in his dreams. Then he’s gone.
Cas's eyes narrow momentarily. Then he starts to nod and glances out the window at the sky. The sun is starting to set.
The prick of a paper cut on his thumb disrupts him again. He’s been absentmindedly tracing the edge of the page, and he caught the page just right to draw blood. With a reflexive wince, he watches the blood bead up and wonders when the last time he saw his own blood was. It used to be a weekly occurrence, at least. Now…
Cas shakes his head. He understands Dean's motivation for constructing a lie, but he doesn't necessarily agree with it.
He sits up slowly, but his head still throbs at him and as soon as he stands, his gut wrenches with nausea and he rushes to the bathroom. When he vomits into the toilet, he finds blood coming up as well. The Mark is growing impatient.
With a sigh, he tosses the bag of ice onto the bed and undresses on his way to the shower, leaving a trail of bloodstained clothing in his wake. When he opens the bathroom door again, ushering a cloud of steam out into the room, he quickly discovers he has no clean clothes left.
"Cas. Cas," he says, shaking him slightly. He's very still and he looks pale. "Dammit," Dean says, "I can't get you to heaven, how…?"
“I mean, she does make the most money out of the three of us,” Sam says. He glances at Eileen’s expression, then adds hurriedly, “Which definitely does not matter, because we’re all family and we do these things because we love each other.”
A realization seems to come upon the angel and he tips his head slightly to the side. "You feel guilty, don't you?"
Sam stares into the space where Dean and Cas had just been. If someone were to ask him how he feels in this moment, he wouldn't even know where to start. He hadn't known Dean long, but he felt a connection to him nonetheless. He felt that, in another world, he and Dean could've been great partners. Brothers like the world had never known.
Dean forces a smile. His eyes look dark in a number of ways—his irises have darkened again, though not to black, and the skin below his dark lower lashes looks sallow. He still has dried blood on his cheek. Any normal man might've looked like he was about to pass out.
The heat is so much more than what he remembers from his training burn all those months ago. Even though the windows have blown out, ventilation is poor and visibility is terrible through the smoke. Jack becomes acutely aware that his SCBA is the only thing separating him from a lungful of death.
Dean ducks behind the wall. He looks down at the dead woman at his feet, a conflicted frown creasing his forehead.
"Hey." He shifts so he can reach up and put a hand on the side of Cas's face. "I'm okay with this. I mean, I have to be, but…." He shakes his head. "It's okay. I've come to terms with it. Besides, hell is Crowley's domain. And he may not seem like it, but he's a pushover."
But the rest of him…the rest of him tells him to let it go. Hasn't he done enough for Dean by now? Has he not done everything in his power to help him?
"Look, I know you don't remember, but…Dad's car was just like this. He'd let me ride on his lap sometimes going down the road…. It's one of my only memories of him. She's more than just a car."
Dean's face is covered in blood from his nose to his chin and as Cas watches, he starts to cough again. The first sends a spattering of blood onto the floor before he makes it back over to the sink. His cough soon turns to retching, his whole body convulsing as he loses blood down the drain.
Dean knows where it comes from. He still sees the disgusted or betrayed looks on his father’s face, still feels the bruises he’d leave in inconspicuous places. He still knows the weight of that shotgun in his hands, the smooth curve of the trigger against the pad of his finger.
He's only been there a few minutes when he hears the older of the two—Crowley, the king of hell—say, "I never should have given any of those idiots my phone number. Pardonne moi," he says sarcastically as he slides off the barstool and answers his phone.
Dean struggles to sit up, head spinning, and grabs his pistol even though its magazine is empty. In his periphery, he sees Sam spit up blood.
Cas leans in, running his finger around the rim of Dean’s empty glass as he says quietly, “I’ll tell you exactly what to do and how to do it if we go somewhere more private.”
Yet Cas is the one who eventually draws back. He lets out a breath and releases Dean's shirt, setting his hand flat against Dean's chest.
No. The Mark has had a taste of its former glory. It thirsts for more, wills him to feel powerful again.
“Yeah. It should be fine for now, but you’re still going to want to get some parts replaced before long. It’s less about the gas and more about the igniter.” He takes a moment to explain the issue to Cas before he starts to put the oven back together. Then he adds, “Just make sure all your employees know about this so they can double check it before they leave. If I were a model firefighter, I’d probably tell you to stop using it at all, because it is a fire hazard. But I’m guessing that’s not very realistic for you, and it’ll be okay for a while longer.”
"Just believe me." He does a mental check to see if he feels any better, but strangely, it seems nothing has changed.
He tugs Sam’s arm down and forward. Sam cries out in pain and indignation, but Dean got his confirmation—he could feel the bone clunk back into its socket.
His hunch was correct. Dean shifts on his bar stool, watching Cas’s hand on the glass with his lips slightly parted. Then he swallows.
“Look, I appreciate the thought, but there’s a reason I left those military groups all those years ago. I’m not a part of it anymore. I don’t want to be involved in any of it.”
When Dean finishes the pie, he slides off the hood of the Impala and turns the engine off, and with it the lights. Then he grabs a beer and takes a seat beside Cas again.
"Yes. All I ever knew was that it was a car accident. They never told me what they were doing, just that I had to stay with a babysitter—and they just…never came to take me home."
“Yeah, and I said, ‘Go put the arm in the fucking ambulance with the patient, Fitz,’” the firefighter named Turner says, shaking his head. “Dude thought he was funny as shit for that.”
As he passes her periphery, she glances up and sees him watching her. She cocks an eyebrow. He smiles briefly before nearly tripping over a chair and carrying on toward the back of the library.
“I haven’t known you long, but you seem to give so much and take so little. That can’t last forever.”
Cas cocks an eyebrow and looks over at him. “Right now, I’m at a bar, talking to possibly the most attractive man in this town.”
Someone's mistake, someone's delay, and Dean never found out Sam had survived. Now his brother is adult with a job and a life and probably only a couple vague memories of Dean. He's probably very normal, all things considered. He would probably feel intimidated or repulsed by knowing what Dean has become.
"Well, we've got some time to kill. Come on," Dean says, giving Cas a pat on the shoulder before he steps out of the car and steps around the front of it to lean against the hood.
“Oh,” Cas says, as if he’d forgotten he was holding them. “Yes, they’re for you.” Seeing Dean’s face, he asks, “What? That’s still what you do when someone is in the hospital, right? Give them flowers?”
"Then why do I anger you?" Cas asks, turning but not following him. "How many people have you killed, Dean Winchester? How many times have you wondered whether or not it was the right thing to do?"
"This is it," Dean says, raising his eyebrows and spreading his arms. "There have been a few times I've felt strong emotions before and this is what happens. And you wonder why I didn't kiss you last night."
"Oh, god," he says to himself, digging around for his phone. When he comes up with it, he calls Cas and sits on the bed with the phone to his ear, his eyes shut tight as he hopes against all hope that he'll answer.
The next week is difficult to the point of being excruciating. They leave Texas for now to stay at an inn in New Mexico. Cas remembers that he should be angry at Dean for a whole slew of reasons, but he can't muster it. Dean seems to retreat into himself, as if he suddenly believes he's the last man on Earth. He's quiet—deadly quiet—and he drinks a lot, even smokes again on occasion. For the first few days, he doesn't cough or throw up blood, but then his condition deteriorates fast. He has some days where his hands shake so badly he can hardly open a bottle of beer and he spends hours in front of the sink or the toilet, and he has other days where he's prone to violent outbursts, whether it's slamming his fist into a mirror, throwing something across the room, or shouting at Cas for no reason. He would later apologize—he was back to stage one and the cycle started again.
Crowley's expression turns to mild surprise. "Really? And what's an angel doing with the likes of us?"
“How can you possibly believe that, Sam? After everything Yellow-Eyes did to you, you really think you’re chosen? By Heaven?”
“I have to be at the coffee shop this afternoon, but you should come visit. I’ll make you a coffee and show you around. And the park is across the street. I’m sure I’ll have time to step out for a bit.”
"I don't know, I'm not a human," he says, rolling his eyes. "I knew about demons practically from the time I was born. Figure it out."
And then there's Crowley. Sam has to admit to himself that he's been thinking about the king of hell a lot lately. He's all too aware that Crowley had kept from him and Dean that they were related, and feels he has no choice but to confront him about it.
Weeks go by and everything seems to pass normally. Crowley is disappointed that Amelia made it out alive because it means a deal has been unfulfilled and he's just lost a soul. But though Dean stays near the bar for the next few days—and Crowley refuses to leave his side—Amelia never returns.
"Not the way I intended," Cas answers, looking at the blood soaking into his trench coat from where the king of hell had cut him.
As he pulls back onto the road and the police lights turn off behind him, his mind is quickly drawn to the dream he’d been having. Strange, how lucid he had been at the end. That was no memory, or even a bastardization of one—it was as though someone had actually been inside his dream. The same someone he had almost seen a few days ago, but decided to shoot at before asking questions.
"When I got close to you," Dean growls, his upper lip pulled into a snarl, "the first thing I thought about was how nice it would be to stick a knife in your back. I could kill you, Cas; I would kill you, and the idea that we could ever be close without me getting that urge is absurd."
Last night after he'd gotten back from the argument with Dean, he had stood in the middle of the hotel room, thinking, for about two hours before he realized he was actually tired of thinking. So he'd decided to try to sleep. Not knowing how exactly one does that, he just lay down in the bed and closed his eyes and tried to shut his brain off.
The woman is kneeling beside him, looking shaken, and he realizes she's the one he nearly hit. She lowers her phone only slightly. "What? No, you're confused, just give me a second."
“When I was younger, I thought I was leaving because I was better than this life, better than you and Dad. It wasn’t that. I never deserved to be a part of this family in the first place.”
“Look, Dean, I’ll explain everything when you get here, I promise. I can’t talk any longer, I’m not sure if they can hear me. It’s an old warehouse at one fifty-six Alto Road.”
The wait is excruciating, but the door and salt line both hold. Sam tries to come up with what he’s going to say to Dean about hunting, about why he’s not in Palo Alto, about why he hasn’t called since September.
Sam smiles vaguely. “Yeah.” He stands at the window of his second-story apartment while he waits, watching students walk to and from campus. He used to walk this route to class with Jessica the semester they had a lecture together.
He drains the rest of his beer and doesn’t bother changing out of the fed threads before taking the piece of stationery and going to his car.
He captured the last one instead of exorcising it immediately, and as much as he hates to keep it in its current vessel, he needs answers about this demon leader he keeps hearing about. He hasn’t heard a name, but she seems to be the talk of demon-town.
It makes him want to drive off the face of the earth, into some other world where he could know, for once, that his job was done and his little brother was safe.
Cas steps away with a frown. "What just happened? I was able to fix it for now, but I couldn't identify what was causing it."
"I assume you already have my next target figured out," Dean says after they've ordered their drinks.
Sam sighs. "Alright. I'm a bartender, you've got your alcohol. Talk. Tell me what's on your mind. Tell me about Dean; you know him better than I do."
"How blind are you, Angel?" Dean asks, but he doesn't quite sound angry, just exasperated. "I didn't turn you away because I didn't have any feelings for you; I did it because I do."
"He's a demon, Sam. You can't expect anything else from him. There's no coming back from the Mark of Cain."
Dean shakes his head. "You misunderstand, my friend," he says, slightly theatrically. "This—" he gestures to the beautiful black beast in front of them "—is your car."
"My best piece of advice would be not to sweat it too much," Sam says, seemingly unaware of Crowley being deep in thought. "Either he'll come around or…maybe he wasn't the friend you thought he was. Sometimes people seem irreplaceable, but there are always others to meet."
Then the demons screech and scatter throughout the room. Dean looks up to see Cas—eyes glowing, hand outstretched to pull the demons away from Dean. There are three demons, two restrained by Cas and another swirling up behind him.
The next day, Dean is on the medical floor for observation. Aside from episodes of horrid nausea, his condition hasn’t worsened enough to indicate his lung re-collapsed or his brain has started bleeding, and he’s determined to be discharged by the end of the day, whether the doctor agrees or not.
So, for Jo’s sake, he’ll drive as long as he can before he needs to pass out for a few hours and start again in the morning.
“No, it’s fine, it’s great.” It takes effort to keep his voice even. “You can set them on the counter over there.” As Cas does it, Dean tugs on his IV and says to Jack, “Do you think you could find my nurse? This IV feels weird. Her name is Cindy or something. Black hair.”
Cas sighs in resigned aggravation and turns away. It seems like every time he's almost gotten through to the demon, everything falls apart. He can only hope that with time Dean will stop shutting him out.
"You're not going to like any of them," he warns him. "You already know two. You can succumb to the Mark's temptation and everything will go back to the way it was. You get to live, but you'll be a demon. Believe me when I say that if you do that, there's still a place for you here. I can put everything behind us if you come back. But," he says with a let me finish look as Dean seems about to speak, "you don't seem to like that one very much. So. You could try to resist, as you have been. The noble thing to do. It could take weeks or months for the Mark to waste you away, but eventually it would. There would be a lot of margin for deviation from that path, in which case you'd be back at square one. Which…leaves us with option three. If you're desperate, if you're truly looking for a way out, there's one more choice. You'd have to kill just once more."
"He's not coming back," Alastair says with such certainty that Crowley wonders what his 'resources' really are. How would he be able to find him and Crowley isn't? "He's too busy with his angel lover."
"Of course," the angel says, and they start circling each other without thinking. "Not at all about what a vicious killer you are, or how you do everything Crowley demands, or the fact that you nearly killed an angel of the garrison just a few weeks ago."
He pulls a pack of cigarettes and his lighter out. Cas glances at him as he lights one, flips the lighter shut, and pockets it.
Dean looks down at the blood seeping out around the metal of the blade. He blinks and frowns a bit, as if confused that it's there. Then the frown starts to transform into the tightness of pain. He starts to gasp. He collapses into Cas, who releases the handle of the blade and catches him. He lowers Dean into his lap.
“I’m not arguing this with you anymore, Dean. You’ve got nothing. A hunch, at best.” He shakes his head. “We’re running out of time, people are already dying. Just stay out of my way.”
Dean pours the poison Crowley gave him over his knife blade and stands up. The girl gives a short scream and turns to run, but she stops short right before slamming into Dean. She freezes in fear.
“What view?” Cas says with a little furrow in his brow. “It’s dark, I’m surprised your human retinas can—”
Cas stands in the middle of the room, still staring at the door, trying to understand what this all means.
Alastair steps closer again and Dean backs up against the fence. "You're Crowley's weakness, Abomination. If I kill you, I'll—what do they call it?—break Crowley's spirit. I won't need to be his second-in-command; I'll be the new King of Hell."
He does notice, peripherally, that Dean’s car has gold-and-red Kansas firefighter plates, but in the midst of everything, he doesn’t think anything of it.
and I'm bleeding and I don't even know you and I…." He stumbles, even though he's just been standing still. Crowley—seemingly involuntarily—puts a hand on his arm to steady him, then removes it immediately. "And I think I'm going into shock."
“Yeah, I’m jealous.” Dean takes a pouch from Garth’s tin and offers a peppermint one in exchange. “Can you finish your damn certification any faster?”
Dean is on his knees at her feet. He holds his hands slightly in front of himself, looking at them and the shining red liquid that covers them like gloves.
Dean smiles, even though he's struggling to breathe. Each time he blinks it's longer before he opens his eyes.
"No. You don't understand how that thing works. If you stop killing, you're going to die. You don't just get to magically go back to being human."
“Yeah,” Dean says, watching another mile marker go by. “Well, I’m not gonna get all gushy on you, but I will say—hunting hasn’t been the same without you, Sammy. Apocalypse or not, I’d rather have you by my side than any other hunter.”
"Not the angel, you idiot. You, Dean. If you want a way out, you can end it all by choice. I'm not saying it's a good idea. But with the shape you're in, I'm guessing the Mark will let you die by angel blade." He shrugs slowly. "One way ends in demon, this one ends in death, and the other could go either way. Your choice."
Dean glowers, then turns to Sam. “I’ve been… I’ve been seeing Cas in my dreams for a few months now.”
Jack seems deep in thought when he gets home the next morning. He drops his backpack inside the door and goes to the kitchen without saying a word to Cas.
“Sounds like a plan. It doesn’t have to be a… I’m not intending for it to be a, you know, a date. Not yet. I mean, maybe some time, I just don’t know—”
"Right. We spent a lot of time topside when Dean was young. I had to keep him away from the demons, because they absolutely hated him. I think I learned as much in that time as your brother did. Since becoming King of Hell, I haven't spent as much time with humans as I did when I was a crossroads demon. Besides, I had a new perspective. I had a—a thing to take care of and teach and sometimes entertain." He pauses, his mind clearly far away. "You know, there was something about Dean that never fully went demon. He's a brilliant fighter—and you'd better pray you never see him in action—and he followed my orders almost every time. We had a mutual respect. But he wouldn't always listen to me. He still had some kind of morality. When I sent him on a mission, he'd always end up solving things his way. Justice was served in his mind, even if it went exactly against hell's needs. He always made sure to rid the world of the murderers and rapists, even if they weren't the ones on the list. Very rarely, he would give people second chances. No demon does that. But it worked. Hell was the best it's ever been with him around."
"You might want to lose the trench coat," Dean adds, looking over his shoulder as he starts the bike's motor. "Or button it for once."
Cas realizes he'd been staring at Dean's chest again and his eyes dart back up to Dean's face. "I—um—no. I've never seen them before."
“Cas? You okay?” His mouth feels dry, his eyes still watering from what he saw. He rises shakily and goes over to the angel.
He lifts his head from the desk some time later, realizing belatedly that he had fallen asleep but unsure what woke him. He glances around and starts when he sees Castiel watching him from across the room.
A middle-aged man answers and quickly ushers him into the bedroom at the back of the house, where a woman sits at the edge of the bed, leaning forward and gasping for air.
Crowley tightens his mouth and crosses his legs. Normally, his temptation would be to try to convince Dean to come back to his side. That's what he wants, after all. But he sees something in Dean he's never seen before, something oddly human, and if Crowley had a conscience, this might be said to reach it.
Cas shakes his head and pulls Dean into a hug. "You don't have to. This is all my choice, Dean. I don't mind."
"It's over, Cas. I'm sorry. We both knew failing was a risk when this whole thing started. This is it."
After a moment of nothing happening, he returns to his bed and sits down with a sigh. In a way, he misses the simplicity of heaven. Once, he felt such strong allegiance to heaven. He was different, but he was good at being an angel.
Cas’s smile broadens, and then he seems to chase it down. “I’m sure Jack is back from radiology now.”
Dean shoots him an annoyed look. “Well look, your holiness, we humans may be primitive, but if there’s one thing we do—a lot, especially in my line of work—it’s get hurt. So, I may know a thing or two about dealing with that.”
He’s bold—almost too bold—but this is why Cas is here, isn’t it? Whether he’s willing to admit it to himself or not. And whatever Dean has going on is working for him. He doesn’t have him entirely figured out yet, but he has a hunch he’s willing to take a risk on.
“Carve a pentagram into one and it’ll trap a demon in place while you exorcise it. Can’t move, can’t smoke out. Of course, it hurts their vessels, too, so we try not to use it unless we have to. But hell, sometimes it feels like we’re fightin’ a war, and we get desperate.”
The angel keeps his face turned toward the sky. “I’m a multidimensional celestial being, I don’t need a home. I’ve always returned to the service of the Lord.”
He pulls back onto the road, focusing carefully on the sound of the vehicle and the pressure he puts on the pedals rather than the sound and sensation of other cars passing him. It's not so bad, all things considered, though very different from riding a motorcycle.
Dean gives him a brief glance. "Neither am I. But let's stash the issues, just for tonight, okay? We're gonna go on a date, we're gonna have some fun, and we're gonna pretend all this crap isn't happening."
Riot steps slowly up next to Sam, but he's still doing some combination of a growl and a whimper. His ears are flattened now and he stands close to the ground.
He pulls the weapon away and drops it to the ground, his hand shaking. Cas starts to collapse and Dean wraps his arms around him to catch him. Cas tries to keep his head up, but the blade has pulled the strength out of him and his head falls onto Dean's shoulder.
Sam shrugs tiredly. “Probably forever. I’m just still learning how to do it well. When I started getting visions about Lilith, that’s how I saw myself killing her. I tried to do it to the demons back in New Mexico, but I couldn’t, especially not three at once.”
Dean swallows the blood in his mouth and sits up, trying to look like he's not struggling too much. "It's okay. I'm fine."
“He probably never will. Dean isn’t willing to do what you did and figure out how to live like a regular person. It makes him feel selfish, I figure.”
His arms are decorated with a combination of vines and barbed wire, which twist from his wrists to his shoulders; Cas has seen these before when Dean was wearing short sleeves in front of the Texas bar, but he'd barely noticed them or the fact that they were permanent ink embedded in his skin. A single strand of wire from each arm meet and cross at his collarbone. His right biceps bears a human skull while the underside of his left forearm has some kind quote on it, though Cas can't read it.
Jack is stunned. He knows from his textbooks that the chance of recovery after CPR is minimal, even if better than without it, but he never imagined it would be like this. He spent the last hour looking into this woman’s unfocused eyes, acting alternately as her heartbeat and her breath, and it was all for nothing.
"It's almost closing time, sir," Sam says, breaking the demon from his thoughts. "You probably noticed, but I thought I should let you know."
Dean takes Cas's arm and starts to lead him back toward Dean's bike as Jo walks away. Once he figures she's out of earshot, Dean doubles over and lets himself cough. Blood spatters onto the sidewalk.
Cas grabs Dean’s jacket with one hand, forcing him to stay upright as he punches him once, twice, three times across the face. Dean feels his cheekbone crunch and the warmth of blood running down his face, out of his nose.
Jo narrows her eyes. She looks like she might ask more, but she stays quiet. She isn’t willing to show the blatant disrespect Dean was.
"Kermit, Texas." When Dean gives him a look, he adds, "I know it's a bit far, but you've commuted farther. Besides, it wouldn't be as much of an issue if you had transportation better than that bike of yours."
Dean finds his first aid kit and has Cas sit on the bed with his wing folded forward so Dean can sit on the floor to work on it. The feathers aren’t exactly that—they’re not soft so much as smooth and, in places, sharp, as if each vane was made of a thread of glass. Still, underneath it all, there is flesh from which the grace keeps flowing. The heat and glow of the wing is less than Dean has ever seen it, which he only realizes is a conscious effort of Cas’s when he prods the wound too harshly and the wing flares, hot enough Dean pulls back reflexively.
bravo-charlie: there's also alpha and delta. These refer to sides of a structure, with alpha being the front (street-facing) side and charlie being the back.
Dean has never been on a date—not a real one, not one where someone doesn't end up dead, or where its finale isn't a one-night stand—but this feels a lot like one. And it's a beautiful thing. Sitting on the hood of his very own '67 Impala, talking to Cas, watching him watch the starry sky with a unique mix of centuries-old wisdom and childish wonder that only Cas could do. It becomes almost easy to forget that Dean is dying, and that all of this is temporary, and that sometimes he still gets that beast in his chest that asks, begs him to kill Cas. It becomes almost easy to understand this "happiness" emotion. Dean has never had a home; not as a child and certainly not as a demon—home is a concept demons simply don't get. But this, somehow, feels like the closest to home he'll ever get.
He gets out of the car and goes to the trunk. It’s just stopped raining and the ground is wet, puddles glinting in the fading light. He grabs Crowley’s knife and straps the sheath to his belt, then holsters his pistol full of devil’s trap bullets. He slams the trunk more forcefully than necessary, and a tightness catches in his chest—a sob or a scream, struggling to surface. He shuts his eyes, forces it down.
Sam tosses the shovels into the trunk while Dean strips out of his bloodstained shirt and scrubs the dried blood off his chest with a washcloth. He made the mistake once of driving back to a motel without changing clothes after a hunt, and he had a lot of explaining to do to the cops when they stopped him for speeding. But it’s cold now, so even though he makes it fast, he’s shivering by the time he throws on a different shirt and his leather jacket on top.
"Go," Dean says, looking up but not quite making eye contact with Cas. "Just go away for once. I'm done with you. I'm done with all this bullcrap."
“Why not? If he’s really getting visions, and that angel said he knew what to do, it seems like he might be right.”
"I saw the way you two interacted. This wasn't the first time you've met—I'd even say you like him."
Cas nods. There's a pause, and then he says quickly, "About what happened down there, I should explain—"
Sam isn't sure where exactly Crowley's directing this last statement, but he finds himself no longer angry with the demon. It's not as simple as he thought it was. There's no black and white evil and good. Even the king of hell has emotions.
A black motorcycle pulls up to the parking lot of an old bar and its rider kicks down the kickstand. It's dark outside—it's been many hours since the sun set—and drizzling rain patters down on the tin awning that stretches out in front of the bar.
She starts running and he turns around, leaving the classroom just as the teacher collapses to the floor. The floor around her smolders.
He stands there for several seconds, holding both knives with a grip tight enough to snap a man's neck, chest heaving from adrenaline and the purity of pain. He looks at the bodies around him. This all may have happened in a back street, but he's guessing someone saw and called the police. His time is limited.
She sighs and pops the top off another bottle of beer, flinging the cap into the dark parking lot. “I don’t blame you, Dean. For what happened to my mom.”
He shakes his head, but he can't fully find it in himself to argue. "You don't—you're sure this is what you want to do? This is your only option?"
The angel raises his sword, and it lights aflame. Dean dives to the side just in time to hear the blade slice the air above him. He scrambles to his feet and draws the knife from his belt, bringing it up just in time to intercept the sword again. The blades seem to repel each other, bouncing apart like opposing magnets, and the force causes Dean to stumble back.
Morning mist from the river hangs over the fire station as Jack drives up to it, washing it in a pale-yellow glow. He’s a full twenty minutes early, and even though he knows the door code, he feels awkward going in just in case people are still asleep. He parks in visitor parking, because he doesn’t really feel like he can park with the crew, and tries to peer into the bay windows at the fire trucks inside. When he was hired and got a tour of the station—last week—he was excited, elated. That feeling is still there, only now he’s nervous, too. He’s heard about the hazing probationary firefighters face at some departments, and he’s not sure if Eaton Springs is going to be one of them.
Dean shakes his head and takes a breath like he might say more, but he starts coughing again and coughs until he gags. Then he drops his head back against the gurney, face drawn tight, trying so hard just to breathe.
In the back of the ambulance, Jack helps Dean out of his turnout coat and Garth starts an IV. Jack listens to Dean’s lungs, and he doesn’t have enough experience to know for sure, but they don’t sound good. The right lung seems noticeably quieter than the left, which might mean a collapsed lung, but even the left sounds wheezy—of course, Jack knows Dean smokes sometimes off-duty, so that might be normal for him.
Then Cas feels a knife slide into his back. For a moment, he feels nothing. No demon has a weapon that can work on an angel. As he starts to turn, his head gives an abrupt throb. His vision starts to blur, and suddenly his veins are on fire.
"You've got to be freakin' kidding me," Dean says under his breath as he looks more closely at the profile picture displayed. The man looks familiar, but it takes him a moment to place him.
“Belial,” Lilith says from doorway, “leave him and the blonde to the hellhounds, they'll drag them to Hell. Keep Sam Winchester alive.”
He sits up and looks over at the clock on the bedside table. 8:19. Strange. He had no sense of time passing while he was asleep. He doesn't feel any different now, either, and he has to wonder what the appeal is. Though he'll admit to himself it was nice to not have to think about this mess of a situation he's in.
“Look at you, a successful business owner.” Bart looks around. “It’s got a… West Coast kind of feel, not quite Kansas, but hey, always good to bring something new, right?”
He shoves the window open and slashes a hole in the screen with his knife. “Come on,” he says, lifting Tasha out and setting her down outside. “Go out front and find your brother. You’re gonna be okay, I promise, just go.”
Something feels off. Aside from his internal barrage of resentment and conflict, something feels different.
Dean comes to after only a few seconds. His eyes open suddenly and he starts back into consciousness. His eyes look to be a lighter shade of green than they'd been a moment ago.
He lights a cigarette and fills his lungs with smoke as he props his foot up on the chair. If there's one thing he's noticed about Kermit, it's that it's hideous. Flat, dry terrain for as far as the eye can see.
"They're beautiful" is the first thing Cas thinks to say. "The tattoos, I mean." He's not really certain what else he could've been talking about, but his thoughts seem on delay. He's distracted looking at the ink on Dean's back. The words 'Highway to Hell' are spread across from one shoulder to the other in a kind of font that matches the barbed wire on his arms. Below that, a spinal cord runs along his own and wings lay to either side of it—bat-like, demonic wings that are mostly shades of gray except for hints of red along their membrane. They take up the majority of the skin on his back.
Sam seems to catch on to the situation faster than Dean. He goes to his kitchen drawer and brings back a pair of glasses, which he hands to his brother.
"You think I don’t know all the things you’ve done for me? All the times you lied that you’d already eaten, then gave me the last of the food? All the times you took the brunt of Dad’s anger for me, whatever that really meant? All the times you saved my ass on a hunt, you bled for me? The things you did to keep a motel room, keep us fed… And what did you ever get for it? Me, bitching that you were trying to control my life. Me, leaving you with Dad and telling you not to call me, not to drag me back into your mess. That was what I said, ‘your mess.’”
"I know, I know," he says. He has a look in his eyes. "Cas, I need to talk to you. I've—I've changed plans."
Dean looks through the window into the Roadhouse. Less than a week ago, he’d been sitting at that bar while Sam and Bobby drunkenly threw darts. Ellen had reached the point of intoxication where she started laughing at everything, and Jo teased her savagely for it until she reached the same state.
"No," Dean chuckles. "I mean about something else. When you were talking about what it is to be human, you said you can't feel emotions the way they do. You can't try to tell me that now."
"You're not insane, Sam," Dean says again. "You don't think it's a funny coincidence that my name is Dean and I only look a few years older than you? I know it's been a lot of years, and I've—I've changed, but you remember me, don't you?"
The man nods and steps back to the woman down the bar from him. Amelia. Crowley, king of hell and all, happens to be extremely perceptive to emotions and he can tell at a glance that the bartender is infatuated with her. He smiles too much, too awkwardly, and keeps running a hand through his hair every time he turns away.
"You've been bored, haven't you, love?" Crowley muses as he strokes Juliet's head. "I have something for you to do. Find your sister. Find Ophelia. She's been waiting for a command from me, and I want you to give it to her: kill Sam Winchester. No, she'll know who he is. Find her, you'll find him."
Alastair lets go and two demons grab Dean from either side, holding him open for an attack. Alastair buries his fist in Dean's solar plexus and gives him a savage slash across the cheek with his knife. Dean can feel the hot blood start to rush down his face as he gasps for air.
Dean shakes his head, but Cas can sense Dean watching him carefully as he turns Dean's arm over, as if he's hesitant or self-conscious.
Intending to turn him around, he reaches out to put a hand on Dean's shoulder. Before he can get within two inches, Dean has grabbed his wrist and pulled him down until he doubled over, wincing as the demon yanks up on his arm but shoves down on his shoulder.
Dean seems to look over his shoulder, but instead says low near Cas’s ear, “I can think of a few other things of yours I might want to taste.” Then he shrugs and downs the rest of his whiskey as if it never happened. “Just an offer.”
Dean mutters a cuss word and wipes the blood away with the back of his hand. When the stream doesn't stop, Sam grabs a towel from the kitchen and tosses it to him.
"Riot, there's nothing out there." But Sam goes to the door to check. The motion-sensing light has been triggered, but it illuminates an empty yard in front of an empty street.
Sam blinks, and his eyes shine with growing tears. “God damn,” he says, wiping his cheek. “You would have to say that after I’ve been terrified for your life. Jerk.”
He sees a man. He sees a man with a gorgeous and genuine smile, with mischief in his eyes and ink on his chest because it told a story about who he was once, but he's not haunted anymore.
Dean spins a slow circle, looking at the cars in the lot around him. "I told you, I refuse to go around via angel travel. I'm not getting any more used to it. And this is leading up to the something normal."
Cas's frown deepens. "What do you mean?" He sees Dean shift to stand up and he holds out a hand to help him up. Dean narrows his eyes briefly, but accepts it.
“Do you still feel it? My soul?” Cas’s grip on his jacket loosens, and Dean presses the angel’s hand flat against his chest. “You said it felt like home.”
“I was just passing through, thought I’d say hi,” he says defensively. “You told Hannah about this place when you first bought it, and she told me I should check it out while I was here.”
All of his senses change. There is no touch anymore, no boundaries. He sees himself collapse onto the ground even though he's not looking.
“Okay, okay. I’ll call him. Thanks.” He hangs up before Bobby can ask any more questions. With some dread, he calls Dean.
"Hey thanks for bringing me here, Cas," Dean says. Pulling on water-soaked pants is proving to be a struggle.
Dean chuckles, not entirely without shame. “Nah. I’m in Kentucky at the moment.” He glances around to make sure no one is around, then adds, “Just killed a ghoul that was terrorizing the locals. I wanted to see if you had anything goin’ on between here and there. I figured I’d head your way for a little R and R, but if you know of anything on the way, I’ll make a stop.”
Cas steps over to him and puts a hand a few inches from the wound. He feels the warmth under his hand as he starts to heal it. "It does. I've seen it."
"Cas, I'd take that healing now," he says, glancing around. There are a few people going by, but for the most part they're minding their own business, not as concerned now that Dean is standing up and has two people with him.
He looks up, startled. But it’s only a moment before Dean sees him process it and move on. “I don’t think it will. And if it does…” He smiles tightly, and a tear runs down his cheek. “I guess Dad was right. You’ll have to figure out how to pull that trigger, or someone will.”
Cas leaves his room and heads down the hall to Dean's door. He raises his hand to knock, but hesitates. Maybe he should just go back to his room and leave the demon alone.
Alastair feigns surprise. "You don't know, do you? Yes, your precious pet is consorting with angels. That's probably why he left; he's being corrupted."
"No," he sighs, "not necessarily. Eventually I might tell him the truth. I just can't open with it." He takes Cas's arm and looks over at him. "Well, we know the address. Let's go, Ang—Dentist." He smirks.
When he manages to get his pants and belt back on, he walks slowly back out to the bar. He asks to pay his tab, but apparently Dean already did it.
“I’m fine. You know. I’m good. I just figured since I asked for your number, I should actually make good on that and call you.”
The werewolf bares its teeth, snarling, and stalks closer to Dean. Lit from behind by the lamp in the park, its oversized shadow stretches across the grass.
“I received revelation,” Cas says evenly. His eyes remained locked to Dean’s for a moment longer before he steps aside and looks to Sam and Jo. “Lilith is powerful, but so are the seals she’s breaking. She’ll grow weaker the longer you wait, and she has only broken forty seals so far.”
Cas, the heartbroken look still on his face, pulls Dean into a hug. "It's not really you, Dean. That's not who you are."
“And I’m not tryin’ to make you feel guilty, kid. The fact that you got out of huntin’ is… you have my respect, let’s put it that way. I’m just sayin’ maybe you and Dean should do a better job of keeping in touch.”
"Dean," Cas says so he'll look at him. "For once, listen to me. I know this is hard for you. I don't really know what it's like, so I can't pretend to. But you're not helping either of us by giving up on yourself."
The lighter flicks off and the man cocks an eyebrow, glancing to his left as he's approached by someone else. He takes a pull off his cigarette before removing it from his lips. "Crowley."
"I know," Dean says quietly. Then he clears his throat and says more loudly, "It's just how I am, Cas. I don't know if I'll ever stop thinking like that."
Sam lets go of his badge. “I’m not sure I’m okay with how nonchalant you are about this. You almost died.”
"I don't know," Crowley admits. He lifts a hand and sets it on the hellhound's flank as it comes up to him, growling at Sam. "No one in my lifetime has ever used the Mark of Cain curse."
"Dean," Cas says, shaking his head and frowning. He sets his hand against Dean's cheek and puts his thumb over Dean's lips. "I'm not going to try to tell you that it's okay and nothing you've done matters. I don't know what you've done. But I can tell you that that isn't who you are. Not really. Just the fact that you're here, suffering these—these injuries because you won't kill anymore…that says everything. You did that on your own, Dean. I might have been there, but this isn't my doing."
Cas a moment of clarity above his arousal as he makes his way to the men’s room. It’s absurd, the whole thing—he hasn’t flirted like this or, god forbid, fucked in a public restroom since he was in his twenties. But maybe that’s part of what’s so enticing about it.
He glances over, then looks back to the road. "Yeah. Sure." They're on the way to a restaurant where they'd agreed to go on their first official—and possibly only—date. Music plays quietly on the radio in Dean's car, something he'd called soft classic rock and had been listening to a lot lately. Cas has also noticed that Dean seems to have come to enjoy driving, only seeming uncomfortable on the occasion of passing a large vehicle on an undivided highway. Cas never fails to be impressed by Dean's ability to stow away fears.
Dean takes a pull off his cigarette and looks down the road, sighing. "I'm not ready. I have no idea what the hell I'm doing. But I'm starting to put together a lie in my head and I'll work it out."
He turns to the last flickering flames of the pyre. "Were any of you watching? At the end? I said something, and I don't know…I don't know if he ever heard me."
“Jack!” It’s Garth, approaching from outside, grabbing his arm and pulling him to his feet. “Come on, get out of there.”
His dad emerges from the back wearing a pale pink t-shirt and a denim jacket with the sleeves pushed halfway up his forearms. The weather is beginning to act like it’s spring, so his dad’s wardrobe is changing accordingly.
The blue glow fades and Castiel looks to the other occupants of the room. Dean steps aside, anger still burning, coiling in his gut.
“What the fuck, man?” Dean says, glowering. He reaches back to find the grip of his pistol, but doesn’t draw it.
Dean raises his eyebrows and sets his glass of whiskey aside. He’s been drinking since ten this morning, but he’s still not drunk enough to be ready for this conversation.
"You can't stop killing," Crowley hisses. "I told you a thousand times when you were younger. You'll never be able to stop."
Jack limps out alongside Garth, and the moment he’s away from the smoke he tears off his helmet and mask, sucking in the fresh air as if he’s never experienced it before, doubling over with his hands on his knees.
“I don’t know. I think it did, I want to believe it did.” Sam rests his elbow on the lip of the car window. “But I have to admit, sometimes I still feel something… dark inside me, some kind of anger. For no reason. And I haven’t acted on it, of course, it’s just… there, in the background.”
Dean shakes his head. He opens his eyes and cuts the connection to Cas. He has more power over the vessel for now. He can feel the burning in Cas's veins start to fade away, the wound in his back start to heal. Then he gets pulled, ripped away, forced back into his real body. That'll have to do for now.
She nods, a little frantic. Jack has found his way back to the bedroom and is setting the jump bag on the floor, unzipping it and pulling out the pulse oximeter and the blood pressure cuff.
“I think so.” He drops bread in the toaster and turns around, leaning against the counter and folding his arms.
“My bad,” Dean says, raising his hands. “You’ll have to forgive me, most of the coffee I drink comes from drive-thrus. I don’t go to coffee shops very often.”
Sam nods. "I guess, yeah. They have a five percent acceptance rate or something. Anyway, I stayed there for three years, but something…something stopped me. I don't know, it just didn't feel right to make my life that complicated. I felt like I needed something simpler, at least for a while." He shrugs. "It's been four years now that I've been a bartender, so maybe I won't ever go back. I've got a lot of student loans, but I'll figure that out. I should've finished, but something about Stanford just didn't suit me right then."
When Dean and Cas appear back at the inn room they've been staying at for the past few days, Cas finds himself feeling oddly numb. Maybe it's because he has too many conflicting emotions and they've just cancelled each other out.
"Pretty much." He sets his mug on the coffee table and props his bare feet up next to it. With that and the fact that he isn't wearing a shirt, Cas can only assume he caught Dean not long after he'd just woken up. Though the demon seems unaware of it, it shows a tiny bit of vulnerability.
"I know that," Cas says, though he actually didn't and he hopes Balthazar is exaggerating. "But he needs help, Balthazar. He—"
“I take that back, I don’t want a cigarette.” He swallows down the retrospective horror of that sensation and shoots a smirk at his brother. “But I do need nicotine, or I may actually withdraw.”
"Oh," Dean realizes. "I can't see them anymore, can I?" He slides on the glasses and sees Julius standing by Crowley, looking as though he's itching to run over to Dean. "Come here, boy."
He closes his eyes and starts to say the incantation he'd only memorized a few weeks back. It's long and tedious and requires careful pronunciation, but in just over a minute, he's done.
"But I didn't want to," Dean says, his voice just shy of a whisper. "Even if I'd thought of it, I wouldn't have done it."
They spend an hour outside that house, trying to get the woman’s pulse back. It returns twice, but never for more than half a minute before it’s gone again, and Jack is back kneeling on the concrete to pump on the woman’s chest.
Instead of trying to fill the silence, Dean takes a long swig of bourbon. It still astounds him, in a way, that he spent two whole years with his brother as his hunting partner for the first time in his life, and now he can barely hold a conversation with him.
"I've tried to teach myself the constellations," Cas says, staring at the sky, "but there are still so many I don't know."
"He was not a demon. He was born human and he died human, Tessa. The choice he made that got him here—" his voice breaks and he has to take a breath before continuing. "It was human."
"You don't say." Dean looks down and shakes his head. "Look, I don't have the patience or energy for any bullcrap, so just pretend everything that happened before doesn't matter."
He sees Garth and the other member of the search team emerge from the house, Dean between them with his arms looped around their shoulders. Just by the way he moves, he looks like he’s barely conscious. The three stumble out to the yard a safe distance from the house and they set Dean on the grass, taking off his helmet and mask for him.
The first death comes at a retirement home forty-five minutes from Palo Alto, and Sam skips a lecture to drive down with her to finish the hunt.
Jack glances over at him—he’s looking out the window—and suddenly the dates tattooed on his arm make sense.
"Another tip," Dean adds with an extremely unamused expression. "Don't appear and disappear right behind people."
Dean looks mistrustfully at him and Cas notices his fists are clenched. "That's why you want to help me, huh? Because you're a lost cause?"
“You’re acting awfully stiff, buddy,” Bart says. “You’re not still mad about the time I accidentally called you a fag, are you? I mean, I don’t judge—”
Crowley walks past him and opens the doors to the throne room. "Take him to a cell," he says to the demons outside. "I'll deal with him later."
"Well, I figured once you were dead, Dean would eventually come back and we could continue running hell as before."
Dean scoffs as he pulls on a pair of leather gloves. "Crowley's anything but an idiot; he won't buy that. I've never really been stopped by anything, not even an angel. If I hadn't known you, you and the other guy would be dead."
The nurses and CNAs keep telling him to sleep, but of course he doesn't. Wounded or not, he's still an angel, and sleeping right now just doesn't make sense to him.
Cas flicks the blade into his hand and holds it out to Dean, who, after a second of hesitation, takes it.
They're back to Dean's motorcycle and they stop to face each other. Cas notices Dean looks tense, but he keeps talking. He looks the demon straight in the eyes and asks, "Have you ever really been happy?"
“Number-one rule of this job—EMS or fire, doesn’t matter.” Dean drops back to the floor. “Don’t get tunnel vision.”
This appears to be a throne room; a carpet stretches its length, it has pillars on either side, and it leads up to a…throne, he supposes, though it's really just an elaborate chair. Just to check, he puts on the glasses he'd kept in his pocket. Surely enough, there's a hellhound curled up next to the throne. He turns back toward the demon and starts when Crowley shuts the door and he sees someone pinned to it, clearly dead.
"No. No." His anger rises and falls again. "I don't…know what to do. But I can't stay around you. It was bad enough that I dragged you back into this after—you know—but then…. I never wanted to hurt you. We should part ways. This is only going to get worse."
The house remains quiet, and the room remains empty except for him. Eventually, the unsettled feeling passes. It must be his hunter’s sixth sense dialed up a little too high after his dream. He sets the gun aside and strikes a match to start the fire.
She smiles and rolls her eyes. Dean's trying to remember her name, but it's not coming to him. "Well, luckily for you, I love to sleep." She stands up and goes over to her pile of clothes at the other side of the bed. "But it's time to get up, big boy, because I'm leaving."
"I suppose you're right." Crowley sighs and it takes him a moment to start talking. "I've had this…this friend for the past twenty-something years. I'm not really a person who has friends, but this was the one exception, I suppose. We didn't always get along, but when it mattered the most, we always had each other's full trust. Probably a typical friendship, in a lot of ways, but I wouldn't really know." He looks up at Sam. "Do you want to hear any of this? It's a terribly dull story."
Dean pushes away from the wall. “Lilith said to keep Sam alive. You were out, you didn’t hear it. I don’t know if Sam did. But I know what I heard. And if she wants him alive, there’s no way he’s the one who’s supposed to kill her. Wherever Sam’s visions are coming from… it ain’t Heaven. And they aren’t leading him toward stopping the apocalypse. He’s spent too much of his life being manipulated by demons to suddenly be God’s chosen one.”
Sam dives into the storage room and slams the door behind him. The demons begin to pound on it, and he fumbles to pull out his container of salt and make a line in front of the door.
“Oh, bite me.” Sam’s smile fades, and he sighs. “Going back to Stanford was harder than I expected it to be. Harder than I’ve been letting on. It was easy leaving the first time, you know? It was all I’d ever wanted, I thought.”
Then he woke up and saw all the bodies. Some had been unconscious vessels and were probably in this same hospital. The rest…the rest had been elegantly murdered.
"Dean," he says desperately. Dean's eyes flicker and fall shut again. He's conscious on some level, but Cas can't tell how much. "I love you. I love you."
Dean pulls the brakes hard and yanks his handlebars to the right. His motorcycle starts to tip and skid out from under him, then slams into something—metal screeches and crunches and he's thrown forward. He hits the ground mainly with his shoulder, but his momentum is enough that he rolls several times before coming to a stop on his side.
His dad smiles transiently. “For some people, yes. But look, Jack… if there’s ever not a place for you somewhere you want to be, then you make it.”
Dean runs his finger up the underside of Cas’s cock, pauses briefly to tear the wrapper off a condom and slip it on, then takes him into his mouth. Cas inhales and braces one hand against the wall, the other on Dean’s head as he moves, hand and lips and tongue working in perfect unison.
“A candle got knocked over in my brother’s nursery or something. I don’t really remember the details, just hearing my mom scream and scrambling out of bed to find her. My dad stopped me in the hallway and handed me my baby brother, told me to get outside. I stood in the yard and watched the flames come out of the blown-out windows until Dad pulled me away.”
“They’re good,” Jack says with complete honesty. “I like working here even more than I thought I would.”
Sam starts when he opens his eyes again, jerking back hard enough he hits his head on the wall behind him.
“I can tell you she’s very close to completing it. Two seals left, I believe.” He sits in an armchair, firelight reflecting off his glass. “The final seal has to be broken in the crypt at St. Mary’s Convent in Ilchester, Maryland, during a full moon. That opens the only gate to Hell that Lucifer can pass through.”
“Why do you think I left hunting after the Devil’s Gate? Because after I saw what happened to the other people like me, after I shot Jake Talley in the back? I was afraid, Dean. Of myself.”
"You messed up royally," Balthazar says with some combination of surprise and amusement. He steps up to Cas and starts to heal his wound for him. "What happened?"
"Really?" Dean asks, sliding his feet off the table and leaning slightly toward Cas. He can't explain why he cares all of a sudden—maybe he's always cared, but only now is he human enough to notice it. "Shoot."
"You showed up when I told you to," Dean says as not-really-an-answer. He glances at his watch. "To the minute, actually."
"I'm okay," he says stiffly. "It's fine." He starts to feel lightheaded and amends his statement. "I just need to lay down…for a second…."
Cas hasn’t forgotten that the first man he ever kissed was killed by a land mine a week later. Even as a non-believer, he still can’t help but feel as though that means something about the trajectory of his happiness.
Cas frowns as Dean slips out of the stall and leaves the bathroom. He starts to button his shirt, and it occurs to him. Dean is still in the closet. He has experience, there’s no doubt about that, but it’s all in secret. It explains the way he dresses, the fact that he’s at the only place locals don’t frequent, the oddly insulting
Dean shakes his head and swallows hard. "I can't get away from it, Cas. I can't get away from what I am."
So Crowley takes his only option, though he's not optimistic enough to consider for a moment that it might work.
He can hear the ambulance and police sirens as he sits down in his car beside Sam, who’s already in the passenger seat.
Dean's glare doesn't waver. He strikes another match and tosses it in front of Castiel, where it catches on the ring of holy oil he'd made earlier.
The knife pulls away and Cas falls to his knees. He hears movement from Dean, but his sense of hearing is slipping away.
Sam stares at him. He blinks. "How does that thing exist?" Crowley's response had gone in one ear and out the other.
When he gets home to his apartment, he’s greeted, as usual, by his overly excited dogs. They’re both rescues, in a way, though Dean never identifies himself as a rescue-dog owner.
He looks up to find a tall, decidedly gorgeous man pointing to the seat next to him. It’s not as though there aren’t other places to sit—he’s choosing specifically to sit beside Cas.
He’s not sure what’s happening, but he starts scrambling, turning off his handline and fleeing the kitchen, nearly tripping on his and Dean’s hoses in his haste. Then there’s a thunderous crashing sound and something slams the top of his helmet, knocking him to the ground. Weight presses onto his back, pins his right boot to the ground, and heat threatens to suffocate him as the room lights up with fire again.
Dean speaks through his cigarette and only removes it at the end of his first sentence. "I've been doing the same damn thing my whole life. From the day you pulled me out of that car, all I've done is murder people for you. Sure, I've gotten a little taste of running hell, but honestly? Your job is boring, Crowley, and I don't want any part of this anymore."
"Oh, a lot of people come in here because they need to talk. They usually prefer to talk to the women, but I've had a fair few conversations myself." He shrugs. "Then there are other people who just want to be left alone. I took you more for a talker, but I could be wrong."
"That's crap and you know it," Sam says immediately. "Don't you dare think I would rather still think you died in that car crash than actually get to know you. Even if only for a few months."
At the laundromat, he pitches all the clothes from his duffel bag into the washer and leaves the load to run, sitting on the backless bench in the center of the room and pulling out his phone. He scrolls slowly through his contact list, watching the names of hunters and random girls from bars travel up the screen. He sees some of the hunters’ names, some he hasn’t heard from in a while, and wonders who on this list is still alive.
Dean tosses him a smirk over his shoulder as he leans down to pick their shirts up off the floor. He hands Cas’s to him and then pulls on his own. “We don’t want to be seen leaving together anyway, so I’ll head out and meet you in the parking lot.”
They were en route to a collection of demon signs in southern Minnesota when they caught wind of a purebred werewolf preying on residents of a trailer park in Spencer, Iowa. In the past two weeks since Sam rejoined Dean on the road, they’ve been working with Bobby and Ellen to strengthen a network of hunters and get the word out about the threat of a coming apocalypse. The demons, they’ve decided, must have another way out of Hell, because even with the Devil’s Gate long since closed, the number of freak storms, cattle mutilations, and reported possessions has been climbing. And Cas tells him Lilith is breaking seals at an alarming rate—twenty-three down out of the sixty-six.
He's alone today. Crowley is back in hell and, as usual, expects a report after Dean has killed Amelia.
"No, not that. I don't get why you're willing to let Dean do this. If everything was so great when you two ran hell together, why aren't you stopping him from choosing to die a human rather than continue as a demon?"
“There he is,” Bart says, beaming as if they’ve maintained any semblance of friendship over the last ten years. “My old guardian angel.”
Cas puts a hand on Dean's shoulder and suddenly they're standing on a rocky shore beside a pool of water.
He steps out and sees Bartholomew standing at the counter, his hair more gray and more receded but otherwise hardly different than Cas remembers. He has a pair of sunglasses perched on his head and wears a t-shirt with a gun-bearing logo on it.
“You have any visions while you were at Stanford?” Dean asks as he washes blood and dirt off his hands and forearms with the frigid water from the stream. “Visions?” Sam doesn’t look at him as he pats the dirt over the werewolf’s grave flat with a shovel.
"I'm not going to kill you," Cas says. "Not now. And obviously you're unable to kill me, so you should allow me to leave."
"Please, try me. I'd love to see what pretending to be human has done for you." He moves a step closer to Dean, the other demons blocking any possible escape. "You were never a real demon, Dean. You were never really anything. What makes you think you could ever be human?"
"Just like that?" Cas doesn't sound skeptical, just surprised. "The man inside made it sound like deciding on a vehicle is very complicated."
“Then, of course, there’s ‘Thou shalt not kill.’ Well, fuck, what about the hundreds of people I killed or injured in Iraq to try to keep our ground troops safe? Is that a sin? Is that justified? Is it only a sin if they were civilians, and justified if they were soldiers? In which case, where is the belief that life is sacred?” Cas shakes his head. “I can’t pretend I’ve come to terms with all that. But I know that trying to let go of it is a step in the right direction. I don’t know where yours is coming from, but if you can figure it out and start to move past it, I think you’ll be happier.”
Crowley spots something down the hallway behind Sam and quickly pulls him through the double doors at the end of the hall.
Cas doesn't respond and Dean opens his eyes. The angel is just looking at him with a slightly apologetic frown.
“This is real, Dean.” Cas’s eyes are black in the darkness. “You and I are real. Six months from now… I don’t know. It’s such a short time, normally I wouldn’t spare it a thought. But I suppose to you, it could feel much longer.”
Dean's expression breaks into a full sneer. "You pretend to read me, but you're a joke." He shoves past Cas to go back to the front of the bar.
“No, he didn’t, we did. You did. If you had told us about this, we could’ve made a different plan, we could’ve—”
"Amelia?" Dean frowns suspiciously. "I miss a chance to kill one person and suddenly I'm having second thoughts about what I've been doing my whole life?"
He looks down at the dying boy and his messy hair and freckles and pale skin. This boy…he could be the opportunity the king of hell has been looking for all this time.
Cas looks over at it. It's sitting on the couch where Dean had left it. He picks it up and checks the screen, which says it's Crowley calling.
Dean is pissed. Sam can tell during the drive to the inn, while he explains what he’s been doing but circuits the part about praying and visions. And while of course Dean puts his shoulder back in place and helps him clean the wound on his leg with the same careful, matter-of-fact attention he always uses, he’s pissed while he’s doing that, too.
Cas shoves Dean off of him. "You're never going to get away from it if you don't try, Dean. Telling yourself you're always going to want to kill me is like already giving up. You have to resist it. That's what this is all about—not just hiding every time you feel it."
"Cut the crap," Sam says. "We need to talk. You kept it from me that Dean was still alive, even when you were talking about him to me—twice. I said before you didn't owe me anything, but I'm pretty damn sure you owe me this."
Cas frowns and sits down in the car as Dean drops into the driver's seat. "But I think you know this world much better than I do."
Sam sits down in the car and shuts the door. Dean turns to the Roadhouse, listening to the growling engine fade. Then he slams his fist into the wall, the pain shooting up his arm, throbbing in his hand. Two of his knuckles start to bleed.
Hesitantly, Cas picks up the small box of tissues from the counter and hands it to him. Dean takes it but doesn’t use one.
Dean smirks. “I have no idea.” He grabs a triangle bandage from the first aid kit and ties it into a sling around Sam’s neck. “Better?”
“You’re tellin’ me.” Dean watches his brother lock the IV again and start to clean up his syringes. “You know, Sammy, I didn’t… I didn’t always do a good job looking out for you when we were kids.”
The angel sits on the steps of some building and watches people pass by in the cool morning air. He observes, he doesn't interact. Like a statue.
Dean finds himself slowing before he reaches the steps. He looks up, and it’s too light and too cloudy for the stars, but he knows they’re there and he can almost see them.
Jack begins to settle in at ESFD. He worries less about getting things wrong as he repeatedly proves his competence and faces fewer criticisms. He becomes familiar with the town and its people in a way he never could have in the past four years he’s lived here. He looks forward to shifts just as much for the times when nothing is happening as for the times they’re running calls.
“What were you thinking, man? You’ve always been with me or Dad when you hunt, you’ve pretty much never done it alone. Now you’re throwing yourself at demons two states away from your school?”
Dean is suddenly only a few inches from Cas, his hand gripping Cas's shoulder with his thumb in the hollow of the angel's throat. Despite the demon's unnervingly fast movement and aggressive posture, Cas doesn't flinch.
Cas keeps his expression unchanged, not reacting to the smoke since he knows it's what the demon wants.
Cas is fully unconscious—again—when he looks back to him. "No, no, no," Dean says quietly. "Stay with me, Angel. I love you. I loved you—I'm sorry."
"Just—explain the situation, tell him where we are. Say I told you to call. Tell him to get his ass here, but…discreetly."
“There was that one time I lost you at the park because I was trying to get in some girl’s pants. I had to call Dad when I couldn’t find you. And when you were little, you got pneumonia, and it took me three days to take you to the hospital because Dad didn’t have insurance and I thought he’d be mad about the bill.”
Dean turns away, pretending he heard something in the hall outside. He discreetly tucks his necklace into his shirt, where it feels cold against his chest. It had been partially covered by his jacket, but the chain had been visible enough he figured this was better.
Crowley considers for a moment, but he doesn't seem to be pondering the answer, he has the look about him as though he's constructing a lie. Then he shrugs. "Because I sent the hellhounds after you."
"You're in luck," Crowley says, raising his eyebrows. "I am." He steps to the side of Sam's bed and holds out a pair of glasses. "Put these on."
“So, you think this is it? You think this the point of no return for you? Or do you think you’d still try to go back to a normal life? Assuming the world doesn’t end and all that.”
“So, call me! Don’t—” Dean stops himself, pushing down the anger rising into his throat. “How long’s it been? Last time we talked, in September, were you hunting then?”
“It’s the night in that graveyard. I watch you raise the Colt at the Yellow-Eyed Demon, and then you miss. With the last bullet, you miss. Everything we’d been fighting for and everything that’d happened to our family, just all for nothing.”
Dean pauses, his gaze trailing down to the demons’ blood stains on Jordan’s denim jacket. It’s better to let his gaze rest there than on Jordan’s face, somehow—he’s attractive, a tall Black man with a sharp hairline and dark, lively eyes. He must be about thirty, fairly young for a hunter, not unlike Dean.
Sam sits on the floor against the wall, a bruise on his forehead and blood dried under one nostril, relief washing over his expression as he sees Dean.
Balthazar is shaking his head, looking at Castiel with disbelief. "You won't kill him and you didn't even heal me. What's gotten into you, Cas? I thought I knew you."
"Maybe." Cas was going to say more, but now he finds his gaze locked with Dean's and the words die before he fully forms them. When he'd first seen the pure black of the demon's eyes, he'd found it unsettling, but now he realizes there's some unearthly beauty in them. He and Dean are only a couple inches apart now and Cas isn't sure who's closing the distance, him or Dean; he cautiously reaches up to the side of Dean's face and starts to close his eyes.
Cas turns sharply and steps away as a middle-aged man in a business suit emerges from shadow behind them. Of course, Cas can see the demon inside.
The angel pauses in the middle of the room. Dean clings to consciousness by his fingertips, while Sam and Jo stir. Then Cas kneels beside Dean and presses two fingers to his forehead.
"He didn't care," Crowley says. He tips his head to side. "No, he cared at first. It took him a while to fully become a demon. But I told him you were dead, and he believed me." He looks distantly at the wall behind Sam. "He always believed me."
He’s not sure how the thought occurs to him, but in the moment, it makes perfect sense. He gets attacked by demons and monsters all the time in his dreams. Demons showing up without vessels? It’s too strange to be real. If he dies in a dream, he wakes up, so maybe he just needs to let this happen and he’ll be free of it all.
“Cas. Hey. You’re okay? I need your help. Sam is on his way here now and I have to get to Lilith first. If we can kill her, we can keep the final seal from ever being broken, and—”
"Stay away from me," he says, first as a threat, then again with what might be concern. "Stay away from me, Cas, or I might kill you."
The brothers step outside and Dean folds his arms, watching the taillights of a car disappear on the distant highway.
Dean grabs the rail on the ceiling and leans across the cot to look at something on the other side of the ambulance. Jack notices the tattoo just above his elbow—a traditional-style dagger and rose with a ribbon reading 12·05·54 - 11·02·83. He debates saying something about it, but Dean speaks first.
"No." He shakes his head and picks up his phone from the couch. "If I'm going to talk to him at all, I'll have to construct a lie. I mean, god knows what that would…" He frowns. "I have a message? From—" he unlocks the phone and checks his voicemail, "—Crowley?" He looks at Cas. "Did my phone ring while I was out on the bike?"
Cas nods and helps Dean to his feet. He had no idea how to put what he feels into words anyway. Maybe with time he can work on that.
He wears a black Henley with the sleeves pushed up to his elbows and faded jeans that might be older than Cas’s son. He looks tired, but he smiles when he meets Cas’s eyes across the counter.
"Dean," Cas manages, his face tightened with a pain that goes much deeper than the blade in his side. "Dean, look at me. Look at what you're doing."
It takes a moment for him to get an answer. "C—Cas. I need you right now." He speaks almost too slowly, as if measuring every word. "I know that I don't have the right to ask anything of you, but I need you, or I'm—I'm going to do something worse."
Sam winces and rubs the back of his head. "How'd you get in here? You weren't here, like, a second ago."
“I think it was a job,” Cas says, meeting his gaze. “I think it was a job, and I think I’m still coming to terms with the suffering I caused while doing it. I’m not asking you to feel the same way.”
Crowley sighs. "I don't regret giving you the Mark, even if you want me to. We had good times. There will never be another you, Dean."
Dean can see a demon appear behind the girl. "Well, you're not the usual type, are you?" the demon asks in a smooth voice.
Dinner that night is a sort of group therapy, and a grounding back in normalcy. While they cook—more as a group than usual—they talk about the call. They get out some thoughts and emotions, and then when the food is ready, they put it behind them. They talk about other things, they begin to joke and laugh, and Jack feels himself lifted from the heaviness of the day.
Dean steps onto the bumper and points to the wall of the ambulance near the passthrough to the cab. There’s a small whiteboard attached to the wall, on which is written: tourniquet, King 4, cot set.
Dean tosses his suit jacket onto the bed and loosens his tie enough to unbutton the top button of his shirt. With a sigh, he cracks open a lukewarm beer and drops into the office chair in the corner of the motel room. He has a mess of books and papers spread across the desk, varying in topic: some regarding lore about reapers, which he’s no longer convinced is what he’s hunting, some on demonology, and the rest about angels.
"Oh, Moose," his voice says from right behind him. Sam starts—he'd been pacing in the kitchen—and turns. "You've lived a good life, haven't you?"
He hears one of the demons screaming, then another gunshot. Through the demons’ infuriated cries, he hears his brother reading off an exorcism. Then there’s the roar of a demon leaving its vessel and a thud of bodies outside the door.
His dad sets a latte on a saucer in front of him. He’s poured a tulip pattern with the steamed milk. “No one could possibly have a good reason to dislike you, Jack. He’ll come around.”
Something about his interaction with the man named Crowley earlier strikes him as odd. He doesn't really dwell on it—he's had far stranger conversations with customers—but he feels like the man knew something he didn't.
Cas speaks carefully. "They were hit by a vehicle much larger than their own—I don't know what you call them. It was a head-on collision and it wasn't their fault. This all happened in the morning, yes? The other driver had been driving all night, I believe, and hadn't stopped to rest." He sighs. "Your mother died almost immediately. Medical help came, but they could only try saving your father. He was unconscious the whole time and he didn't…didn't make it to the hospital."
“Ah, don’t worry about him,” Garth says, standing and coming over to give Jack a pat on the shoulder. “He acts tough, but once you get to know him, he’s really just a big ol’ teddy bear.”
"Curious." Crowley appears in front of the doors so Dean faces him when he heads to them. "Don't let this be the last time I see you, Dean Winchester."
Above the crypt where Lilith waits is the church. Dark brickwork framed in white, a structural skeleton in the growing darkness. Wide, cracked steps lead to the double doors, and the ground-floor windows are boarded up. Above the doors is a stained-glass window, and above that is a cross, silhouetted black against the twilight sky.
It takes him about thirty-seven hours to track down the angel with nearly no leads except the marks on the map. He checks into a motel room for one night once he knows what town the angel will hit next, and within two hours, the wall is covered in pictures and papers and maps as Dean tries to figure out where a crossroads demon will be and when. From what he can tell, where there's a demon, there will be the angel.
They wrap the body in a tarp and lug it back toward the Impala, Sam carrying it under the shoulders and Dean carrying its legs.
Dean needs moment to take this in. It frames everything he'd thought about the incident in a slightly different light. "I don't know what to say."
He smiles. “Maybe. But I gotta be honest—the chances of us being in the same area at the same time again is… pretty slim, man. You know how the job is.”
Cas is almost upon him and he starts to turn, blade ready—and then he stops. The tip of the knife is just inches from the demon's back.
"What?" Dean laughs. "You actually…" Cas hears him step closer and feels his fingers tracing the outline of the golden angel wings on his back. "This is beautiful, Cas. And it…it matches mines, in a way. You're completely insane, you know that?"
"You don't want to kill anything," Cas says, almost pleadingly. "Remember? A demon isn't worth losing everything you've done so far, everything you've suffered."
“Me? Yeah, of course. Look, I gotta go. It’s late here and I’m hittin’ the road tomorrow morning, so. Have fun huddling around dictionaries or whatever it is you crazy kids do.”
Dean glances around before heading to the counter, the floor creaking under his boots. He doesn’t move through this space with the same confident ease he had at the bar—he really doesn’t visit coffee shops often, and this isn’t his usual crowd.
“Look,” Dean continues, “I’m not too much of an asshole to realize I was too hard on you earlier. So, you hesitated to get the albuterol. Whatever. It’s your second shift, ever. Honestly, kid, you’re doing great. You drive really well, even under stress. You’re good at taking blood pressures, which—believe me—most new recruits are not. You listen well, you care about patients, and you always want to be helpful. You’ll be really good at this job, so I’m sorry I chewed you out at the hospital.”
"Tell you what," Dean says. "Tomorrow. Tomorrow you and I go to lunch, we talk about all this and come to terms with it." He doesn't say it, but he thinks, because I don't know how much time I have left.
As summer approaches, they answer more calls, with more variety in the things Jack has to learn to handle. A few shed fires and vehicle fires introduce him to actual firefighting, and recreational activities introduce him to new types of injuries.
How can Crowley even be talking about the same person? Yes, when Sam first saw Dean in the bar, he no doubt had a frightening aura about him, but the person he'd talked to for a few hours last week…he'd been so human.
Cas nods. He vividly remembers Dean running a blade through his stomach, which had obviously healed as soon as Cas had pulled it out. It hadn't exactly been painful, but it was intensely uncomfortable.
Dean leans against the side of his car and looks out at the lonely road in front of the inn. It's freshly dark out and the air still feels warm and stale from the daytime. It feels confining, like it's pressing in from all sides.
"Where have you been my whole life?" Dean asks, and before Cas can give a very literal answer, he kisses him.
"Tired. Mostly tired." He starts to sit up and Cas helps him. He keeps the hand that had been supporting Dean's head on his shoulder instead.
He offers his hand, and she takes it. As he crosses to the window on the far side of the room, he glances out into the hallway. He can’t see Sam or the demon, but he can hear the demon coughing and smell the sulfur as it’s forced out of the human vessel.
Dean digs out a pair of jeans and puts them on before seeking out the coffee machine and setting it up to start brewing. It's been twelve days since he's killed anyone; this will make his thirteenth. He knows it's the longest he's gone in years and he's starting to feel some physical effects of it. The nosebleed was the start, and since then he's felt nauseous on and off and has started coughing. Nonetheless, he's still somewhat convinced that he should keep from murdering anyone. He remembers what Cas said about being human and it means more to him than the angel probably ever expected.
He sees Cas’s human form now, the Cas he knows and trusts, and he’s on one knee, his face is drawn tight with pain. His wings flash in and out of existence, as if he’s trying to tuck them away but they keep coming back.
“You’re gonna have a lot of questions for a long time, pal,” Dean says. “I suggest you try to forget about the whole thing.”
It's been a several days and Sam isn't sure why he hasn't heard from Dean. They'd had rough plans to meet up again, but when that day came, he never got a call. It disappoints and concerns him; Dean seemed pleased, even excited at the prospect of getting to know him, yet he'd completely blown him off.
Cas is on the roof when his phone rings again. He hasn't done much in the past week except sight-see—which is very hard to do in Texas, as there isn't much to see. He watches the sky and watches the humans, mostly. It's not a boring experience to him—he has infinite patience and, unlike many angels, he's fascinated by it. But it doesn't mean he's not lonely. He's never had a concept of loneliness until now.
"I don't know…I want to know how to live among humans. I wouldn't even know where to start—I already got in trouble with the law yesterday."
“I’m in New Mexico. Santa Rosa. I just need to know if there are any hunters nearby, I could use a hand.”
"Of course it means I'm evil," Crowley says as if he's just been insulted. "But even evil has standards. Besides, we had talked before and…I don't hate you. So I stopped Juliet. Simple as that."
Garth gives Jack a pat on the shoulder, then gets back in the fire engine with Rufus. Jack sits in the ambulance, glancing out the window to watch Dean, and he can’t help but think of his own mother. He’s lived a good deal longer now without her than he ever did with her, but he still dreams about her sometimes. He still keeps a picture of her in his room, and every now and then he talks to her, telling her about the things he’s proud of and things he’s ashamed of, telling her that he misses her.
"Not since you were human," the angel adds. "Oh, and I believe this is yours." He holds up a chain with a hooked blade pendant.
Dean snorts and steps up next to Crowley's throne so that he can pat the hellhound Juliet on her head. "I think you know me better than that." Juliet growls because she hates everyone but Crowley. She tolerates Dean, though, since she, like every creature in hell, knows to fear him. "Where's Ophelia?"
“I get wanting to do it for your dad—believe me, I do. But you’ve got…” He nods to the new bar, which isn't officially called the Roadhouse but it's what they all call it anyway. “You’ve got a life here. That doesn’t stick around when you start hunting.”
"Cas," he says, his tone surprisingly calm, but firm. "You can be angry. That's fine. Be angry at life, be angry at me, whatever. But I need you to level with me for a second here. I cannot go back to being a demon, not after this. You and I both know that. When I killed that girl in the motel room, I couldn't…." He shakes his head and regains his composure. "I can't do that again. But I don't want to wait this out, either. We already know the Mark is going to kill me. I don't want to waste away like that. That ain't me. This is the only solution."
Crowley has been both a father and friend to Dean throughout the years. He turned the human boy into a demon entirely for his own benefit; there's no doubt there. But he'd quickly grown rather fond of the child. He'd had to stand by the boy often to keep him from the abuse of other demons and from the hounds that so badly wanted to rip him apart. He'd failed on both accounts a couple of times, so terribly unaccustomed to having a responsibility like that, but it hadn't taken him long to learn to keep Dean by his side. Dean took strongly to Crowley after the first few years and liked to do everything Crowley did, even bossing other demons around.
New city. New motel. It's been over a week since Dean and Cas kissed for the first time and Dean's still uncertain where they stand on that. They've kissed only once since, and it was rather impulsive and in the parking lot. There's something in Dean that longs to be close to him again, to feel Cas's body against his, to see those striking dark blue eyes only inches from his.
