But he wasn’t himself he realized – or rather, he must have been the young boy he’d seen the other day, who had smiled and waved at him when he’d driven by in John’s car. And just like the boy, he was walking when John’s car approached from the main path.
“Yes, of course. Of course it’s all right,” John replied. John’s eyes were bright, lending his face a soft expression, and his hair was wet and slicked back across his head. Sherlock had never seen John nude before, and couldn’t tear his eyes away from John’s bare shoulders and chest. Sherlock thought, if he stepped closer, he would be able to see much more through the water. His instinct was to conceal that interest - he kept having to remind himself that John was his husband.
“They were accidents!” Sherlock insisted, and then at once, recalled how they had arrived at this situation. His eyes narrowed on John, deductions finally becoming clear.
Sherlock, as he had introduced himself, brushed away John’s gratitude, as if he had not just sent several men packing. “I dislike an uneven number in a fight, although I think you might have held your own without me,” Sherlock said, with a wide smile.
Even if the deduction seemed silly given the apparent disability, he knew he was right. He tried to picture Watson in Palm Beach and while he could see him looking well with a tan, he couldn’t see him happy in a place intended for vacation. Watson possessed a strength in his bearing, almost military, that spoke of steadfastness and loyalty. He had calluses on his hands from shooting a gun, likely for sport, and he imagined that Watson shot with precision and without hesitation. His face was unassuming but handsome, the lines of it speaking to years lived. Watson was not a soft, idle aristocrat – rather, he looked as though he belonged in a war zone defending his country.
“Some of them are,” she replies, clasping her hands in her lap.
Robert was still sniffling outside. Unpleasantness was one word for it.
He noticed Lestrade did not say Mary, or Mrs Watson, always simply saying 'she'.
He felt like he knew every bloody line by heart. He hated it.
John couldn’t disguise his surprise at the coldness of Sherlock’s tone, which only made John’s morbid curiosity about what had happened between them grow.
A muscle in John’s hand spasmed, his cane hitting the wood of the floor with a sharp rap.
“I wouldn’t go back, if I were you,” she calls out after him. John’s officially sick of the cliché experience.
Watson inclined his head. “It was a simple inference, as you well know. And then—really, must I go over the rest of it Holmes? You have already so much as told me you believe the culprit to be the past lover of the Colonel’s wife, Mr Sampson.”
“You’re right, I honestly don’t observe, how does being afraid of losing things relate to you taking a case about a dog?”
Upon entering the sitting room directly off the main entrance hall, they were greeted by a lively dog, who was clearly fond of John as it jumped on him in enthusiasm. Unsurprisingly, John began to dote on it.
“No,” Archie said, not meeting John’s eyes. He seemed excited, and a little nervous. “I wanted to impress Master Holmes with how far I’ve come, so I went digging into his collection and found this. I chose it because it must be very important.”
“Do you think so?” Wizard Holmes asked, folding his arms behind his back and underneath his draped coat. “It was nothing. Soldiers are so good at taking orders.”
“Jesus! Is something the matter?” John asked, and it seemed as though John wanted to be annoyed, but he wasn’t, not at all. This realization was a momentary relief—he could believe that he wasn’t truly an annoyance. It was John’s sweet, concerned tone and expression, which he had only ever heard and seen John use with him. This – this is what he had come to see one last time.
God, he hoped John would come.
John unfolded his paper and began reading it again. Neither of them spoke.
Sherlock waved his left hand dismissively, taking hold of John’s arm in his other as he ushered him out. “I only cared about questioning you when the outcome had been unclear, you can tell me everything in the car.”
He hopped onto the table, and crawled up onto the large shelves. John considered stopping him, but as he’d watched Sherlock do the same on at least three occasions, he figured it was safe enough.
John must have written her love poems. Likely very sweet, and very amateur, verses. She bought him the book to tease him gently about his writing. She would have presented it to him, wrapped beautifully in paper and ribbon. John, maybe working at his desk and bored, in need of a distraction. She’d come up behind him, and slip it into his hands.
“That’s so very considerate of you,” John said, in a way that suggested he meant quite the opposite. “But I think we’d prefer to keep things small. In fact, just the two of us really.”
John breathed out once, then in again. “I knew about the case… because I already know about you.” It was as good a place to start as any.
“You know? I think it’s sad that after all this time, you still believe that I risk my job and my life in general by being with you, only to gain some extra money and maybe a more luxurious life.” Joshua whispered while locking his sight at Sherlock and a dominant smile appeared on his face. “I don’t want money nor being called
"Father." John censored with a disapproving tone.
And John had to admit the slight fright Sherlock inflicted upon him with his serious gaze. No… it couldn’t be, right? Surely his mind was playing funny tricks on him: He had read on the papers about the Wilde family, how Oscar was married. Married with a lady. Married with a lady and two kids. Someone like Sherlock didn’t like women and obviously couldn’t form a family at all.
"Said the man who shouldn't be a nosy lady in business where he's not required." John listened to Sherlock's words while taking out his clothes for the day; so... it seemed that after all, Sherlock wasn't that much asleep and did hear his words and, even worse, Sherlock did see him last night while he was in the stables with Joshua. "You're a dead man, Watson" thought as he got out of the closet with Sherlock's clothes while the latter was sitting on the edge of the bed, dressed only with a green housecoat beautifully embellished with delicate golden leaves embroidered on the edges of the garment with the finest silk one could find in Egypt.
“Mummy, please don’t talk to us in such a childish way. None of us is six years old.” Protested Sherlock by the way his mother was treating them.
And unfortunately for John, the interruptions to his rest didn’t stop until later with a final “
**Bottle caps in the XIX century used to be little spheres made of glass and marble. Poor people used to go by the streets looking for the bottle caps to break them and sell the little marble they could get.
"Oi, Watson!" Exclaimed a young boy outside the stables where John was working. John got down of a little bench as soon as he heard his name, going as quick as possible with the boy. "It took you ages to come, mate."
Moaned Sherlock for the first time. Oh God,
Ok, so... I really don't have an excuse for updating after two long years (two more and I could've sent this fic to kindergarden lol) and I cannot promise to upload every single day (when I started this proyect, I was in my first semester of law school, now I'm in fifth) but I can promise to at least upload every other week. Translating takes a little bit of time and now, finally I'm acting like a grown up and I have a job at a legal firm (hopefully I'll get a new job in a court house where I live in ^-^), I'm trying to do my best to get the best grades possible (yeah, I dream that one day I can work with International Amnisty or an organization of that kind), taking care of my health (I'm chubby but trying to get in a better shape for myself c: ) and I'm even studying a third language (german. May God have mercy on my soul.) Anyway! As I said before, translating takes some time but I'll try to do it on the weekends :)
Lord Holmes nodded. "Accompany him and be his valet plus assisting him when he bathes, for all these services you'll get a twenty pound payment and you'll have Sundays off. Obviously you'll get your meals in this house and for everybody else, you'll be presented as a friend visiting Sherlock for a while. All of this if you accept, of course."
was playing with his thin patience. “As much as theological topics are favorites nowadays for a chat between commoners, I’m afraid I’m not one of those;” this time, he lit a new cigarette and took his time to exhale the smoke; “nevertheless, I will dare this time with hope that in the future this topic shall never be brought up again: I don’t visualize “
"Because you are a bunch of parasites?" Asked John irritably.
Guys! Thank you so much for your advice, suggestions and kudos! <3
"Lord Holmes? I'm forever thankful of all the kindness and generosity you're showing towards me but sir, I'd rather wait a couple of months before I visit Mr. Tisher and his brother." Asked John kindly, ignoring when Sherlock blanked his eyes with annoyance.
After being assisted again and having received a new apology from Charles, he left the room to go to the family dining room, where Lady Holmes and Sherlock awaited him at the table.
Still, I feel like I should sincerely apologize for keeping you guys waiting for so long (Because I just checked my inbox and noticed some of you asking if I ever thought of keeping up with this work), I know it's not fair and not ok from me.
..." Whispered.
Freedom of speech is the last thing a man should be stripped off.”
“You know what do I think? I think that you didn’t feel sleepy at all. No, you were having a secret conversation with God, weren’t you?” Wilde smiled softly, something that embarrassed John even more; “but please don’t be ashamed, Mr. Watson: God and all kinds of love are deeply connected, after all, you can’t forget his most important rule which states that we must love our neighbor. So please, just follow the God that better calms your mind, always do good and let love reign in the lives of men just as they deem best for themselves.”
“Please, don’t hold yourself to such a high standard. I wasn’t even looking at you.” He finally managed to say after a couple of moments, and,
in other people’s mouth and only ended learning that when someone said they were “
The first rays of sun haven't even touched the old poor streets of London's east side when it could be seen how a great part of the neighborhood inhabitants were already up and getting ready for another exhaustive and long shift at the factories, where they spent hours getting along in dangerous jobs in exchange of a poor payment . Still, a poor payment for buying old bread was better than not eating for days.
I will stop promising to get you guys a new chapter every week or day bc then it never happens (not me being lazy but oh boy, uni decided to be a nice pain in the ass during a pandemic. Even on winter break.) :( All I can say in my poor defense is that I'll try to not let you guys think I abandoned this forever, not gonna promise every week, but also not so long that you guys see me as a lost cause.
And with that phrase, John found himself lost in his own world were minutes felt like hours and ignored the rest of the conversation. Good God, was he the only heterosexual man on earth or being a homosexual was a treat reserved only for the most prolific and successful British men? Now he wasn’t so sure.
“It will take you some time to achieve it, Evelyn” said Mrs. Richter, standing up from the poor made table that also served as Mrs. Watson’s work station; “mostly because you barely have any free time to spare.”
But hey, it didn't take me *that* long this time :D
"Then, I would be delighted if by the end of your shift, you came back to bid goodbye to your son; I give you my word that he'll be in good hands," Mr. Holmes spoke with such calm that it almost made John and his father forget all the screams minutes ago, "Don't you worry, John; I'll ask someone from the service to arrange the room next to Sherlock's and after you take breakfast, my son will take you to see Mr. Tisher, he's an excellent tailor and his brother is equally fantastic with the shoemaking business. Now Mr. Watson, if you please, go back to your duties."
"I do apologize for his terrible behaviour," Mr. Holmes sighed, "I know his manners will make you think otherwise, but he did have an education. It's his annoying temper that ruins everything. Nevertheless, if at anytime in the future he does something like this again, please let me know."
"But you saw him! Did you hear him? He's an insufferable brat! How does he dare to say that we the poor only exist to serve and nothing else? Yes, I agree that we spend a lot of time working  but when we sit at night to take our dinner, we can do it proudly; not minding if it's the best or worst food ever; because we worked hard for it. What does he feel at dinner? Nothing, on the other hand, you and I can fill ourselves with pride and honour for the knowledge and ability of survival. And just for that, we are far more worthy than he think he is."
"Of course not." Sherlock smiled sarcastic and with that little answer, he threw to the bin all his "guest" efforts to make the time a little more bearable.
Well, I have no more excuses to not update this work, hehe. I'm in quarantine, no home office (after all, I'm just an assistant in a local court house) and no school (yet), so, I have a lot of free time to translate and update.
“Just… okay, fine. Let’s say that what you do is right and I’m no one to judge your love life and whatever you feel; not everyone thinks that way, Sherlock. What would happen if you break up with that person and said person decides to report you to the police? Or if someone finds both of you while being indecent and reports both of you? Your father is a very good and kind man but I don’t think even he would support your lifestyle.” He saw Sherlock starting to roll his eyes and snorted annoyed. “I’m saying all of this for your own damn good, not because I care what you put in your arse.”
“Eventually.”
“Should it?”
got families now.”
“With Mummy there, he will probably tow the party line, but I expect he’ll be far more disappointed in Sherlock than in me. I think he gave up on any ambitions he might have had for grandchildren long ago as far as I’m concerned.”
.” Sherlock glanced back at the duplicate of Emily’s tree. “The hive reflects us; how we interact with them and the environment we create around them.”
“How - how large?” Murray clarified. “Oh, I suppose it was small? Not a hare by any means.”
He stopped speaking, and his head rocked back and forth as it sometimes did. Moriarty spoke like he was telling a bedtime story, or a fairy tale.
John sighed, and then seemed to reassemble himself. His posture changed, his back ramrod straight. It was a military stance. John was preparing for the worst. He couldn’t fathom it.
He and John had grown accustomed to each day being a new obstacle to surmount, and prepared for it perfunctorily. It seemed no time at all passed before Colonel Barclay arrived at their lodge gates, waiting for them to travel into London. As their car drove up, John and the Colonel nodded at one another before continuing their drive into the city.
John chuckled as they continued their approach to the house. While he had expected a long and winding road, this seemed excessive. The length of the journey began to wear on his nerves. He was leaning against his hand in an imitation of nonchalance, but his fingers tapping furiously against his cheek likely gave him away. John kept glancing at him warily.
As he passed beneath the archway, he noticed the door to the West corridor had been opened again since last he’d passed it. The sound of the sea was no longer a part of his imagination. He felt he knew exactly what led down that way. He wasn’t sure he was ready for that, either.
Closer. John twists to reach for his hand. Sherlock reaches back, and squeezes. Tight. Then releases. They face each other.
John pushed the broom out through the opening of the window, and finally, Sherlock was able to make his escape. Sherlock heard John exhale a sigh of relief before closing the window, tight.
And that’s the end of that, John thought, but there was a response in his inbox before he even had time to reopen his take-out container.
“And you think this David is the father?” Sherlock asked.
, which he and Watson could rush about investigating and ultimately solving. He was certain that if he engaged Watson thoroughly enough in something exciting and dangerous, Watson would forget his limp entirely. And then Watson would really be impressed with him.
Between the rock and mortar a few paces away, John spied a set of protruding steps. Above the steps, there was another smaller door positioned at a severe angle, nearly sideways.
Sherlock turned to face him, but seemed unable to look him directly in the eye.
“They’re not dysfunctional!” Archie cried, hopping off John’s back. “The ones you and Master Holmes make together just go
“What did they say?” Sherlock prodded. “Did they ask you who the body could have been? What did you say?”
“I’ve studied human anatomy from the ship’s selection of resources as well. From what I could gather of your fall, and your reaction now, you’ve definitely broken bone.”
Romantic and a doctor, a soldier doctor, and pleasantly handsome – he must be taken. Did he have a wife? Maybe a husband? No, no, there was no wedding ring on his left hand, stupid to even wonder, and why did it matter?
“Intense,” John finished, still out of breath. Sherlock nodded. He hadn’t meant to cry. How embarrassing.
“I wouldn’t mind taking the call, if he weren’t so insistent,” Molly said, catching onto his reluctance. “I mean—he is quite dishy, isn’t he?” she whispered with a shy smile.
“Don’t,” Sherlock pleaded.
Everything.
Bemused, Sherlock replied, “To help me with my case.”
?” Moriarty demanded, still standing by the head of the bed.
If you read the first three chapters and are now here,.... actually I guess this whole fic must be like this so you already know the deal.
Stamford had to lean in over Watson’s shoulder to read it out. “
“Not particularly,” Sherlock responded, still perplexed by the direction of the conversation.
Sherlock stared at him for a beat. “Ah, no. That would be rather beside the point. The Royal Wizard would see through that quite quickly.”
His eyes were trained on Sherlock’s prostrate form crushed beneath a beam, and then, the figure of Moriarty approaching him in the distance. John shouted Sherlock’s name, drew his pistol, and shot the man who had once offered his husband death in a Morocco case. John was rewarded with the sight of Moriarty’s leg crumpling beneath him as John’s once had, long ago in the library beneath them - but John didn’t pay him any further attention, instead rushing to Sherlock’s side.
John nodded. “Yep. Ready. Though, ready for what?”
He supposed the ‘whole story’ was the circumstances surrounding John’s wife’s death. He wondered how Harry would react if he said John had provided no details around the events of the preceding year. That John kept these things to himself, and that he had questioned John on the subject never. He knew nothing beyond that there had been a sailing accident in the bay, and he had learned that from a paper.
“Is there anyone missing?” Sherlock thought to ask when they broke apart, gripping John’s shoulder while looking over it towards the crowd gathered closer to the woods. “Gladstone? Where is Gladstone?”
“The red dianthus, those flowers – why would he go to the trouble to leave those?”
“And what decisions might those be?” John asked, though he expected a brush off.
It was lucky, at least, that a limp and a tremor were assumed to be the consequences of the usual war wounds.
“I want,” John said. “I want—” He crept in, bending from the waist, neck extending, and slow as a courtship, kissed Sherlock on the mouth. Sherlock was still beneath his lips. As slow as he had come, John slipped back to find Sherlock’s wide eyes, unseeing. Then, a blink.
He had given John a fright, and then, in that following moment where John realized it was him, he had set John up to wonder. To wonder what he was truly capable of.
Sherlock crossed the room and began ringing the bell, pulling a face at John while he did so to John’s great amusement. “All right,” John laughed. “Give her a moment.”
“Oh, you’re quick.”
“Oh, Lestrade, do be on my side,” she persisted, and some of her group were beginning to support her, nodding enthusiastically. “You know it would be popular with the county, and we all miss Manderley.”
Sherlock resisted a look of a disgust. “Did you have something specific to say to John? I’m sure I’d be happy to pass it along for you.”
“Hmm, are any of them poisonous?” he asked rhetorically, letting the matter of this ‘Moriarty’ drop. He supposed he’d meet the man shortly.
The cove was the same as the other, with woods that came down to meet the beach. At the edge of the shingle and the start of the forest, there was a cottage. Made of stone, one-floor tall, long, and rectangular - on further examination more similar to a boat house.
Only, when he had ever told Captain Watson that he craved risk?
John swore under his breath. “Damn him,” he said. “He knew – I said I did not want this sort of thing.” John stopped the car, braking hard.
He assessed Lestrade carefully. The man was in earnest.
“Oh,” John said, “he’s very touched.”
“Oh, I do love when my reputation precedes me,” the man said, and with three twirls of his wrist and a single flick of his long fingers, the group of men assumed parade rest, turned on their heels, and began marching out of the alley in synchrony.
“I’ll be out in a minute,” John called, and the sounds of water sloshing in the tub suggested he was moving to get out. John had been done his bath for some time then, letting his muscles soak. Sherlock thought of John lifting himself from the bath, his naked body just on the other side of the door, and the water dripping down his bared form.
Sherlock sighed. “Whether it’s consciously done or not, you must know that the marriage can still be annulled without the need for a divorce if we haven’t formally consummated. A part of you still thinks if this gets
As always, this would be full of the most embarrassing errors without my bud Soli <3
Sherlock had a knack for ‘observing things’. They knew all about John’s military career without being told, which planet he’d been on recently enough to develop tan lines, and that his estranged sister had substance abuse problems. Sherlock was even able to tell that it was actually John’s shoulder that had been shot rather than his leg — though Sherlock was annoyed at John for having provided the key clue the first day instead of letting them deduce it, and John still thought Sherlock knowing the correct shoulder was a lucky guess. It was an infringement on John’s privacy that he found himself inviting, only hoping that Sherlock wouldn’t get tired of having only one human to analyze.
If you're suffering right now, please know that I am as well ..... see you next week xoxo
“Well, don’t tell John then,” he said in response. Worrying John was definitely not the intention of his actions. “Not like how you’ll likely tattle to my brother.”
alleviate some of the residual issues John might have been experiencing. He supposed inter-humanoid relationships were possible—well, clearly—if you happened to meet someone from that far off.
John!” Sherlock exclaimed, hands raising in the air, their earlier agitation returning swiftly. “That’s not important right now!”
Sherlock smiles far too wide for someone who has very recently been kidnapped and held hostage in a crawlspace for almost 24 hours. Still, he sighs dramatically. “And here I’d thought you finding me meant you’d solved the case on your own. “
John raised his hands, about to narrate the marathon of filth that he’d just been plagued with, but paused.
“Well?” John asked, looking up briefly to catch his eye, at last. “Will you come with me to Manderley, or will you go to America with Wilkes?”
won’t do as you ask.”
Mrs Hudson came out of her room at the sound of the wheel chiming, and breathed a sigh of relief. “Does this mean I can finally go out to the bloody shops?” she asked. “Oh John, you look dreadful.”
“Shouldn’t I be saying that to you?” John asked, his voice low and gruff in his ear. “And hear me say what?”
But then, Sherlock’s mouth felt like any other person’s. The lips were soft, and yielded to his own, and the mouth was wet and hot against his. Kissing Sherlock was like kissing any other person, and yet, John couldn’t recall ever having his heart race quite like this.
By that list, Sherlock was flushed, excited, distracted, nervous—all signs John would have normally been able to interpret without question. But John still had to be sure.
“I'm not much of a companion to you, am I?” John asked. His voice was so quiet, heartbreakingly soft. How could such a gentle voice say such terrible things?
“Boys, you’ve got another one!” Mrs Hudson yelled.
His heart was beating hard in his chest, and he wasn’t sure why, why any of it mattered. He had deduced all of this of course, it wasn’t a surprise. He just really had not needed it said aloud.
“No. Not alright,” John responds. He hasn’t been able to stay in the house. Waiting for the police felt like centuries. Every moment of him doing nothing–
He means what makes John act like this, but he also means much more.
“Well,” Sherlock hesitated, “I wanted to see if he had …. recovered well.”
“Never said you would,” John replied slowly, brows pushing together to form a crease.
If their home life was difficult to navigate, concealing himself while bringing John on cases was even trickier. He had to regretfully leave John behind at times, which made John inordinately angry with him. He didn’t enjoy the fallout, but there was some information that couldn’t be acquired through on-site deduction.
He desperately tried to catch it before it fell, but only managed to fumble it further as the water spilt out across the table. The waiter was too far away to have spotted it yet, but Watson was by his side in a moment with a dry handkerchief.
John however did question him about it, and Sherlock answered to the best of his ability. John’s curiosity was piqued at unpredictable times, and his questions came in waves. Either it was not addressed at all, or John wanted to know everything.
John’s face flushing in anger gave him away. “Oh, right! Do you honestly think you have the moral upper hand on me right now?”
“Well, I must say John, you’re looking like a completely different person,” Harry commented loudly, sitting down next to Clara once more. “Very good thing you went away. Doesn’t he look well, Lestrade?”
“Thanks, Sherlock, I’m well aware. Nothing has ever been brought back like this either. I mean, you’d think there’d at least be pictures.”
John’s face was becoming difficult to see, his normally familiar and distinct expression blurred, but his voice sounded alarmed. “Do what over again?”
“What they already think, probably. They all want to know anyway,” John replied, sitting down on the seat and pulling Sherlock towards him, such that Sherlock’s legs bracketed his thighs.
He understood at once what had happened, and had to close his eyes with the force of the realization. Lady Irene Norton, casually asking whether Moriarty still worked at Manderley. Moriarty’s description of Mary, her daring hair cut, her short blonde hair. The painting of the
The article described how the boat had been found immediately after the fancy dress ball that he and John had hosted, as if the two events were sordidly connected in some way. Mary was depicted like a tragic heroine in a novel, and exactly as she had always been described to him - beauty, brains, breeding, everyone loved her, etc. etc. There was particular emphasis placed on Mary dying a year ago, and John having remarried the next spring. The implication was clear: how audacious of John Watson, to bring his new husband to Manderley after the wedding, and for hosting a ball in his honour. That same ball that was somehow ludicrously tied to finding his dead wife’s boat the following morning.
He could allow Wilkes the satisfaction, seeing as he had successfully kept something much more important a secret from him.
arse, but assuming human anatomy held true there, he knew there was nowhere near enough time. “I’m too close,” John managed breathlessly as way of explanation, unsure of what Sherlock was even asking.
“Yes,” he replied. “Luckily, we both are. How mad do you think I can be?”
The bed frame had been–
“Us not being... intimate, before I knew about Mary. This was part of it, wasn’t it?” Sherlock asked, already knowing the answer. John would never have been able to remove his shirt in front of him without explanation.
Watson barked out a laugh at this.
No, I should be able to tell you. I should.
Ah, he may have wounded Lestrade’s professional pride. Subtleties weren’t getting him anywhere.
“You mean, I need an actual star from the sky?” Archie’s tone made evident that he didn’t think John was much help at all.
> Like I said, my girlfriend sent it to me. I wasn’t out looking for it. Now it’s your turn.
> Care to share some of it?
“John, alright there mate?” Greg asks stepping out of the car. His eyes are immediately drawn to the scarf hanging from John’s hand.
She smiles back at both them tremulously.
“It seems quite likely to be that of the late Mrs Watson.”
“Now what?” John whispers in the dark.
Sherlock landed on John’s bedside lamp again, causing John to jump. John stared at him and Sherlock stared back. Without taking his eyes off Sherlock, John lunged to the side of the room, where clearly Mrs Hudson had left a broom on her last surprise cleaning visit. Sherlock could have wrung her neck at that moment.
“And he’s going to wait a little longer, sit down and have breakfast with me.” John’s tone brooked no argument. He almost considered protesting but admittedly, he did not want to go back to meet Wilkes, and so he sat as instructed.
“Right,” John started. “Right, look, it’s you who wanted to quit for good. I’m just saying that is not the smell of one cigarette.”
The Watson in his mind no longer had a Mary, but this John still did.
Still, John asks, you mean like my blog?
Sherlock was acting like someone who had given much more away than their mass.
Sherlock groaned, striding across the room, and reaching up at the barred window in vain. His fingers just managed to grip the edges, but regardless, the bars held fast. He couldn’t have fit through the window anyway. “We can’t wait! That could take ages!”
A dog.
John dated women and had feelings for men, but they all entered and promptly left his wank fantasies, unlike John’s envisioned Sherlock, who continued to evolve as the years passed. His mind kept returning to Sherlock for baser reasons; that imagined body—long and lean—and that silhouette of a face—intelligent eyes above a quirking mouth—and a sharp, wicked tongue within.
Merry widower more like, and what a joke that was. He wondered if Moriarty had been the one to suggest the piece to continue his little game, and then he wondered if Moriarty had been the one to whisper the suggestion to the crowd. Moriarty’s absence spoke louder than his presence would have.
“What type of boat was it? Do you know the exact size? Did it have a cabin?”
More people had gathered by the time he’d reached the top. As he came closer, he spied Lestrade in the midst of the throng, currently speaking to the coast guard. The coast guard saw him first, and appeared to recognize him.
“You’re not going alone,” David said. “I insist that I come. And that I bring an Inspector.”
Distantly he heard Wilkes protest, “But you hate hats!”
“You didn’t just plan to burn the West wing,” Sherlock realized. “You already started a smaller fire, somewhere else in the house.”
“Yeah, of course,” John’s concerned voice replied, close to him, hovering above his bed. Sherlock didn’t remember John standing, but he must have been, to be that high above him. Almost floating. Sherlock thought of telling him to get down from there.
“Apparently,” Sherlock replied, not looking up from his mobile screen.
“I only have one ‘party trick’ as you say, and Sebastian has banned me from it.”
If the man was impressed by the quick thinking, it didn’t show. “Quite right. There are a series of planets we’ve been exploring for a very specific retrieval mission, the group of them referred to as ‘The Ugly Duckling’ circuit.”
How long, exactly, did it take to get over late wives? He certainly had no idea, but apparently the association was enough to ruin the good mood. If his brother were here, he’d be sighing in exasperation and asking if he was truly this incapable of pleasant conversation.
“Oh, Sherlock,” John said, and lifted the corner of the covers.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You know exactly what I mean. Not to borrow the words of our friend Magnussen, but don’t play dumb.”
The issue being that John wasn’t tired of Sherlock. Far from it, in fact, and John didn’t think he ever would be.
John was unable to see more than an inch in front of him as soon as he passed the nose of the Hudson, but it wasn’t long before the outline of a ship appeared quite literally out of the blue.
“You mean by working as a servant. Oh, I see,” Sherlock said, attempting to gain an advantage. “You realized Magnussen wanted Manderley for himself. That’s why you didn’t assist with the blackmail letter. He tried to get the upper hand on you.”
“I do love you,” John said, confirming the sentiment he was just beginning to comprehend. “I nearly told you that, so many times, but it always felt like too much, too soon. And now I’m saying it when it’s far too late. I should never have dragged you into this with me at all. You can’t stay with me through this. It would be better to separate, rather than be smeared along with me.”
“I'm afraid I don't understand, sir,” Moriarty replied, his eyes widening as if he was made uncomfortable by the question. He was an excellent actor, Sherlock would grant him, and he seemed to feel no loyalty to Mary’s old lover. Sherlock had no idea what Moriarty's next move would be, a rogue player in their game. Would Moriarty truly deny it, just for the sake of making a man look foolish, even if it meant making the case against John weaker?
He shook his head, hands splayed out flat on the table. He hadn’t tried anything like that in a long while, not since he’d actually been invested in Harry’s drinking problem. “No, Jesus, Harry. Never mind.”
“Right,” John said. “Yeah. You didn’t know if you could trust me.” He paused, taking in the bizarre ship in the poor light. Except, his eyes kept drifting back to Sherlock’s skin. “But you did. Eventually. You grabbed me.”
The next jolt of the ship sent Sherlock and the poacher practically flying forward, and almost collided with John, who was still unable to fully stand.
I can still escape all this trouble, allowing me to remain unsullied in the eyes of the public if they convict you.”
“Never mind, load of rubbish,” John repeated. “Back to the ship. How did you get it in here? You couldn’t have lifted it.”
John sighed. Sherlock would likely be out for the rest of the afternoon, Mrs Hudson was in the yard with her plants, and he didn’t much feel like selling their stock spells from the Porthaven door. It was this, or the newspaper.
Oh, this he could delve into. And maybe even show off a bit.
Crossing her legs, and leaning her chin on her hand, she said, “As you well know, you already have one. Though I doubt you know the extent of it.”
“What were you thinking just now, because honestly, I am all out of ideas.” John is once again smiling grimly except now it’s in an old, hidden room that has led to absolutely nothing.
,” John murmured, before doing quite the opposite of teasing, and swallowing him down all at once. He cried out, his right hand restlessly touching the back of John’s head. John was talented, especially with his
“You’ve already met John, Mrs Davis,” Sherlock said from his chair, hands steepled together beneath his chin. “Perhaps consider getting your early symptoms of Alzheimer’s looked into.”
He had been given little time to examine the object of Wilkes’ interest, but it was long enough to know the man in question would not appreciate the forced company of others. John Watson - traveling alone, and dressed smart, but unobtrusive (navy blue suit, classic button down, matching tie, and the in-fashion wide-legged trousers). It was easy to conclude Watson preferred to not draw attention, or to be disturbed by strangers. Especially given his grieving, as Sebastian had announced to the entire room. Anyone with any tact would have known to leave Watson well enough alone. He hesitated in the rooms after finding the letter, telling himself it was purely to spite Wilkes. He considered using the Service staircase, taking an out of ways route to the restaurant. He could warn Watson and allow him to make his escape from a shameless hanger-on.
He reminded himself (frequently) that he had prepared for this, that he knew John required more time. He also needed time, arguably. He’d never been involved in anything even resembling a fling, let alone a marriage. But he had hoped, for something…
John turned his head and, once his eyes had adjusted to the dim glowing light, saw the outline of a large oblong object. John instinctively moved closer to see it better, with Sherlock close behind to light the way. He was soon able to make out the general shape of it in the dark.
“I know that I’ve done this all wrong. This probably isn’t at all your idea of a marriage proposal. I should be down on one knee, telling you how bloody clever and gorgeous you are. Take pity on an old man’s bad knees, won’t you?”
All of this on its own would have been the worst news he’d ever received, but John found himself entirely focused on the disappearance of his novel, and the bizarre collective memory loss of the world.
Sherlock had a feeling John’s personal touch would be a bit rough in this circumstance.
“It is,” Sherlock agreed. “One of our government’s ships, stocked full of wizard’s henchmen and the wizards who power them, though they’re so far gone now it would be hard to tell them apart. I wish they weren’t here at all.”
“Don’t,” John said, stepping between Sherlock and the Witch. “I don’t know what she’s done to you, but I think you would sorely regret leaving someone for dead.”
“What do you think?” John asked, careful. Always so careful.
Sherlock was in fact hanging a man out over the railing of a fire escape (in an effort to gather information, of course). And now, rather than being intimidated by the threat of a 6-storey plunge, the man was looking between them in bemused confusion. Sherlock felt this was perhaps not good for their image.
> When people ask you how old you are, do you say 29 and a quarter?
“Your middle name, John. Do keep up. Higgins?”
Afghanistan or Iraq? Despite his prowess, that’s not a distinction Sherlock can make. The man uses a cane, but when the train stops and starts unexpectedly he is able to lean on his bad leg. He also chooses to stand instead of sit - he’s resentful of the injury, and it goes away when he is distracted. Psychosomatic? Interesting. Injured, back from overseas, but now heading to work via public transport. What would an injured ex-army man be doing for work? The edge of a journal is peeking out from the top of his bag, just enough for Sherlock to make out a medical journal. A doctor then. An ex-army doctor.
Returning to the library, John’s fingers had stopped their teasing against his back, and pulled away. He almost whined at the loss of contact, but John was pressing two fingers against his lips. He was told to suck, to get them nice and wet, and he did. John pulled them from his mouth shortly, and returned them to the small of his back. At last they dropped lower, and lower, until slid between his bare cheeks, slowly circling his hole.
The man raised his eyebrows as if it say
Sherlock made a noise that John could only describe as spoken gibberish while shifting slightly in his chair. An easily missed movement, but to John’s eye the man was practically squirming in his seat.
John hadn’t even wanted to do this, at the outset, he reminded himself.
John’s face felt warm from all the smiling. Speaking with Sherlock had been just as engaging as he might have imagined.
“I won’t let them, John,” Sherlock said, his conviction clear, despite his voice sounding utterly wrecked. “They can’t take you away from me.”
As he finally reached the bedroom doorway, his eyes followed the direction of the candlelight to the bed where Moriarty lay prone, leaning back against the headboard. There was a cannister next to him, which he had clearly already doused the room with liberally. The whole room stunk of it. As always, Moriarty wanted to play with him, but this time the stakes were higher. Before it was his life. Now, it was Manderley.
“Fine! Fine,” Sherlock relented. Closing his eyes, he breathed in deeply, lifting his chin. John pulling up his sleeves made his scent stronger, somehow. It was everywhere. “Sit down, in case you get lightheaded. And take your jumper off.”
“I got the important aspect wrong,” Sherlock pointed out, though slightly mollified.
“Bring him around some time!” she calls up the stairs.
He sat to work on writing replies on the Manderley letterhead, finally having been replaced with new stock, with Mr S. Watson printed in the corner. While bored to tears, he wanted to appear occupied when his company arrived. As predicted, two knocks sounded at the door shortly.
John should have gone back to his flat anyway. Only, he wasn’t even sure if he’d injured the cabbie, or killed him. He would make sure he’d done him in, and that Sherlock was alive and well, and then he’d go home. Maybe he’d even actually deal with his own life for a change.
“Oh, a complicated one! You
“Food and beer, definitely.” Greg looked over at Mycroft. His lover blushed a bit, nodding slightly. He was intrigued, but having some measure of control over such a powerful being had been the deciding factor.
: (21 April, late morning)
“Not if you play this right. If he thinks this will all come to naught, he’ll support it in the hopes he can use it to have me removed from the council. Show a little doubt in your support, and he’ll take the bait.”
to know, but there have been times when I’ve felt a physical sensation, like a sort of pressure in my mind. It happened with Oberon, and when Lucifer tried to compel me to tell him my greatest desire. Is that part of my power as a seer, or is it some separate ability?”
“Sherlock, I’m not letting you face her alone.”
“And you’re really sure, about us?”
“Am I, really?”
was an idea that was difficult for him to let himself imagine. However, once he did, he suddenly and to his great horror realized that his imagination had a
can stand it?”
“Yeah, kinda.” He gestured at the small form sleeping in a nearby medical bed. “Moriarty’s still out there somewhere, but we’ll get him. Lay back down before you fall down.”
end up in Hell? What kind of system is that?”
“Will you…” He drew in a deep breath, gathering his courage as he looked into Greg’s eyes. “Greg, if you’ll have me, I would be deeply honored… Will you marry me?”
: (20 April, early evening)
“I know you’re still struggling with the idea that you’re not hallucinating, but
Mike Stanford:
with that, you know. Not knowin’, I mean. Sometimes it’s best just to see what happens.”
“I’m sort of glad Greg’s going to be there. I don’t really mind him knowing. We had a bit of a chat earlier, and, well… he already knows how I feel about you. Plus, with him there, I’m a lot less likely to punch Mycroft in the face. He’s very… protective of him.”
“Nope. And he
to change, but if you do, you needn’t stop until you climax.”
: (25 April, late evening)
“There are details am I currently unable to reveal.”
“He isn’t… or he wasn’t, anyway, but he loves me. He’s loved me a long time. I think on some level, I probably did realize how he felt, but not consciously. Now I see I’ve loved him for a long time as well. I just wasn’t ready to admit it to myself.”
“It isn’t, which is the one thing that makes me think we should take this seriously. If it was just a dream, it’d be there. Since it’s not, I have to presume it happened outside of my subconscious mind.”
: (16 April, early am)
: (17 April, late morning)
, and if it’s all gonna come crashing down on us,
you could possibly find… attractive about
“Is intelligence relevant to an individual’s ability to resist?”
“Nah. It’s a great opportunity for you, but I get what you mean by worryin’ about fitting in. As long as you do your best, I won’t be disappointed. I’m kinda more worried that you might be disappointed in me.”
“It’s alright. It’s not your fault.” He put his own mobile away, and intertwined his fingers with Sherlock’s. “It’s not how I wanted to come out, but I’m not ashamed of it either. I love you, and I don’t care if the whole world knows.”
“True as far as field ops go, but
“I’ll have to talk to our parents, but I think that would be a very good idea.” Mycroft smiled gently, changing the subject so he could get his emotions under control. “Now, are you ready to go downstairs? It’s almost time for dinner.”
John's astonishment did not permeate during the rest of the tea or when they both consumed good tobacco during the rest of the talk that Sherlock was able to sustain him (something that also surprised him, but secretly thanked him greatly by causing him to forget of everything caused by his father hours before). In the end, noticing that people were beginning to arrive for a light pre-theater dinner, they returned to Harrow, immersed in a silence that had finally ceased to be uncomfortable. Finally.
On the other hand, John couldn’t help to smile at knowing all the pride his mother felt, even if he felt a little guilty by leaving her alone. “Sherlock, do you think it can be arranged for me to not take breakfast on sunday so I can leave earlier to my mum’s house? I promise I’ll arrive shortly after dining time.”
“If I am in any way worthy of him, it’s because he’s made me a better person.”
“I honestly don’t know. Something expensive, I’d guess.” He blushed, knowing Greg had to realize it wasn’t for him or Sherlock. “Red, I think.”
happy in some sweetly misguided attempt to spare her feelings, but the love in his eyes when he looked at Sherlock made his happiness obvious to her. She’d have to have a word with John and let him know they had her total support. Knowing them both as she did, she realized John would need to know he had the support of his friends far more than Sherlock would.
“And none of the other staff has seen her?”
. He decided Greg was right. The labels didn’t matter. He loved him, and that was all that
“What about the projects themselves? Any relevance there?”
Sherlock had arranged for John and Molly to examine Thomas and Liam at the blood clinic Challenger owned. Even knowing what to expect hadn’t properly prepared them for the reality of watching the form of a man shimmer and become that of a wolf. Between the equipment there and what Molly had brought, they managed a good set of readings, measurements and samples.
of you need me.” John smiled lovingly at her, and she grinned suddenly. “Besides, I’m
He pulled at the drawer with all his strength. It didn’t budge. Delighted with his result, he turned to the counter-spell. “
would be insufferable about it. Mother would be…
“It’s just a butterfly.”
: (24 April, mid-evening)
“I’m sorry. Was I babbling again? I find that you make me babble and I can’t seem to control it.” His tone was faintly accusatory. The subtlety was lost on Greg.
As John hastily downed a take-away breakfast from the café downstairs, Mary had related her meeting with Death and what she’d learned. Sherlock had been eager, pressing her for details, while John sat quietly contemplating the idea that even ghosts, in their way, were mortal. The thought that he could lose Mary all over again was almost unbearable.
want, Lucifer? Are you here to try threatening me into helping these ridiculous mortals as well?” After Death’s visit, Loki had decided to sulk for a while, plotting his next escapade over several bottles of what apparently passed for mead in the modern world.
“Yes, but…”
“But the fact that Lucifer’s the Devil does?” Loki shook his head. “I’ll never understand mortals.”
“Fuck me… God, John,
I don’t feel threatened by the idea of letting someone other than you touch me, and I believe the reason I’m able to do so is because of the amount of trust I have in you. You make me feel very safe and… protected.”
“Yeah…” Greg had some good guesses about what John was about to say, but he kept his expression carefully neutral, knowing it was best to let him say things in his own time.
“I know you’re right, and I appreciate…” He fell silent. Greg’s eyes were focused on something behind him and had gone wide with shock. John turned, and Mary gave him a little wave in greeting.
“Your nephew?” Mycroft tried, somewhat unsuccessfully, to hide the relief he felt. When Greg had called and said he needed to discuss something important, Mycroft’s insecurities had got the better of him and he’d feared he’d changed his mind about their engagement.
“Yes, you
“Your
“Oh, yes, um… Please come in.” He stepped inside, removing his sunglasses to reveal a pair of startlingly green eyes, and followed John up the stairs to the flat.
for him.”
: (17 April, mid-morning)
“That is good news. I know it must be frustrating, not being able to use your abilities to their full potential.” Mycroft sighed. “Speaking of frustrating, you might want to get her settled and change into a fresh suit. My parents are coming for dinner.”
“You’re welcome, Sir.” Other than a slight smile, she kept her surprise to herself. It wasn’t like him to offer praise, but she appreciated it. She’d lasted years as his assistant while her predecessor had only held the position for six months. It had been considered a record at the time. Mycroft was a difficult man to work for, precise and demanding, but as she’d come to know him, she’d come to admire him. Few people were aware of just how hard he worked to keep the nation safe and of the sacrifices he’d made, but he’d ensured her loyalty, even if he’d probably never acknowledge it.
“Basically. I know it would be easier to do if I just popped in with you, but that might be a bit too much, all at once.”
“Yeah, I’m pretty sure freaking out would be an understatement.” His brow furrowed as Greg’s words sank in. “You don’t
, huh?” Mary materialized a few feet away from John as he scrambled to retrieve Rosie’s stuffed unicorn from across the room before she started fussing. “She’s getting really accurate. She almost got the vase with that one.”
“Thank you, no. Who would you suggest to teach me?”
Waves of ecstasy crashed over Mycroft as he orgasmed, fluids leaking from his cock as Greg picked up speed. Body shaking, he cried out his name as Greg slammed into him one final time, volcanically erupting inside him.
letting you trap my wife. We’re expected at Mycroft’s at eight, by the way. Greg invited us.” John’s mouth felt dry and it was hard to speak.
“Sherlock, what is all this? Don’t you have enough clothes already?” John shook his head, chuckling. Sherlock had come home with garment bags and a small pile of boxes, all emblazoned the names of popular designers; Dolce and Gabanna, Spencer Hart, Yves Saint Laurent and others.
“Fortunate? How so?”
“Nah.” Greg chuckled as he took off his tie and waistcoat. “It gets way worse. Just wait ‘til they turn into teens.”
I know it’s him. It’s just… an impression. It won’t do. It won’t do at all, John. I don’t
“I’m glad I didn’t. I’m glad it was
“I don’t know what to say, Greg.” She looked with dismay at the stack of files. It was hard to believe, raising questions and implications almost too terrifying to contemplate, but these were her friends and they
“But he’s the bloody
“Alice, this is Mycroft, my friends Sherlock and John, and their daughter Rosie.” Greg bent down, lifting the little girl into his arms. “Have you been having fun with Fenris and Mary?”
“We’re going to L.A., John.” Sherlock smiled slightly, his eyes twinkling with amusement.
, do you?”, he asked softy.
… What you’re really saying is that Lestrade is
“I’m kinda turned-on by it too, so I guess not. I’m a bit surprised you’re up for it, but I think it could be a good thing, if it works out right.”
“For the toad’s sake, let’s hope not, but best be prepared.” Sherlock popped his collar up, grinning wolfishly. “I’ll see you later then. I’m off to have a little word with Scotland Yard.”
“Well then, I’ll leave you to your misery for now.” Lucifer gingerly pushed Fenris’s bowels back inside him and took to the sky, heading towards Whitehall. He sincerely hoped the sorcerer had been able to deal with the dragon. It wasn’t an experience he ever wanted to repeat.
“We don’t have to tell them.” Sherlock’s fingers drummed anxiously on the seat beside him.
personal, Sherlock. I always rather
“What? Of course not.” He frowned at the oddness of the question, wondering what this was all leading up to. Did Lestrade think he was mad? Was this some kind of test?
“Not at all. Don’t misunderstand me, I know the goal is for you
stoop so low as to accuse me of having a… squishy side.” He chuckled, somewhat insanely. “Apparently, she’s wrong.
upset and he asks if I still want him.”
“I will, Alice. Do you see a bright light anywhere?”
“…” John coughed, wishing he’d accepted a drink just to cover his embarrassment. “Yes. I most certainly did. How did you know?”
“Mary, reach up and touch Greg.”
“Absolutely.”
“You’ve never mentioned your father before.” Sherlock looked at him curiously. “If you’d rather not talk about him, it’s alright.”
“I felt that!”, she exclaimed, slightly shocked by the result and more than a little amused by the gesture, which had seemed more old-fashioned than flirtatious.
“Nah. Everybody’s got something they’re sentimental about. I’ll probably have to wait ‘til the weekend to send it, though. Look, I better go. I don’t want Dad to catch me talking to you.”
doing it.” Greg patiently set the shoes in their proper place and stood, pulling Mycroft into his arms. He could feel the tension in his lover’s body. “It’s just what we do before we go to bed.”
an alternative explanation. It
“Now just hold on a moment… What do you mean, you’re going to bite me?”
“I don’t think any child could have a better role model than Greg. As to magic… It’s going to be everywhere soon. He’s probably safer here than anywhere in England. My own abilities aside, I’m sure you know by now that Fenris is far more than the family dog. He sees Tim as part of the family; his pack, as he calls it. He’s very loyal, and very protective of him.”
“Hang on. I’ll see if he’s taking visitors tonight.” The man stepped away, made a quick call on his mobile and then stepped back over, directing them to the short flight of stairs to right of the bar. “Take the elevator straight up to the penthouse. He says come up whenever you’d like.”
“A medium?” She glanced at Greg in surprise. “You can call up ghosts?”
definite distinction in my book. Do you need some time to think on it? Perhaps a run first would do us both a bit of good.”
“And then there’s Mrs. Hudson… it is, after all, her property.”
The ice spell had muzzled the dragon’s mouth, preventing it from breathing, but it was far from dead. It clawed desperately at the ice, seeking to scrape it away before it suffocated. As Mycroft cast another spell, the dragon suddenly turned, its tail sweeping towards him. He threw himself to the ground, narrowly avoiding it. He heard a crash and looked over towards the stonework Greg was crouched behind. It was gone, swept off the building by the dragon’s tail.
“Nothin’. You got anything yet? Who’s the woman they’re cartin’ off?”
“I could do that anyway. It is my duty because I am their God.”
“It’s a bit terrifying. And before you say it,
have any regrets. I’d have never thought I’d enjoy doing that so much, but the truth is, it was a huge turn-on. But it did make me wonder about myself a bit… I’m still getting used to the idea that my lover’s a very beautiful, sexy
“Sir? I’m not…”
.” Sherlock glared contemptuously. “I’ve warned you about that. You have
you stand it. Family is bad enough. No offense meant, little brother. I know you’re in agreement with
if he’d been able to speak properly. Almost roughly, pulled his lover into position beneath him, eyes sparkling with lust as he watched himself slide deep inside.
“Oh.” John frowned, annoyed with himself because he’d forgotten Bill could do that sort of thing. “Out of curiosity, what gave it away?”
“That doesn’t mean he’d want to… to… you know.”
“That day, that last, terrible day… I followed him. I saw something; something that I could have stopped and didn’t. John, please. I really don’t want to talk about this.”
“Then you’re going to fix it?”
: (24 April, mid-morning)
recently.”
“No, Sir. I think it’s really cool. Do you think I could learn to do that one day?”
“Do you have any other questions?”
“We clear on you not drinking out of it?” Greg grinned, thinking of how he’d had to explain it wasn’t a water bowl. Fenris had been fascinated by the swirling water, flushing it several times and demanding to know where it went.
“About a pint an evening, although I can go several days with little ill effect. I’m sure you know I fund a blood clinic, so you can rest assured I’m not stalking hapless maidens in the night.”
“I highly doubt I’m even capable of sexual arousal with anyone other than John.”
Sherlock watched him change back to human, comparing it to Thomas and Liam’s transformations. The vampire turned briefly into mist between forms, while Liam seemed to flicker between states for a few seconds. Fenris just seemed to change from wolf to tracksuit-clad human instantaneously. Sherlock followed him into the kitchen, refusing his offer of a beer as he leaned against the bar.
John looked at his daughter, who had ceased crying and was now looking at him with wide blue eyes. She gave a little hiccup and he patted her back, soothing her as he laid in her crib.
know about it?”
“The boy was only seventeen, Melissande.” He said quietly, and turned to Greg. “So tell us about yourself, Greg. You’re a Detective Chief Inspector? You’re that fellow that works with Sherlock, aren’t you? I’ve seen you in the papers.”
“You have a magnificent arse, Greg.” He slid a finger inside him, seeking the gland. His lover made a deep, growling purr of pleasure as he found it.
“I’m going to do my best, Uncle Greg. What’s he like, your boyfriend?”
Mycroft looked around the space, feeling quite pleased at the progress the work crew had made. It would still take some time before all the equipment and appointments were installed, but the space should suit their purposes admirably. It was suitably large, with one above-ground level that had a roof suitable for helicopter landings and three below, all heavily-reinforced concrete. The ground level would be disguised as a private parking garage, and would house the various vehicles they might need. The first underground level would be where the offices would be located, along with living areas, a dining area, shooting range and armory, and common areas. The second level was reserved for the various labs and research areas, and the third would contain detention cells and a large space suitable for the practice of magic.
“Yeah. He told me to look out the window, and there must have been fifty of the little bastards out there, just starin’ up at me.” His face contorted in disgust. “That’s why Mycroft wanted me to set this meeting up during the day. He claims he can only do most of that shit at night.”
“I prefer the term sorcerer, but yes, I am. Does that frighten you?”
“What’s new about that? He’s always been in love with death. He did kill himself.”
one. Oh, they
“Probably. But it would be kinda nice, having one. I haven’t had time for it much in the last few years, but I used to love to swim.”
“Okay. Like what?”
“Don’t be silly. Five
would you even risk your life like that?”
to have sex, and you know what he asks me? He sees
“What the hell..?” He stepped into the alley beside Sally Donovan, staring in shock. Laying in the middle of the alley in a pool of blood was a man’s body, entirely devoid of skin, face contorted into a hideous mask of pain. His blank, lidless eyes were staring into the grey, overcast sky. The stench of death was thick in the air and long strips of some thin, greyish, nearly translucent material were scattered across the scene. “Jesus”, he muttered. “There’s no remnant.”
“If you insist…” She did as he directed, sitting her tea cup down and backing away from it, trying to look calm. Lady Smallwood knew enough about his sister to know that when a genius of his level became mad, they could also become very dangerous. She was one of the few people in the world who was aware of what kind of training Mycroft really had. If he wanted to, she had no doubt he could easily snap her neck. Humoring him seemed the safest course of action.
so… I’m not promising to do it again though. I might
“Your theory about everyone’s reactions to Thomas is worth looking into.”
gang up on me sometimes. I’m glad you feel that close to her.”
“I’m surprised you haven’t had him assassinated. Or at
“That’s it, Sherlock”, Lucifer murmured encouragingly. There was still some resistance in his mind, but his body was ready. He slid himself inside in one smooth motion, giving Sherlock time to adjust to his size before he started moving. Sherlock gasped, but there was very little pain; just the sense of being filled by the heat of Lucifer’s flesh and the gentle, insistent pressure on his prostate. A little magic would be needed to get by Sherlock’s mental defenses, even with his cooperation. “Ask me to help him, John. Ask me for a favor. I’ve already gotten what I want in return.”
to do or say, so he’d settled for being quietly polite and trying not to look too happy. He nodded towards her glass, quietly asking if she’d like a refill.
really happy, but you know how he is; it’s easy to forget how much he’s been through. Then I’ll have this moment when I’m reminded that he’s been through things, horrible things, all his life, and I just can’t imagine how he manages to just… deal with that and take a chance on loving me. I’m afraid that he’ll just snap one day, and it’ll be my fault.”
“Never say never, detective.” Sherlock could hear him laughing softly as he hung up.
“Well, then. Let’s talk about parenting skills. What kind of discipline do you think is appropriate?”
, from the beginning. Do you remember dying?”
“Did Mycroft tell you what he and I discussed?” He knew his brother had done no such thing, but he suddenly wondered how John would react to the news.
“Different as you and I are, there are some similarities between us. You’ve never been in love either, have you?”
them, little brother. I’ve made the back garden off limits to
“Not with another person, but when I try to… to have a wank, I sorta… I change.”
“Look how hard you made me, bending over like that.” Greg kicked off his shoes and stripped off his trousers and pants, standing there unabashedly nude with his cock jutting out proudly. “God, I can’t wait to get you naked and in bed.”
scale. I
His clothes were clean, neatly hung and waiting for him, and his mobile, watch and other possessions were sitting on the bedside table. He dressed and sat down on the bed, looking at the alarming number of missed calls and texts he’d received. The greatest number of them were from news media or unknown numbers. Ignoring those, he quickly texted back to Harry and his friends, letting them know he was alright, then headed downstairs, in search of Sherlock and a meal, not necessarily in that order. He was starving.
“Sherlock, what happened when he kissed you?”
“Yeah, it’ll glow. Gotta run now. It’s almost time to pick up my client.”
it happens. It doesn’t
, Greg moaned as the thick head of Mycroft’s cock plunged through the tight ring of muscle, burying itself deep inside his arse. The mix of pain and pleasure sent goose bumps across his body as Mycroft began to thrust into him.
“I won’t risk losing John’s love. We have weaknesses now, brother mine.”
“It sounds wonderful, the way you describe it.” He wasn’t the usual type of man she was attracted to, but the more time Molly spent with Liam, the more she liked him. He was handsome, but it was his manner that really impressed her: open, honest and out-going.
: (23 April, early evening)
“Yeah, him and John are in love. Mycroft’s his older brother. He’s not used to havin’ teen-agers around, and he’s kinda on the formal side, so I want you on your best manners.” He grinned, thinking that
“I’d expect nothing less of you. How unusual is it for a mortal to resist answering?”
, Mrs. Hudson!” He waved his hand dismissively, banishing her image from his mind. “I was talking to
: (16 April, early AM)
“Adventure. I assume you know of my ancestor, Professor Edward Challenger. I’ve studied the accounts of his exploits since I was a boy. He was a most remarkable man.” His emerald eyes shone with pride.
, and it’s
“What circumstances caused him to reveal them?”
“I know. It’s one of the things that had me so shocked. I didn’t even know you two were close, and the thought of Mycroft… of
to be on top of the situation, or we will have panic and rioting on a massive scale.”
can see me when Molly and Mrs. Hudson can’t?” She followed along as they headed back to the dining room. “So, you and Mycroft? Really? Well, that
John felt ragged and breathless, as if he’d been the one shouting. His erection was nearly painful, but it would still have to be ignored—for now.
“You have an apprentice?” John asked. “And who is the Wizard Sigerson?”
She seemed to, at last, catch on to his sarcasm. “Joke all you want,” she said, walking gingerly towards the door with a pout. “You’re not the one at risk of having your heart stolen!”
“Do you think so?” Sherlock replied, with a small, pleased smile.
—clinical, detailed, intelligent, but also sensitive, and a bit oblivious. Someone knowledgeable in sexual technique, but who also required that their emotional needs be met. It was...cute, in a way.
“Why doesn’t the castle move any more?” John asked. “Everyone in Market Chipping said it moved.”
The fog had drifted through the windows now, smelling of salt and seaweed, the kind of brackish damp that clings to everything. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d slept, he was so tired, but there was something, something, he had to do -
Moriarty at last opened the door at the end of the hall (with a flourish he admittedly appreciated). The immediate reaction he had upon entering was that the room was unquestionably John, and very much suited to himself as well. The perfect mix of them together.
Of course none of this would have ever transpired if not for his unfortunate acquaintance with Sebastian Wilkes. Which in contradiction, made him a most fortunate acquaintance indeed.
Perhaps more startling than the man’s presence was the expression on his face. Moriarty was excited, his lips pulled back into a sneer. He looked like he was gloating, but over what he didn’t know. He felt like Gladstone, wanting to hide beneath a chair. Which was ridiculous. Afraid of one of his own servants, in a deserted hall.
“The bedrooms are never shown to the public,” he said, “only the hall and the gallery, and the room below.” Moriarty paused an instant, feeling him with his eyes. "Not at least, when she was alive.”
He couldn’t help but raise his brows at this - not only was this not something polite people mentioned, Magnussen had not once touched his tea.
John suited up in the Hudson’s antechamber, detaching and reattaching his leg’s assistive device to the outside of the suit, and worked the clunky helmet on over his head. After taking a moment to breathe in the helmet’s supplemental oxygen, confirming the suit was in working order, John opened the ship’s hatch. He made his way to the station, barely focusing on the familiar blue cratered surface of the planet, his repair kit slung over his shoulder. There was a slight bounce to his step before his boots’ weights kicked in.
No, John! He wanted to cry out after him. He was being silly – he’d been alone with Sebastian on innumerable occasions, why wouldn’t he be able to handle him now? But oh, why did John have to leave him alone with him?
Regardless, once Sherlock had gotten used to following, and watching, it had become second nature. He became spoiled, gorging himself on being near to John.
“Takes one to know one,” he whispers back.
Sherlock stood from his chair, pacing to the fireplace.
The rawness of Sherlock’s expression made him feel invasive. Even being able to see Sherlock like this, weak after his transformation, felt like overstepping. Sherlock’s exhaustion was apparent, even without knowing that he hadn’t slept in a proper bed for over a month.
“Which is it?” John asked, while again licking his lips. His hand holding the knife was absolutely still.
“John, I’ve gained at least 7 pounds since meeting you, even someone with your poor assessment skills should surely be able to see that. And of course I’m paler, we went from being in the sun all day to English country weather.”
“You don’t need to - ”
John was practically beaming. Sherlock couldn’t possibly guess who he was, because none of this made any bloody sense. In this universe, John shouldn’t have known anything. It was completely insane.
“And when was the body found?” Sherlock asked.
John started sliding the suede boots over the top of his shoes. “I meant what I said.”
John gave in to the first thought that crossed his mind, which was spreading Sherlock’s cheeks apart with his hands and slotting his cock between them, beginning a gentle rocking motion. John thought his heart might beat out of his chest thrusting into that damp, hot space, with Sherlock gasping each time he rubbed the ridge of his cock head over their entrance—but the angle just wasn’t quite right for it.
“Oi! He’s not even leaning on that cane!” one of the other soldiers cried out. “I bet he’s faking it for the army pension. Where were you even stationed?”
“Maybe that’s why he’s stealing them,” John suggested, as he finished wrapping her ankle.
Watson managed to keep one hand on the wheel.  He thought that Watson might stop the car and pull over again, but their speed if anything only increased.
“Dreadfully,” Sherlock replied, falling backwards into the armchair a few paces away.
John spent several of these disturbed nights sitting and staring at his laptop. The Science of Deduction had fast become his most visited website, despite there not being much new content beyond how it was the brother if the ladder was green.
Lestrade’s amiableness in the face of his own rudeness was truly remarkable. He felt his lips quirking up, just slightly. The master finding him charming besides, really, the things Lestrade would say to cheer him.
“You’re the talk of the town - you’re new, and they’re all incredibly bored.”
“Very good, John,” he said. He did so enjoy when John paid attention. “It’s all been resolved, though it took some time. Her husband was on trial for double homicide after all.”
Is this not comfortable for you? Sherlock leans over, folding his hands over his right calf. He lifts his legs clear over John’s, spreading them wide in the air. John closes his legs so Sherlock’s can land.
On one of these nights, with his desperation for a solution growing, John ran through all the possible strategies he could take. He could contact Sherlock, either through his blog, by phone, or by text, warning him somehow. The problem being, warn him of what and how?
( so much plot !!! ) xoxo see you again next week ~
John breathed out, his anger settling. The pain in his chest was worse than ever, and the urge to leave and never come back was strong. And yet, nothing was stronger than the feeling evoked by the thought of Sherlock turning into jelly all over the floor inside.
“If you change your mind, about the costume that is, do tell me and I’ll handle everything. I know the outfit of course, and the only place to get it done is Bond Street in London. I’ll be going anyway, no need to pester your Lestrade. And no need to send your measurements, I already know them. Must dash now, give my love to John,” she cooed, ending the call abruptly.
John was taken aback, and to Sherlock’s delight, his earlier temper returned at the mention of Magnussen. “I could go a long while without having to hear that name again, and sorry, how am I playing dumb?”
His heart clenches in his chest. John’s breathing begins to come in loud puffs. If Sherlock is – if Sherlock is – he’ll
As was becoming his habit, John stayed up waiting for Sherlock by the fire.
Something is crawling out from beneath the frame.
> OK.
The man silently assessed John for a long moment with a look that felt strangely familiar. It gave John the impression that the man was trying to decide whether John was in fact an actual idiot, or if he was hiding something.
They were the gentlest words and the most quiet affection John believed he had ever received.
When John put his foot on the first step, a realignment occurred that made his head spin. At once, the steps were not on a slant at all. The steps in fact were more like a stoop, and led into what appeared to be a ransacked living room.
And so it seemed he was to return to his play-act of host - except this time part of the performance was pretending Magnussen had just been brought in from outside, like any other guest. And with Moriarty, the ideal servant, beyond his constant overstepping of his bounds.
“I know that,” John said. A muscle in his jaw twitched. “Except, no, maybe I don’t. What if he transformed to fly away, and now he can’t turn back, like those wizards who work for the government?
“One fire on one side of the house could be fought,” Moriarty drawled. “If you’d solved it fast enough, I could have called off Robert. We do have a phone, as I’ve reminded you,
John replied, motioning to his headset.
> Oh. That’s true.
Sherlock and John had initially avoided London during the worst of the gossip, agreeing to not read the papers at all, avoiding Magnussen’s in particular. Sherlock imagined that one day in the future their paths might cross again, and that he might even find allies in the city, other victims of Magnussen’s blackmailing schemes…. But that was a dragon better left for another day’s slaying. Revenge was so much better served cold.
“Well of course I don’t mind!” John said with a laugh. “But I imagine you’d like them, all the same.”
“Please,” Holmes said, extending his hand towards John. “Call me Sherlock.”
, and finished his standard opener.
Watson twisted his neck to look at Sherlock in interest. “I didn’t actually apprehend any thieves,” Watson said, rather glib. “Someone prevented me.”
John was still rubbing his face, while continuing to stand in the doorway. The face rubbing normally meant he found Sherlock exasperating, and might need to go out to get some ‘air’, except that this time he might not come back.
“You’re young enough to be my son,” Watson said, apropos of nothing. “And I don’t know how to deal with you.”
John spluttered. “What was all that shit then, after that case? With the Wilsons?”
Which was how he came to be in the unenviable position of official companion to the infamous Sebastian Wilkes.  The dislike was mutual, but Wilkes coveted the image of his social status above even his own personal comfort. Having a personal companion was all the rage, and spoke to his growing wealth.
“— wasn’t sure what I was expecting, but just wondering, is there a response of any kind forthcoming?”
he’d saved a sailor, damn that man’s caretaker tendencies.
All of this Sherlock could have gotten away with. In this way, the first shape-shifting incident caused the second. By staying away from John, Sherlock had grown bolder, more desperate. And by feeding excessively while staying away, he had made himself lethargic.
“No, John’s had the suite in the East wing done up for us,” he replied, his defence of the change beginning to sound weak to his own ears.
Moriarty was relishing this, telling him exactly what he had always been too afraid to find out - that when it came to Mary, John would never let anything go, and would never do it
Sherlock feels certain that what he is experiencing, or at least doing about the experience, is actually not considered ‘usual’.  And he doesn’t want a cuppa.
As it had turned out, John’s interpreter skills were rather useful for a deaf man who worked as a ‘consulting detective’, an occupation Sherlock had made up. Sherlock had even created an unique sign for it as John had learned when he first visited him at Baker Street, which involved an excessive amount of wrist twirls.
He was distantly aware that there was a squabble now occurring between the accused waiter, the maître d’, and the recently arrived hotel manager, but all outside stimulus was muted. He was floating above their heads, above himself, his brain lit up like he'd taken a glorious hit of cocaine.
“I didn’t tell her anything, just that, you know - that we’d met and been married.”
They reviewed these calls for quality, a small voice reminded him. He could lose his job for this. Interpreting sex talk for a caller and someone else was fine, but egging the client on till they showed you their arse would be considered crossing a line. Definitely grounds for firing a shoddy sign interpreter. Everything about this was, in a way, bad.
Sherlock placed both hands on either side of the bath tub, and abruptly stood up. He had grown more aware of his own charms as of late, and flattered himself that his nude form presented a rather fetching view from behind (
But the pangs were there, and they would only get worse. Now that John had offered and they were in close quarters, it would get much worse. Why did John have to be like
So, and as he had long suspected, their mutual acquaintance was much more than he seemed. And his net extended further than just an estate in the country.
“No, he didn’t. “ In a mock imperious tone John continues, “Frankly, it was obvious, how did I not see it before.”
“Go on then,” Moriarty soothed him. “For John.”
Maybe he was beating them off regardless. Sherlock searches for the usual signs that John might be seeing someone or be in a relationship. Shirt well ironed but he could be doing that, this wasn’t the dark ages. Shaving cream behind his ear – no then, probably not. He was single. Available.
She leads them into the living room, where John takes a seat on the couch across from their hostess, who has lowered herself into an armchair while Sherlock begins circling the room.
“I’m very familiar with your associate,” Sherlock replied, smiling wide. “I look forward to his creativity. From Monte Carlo to Manderley, the life of a murderer's French groom. I’ll be delighted. Better luck next time.”
Lestrade yelled after him, but John had already taken off at a sprint, pulling his jacket off and over his mouth as he went. The entrance hall was fortunately still mostly intact, but John closed the doors to the library and the morning room as he ran past to the staircase, in an attempt to contain the flames within for his return trip. Which he was going to make,
The day Sherlock had come back from Mary’s cottage, John was certain that Sherlock would somehow know. Maybe John hadn’t scrubbed the floors well enough, or maybe there were still signs of a fight, or some other such thing that Sherlock just always seemed to
Stretching his currently uncooperative hand against the edge of his desk, John wondered if anyone would notice if he slipped out early.
This did not help with Sherlock’s apparent frustration, as their head hit the wall behind them with a soft thud. Sherlock shut their eyes again, but John’s hand on Sherlock’s zip was still clutched to their chest.
“Perfect,” John said, picking up one of the now broken off pieces. “Guess I’ll just have to improvise.”
Lestrade reminding him of his responsibility to John, and subsequently Manderley, was a bit heavy-handed, but then of course Lestrade was right. He had been selfish to bring his own insecurities down on the other man, but it was tiring attempting to be the saviour. Could he really be the hero of the hour everyone wanted him to be?
He could feel their earlier happiness slipping from them, and desperately, he reached out and grabbed it by taking hold of John’s free hand.
Finally – it appeared, Manderley, unchanged in its grand appearance and undisturbed in its perfection. It was the same as it had been when he’d first laid eyes on it, years ago, on the front of a postcard. He’d seen it then with no recognition or appreciation of its significance, beyond a passing thought on the possible mysteries a distinguished estate home might hold. For a long moment Manderley appeared exactly as it had, picturesque like the image on the postcard. The gardens thriving, light spilling out from the windows onto the entryway, and the house less guarded of its secrets.
Sherlock was sick to death of facing it all alone. The part of him that he had buried was coming to the surface, the part that wanted John to fix everything, always, though it was childish and, worse—not about to happen. Conviction gained while in the deepest level of his fever dream did not always mean conviction in the light of day, while staring into John’s troubled face. John looked like a man at the end of his rope, and Sherlock still feared John would at last cut himself loose.
“A...?” Sherlock’s mouth stopped moving almost as soon as it began, while his eyelashes fluttered several times.
“They call it 6D, but really it’s more like vintage 3D just done proper,” John explained to Sherlock, curled up on the sofa to his left. “The D stands for—”
The door to the morning room was open, but not flush against the wall, leaving him space to stand on the other side of it. He slid behind the door just in time to avoid being seen, hoping to overhear their conversation if possible. Unfortunately, Gladstone wasn’t quite with the program. The dog was standing by the door while pointed directly at him, with tongue hanging out and tail wagging. He made a shooing motion with his hands, though little good it did. The damn dog was going to give him away.
Before anyone could see them who wasn’t Lestrade, Sherlock ushered John into the library and closed the door behind them.
“Yep, that’s me,” John said, undeterred.
When Archie held out a thin book, John was surprised to find he was familiar with the spell already. It was the same one Sherlock had recited to him when he had first arrived, about catching a star, and finding a wind that advanced an honest mind. Now that John could see it written, he noted that there was more to it, the last line reading:
John and Sherlock stood together in silence, the feeling not unlike watching an accident unfold before them, and providing Magnussen with the dramatic pause he appeared to relish.
The soldier at the lead of the pack took a definitive step back.
“Yes,” the woman confirmed, out of breath and clutching her neck. “He’s stolen my pearls, and then tried to escape!”
Sherlock whacked him in the head with one the arms John had earlier thought useless.
“Mrs Hudson.” Sherlock wheeled towards her, and planted a kiss on her cheek. “No shops this afternoon, but soon, I promise. I’ll even go myself.”
John turned onto the left path without waiting, though Gladstone followed behind them eventually.
“And I might ask you the same thing! Coming into my bedroom, unannounced, wearing silk socks—nice touch John—did you slide down the hall the moment my door was closed, or did you wait a full minute before bursting in?”
“You’re looking for someone but that’s not what I meant,” she replies with a small smile and begins to pour tea into one of the cups. She adds milk and no sugar, just as John takes it, and places the cup in the saucer in front of him.
His impression of the sheets improved shortly after, but he might have been biased by the smell of John clinging to them, and the sound of John’s deep, even breathing next to him. The combination of John’s smell, the sound of him sleeping peacefully, and the soft cotton against his skin was all rather soothing. He yawned, pulling his wing up over his face, just for a moment.
“You forget you have a home, and I do not,” he chided. He knew this was badly done, as he’d just established that Watson’s home was his obvious sore spot. But how could Watson possibly think they were of similar places in the world? The suggestion was ridiculous. He was no one, and Watson evidently was someone.
“We should have stayed in France,” John said, gripping his hand back as tightly as it was being held.
“You mean to say – “ he began.
Sherlock’s hips were rocking up against him, and John started to move, as if he were just a piece in a Newton’s cradle. It was a slow grinding, John’s thrusts shallow, gentle, the perfect depth to rub against the prostate John has heard so much about, and the perfect closeness to rub Sherlock’s cock against his sticky abdomen. John’s arms were bracketing Sherlock’s face, and John learned from up close that the tears he had seen earlier were merely part of Sherlock’s experience, who was egging him on with legs clamping down and spindly arms wrapped round and round.
“Your brother?” John asked, taking over the role of incredulity, with his brows knit together in confusion. “Brother… God that makes a lot of sense, now that you mention it. So then he genuinely meant he worried about you constantly.”
The in-ship bot in the center of their circle attempted to escape as John walked forward, only to be pushed back in once more by the routing bots, acting on their programmed response to unidentified moving objects. From a distance, it looked like a ring of cardboard boxes restraining a tall collection of junk metal.
The tea spoon she’d been collecting clattered against the tray, and she scrambled for it with a scarlet flush across her cheeks. She was badly shocked, he realized. He thought he might have rendered her speechless until she squeaked out a hasty, “Yes sir,” before hurrying away.
“Fine! You’ve been so fussy lately. But I have good news for you, so do come over whenever you decide you’re ready.”
“Yes,” the builder replied tersely, “I converted it from a fishing boat to something more like a small yacht.”
Sorry, have I been telling you true stories?
“What if the culprit sees we are manning the room instead of enjoying ourselves with the other guests?” Sherlock continued, beginning to write. “We could scare them off, and it would all be for naught.”
John hastily signed back. And what a wrong number it was.
He said nothing in return, and finally fled to the outer corridor. He went down the stairs without thought, all his focus on finding his way to his own rooms in the East wing.
John breathed out, and as he turned, Sherlock’s shadow on the wall multiplied and twisted into monstrous shapes, almost blacking out the whole room.
John was rubbish at this, which he well knew, but he had to forge on.
Before they even reach the door it swings open to reveal a smartly dressed middle-aged woman, who from a first look appears quite sensible, if not a bit frayed around the edges.
John licked the corner of his lip. He felt like taking a risk, and didn’t resist the urge.
No, he wouldn’t be calling on any of them again. They could say what they liked. He didn’t mind. He had bigger fish to fry.
John and Sherlock both froze where they stood. That was a card Sherlock should have expected to be on the table, given that Moriarty seemed to be the connection between David and Magnussen, but he had hoped otherwise.
“Sorry to interrupt the good work you’ve been doing, but my client wanted to know what you might do with a demanding, bratty man who didn’t have any manners?” John asked, the tongue in cheek question quite possibly giving him away. John listened to the silence intently.
at him.
John had a lot of questions, but he started with the most pressing one first.
Sherlock barked a laugh, and for the first time in days, John’s shoulder felt relief.
“Has your English politeness been replaced with a bit of spine Mr Watson?” Magnussen asked in hushed tones. “Or, supposing your husband doesn’t return, perhaps I should call you Mr Holmes?”
“You came all this way just to see the house and ‘Jim’?” he pressed. “Seems quite a long way from London.”
Rationally, Sherlock knew his current living situation was ridiculous. He didn’t need a flatmate, let alone one he had to hide his true nature from.
Despite that being the exact descriptions of the police Sherlock had worked with, it was just a coincidence, John told himself, for the second time.
Sherlock was too high to see much beyond wet shoulders, bare chest with a slight dusting of blond hair, and water running off John’s biceps. This was, as it turned out, much more than enough, and was perhaps why his usually strong gripped feet slipped from the fixture. He stretched his foot out hoping to grab it, and when that failed, Sherlock flapped his wings, flying in a circle, with the hope of perhaps seeing a bit lower on John’s body.
“Yes, John, of course,” Sherlock said, and their haughtiness had returned. “If you’re quite all right, let’s return to the scouter.”
The soldier hesitated, but spurred on by drink and the group supporting him, advanced on John regardless. The rest followed close behind. John’s grip on his cane tightened as he wished he’d brought a pistol.
Big dicks, was it? That was rather… Well. John could work with that.
Sherlock pressed his lips to the tissue in response, and John made no protest. He began to undo John’s belt, and John made no protest to that either. Sherlock’s normally fast hands moved more clumsily than usual. He swallowed once, hard. John took over for him, and removed his own trousers and pants in one go, easing them down his thighs, and then turning on his side to get them the rest of the way. There was no self consciousness now that his scar was uncovered, and truthfully, there was nothing to be self conscious about. Sherlock couldn’t help but take in the sight - John’s body was perfect, proportionally and aesthetically, he was sure of it. It reminded him of a drawing by an old painter, whose name he’d erased for some such reason.
“You were living somewhere down in the south of France when Watson met you, weren’t you? Monte Carlo, I believe,” Magnussen said, taking time to enunciate each syllable.
“If she didn’t know,” he began, hesitant. “Do you think she could forgive Sampson for what he had done? Would you forgive him for it?”
John wondered how important the call would be, if it caused that kind of agitation.
“Gladstone,” he called, rotating in a quick circle, but there was no sign of him around the beach. John and him began to call and whistle while walking along the shore, but Gladstone did not come. John kept glancing at the mouth of the cove where the waves continually broke hard against the jagged rocks.
“An empty house can be as lonely as a full hotel,” Watson said after a pause, looking at him pointedly.
Moriarty returned swiftly with the book, but not fast enough for the tenseness in the room to not have grown tenfold in his absence. Moriarty presented the book with aplomb. “I’ve opened it to the day she died,” Moriarty said, disconcertingly helpful.
anyway –“
“Stop!” he yelled, chasing him and cornering the other man easily.
He remembered the dream John touching his hair, and the real John kissing his hair, and so he reached for him. His hand passed through the frame, and met with John’s shoulder. John was smiling at him, gently, in the way John did when he was listening to him. It was a direct and open expression. John looked expectant, but he didn’t know what the other man wanted.
He’d said that of course but then rent
He cried out at first contact in surprise, though there was nothing that could hear him. This wasn’t a luxurious routing station; the scouter wasn’t voice activated, even if it had been nearby. John thought of the bots currently on patrol, and tried to remember if any of them even came close to passing the general area he’d walked into. All the while, John never stopped struggling in his invisible bonds. He could feel sweat begin to collect along his hairline within the helmet made humid by his panting breaths, his heart thumping louder each time he twisted to no avail. Deliriously, John thought that at least he had finally managed to find something on the infamously barren BAK 2212.
Beaming at him over breakfast after a comment about slavery was something he was fairly sure was a bit not good - the sort of thing he would normally be chastised for. He felt strongly that Watson was less like other people than he let on.
“Do what?” Sherlock feigned ignorance, laying rather large hands out across the padded armrests.
“I’m an interfering bore, aren’t I?” she asked, finding his reaction hilarious, clearly. “Don’t mind me. You must know I’m devoted to John, though we always fight when we meet. I do really congratulate you on his looks. We were all very worried about him this time last year, but of course you would know the whole story.”
“Greg’s bi?” He gaped for a moment, then shrugged. “I’d have never thought it, but you never know about people. What’s that got to do with Mycroft?”
“We have something things to discuss between the three of us. Lucifer has offered to help establish the level and type of powers we’re facing with Violet and to make Loki more… manageable as he put it. You can imagine what he wants in return for his aid.”
“Just look, Grandpa. It’s on every station, even the international ones.”
“I love you, John”, Sherlock murmured softly.
“So… does this mean we’re a couple? What does it mean?”
“You’ve used his
“I’m fine, Uncle Greg. I just had some a while ago.”
him inside him, and Mycroft suddenly realized that he wanted inside Greg just as badly. He reached over, grabbing the bottle of oil from the nightstand. Greg rolled over, arching his arse into the air as Mycroft’s oil-slicked fingers slid between his cheeks, caressing his opening.
part of it, and so is
Mycroft watched as Fenris leaned over and kissed Greg, examining himself for jealously or envy and finding only erotic fascination. They were beautiful together; Greg’s silver hair contrasting with Fenris’s dark, metallic grey, and he felt emboldened by the knowledge that both of them wanted him.
John pressed close to him, driving in deep, spending himself as he cried out Sherlock’s name. He collapsed on top of him with a kiss, then rolled over, gasping for breath and wet with sweat and Sherlock’s cum.
when I…” Mycroft wasn’t used to struggling to find the words to speak. Usually, finding just the right words was one of his specialties. He sat up straighter and forced himself to meet Sherlock’s gaze. He knew he was treading on dangerous waters, conversationally. “Look, we both
“Who are you? Are you one of the old ones?”
“Yes. It didn’t occur that I could use it in that manner, but I do have a spell that might suit that purpose admirably.”
“Very much so.”
“My Mum’s been dead since I was a baby, so yeah, I’m on a bit of a bender. If I’m gonna be hallucinatin’ anyway, I might as well enjoy it.” Bill shrugged. “Trouble with th’ boyfriend, eh?”
: (27 April, late evening)
“John, that’s a prejudice that you probably need to work on, but bein’ a bit swishy doesn’t have a damn thing to do with your problem. Look, I told you
“Is that the Seer speaking or is that familial sentiment?
a spy, John. I’ve got
Molly’s day had gone wonderfully. She’d gone by to meet the two fairy hives, and it had been a delightful experience. She’d found the small creatures to be enchanting, and she’d been fascinated by their many variations. She’d taken a lot of notes, hoping to classify the insect species they were based on. On her way home she’d stopped by the store, picking up some things for herself along with treats for them. She turned down the pet food section, thinking she’d get a few treats for her cat, Toby.
“So, you’re willing to work with vampires, ghosts and werewolves, but you draw the line at fairies. I wonder
“Hey, John.” Greg looked up from rummaging through the refrigerator. “You need something?” He finally found some mead in the back and got a bottle to go with the two bottles of water he’d grabbed.
I? You’re a doctor, so you gotta know there’s a sweet spot there, and it’s a whole different kind of orgasm if the top knows what he’s doin’. And if he don’t, as long as he’s versatile too, it’s just not that big a deal for me.”
“Thank you, Lucifer. Will you answer a few questions about yourself now?”
“Why was that so hard to admit?”
“Westminster? That’s a bit posh, isn’t it? How can you afford that? Is this… Mycroft of yours paying for it?”
a better person?” Peter asked sharply.
to do magic. Is that how to do it? Just wish for something very hard?”
“What
“Look, I’ll make a deal with you. Come by tomorrow, and if you still think I need help after I’ve explained, then I’ll take some time off and see a therapist on Monday. Deal?”
terrifies him as well. He was horrified when I said he has a squishy side. So, you’ll need to approach him carefully and convince him he’s not mad.”
as that is to hear, I suspect there’s a
“Certainly, Doctor.” Lucifer rose gracefully from his chair in the lounge, slightly amused and wondering why John was so angry with him. He followed John into Mycroft’s study, availing himself of a glass of brandy as John shut the door behind them.
“The couple… what kinda build does the guy have?”
“We’ll find them soon enough, I promise. Until then, we should celebrate. We’re going to rule the world, just you and me, best friends, always together. I’m thinking we should do something festive to announce our arrival. Fireworks, people screaming… the city in ruins.” Jim Moriarty smiled at Eurus, wondering what the limits of her magic were. Fun as her powers were, he’d have to find a way to either steal them or get rid of her. She’d get bored with him eventually, and death hadn’t been nearly as fun as he’d thought it would be. He had no intention of returning to the gloomy Plain of suicides, endlessly prowling the banks of a river he could never cross. “Let’s raise a little hell, darling.”
“Greg must be quite the
“Greg, I know you said no wolf stuff, but is letting my tongue be longer okay?” He crawled between Mycroft’s legs, gazing up at him with his gold and silver eyes. “My teeth are sharp and I don’t want to hurt you, so I can’t suck it like humans do. I think you will like what I can do with my tongue.”
find attractive about him?”
“You didn’t have to tell him that last bit.”
“Gregory Matthew Holmes-Lestrade. It does have a nice ring to it.”
conversation. Everybody, including Mycroft, seems to feel the need to point out how
“Steven is bound to me by special dispensation from Oberon. If we need to be separated by any distance, I can make special accommodations for him or he can stay with his original hive at Emily’s tree.”
: (20 April, early evening)
“Modern humans shower a lot. But this time even I think I need one. I think I have cum in my hair.”
“And if he were to grant his permission, how would you go about transforming someone into a vampire?”
“The internet is our friend, John. I’ve found all kinds of interesting things we can try.”
“No response. He was on top of the dragon, then he just disappeared. Do you need evacuating?”
He did need the comfort of John’s touch. He’d thought he’d lost him last night when he’d seen him go over the rooftop, and only the feeling of John’s skin against his would quiet the almost overwhelming the storm of emotions he still felt from the pain of that moment.
“Yeah, you’re fine. It’s just an expression. Sit down before you faint, Donovan.”
“You like that?” He teased the entrance with his tongue, sliding it across the sensitive nerves.
“And I don’t know about shoe elves, but there actually is a file about fairies here…”
“I can get a job. I don’t want to be a burden to you…”
going to be remarkably difficult to live with.”
“Go downstairs, John.”
“See that you
were there. I’d have been fine if
“Gleipnir…Then you’re
“No, not at all. It probably is best, with the contacts… for your safety, I mean. Once word gets out about magic, it might make people wonder, but it’s a shame, really.”
“Entirely.” He stretched and rolled over, facing his lover with a smile. “I feel strangely rested for someone who only had a couple of hours of sleep.”
“Come on, we’ll go inside.” He stood, helping Anderson back to his feet with a look of amusement glinting in the corner of his eyes. The man was trying to control his fear, but he was shaking and even paler than usual. “You look like you could use a drink.”
“Is everyone alright? What happened?”
“Good.” He flashed him a quick grin. “Just checking.” He fell silent, gazing out the window.
Sherlock had dressed quickly and was already on one of the laptops when John stepped into the living room. He could hear Bill in the kitchen, quietly muttering something about not stealing something. John shook his head, thinking how odd it was to find himself hoping there was a ghost in the kitchen.
“Oberon called this Way Theodore’s tree. Who is Theodore?”
“Before you make any assumptions, let me show you proof.” He pulled a small box from his pocket. “Choose some item from the table and place it about three meters away, anywhere on the patio.”
the circle. That’s the whole point. Of the circle.”
: (14 April, evening)
“Unlike modern mirrors, that one is backed with silver. Get your coat, John. We have things to do.”
“No. It’s all or nothing. Now can we get on with your training?”
“Yes, so I’ve learned.”
“By the way, have you seen this?” He pulled out his mobile and showed Greg the Twitter post with the picture of Sherlock and John.
“You’re Death, aren’t you?” She asked quietly.
“But it will return.”
“There’s something else too, and it worries me. I killed a bug. Several, actually.”
“You take my breath away”, he said reverently, running his hand across the cool skin, caressing his arse. Pouring a bit of lube into his hand, he straddled Sherlock’s legs and bent low, tenderly nipping at his neck. Sherlock shivered, intoxicated by the meeting of fear and desire. John’s oil-slicked fingers slid between his arse cheeks, teasing at the opening in slow spirals until he could feel his lover arching into his touch. Gently, he slipped one finger inside, slowly slipping it in-and-out.
“A word first, if you please, Sherlock.” He froze, slowly lowering his hand and turning around. He knew that voice. It was his own.
“That had occurred. Are there any other Powers you might recommend to tutor her?”
it. It’s the
“Well, then, let’s hope this contraption works.” Greg looked dubiously at the device, a taser with a jar duct-taped to it. “We only get one shot at this, so Mary, I’m going to need your help to get her into place.”
“I’m okay. I’m here, the dragon’s dead, and we’re both still alive.” He reached up, tracing the streak of white that now ran through Mycroft’s hair. “You did good. Rest now, lover. You’ve done your part.”
a pet, can’t we just get a dog instead?”
“Is someone dying? I know it’s not
“I don’t know
Whatever that girl was she was
“Yes. There is a demon loose in London, a kind known as a skin-walker. We’re about to summon a hell-hound to track it down, and I wanted you on hand in case, for some reason, I can’t control the beast. Do you have any experience with swords, by any chance?”
the Nothingness. For the first time since her return, she contemplated the idea that her current existence could come to an abrupt end, and she’d be trapped in the Nothingness forever. Gathering her courage, she carefully made her way to the door, trying to touch as few people as possible. She ducked through it, past a couple entering the bar, and out onto the pavement. The girl was sitting on a low wall across the street, a cigarette in one hand and a beer in the other.
“Yes. Lucifer gave Sherlock a book, which I can read but he cannot. I just tried a few of them, and they’re most effective.”
, John? Do I still… turn you on?”
Unable to speak in were-form, Liam nodded. Thomas dissolved into mist, reforming on the bed beside Liam. The werewolf whined again, looking miserably at Thomas with his expressive golden eyes. He flinched as Thomas reached out and wrapped his arms around him. Control regained, he changed back to human form, weeping on Thomas’s shoulder.
“I…. I don’t know what that means, Uncle Mycroft.”
you two are a couple.”
“God, look at you.” Greg slid up his body, kissing him passionately as he lined his rock-hard, throbbing cock up with his lover’s entrance. “You sexy, beautiful man.” He growled in Mycroft’s ear as he pressed inside him.
“We need you, Molly. Right now, it’s just the four of us… or five, countin’ Mary. We need your expertise in the lab, but more than that, Mycroft needs people we can
. One makes do… for
“I don’t know. Unlike
. You still like women. I just don’t understand why you won’t find a nice
. The fact that he’d spied on him so much over the years had been a big part of why he’d let Greg past the walls he’d built around himself. He knew
“Staying with
“I don’t know if I can even
“Yeah, it’s been a little chaotic. I was worried there a minute at dinner that Loki and Lucifer were about to start a row.” He leaned into his lover’s embrace as Mycroft unfastened his trousers and slid his hands inside, fondling his cock.
“Yeah. Mary’s an old friend, and Alice…” He stepped closer to his Nephew, keeping his voice low. “I’ll explain later, but go easy on the ghost talk for now. She just… died this morning, and she doesn’t understand what happened to her. How clear can you see them? Do they look solid, or kinda see through?”
to help. That’s what bothers me the most. He’s a businessman, and he’s smart.
fast. “This is ridiculous. I sometimes wonder that I don’t drink more. Here I am, up in the middle of the night, trying to convince my
He slid his key card into a concealed panel, accessing the retinal scan required to use the well-disguised lift, and headed down to the lowest level. The crew hadn’t began working there yet, and he flicked the lights on to reveal a cavernous space, completely devoid of furnishing with the exception of a small desk and chair. He sat down, pulling out the red leather book Sherlock had given him and perusing its pages. Some of the spells, especially those for summoning various entities, required intricate preparations and rituals. Many of them required special components, while others only required a few simple words and gestures.
“I have reason to believe that very soon, he may go through a crisis of sorts. He’s not going to come to me with it, but I have hopes he’ll come to
are my type.”
“Oh God, Greg…” Mycroft shivered in pleasure and anticipation as Greg caressed the sensitive nerves around his hole. Greg took his time, kissing and nibbling all the little erogenous spots on Mycroft’s body, almost, but not quite, pressing his finger inside him, driving him nearly mad with desire. “Greg,
Mycroft’s visit wasn’t just about seeking brotherly advice. If it were, he’d have sent for Sherlock, not come here to Baker Street. He’d have wanted to be on his own territory. This was
“Well, technically it belongs to Mrs. Hudson…”
“I do have better things to do. Important things. Come and talk to me when you’re sober; I may have use for you.” He hopped up and brushed off his coat. Impulsively, he reached into his pocket and tossed the rest of the pack to Bill.
“Come in, detective. Make yourself comfortable.”
“Hey, Harry.”
“That’s really sweet, but I’ll be there for you. I been through this before, with my family.”
“Can you read, Fenris?” Mycroft glanced up from his mobile, looking at Greg unhappily.
without saying the words. He rolled off him, gathering him into his arms for a kiss. Mycroft snuggled into him, marveling at how this man had changed his life so much in just one week. He’d thought himself content being alone, but now, looking back on his life, he saw how lonely he’d been. They lay there for a while, then rose to clean up and change the sheets.
. For a guy who was a virgin a week ago, Sherlock gets pretty wild at times.” John laughed ruefully. “He’s insatiable. Sometimes I think he’s trying to kill me.”
“We’d probably just get in the way.” John grinned, still feeling a bit lazy from that afternoon’s mind-shattering orgasm.
He scratched his cheek, processing the idea. “Well, human nature never ceases to amaze. Lestrade?
to anything further at this point, but just do both of yourselves a favor and
” His ears pricked up and he thrust his head back out the window.
“Guys, you need to come upstairs. She’s awake.”
“I think…” He nibbled at Mycroft’s neck as he stood behind him, unbuttoning his waistcoat. “…that you’re better with them than you realize. When I told Alice I was going to be her Dad, she told me that she loves me. Then she asked if you were going to be her father after we’re married. When I told her yes, she said she loves you too.”
“There is some irony there, yes.” Sherlock sat for a moment, thinking. “I need to be as sure as possible this won’t hurt him in any way. Give me a few minutes to give him one last chance to change his mind. Do you know which bedroom we’re staying in?”
, and
“Perhaps, but it’s true and you know it.” Sherlock smirked. “You’re the resident sorcerer in this little group, brother dear. You’re going to have to resign yourself to doing
“I love you, Sherlock. I love you, so much.” John rolled him over onto his back, tenderly kissing him as Sherlock’s hands roamed across his skin. He grabbed the oil and spread it on his fingers, slipping them between his lover’s cheeks to caress his opening. Sherlock moaned softly as he slid one in.
“Are you alright, Sir?”
“I can’t ask you to pay for somethin’ like that.”
“I think he’s right, but what matters is what
“Yeah, thanks. It’s a fine old place you’ve got here.” Greg didn’t find the intensely Victorian decor to be to his taste, but he had to admire the man’s attention to detail. “I saw the magazine article about the restoration. You’ve done a beautiful job of it.”
awful, you know.” Sherlock watched in fascination as she sat
“He’s going to think he’s gone mad, like you did.”
want out of all this, Mr. Challenger?”
“If you insist.”
“Donovan, I wanna see you in my office.”
want to marry my son?”
“That fellow that caught you when you fell, the one that looks like that actor; is he really a God? And Lucifer… is he really the Devil? He seems too charming to be the Devil. I’d think he’d have horns and such, if he was really the Devil.” He also seemed far to handsome to be the Devil, but she decided to keep that particular opinion to herself.
“Will do.”
He refocused his eyes, watching Sherlock’s reflection appear and disappear as light played across the glass. John wondered if he’d ever understand how he could have come to feel as he did about him, or why. When had friendship turned into love? Why had loving him turned into being
“Oh, yeah, I forgot you shoot blood. Well then… I guess, let’s do it?”
distracted, older brother?”
“Sherlock…” John grabbed his arm, steadying him. Sherlock felt dampness on his lip, and reached up, wiping away a small smear of blood that was dripping from his nose. He noted that while some of the others had winced when the creature spoke, it seemed to affect him much more strongly.
Lucifer came with them, wings fluttering as he spent himself inside of Sherlock. He rolled onto his back, letting one wing fall to the side of the bed and grinning as the two lovers kissed. His eyes widened in surprise as John leaned across Sherlock and kissed him as well.
“I’ve moved in with my fiancé.” Greg couldn’t help smiling every time he said the words
him, didn’t you?”, Greg growled. “Keepin’ government secrets is one thing, but anything to do with the team, I should know. I’m the goddamn Director of Field Ops, for Christ’s sake.”
“You can still change
“Yes, well, I’ll still need all the closet space.
“Oh, yeah, I forgot he was up there.” John chuckled. “I’ve been watching the girls while Kat and Mrs. Hudson are out shopping, and you’re right; he really is good with children. They’ve been playing with him since lunch. I think they tired each other out. They’re asleep now too, so keep it down, by the way.”
“I really can’t even imagine that sort of life.” Mycroft smiled lovingly at him, and reached across the table, covering Greg’s hand with his. “I thought I’d grow old alone. It took
“You are the only one of your kind right now and it makes you feel alone. I know what that is like. I am the only one like me that will ever be and I have done things that even the Gods called monstrous. But I am not a monster and neither are you. I have found a pack to be part of and humans that trust and care about me. You can do the same, but you must learn to trust and care about yourself. You must learn to love what you are. Think on these things and if you want to learn, seek me out when the sun leaves the sky and I will teach you.” Fenris slipped back into wolf form, leaving Liam to think over what he’d said.
sex, Liam. I always have. I rarely turn down an opportunity to engage in it.”
“I’ll still be workin’ with you a lot. It’ll take the department a while to sort if out officially, but I’m sure I’ll end up the official liaison between us and the Yard.”
“I look forward to actually reading one, for once.”
“Magic. Have a seat, and I’ll try to explain.”
says he doesn’t even know if he’s gay.” John snorted. “There are things about him I’ll probably
“Sherlock and I, we… We’re…” He looked at Greg hesitantly. It occurred to him that he
“I feel the same way, Mycroft. What you said this mornin’; I’ve needed you all my life too.” Greg’s smile lit up his whole face, and he turned his hand, clasping Mycroft’s. His lover was slowly beginning to be more comfortable with showing physical affection outside of bed, and seeing him do it in public felt good. “I’ve been in a lot of relationships, but you and me, we’ve got somethin’ special.”
“Yes. I’m glad I’ve been cautious about touching John and Rosie.”
“No. I may not be able to stop Moriarty, but I can still stop my sister.” He reached for the handgun strapped to his thigh. “Go, John.”
“I’m due somewhere much later tonight, but I make time for my friends, Liam. I’ve been meaning to speak with you anyway. Has Mr. Holmes contacted you yet?”
yet, have you?”
good at finding them. It’s really quite impressive how quick he’s become. But I’ve heard enough bits and pieces to have some small reason for concern. For
interesting.”
he put it? Unraveled.”
to the morgue and did some checkin’ around… The new guy, what’s his name…?”
John lined himself up as Sherlock arched his hips back, impaling himself on John’s cock with a long sigh of satisfaction. John moaned as the thick head plunged through the tight ring of muscle, sinking deep into the heat of his lover’s body. He wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s long, lean cock, pumping it in rhythm to his movements.
tell John. The only reason he stayed behind was for Rosie’s sake.” Sherlock smirked, leaving out the rather long argument they’d had about it and the fact that he’d conveniently left out Lucifer’s warning when he’d told him.
“I had one. After that, my recollections are a bit unclear, though I can’t say if it was due to stress or to her slipping something into my drink. Either explanation is equally likely. I do distinctly remember what I did, however. Regardless of what Uncle Rudy may or may not have done, I am the one ultimately responsible. You have no reason for hold yourself accountable in any way.”
have a point, though. I may have subconsciously
“Yes, and you can do magic too, but you have to be very careful with it. You need to be very careful about wishing for things, or you could accidently hurt yourself or someone else.”
is his upcoming crisis. It
“I feel ridiculous. Must I?” Mycroft looked unhappily at his reflection in the mirror. He’d donned the black body-armor suit under no small amount of protest, mainly because Greg had been both insistent and still more than a little angry about that morning.
liking girls?”
John gathered up the garment bags and boxes and made his way to the bedroom. Sighing, he unzipped the first garment bag and was horrified for a moment, until he realized it wasn’t his size. Sherlock must have picked up a new suit for himself, a sleek, dark blue Spencer Hart. He wondered how much it’d cost and tried to picture him out shopping. He could barely get him to go by the grocer’s. It occurred to him that while Sherlock had always been well-dressed and had a closet filled with designer labels, he’d never actually seen evidence of him shopping for clothes.
“I’m just here to talk, Lucifer.”
“We should shower off, don’t you think?”
“I kinda think I know who it is. I’ll give her a call. Mycroft wants to talk to everybody later anyway.” He knelt beside Fenris, giving his ears an affectionate ruffle. “You did good last night.”
think so?” Mycroft arched one eyebrow curiously, looking at his lover as he slid a second finger in beside the first.
than me. Pretty might catch my eye, but smart is what I find
: (20 April, late-morning)
“Can I sleep in here tonight?” Fenris looked hopefully at his packmates. To him, sleeping with the pack was almost better than mating with them.
“You… you’re Tom Hiddleston.”
“Quite. Not my usual type, but I suppose I might make an exception…” Loki grinned, throwing down the metaphorical gauntlet. Lucifer wanted this mortal and obviously hadn’t had him yet. Challenges always made life more interesting for the God of Mischief.
trauma.” Sherlock cut John’s words off sharply. “That’s my point in making the comparison. Mycroft’s the one who went through the trauma. My own response to seeing what he went through was a conscientious decision I made. I was determined that I’d never make the mistakes he did, and in the process managed to traumatize myself. If he can find the courage to overcome the very real damage someone else did to him, surely I should be able to overcome the damage I did to myself. Is my brother really that much braver than I am?”
of the recently dead create some sort of temporary ghost.”
” Fenris glanced up at her then went back to his bowl. A bit of the small scream she’d been holding in escaped between her fingers.
a family trait, after all.”
, John.” Sherlock pulled him down for another kiss. Since the moment they’d slid into the taxi, Sherlock had been eager for John’s touch; to feel his arms around his body and his skin against his own. He’d spent their quickly eaten dinner and the rest of the ride home filled the delicious ache of anticipation.
“Well, I’ll just have to see what I can do about that then.” John took off his shirt and stood, removing the rest of his clothes.
“I’m not leaving.” He glared stubbornly at Sherlock.
: (24 April, mid evening)
It had nearly driven Mycroft mad, but someone had been there to help him through it. Ironically, that someone was now responsible for his current crisis. He called for his car with a heavy sense of dread. The idea of even having personal problems was awful enough, but the prospect of discussing them with his little brother left Mycroft grasping for a suitable adjective to describe the horror of it all.
dangerous. Besides, how would I know with any certainty? Maybe I just don’t remember. Perhaps it’s progressive and I’ll become dangerous. I can’t tell what’s real anymore. Did Mycroft come by earlier? I don’t know! It certainly seems more likely to have been a hallucination, all things considered. Lestrade, indeed!”
“What’s his name? What’s he do for a living? You make a good living, with the Yard. How do you know he’s not just after you for your money?”
“What on earth?” John stared at the bird in wonder. “That
damaged. Hell, the whole bloody world’s been
“I know”, she said softly. “But it’s good, isn’t it, you and Sherlock?”
to control it. Liam, I… I really do like you a lot. I’d sort of given up hope myself, that I’d meet someone nice, and then you came along. I’m not going to quit believing in you, and I’m not going to let you quit either.” She reached over, taking his hand again and looking at him with determination. “You still owe me a date.”
how hard this stuff is for you, and if want to say no, or set some boundaries, you won’t have any problems with me respecting that.”
think.”
“God…
“Apparently, yes. As I said, this is all very recent. I know this must be very alarming, but I assure you we’ve made great strides forward in our understanding in the last week. I have every confidence that the situation will be well in hand by the time the world at large realizes the truth.”
didn’t quite understand them. From what he’d been able to work out, the basic principle was that they were going to tase the ghost and it would somehow end up in the jar. He and Mary walked over to study the plans, peering over Bill’s shoulder.
“Don’t you
this. I love him; I know I do, but I’m just not gay and I don’t
“I want you to… if you’d like, would you…” Greg silenced him with a kiss.
take it up the arse? Really?”
There was a few minutes of silence, punctuated by the occasional sounds of bits of wood and plaster giving way, then a very dusty Fenris came bounding around the corner.
“I’ll see you soon. I’m going to send you so many presents.” He grinned as he watched her walk away. He was going to send her so many beautiful gifts…
going to live that down, am I?”
, or…”
“I’m so glad you’re here! He’s in a state this morning. He was still up when I brought up his tea. Second day in a row, too.” Mrs. Hudson almost always seemed to be glad to see him, but today she looked delighted. It was never a good sign. “Oh, she’s growing so fast! Here, hand her over and pop up to see him.” She took the baby, along with the obligatory Bag of Necessities, and turned her attention entirely to Rosie. She practically shut the door in his face.
interesting.” His smile broadened, spreading to his eyes, and he glanced over at John. “How about you, Doctor? What’s
“With one very charming exception.” He turned to Mary, who stood beside Sherlock and John, studying him in fascination. “You must be Mary Watson. It’s a great pleasure to meet you.”
“Free will? How is it free will when you force people to say things like that?”, snarled John.
“I love you too, Mycroft.”
“I think I do. Would this be something you’d be comfortable with?”
“We haven’t made any decisions yet, so don’t get too excited. We’ve never done anything like this, and I wanna make sure it’s the right thing to do.”
“John! Oh thank God!” Mary suddenly appeared, rushing over to kneel beside John. “I wasn’t sure I’d make it through. Are you alright?
“No. I admit, that first time in the lab when you transformed, I was, but you seemed very sweet, really.” She smiled, remembering how he’d slunk down, trying to make himself look as unthreatening as a nearly two-meter-tall werewolf could manage.
“No, you’re my first.”
“I said I was sorry. I didn’t mean that. I mean, yes, you’re still self-absorbed, but you’re far from heartless.”
“I’m already on it, thanks to Mycroft.” He grinned ruefully. “I’m going by right after I leave here. I’ll let you know if I see anything.”
“Yeah, I bet…” Already breathing hard in anticipation, Greg worked a large dollop of it into Fenris’s arse. He watched as Fenris straddled Mycroft and sank down on his cock. “God, that’s fuckin’ hot.”
“They’re very different, John. Lucifer genuinely likes humans. He’s even fond of a few of them. Despite his enormous level of power, he’s able to treat us as equals of a sort. For an ancient Power created before time itself, Lucifer’s emotions seem very human. Loki very much seems to see us as lesser beings, and his emotions and motivations are much harder to read.” He rolled over, letting John straddle him as he began the massage.
The Kingsbury and Porthaven doors were knocked on upwards of five times a day, with the written demands for Wizard Sigerson and Wizard Vernet to come to the palace to receive their orders piling up on the doorsteps.
“You were his—mentor?” John asked, more than a little surprised. He couldn’t imagine Sherlock having a teacher at all, let alone the Royal Wizard. But then, Sherlock must have been young once.
They made a charming scene, the four of them, smiling at one another before a party, discussing costumes. It all felt normal, comfortable, and as though he were one of them.
Instead, John found himself thinking,
Not that he knew from personal experience, but he was aware this was most certainly not the usual way of doing things.
Sherlock hummed. “The 13th?”
“What developments, Holmes?” Watson asked.
For a moment he was allowed to feel as though everything truly was perfect, before a sharp knock interrupted them. Another call John had to answer.
“And he left the pretty new groom at home all alone?” Magnussen asked with exaggerated disapproval. He took a long drag, slowly releasing the smoke through his open mouth. Magnussen eyes’s were once again sliding from his face, and roaming over his figure.  “Isn’t he afraid someone will come along and carry you off?”
As the husband leaned in for a goodbye kiss, he looked away, causing the book of love poems to shift in his breast pocket, and press against his chest.
He hardly saw John the first day, though they dined together in the evening. John, as always, asked after him, and insisted that he eat. And so began their little routines.
***Edit: check out
“What do you think of Monte Carlo?” Watson asked. ”Or, do you not think of it at all?”
“Strong magic often requires experimentation, or at least interpretation. Spells that actually say what they mean are weak. The more powerful spells are like puzzles that must be solved, and only when all the pieces have been assembled will the magic take hold.”
John reviewing letters reminded him of his own - a solitary letter received from his brother in light of the news of his recent nuptials. His brother had been particularly odious in his sentiments. Certainly no offer of congratulations.
“What?” John asked, startled. “Toss all your experiments?” Some of them Sherlock had been working on since before John had even arrived, which he toiled at all day and part of the night, as far as John could tell.
“Do you really want to die, Mr Watson?” Magnussen asked, moving closer to John, and leaning over to emphasize the difference in their respective heights. “Would you really leave behind your young man from France, so soon after acquiring him? Or are you afraid that the papers are right about his true interests? Are his affections reserved for the man of the house? I did promise to pay him another visit. Perhaps, I’ll wait till after you’ve been trussed.”
“Presumably, the same way Sherlock got in and out with them. Look, John,” Greg begins to lead John out of the room, likely thinking that moving further away from a dead animal might help defuse the situation.
Wilkes continued, undeterred, “I’ve seen pictures of it of course. I must say, I wonder how you can bear to ever leave it.”
“I need to feed to continue living. The food humans eat doesn’t sustain my body in the same way, but I can consume it.”
He almost flushed. God, was he going to have to obey Wilkes’ rules of society now?
“If you ever want to come again you have only to tell me,” Moriarty repeated. “No one ever comes but me.”
“Shut up, Mycroft!” Sherlock shouted, spoken with true venom. “Before I
“Incredibly,” Watson murmured, with no interest in hiding the fact. “But you answered my question with a question. You see, your Boswell is learning.”
And while John hadn’t said any of that, now that Sherlock had mentioned it, he thought it a good point. “Good people have lost their lives, are losing their lives as we speak, and you could help. That’s it. That’s all I was thinking.”
There was nothing for it. What else could he do? He was hopelessly, and impossibly, in love.
“You asked if it had changed. It hadn’t, but there was also no sign of us ever having been there before. Like it only existed in my memory now, and could be redone. So, you being with me there. Yeah. That helped. You blotted it out. You actually blotted out the past for me. So, damn your tight-lipped puritanical speech, and damn your idea of my kindness and charity. If I spend my time with you, it’s because I want to be with you, and if you don’t bloody believe me you might as well get out of the car now and walk home.“
He couldn’t stand it. He stood from his chair once the noise level had returned, and followed after John, to say – to say – he didn’t know what.
He snorted. “Be myself and they’ll adore me? John, most people find my personality repugnant.”
“You’re out of luck with me I’m afraid,” he said, nonchalant. “Though the horse will fetch you a pretty penny I grant you.”
“Are you all right?” John asked. Sherlock realized the fingers drumming against his leg had grown sporadic. Possibly twitchy.
Sherlock’s chest feels tight. Maybe it’s due to how much he currently resents the other passengers who wouldn’t stand, even though Sherlock knows he himself would never have been so chivalrous.
There is no such man on the train. Instead, Sherlock is stuck in between an Albanian woman with excruciating body odour and a bald male stockbroker who is apparently unable to breathe with his mouth closed.
Sherlock slowly turns beet red, all across his face and neck, which John finds both astonishing and adorable.
Except then, John was pulling away. The hands, that had just been holding his face so dearly, were drawing away to rest on his shoulders. Why was John stopping? Unless it was true, that he had imagined everything, everything John had said -
Watson turned to face him, but avoided making eye contact.
You know very well that I don’t, John, but I assume you’re going to tell me.
“The top of that hill I took you to once when we were in Monte, the one where I told you that you helped me blot out a memory. That’s where she revealed herself to me, so to speak. The things she told me about herself, then... just hearing them was enough to make me sick. Christ, you have no idea how much of an idiot I was. I’d honestly thought she was interested in me, genuinely interested. I was stupidly optimistic, hoping we would grow to be fond of each other. But even when I knew that would never be the case, I went through with it anyway. Manderley had been suffering back then, financially and in the public eye. She made a deal with me, a bargain on top of that hill, that she would bring Manderley back to what it once was. That we would be the most envied couple in all of England.”
After taking a moment, Dr Davenshaw stands from her chair. “I’ll show you,” she says, passing to the end of the living room to open the door to a bedroom.
“You don’t know what to do with me, and so your solution is marriage? After what, a fortnight?” he spat, leaning his face down to John’s, using his height in a desperate attempt to intimidate.
Sherlock’s chest was heaving as they breathed in through both lungs and gills. Their eyes were still fixed on John’s face, but now wide with disbelief.
John opened the door, and then immediately made as if to close it again at the sight of Sherlock, before seeming to remember that Sherlock had specifically invited him in. Sherlock was both intrigued by the reaction, and made suddenly and painfully aware of his current nudity.
Sherlock wouldn’t have texted back a wrong number a day later out of curiosity. Therefore, something John had said was now relevant.
“Okay,” John said. He laughed under his breath in disbelief. “So you made me come back here, again and again—for what? Was it funny for you, watching me have to do the same thing over and over?”
Sherlock tugged at one of the sleeves hanging loosely at their sides. “Let’s go back. You’ve seen all you would wish to, I assume.”
“It must have been a terrible time for all of you,” he said, grasping for something to say, to appease, and to draw himself out of his own head. “I don't suppose you like being reminded of it, I just wondered if there was anything one could do to the cottage, as it seems such a pity, all the furniture being spoilt by the damp -”
“Sorry, what was that?” John asked, leaning forward in his seat.
John was used to pre-come causing a bit of a damp spot, of course, but the crotch of the coveralls was now practically
Was she honestly saying…?
Perhaps out of always favouring his left side, John made his selection, hurrying into the building, and down its long halls. John listened for any noise, any murmur of voices. He couldn’t exactly call out to anyone.
The Witch matched John’s pace up the stairs easily. When John grumbled, the Witch laughed and said, “You should try it in heels. Why are you bringing that dog with you, anyway?”
What else was on that list? Oh, right.
“I imagine because of Manderley," he said simply.
“Don’t be angry with me any more,” he said. This was not a good start, nor was it what he had planned to do or say, but the feeling bubbled up out of him all the same.
Sherlock muttered something unintelligible beneath his breath. Louder, “Ignore her.”
As John’s thoughts on the subject became more muddled, Sherlock launched themselves from the seat across from him, and padded out of the room at a breakneck pace.
Carl Powers. He did remember, he remembered telling John about his first case, a drowning that hadn’t been a drowning ….
Imitating the beginning of his earlier neck massage, John laid one hand on his shoulder, and allowed his fingers to drift up the slope towards his neck. A soft noise, and Sherlock was turning on the spot, smooth like pirouette. Sherlock ducked down with only his neck, like a smooth-skinned giraffe stretching out to nuzzle against his cheek. The strangeness of their disrobing was forgotten with the first touch of bare skin, with a wiry arm slipping around his torso, with one big hand cupping his jaw, and with kisses soft across his mouth, hard across his cheek, and a bit wet on his nose. It was easy to lay back onto the bed together, second nature to stroke down Sherlock’s sides, and inescapable to whisper into Sherlock’s flushed ear.
“They’re after me, not you. Take these and head east. Our Kingsbury shop is gone, do you understand?”
John pressed down. No. Not. Not to that. But, if he couldn’t ever have what he wanted, he could have this, couldn’t he?
No matter.
The knocking at the castle door began not long after.
“You need to sleep,” he said when John finished the call.
“Well go on then, read it out to me,” John says, a smile tugging at his mouth and his newspaper now forgotten and placed on the side table.
> You’re ridiculous ;-)
“I can see that,” Sherlock said, as the dog rubbed against his leg. Sherlock reached down to pat the bulldog’s head with a fond smile. “Couldn’t you have picked up a dog who isn’t Mycroft’s little spy? But, no matter, let’s do something about this first.”
John offered Sherlock the chance to drive the scouter, with the ulterior motive of hearing them whir and click again, and he was not disappointed.
There was a dinner, of course, and though he had spent many afternoons agonising over the menu to exacting specifics, he couldn’t remember if he ate a single bite. Dinner conversation was tortuous.
John was startled awake by a knock on his bedroom door that didn’t stop at one.
He felt better the moment they stepped outside. He put a cigarette between his lips, which he lit almost as soon as he was out the door. He paused for a moment to breathe out the smoke and admire the view out across the lawn.
He was meant to call him ‘John’ now.
John guessed that Sherlock was likely just as inquisitive about John’s form as John was about Sherlock’s. However, John would have hazarded a guess that Sherlock’s curiosity might not have run in the same vein as his. Knowing Sherlock, they probably had a purely academic interest.
“Not to mention, you love your dramatic reveal too much to ever share the details with me beforehand.”
To John’s great relief, it was the same man he had met in town, Sherlock.
He looked down at Gladstone. “Back to the house?” he suggested. Gladstone looked relieved.
“Well, it was an old one that had been plaguing you, since before you met me,” John said.
He’d know those ridiculously large palms anywhere.
He had gotten better at hearing ‘Mr Watson’, and knowing that it referred to him.
