John was on the couch, bumblebee stickers on his cheeks and hands and marker too.
He turned as the door behind him opened. Marisol entered with Robbie who was being pushed in a wheelchair by a nurse.
“It’s going to be one of the best days ever” Greg smiled.
“This just makes it so real. We’re getting married” Mycroft smiled
The Photographers took many shots with all of them, John’s favorite though had to be the one of Sherlock and Rosie by the hanging flower basket. The assistant photographer snapped that one. John was watching Sherlock and Rosie as he posed for a picture with Molly. Rosie leaned over to sniff the beautiful flowers and the assistant turned at the same time and quickly got the shot. John could see it in on the screen on the camera. He knew exactly where that would go on the mantle at home.
“Shock collars” Eurus explained “Set to a high voltage, it won’t kill you, but it will make you wish it did. One false move and I will set them off.”
“I don’t like pant lines under my suits” Jim grinned. Sebastian laughed.
On the screen Henry stumbled but didn’t fall.
Their life was non-stop. This past week in the hospital since waking up (after being unconscious for three) was the longest Sherlock had even been in one place for longer than a few days.
“Never done a best man speech before, had a groom’s speech written once and never got to read it.” John paused nervously; he wasn’t good at public speaking. Sherlock reached up and held his hand. “I have only known Greg Lestrade for 6 years. In that time I have had the pleasure nay the honour of calling him my friend. I will admit it didn’t start off to good. My first introduction to Greg was at a crime scene where Sherlock basically told him that I was with him and therefore allowed at this cordoned off crime scene. But over the years Greg became one of my closest friends. He was there for me at my darkest moment. Greg stayed up all night with me and made sure I didn’t do anything stupid and made sure that I was still in this world. No person I had ever known in my life had been willing to do that for me. But that is Greg. His caring knows no bounds. I have seen him comfort victims and loved ones left behind. He is the best dammed police officer I have ever met. His drive for justice knows no bounds. He can be ruthless with a criminal, but never steps out of line. He still exhibits caring with some criminals. Especially with the younger ones, the ones he sees as needing guidance. It’s why I was not surprised to learn that Greg is a volunteer mentor at a local youth center. Teaching the kids football, and cooking, and everyone’s favorite, his baking. Greg is like a brother I never had, and one I am grateful to have now. I remember my stag night. How drunk Sherlock and I got. We were light weights really. Wound up in jail after trying to solve a case while drunk. Greg strutted into that cell as loud as he could be. It echoed through our heads so badly, the throbbing of my head churned my stomach. I asked him if he could be a little quieter and his response was a very loud NOT REALLY” John chuckled as did the guests at John’s impression of Greg. “Sherlock was of course upset over the missed opportunity of a great case while I was still trying to make my legs fully work. Greg led us to his car where he had the radio off, two large bottles of water waiting with some pain tablets. He drove us home and made sure we were there safely before heading back to work. He wasn’t acting as Detective Inspector Lestrade that morning; he was Greg Lestrade best friend.” John paused “I also feel the need to tell the story of January 13
“Frankenstein was a doctor created his monster so named Adam because he had a god complex, he wanted forbidden knowledge. He built Adam by piecing together multiple body parts; he was brought to life by a blot of lightening striking the machine he built.” Sherlock rattled off as he paced.
“I am so glad you could come John.” She smiled
“Sorry sir?” Anthea said turning “You know one of the men?”
Sherlock stiffened.
The music cue hit and they strutted onto the stage to the cheers of the crowd.
“No. I need to do this now. It’s only fair, you opened up, my turn.” John took a deep breath. “My father kicked me out of the house when I was 14. He caught me with another boy up by the rugby field. We weren’t doing much, just kissing. But it was enough. My father had been abusive all my life. Mostly to my mother, then as Harry and I got older he started in on us too. It’s sort of how I decided to become a doctor. I would watch them work every time we were at the hospital. I’d watch in fascination as they set my arm or stitched up Harry’s cheek. How gentle they were tapping up the broken ribs of ten year old me or talking Harry away from suicide when she was 12. Father had already kicked Harry out of the house a few years earlier. This was after she brought home her first girlfriend. So it wasn’t too jarring to me to get kicked out. I know my mom was disappointed. I had a girlfriend at the time who she adored. But I didn’t really know what I wanted. And Frank was a good friend from school. We were on the rugby team together. We were young and curious. Frank is now happily married too Angelica Waterrose and have five kids. His parents really didn’t care who he snogged. As long as his marks stayed good and his performance on the rugby field didn’t falter that was all that mattered.” John stopped and looked out the window. It was starting to rain.
“The photographer is ready for the pictures” Daddy Holmes said as Mummy held the door.
“But she does, now she does, it’s amazing what techniques exist to unlock memories even from someone who was so young when they lost them.” Eurus gave an evil smile. “Now she has to deal with knowing that They all thought she was dead. Uncle Rudy always did think he was doing the right thing when really he was making it worse. You see. She now knows that I pushed her down the stairs. And she knows why. I hated her. Sherlock always wanted to play with her and that stupid dog. So I pushed her. Oh you should have seen the blood. She was in the hospital for weeks. During that time did Sherlock spend any of it with me? No he and that stupid dog made cards to take to Willa. So the dog had to go.”
“Why” Mycroft said lazily as he left his eyes closed
Greg had attended over 20 sometimes doing up to four funerals a day all for various officers and support personnel of the MET who he had known. Today there had only been one and this morning’s had been the hardest, the one for Sally Donovan. Her father had met Greg at the church doors, he wanted Greg to be an honorary pallbearer and walk alongside the casket. Greg had agreed. Dimmock and Anderson were the only pallbearers Sherlock had recognized; the other DI and the forensics tech had been out on a case and had not been injured. There were many faces in the congregation that they recognized as well, people who had worked cases with Greg, or had been at crime scenes Sherlock had visited.
He had a few tubes going into his torso and a rather large bandage. IVs in both arms and bruises as well.
The ground beneath her shook, she looked up as the wall in front of her collapsed.
(See the end of the chapter for
John mustered his strength to remain standing. Sebastian just giggled and pushed him again.
“I’ll put a security detail on him” Mycroft smiled.
The chapter title come from a 1513 engraving by the German artist Albrecht Dürer entitled The Knight, Death, and the Devil
“Rosie’s mother was the wife of my, friend” Sherlock said, it didn’t seem right to say wife of now partner to a complete stranger.
Sherlock stood and moved to his chair crossing his legs under him and almost perching on the seat. He closed his eyes his hands tented underneath his chin.
“Oh ok. You seem a little, bored.” Lestrade remarked as he looked around the disheveled room.
Then the phone rang and the voice and the plan started. Sebastian looked at the unopened letter in his pocket.
-=-=-
“She got almost everything she asked for except for her freedom. Books, newspapers, photos.” Anthea listed.
“Molly won’t let me have his number.” Sherlock pouted.
“My mother, my second mother, was the secretary to one of the most powerful men in the British government, my well at the time friend Mycroft was also powerful. My child hood wild days were never put on record. I was a terrible teenager. I shoplifted more than once, had a few ASBOs in my time. But none ever stuck. I even got arrested once for escaping from police, it where I learned to tuck and roll. I learned to get out of handcuffs, though my hand are bigger now, had to break bones but I’ll heal.”
I have some chapters hand written (Yes I still do that!!!!)
http://www.richmondcreativeevents.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/3-little-words-one-special-day-Website-Copy.pdf
“You did everything you could for Mary, Martha said it was Mary’s choice” Mummy Holmes calmly said and she placed a hand on John’s shoulder
“He’s calmer now, resting, so his heart beat has settled into a more normal rhythm, I want to monitor him still to make sure that is stays normal and is not elevated or abnormal.” John explained. “I am not his doctor so I don’t know what is normal for Greg just what an average normal is.”
“Yes. We can seat up to 140 for each” Flora replied
“He knows?” Ashton asked
“No you are too emotional and that was your downfall, great plans but too much emotion.” She said lowing the pillow onto his face “Don’t worry though; you and Jimmy will be together soon. You can enjoy hell together. Do give him my regards”
“Move the trucks, let the emergency personnel waiting over at Strutton Ground and Abbey Orchard Street to come and pick over the wreckage for survivors. “ Sebastian said heading to the car.
“She was your first friend, your first ally in this career of yours” Eurus said over the speaker. “She trusted you with her life and you screwed her over so many times. But a person can only be pushed so far till they break”
Mummy explained Sherlock’s face fell.
Mycroft’s eyes teared up as he heard the music start. The music that was supposed to be played by Willa was still played by the symphony. They weren’t playing you stereotypical wedding symphony music. No Chopin, Pachelbel, or Bach. As Greg’s nephew Andrew made his way down the aisle, the symphonic sounds of The Who’s Love Ain't for Keeping. Greg loved rock and punk. While his punk and rock love would be more showcased at the reception. Mycroft had suggested using two of Greg favorite slower songs as the music for their walk down the aisle. A third song one they both loved would be used later and their first dance Mycroft smiled, that would be extra special.
“My parents liked to be unique” Sherlock smiled
It was hard seeing everyone just laid out. Molly and Anthea could move to chairs for sitting if they preferred. Molly found it hurt too much to sit so just reclined in bed, watching the others
Sherlock sighed.
“That was a full charge… what to see it again?” Eurus asked. Victor was howling with laughter beside her.
Soon, so very soon she would put her plan into motion, and the battle for Sherrinford would begin.
“I have a list right here.” Flora said handing over a sheet of paper.
John agreed, but he didn’t like being fussed over and had snapped at Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson a few times. They had just smiled and kissed his forehead.
“Now” Greg said moving closer to Mycroft. “Doesn’t that feel better to get that all out in the open?”
This would be their first stop. Molly Hooper, she was the easiest in to Sherlock Jim could find, a Pathologist with a hard on for Sherlock that knew no bounds.
Sherlock pulled John in and kissed him.
Sherlock stepped off the stage as the other models went with their last looks. Sherlock winced as he bent down to change his pants to the unisex kilt Marisol had created.
Not that love was sickening, no, Jim was a criminal mastermind, but that didn’t mean that he didn’t know or feel love. On the contrary, Jim was quite the romantic. That was the difference between Sherlock the cold unfeeling Sociopath and Jim the full of emotions, but still collected psychopath.
There was some commotion outside followed by footsteps.
"Oh, I thought he said your name was Gavin?" Marisol said looking around. She saw Ashton on the ground "OH god, Ashton, where's Robbie, My Robbie?"
Irene flinched “No, no argument sir, do as you please I will follow your instructions”
“I really need to start eating more and getting my strength back or I’ll be in need my cane again to keep me upright” John gave a small chuckle.
“It was not my choice, Uncle Rudy.” Mycroft started.
Life just...Sorry sorry.
Mycroft smiled more; he wanted to run to Greg but restrained himself and kept the pace they practiced.
Jim looked back down at the paper in front of him. He hadn’t managed to write much.
“I did. Willa Masterson was born Willa Holmes, she is my sister whom I thought was dead.” Sherlock said “Now release Mike. Eurus.”
Riley said that if that were the case, the Lt. Colonel would sort it out.
John nodded and kissed Sherlock, then kissed Rosie’s forehead, she cooed as he turned and entered the room.
She had been back two months but still they gave her the less traumatic cases. Yes she had trembled a bit the first time she stepped in front of a body, the lights above her and the empty morgue. Yes she had let off a small yelp when a truck drove down the road and shook the building. But that was all behind her know. She had taken that step and now was ready to keep moving forward in life.
The crowd laughed again
John looked between the Karen standing in front of him and the Karen on the screen.
John nodded and stared out into the room.
“Yeah, it’s actually good exercise” Greg smiled.
“Just like John believed that he was pouring out his heart to a widowed cancer survivor you thought you were bonding with a boy and his disabled mother. You told me lots about your relationship. Without having to say many words at all.” Eurus said
“It’s alright Gregory; you are going to be alright. I am here” Mycroft said softly.
There laid out on the floor was a woman, in a pink suit, the word Rache written in pink paint. There was pink phone beside her too. It sat there vibrating.
Dimmock flinched.
Eurus sat in her cell, she watched as the doors leading in opened. She gave a small smile as he neared the glass wall of the cell.
“Can you decipher what they say?” John asked as he copied out the symbols on a blank sheet of paper.
Greg just hung his head and kicked a patch of dirt in the grass.
“Men started dropping. Back up was called. I was trying to protect on one the last still living patients we had. That’s when the pain tore through my body. The bullet had entered through the front and exited thought the back. Shattered my shoulder blade, as well as my first and second ribs, both front and back. I have plates on them now and a few on my shoulder blade, as well as a rod and two screws in my collarbone. I didn’t fall down. I stared at the bleeding wound in my shoulder and sort of lay down. Riley was running towards me when the next shot went off. Riley just stopped. I didn’t know what was going on as I was starting to lose consciousness. Riley looked down at me and there was blood running down his face. The bullet had caught him just under his helmet. He didn’t die instantly. He died three days later in a bed next to me in. Landstuhl Regional Medical Center, Germany. We were taken there before being brought back to England. Neither he nor I and many others were not stable enough to make the full flight. I was given a day pass to go to his funeral. His mother cried. A lot. She said I could come at any time and visit. But I haven’t been back since.” John stopped as his voice caught in his throat. The tears that had been building finally came.
At the end of the street he could see two of the large garbage trucks; they were parked along bend where Baker Street became Park road. Two more were parked blocking where Baker Street met Allsop Place. Each barricade also had some tank stoppers in front, a glance the other way saw that Baker Street was barricaded at Malcolmbe. Each barricade had several what looked like soldiers armed with guns. Anyone trying to get near them was gathered into a holding area off to the side.
“Oh what’s a couple of bullets in shoulders” Sebastian laughed
Molly just watched the woman leave. She said something that had made Molly start thinking.
I don't know why I feel the need to write this but I do.
Well Greg had always pictured a few kids running around as well, but with him in his 50’s it wouldn’t be fair of to have a child now. Constantly being mistaken for a grandparent, no it was too late for them to have any of their own, but Greg vowed and so did Mycroft, to be the best uncles they could for Rosie. And Mycroft had certainly vowed that she would want for nothing as she grew older.
“Ah good you can have Ashton do all the heavy lifting.” Sherlock said
“I’m sure it will be fine” John said kissing Sherlock’s cheek, he looked over to see Molly in the kitchen smiling.
My Time line for events is based on one online with Sherlock taking his Leap in 2011 and Shooting Magnusson Christmas 2014 with 2015 being the year this story is set. The explosions in Siege of Baker Street being January 2015 and this now 4 months later April 2015. Thought I would put this here as someone I was reading this too asked and I figured best to put that here also same person asked about ages so Sherlock 36, Mycroft 43, Greg 52, John 41. Sherlock and Greg I just took from Benedict and Rupert’s birthdays, Mycroft using the 7 year ACD gap and John just from musing seen on the internet. My not fit exactly with show but hey this is my own alternate series right  :)
“Just take a deep breath in honey, then let it out” She rubbed his check as he did “I know it’s a lot to take in. Deep breathe sweetheart. There we go”
Irene looked back out over the water. The rain was in no hurry to let up and go away. She hoped it would soon. The calendar on the wall said it was Friday. Saturday was the wedding Greg and Mycroft becoming one in marriage. Singing, dancing, and festivities no one there had any idea of what was coming.
“I will not cheat on you Greg” Mycroft spoke up.
“I wouldn’t put it past him” Lestrade said frantically texting John and Sherlock as he walked.
“Until the Wedding, and then the plane.” John interjected.
Anthea helped Daddy Holmes get him settled again, her side was not as sore as it had been and she was glad to be a bit more independent and mobile.
Eurus stood in the hollowed out room. Once she had started gaining her freedom from incarceration in Sherrinford she started coming here often. Musgrave Hall, the ancestral home of her family, abandoned for years, the hollowed out shell gutted out by that wicked fire she started.
“I will admit for quite a while it was a rough patch for us. Well more than a patch more like a rough life. We both suffered a great loss when we were younger and we each dealt with us in our own way. We both became closed off and that put more friction on our relationship. We drifted apart and cut ourselves off from the world. Mycroft channelled his energy towards his government job and I to drugs and causing trouble. But we now know that if it wasn’t for my vices Mycroft and Greg would have never met. Mycroft was my contact when I was at my worst. And he got to meet Greg. I believe Greg was the first to see the goodness in Mycroft, the goodness that even Mycroft couldn’t see in himself. These two deserve each other. They balance each other out. Mycroft is the brains and Greg is the heart. But I see them more becoming like one in the future. Greg has taught Mycroft to relax, to love, and to live more fully. Mycroft has done for Greg what he does for everyone he meets. He makes them a better person by giving them the space, resources and support to live up to their full potential. Mycroft though the years opened my mind to look beyond the surface. For Greg he gave him the support to rise from the inspector on loan to vice he was when he met us to the Detective Chief Inspector he is now. To Mycroft, long may he reign!”
John nodded and moved in closer to Sherlock. He wrapped his arms around him and held him close, head resting on Sherlock’s chest. He was trembling. Sherlock wrapped his arms around him and kissed to top of his head. Hopefully eventually, they would both be alright.
“What happened in the ambush John?” Sherlock asked
Greg sat at the table staring at all the paperwork in front of him. He was slowly getting the hang of this DCI position. It was just a step up from what he had been doing before but was a bit more of a supervisory position with extra responsibilities. He still responded to cases he still could go out and actually investigate but only if all the paperwork but other cases were done.
=-=-=
Molly looked around the room, she had never been in a private ICU before and wasn’t even aware that the hospital had one. She wasn’t even sure if she was qualified to be in even a normal ICU, but she guessed on orders from Anthea all were to be kept together under guard.
“He’s not fully back in the swing of things.” Molly replied. Brodie nodded “There are a few blood samples from Mr. Underwood, may have some tissue samples later”
It was easy to move in and out of Sherrinford. Once Eurus had gained control of the guards it was easy to come and go as she like. Not that she did it much. But when one of her little spies told her of Sebastian and his plan, she had to help. But he botched that and plan b went into action.
He looked up as Sebastian entered, he was even more handsome in person, he stood and smiled
He blinked again and a small smile spread across his face.
“Can we get earthquakes here?” Sally asked as the doors closed
“You are in no position to argue Gregory.” Sebastian said as he and his men left.
“Well, it will be quiet at crimes scenes for a while anyway.” Sally gave a small smile. She may have called Sherlock a freak now and again, but in all honesty, he was a huge help. She just wished he wasn’t so arrogant about it.
Anthea had a good yelling match with the prison Governor about double checking the files of every prisoner, and also letting him know a team would be there for an inspection and review.
The other four just looked at him.
Irene figured she was most surprised by Willa’s reaction. Perhaps Eurus was looking for an ally in her campaign against Sherlock and Mycroft. She didn’t find it. Instead Sherlock and Mycroft gained an ally. Yes Willa was mad at Mycroft and their Uncle Rudy for keeping her from her family growing up. But she understood where they were coming from in regards to Sherlock’s mental health. Willa instead was mad a Eurus, after all it was her big sister that nearly killed her.
Mycroft nodded.
Sherlock wiped his eyes and stood. He rounded the bed and carefully climbed up wrapping his arms around John and resting his head on John’s shoulder. John’s head moved and rested on Sherlock’s.
“Sherlock” A voice asked coughing. It was Willa.
Molly stood in front of the body on the table. This poor soul had met his end in an unknown way. Save for a few scrapes and bruises the man had no outward signs of cause of death.
“So I talked to the contractor” Mycroft said as he slowly made his way over, he was not fully comfortable on the crutches he needed to use as he awaited the process for getting his prosthetic leg. “They said the rest of the building is perfectly stable, so they can start the rebuilding process as soon as we give them the go ahead.”
“One minute Sherlock” Eurus said
“Hi” Greg replied as he shut the shed door.
"Ok, that's it then. I'm off." Brody said giving the place a once-over. No one else was there but for how long. "You need anything just call. I'll see you on Monday for the first fitting."
“You have a nice gash over your eye doctor Watson”
Greg responded by leaning down and kissing Mycroft as hard as he could.
Sherlock gave a smile “It’s easy with a talented student such as yourself.”
“I saw what’s been all over the telly and couldn’t think of anywhere to come but here.” Lestrade said as the four joined him and all five headed inside.
Mycroft gently eased himself in to the chair. The nurse had been kind enough to help him over. Mycroft just wanted to be close to Greg. The Ventilator had been removed all that was left was for Greg to wake up.
wish fan fiction paid the bills lol.
Mycroft mentioned drugs; he asked Sherlock if there was a list. John scoffed at the idea, Sherlock was just in his mind palace, and he did it all the time. The Sherlock handed Mycroft the piece of paper.
=-=-=-=-=
“Mike?” He cautiously asked.
“I want to for once not hear their names” Greg said voice raising “I know they have a network out there, I asked to help bring it down. We were denied,,, wait or were you?” Greg said looking at Mycroft’s desk and the paper work “You are working it, you lied, again! Why are you always lying, keeping things from me?”
The little one pulled away from his mother and took off towards the pond. The woman went to follow but fell.
John just nodded
Willa closed her eyes tighter as Henry’s screams echoed though the holding cells.
“Well in that case, I say we stop at Baskin Robbins on the way home and get some ice cream. We can pick up some Rum Raisin for Mrs. Hudson to have with her medicinal brownies” Sherlock smiled as they started to head home
One took over holding Will's neck wound; Lestrade went to stand only to have Willa weakly grab his hand.
John entered with Rosie. Her frilly pale pink lace dress was covered up by a rather large bib. She had started teething and could build up a lot of, well drool, as Sherlock put it. So bibs and teething rings were important.
.” John said wiping his eyes and looking up at Sherlock.
John nodded as tears began to form in his eyes.
"Marisol Sweetie, You're ok, it's going to be ok," Willa said holding her friend's hand.
“Too, too bad we can’t have the whole gang back together. Place where it all started.” Mike spoke his voice was shaky and steady, like he was reading his lines. “But the gang is fracture what with Lestrade off gallivanting with his love and Donovan six feet underground. Sorry to get the cases backwards, I had some setting up to do for these ones, the Banker was easy.”
Sherlock stood from his own chair and moved the tea service to his chair and sat on the ottoman holding John’s hand.
Sebastian looked out the window, there were driving up Goswell Road heading towards St. Bartholomew’s Hospital.
“Sounds good, how long will it take?” Sherlock asked
That explains the headache John thought.
“You have a room to yourself?” Mycroft asked
menu is from
“That’s good. He’s getting all his colour back too.” Aston remarked.
“Oh you would have missed us. Rosie and I didn’t come with John last week and the week before we came up went and did a bit of shopping.” Sherlock said as he watched down the path. A familiar figure was slowly making its way towards them. John seemed off. Sherlock stood. And headed towards him “John”
Greg sighed as he moved away from Mycroft and sat. He moved his legs over the edge of the bed and sat looking out the window. It was raining again. Nothing new lately, the weather the last few weeks had been horrid rain and storms.
She stopped taken aback.
Brodie turned and left the morgue heading back to the lab.
Mrs. Hudson nodded and headed into the bedroom. Rosie fussed but was soon soothed by Mrs. Hudson rocking her as she walked.
Molly looked down at her chest, she seemed to get off easy. Her operation was relatively quick compared to the other, a plate on her sternum to help it heal, the saw hit the bone and stopped but it cracked the bone straight though from top to bottom. Stitches closed up the wound. Her legs had some burns on them but they weren’t too bad and there were no grafts needed.
“Since I was a teenager I have never let anyone get too close. For reasons I,” Mycroft closed his eyes, a tear had formed in the corner of one “For reason I do not wish to discuss at this time. As I got older it was just easier to not get close, especially in this line of work. I didn’t always work behind a desk you know. I was a field agent for some time, a damn good one too, because I didn’t let my emotions rule me. I lost a lot of fellow operatives and bosses, but by not allowing myself to have the sadness or anger take over I was able to work when others couldn’t. It was my best quality and led me to where I am today. I can negotiate with anyone as I have no tells and my emotions do not cloud my judgement. I save lives and a protect countries. And If I let my heart take over for my head”
“I have a very good memory” Sherlock smiled
“I will never leave you again.” Sherlock said kissing the top of John’s head.
“Good I’ll get Fantastic engraved on yours” Sherlock said as Rosie stretched in her baby carrier.
“Papa!” She happily exclaimed as he picked her up. She pointed to the kitchen “Food”
John nodded and turned his focus back to the little one in his hands.
"I don't want to be alone." She whispered.
“I can explain everything Greg, but not here.” Mycroft said approaching Greg.
“Would you rather I do this?” Eurus asked.
"You don't have to.." Riley started
John was placed with the bones of an old friend of Sherlock’s, Elijah was in a precarious situation over the nearby bluff, and Willa, Eurus turned to see the woman tied up on the chair, Willa was in quite the danger herself.
"Sherlock?" Willa cautiously asked
Sebastian smiled and introduced himself. He was escorted to a waiting limo and taken to the Burj Al Arab hotel, also known as the sailboat, and up to the 25
After their meals, John and Riley headed over to the recreation building.
Mycroft looked down at his desk, he got quiet.
The gunfire that erupted was shocking and near deafening.
“Perhaps” Sherlock smiled as Judy got up and headed off the little one squirming the entire way out of the park.
=-=-=-
“Wait you said John was mine” Victor said stepping forward and grabbing Eurus by the arm.
Royal Warwickshire Fusiliers.
Mycroft told Greg that he would get Sherlock sorted then they would sit and talk. Greg got off work that day and went for a pint, the TV screens everywhere showed Moriarty and played that message, Miss Me? He almost lost Mycroft and Mycroft almost lost him. In the back of his mind Greg couldn’t help but think did Mycroft propose because he was ready to or because he thought he was going to lose Greg?
"I'm not a mind reader I just simply observe," Sherlock said sliding into the bed next to the man. His body was nice, very fit, Sherlock wrapped his arm around him. He stopped. "This really is a ride back. You were stranded and desperate."
Mrs. Hudson pulled Rosie close and rocked her, the little one just kept fussing. Mrs. Hudson tried to quietly hum.
“Oh ok” Brodie said as he started to wheel away “I just thought... never mind”
“So what is the cause of death for this poor soul” Brodie asked as he looked at the body in front of Molly.
“Greg said they would have let us do the same if we hadn’t already announced our engagement.” John smiled as he started swaying to the slow song the band was playing for Brodie and Molly who invited Mycroft and Greg to dance alongside them.
She was dead. Beheaded in Karachi, years ago. Mycroft told him.
The medics started working on John as another started patching up Sherlock’s shoulder.
“No.” Greg replied taking Mycroft’s hand in his. “I want you to come to bed, I want you there when I fall asleep and when I wake, I want to feel you next to me to know that you are alright.”
Greg made a note to see if these were automated payments, from just looking one would say no, there was no set date for a payment, but that didn’t mean that the separate dates were not arranged in advance.
John sat back in his chair and opened his laptop. He checked his blog, no new traffic. He checked Sherlock’s website, no new traffic there either.
“And I think you should be open and honest with Sherlock, from what you’ve told me he’s really been opening up as a person, starting to show, feel and understand emotions. Your little sociopath is fading and a new Sherlock is emerging. I think if you were honest with him he would be there for you.” Diane smiled
“No pants” Sebastian grinned “Not so prim and proper under the layers”
“No, more relaxed.” Sherlock said with a smile “Dark cloud over the city is gone. Moriarty is dead, Moran is in jail permanently. That will of course leave way for the regular class of criminals to flourish, but we’ll be back in action soon as will Gavin”
“Save her Sherlock.” Willa read.
“James Moriarty” Greg answered looking down
“I have still have the strip of photos in a box somewhere” Greg laughed.
“Stay awake sir.” Anthea called as she moved a piece that allowed her to see out into the main office, or rather wat was left of it. “Sir you really need to stay awake."
“Time is ticking Sherlock” Eurus said as Victor just laughed.
“I was in an elevator that dropped, I was shot, I saw my partner die, I attended more funerals in a matter of weeks than most do in their entire lives. It’s too late for this protection shit” Greg said as Mycroft stood
From the bedroom came a faint tiny cry.
“I couldn’t sleep thought I would go over some files.” Greg said watching Mycroft, he seemed agitated and his hand shook as he tried to button his waistcoat “Myc? Are you alright?” Greg asked standing
“Take him to the pit. Leave him there to rot.” Eurus replied. “You should never assume yourself to be irreplaceable or important to me.”
On screen Molly went and retrieved her phone.
Mycroft took a deep breath and looked out the window.
“Ok, so how did the luminol get in there and tell Molly yes we will be glad to come. I know the perfect outfit for Rosie. That little knitted dress Mycroft’s secretary made is now the perfect size for her.” John said gathering the file as Sherlock went back to the microscope.
“This is fun, you’re like one of those blow up weighted punching balloons people buy for kids” Sebastian laughed as he pushed John again sending the shorter man swaying.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow as John led him to the bedroom.
He had met the Sargent when he was walking home from visiting a friend of Victor’s. They were in way over their heads with a case. It was so painfully obvious as they had missed all of the crucial clues. Sherlock had offered his option and had been arrested for the effort.
“Lestrade saved your life and you still can’t call him Greg.” John laughed.
“I see. Where is she now??”
Mrs. Hudson had sat holding Rosie in her arms, still wrapped in John’s shirt but now also his jumper, just trying to keep the little one warm.
The newspapers talked about what Sherlock left behind, a brother, parents, and friends. No one mentioned who Jimmy left behind.
“Your mother is dead, our dear Willa killed her” Eurus snapped. “Now shall we begin?”
Mary and Mycroft were still in the sitting area, Mycroft had stood and was getting ready to head out.
“Things are different now” Sherlock finally spoke. “There’s a different feel to city.”
“What? No let us know where Mike is.” Sherlock said with urgency.
“As she got older she became even more boring. She didn’t play. A small deformity of her spine made it hard for her to do much activity. Surgery at two corrected that, but then no numbers games or word games, just tea parties and dolls, and teaching the dumb dog tricks. The only thing we could do as a family was music. But even then I felt left out. Then Sherlock turned 5, I turned 4 and Willa turned three. Sherlock had so many friends at his party, all sitting around singing, Mycroft eyeing the cake, at all our birthdays he got just as big a slice as the birthday child. I had a small party, just family. I wanted a big party like Sherlock. Why was he allowed to go to school and have friends? I was smart enough for school. But no I went to child care playgroup. I wanted friends who were smart like me. I never had friends. They all had friends.”
“Went after that asshole former commander of ours too, Sholto. You were one of his favorites, you and Riley, you would do anything for him, and he would reward you handsomely” Sebastian smirked aiming his gun at John. “It was fun leading those Afghan forces against Sholto, didn’t get to kill him, was upset at first, then I watched him being roasted in the media, was even better then death.” Sebastian kicked Sherlock’s foot drawing a moan from the man “Ah he is alive”
Never were two people meant to be together more than them. Sure some could argue it was the same for Mycroft and Greg, but no. The bond between Sherlock and John transcended worldly explanation, it was fate.
“How long after Afghanistan did you start feeling better, and not suicidal? Sherlock cautiously asked.
Sherlock sipped his tea he was looking down at the floor.
Stay tuned for Battle for Sherrinford the final story in this trilogy.
“Baking with Mrs. Hudson.. Well probably more eating than baking but you get the idea.” John replied
St. Bart’s had lost some doctors and the entire reception area of the pathology building was gone. Molly teared up at the thought of never seeing Jessica Lane’s holiday decorations again. She always went all out Halloween, Christmas, Easter, even New Years; she had actually been starting to decorate for Chinese New Year when the blast happened.
=-=-=-
John looked as Sherlock’s mobile beeped. There were traces of heroin in the blood as well.
He would tell Sherlock the truth, he would tell him everything, he knew Sherlock’s past, the education, the drug use the abuse at the hands of his dealer, how he met Greg Lestrade, his relationship with Mycroft, his relationship with his parents. Sherlock knew nothing of John’s past before the war, well before he got shot in the war. He knew about Harry but he didn’t know anything else. Then again maybe he did, maybe he deduced it. No he would have told John. Sherlock liked fact checking his deductions with people.
“I, I need to go home Sherlock” John said quietly. He looked up as Judy stood and Elijah waved. “Oh you’re busy”
As they pulled up they saw a familiar BMW parked in front with its owner just heading inside.
“Oh if you solve it, you can use your phone to text me. It will only text me, all others are blocked. It’s a neat little phone I picked up, supposed to be so kids. Perhaps if she survives we can give it to Willa.” Eurus smirked.
“The dress, the frilly socks Mrs. Hudson bought her, and those little daisy shoes Molly bought her.” Sherlock smiled. “She will be adorable.”
“I don’t like how it came about but I am now and for eternity grateful to have you back in my life.” He smiled.
I have been sick and sitting and typing has been hard.
Irene, Elijah, Willa and two others had been moved here a few weeks ago. Eurus made everyone believe that Willa had had a breakdown and moved. The others, Irene didn’t really know what their story was. She had never seen them before. One a younger man in his mid-30’s, the other an older man in his late 40’s or early 50’s. Irene never heard their names and hadn’t seen them since they had been brought here, and she certainly didn’t know how they tied into Sherlock and Mycroft’s lives. Then again maybe they were a part of John or Greg’s. Eurus seemed to be going after everyone associated with her brothers.
“Oh” was all Sherlock could manage.
“Gregory!” Mycroft called from the hall.
Upon landing at the private airstrip Willa gave the two men hugs and led them to their waiting car as Sherlock made a beeline it to their own car. Willa apologized for her bother as being tired and sent the doctors on their way with a few photos to remember her by before getting in the car with a shivering Sherlock.
“Of course Sherlock. You and John go what needs to be done to solve your case” Mrs. Hudson said settling in on John’s chair with her knitting.
=-=-=-=-=-=
“It was thought that you should be protected.” Mycroft spoke up
“But’ Sherlock tried to interject
Willa grabbed Marisol to force her to the ground as pain tore through her leg. Willa managed to shove roll her and her bestie into the small gap in the middle of the runway shielding them from the rest of the gunfire.
Mycroft smiled “You are not a goldfish my love. You’re a lion, fiercely brave and courageous”
Anthea screamed as the bones shifted back into their proper place. She slid down and sat back against the wall next to Mycroft. She carefully moved her shoulder testing it to see if it would stay in place.
Sherrinford was no fun at first. She spent all her time in her cell reading and playing her violin. Until just after her 25
So he was in a hospital. He body had the familiar numb feeling of being on a morphine drip for pain. Really morphine after he almost overdosed, the doctors were taking chances. Then again all he remembered was a blast and bits of conversation here and there. Perhaps not being able to feel was a good thing.
Mycroft reached over and gave Greg’s hand a small squeeze as Sherlock approached the podium for the start of the speeches.
The door behind them started to creak open. Greg quickly laid beside Mycroft, had still under covers which Mycroft had pulled up over them as Tabitha came in with Winslow the butler each carrying large serving trays.
There was a helicopter too, noises in the front room and a man in all black tactical gear standing over him.
Molly held her breath and starred at the cleaning, unblinking as the men entered the morgue.
He stood and headed over, he bent and picked it up, swaying as he stood, he was getting a little more lightheaded than he had been, perhaps the knock to his head was harder than he initial thought.
“I try to be open I try to be truthful honest.” John said “but there’s so much more than Mary and the explosions. I’m afraid if I open my mouth and start talking, everything that comes out will make you not want to stay.”
“I can’t say much but I know there was a planned attack on Parliament” John said “Rest is still very hush hush.”
“We filmed that earlier.” The Karen before him spoke. But her voice was different, it was the voice over the intercom. She reached up and removed the wig, undid the bindings and wiped off the makeup. “Hello Dr. Watson. I’m Eurus Holmes”
“Yet she didn’t know about Moriarty and Moran?” John asked. Mycroft looked down. “She did didn’t she?”
“Sherlock what’s wrong?” John asked placing his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
John sighed and sat; as he did he caught his reflection in the tube windows. He really was wasting away. Face thinner than ever, the bones in his hands and arms more visible, he knew under his clothing was a thin body, not a healthy thin, a body of a man who maybe eat one small meal a day.
“Willa!” Sherlock exclaimed.
M’fhíorghrá (MEER-ggrah) My true love, Mo shíorghrá (muh HEER-ggrah) My eternal love
John stared at his hands as he poured his heart out to the woman in front of him, Diane. It was the first time he had been able to fully open up to anyone in the four months that had passed since he and the others had come under attack. And this was still jus the top of the pile, there was so much more, stuff he hadn’t thought about in years. His father, his childhood, the war, and his first real love Captain Riley Sutter, a fellow doctor in the British Army, the 3
look a sequel!!!
Anthea blinked at the assault of the light on her eyes. There was something heavy on her, solid, she carefully looked down to see the body of Agent Keinfeld, he was pinned to her by the chair that had also succeeded in crushing the poor guy’s head between it and floor.
They would go and stay with Margaret’s mother, the woman who had also taken Greg’s side when Margaret acted up. He didn’t know why though. She was Margaret’s mother shouldn’t she stick up for her child.
“Gregory it is your turn”
“Tell who?” Mycroft asked
"We'll be home soon Sherlock," Willa said holding his hand. "Maybe I should stay in tonight?"
“But if she was 9 when you found out Sherlock would have been 11 surely old enough to be told and to deal with the fall out.” Greg asked. He was slightly in shock about the whole thing.
=-=-=-=
“I will look into it sir.” Anthea replied. “Perhaps when he has calmed, give him a few days, you should tell him everything, that isn’t classified that is.”
She took her hand in his and gently shook his shoulder.
John just nodded.
“There is a pink reclining chair with foot rest over by my brother, I want that moved here by John’s bed and I wish to be moved to recline in it as it is the same are reclining in this bed” Sherlock demanded.
“Oh lovely!” Judy smiled as Elijah offered Rosie a berry.
“And you won’t” Daddy said as Anthea returned with the water. “When he wakes, you can sort everything out and make it better.”
Sherlock tried to talk again only to find his head being jerked backwards.
“Moran, going, hurt, Myc” Greg said as he struggled to stay awake.
“Oh I don’t want one like that.” Eurus said removing something from under her bed. “I want one of her wearing this” She said producing a small knitted dress. “I asked for a knitting book and yarn, and I made this in an hour. A gift for dear little Rosie”
“Helicopter?” Moran spoke up.
“In a position like mine caring is not an advantage. Emotions have no place in politics” Mycroft stated
The group was roughly the same size as it had been the day John joined. A few had left. Karen remained. She didn’t talk much still but she looked to be getting better.
The perfect wedding verse if I do say so myself. So Greg and Mycroft if you could please take to the dance floor”
“Did you miss me?” Victor laughed
Greg had jumped up to try and brace himself by holding the grated top of the elevator, he jumped just as it jerked to a stop, legs already in the air he tucked in tight as he hit the floor of the elevator, the air was knocked clean from his lungs, and the first few moments were spent painfully trying to breathe. After that it was assessing the rest of his body, his hip hurt but he could move it, a bit, and stand on it, not his full weight but enough to move around, his side was sore, and he had a wicked head ache. Sally was on the ground beside him. Both her legs were misshapen and bloody, and she had a large lump on the side of her head. Greg had removed his coat and laid it over her.
Westminster Abbey came into view. Jim and Sebastian had talked about marriage once, joked that they were going to do the whole giant royal wedding thing. They’d joke about who would have the double cathedral length veil and gown. But of course, Jim would be in one of his impeccably tailored suits. Every suit Jim owned was a bespoke suit, carefully tailored for every inch of him.
“He’s on a ventilator” Mycroft said looking over his father’s shoulder.
“Eurus was born almost a year to the day after Sherlock. We celebrated his 1
“He will heal, there is some swelling in his head, but no damage to his brain beyond a concussion, they’ve done some scans and he will heal, may have lingering headaches but no other lasting effects.” Mummy replied as Sherlock tried to sit. “No sitting yet and they are keeping John asleep the swelling is almost gone, when it is they will let him wake up. It’s going to be very hard for him; there is a lot for him to deal with.”
"I'm here." A voice said from somewhere in the stands. "I just can't stand right now. Hit my head I'm a little dizzy."
Mycroft hadn’t said much since the cavalry arrived. He was weaker than he would care to admit. The blood loss was starting to get to him as was the bump on his head.
“It’s the Obliquity of the ecliptic” Sherlock said turning a few pages.
“Hence the large trucks, one would assume that the vibrations were from them. Many facilities have defenses that would prevent anyone getting close with any other form of explosive. Very few places have security measured that extend below the ground, which reminds me when we get through this I will set up subterranean security measures.” Mycroft closed his eyes.
Irene was at her desk looking over papers. She glanced up as Jim entered.
"Lay still," Lestrade instructed as paramedics knelt beside them.
sorry for the over a week wait. Hopefully I can post the next few chapters closer together.
“I’ve been this way for so long” I don’t know any other way to be” He finally spoke.
Eurus nodded
“Please sit with me” Mycroft said gesturing to the other chair “please let us talk”
Sherlock stood in the open field between the house and the bluff, he held Elijah close. The young boy gripped onto Sherlock tightly. He had been startled and cared of Sherlock when he first saw him. Sherlock couldn’t blame the poor child. What he must look like.
Greg hoped she was ok, heaven forbid anyone hurt a friend of Mycroft.
John fumed as Sebastian looked at Sherlock and Mary on the floor.
“I will” Anthea replied studying the glass in her other arm. “I can take this glass out if I can bandage it that would give me a more working hand.”
“No, I’m not leaving you Sherlock, You forget I did lose you, and almost lost you two other times. We’re in this together, We’re the detective and the blogger, Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson.” John said pulling Sherlock in close. “I know this new emotional side of you is all flooding out, but let’s not be rash. We are in this together. I’m staying”
“I have the cipher in my mind palace I just need to retrieve it.” Sherlock said as he paused and seemed to stare out into space. “It’s not using the places as before. It’s slightly altered.”
The captain came on the intercom and announced for the flight attendants to get ready for landing.
She gave him the ice pack she created with a resealable plastic baggie that she then wrapped in a bar towel, and knelt with the belt she stopped to take from Agent Keinfeld. She gently slid it under his leg just below his knee, looping it around she pulled it tight.
John kissed his forehead as he laid down beside him. Rosie yawned. Sherlock started to hum her song. John closed his eyes and was soon asleep.
“Willa’s friend childhood friend Leon is a lawyer in family court, he saw you case, mentioned it to me when he came to visit her yesterday,” Sherlock said revealing his source. “You ex is pushing hard. I hope when she loses that she is able to leave you and your children alone.”
=-=-=-=-=
“Mycroft made sure he got convicted, he still has another 10 years on his sentence.” Sherlock said his voice low and shaking.
Greg sighed and leaned on the wall, he could hear Mycroft talking, Hindi if Greg wasn’t mistaken, he had heard Myc speak it before while ordering at a small Indian restaurant they had went to on a date.
“I didn’t think you wanted it so public” John replied
“Mary NO!” John said as he tried to hurry over.
John nodded as he looked down at Rosie who was sleeping comfortably in her baby sling head resting on John’s chest.
Mummy and daddy helped him up careful not to jostle him, Sherlock, or their IVs.
“Mrs. Hudson, How?” John
John had to fight the urge to vomit, this poor frail woman already weakened from battling and surviving ovarian cancer, lost her family in an explosion that was meant for John and Sherlock. John didn’t know how to respond. Instead he stood and walked to where Diane had set up some tea, coffee, water and a few treats. John grabbed a bottle of water and fumbled to open it, his had shook, he’d been able to control it since the hospital, but now it just trembled.
Sherlock poured more water over John’s head riding his hair of the rest of the suds.
“I know they thought I was you. They kidnapped me and Sarah and you heroically saved us after putting us in mortal danger to begin with.” John said with a half-smile.
“What are you not telling us Myc?” Greg asked as he let go of Mycroft’s hand.
“You would have been one when she was born” John spoke up. “Sisters that can grow together.”
“You are gorgeous, glowing in the aura of childbirth” John replied with a cheeky smile
“Say something!” Mycroft nearly yelled.
The bold rich colors were so welcoming though. The dining table a dark rich wood surrounded by bright pink, red, orange and yellow chairs with an overlay harlequin pattern. The table was covered in all sorts of food.
“Oh I am so sorry” the woman replied gently taking Sherlock’s hand. “I lost Elijah’s father last year.”
“You never formally asked me you know.” Sherlock pouted
=-=-=
“How are you Molly dear?”
The people Mycroft spoke to were calling it a professional break down. Willa had caved under all the pressure she was under from her career and her personal life. It was not unheard of in musicians but rare in someone still as young as Willa.
“Sherlock’s not normal” Eurus replied “None of the Holmes’s are normal. You’re going to be a Holmes and you are not normal. The Doctor injured and sent home from war, the man who missed the action and the danger. You’re a thrill seeker. Forged by your upbringing, it forced you into needing that adrenaline.”
Sherlock pulled him close and held him as the sobs rocked his body. It was a hard cry, a violent cry. John buried his face deep into Sherlock’s chest. After a few minutes he moved his head so that his ear rested on Sherlock’s chest so he could hear his heartbeat. He took a deep breath.
“Good Moring. Breakfast in bed just like you asked for Mr. Holmes” Tabitha smiled as they set the trays on the small table between the chairs at the window. “Oh sorry, did you forget” She smiled knowingly. “I’ll just leave that here. Remember your car is at nine”
Greg like the rain, he found it peaceful, calming. Well as peaceful and calm as one could get in the bustling city. But in the country side, sitting on a porch with the rain, some good music and a lager, that was heaven.
Sherlocked looked to see Eurus standing by the well, she held john tight against her, gun aimed at his head.
“Ok Molly said as she watched the firemen were standing at her feet looking down. “What are they doing?”
The door to their room opened and Karen entered.
floor.
John stepped closer to Riley, he wanted to be close, but he knew that while the commanding officers really didn’t care what their soldiers got up to in their personal lives, they had to respect the locals and that meant same-sex couples couldn’t show affection in public.
=-=-=-=-=-
“Simple.” Eurus replied “It’s Greg, John and Willa’s turn to play.”
Sebastian stayed in Greece; barely leaving his room, then after a year another paper arrived:
Rosie giggled and booped his nose with her hand.
“Well I’d say Sherlock was he was the fixed wobbling sun and Moriarty is the Earth, after all he did tell us he was Sooo changeable” John said mimicking the criminal mastermind from the incident at the pool.
John smiled as he headed upstairs, it was Sherlock playing. It was a melody he had composed the first moment his neck brace had come off and he was able to play again. He called it Tàladh an Ròs, Scottish Gaelic for Lullaby of the Rose. It was a beautiful melody he would play to get Rosie to go down for her nap or to get her to sleep at night. Sherlock said it had undertones of Scottish folk songs hence giving it a Scottish title.
He stared up at the ceiling, perhaps he hadn’t failed, just because the paramedics arrived didn’t mean that John and Sherlock had survived. How long had he been out? They could already have been long dead and buried, the child shipped off to relatives, Sebastian honestly didn’t see Mycroft raising a child.
Molly went and sat back in her bed.
The landlady turned and headed to the plane. As the boarded, Rosie turned and realized that Sherlock and John had not moved from beside the car. Tears welled and soon she was bawling.
Sherlock looked up to see Judy and Elijah coming up the path. Elijah happily sitting in a stroller eating some raspberries.
“You are not old but you were in an elevator that fell several stories” Mycroft said. Greg just nodded.
"I'm fine it's Willa, she was initially hit in the leg and the last shot hit her neck," Marisol replied.
John nodded again. He had not had enough sleep to deal with this. Sholto and Major D’Helley positioned themselves between the men. D’Helley was barking orders for each man to report to the Lieutenant Colonel’s office, they would be accompanied by military police. If the Lieutenant Colonel were not happy with their answers, the Colonel would decide their fate.
“Thank you” Molly smiled “New lab coat no blood or bodily fluids on it yet”
Molly no longer lived in that shabby, tiny apartment with too many half-finished crochet projects. Instead, Molly lived on the fourth floor of a downtown apartment building by Scalzi Park. It was an ideal location—she could bike to work, and he wouldn’t put it past her to do just that. A variety of bakeries, restaurants, and boutiques dotted the neighborhoods, as well as familiar chains he used to frequent a lifetime ago. He passed an IHOP and a Dairy Queen on the way, and his mouth watered at the idea of stopping and biting into one of their offerings. Eventually.
It’s always cold, but he hardly notices anymore. More pressing is the need for morphine, as one side of his face bulges with the tumor. A medulloblastoma that obscures the vision in his right eye and makes his head appear misshapen. His mother covered the mirror over the fireplace and the bathroom.
“No, no, no,” John’s saying. “That won’t work. I won’t do it.” At least, it sounds like that’s what he’s saying.
She sits in the corner of the room and faces the bed.
John’s heart pounded in his chest.
“You always look good. How do you do it?” John blurted, barring the tide of feeling that threatened to flood him.
John would have liked to grab her arm and make her stay if he could have. Instead, she slipped away. It was like watching a lifeboat tossed from where he tread water, his muscles tiring as the waves carried off his chance for rescue.
“Listen, I’m sure Mike told you about my ex-wife,” he said, rubbing at the back of his neck. “It’s far behind me, and I don’t let it interfere with my work. If you hire me for the position, I will excel. I will make sure these men and women get the care they deserve.”
John gave a shrug of his shoulders and returned to the puzzle, pressing one piece of a sloth leg to another.
Prompt: Hot cocoa with marshmallows in the park
John stares down at the gold band in the box, at a loss for words. All he can do is nod before he turns around and kisses his new fiancé.
“Go back to sleep, John,” Sherlock said as he brought John’s knuckles up to his lips, planting a soft kiss on them.
John kicked at the snow.  Of course Harry had abandoned him, again.  The only reason she took him to the park was because it’s where her friends hung out.  It wasn’t fair.  John sniffled and rubbed at his nose, refusing to let the tears stinging his eyes fall.  He couldn’t help that he wasn’t quite ten yet.  He would be in March, but that was another, he counted silently, three almost four whole months away.  Stupid Harry!  Fine!  He didn’t need her anyways.  John rummaged through his pockets and found the wad of crumpled bills he’d saved.  He’d take himself skating if she wouldn’t.  John held his head high and headed to the lake where there was a man who rented skates.
“I think it’s croup,” John says, surprised at the shake in his voice. “Her cough is getting worse and her temperature is on the rise.”
John sighed as he folded the paper and set it it down on the table next to his chair.  This was the “third” emergency this week. The first had been a spoiled experiment that had managed to stick Sherlock’s hands together, the second had been Sherlock running out of hair product.
John is woken up by a harsh sound coming from the monitor. Diana has been sleeping through the night for a while now but they keep the monitor in her room as a precaution, just in case John says. He worries about her having nightmares like her Daddy and Sherlock doesn’t say a word about it. John loves him all the more for indulging him when it would be very easy to say they don’t need it anymore. This night is about to prove just why John is right to keep the monitor there.
Rain sifts through the trees, soft and silver in the moonlight.  Each droplet that falls cascades in mercurial rivulets down Sherlock’s bare skin. John no longer questions the logistics of their trysts, he and his otherworldly lover. All that matters is the heat of their skin together, steam rising between them in the cool night air.  His mouth on Sherlock’s; their tongues tasting, seeking, claiming one another.  John’s fingers in Sherlock’s hair, his name on Sherlock’s lips, decadent and heady sensations.
There was a crunching of boots on snow as John came up behind him, and voiced Sherlock’s thoughts out loud.  “Shame to ruin something so pristine, but we’re both freezing.”  He blew on his hands.
“Oh do I?” John asked impishly.
John heaves a sigh. He knows Sherlock will change Diana’s nappy if he sticks to his guns but sometimes it’s just easier to cave. Pick your battles and what not.
(See the end of the chapter for
John and Sherlock exchanged looks.  “Hamish,” Sherlock said as he knelt before their son, “What did you mean?  When you said you wanted me to believe in Santa again?”
Sherlock knows where every piece of furniture is in the flat, he knows where the rug is worn, and he knows what it feels like to dance alone in this room.  So when he’s dancing and something changes, his brow knits, furrowed a bit and he cocks his head.  Something is off.  He shakes his head, willing the difference to dissipate.  But he doesn’t know what that difference is.  He continues to waltz through the music, trying to find it.  He looks down at John in his mind and John is smiling at him.  It’s not one he’s seen mind-John smile at him before.  But it’s one John has used on him many times.  It’s John’s you-idiot-when-it-comes-to-me smile.  There’s a low chuckle under the hand around John’s waist and Sherlock’s eyes shoot open, a sudden jerk out of his imaginary dance.  There in his arms, dancing with him awkwardly, is John Watson.  Sherlock drops his arms and stumbles back in an apology, arms up in defense, trying to pull his masks back on.  John stares at him confused, his arms still in an open position.
“Inside--pocket,” Sherlock gasped. John reached in the coat pocket and pulled out an epi-pen. He did a double take as he recognized the look of anaphylaxis. John jammed the pin into Sherlock’s leg before asking what the allergen was.
Sherlock stared at the abysmal failure in front of him in shock, ignoring the smoking oven behind him.  Thank God John was conveniently out of the flat today.  There was flour everywhere, eggshells on the counter, and a raw egg congealed on the floor where Sherlock had left it.  What was most concerning right now was the sloppy mess in the round cake pan in front of him.
John lets himself into 221 Baker Street, grateful that Sherlock never asked for his key back.  He sighs and drags his duffle bag in, trying not to bang his backpack against the narrow door frame.  The last thing he wants to do is announce his presence to Sherlock before John is ready to face him.  It has taken him longer than it should have to leave Mary.  He’s tried to be the good husband and doting father.  Lord knows he loves his little girl.  But he also has to do what’s best for everyone.  He has never been able to fully trust Mary again and his little Diana is starting to suffer from their constant fights.  Who knew a one year-old could be so perceptive?  John has pulled a few strings, begging Mycroft to make sure Mary didn’t take the child and run, letting Mycroft know the reasons why he was suspicious and where he would be.  221B has never been baby proofed so he couldn’t bring Diana with him yet.  He didn’t think Mary would take his daughter from him, but then, as he has reminded himself quite frequently of late, he doesn’t really know who Mary was, as hard as he’s tried.
They stood staring at the scarlet, heart-shaped tub that dominated the sleeping area.
“You wouldn’t know where to find me if I wasn’t,” John said as he stared out over the ice.
That’s why he sighed when he stood at the edge of the old oak forest, looking at the new fallen snow, glowing in the light of the half moon.  It’s iridescence could be mistaken for magical.  Allowing himself a moment of whimsy, Sherlock could imagine Jack Frost working his way across the snow, painting pictures in ice.  Sherlock didn’t want to be the one to mar the beauty of nature by tramping through the snow, but there was no other choice.  Their car had broken down.
John removed his jumper and undershirt, his chest bare in the low light of the flat.  Sherlock inhaled sharply at the sight  John then stepped back into Sherlock’s face, framing it with his hands, and lowered Sherlock’s lips to his.  John deepened the kiss as he allowed his hands to glide down and under the silky fabric, sliding it off of Sherlock’s arms, and it made a decadent pool of fabric on the floor.
John and Sherlock had come to the shore to get away the haunting memories of London, but instead they argued. John had stormed out needing space.  He sat on the beach, enjoying the peaceful respite it offered.  He watched the sun slowly sink into the sea, remembering his younger days.
“How’s her breathing?” Sherlock asks, laying a hand on John’s shoulder and bending to kiss Diana’s head.
The disagreement being that Sherlock couldn’t just lash out and tell a person something that would obviously cause them great distress in front of someone they cared about.  “You can’t tell her, he’s cheating on her!”  or “You can’t just throw it into conversation that he’s gay in front of his family that DOESN’T know!” or some variation of some secrets need to be kept just that, secrets.  He just threw those observations out like casual conversation or as a means to throw a person or suspect off guard.  John tried to get Sherlock to at least pull someone to the side and have a private conversation with them about his deductions, but Sherlock couldn’t seem to help himself.  Sherlock argued that if John expected him to do that, then John was asking him to change, not be himself.  That John was breaking their oldest of promises.
But some days, something would happen and the anger would boil over to the fury that had been so often present in the months after Sherlock returned and while John was still with Mary. Today was one of those days.
John stood pulling Sherlock up by the hand he still held.  Sherlock slipped and fell forwards bumping John’s nose with his.   Sherlock’s cheeks tinged a bright pink.  “S-sorry,” he muttered.  John pushed Sherlock up right and giggled, “Don’t worry about it.  You’re still getting your legs under you.  Here,” John turned so his back was to Sherlock, “Hold onto my waist and just let me pull you.”  Sherlock placed his hands on John’s waist and nodded.  John skated them over to the side where they could take off their skates and put their shoes back on.
The first time he’d seen Sherlock in the deep plum colored shirt, John’s mouth had watered.  It was tight, almost too tight, the buttons straining as the fabric pulled across Sherlock’s chest.  The color was deep, luxurious, a perfect accent to Sherlock’s pale skin and eyes.  A decadently wrapped present.  One John had wished he could unwrap.
“Why should it bother me what they want to do?”  John shrugged,  “If it makes them happy and no one’s getting hurt, how does that affect me?”  He took a swig from his beer, “There are lots worse things people do behind closed doors, Sherlock.”  John stared off into the distance somewhere, his voice suddenly somber.  Sherlock decided against telling John he knew what happened behind the closed doors of John’s childhood home.
He slips from the bed, not wanting to wake Sherlock. He’s a doctor he can handle this. He makes his way up the stairs and opens the door to the nursery, flipping on the light. Diana is sitting up in her crib, eyes red from crying, her breathing audible even from where he’s standing. “Daddy,” she says her voice hoarse.
“It’s just pasta and a jar of sauce. I can finish dinner. It is your turn after all,” Sherlock pouts.
Sherlock shrugged.  “You always end up here.  Cocoa in the autumn and winter.  Lemonade in the spring and summer.  You’re very predictable.”
John chuckles quietly as he walks over to the two of them. “You started this you know. You have nothing to complain about,” he whispers.
He felt a firm touch on his hand, bringing him back to the party and reality.  He opened his eyes ready to rebuke the person who’d touched him but stopped, his mouth hanging open.  Instead of an annoying, giggling girl, there stood a young blonde man with intense deep blue eyes who appeared to be a few years older than Sherlock, with a look of concern on his face.
John silently berates himself as he comforts Diana through another coughing fit in the meantime. A steamy bathroom should have been the first thing he’d done. Instead he’d sat here and let her croup get progressively worse. He carries her downstairs and into the bathroom where he and Sherlock sit and comfort her as best they can. Ten minutes later Sherlock herds them into the living room where he wraps Diana and John in a blanket and he opens a window letting in the cold December air. Diana gasps at the shock of it.
“I’m not going anywhere.  So don’t worry.” John placed his free hand on Sherlock’s knee and squeezed.  “Don’t try and deny it.  I know you do, every time we have that argument and I end up here.”
For atomic-buttfuck on tumblr. Their prompt was Mint.
Sherlock nods, “Our Christmases have always been eventful, why would this one be any different?” he says with a chuckle. “At least we didn’t have to make a trip to the A&E with her.”
Sherlock turns one of his hands over, revealing a small box. “Well, yes, if you’ll have me. I had planned on having Diana give it to you from me in the morning, but she needs her rest.”
“Oi!” John yelped and dropped on his back to wipe the drops out of his eyes.  Sherlock took that opportunity to roll over on top of him and plant a very firm kiss on John’s lips.
Santa looked up and glared at Sherlock before responding. “Of course they can be for both, little man!  What a delightful compromise.  Such a smart boy.”  Hamish’s laugh of delight softened Sherlock’s face and his real smile fell into place.  Perhaps this wasn’t such a bad idea after all.
Sherlock brought their joined fingers up to his lips, and gave John’s a tender kiss.  “I promise.”
“I conduct “class” just fine, thank you very much, you just never were a proper student.  If I recall correctly you’d rather, and in this order: tell me what everyone else is doing wrong, tell me what I’m doing wrong, fall on top of me, and then snog me senseless,” John grinned at Sherlock.
“Of course,” Sherlock replied.  “Now get your mind out of the bedroom and help me finish this experiment before I start on you.”
Click the link for the song as sung by Nancy Wilson.
“I’m definitely a less idiot,” John smirked up at him, “Care for some proof?”
John yanked on the door, but found it locked. “How the hell am I supposed to give you your coat if the door is locked?” he said, exasperated, but the answer he received was just a soft thud. Concern spike through John. He pushed against it hard with his shoulder. He managed to force it open and found a barely conscious Sherlock.
Sherlock stared at the older boy trying to figure him out.  Sherlock was pretty sure he’d given off a “leave me alone” air and yet here John was sitting on the uncomfortably frozen lake with him as if Sherlock had invited him to tea.  “Sherlock,” he said as he took John’s hand.
“You don’t seem to be enjoying yourself.  Everything okay?”  His voice was tender, but strangely endearing to Sherlock.
Sherlock searches those warm blue eyes and finds a deeper warmth and affection than he’s seen reflected back at him before.  Sherlock inhales sharply at the revelation.  John grins up at him, his eyes crinkling.  “Find what you’re looking for?”
“Oh, God, yes!” Sherlock exclaimed as he leaned down and was proven just how less of an idiot the fascinating young man he’d met that night was.
Prompt: "The party was loud but his hand on mine brought me back"  I took a bit of a liberty and didn't write it in first person.
Sherlock shook his head.  “This,” he waved his drink free hand, “isn’t me.  I promised a friend I’d come, but he took off with the first girl who struck his fancy,” Sherlock said bitterly.
He climbs the steps quietly being careful to avoid the squeaky step. The door is open, as he expected, so he walks in as silently as he can and sets the bags down before turning to the couch to find one of his favorite scenes. Sherlock is prone; his arm wrapped protectively around a small form. Slumbering peacefully, drooling on one of Sherlock’s soft pyjama cotton t-shirts, is John’s -- their -- fair-haired daughter. John would never have guessed that Sherlock had it in him but Diana has Sherlock wrapped around her tiny finger.
Hamish was busy telling Santa all about blocks he knew Father had gotten him.  “And they have all the elements from the Periodic Table on them.”  He was very precocious for a four year old.  “Papa says they’re to build with, but Father says they’re for learning.  Can't they be for both?”  Hamish looked at Santa with hopeful eyes.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Well?” Sherlock asked, huskily.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Shall we open our gifts?”  John asked almost shyly.  Sherlock looked side-eyed at him.  John wasn’t shy.  What was this about?
“Roll over then, I get to be big spoon since you let all the warm air out on your side.” John said sleepily.  Sherlock rolled over and smiled as John folded himself around Sherlock.  It never ceased to astound Sherlock how a man as short as John could fit so perfectly against him, knees tucking in behind him just so, his torso flush against his back, strong tan arm draping over his chest and twining their fingers together, and John’s nose at the base of his neck, breath tickling just so in a comforting manner Sherlock had never imagined could be possible.
John shook his head, bringing him back to the present.  He ran his fingers through the sand, feeling the grains.  Funny thing, sand.  So fine, yet so infinite.  Perhaps, that’s why it was used as a metaphor for time.  Time and memories.  John raised his hand, watching the sand sift through his fingers, each grain disappearing as it joined the rest on the beach. The imagery wasn’t lost on him.  He stood up, brushing off the memories and sand, and headed back to make up for all lost time he and Sherlock had accumulated.
“Hello Sherlock,” John said quietly.
John was slow and deliberate.  A long suck, a slow lick, or a stroke of his hand as it followed his mouth’s path, his other hand holding Sherlock in place.  Sherlock’s orgasm built faster than either of them expected and John felt Sherlock go tense as he came, hot and fast on John’s tongue.
Great-Aunt Lucinda crinkled her nose when she saw John, “Not the one I gave you, but this one suits you much better.  I’m not
Sherlock took a final swing from his cup before throwing it away.  He shoved his hands in his coat, but leaned into John’s touch.  He sighed before he spoke,  “You’re right, John.  You know me so you know what it means for me to say this.  I am terrified that one day, I might do or say something so horrible you won’t be here.  And I’ll be standing alone with two cups and no one to share them with.”
Prompt of Snow Glow.  It's what happens at night when the moon hits the snow. The night is dark but because of the snow everything glows.
“Sherlock!” John called out.
Sherlock bumped his knee back, “You’re not alone, you know?  I stayed, miserable at a party, because honestly, it’s better than going home and waiting for the next shoe to drop.”
He and John sat on the front stoop and talked, losing track of time.  John wasn’t as much of an idiot as the rest of the partygoers, Sherlock decided.  He was in school to be a doctor, had actually recognized Sherlock didn’t want to be at the party, and had offered him a solution that allowed him to keep his promise to Greg.   And, best of all, didn’t think his deductions were odd.  In fact he used words like, “amazing” and “brilliant” as he told John about the husband and wife across the street who liked to wear each other’s clothes when they were alone in the house.   The fact that he didn’t consider that behavior odd piqued Sherlock’s interest and he commented on it.
“Yes, well, milk won’t help me with my problem,” Sherlock said self-consciously.
already figured out are under your tree,” Santa said merrily.  Hamish opted not to get on Santa’s lap, “I don’t know how many other children have sat and sneezed there, after all,” he replied.  John had to do his best to keep from rolling his eyes, but muttered aside to Sherlock, “He is your son after all.”  Sherlock smirked.
The early morning sunbeam streaked through the one crack in the curtains directly onto John’s eyes. He groaned and pulled the covers over his eyes.  He sighed as he settled back down into the warm darkness of the bed to try and go back to sleep.  He was almost asleep when he heard the door creak open.
Mrs. Hudson arrives home later that day to discover John’s bags still in the foyer and music drifting down the stairs.  Curiosity getting the best of her, she climbs the stairs to find her two boys swaying gently in place to the music; John’s head on Sherlock’s chest, Sherlock’s nose buried in John’s hair.  Both men’s eyes are closed, smiles on their faces.  She quietly retreats into her own flat, “It’s about time, those two,” she says to herself, clapping her hands quietly, a look of joy on her face.
About an hour later Sherlock walks in, running his fingers through his hair. “You weren’t in bed and I heard her even without the monitor,” he says looking at the two of them.
“Making sugar cookies.” The
“Joohn!” Sherlock shouted again.
“Ssssshhhh. Daddy’s here,” John whispers as she reaches for him. He picks her up kissing her forehead to gauge her temperature. It’s much warmer than he’s comfortable with. He carries her to the rocking chair, turning off the monitor, and grabbing the tympanic thermometer from her dresser as he goes. When he takes her temperature it reads 40C confirming his suspicions. She continues to have coughing fits and wheeze. Now that he can hear them without the background noise from the monitor he can hear just how bad they are. With each passing fit it gets worse and she begins to struggle to cry. John’s doctor brain knows it’s just croup but this is his daughter and it’s much more terrifying as a parent than it was when he was treating other people’s children.
“Deal!” Sherlock says with a smirk.
John skimmed across the ice, forgetting all about Harry.  He loved the way wind whipped at his face as he skated.  How he could glide and forget about everything else, just enjoying himself.  He smiled and rotated so that he was skating backwards.  It was then he noticed the  smaller boy at the edge of the ice trying hard to stay upright.  He looked awkward, limbs flailing, and then he fell hard on the  ice.  John dug the edge of his skates, shaving the ice, and came to a stop.  He looked around and didn’t see anyone watching after the boy.  Maybe he’d been deserted too.  John huffed.  That wouldn’t do.  He skated over to where the boy was, now sitting forlornly on the ice.
“While I’m thrilled you seem to finally be intent on eating healthy, there is a distinct lack of milk in here,” John waved his hand at shelves.
Prompt: Santa Claus costume with extra stuffing
John huffs to himself, a small smile on his face at the fond image forming in his head. He pockets his phone and finishes his shopping before heading home. Sherlock really should know better by now. The last thing they need is her waking up because one of Sherlock’s experiments blows up...again.
“Bring my coat!” Sherlock called back, his voice more urgent than before.
Yes, you read the prompt right.  Tonight's prompt is the flavor "Come" because someone wanted it and wanted to see my rating change.  It immediately follows the previous two chapters of Plum and Deep Purple.  This most likely ends the sequential 221's although there is a prompt that would go well with the after glow of sex.
I imagine Sherlock to be one of the Fae who only come out at night in this ficlet.
“Nah,” John said, “You’d make a better one than him.”  His leg was flush against Sherlock’s. Sherlock did his best not to move his leg, enjoying the warmth seeping through the fabric of his jeans.
John undid each button as he kissed Sherlock.  It was a slow process and John, being a patient man, knew exactly what he was doing. He teased Sherlock’s skin with light touches while he revealed more of it with each loose button.  He nipped, licked, and sucked, as he kissed Sherlock, taking his time.  When he untucked Sherlock’s shirt and freed the last two buttons, he stepped back.  Sherlock gasped at the sudden space between them.  His eyes shot open.
Mycroft Holmes watched the two boys on the bench laughing and breathed a sigh of relief.  Finally, after all this time of coming to the park, Sherlock had found a friend.
“Of course,” John gestured with his hand and Hamish began.  First he steepled his little fingers under his chin as if he were thinking.  It was such a perfect imitation John had to struggle not to laugh.  Then Hamish folded his hands behind his back and began to pace the living area.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Revelation number one:  He should have seen it long ago or at least stopped trying to deny it, because, if he is honest with himself, John has known for a while.  Sherlock Holmes cares for him more than he does anyone else, bar none.  Quite possibly, no definitely, is in love with him.
Sherlock returned the grin, raising an eyebrow, “True, but I think you have the order wrong.”
Prompt: Frozen Lake
Sherlock’s hand falls away from the music player as John talks.  He pauses before speaking, choosing not to answer John’s question and instead asks his own.  “It’s midday on a Tuesday, John.  Why are you here and not at the work?”
Then revelation number three dawns on him:  John knows what everyone has been saying is true.  He is in love with Sherlock Holmes.  He is sure of that, beyond else anything he’s ever felt before.  Even for Mary, before he found out what kind of person she was.  So he waits for Sherlock to turn and make his circuit around the room again.
“What pictures?” Sherlock asked.
John sighed.  Most people thought he was insane to have stayed with Sherlock as long as he had.  Sherlock wasn’t “normal”.  But John didn’t want “normal”, he wanted Sherlock.  Time and again it always came back to that. He had never been able to see himself with anyone else.  There was no one else for him.  But, damn, if Sherlock didn’t make some days hard to remember that.
Sherlock looks at them both. “Okay, I’ll get the shower going in the bathroom. Bring her down in five minutes. That should give it time to get steamy enough.”
The detective stuck his head around the corner, “You bellowed?”
“Don’t Sherlock,” John’s voice is knowing.  “Don’t lie to me.  Don’t turn the music off.  This isn’t for a case. I know what your violin playing sounds like.  God knows I’ve heard it enough times.  I saw you, Sherlock.  Dancing.  You weren’t in this room.  You were somewhere in your head.  You were smiling, a real smile.  I know your real smile.  This isn’t about a case, is it?”
Sherlock slowly begins to sway, letting the music take hold.  He raises his arms and begins to dance.  One-two-three, one-two-three.  In his mind he leads John in a waltz around the flat.  He breaks form to have his arm around mind-John’s waist, closes the gap, and Sherlock beams down at him.  John’s form is terrible, his hand resting at the nape of Sherlock’s neck, but Sherlock doesn’t mind.  They’re close as they dance rising and falling to the music, the sunlight from the windows in his mind pours in illuminating them.  Sherlock, in the real world, smiles his eyes still closed as he dances with the most important, most beloved person in his life.  This, this is what Tuesdays are for.  The rest of the world can “piss off” as mind-John puts it.  Sherlock chuckles as he dances.
“By all means,” John smiled and took it.
Silence falls on the flat as John turns to see a tinier version of his own blue eyes, filled with tears, staring back at him. Diana sniffles as she clings to Mrs. Hudson’s dress but says again, quieter this time, “Stop.” It breaks his heart and he turns to see his own emotions reflected on Sherlock’s face. Quickly they rush over to her, surrounding her and Mrs. Hudson in one big hug. Apologies are uttered all around both to Diana and between John and Sherlock.
“Mmm,” was Sherlock’s reply.  John just smiled.
“I’m sure you’ve noticed,” John began, “I don’t like to rip into my presents,” another kiss and a he slipped a button through its hole, revealing the beginning expanse of Sherlock’s skin, “I enjoy taking my time.”  Sherlock whimpered as John slowly unwrapped his present.
“Dammit Sherlock! Now I’m freezing!” John complained.  He shoved his foot at Sherlock, as if to keep him out of the bed, but Sherlock hooked his leg around John’s and pulled himself in close.
Hamish rolled his eyes, a perfect imitation of his Papa. “Not Santa.  Uncle Mycroft.”
“Does Greg know?” John asked.
John finished his first and looked at the cup with it’s dregs of cocoa powder in the bottom, before tossing it into the nearby trashcan.  “Ugh,” he grimaced, “This stuff is still as vile as it was that first day.”
“That’s what husbands do for each other,” Sherlock murmurs in John’s ear.
Sherlock sputtered, “You mean you knew it was Mycroft?  Why did you pretend?!”
“I’m coming, I’m coming!” John shouted back down the hallway.
Sherlock smiles, “She’s not as raspy and,” he lifts the blanket and looks closely at her chest, “her stridor looks less in distress. Stand here for another ten minutes then we’ll need to take her back to the bathroom and repeat the process a few more times. If we can get her fever down, she should be able to get back to sleep tonight. Where’s the infant paracetamol?”
John isn’t expecting Diana to be in the flat as he storms up the stairs. They had left her with Mrs. Hudson, as they often did when they were working on a case. And that’s where Diana is
John misses the look of want and hope that flashes through Sherlock’s eyes.  God, yes he wants to dance with John.  But Sherlock hesitates.  John notices the hesitation and looks up, seeing an unsure look on Sherlock’s face.  “I don’t want your pity,” Sherlock answers instead.
“Sure.  Harry’s probably not even noticed I’m gone yet anyways.”  John grinned.  Sherlock had actually helped him feel better about being left alone in the park by his sister.  Sherlock beamed back at John and they headed over to the hot chocolate vendor and then sat on the bench.  Sherlock told John as much as he could about the people walking by, John listened, astounded that such a young mind could figure those things out.  “Brilliant!” John uttered under his breath.  Sherlock blushed.  “I could teach you, if you wanted,” Sherlock offered.  John laughed, “Only if you let me teach you to skate.”
“No, but I do,” Hamish grinned up at his father impishly.  “So will you, Father?  Will you believe in Uncle Mycroft again?  You used to.  I’ve seen the pictures of when you were children!”
“Fine, fine, fine,” John muttered as he doubled back to grab the garment.
Prompt: What do you the the man who means everything to you for Christmas?  (both perspectives)
Sherlock exhaled as he looked up, and through the plume of breath he saw small green leaves.  “I have an idea to warm us up before we make the trek,” he grinned before he pulled John in for a kiss under the mistletoe.
Now, standing in front of him, offering him the opportunity, was Sherlock Holmes.  There had been no present under the tree for John, just a piece of paper that said, “Turn around” and there stood Sherlock his arms open in obvious invitation.  John licked his lips.
“You wanker! That’s what you wanted all along!” John kicks Sherlock under the table.
Why?  Why had he agreed to come to this writhing, hot, irritable thing called a “holiday” party?  Too many people, too much noise, all of it idiotic.  Sherlock stood contemplating his drink.  Sure, he could leave, just start walking and get away from it all.  And believe you me,  that was a very tempting thought, but he’d promised Greg he’d give the party a shot and it was better than the alternative.  Greg was the closest thing he had to a friend.  Well, Sherlock wasn’t too sure about that now.  Greg had deserted him the minute the pretty blonde with blue eyes and a figure hugging dress had crooked her finger his way.  With a “So sorry mate, but you know,” over his shoulder, Greg was gone.  Leaving Sherlock alone in an unfamiliar place.
In the middle of the kitchen, his sleeves rolled up, white apron protecting that absurdly expensive shirt, flour in his hair and on his forearms, and a pastry bag in his hands, stood a ridiculously happy Sherlock Holmes.  The counters were covered in their own layers of flour or icing sugar depending on what stage of the process he’d been working on.  Laid out on the table in perfect row after row were dozens of sugar cookies.  Some had already been iced, others waiting for their festive decoration.
“Sherlock,” he mumbled, “You broke the thermostat and it’s the first of December, so if you let any of the warm air out from under these blankets you’re sleeping on the floor.”
“I don’t bow,” Sherlock scoffed affectionately.
“Not going anywhere, John.” Sherlock nuzzled into John’s neck.  John sighed, he didn’t really feel like fighting with Sherlock this morning and he was very warm.
A quiet crunch of snow behind him caught his attention, followed by the smell of hot cocoa.
“The ones Santa brought me last year.” He replied, eyes honest and open as only a child’s can be.  Sherlock looked at John, confused.  John shook his head.  It hadn’t been him.
The door to the flat is closed.  John stares at it a moment, because the last time he found it closed was the day he came by to tell Mrs. Hudson that he was planning on proposing to Mary.  Sherlock never closes the door.  He contemplates knocking, but the music compels him not to.  He quietly opens the door to reveal not Sherlock playing the violin, but instead dancing to music coming from the speakers of the music dock.  John watches as Sherlock rises and falls in slow circles to the music.  He recognizes the pattern as a waltz.  There’s a soft smile on Sherlock’s face and John can see that something Sherlock’s form is off.  He watches Sherlock and listens to the music, realization slowly dawning on him.
John’s nose wrinkled a bit.  “Sherlock.  That’s different.”  Sherlock braced himself for the usual mockery of his name that followed the phrase.  John merely shrugged and said, “I’m out here by myself too.  But most of the others aren’t.”  He waved his hand at the families skating, friends giggling together on the ice, and parents watching their children from the side.  “We should probably get off the ice though before we get run over.  Those blades can be pretty sharp.”
favorite.  People think Sherlock’s not a patient person, but people are idiots.  He’s patient when patience is required.  Mrs. Hudson has a routine; she will be out the door by 11 sharp.  He can wait for that stroke of the clock.
John cocks his head and just looks at Sherlock.  “You already know the answer to that question, just like I already know the answer to mine.”
That always stung.  That Sherlock thought, no, accused, John of doing such a thing.  They had practically grown up together.  John knew Sherlock better than anyone.  When they’d moved in together, he’d expected the experiments, was aware that there would be body parts in the fridge, that Sherlock could be extremely frustrating and would take his frustrations out on his violin in the most awful manner.  John hadn’t asked him to not do any of those things.  He simply bought an extra microwave and labeled one “Food only” and the other “Experiments only”, divided the fridge shelves in half and labeled them accordingly as well.  During his fellowship days, he bought a set of noise cancelling headphones for the nights Sherlock was so angry with the world that his violin playing sounded like tomcats calling in the night.  He had allowed Sherlock to continue to be Sherlock wherever he could.  But that one argument was the ongoing thorn in their side.
Sherlock scowled, “It’s not my fault I fall so often.  My teacher apparently doesn’t know how to conduct class properly.”
John shuddered at the thought.  He pulled one of Sherlock’s hands out of his coat and removed both their gloves, lacing their fingers together, skin on skin.  “I will always be here, Sherlock.  If I am not, I expect you to and come find me.  Because the only reason I wouldn’t be here would be if someone were keeping me from sitting on this bench, waiting for you to bring the vile stuff they call cocoa or the most sour lemonade in all of London as your way of an apology.”
Hamish tugged on Santa’s sleeve, “Can I tell you now?”  Santa nodded and Hamish proceeded, “I want Father to believe in you again.”  The silence in the flat was almost deafening.
“Hi,” he said, “I’m John.”
Sherlock, who had been so sure of being scolded for making a mess of the kitchen beamed back at him, “Check the double boiler, the chocolate should be melted enough for dipping.  There should be ample enough for the remainder of the cookies, with plenty leftover.”
“Problem?” John asked confused.
For Bellakalediscope on tumblr who requested Scarlet.
“Please tell me you aren’t some people,” Sherlock looked at John horrified.
John pulled Sherlock aside.  “As my gift this year, you promised to let him have this one year.  To see how he would react.  He’s enjoying himself.  He’s happy.  Please just let us have one year of Christmas ‘magic’ as a family.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, but kissed the top of John’s head in acknowledgement.  John smiled and Sherlock put on his ‘happy face’.
Sherlock startled at the voice in front of him.  He shouldn’t have had any trouble skating.  It was simple.  Put one foot in front of the other and push.  But apparently there was more to it than just that.  He looked up indignantly.  “I don’t need your help.”  He huffed and crossed his arms.  The blonde boy’s blue eyes twinkled and he sat down on the cold ice next to Sherlock.
“You first.”  Sherlock picked up the long, thin box with John’s name on it.  John set down his tea and took the gift from Sherlock.  The taller man watched intently as John tore the paper and began to unwrap his gift.  He still wasn’t sure it was the “right” gift for John, but it was special and it meant a great deal to him to give it to John.
“I TOLD you, Father, Santa brought them to me last year!” Hamish was emphatic.
Sherlock excused himself and came back wearing the pale blush tie John liked so much.
It’s an original piece, he’s sure of it.  But there is more to it than Irene’s song that Sherlock had composed all those years ago.  It goes deeper.  He senses a sadness to it, but also picks out the lightness contradicting the sorrow that seems to be an underlying theme.  There is a push and pull feel to the music, as if the two sides are battling but friends.  It is odd, because underneath the tone of friendship there is something more, a strain of unrequited love.  It reaches in and pulls at John, tugging at the center of his chest, drawing him forwards and up the stairs.  He drops his backpack on top of his duffle bag and quietly ascends the stairs.
“This isn’t pity, Sherlock.”  John straightens up and looks Sherlock in the eye.  “I’ve been a fool for a long time.  A blind one at that.  Now then, shall we dance?”
“It’s your turn,” Sherlock says, his nose wrinkling.
Sherlock slips the iPhone out of the pocket of his robe and thumbs through the music until he finds the piece he’s looking for.  He pauses for a moment before he hits play and puts it on repeat.  The piece is one of his own, but not one anyone else has heard.  “D. de lumine”, roughly translated from Latin is “conductor of light”.  Even if his brother has some way of tracking what is on his phone, and it is entirely possible he does, Mycroft would have no idea what the name refers to.  A waltz for Sherlock and John.  He hits play, closes his eyes where he stands and lets the sound of the violin wash over him.  He knows each note and crescendo by heart, each slide of the bow is etched in his memory, every rise and fall carefully constructed to create the evocative piece.  His love song, the singular most heartfelt piece he’s ever written.  And no one but him will ever hear it.
“Ah,” John inhaled sharply, “I trust you washed and dried the towels today then.”
“Oh,” Sherlock said when he found John, sounding as dumbfounded as John looked.
This sound isn’t like any of Diana’s normal sleeping noises where she murmurs or wakes up to talk to herself before going back to sleep. This is a barking cough followed by Diana wheezing while she cries. Diana had been acting off the previous day with a low grade fever. Both he and Sherlock had put it down to teething. She had cut her first tooth at six months and had been teething off and on since then. But when John hears this cough he realizes it must be something else.
When he came back to the bedroom, the horrible jumper was gone!  In it’s place was a lovely deep crimson jumper.  John picked it up, reveling in its softness.  There were no horrible reindeer, no faux fringe; just a simple, crisp, white snowflake border around the neck.  He felt a pair of arms wrap around him from behind and Sherlock murmured in his ear, “Great-Aunt Lucinda is getting a bit senile in her old age.  She won’t know the difference.”
The three of them go back and forth between the bathroom and living room three more times before Sherlock is satisfied that Diana is breathing better and the worst has passed. While John rocks her to sleep his brain is buzzing. He should have been the doctor tonight. Sherlock could have berated him at any point for not recalling his training, but instead Sherlock just took over and let John be the worried parent. And John had let him. They have been co-parenting Diana for months now, but John realizes after tonight just how much he trusts this man with his daughter as well as with himself. He looks down at Diana’s face, now peaceful in sleep, and can’t believe how lucky he is. He gently puts her into her crib and heads downstairs.
It was a formal event.  One of those horrible dress up in suit and tie things.  John hated them.  So did Sherlock.  But Greg was being honored and they both respected him enough to at least make an appearance and offer their congratulations.  That and Mrs. Hudson had threatened no more scones if they didn’t go. They were one of the few foods John could get Sherlock to eat without an argument.
“It was your paternal grandmother’s doll?” Sherlock asks.
It was an innocent time.
Mary smiled, the first he’d seen in a while. “Speak for yourself, John.”
“John,” he says, befuddled. “I must admit...I thought you’d leave the doll upstairs.”
He opened his inbox. His email was known only to his mother, his agent, and a few of the old gang from where he’d done his unfinished hospital residency. The name “Mike Stamford” popped up with a new email, which drew a mix of pleasure tinged with guilt. The subject said “Tired of Vermont yet?”
“Mr. William Vernet, allow me to introduce you to Doctor John Watson, the Program Director for the Valor VA Clinic.”
A brittle smile cracked William’s face. “John, that’s wonderful. I’m very happy for you.” His tone was flat. Upset.
But god fucking damn, was it lonely. He got up, brushed his teeth, made himself presentable, and did whatever he needed to do to get through the day. When little cracks appeared in his armor against the world, he’d drive to one of Vermont’s other little cities and find a hookup through Grindr. A furtive blowie or handjob later, he’d be back in his car and headed home, convincing himself that the orgasm had been worth it. Back in his cold state of stasis until the feeling of loneliness crept over him again. He used the hookups as shields. “I can go back to living in society again at any time,” he’d tell himself. “Because there are people who like me. There are people who want me. I choose to live this way.”
A laugh-track from Mrs Hudson’s telly greets him when he opens the front door of 221B, muffled by her closed door. It seems apt.
John’s mouth curved into a soft smile. “Yeah. The divorce will take a little while, but the relationship is over and for all intents and purposes...I am. And I don’t ever want to move from here again.”
“As if I could. By then, I suspect I will have sunk too deep.”
Again, Victor Trevor crept into his thoughts.
“And it makes me think of all those stupid sayings, like ‘move heaven and earth.’ Goddamnit, of course anyone would move heaven and earth for their bloody kids. You’d catch the moon, you’d pluck the stars from the sky if you could. If he needed it and if I could, I’d reach into the sky and just snatch the moon from the darkness and hand the bloody rock to him, just for him, our moon. Just to see the reflective light in his face as he’d look at it in wonder, and then in wonder at me, at the might of his mother. But that’s not what it is. At the end of the day, people are just animals and subject to all the same laws of nature. At the end of the day, it’s all a bunch of rot.”
“Sherlock, text you later.”
John dipped his chin, trying to smother his smile. “I suspect I am also sunk, though I’m not sure I have any hope of ever solving you.”
That was just last week. He hadn’t made a move to look for a job. And here, this job had fallen into his lap like someone had fashioned it just for him. Homeless veterans? A liaison between the hospital and the shelter? Shit, it hit all his buttons. Mike was right. He was the ideal candidate.
Sherlock shuffles to stand beside John, and takes his hand. “No. No sillier than a man named Sherlock.”
John licked his lips. The loathing and the thick, wet knot of his feelings grew tense in his chest, settling in like a soaked, woolen blanket. “You’re trying to avoid? Did - was it okay with Victor here?”
William tightened his grip on his hips and thrust upward. John cried out. William sat up to meet his mouth, both of them curved toward each other like parentheses, William’s hand fisted in John’s hair. John grabbed William’s face as they smashed tongues and lips together, and William ground upward inside of John. They stayed like this for one frenzied, heated moment until William fell back against the pillows, snapping his hips upward, bouncing John on his cock.
Not everyone was psychopathic. He’d just been the unfortunate victim of a psycho. Mostly, people were kind and well-intentioned, if they weren’t too absorbed in themselves. Even among his dad’s militia buddies. He’d met assholes there, men that picked at him or others just to throw their weight around. Who would browbeat one another into a puerile pecking order. But even the assholes, over time, gained respect on account of qualities others admired. Cohesion was the goal of their unit, just the same as it was on a medical team in an ER or OR.
John glares. “Yes, but -”
But William only smiled sadly, and continued. “Victor was the first to teach me about people as a safety net. The day I had to shoot a boy that couldn’t have been over seven, I dropped the gun and sank back on my ass. I couldn’t...I couldn’t speak. And Victor held me. I didn’t even know I cried. But my face was wet and here was this live, warm person holding me. And I realized that we had become friends. After that, things changed between us. We became close. I’m not sure in any other situation such things would have happened. But there, in the war-zone, he was more than my friend.”
That brilliant beam crossed William’s face again. He was like a beacon in the night. “Alright. Anything particular in mind?”
“I do. And I have a deep appreciation for it.”
Now Viola Holmes stands outside, waiting for Mrs Hudson to finish her assessment. She’ll take Sherlock’s vitals and rub salve onto his bedsores while making sure he’s comfortable. Then they’ll have their quiet conversation out here on the porch where his sharp ears can’t hear.
It was a Saturday in May, and he was about to move through the room as the official Program Director of the brand-new Valor VA Clinic & Shelter. He’d even rented a tux—something that used up the very last dregs of his savings.
Right?
After a moment, the burn lessened and his muscles loosened.
“I did.”
He sank to the floor, the crash still echoing in his ears. The walls seemed to press in close, constricting. He groped into his pocket to find his phone. Who would he call? The police? The only one he trusted was Sally Donovan. Since his arrest, he’d avoided most cops like the plague. Wouldn’t anyone?
“I am. So it was a date?” The shark-like smile that followed the question made John’s stomach flip.
John nodded and swallowed. He stared at the coffee table as if his gaze could bore a hole through it. “I’d like to tell you about my childhood. Another time.”
“No, doc. Won’t have anyone else inside my head. It’s all fucked up in there.” Ned stood, shouldering his knapsack. “Thanks anyway. You’re one of the good ones.” He grabbed the doorknob, and just before he left, he turned and said, “You ever think you might marry again?”
“I’m not - I’m not waiting around to hear from Sherlock Holmes,” he groused, his mood growing more foul with Mary having caught him out.
That did settle John’s nerves somewhat. “Oh, so, nothing happened?”
After a while, he slips from the bed as quietly as he can, like a ghost floating across the floor. He closes the door behind him with a muffled
Also—though none of their online dalliances had led to anything serious—it felt a little weird to ask Woody for advice on another man. Sure, it’d been a while since they’d done anything illicit; just flirted around the edges, tiptoed along the lines. A titillating prospect, sometimes filling his empty hours with a sense of being wanted. Someone cared that he lived. Someone found him worthwhile. Even if it was just, ultimately, a stranger on the internet.
...kept fucking finding me, the fucking lot of them. Animals. With nothing better to do than persecute me, even after I’d proved my innocence. They write letters to her, you know? She writes back. I think they even allow visits. She can be so...
“I didn’t spend much time with him. You’d have to ask Sherlock.” The telly droned. Some detective drama in some quaint, English village. Sherlock would have all sorts of caustic remarks for it if he were there.
He wasn’t going anywhere.
At least it was Stamford, and not New Haven, where his wife—
“Yeah, that’s it. You love the taste, don’t you? You’d do anything I tell you to, wouldn’t you?” John murmured as he kept up his stroking, gripping William’s cock tightly. “Bet you’d love it if we didn’t use a condom and you got to come in my ass.”
“Hello,” he said.
She lays the sage bundle down in one of his seashells, avoiding the label. How he loved cataloging natural items. That sharp mind of his so naturally tended to the sciences, and she’d taken great joy in encouraging him all his life. All the first thirteen years of it. The last year has been entirely different.
Woody was congratulating him.
Maroon carpeting swirled with a mix of green, to perfectly reflecting his state of mind. Murky. Chaotic. Flat. All at once, a conflict of feelings.
A murmuring chatter like water moving over river stones. A pause.
Thanks to CarmillaCarmine for creating the Isolated Johnlock Collection.
John’s pulse thudded. He leveled a shrewd gaze at William. “Is that so?” He hoped he wouldn’t break out into a sweat. William’s eyes never left his face. They were so bright in their intensity that John felt flayed, as if the man’s eyes were hair-thin blades working to expose the musculature and fat deposits below his skin. John searched for a way to disengage from the situation when William began:
John glanced toward his bedroom door. “Up. Follow me.”
“You say your father once killed someone during his boxing career,” Sherlock says.
“Right.” John wavered. “So, I wonder if you have a personal reason for it? Is that alright for me to ask?”
Not quite feeling satisfied, John slid his phone out of his pocket and placed it on the coffee table. He couldn’t help but notice that William watched the phone from the corner of his eye as if it were a particularly curious puzzle. Or something which warranted suspicion. John blew air through his cheeks and shifted his gaze to his shelf of DVDs. He’d been watching old favorites and wanted to watch
“The mustache.”
William slapped the book shut and looked at John. “You don’t even like giving blowjobs.”
William’s smile grew wider. He seemed incandescent with pleasure, like a burning star coming down to earth. “To new beginnings, then?”
William strode from the kitchen to the living room. “You read a lot,” he said, no doubt having noticed John’s precariously stuffed bookshelves.
“Not quite. Your grandmother, I assume, was not blood related to your grandfather?”
Sherlock sputters. “A weakness? John - I - the nerve!”
Sherlock grins. “That’s why it couldn’t be anyone else but you.”
Sherlock goggled, his mouth ajar on his pale face. “I didn’t realize I could be at fault for so much unhappiness in your life. It’s a wonder you remain my friend.”
“So the crazy runs in the family, then?” John says.
William covered his face with both hands.
John grunts and stomps toward the stairs.
“And you still came to dinner.”
Then again, if he were into men, that could explain it.
“I want what everyone wants, isn’t that right?” His anger flared, hot like a long-banked fire come to life. “I want at least one person. Just one, regular person to come home to, who sees me for who I am, and accepts me. Who won’t judge me based on my past, right? Isn’t that what everyone wants?”
“Now you’re motherin’ me. Gonna make me wash my mouth out with soap?”
John snickered when a pic popped up to reveal Woody’s lower half. He was kneeling on his bed in a shimmering blue jockstrap, his pert ass bared, muscular thighs spread. That impressive package hung heavy between his legs.
John releases him and arches his back. “Oh god!” he cries out, and one hand goes to his cock. Sherlock grabs John’s legs and hefts them over his shoulder, snaps his hips into John’s arse, his bollocks slapping against the skin. He watches, catalogues everything, like taking snapshots - John’s face in a rictus of pleasure, his hand pulling at his fat cock, and the juncture where Sherlock’s cock disappeared into his arse.
“Oh? You didn’t say that,” she said. “What is it?”
William slid his hand over John’s. John let their fingers interlace before he continued. “When I was on trial, the prosecution said it was my upbringing that started it all. That this group taught me to be violent. And sometimes, I think they’re right. I get…I get so angry, sometimes. It scares me.”
John lowers his head to Sherlock’s. “Yeah. Okay.”
It was everything he wanted in a first kiss.
He threw himself into his chair in front of his laptop to send a message to one of the few people he spoke to more regularly than his therapist. Woody81, or simply Woody, lived clear across the country in sunny California. They’d met in a chatroom for men seeking men years ago. Turned out, Woody was an avid reader and a hopeful writer. Occasionally, they jerked off together, but it’d turned into an online friendship.
His pulse roared against his eardrums. He read and reread the six little words.
“Yeah. They did. They’re good people,” John whispered.
William blinked, his lips parted. “Sorry,” he said, and threw Mike a hapless glance. Like a child who knew they did something wrong. “Sorry, I got carried away.”
John grimaced. “How much did you read online?”
“We’d really like for you to join us at Christmas.”
This wasn’t a conversation they could have over the phone. He needed to read William, for as enigmatic as William could be in his expressions, John found he could read the man’s body language.
John frowned. He hated to think Woody was hurt by his…’moving on’ with William. He pictured it for a moment—what would have happened if he moved clear across the country? To California? Walking alongside the much taller, square-jawed and blue-eyed Woody? Was his real name even anything like Woody? Despite their years of correspondence, John refused to ever hand out his first name, and never asked Woody for his.
“I will,” said Sherlock.
Almost as quickly, William shifted beside him, suddenly affecting a brilliant smile and bright eyes. “Hello, goodness, you do need to tell me who your surgeon is.” His reserved demeanor had flipped to one of vibrant interest in Peter. It rattled John, but also snagged his curiosity.
“I’m going to fuck you into the mattress,” William growled as he headed in the bedroom's direction.
He opened the P.O. box for Bill Murray and took out a couple junk mail letters, something from his bank, and a new insurance offer. He tucked those under his arm and shut the little brass door, locking it. He removed the white envelope from the J. Sholto box and opened it, sliding out a single page from inside. Typewritten words marked the paper. His mouth went dry. Sharp ice threaded his gut as he read:
Sherlock strains to listen. The child’s voice is coming through the door. It’s at once familiar and new. An ornate, iron door knob on a heavy wood door that he knows would shine in a high gloss by the light of day. As it is now, the brass sconces along the wall are turned off, and the door is shrouded in shadow.
“And?” William said, his eyes spearing him like a kabob.
Sherlock burst into uproarious laughter. His head thumped against the back of the sofa. “Your face!”
As a result, it was getting just a bit easier to check his mail.
“This Victor Trevor. What’s he like?”
He crossed his arms. “Well, um...you’ve been paying attention to the news reports right?”
Despite the jarring change of surroundings, he no longer had to contend with Hamish Murray’s fists, and his weekends were free of war and strategy drills.
But marriage?
He tried to put on a winning smile, that same smile that had often hooked him positive attention in his youth.
“But I feel different with you and it perplexed me. At first, I thought our dinner date would be the end. I thought I would find out what makes you tick and once I had solved you, that would be the end of my little infatuation.”
“And then he killed someone. It was an accident, they say. It happens. But he killed someone, and he couldn’t take it. I think it ate at him. He started going to his local more and more and he’d come back pissed. Mum could handle him, though. She’d just get him through the door and cleaned up and in bed.”
John’d probably seemed hysterical to Molly’s friends when he left—like a disorderly, unhinged drunk. But it had been so long since John had laughed like that.
Mike had an expressive face, the crinkle of crow’s feet gathered at the corner of his eyes, and a mouth that either smiled or frowned or smirked, but was hardly ever neutral. Now he looked as if someone had fed him a sour candy. “Yeah, John. I can imagine you’d be a bit more cautious in this area than anyone.”
“You are the most beautiful man to me, John,” William whispered as John mouthed his briefs, tongued over the ridge of William’s cock.
John peered at Sherlock’s expression. He was bent over his phone, silhouetted by the window. Dressed impeccably in one of his suits, sans dressing gown. His hair was gelled and curled around the edges of his face like a painted cherub on the ceiling of some great chapel. The impenetrable visage was illuminated by the glow of his phone.
William chuckled. “Perhaps we should have forgone the second bottle of champagne.”
William pursed his lips, drew in a breath, and began. “I joined the marines to spite my family. My father was a politician and a wealthy business owner in Greenwich. A state representative. He groomed my elder brother for greatness and attempted his best with me. I was never...I was my mother’s child. My mother was a transplant from England with French relations. We lived on her money, as my father’s business could never equal her trust fund. She died before I turned eighteen.”
William snorted as he wiped his face. He looked over at John. “I need to use your optic nerves now. Did I miss anything?”
“I’m glad she was no longer under the thumb of my father,” William said brusquely. “My brother is seven years older than I. He went to MIT. It was expected I would do that or join my father’s alma mater at Harvard. I refused. My mother’s trust for me would not be mine until I was the age of twenty-five. He cut me off financially unless I bowed to his wishes. I did what many young people without money do in America—I joined the military. I was seventeen.”
A small, choked sound erupts from the taxi driver.
Easy.
“It’s the principle of the matter, isn’t it? What she did was murder. What you did—”
Sherlock places his crates on the floor and puts the skull back into its spot. The bat case is backwards. He adjusts it to face the right way.
“DC Reynolds invited me out for a drink,” Sherlock says.
“Oh, sure, thanks for coming,” Molly said, apparently a little shell-shocked. “John—”
John walked across the floor and yanked him into an embrace. “When I'm there, I’ll be thinking of you.”
Like the owl devouring the mouse after its silent flight. “You - you can’t just -” He pumped his fists open and closed.
“No. I—I have things. Stuff. It’s stupid. I’m sorry, I’m not making any sense.”
“William! William Vernet, this is my old friend, John Watson.” John cringed when Mike used his full name.
Panic flared from his gut to his ears. He couldn’t prevent his wince - he hated to hear his full name in public. It brought attention to him, and soon after, recognition. He set his jaw and squared his shoulders, pushing his anger below like stuffing a fanged creature into a crate. Breathe, he told himself.
And ends: “John, you’re shaking."
Sherlock falls asleep after he’s come and John has wiped them both clean.
“Yeah?” John licks and kisses and bites his neck. It’s almost distracting, if not for the doll eyes on them.
He could hear her shuffling through papers. No doubt she was sitting at her desk, checking the rotas of who had worked with who, and came into contact with the infected. He almost asked who the infected was. “Not my best day of work, that’s for sure.”
John squirmed as discomfort wriggled around in his chest. As a child, he’d spent hours dreaming that he’d join the army one day like his dad. Hamish Murray had been an army captain, trained in weapons operations and hand-to-hand combat before an injury cast him out on disability. When John was a small and scrawny thing hardly higher than his dad’s knee, Hamish liked to tell him stories about his army days: showin’ up bigger men with his expertise, commanding them, embarrassing them. When the bullies dealt John a battered lip and torn homework papers, Hamish Murray had taught him how to throw a punch. And then how to shoot a gun.
William still looked at Peter. His smile was wide and his eyes aglow. He seemed so expectant and earnest. So innocent, and yet to John, the man was clearly shamming.
It’s not anything like that between us. We...we’re serious, aren’t we?”
“Nah, nothing.” Especially nothing he was going to share with her. His latest therapy session had been a nail-biter. He was supposed to be getting back out into the world. Beyond these little chats in town. They even talked about him dating - and not just dating, but letting people get close. Maybe even telling them about his past. And he’d have to learn to accept it if others couldn't hack it - if they couldn’t be with him because of his past.
The fight has gone out of John, who sags against the wall. A thump echoes in the room. When Sherlock looks down, Rose lays on the floorboards between John’s feet.
They sipped, eyes locked.
“Oh.” William straightened. His face turned red and his hands clutched his wine glass. “Normally, I would be encouraged to apologize at this point, but I stand by my assessment.”
“Is that my uni dissection kit?” John's voice cuts across the room with notes of perplexity and astonishment.
Ned gave a slow nod, his eyes never leaving John’s. “But you aren’t a killer, are you?”
“And now, John?” Ella had said.
She enters the living room where he’s now ensconced. Warped, near unrecognizable to her in his sickbed. He’s grown so thin, she knows his ribs jut out like spiral fluting on a marble column. His legs like the legs of a bloody stork, and his face, his beautiful face, marred by a metastatic deformity. He was the head of his class every year. Not the type of boy to suffer fools, he didn’t have many friends, but he was headstrong and in her eyes, he was perfect.
John grinned. “Nah, I got this.” He swung around so Willam could see his ass, and pushed lubricant inside himself, his fingers sinking between his cheeks.
“If it’s right. Anita and I dated for six months and moved in together, and got married six months after that.”
Sherlock yanked John's trousers off and peeled back his pants, letting his cock and balls hang free over the hem. When Sherlock fondled his balls and sucked one into his mouth, John’s entire body jerked. “Oh god, Sherlock, oh god.”
Sherlock takes the long way home, going through Regent’s Park on foot and taking the streets he knows John likes to walk. He’s tempted to ask store owners if a man walked by carrying a child’s doll the size of a toddler, but he refrains.
“Do you know my worst?” It was out of John’s mouth before he could stop it. Their eyes locked. The room condensed to one fine point, like a drip from a tap—at a precipice of air and stainless steel, poised to fall and splatter across a porcelain plane.
John’s hands were clammy. He wiped them against his jeans. “Ned—”
“I can’t help but feel that if I had been home, I would have seen things. Things Harry missed.”
A glint in Sherlock’s eye and a twitch of his lips caught his attention. “You…”
John bit his lip, then spoke. “Is that what eats you up? That not all of whom you killed were soldiers?”
“He - it was fine.”
“Oh.” Sherlock’s mind spins forward, unable to deduce anything other than the fact that John’s parents came to an untimely end, but what on earth does that have to do with the doll?
John bit his lip as he thought to himself that his preferred answer was definitely not the first one.
“I’m not lazy, John. I’m efficient.”
Standing next to the stereo, a glass of red wine in hand, was a man maybe half a foot taller than John. He was dressed in a soft-looking black sweater with the sleeves rolled to the elbows to reveal strong, pale forearms. His dark hair was shorn shorter at the sides, and looped in thick curls over his forehead. When he looked up to see Mike and John approaching, John was caught in his intense, blue-green gaze.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We have to stop,” he said, pressing his brow to the crook of William’s neck. The skin was hot. Flushed. “I’m sorry.”
Sherlock slides one arm over John’s chest, and lays his head on the pillow, where he can keep the doll in sight until the dawn arrives.
John’s face is covered by his hands. “It - it spoke to me.”
William shrugged out of his jacket and lay it over one of the dining chairs. John kissed him. They enfolded each other in a hug and the scent of William’s cologne filled John’s nose. It was among his favorite scents, all oakey and something spicy. William kissed his cheek and nuzzled the side of his head.
A wrinkle furrowed William’s brow above his nose. “Mutual attraction, of course.”
One man stepped forward and offered his hand. “Doctor Watson, a pleasure.”
Sherlock tries to push it away and continue the build on John’s room.
He licked his lips and tasted salt. His mustache held tears, the prickle of hairs still foreign to the tip of his tongue. “They thought she started at the hospice. Those old folks from the photos didn’t have families coming to visit them. She killed the elderly people as a way of
“John, you’re shaking."
Sherlock settled, still grinning, his eyes on John.
Fuck. Was he going to let some crazy person’s letter direct his life?
“Yes,” Sherlock says. He reaches over and slides his fingers through John’s. They’re cold from the chill of early spring air. “A work of which you are a part.”
John smiles. Beams. It’s a slow unfolding, curtains drawing back to allow light to spill through.
Warmth spread across his chest, like lowering into a bath at the end of a long day. “Thanks, Mike. It’s really good to see you, too. And I’ll see you later.”
“Bet it was hell coming home.”
“Hello, John,” Mary said.
“Thank you,” she sniffed. “Thank you for not holding it against me.”
John licked his lips as his insides trembled with a soft echo of fear. “I never expected you to be so...poetic. Or drawn to the poetic things, I suppose.”
Sherlock slides closer on the seat. “Don’t,” he says.
When they arrived, John unlocked the door and ushered in Ned. “I got my first aid kit in here. How are your ribs? Any pain anywhere?”
John laughed and looked down at his phone. Still open from before his mother rang was the discord app. The last message from Woody81 was on display.
“I’m sorry.”
Sherlock’s eyebrows raise. “I haven’t had the opportunity just yet, to be honest.”
chat group could only see him now.
Chowdhury had informed him they’d already started hiring doctors and nurses who would rotate shifts at the new clinic. His job title, if he got it, was Valor Clinic Program Director. He would get to work closely with licensed social workers and shelter volunteers to connect the homeless vets to the appropriate services. He’d report to the board of directors. He’d have an assistant. And he'd write grants and secure donations to keep the clinic running. On a team. A unit.
Mike’s eyes fixed on him. “And, um, William? How’s things with him?”
- Henry David Thoreau,
It was an idiotic thought, yet once its talons hooked his grey matter, it festered. What if William
“Easy for you to say,” he’d replied sharply. Then he bobbed his hand in the air again, touched his fingers to his face, and let them drop to the armrest. “Sorry, sorry.”
Fortunately, Doctor Chowdhury broke in and tugged him away from the group, saying, “Ah, another donor is right over there. I’ll introduce you.” John followed her with all the obedience of a dog, feeling like a child’s project for show-and-tell.
“And, John,” Sherlock said, “are you free?”
Oh, but how he wanted to punch Victor Trevor’s perfect teeth in, though he could barely say why. Too much of the oily smile that Sebastian Wilkes had.
Sherlock eyes him. Reynolds is gay. His eyes twinkle, and though Sherlock had always thought Reynolds’ attention to him was simple hero worship, he’s clued in that there may be something more here.
William. And goddamn, did the man look fine in a suit. The fabric wrapped and sloped around the hills and dells of William’s body like a second skin. John recalled a tall, slender physique with large hands and a well-proportioned ass, but this tailored suit exhibited a clear outline of an athletic build with a lickable, V-cut waistline.
Sherlock looked bewildered but then the expression on his face furrowed. “Why, John. Were you concerned for my virtue? Such a knight in shining armour, you are. I can assure you that where my virtue is concerned, there is none left. So you needn’t concern yourself whether or not I can fend off the foolishness of Victor’s amorous intentions.”
Mike chuckled as he pushed his glasses up with a finger. “I figure I’ll be out a week’s worth of baking, and honestly John, I could stand to lose a couple pounds.”
His palm cradled the phone again. It was only seven o’clock on a Sunday night. He could call...how would he start? What if his questions sounded like accusations and rightfully frightened William off? Insulted him? John could sabotage the first genuine relationship he’d ever had.
It’s still watching.
“And what do you do, John?” The blue color of her eyes reminded John of Mary. Mary had been into the Gwen Stefani look, with bleach blonde hair and thick mascara. Nora McCaffrey looked at him with a playful, flirtatious sparkle in her eyes. Mary’s eyes would sometimes sparkle like that. Predator cavorting with prey before the pounce.
John Watson is
John shakes him. Sherlock jerks upright, the word “No!” ripping up from his diaphragm and out his mouth like a thunderous geyser.
“Then I haven’t destroyed us?” Now Sherlock sounded small.
He hadn't realized he'd fallen out of love with his wife. And he had no one to blame anymore but himself. Sometimes he still got angry at Sherlock. Sometimes he got angry at Mary. Overall, he was most angry with himself. It became a welcome feeling in the fog of numbness.
“Okay, then. Bye.” She inhaled. “John? I love you.”
“I don’t want your deduction this time. This time, I have my own ideas, and I don’t want you influencing my thoughts on this.”
“I was studying to be a doctor. Harry...Harry lived by our parents and looked in on them. But she wasn’t...somehow she didn’t see it coming.” John’s voice is hard, like metal filings saturate his vocal cords. “And I can’t believe she didn’t. I can’t…” He hugs himself harder as his face twists into an angry grimace.
“A pleasure, Doctor Watson,” Victor said and stood to shake his hand. John thought again of COVID-19 and remembered he had a travel size bottle of hand sanitiser in his pocket.
“Hopes you’ll come despite…”
“Yeah.” He picked at the corner of the label on his bottle with a fingernail. “It’s...it’s really good.”
John couldn’t help it. He giggled. Then giggled some more as Peter’s face flushed fire engine red.
“Anytime.” He sent her a winning grin. The one that had, once upon a time, seemed to hook the attention of almost any man or woman within sight. With his blond hair and boyish looks, he used to get a lot of friendly attention despite his short stature - and he had loved it. Now, he preferred the reputation he’d gained as a grumpy, reclusive author barely making ends meet in a tiny cabin of the Vermont woodland. It was far from the prying eyes of bored journalists and self-fashioned vigilantes. But as Bonnie smiled at him, and people came into the post office with their eyes on the counter and not a single glance in his direction, it reminded him he wasn’t the epicentre of the earth. Life had continued beyond his most volatile years. Most people out there didn’t give one iota about John Hamish Watson.
This wilderness beyond the trail was his retreat for when his thoughts and feelings got to be too much. The little slice of valley was evergreen on all sides, and the boggier parts held the bare skeletons of dead trees in place. Woodpeckers seemed to love those dead trees with all their inimical, forceful drilling, echoes of shots ringing across the canopy. Nary a cloud interrupted the expanse of blue sky. The water’s surface was smooth and grey, like a pebble. Moss-covered stones freckled the edges, and reedy islands split the swamp. John had never seen another person here. Sometimes a moose waded through the murky pools, a silent and seemingly ageless sentry of a forgotten wilderness.
“Bossy.” William watched him with hooded eyes. “When will I get to explore your body?”
“After your grandfather died, the doll spoke to your grandmother. I don’t know what the doll said. But your grandmother told Harry and your mother that if she hid the doll away, she didn’t hear her as well.” Sherlock could well imagine it. The woman, alone in her home, whispers at the edges and in shadows, a presence lurking in the periphery of her life. Did she try to get out of the house as often as possible? Did she invite people in so she could take her focus from the whispers and instead to the conversation of the living? The human? Or did she spend her days pacing, pulling her hair, perhaps, shouting at nothing -
“I know.” John turned his head away. “I’ve told you a lot, tonight.”
“Stay still. It’s gonna sting.” Ned flinched when John applied the pad. “You’ll be fine. But seriously, cut that racist shit out.”
“John, you lived in a condo the size of a single car garage. How can you have so many things that you’d possibly need my help?” William sat in his chair by the fireplace, his long, slender legs stretched across the floor, and his feet bare. He held one of John’s medical textbooks open, nose in. An open can of Red Bull sat on the side table.
Sherlock licked his upper lip and smiled. “I’d like to kiss you.”
Mike barked a laugh. After a moment, he asked, “You love him, though, right?”
Mrs Hudson opens the screen door. Viola becomes aware of the way she must look - her hair and nails haven’t been done in weeks. Bits of his breakfast are still on her jumper.
Sherlock rolled over on his side, still laughing. “Your face!”
A case.
William puffed his cheeks and rolled his eyes as he came to a stand.
William let out a shaky breath as his eyes closed. “I shouldn’t have—I shouldn’t have forced you to say it like this.”
“He was telling me that I should go after what I want. That I should - confess my feelings to the object of my affections.” Sherlock’s gaze met his A sting at the back of John’s eyes alarmed him, even as his throat thickened like it was full of wet, earthy loam.
“I thought that if we weren’t going to date, we should be friends, and I didn’t want it to be awkward for either of us, so I put us on the same page.”
Sherlock’s face grew shadowed, his eyes unfocused. “I was running past. Must have incited the thrill of the hunt in him. He was otherwise a good dog.”
was saying he had feelings for John.
William winced. “I...it seemed prudent to reassure you I was interested in you as the person you are now, rather than give any credence to your past. I didn’t think you would have...reacted well to my advances if you thought I knew from the near-start. You were...as skittish as a colt.”
As much as it hurts him to think it…
“Victor and I met in the quad when his dog bit my ankle.”
John scoffs. “It’s not as if I thought she might off Clara at some point. It’s more...she saw what that did to our family.”
Instead, Sherlock made some stupid comment about commanding officers and left the sexual identity issues unspoken. Which was just like him. Nosy in everything else, but respectful just for the second where maybe John didn’t want him to be -
“Ass. Help me now or there will be no blowjobs for a month.”
Sherlock squeezed his arms one last time and released him. “John. ‘I cannot help loving you more than is good for me.’”
John narrowed his eyes at the television. “Mary, leave it.”
“I suppose. But as I’ve said before, I am...rather attached to my work.”
“God, you're beautiful.” John tossed the lube onto the bed.
He went out for a walk around the garden at least twice per day. Watched the brown sparrows chirping from the trees. Nest building on its way. The little chaps seemed unusually cheery, blissfully unaware of the pandemic impacting bipedal mammals. So far he’d not experienced any of the symptoms, but there was still time.
This chapter contains a graphic story of violence that occurred in the past.
Sherlock takes pity on him. “I understand. Sentiment is your lot, John, not mine,” he says. “I’ll try not to judge you for it.” He picks up his pencil and continues taking notes.
“The doll was present in the room when he killed your mother and himself.”
“Well, that’s a lie.”
“But you were once, weren’t you?”
“I am here precisely when I mean to be,” William replied.
The corner of William’s mouth tugged upward as he ducked his head. It was a familiar, endearing movement that tugged on something inside John’s chest. And with that pulling sensation, his doubts vanished as if a knot had come undone. It was...odd, how settled he felt in the other man’s presence.
The case involves a man believed to have fallen from a window - but his house is locked, there’s no sign of entry, and the window is painted shut. The paint looks old, but the injuries are consistent with someone who had fallen out of a window. No drag marks. Blood pooled beneath the body. Man lived alone. The upstairs neighbour was not at home and his flat was locked.
