As Cas finishes with the salt water and reaches for the polysporin, he happens to catch Dean’s eyes, startled to find himself the subject of scrutiny. “What?” he asks, defensive. He’s glad Dean doesn’t have the stethoscope, because certainly the up-kick of his heart would be noticeable.
Cas’s lips twist, and Dean remembers how they tasted, how they felt on his mouth, on his neck and collar. The residual heat in his body shifts lower, and he shivers.
With a great inhale, Cas’s wall crumbles to dust. His eyes shut and he sinks down onto the futon, raking his hands through his hair. Dean takes a seat next to him. The futon isn’t as hard as he expected it to be.
Somewhere past Wausau, Sam shifts in his seat in the way that means he’s got an impending question. He does it four or five times, and Dean starts his internal countdown.
He’s not even sure he remembers what’s in most of these boxes. He’d apparently decided it was all necessary when he packed up his life in Boston and drove it across the country, but now he’s sorely tempted to just leave it all out on the sidewalk.
It’s the lowness of his voice that does it. It sounds almost like a purr, except a cat’s purr doesn’t set off butterflies in Dean’s stomach. “Hiya, Cas,” he says and shifts his sketchbook in one arm. “Busy night?”
When Castiel first tries introductions, it's supposed to be just Melody, Meringue, and Peaches in the cat room. They’re the most gregarious and curious, so Castiel was counting on them to help ease the transition with the others. But just as Peaches is edging closer, batting at TimTam's tail and starting to play, there's a
But even as he approaches, the details start to blur. Castiel’s feathers, fingers, eyes, nose, they all shift and drift. When Dean foolishly reaches out a hand to try and touch the statue’s wrist, the whole thing crumbles away to dust before him.
It takes half a second to scribble a note on the shopping-list pad he keeps on his fridge and to leave it on the coffee table near Cas’s head. It takes slightly longer to find a spare blanket and drape it gently over Cas’s shoulders, making sure his socked feet are covered, too.
” he moans as Castiel works his cock deeper and deeper. Dean is tight, so tight Castiel hardly needs to move to feel that silken, muscular tug on his cock. It’s so fucking good, so
Bits of lime peel fall on Dean’s forehead. They’re soggy and slimy and Dean doesn’t really want to know. “Yeah, well, we can’t all live
But having TimTam staying with Dean has been his excuse for spending so much time over there. Once this holding pattern resolves, he's not sure what's going to happen to their friendship. And that scares him.
“Yeah, some lady showed up and Charlie said I was promoted. I didn’t get a proper introduction, though. They seemed a little distracted.”
“That’s it,” Cas murmurs. Carefully, he reaches into his pocket for a few treats—and if he ever plans to get laid again, he should probably reconsider that particular habit—and places them in a little line outside the carrier door.
The third morning, Cas is lucid for a full two hours, though he still doesn’t like being out of skin contact with Dean. For a change of scenery, they drag a pile of blankets and pillows — pilfered from Dean’s slightly cleaner bed — out to the sofa. Dean dumps a bunch of their snacks on the table so they can graze if the mood strikes, and they spend the morning watching bad daytime soap operas and game shows they’ve never heard of between bouts of soft, unhurried kisses.
Cas slams the intercom button, and Meg’s voice picks up again “—  and if you think I have time to stand on your stoop listening to some fuck —”
In the cold light of Friday morning, staring blankly at his office computer, he wonders if it isn’t better this way. Maybe Cas is just gone, flaked out on Dean and on his sister. Dean will keep feeding the cats until she’s back in—god, a week now—and he’ll tell her how much of a flake her brother is, and that will be the end of it. All he’ll have of him will be one very fond night of memories. With time, he might even be able to remember it without the bitterness of rejection and regret.
The daylight outside is already starting to fade to blue twilight, which is better than getting home in the pitch black like he usually does. It's a sure sign of summer, that he sees any daylight at all that's not filtered through an office window. Still, the clock on the microwave informs him that it’s already past a reasonable dinnertime anyway, so maybe it’s okay that there’s nothing in the fridge. He can do a protein shake. That’ll be fine.
“Mm.” Cas takes another bong hit to stall. This one is too big for smoke rings, and he ends up in a rare coughing fit. Dean pats him on the back, ineffectual, but heavy and pleasing. “I mean, it’s happened before,” he rasps.
Cas is cut off by the buzz of the front intercom. They share puzzled frowns, and then Dean gets up, jams the button. “Yeah?”
Castiel turns to look Dean straight in the eye as he drains the double shot in one gulp. His hand shakes as he sets the empty glass on the sticky wood of the bar.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean’s voice floats from the porch. “You wanna give the okay to set up a portable ramp out here? It’ll make these stairs a hell of a lot easier.”
Castiel nods, trying to ignore the way his stomach draws tight. He starts packing away his things back into the shopping bag. “In any case,” he says, “I’ll want to come back and check on him tomorrow.”
With a bite of a curse, Cas turns into the spray to wash off the soap, then grabs his own dick and leans face-first against the tile. He feels a spare ripple of shame as he presses his ear to the wall, but it’s quickly washed over by the heat of his hard cock. He can’t hear much, but the idea of it is more than enough. He closes his eyes and imagines that Dean is kneeling in front of him, that gorgeous face turned up, water beading on his freckle-spackle cheeks and his mile-long eyelashes, his perfect cupid’s-bow lips. He pictures Dean’s cock hanging heavy between his thighs as he kneels, pictures him tentatively reaching out for Cas’s, a question tender on his lips—
Every day in the weeks before the new cafe opens, Dean makes a face at its pretty pink and blue pastel paint job. It’s fine in a vacuum, he supposes, if you’re into the Easter palate. But it clashes horribly with the leather brown, blood red, and classic-car chrome of his pride and joy: Winchester, Ink. (Like Incorporated. But with ink. Sam had rolled his eyes at the pun when they opened a few years ago, but Dean remains convinced of his genius.)
Dean doesn’t even blink. “Priorities, man. So, what, you didn’t have time to shop for a couch while you were building a business and going to college. Who cares?”
The silence stretches between them, even with the TV blaring. Dean starts to get a crick in his back from sitting so stiffly. He doesn’t dare glance back over at Cas, but he watches him out of the corner of his eye. He doesn’t move. Doesn’t reach for the pipe again. When Dean does finally look at him, Cas is staring at the TV with the same blank expression he’s sure has been on his own face this whole time.
Her expression goes on a wild journey from incredulous surprise to fond amusement in three seconds flat. “Oh, Dean,” she says with a soft laugh.
As Castiel turns to hand him the cup, he holds up a finger and pulls a small tube from his pocket. He uncaps it and rubs a clear, waxy substance under both nostrils. Even from the distance of the other side of the tiny kitchen, Castiel catches a whiff of camphor and eucalyptus.
“You’re being a pessimist. And you’re turning your worst fear into a self-fulfilling prophecy. Can’t fail if you never try? Okay, well, you can’t succeed that way either.”
“I’m not an innocent, Dean,” he says, and that one single sentence undoes years of careful conditioning, a lifetime of repression, and sends Dean melting right through his mattress. He can’t control his hand anymore; he squeezes, and his hips jerk up into the pressure.
“Yes,” he says. “You were —” then pauses to plant a soulful kiss on Dean’s lips. It’s not deep, or lurid, or lustful, or passionate. But it sends a quivering down to Dean’s core. “You were everything. Everything I could have wanted.”
“Good boy,” Castiel murmurs. He risks a quick stroke to TimTam’s head and feels him push up into the pressure of his hand. Smiling, he pets his way down TimTam’s back, pausing to let him sniff his fingers.
Once they’ve settled the couch into some kind of reasonable position, Castiel hears Dean’s boots clomping closer. Watches them cross the floor toward him. “Hey,” Dean says, all gentleness. “You wanna sit somewhere more comfy than a wooden bench?”
“You can call me Marv,” he says, stepping around the counter to shake Dean’s hand. Dean grips a little too tightly, lets go a little too quickly. “I’m the closest family Castiel has left. I’m just here to help. You might say I’m his financial advisor,” and there’s that grin with too many teeth.
It’s not long before space has been made for TimTam to exist alongside Dean. Castiel peppers him with questions along the way, such as whether or not TimTam has eaten or drunk since the incident—”He had some water but didn’t do more than sniff at the tuna I tried to give him.”—and the details of the fight.
And then he smiles, and suddenly he’s a teddy bear. But one of those novelty BDSM teddy bears, the kind with the little leather vest.
Cas closes his eyes and lays down at Dean’s side, hiding half his face in Dean’s pillow. “I don’t know who I will be when I’m in rut with you,” he says, muffled. “I don’t want to hurt you. I don’t want to lose control. I —” He breaks off, fist clenching in the sheets.
Tyrion wakes up from a nap just then, stretching luxuriously and long. Dean feels a burn start in the corners of his eyes and tries not to breathe too much.
Dean clears his throat, fiddling with some paperwork on the counter. “So, uh. You looking to get inked? Or—”
“This is Lilith we’re talking about,” Meg says. “She’s got this fairy tale country club wedding all fixed in her mind’s eye, and if I don’t look the part she’s likely to push me in the boating lake. There’s duck shit in that lake, Clarence. Duck shit.”
After three strong breaths, in and out, Cas slides his fingers free. Dean’s legs jump, like he wasn’t expecting that.
this man, who this morning was merely an attractive stranger. This man whose affections he has soaked up all day, whose hands are now tugging him closer, impossibly closer. The want comes barreling at him like a tidal wave, and before he can think better of it, his fingers are fumbling at the buttons of Dean's shirt.
Dean munches on a cracker and lets himself look all up and down Cas’s body again. “Something like that.”
The cage in Dean’s chest begins to break. “What — what do I smell like?” he asks, holding Cas’s face close to his neck, hardly daring to hope.
“I might not be able to sleep for a while,” Cas says, “But I —” his eyes close, he swallows hard and shivers again. “I promise I won’t impugn your honor.”
The stocky man in boxers and a red silk kimono slams the door. Dean and Charlie both stand in place, sharing a look of bewilderment.
That thought pops the balloon in his chest like a needle. Shit, maybe he should have called Sam. Maybe they should have waited. If Cas dies at the hands of a wendigo because Dean was too selfish to share, he’ll never forgive himself.
Dean gasps, and then he’s fucking in, working himself deeper in sinful thrusts. Castiel feels the soft swell of his knot, thick and promising, and he bears down harder while Dean pushes until it pops right past the slick ring of muscle. Sensation explodes through Castiel, so bright that he can barely hear Dean’s string of curses, tremulous and
Cas tries to answer, but he’s also sinking deeper into the downy cloud supporting his weight and not sure what makes it out of his mouth is even English.
He watches Cas’s face. He feels the stretch but leans into it, working himself further and further open on Cas’s cock. Jesus, he is not a small man.
Dean hasn’t spoken since they got out of the car; Cas has said little, sensing Dean’s solemnity and matching him without knowing the reason. Dean is grateful. He leans his elbows on the wooden fence between them and a certain drop, taking in the stillness, breathing the fresh air.
"Oh, great, yeah." He sounds distracted. Cas hopes he's not intruding, but he really needs to look at TimTam. "I'll buzz you in."
Before that, he’d seemed entirely on board. Cas relaxes back into the pillows deliberately, letting those memories unwind on the insides of his eyelids.
The quiet lasts until the light changes and Cas points across the street. “We’re here. Find someplace to park.”
Dean loves kissing Cas. Loves the taste of his lips and gentle breath on his face. Loves all the myriad shades of blue in his eyes. Loves Cas’s body nestled against him, chest-to-chest, belly-to-belly, a warm, solid weight. He loves how their shared scent lingers around them, like a forest grove in summer, a rolling field, just for them.
He feels more than sees when Cas slides closer. He also feels Cas’s fingers under his tear-damp chin, cupping his jaw and bringing his face up. When he meets Cas’s eyes, he finds a look of such open empathy and care that he can’t help but laugh a little, embarrassed to be seen so clearly.
Ah. He grabs at Dean’s arm, the friction of sweaty skin in his hands, and he pulls. Dean’s muscles tense under his grip; their feet and legs trip around each other as they try to pull away, and Dean is grinning. So is Cas, he notices, belatedly.
Honestly, it's a relief. It means Dean can actually just interact with him like a normal person. A normal person he has a ridiculous—literal—hard on for, but that’s nothing new. He doesn’t have to worry about it going anywhere or dealing with the ramifications of that, because Cas just doesn’t swing that way.
The door is barely shut before Dean is shoved against it. Cas is a solid, muscular weight pinning him there, nosing under his chin and growling, sucking a mark with claiming force. Dean goes limp against the door, just letting himself be held there by Cas’s alpha strength, surrendering to it.
The need for sleep is equally bizarre, especially in the bunker, where natural daylight is difficult to come by. Maybe it would be easier if Castiel could see the sun rise and set, plugging into that steady cosmological rhythm that governs most of life on Earth. But even then, he wonders if he’d notice the signs: the itch behind his eyes or the heaviness of his head, the bone-deep lethargy that has him sinking into whatever surface is handy when the urge becomes too great to ignore—be that a chair, the floor, or slumped over a book of lore on the library table.
Slowly, as if unwilling to be proven wrong, Castiel raises his other hand, drifting his knuckles in a dotted line up Dean’s bare chest, over the handprint of flaking paint on his sternum, trailing little fluttery shivers up and over Dean’s collarbone and around to the back of his neck. When his fingertips touch the edge of Dean’s soulbrand, a frisson of heat washes over Dean’s body from his ears to his toes. His eyes fall shut, but even through his lids he can see the edge of a soft, golden glow. He reaches his own hand up to match, more certain, more hurry, and there — right at the knob atop Castiel’s spine, his fingers find raised skin, a familiar shape to his touch, if not to his eyes. Heat melts down his fingers like honey from a sun-warmed comb, and he opens his eyes in time to see Cas haloed in gold, looking at him with hallowed disbelief. Dean can’t help a breathless laugh.
“Uh.” Dean shifts in his seat, clears his throat. “You mean like Pretty McBusty over there? Are you asking me how to pick up chicks?”
Neither of them have bothered to turn on the light, and the sofa is a vague lump in the dim orange street-lamp glow. Dean falls on it, snuggling his back into the cushions and convinced that there is nothing more comfortable in this world. “Oh, man, Cas — you gotta try this couch.”
that are keeping him from falling to the dirt. It’s like his own personal feathery sex swing. He leans hard into them and lets Cas chase his pleasure in his body.
Castiel barely hears her, and based on the way Dean has to shake himself and visibly catch up on the conversation, he didn’t either. “Right,” he says. “Great. Yes. I mean—yeah, great. Great to meet you. Good. I mean—”
The headache recedes as Castiel acclimatizes, and he opens his eyes to see the speaker. Not quite who Cas had suspected either, but in this calm, dark space of aromatic wood and low shafts of light, he makes perfect sense. He’s fit and lean under a rough-worn, threadbare Led Zeppelin T-shirt, and Cas can see the faded snake of a tattoo circling his right bicep, a couple of others dotting his forearms and even the back of his hand. Cas can tell his hair was recently blue, though it’s on its way to grown out and faded to teal and bleach on top of dark honey. And he’s wearing sweatpants in place of the spandex Cas had been expecting, which makes him feel somewhat better about his own attire.
Dean’s question startles him out of his daze; his tea sloshes over his hand. “Uh. No. No, I’m from Boston.”
For a long while, they kiss again, until Dean can’t concentrate and he has to pull back to pant into Cas’s neck. The friction of his jeans and underwear is starting to chafe, everything hot and humid, fervent.  “Are we really gonna—?” he starts.
The slam of the trunk is loud and satisfying in the night. “Yeah. You ready?” Dean doesn’t wait for an answer as he rounds to the driver’s side.
For a few seconds, Dean determinedly does not meet Cas’s eye. Then, when he does, he finds he’s already being looked at. In unison, they share a mutual shrug of ‘why the hell not?’
Dean shakes his head. “Just weed and booze for me.” Too much of the latter, sometimes, but he doesn’t need to bring that up.
So Dean gets up and goes to work, comes home and cooks too much dinner for one person because he never knows when Cas might turn up, but does know he’ll be hungry when he does. The fridge fills up with leftovers, and Dean stays up just a little too late trying to pretend he’s not waiting for Cas.
“Son of a —” Dean bites off a curse and bucks his hips between Castiel’s hand and the jut of his cock against his ass.
Dean stares him down; Castiel holds his gaze like few people dare to do, all stubborn ferocity. Dean honestly can’t tell if his eyes are starting to glow again or if they’re really just that blue.
The inspiration for this story was very much wanting to express an outsider’s point of view. I identify as genderqueer. I’ve struggled for years with feeling “not right” in either gender camp. I have some mild gender dysphoria. I drew a lot on those feelings when exploring Dean’s emotional journey in this story.
By the time Dean gets back to the bunker that night, eyes itchy and fogging up with tiredness, he’s come to no solid conclusions.
Cas lets his gaze fall away and resettles himself on the bed. It really is very nice to have such a large bed to spread out in. He’s beyond unaccustomed to it, but he could get spoiled like this. “No,” he says. “Just that I got my hands on some actual-wormwood absinthe, and it would be a shame to drink it alone.”
For just a second, Cas’s focus is sharp and cuts him like a blade. “My engagements with Crowley have nothing to do with you,” he says.
Dean’s heart pings at the vision of gangly teenaged Cas, young and scared, bullied and hurting. His palm aches with the urge to reach out and touch; he digs in with his fingernails instead.
It’s late, but not too late. The light from the TV is muted and subtle on Cas’s face, and Dean has no idea what they’re watching anymore. He’s focused on Cas: Cas’s lips and how they move against his own. The texture of Cas’s hair between his fingers. Cas’s scent, woody and warm, threaded through with citrus spice; the grassy-lavender sweetness of his own scent through the lens of Cas’s. Dean can feel himself half-hard, but there’s no urgency
“Dean, please,” Cas says with the hand not still gripping Mango’s carrier finding Dean’s arm. Dean’s like a hunting dog, all his angry lines pointing straight at Marv.
Dean doesn’t realize he’s carried the red hoodie with him out of the laundry room until he’s draping it over the back of a kitchen chair. He unclenches his fingers deliberately and gives the hoodie a stupid little pat before making his way toward the fridge.
Dean’s chewing on the ashes of that thought when his phone rings. Cas turns down the music while Dean digs it out of his pocket. It’s Sam.
It comes again, a few sultry moans and then an exhalation of fuck, clear as day. If Dean strains—if he wants to really torture himself—he can hear Cas’s low voice murmuring to the mystery man, especially now that Dean knows exactly what that sounds like, feels like, what those words can do to a person.
Dean’s eyes roll skyward, and he pours more coffee for himself and a second one for Castiel. “Yes, Einstein, the porn. You get your junk working?”
, it triggers something primal and hungry in the back of Dean’s brain. He wants Cas all over him, everywhere.
“If you’re expecting a big reaction, be warned, I know absolutely nothing about cars. Charlie says I’m allergic to them.”
Her eyes slide to Dean and give him a measuring once-over. “Could your lovely Meg not make it? I did like seeing the two of you together.”
With a sigh, scrubbing his face with his hands, Castiel shakes his head. “I don’t know. Is this what it’s always like?” he asks, desperate. “The ache, the pressure—I just feel—” He clenches his fists and squeezes them between his thighs. So help him, he can feel his pulse in his dick in the middle of this diner. “Like I’m going to explode if I don’t do something soon.”
No. No, Castiel most certainly does not. But perhaps they should. Inias’s words from earlier sluice over him like ice water:
It’s not quite the grumpy grousing he was expecting. Dean does a double-take, then tosses him a smile and claps a hand on his knee. “I’m not worried about it, Cas.”
The conversation lulls again, and then Donna summons Cas back to the cluster of interested persons. Cas waves with one finger up, then turns back to Dean.
“Yeah, well.” Cas is stronger than he looks, his hand dry and warm and occupying Dean’s entire attention on his arm. He tightens his own fists.
Dean looks up and finds Cas standing a little closer than he was before. Dean takes a quick breath of their scent and shrugs. “Yeah, but in a good way,” he says with a grin.
Instead of leaning close, Cas reaches for Dean’s hand, clasping his fingers against his palm. He lifts Dean’s hand to his face and rubs his lips, his cheek, his chin over the back of Dean’s knuckles. A scent mark. Dean’s breath leaves him in a rush.
And by God, he could swear he can actually feel the dopamine flooding his system as he takes that first bite. The flavor is exactly as he remembered, all savory spices and fried goodness, and the noise he makes is surely obscene. He can’t bring himself to care. They are definitely the ones from Gas-N-Sip, which means they are absolutely not
He hears a choked-off groan. A muffled gasp. The rhythmic movement of a hand on flesh, furtive, secret.
Dean doesn’t even bother not rolling his eyes. “No, I thought we’d risk it just this once. Yes, I checked the room. So did Benny.”
Cas’s smile is soft, small, and sad. “I wouldn’t know,” he says, and Dean sees again a glimpse of whatever deep well of ache he carries inside him. He wants to plunge right down to the bottom, but it’s not his to explore.
But he knows the script with women. He’s never had the first clue where to start with guys, so it always just seemed easier to stick to one side of the track.
Maybe it’s just the moonlight. Maybe it’s the dreaded spirits breathing behind his ears, or maybe it’s his own omega urges rising up from within. Either way, Dean knows that he will surrender to it before the dawn comes.
Castiel raises an eyebrow and squints over the counter at Dean’s kilt. He doesn’t have to say a word.
“This perhaps isn’t the first date I would have preferred,” he grumbles. “But no, this is not just some hormone-addled haze. I am in control of my faculties.”
“Yes, alright,” Cas says, though Dean hasn’t said anything that made sense in several minutes. “Down — yes.” With a grip on Dean’s wrist and without removing his fingers, Cas lowers Dean in a semi-controlled fall onto a soft bed of leaves. “Dean — I have to — your boots. I have to —”
By early afternoon, Dean is restless. Itchy in his skin. They only just got back from the hunt, but it won’t take long for him to be bouncing off the walls, especially with Sam gone. Cas has made himself scarce since the morning, only emerging when the scent of slow-cooker beef stew starts to permeate the bunker.
“I heard the disposal.” Dean says. “Sorry. Didn’t mean to barge in. Anna usually asks me to fix it when it gets like this. Is this a bad time?” He's on alert for the potential appearance of Cas's lady friend at any moment, trying to be prepared.
Dean nods, eyeing the price tag on the pills. He’s probably crazy. He should just stop going to the cafe, but he knows he won’t do that.
“Don’t you have skin to poke, mister?” Donna chides. “I can’t have you messing up your business just because of our little altercation.”
He hasn’t missed much about being in heat, but he can’t deny, the heightened orgasms are sometimes worth it.
even though the knot is made of silicone, and  the rush of rightness knocks the breath from Dean’s lungs. It’s like a second orgasm that’s all in his heart, his mind. Every time he pushes on the base of the knot with little shoves of his hips, they both shake apart a little more, sharing this tidal wave. The fat round of Cas’s knot rubs against Dean’s belly, slick with come. Cas lets go to cling to Dean tighter, holds him close, and Dean trembles down to his soul as he feels the final piece of the puzzle lock in place.
And then he’s pushing away, brushing past Cas, down the sidewalk. “Come on,” he says. “Before my face falls off.”
“Go ahead,” Cas says, trying not to look at the assortment of needles on the tray. He’s starting to feel a bit queasy.
Cas’s hands soothe up and down his sides, and with each pass, Dean relaxes, incrementally melting. “M’good,” he says at last when he’s slumped against Cas’s shoulder.
The pan-seared steak and vegetables are, of course, delectable. Castiel may not quite understand hunger yet, but he definitely understands the satisfaction that comes with sating it.
Cas lifts an eyebrow at him, which does funny things to Dean’s britches. Damn these tights. “Do we need to have the gender expectations conversation now? Besides, men wore corsets, too.”
“Hey, uh,” Dean starts to say, laughter calming down, leaving him lighter, looser. “Can I have some?”
The ceremony is held on a wide green space overlooking one of the golf course’s water features. White chairs in rows make a semi-circle around the gazebo, and there’s an aisle carved down the middle already strewn with rose petals. Anael’s dress is chic and sparkling, her bouquet cascading over her hands, and her hair an architectural miracle. They look like something out of a fairy tale, especially with Michael’s ink-black hair and white tux. In spite of the conspicuous consumption and social grandstanding, it’s clear that Michael and Aneal are very deeply in love, and Castiel starts to tear up during his new sister-in-law’s vows.
Dean lets himself scoot closer until his shoulder is pressed against Cas’s chest and his breathing is a soft puff against his ear. Goosebumps pop up there, and even though he tries his hardest not to, he turns his head to glance at Cas.
In the sudden quiet, he hears Dean sigh, the scuff of boot tread on hardwood. “See ya, Sammy,” he murmurs, so soft, Castiel is certain he wasn’t meant to hear it.
Castiel doesn’t stop looking at him. What does he think he’ll see? “But you lost the faith,” he says.
He doesn't feel quite so stupid now that he's out in the open and in good company. If anything, his borrowed outfit seems plain by comparison. Dean takes some comfort in the fact that no matter how stupid he feels, at least he doesn't have to contend with jagged rubber teeth, and he isn't pretending to do magic with a whittled stick and a sack full of sand bags.
As evening slips into night, an anxious knot in Dean’s stomach keeps him from even noticing dinnertime. He stares at his phone, mostly, idly scrolling and pretending he’s not watching for a text. He gets a few from Sam and one from Charlie, and his stomach jumps up to his throat each time.
“It was an investment.” Zachariah pins on his snake oil grin. “And an incentive. I meant what I said, Smith, you could go far with this company.”
“Listen. Ducky.” Dean feels Charlie bristle. “People who come here don’t tend to want their friends storming in on their fun.” He turns to Dean. “They don’t need a white knight coming to the rescue. They come here for a reason, and all too often, it’s to forget all about people like you.”
Castiel considers pressing. But he’s tired, and he misses the warmth of Dean's skin. His cock is tired too, still fat but soft, ready to cede to the exhaustion of the middle of the night rather than demand immediate attention. It’s a shame, almost, but the lure of Dean’s skin and scent is as much about sensation and connection as it is about sex.
When Cas does wake up, it’s with a sudden inhale and stiffening shoulders. He lifts his head a fraction, then discretely wipes at his mouth with his wrist.
“You do matter,” Cas says, looking down at his own hand on Dean’s wrist. “I hope you remember that.” When Dean doesn’t come up with a response to that, Cas’s empathetic expression shifts to something more roguish. “Besides all that, righteous anger is a good look for you.”
Dean’s brain is stuck on the combination of ‘cat’ and ‘cafe.’ “Is that even sanitary? I mean, animals around food…”
Dean finishes changing in peace, then gets tangled in the towel as he opens the door to climb out of the back seat. Truly, today has been his most dignified hour. He sags against the side of the car, worn out in a way he rarely feels, even after arms and chest day with the free weights. His skin feels hot and suffocated now that he's re-dressed in his slacks and button-down, even untucked and rolled up at the cuffs. Absentmindedly, he undoes a button or two of his collar. At any rate, he's more presentable than Cas, who’s still in his board shorts and expressed no intention to change. At least he put his T-shirt back on. Save Dean a single shred of his sanity.
, Castiel,” Anna lets the grumpy fluffball jump to the floor. “Please follow the feeding instructions.” She looks deadly serious.
Castiel’s entire body is buzzing. His dick plumps up against the cling of his boxers and he leaks another slide of slick, and the sweet scent of honey and wheat is so thick he can taste it. His mouth waters and he swallows it down, scooting across the mattress, closer to Dean—
“No, I think I can find my way around.” Dean's fingers are growing restless, but still hesitant, plucking at the hem of the T-shirt, making tiny circles. “But. Can I kiss you?”
True to Anna’s word, Rosco was mostly invisible, only emerging for food and occasionally to stare from the corner while Castiel went through his yoga routine. Ellie had refused to let herself be brushed for the first few days, but Castiel had bribed her with catnip and a bit of tuna—“Don’t tell your mother,” he’d whispered—and now she lays quite happily on her towel and allows Castiel to remove the excess fluff from her back, belly, tail, and even legs. One time she even purred for him. That had felt like success.
It’s a few minutes later when the phone buzzes again, and he tries to keep it silent between his palms.
He’s not delusional. He knows who he is. He’s a burnout with no place to go, a disgrace to his family, and the only reason he hasn’t done society a favor and removed his burdensome presence from the planet is the kids who rely on him. Claire. Kaia. Alfie. Kevin. Alex. Jack. Jesse. He can’t let them down by disappearing.
“Was it really that bad?” Cas asks, stepping closer until they’re standing chest to chest, groin to groin. The scent of their congress lies thick on his tongue.
“I’m going to make a mess of your kilt soon,” Cas warns. His body strains up into Dean’s, taut like a bowstring, arrow ready to fly.
Cas’s voice, even growlier than usual, comes from above his head. Dean cranes his neck and spies Cas looming over the landing to the second floor apartments. His hair is standing up in untidy snarls, and he’s unshaven, wearing only a grubby T-shirt and boxers. Even so, he’s a sight for sore eyes.
Sort of. I’m just really nervous about it and I was hoping for advice from anyone who might have been in this boat before.
It’s just him and Krissy today, and a steady stream of customers who dangle feathers for the felines while waiting for their caffeine hit. A handwritten sign warns them that they’re using drip coffee grounds for their espresso right now because of technical difficulties, and more than one person remarks that they probably wouldn’t have known the difference if they hadn’t said anything. Business is doing well, the cats are thriving—though Cas is trying not to think about what’s going to happen when he tries to bring TimTam back—and Krissy chatters happily about her studies and her social activism while Castiel lets it all wash over him.
With a long-suffering sigh, Cas rolls onto his side and then gracefully to his feet. “You should try it sometime,” he says.
Cas’s eyes go wide when he sees what Dean’s created: a pair of intricate wings over his brows and cheekbones, done in sky blue and pearlescent white, with just the faintest hint of rainbow colors on the feathertips. “Oh,” he breathes, reaching up to touch gentle fingers to the edge. “That’s—”
“Eyes,” Dean’s voice cuts in. “Beautiful eyes. My friend here was just mentioning to me—” There’s a harder kick to his ankles; Castiel folds in on himself in shame.
Cas doesn’t even blink. “That’s fine. I can work with that. If you want me to. But you have to want me to.”
Dean licks his lips, shifts on the bed, and even his ass clenching in his underwear is generating interest.
“Right.” Dean shifts in his office chair, feels his phone buzz in his pocket. “Was there something I can help you with, or…?”
Dean lurches forward on his knees, ready to blow, or—or something, feed it wood maybe? But then with a pop like a firecracker, the little fire explodes skyward, a billowing, swirling inferno, only now it is blue, blue, ice-blue. Cold-star blue. Dean jerks back. Heat singes his eyebrows. His friendly little campfire is now a tornado throwing sparks into the canopy, and yep, that’s fear wedging itself sideways in Dean’s chest.
Sam opens his mouth, undoubtedly to spout some nerdy bullshit, but a rusty clang sounds out from overhead. Right. The case. Whether Castiel is involved or not, they need to find the kids.
They’re in a diner a few states east of Kansas, and Castiel can’t stop staring at the waitress. He knows it’s rude, but she’s wearing a thin T-shirt in the warmth of late spring, and the way it cups under the soft roundness of her breasts draws his eye like a hypnotist. It’s low-cut enough that he can see the tops of them as well, the shadowy valley in between, her skin powder-soft all the way up to her delicate throat, wide lips and doe-brown eyes—
Dean tucks his phone back in his pocket. The silence drifts in around them again, but it’s like fresh snow against tree trunks, now, rather than the eye of an oppressive storm. Cas’s gaze is far away, pensive.
Castiel isn’t sure if he wants to laugh or if he wants to grab Dean and kiss him breathless. Probably both. But instead, he takes his plate and sets it down on his brand-new counter, reaching first for the coffee.
Dean’s blood runs ice cold and then blazing hot, a five-star roller coaster of endorphins flooding his system.
“Okay,” he says, waving a hand in the general direction of Cas’s bed. “You—you get yourself comfortable. Not too comfortable,” he amends, seeing Cas’s hands going straight for his jeans. “Uh, wait ‘til I’m out of the room for that. But. Yeah. Just, just sit down.”
Dean’s legs, wrapping them around his waist, and that just sends all kinds of fireworks zooming up and down his bloodstream. To have his legs spread, to have a man kneeling between them, oh
“Well…” Her hand-wringing is so loud, Dean can hear it through the phone lines. “I don’t wanna impose…”
Cas checks the apartment number for the fourth time. Yes, he’s at the correct door. He stares at the aging paint job for a moment or two, then knocks again, leaning closer to the door.
Dean shrugs, setting the cutting board down on the wet bar and taking his Manhattan from Cas’s hand—just a dry brush of fingers. “I keep the red meat and pork to a minimum, but proteins are important.”
Cas places his lips over the warmth of the mark and lets himself exhale his frustration. “I still hope to do it right someday.”
“Are you sure you don’t want a hand with that?” Castiel asks while Dean frowns at the motorized standing desk.
After a long span of heartbeats and silence, Dean pulls back; the world is brighter when he blinks his eyes open. Cas grins at him and then at the beauty all around them, but Dean keeps his eyes on Cas — wind-tossed hair, looking rough around the chin from relaxing his shaving habits since his career change, finally at home in a soft maroon hoodie he’d found at a thrift store in Boulder. Dean loves him more than the air stolen from his lungs.
“No, I do,” Dean presses, suddenly unerringly certain. “We’ve spent almost every day together for months and, yeah, you smoke a lotta weed, but that’s it. You’re not an addict. So—what?”
Klaxons go off all up and down Dean’s nervous system as Castiel leans and scoots toward him over the cushions, unfolding like a panther stretching in the sun, pouring himself into Dean’s personal space and—
Cas pulls back and Dean stumbles to his feet, knees protesting, and gathers Cas into his arms. “That was — phenomenally stupid,” he pants against Dean’s collar bone.
“We’re looking for a friend,” Dean says, deliberately lowering his voice into what he hopes is an intimidating register. He’s got a head of height on this Crowley character, and plenty of muscle. He could take him if he had to, and right now, he’s just waiting for an excuse.
He’s still not moping by the time he finally caves and orders himself a kale-and-sesame salad from his favorite vegan deli. He knows he needs some kind of dinner, and this one comes with roasted beets.
And maybe that means he needs to take a break. Take some time off from his commission-based work and refocus himself. Find his center again, his inspiration. His muse, if you want to call it that.
Cas plops his ear back down on the pillow. “I haven’t been awake very long,” he says, voice rough, hoarse. “Do you have coffee?”
Dean clenches his jaw. He’s at the point where he’s either going to get angry or slide right into maudlin, and he knows which one he prefers. It’s not pretty, but it’s easier. “I’m not like everybody else though,” he grates out. “I don’t get to have all that happily ever after crap. I just don’t. It’s easier if I just accept that.”
Balthazar lays a hand over his heart. “I’m wounded. No. Listen.” He draws close and shakes Castiel by the shoulders. “You have to show him up.”
Sam just laughs. “You got it,” he says, but doesn’t offer up any further commiseration. “Well. Have a good day,” he says, and starts to back out of the office.
Dean snakes an arm out of the duvet to pat blindly at Cas's shoulder, then flops it on the pillow over his head.
The woman’s face contorts as the aroma of Castiel’s heat washes out of the open door.  Cas’s nose informs him that she is a beta, but even betas aren’t blind to heat pheromones. She holds her sleeve to her nose. “Whoa. I guess I’m interrupting something, huh, champ?”
Castiel does not sleep well. He lies awake in the dark for far longer than he’d like, and waking up is painful enough that he doesn’t bother trying to return.
“You are going to have a normal weekend if it kills you, Mr. Smith. Even if I have to tie you to a dining room chair to keep you from going anywhere near your fancy suits.”
Dean’s head appears in the hall, what little of it Cas can see through the open door. “Sugar? Milk?”
It wasn't until Cas had been living with them for maybe a fortnight that Dean realized something wasn't quite clicking. That the nagging pull way down in his gut, the pangs in his chest like someone plucking a guitar string, were directly Cas-related instead of just generic needing to get laid.
In spite of the lust clouding his brain, Cas bursts into laughter, sending a wholly unexpected booming shock up Dean’s spine. Then the touch is gone, both Cas’s hands and his tongue, and Dean hears a soft thump. Dean cranes his neck to look over his shoulder; Cas has fallen backwards on the kitchen floor, helpless with giggles and glee rather than desire.
Cas nods against his collarbone. There’s a lot that Dean could say to that, but for now, he keeps his mouth shut.
to Dean that the first time he sees Cas’s wings is in death. His wings and arms curl around an empty space.
They make it back to the bunker without talking about anything more consequential than pit stops and the weather, even though little zings and sparks of anticipation are firing constantly throughout Cas’s body. He’d spent most of Missouri staring at Dean’s confident hands on the wheel and feeling unable to keep air in his lungs. The light had been long and golden, and it turned Dean’s visage into something like the soul that Castiel can no longer see: the color of pale honey, burnished to shining, pleasing planes and lines defined by both brightness and shadow. By the time they’re climbing out of the car into the bunker’s garage, the shift of his own muscles under the denim of his jeans is enough to make his blood race.
—And cracks his head on the ceiling of the van. “Ow, son of a fuck!” Pain lances from his skull, and he ends up toppling back down on the futon, hands on the crown of his head.
Dean mouths at Cas’s knot until Cas is shaking, and then he takes the shaft deep, all the way down, his lips and nose pressing into the firmness of his knot and the head nudging into his throat. Cas is everywhere, filling up all of his senses, and god, he feels like he won’t ever get enough. He squeezes Cas’s knot gently with both hands as he swallows around him.
“Who taught you to say cock, anyway?” Dean asks, one finger drawing idle circles up his own shaft to the twitching of his hips. “I woulda thought you’d be stuck saying ‘phallus’ or something.”
“But, like I said, he’s got a lot on his plate, and it’s not just bein’ a busy bee. He’s had a rough… well. A rough time of it.”
The glow is gone from his eyes again, though they are still blue, blue, blue beyond comparison, gone round with wonder.
TimTam’s back arches, and his tail doubles in poof in moments. His sweet, small voice sounds strange contorted into a low growl.
Dean has the audacity to laugh, then, and he must never find out how much Castiel has missed that sound, how much he wants to lose himself in it.
And then his brain spins off into fantasies of crawling into a tent with Cas, vague shapes moving in the dark, that drum circle beating out a primal rhythm while they slide out of their ridiculous clothing.
He hears Cas’s rumbling laugh, and then he feels breath over the head of his cock. He sucks in air, and then moves his arm so he can look down and watch Cas open his mouth over the head of his dick for the first time.
Cas is gone when Dean gets home, and he’s gone for the next few days. Dean has no idea how long his rut will last. Benny had always been out of the house from Wednesday to Saturday, every three months like clockwork, but every alpha is different. Cas had never given Dean any indication of how long his ruts lasted; it had never come up. (It might have if it weren’t for this
“Dean —” Cas whines, one hand dropping down to cup his flushed, thickening knot. He’s close. Dean bats his hand away.
And then it’s over. Sam’s stripping off his gloves and saying, “All done. That wasn’t so bad, was it?”
Dean stands up with a jolt, knocking his knee. “Okay, Captain Overshare. Uh, you’re probably fine, but. I’m just. Gonna go. Be. Somewhere else.”
“Okay, uh. Do you have anything slick handy? Lotion, or—” Get over yourself and say it, Winchester. “Y’know, lube?”
He stands abruptly. He can’t be here right now. This isn’t helping. Once the dizzy headrush has passed, he catches sight of his own haunted face in the mirror. His fist is clenched and the muscles of his arm draw back, but he stops. Takes a deliberate breath. And turns away.
“Here, let me—” Dean then tries to shove his phone in his pocket so he can lend a hand, only to realize that his gym shorts don’t have pockets. It falls to the floor with a thunk, and by the time he picks it up, Cas is already setting things down. “Uh. I guess you got that.”
“Maybe their business is booming already,” Charlie mumbles through her fourth yawn since Dean left for coffee.
Dean puffs out a breath and scrubs his face in his hands. Alistair. Good at his job, the old customers all know him and like him and would probably pitch a fit if Dean fired him. But some days it is really, really tempting.
Stands there, frozen in place, for an interminable measure of moments, trying to commit every detail to memory without actually remembering it.
Cas stands up, pushing back into Dean’s space, a squint on his brow. “I don’t recall making any promises, Dean. My business is my business. I suggest you leave it that way.”
When he steps out of the bathroom, Cas is seated at the table by the window, leafing through yesterday’s newspaper. He’s still wearing Dean’s pajama bottoms, and his hair is rucked up in the back from the pillow; they hadn’t bothered trying to get him into a shirt the night before, so Dean has to deal with the sight of his bare chest, shoulders, his trim little stomach rolls, the lines of Enochian tattooed under his ribs. Telling himself it’s only for a second, he lets himself appreciate his tanned skin and lean muscles.
“You sure this is the right way?” Dean asks for the fifth time as he steers his Prius up the winding road. “I think we’re going away from the river, not toward it.”
“Yeah, found a good spot,” Dean murmurs with a grin, and that’s the end of Cas’s control. He twines his fingers through Dean’s hair and pulls down, pushes up into his wet heat. Dean’s eyes go wide and then fall closed, and Cas watches the little crease of concentration in his brow as he swallows Cas’s cock right down.
“Oh.” Castiel doesn’t want to admit it, but—“I picked that up at a yard sale. I just thought the pattern looked interesting.”
“What I'm trying to say is, I'm here for you. You don't have to know what you want right now, just. Whatever. I'm here.”
Dean shifts in the kitchen chair, the hand not holding the coffee mug clenching into a fist. “Exactly.”
. Castiel wants to rub up against all those sharp edges, wreck those clean lines. He’s the kind of perfect you just want to ruin with your hands and teeth, like a new fall of snow in the morning.
Layla glances over her shoulder, a glint in her eye. “I bet he’s a good teacher.” Then she stands up and says, “You got room for a third? Cas and I could be on a team, and I bet Dean would still kick both our asses.”
“You’re not an angel anymore, either,” Dean says. “You could have been stone-cold dead in that warehouse and where would I have been then, huh?”
Stretching out on his bed, still in his boxer briefs, Dean gives his cock a quick little squeeze, a mere pitstop as his hand travels up from his inner thigh to his chest. He’s plumped up a little just from anticipation, but he’s got a long way to go.
Eventually, he runs out of things to do that don’t have to wait for Monday. He blinks at his window and is sort of surprised to see the sun already trailing west. Feeling a drumbeat pounding in his stomach, he packs up his things and follows his own footsteps home. The drum gets louder the closer he gets to home until it’s beating on his eardrums, his fingertips, rattling his bones.
It’s really not anybody’s business. So why does he feel the sudden urge to tell everybody he passes? It’s never mattered before and it shouldn’t matter now, and he knows well enough that, in most cases, he would get a non-reaction at best. It doesn’t matter to them. It only matters to Cas because he’s—because they—
, I just—” He trails off again and Cas gathers him up in his arms, wrapping him up tight. He’s so tense, it’s like hugging a wooden statue.
Dean’s about two seconds from checking his phone again when he feels four feline feet land on his thighs. Without even pulling his head up, he drops his hands to stroke TimTam’s sleek fur. He’s shedding with the warming weather; Dean wonders if he’ll have to start using his nasal spray more often or if Cas will want to take him back to the shop soon. Dean’s kinda got used to having the little guy around. It’s nice, having another living thing in the apartment.
“Right on,” is all that comes out of Dean’s mouth, complete with a thumbs up that even he knows is dorky. It gets half a smile out of Claire, in spite of everything.
“Hmmmmm,” Cas almost purrs right in his ear, sending goosebumps down Dean’s neck. “A friend does cosplay at conventions,” he says, and the word slurs out like ‘conven-
For some reason, that sends Dean into paroxysms of laughter, the tension bubbling out of him like champagne out of an uncorked bottle. Cas laughs too, subdued, mostly just grinning and watching Dean’s full-bodied mirth. Eventually, almost out of habit, he lifts his pipe to his lips.
“I — I’m s— I can’t —” Cas struggles through his breathing, too quick, panicky. Dean soothes with his hands, sliding up tense shoulders to cup his face.
“What, like, you thought I was just trying being gay on for size? I’ve been alone for years, Cas. I’m not looking to go back to that anytime soon. Not if I have someone like you I could hold onto.”
And just like that, it becomes part of his nightly routine, getting an eyeful of Cas lounging at Anna’s tasteful painted-iron porch table. Their banter never goes very far, but it always leaves Dean with a tingle under his skin, palms sweaty. He starts to expect him there, feels his heart picking up the tempo several blocks before he turns up his street. It even gets him to leave work earlier—closer to the time a sane person would leave, at least—just because he's eager for those few seconds of contact.
It’s more difficult than Dean thought it would be, but he knows how to read the tensing and shaking of Cas’s body, and every muscle in him cries out for this. Dean’s heart pounds fast in his chest, hard enough he can feel it booming through Cas’s ribs too. He hopes this works. He really fucking wants this to work, wants to mark Cas as his, wants
He immediately regrets it when Castiel’s shoulders somehow tense up and collapse at the same time. “Don’t remind me.”
Cas blinks, shakes his head a little. “I’m here,” he says, like it’s hard to dredge up the words. “But I —” He walks his hands up Dean’s legs, pressing into his muscles, feeling their shape. Dean gets a glimpse of his cock, angry red and stiff. His knot looks puffy, pink, ready to lock inside Dean and stay there until Cas is satisfied, and Dean feels his legs fall open just a little under Cas’s roving fingers. He licks his lips.
“Look, I know it looks bad, but she can be fixed. I’ve seen some real good restoration work done on these babies. And don’t think you don’t know a thing or two already, alright?”
,” as Cas fucks. It’s perfect, it’s fucking perfect, and he’s leaking like a rainstorm against Cas’s belly, ready to come again, ready to come—
Checking the time, he sees that it’s nearly nine, and part of his brain kicks out on reflex for sleeping until such an absurd hour. I earned it, he thinks to himself, and that makes him smile again.
Dean has to laugh. “Uh. Pretty thoroughly fucked,” he says. “In a good way, though. That, um. That was good.”
Castiel can’t quite decipher the look that flashes across Dean’s face. It’s gone before he gets a good look at it, and Dean calls over his shoulder. “Hey, Sammy! Got a family discount for ya.”
It takes a few days for the change to sink in for his coworkers. He can tell when Hannah figures it out because she pins him with a measuring look.
“You got a lot of life and a lot of years ahead of you. This place? Doesn’t deserve ‘em. Take what you need out of ‘em and get outta here.”
Dean frowns down at his upturned palm, then reaches out to meet the handshake, keeping his wrist firm and his palm directly vertical.
himself look again, not to wrap Cas up in his arms, because Dean’s ancient, sleep-soft Motorhead T-shirt stretches a bit across Cas’s chest and his flannel pajama pants sit just right at the top curve of his ass. Dean’s always been a sucker for girls wearing his clothes; apparently, that’s true for guys too. This is not helping his crush
there, exactly like somebody who never had to deal with high school gym showers and the unspoken but rigidly enforced ettiquete that if you were gonna look, you did it fucking
It hadn’t even been a calculated move on his part, stretching his arm out on the back of the couch like this. He’d just been trying to make space; the couch was pretty cramped with him and Cas and Sam and Jody all squeezed in. (Charlie claimed to prefer the floor. More power to her.) But he’d almost instantly realized his miscalculation when he wound up with Cas’s warmth right up against his side, pressed together from knee to armpit.
Dean just smirks and grips the hem of his soaked T-shirt. Slowly, oh-so-slowly, he drags it up over his abs, his chest, tugging it off his shoulders and finally his arms. His nipples peak, damp and chilly, and he warms them up with his palms for a moment before sliding his hands over his stomach, down to the fly of his shorts.
Dean hasn’t seen Cas on the porch since Monday. It’s startling how quickly something like that became a routine he looked forward to, how much he misses it when he’s not there. He wonders if Cas is having a busy time with the kids—wonders how Claire is doing—or if he’s out enjoying the sunshine, or if he’s just holed up in Anna’s house by himself. In his more melancholy moments, Dean wonders if Cas is taking Meg to the river. Or some other girl, since he’d said Meg wasn’t his girlfriend. It stings to think about, but he shakes it off. It’s not like he has any claim on the guy at all. They’re barely even friends, no matter what he’d said to Claire.
Donna leads the way back behind the counter, through the door to the back hallway and the cat’s room. The kitchen is blocked off by necessity of licensing, and there’s a small feathery mouse thing discarded in the corner of the hall. Castiel picks it up and follows Donna and Claire through the door to the cats’ room.
Flopping back on the pillow, Dean tries to calm his racing heart. Contemplates replying, but that seems unnecessary at best, so he just rolls out of bed.
Dean’s grin cracks his face. “Wouldn’t have offered if I minded,” he says, and stands up to grab his jacket.
Cas doesn’t reply, too busy rubbing his hands and lips all over every one of Dean’s tattoos he can see. The Led Zeppelin sleeve, the exploded Impala’s engine on his ribs and flank, even his rebel insignia and his family crest, and the tenderness of that forearm kiss makes Dean’s heart lurch in his chest. Who knew?
Dean’s skin is warm and slightly sticky with sweat. That honeyed sweetness flares in his nose, and he stumbles—trips over absolutely nothing but his own feet and—
“So, let me get this straight,” Dean starts, slow. “You think that just because it might not work out, we just shouldn’t even try?”
As soon as the room goes dim and the episode recap begins, Dean attempts to sink into the couch and immerse himself in the story, but the credits haven’t even rolled by before he feels a hovering presence behind him.
“Nice to see you too, Cas. Who is this?” she says, moving close enough to Dean that he can catch her scent. Anise and clove, cardamom and wild honey. Alpha. Definitely. She smiles at him with a hint of sharp teeth, sweeps him with her eyes.  “Aren’t you going to introduce me?”
, in a way far more primal than any scent mark he’s ever worn. He sways woozily, then lets Cas herd him through the kitchen.
The talent show is in full swing, a queen in a corset with enormous hair doing something improbable with a giant rubber duck. There are too many people. Too many legs. Castiel wants to yell at them all to clear out, thinks about shouting
Blink-and-you'll-miss-it trigger warning for Cas having had suicidal ideation. Not mentioned by name, he's just real down on himself.
Star Wars night has nearly outgrown Dean’s apartment. Once the Toe Bean gang had caught on that this was a thing, it was only a matter of time before Dean was shopping around for folding chairs to supplement his couch for seating. Charlie still says she prefers the floor, though, and Krissy and Claire have joined her there, a little trio of snark and wild hair. Kevin and Sam just grab Dean’s two dining room chairs, a pair of satellites that orbit to and from the kitchen, nerding out together in the background. Meanwhile, Jody, Donna, Cas, and Dean claim the sofa, and earn themselves a rightful ribbing all around for their “couples’ privilege.”
Cas’s head snaps up at the sound, and he starts to scramble his books away before he realizes it’s Dean and relaxes a little. “Oh,” he says. “Hi.”
He gives one, just one quick circle of his hips, like if he does it with enough stealth, Dean won’t notice.
Cas doesn’t break the silence, though. He’s frowning at a brochure he’d picked up at a rest stop in Kentucky. Something about horses.
A second ago Castiel wasn’t even sure he could move. Now he dives to the end of the bed to catch Dean’s wrist before it’s too late.
Sam just keeps watching him, long and measuring, then offers a hand to pull him up out of the chair. “Look,” Sam says once they’re a little closer to eye-to-eye. “If he hasn’t made a move by now, he’s not going to. Ball’s in your court. Now, if you’re not interested, you’re not interested, and that’s fine. You can just let it lie; that's probably what he expects at this point. But—”
“No. I’m very antisocial.” She gives a lazy wave and spins on her combat-booted heel to trot down the stairs. “Later.”
Eventually, TimTam curls up at Dean’s hip, and the three of them enjoy the sound of the rain and quiet conversation until well after closing time.
Dean steps even closer, well inside Castiel’s personal space, before reaching up to rest both hands on Castiel’s shoulders. “Keep your shoulders away from your ears,” he murmurs, low enough to be startling in its intimacy. And Cas feels the tension drain from his neck and upper back under the press of those hands, as if Dean has turned on a tap to let it flow out. Dean’s fingers curl over the rounds of his shoulders, soothing, rolling them back and down. All at once, Cas feels his breathing coming easier, his posture magically improved, and just… grounded. Solid. “There you go,” Dean says with a more genuine smile than Cas has seen on him yet. “Better?”
“If that’s the case, you’ll have a hard time getting him back here,” Benny says, glancing up from his phone with a twinkle in his eye. He’s favoring the fresh ink in his shoulder, and Charlie keeps spritzing him and dabbing with a paper towel, but there’s no sign of the pain in his face. Sam shakes his head. He’ll never understand the tattoo crowd. Piercing’s cleaner, in his opinion. One poke, and you’re done.
“Ohgod,” Dean gasps, the push-pull slip-slide of Cas’s knot stretching him like nothing he’s ever felt. He writhes on the sheets as much as he’s able, hikes his own knees up as high as he can. He wants that cock
“Yeah, but sometimes you want what you want, y’know? I had this girlfriend once, Lisa. She craved macaroni and cheese like nobody’s business right after. Like, real mac and cheese, with about five kinds of cheese, baked with bread crumbs on top, after every single rut. I was gonna try and make that for you, but I didn’t know when you’d be home, so….” He shrugs, coming back with a glass of water to find Cas actually choking on his burger. “Dude —” Dean pounds Cas on the back and hands him the water, which he sips carefully.
Dean’s dressed in running gear, obscenely tight shorts and a tank top invented purely for Castiel’s torment. His hair is still damp; Cas knows his own is too. His lips and cheeks are oddly pink, eyes sparkling in the early-morning sunshine. Cas’s cock gives a near-painful twinge, way too soon to start paying attention again, but it sure as hell tries. He’d known, he’d heard, but to see the bald-faced evidence right in front of him like this—
“Hey, we don’t say the O word around here,” Dean’s voice floats from the kitchen. “You want leftover pizza? Or should I make something?”
He’s about to move away again — the grill’s probably hot by now, the little hibachi out on the fire escape that he’s not supposed to have but fuck if he’s making burgers any other way — when the little typing ellipsis pops up and he waits.
Cas makes a sound that Dean can’t decipher, somewhere between a laugh and a snort. “It was a party,” he says. Dean risks a glance back at him. He’s rolled on his back now, swinging one foot off the bed, blinking up at Dean. Dean just stands there like a chump until Cas holds his arms out and mumbles, “C’mere.”
But for now, it’s just him and the perfect view of the city outside his windows. He sets down his shiny leather satchel on the huge, glass-topped desk, sinks into the high-backed leather chair, and breathes in his few minutes of calm. He’s earned this. More than any natural-born alpha, he’s earned his distinguished position, the respect of his peers and subordinates.
It’s like swallowing a handful of ice. How the hell is he supposed to answer a question like that? It’s Cas. “Because—Because you—I—dammit.”
Exhaustion keeps Castiel laser-focused. All he sees is Dean—Dean’s shoulders in a tight green T-shirt, Dean’s scent like all the best things about late summer. Dean giving him orders—Grab here, lift on three, one, two,
“Nothing. Promise.” Yeah, Dean wouldn’t buy that for fifty cents. “I just —” a noise like scuffing on concrete. “You weren't at the party, and I wanted to see you. You gonna let me in or what?”
Cas inhales deeply, then sighs against Dean’s collarbone. “Lavender. But not soapy lavender. Like a whole field of lavender bushes with the sun shining on them.” He breathes in again. “Amaranth. Wheat chaff. And —” Cas takes a few short sniffs that tickle at Dean’s pulse point. “Something else. Here, let me —” He pulls back and turns Dean so that he can lay against him fully, chest to chest, settling himself between Dean’s legs. Dean lets himself fall open to Cas’s embrace, and Cas rubs his body up and down Dean’s in a sweet slide of clothed friction. The heat of it prickles over Dean’s skin. “Beeswax,” Cas gasps. “You smell like beeswax.”
Cas’s rubbing hand grips one shoulder, half affection, half solidarity. “Dean, listen to me. If you take anything away from the last few weeks, I want it to be this: That there is room in your life for whatever you want to have in it. You’re an adult; no one’s going to send you to boot camp anymore. There’s no reason why you can’t be Dean Smith, Assistant Sales Manager, and also Dean Smith, openly gay man. Your life doesn’t belong to your parents; it’s yours.”
After a while, he steers them toward a more sedate scenic highway. The pines and firs and broad-leaved maples close in around them, dappling the sunshine into pools of gold and green. Through the tree trunks, Dean can see the Columbia River winding between red-rock hills dotted with evergreens and scrub.
Cas snorts. “Don’t worry. The only thing hindering my rationality now is sleep deprivation. I haven’t even had coffee.”
Dean knocks their brows together and doesn’t even try to contain his grin. “C’mon,” he says. “I’m getting sticky.”
“Dean—I know.” Cas wisely takes the papers from Dean’s hands and tucks them away on a side table, then turns him so that they are facing each other entirely. One hand strokes through Dean’s hair; Dean tries not to let it soothe. “Believe me, I tried. I know it’s not ideal, but it’s our ticket out. And we’re not forbidden. We can visit—he can visit. He’ll be away at college. That’s all.”
The drive from Dean’s apartment to Castiel’s grubby apartment doesn’t take half the time the bus commute would take. Not for the first time, Castiel wonders if he should invest in a car.
Castiel unsticks his tongue from the roof of his mouth but can’t find words to put on it. “I know,” he groans, dropping his face into his hands. “I don’t know what’s gotten into me.” Although he can think of several things that haven’t. Or, wait. That’s backwards. Is it? Not always.
Dean shifts, uncomfortable under her naked scrutiny and way more interested in Cas slowly stirring under Charlie’s pestering than whatever this chick has to say.
Oil-beard’s brow crinkles in a look of guileless confusion. “Taking advantage? I’m just trying to help my nephew out of a tough spot.”
As quietly as he can, just in case his dormmates are sleeping, Dean makes his way down the hall and out the front door. He spies Cas instantly, hollering into his phone two stairways down.
Alistair’s throat is in his grip before he quite knows what he’s doing, and Dean lifts just enough to keep the asshole where he wants him. With his other hand squeezing white-knuckled around Alistair’s bicep, he drags him toward the bay doors of the shop and throws him out onto the street. “Alistair — you’re
It’s weird, and confusing, this whole stupid crush. If he’d thought that exposure would make it fade, he’d been absolutely dead wrong. But it’s definitely weird because Cas is not at all his usual type. Yeah, ok, so his longest relationship was with an alpha, and of course he’s been with men (who hasn’t?) but there is something…
“Oh sonuva—” Dean rakes his fingertips over Cas’s skull and pushes up with his hips until he feels the head of his cock push against the back of Cas’s throat, and then
This doesn’t even give Gabriel pause, assuming he even listened. “Not anymore, you’re not! Me and the boys are going stir crazy over here, and we gotta cut loose. So!” He stands back up and shoots finger guns at Castiel. “Vegas. We are hoppin’ a plane to Vegas, my friend! You in?”
Cas doesn’t answer. But he does maintain eye contact when Dean leans back to a normal sitting posture.
He often wonders why he’s doing this to himself. Especially now, with his exams looming and the threat of his clinical practice after that.
If you're curious about Cas's ear cuffs, there are many many artists on Etsy who make things of this nature, and they are *gorgeous.*
When Cas looks at him now, some of the hardness has cracked, and Dean spies just a peek of the man he’s—the man he knows—underneath. “You’re right,” he says. “It’s complicated.”
Cas shakes himself like he’s coming out of a trance. “Can I see?” Dean’s already reaching for a paint-spattered hand mirror.
“They didn’t want my younger siblings to get any ideas about my lifestyle choices. I was given two options: either settle down with an alpha of their choosing, or leave. I chose to relocate as far away as possible.”
Cas shifts so that he can look into Dean’s face more easily, the hand from his waist rubbing full-palmed circles at the dip of his spine. “And at first, it was great,” Dean says. “I mean, I was free. I could do what I wanted. I could finally—you know.”
Their strides match perfectly. The shifting of Cas’s muscles easily telegraphs where he wants Dean to go. Left side of the barrel, right side of the flag, oops, don’t run into the tall fellow who’s nearly carrying his diminutive partner. They move as one, as if they share a brain. It’s far more satisfying than Dean had ever expected.
“Boys too, for that matter,” Cas says as if it’s nothing. He’s busy tapping out a message on his phone, so he’s not even looking at Dean when he says it, which is probably good, because Dean locks up tighter than an old truck in subzero temperatures.
“I do lift, you know,” he points out. More than he lets on, in fact. He has to work hard to maintain a facsimile of an alpha’s physique.
“Buzz off, Sam,” he grunts as he checks his fingers and the new sore spot on his brow. No blood. Small mercies.
Castiel jumps a mile out of his skin and nearly knocks one of the cat dishes off the counter. Thomas startles and goes streaking off for parts unknown; Ellie just closes her eyes in disdain. “Dean!” Cas squawks. “What are you doing here?”
” Dean hums, for the sake of his sanity. His eyes have adjusted to the gloom, just enough that the waxing gibbous moon through the trees casts strange silvery shadows at the heart of his vision.
Castiel isn’t sure whether or not to admit that this was all stuff he had lying around either his apartment or the shop. “It might be more than a few days,” he says instead. “Depending on the extent of his injuries and how quickly I can come up with a solution to the situation.”
Cas closes his eyes. “Let me try that again,” he says. “I’m not cut out for a relationship. But I don’t actually pick people up at parties very often either.”
The day Castiel goes to work without wearing a drop of artificial scent, Dean sees him off with a blinding, reassuring kiss, and keeps him distracted for the first few hours of the day with idle texts and entertaining suggestions. Only a few of them make Castiel blush and hide his phone under the desk.
Sam’s face does a funny twinge like he wants to agree but doesn’t want to be too open about it. Then he stops, his attention caught on something unexpected. Dean follows his eyeline to—oh.
Finally snapping into the present, Cas looks at him sharply. Then nods. Dean stands up and, as deliberately un-provocative as he can, removes his kilt. Cas’s eyes go wide, and he’s staring at Dean in his boxer-briefs as Dean rolls up one of the legs to show off a tattoo high on his right thigh. With Cas still sitting on the futon, it’s right at his eye level, but he still has to tilt his head almost upside down to read it.
Cas pulls back, and Dean catches the feral gleam in his eye for just a heartbeat before he’s being thoroughly, deeply kissed.
. Dean’s stomach wobbles, because that has a really nice ring to it, and he is absolutely putting the cart before the horse here, but with Cas looking at him all soft through his eyelashes in the half-light of their living room, it’s really hard not to.
It barely takes more than a few quick ruts, a flick of Dean’s tongue, and a long, hard swallow before Cas is breaking apart above him, spilling down his throat. Dean opens wide, letting himself be filled, catching everything Cas is willing to give him.
“Coffee?” she murmurs, and then blinks some light back into her eyes. “Oooh! From the new place next door! I think the sign said they’re open!”
“Omegas. Your time has come,” Missouri intones to a great rattling of beads and bone. With fast-racing heart and sweat on his brow, a tight grip on the pommel of his blade, Dean finds his footing on the edge of the forest. He scans the tree trunks, peers as far as he can through them. It's not far. He feels his muscles coil, ready to spring.
Cas doesn’t stop. Cas seems to have abandoned all propriety, if he even bothered with it in the first place. A steady series of panting groans echoes off the walls, a long, drawn-out melody over the quick-tempoed
Castiel rises from the blankets like Neptune from the sea, with a poor sense of gravity outside of his natural habitat, stumbling on legs that really want him to just stay in his nest and wait for his alpha. He nearly trips on Dean’s discarded jeans as he wanders through the hallways of his brand new house, following the scent to a kitchen he’s seen more in listing photos than in person.
Dean actually looks a little worried when Cas returns to the living room. "What, you—you really don't like Star Wars?"
“I guess I wanted to — I dunno. Do it right, maybe. Make up for that. And I just didn’t want anyone else to be sad at a wedding.”
Cas presses a kiss to the dip of Dean’s sternum. “Only if you promise the same,” he says. “I don’t want to lose you either.”
He’d wanted to put his pain into a piece of art he could be proud of. It’s small, but it carries so much meaning, especially given the artist.
And then he feels the hot, solid swell of Cas’s knot starting to catch on his rim. “Oh, sweet Jesus, yes —” he moans, and Cas is whining, panting helpless moans and grunts above him, his weight still pinning Dean to the bed. His thrusts get faster, erratic, punching deeper and that knot catching over and over inside Dean’s grip until he —
On the other side of the mattress, Dean is a warm, slumbering weight, his breathing peaceful with just the barest raw edge of a snore. He’d rolled over at some point and is now half on his belly, blankets twisted around his hips; Castiel burns with the urge to wrap himself around this beautiful man, to nestle up behind him, bury his nose in his hair, tuck their knees together. They would fit like puzzle pieces. He wants to press Dean’s body tight to all the cracks in his armor, stop the pain from pouring through.
Dean stiffens. He’d just managed to slide the key into the lock. Against his better judgement, he turns.
His straight-legged drop is a lot less graceful, but it gets him in the water without breaking anything. After a few moments of blind terror, instincts kick in and he propels himself to the surface with water streaming out of his hair into his eyes, his nose. Once he’s sure he’s breathing air again, the adrenaline slings from terror into pure exhilaration.
a turn-on, dammit. Cas is going to develop some sort of kink at this rate. Still, he finds himself opening his nose to try and catch a scent of him, but all he smells is breakfast.
They were waiting until they both presented to “go all the way.” They fantasised that it would happen at the same time for both of them, that they would mate for life during their first heat and rut. They played at scent marking, with their simple childhood scents of home and family, nuzzling against one another's hands and shoulders and cheeks, daring to go as far as the ear in a flirting, blushing game of chicken that left them both so ready. They were ready.
They breathe that way. Cas doesn’t know how it can be so overwhelming to simply breathe with another person. Little touches—the tips of their noses, eyelashes on a cheekbone—become momentous.
“Great. Shake it out, everybody. Get ready for Warrior One.” Castiel understood the first half of that, so he rolls his neck and his complaining wrists and tries not to feel like an overworked pretzel. “I’ll be coming around to lend a hand, so you guys just get yourselves set up, and I’ll be there in a moment.”
His lip tingles when he takes his teeth off it. “I f-fucking love your knot, Cas,” he says in a rush. “And I want it — I want it in rut. I wanna feel you all huge and —
“Did you get him to calm down? I’m impressed,” Castiel says from where he’s laying on his back, arms and legs lax and splayed like a squashed toad. “I think he misses Anna.”
“How’s it feel?” Dean asks. “Different from on your own? Smells different,” he says with a sniff. Cas’s scent is all cedar and sandalwood now, underlaid with lavender and wax and lingering orange blossoms. None of the sourness he’d always come home with after ruts at the hotel. Dean likes it much better this way.
Cas has been playing at a life he doesn’t belong to. In a few weeks he’ll be back to showering at the gym, living out of his van, getting high to block out the shit-basket of a usual life. And Dean will still be here, in his ivory tower, and maybe he’ll think fondly of the first guy he slept with, the guy who pushed him off the gay cliff. Maybe he’ll reminisce with a future boyfriend—someone with a stable career and perfect hair—about the weirdo who took care of his neighbor’s cats that one time, and they’ll laugh and kiss and feel connected while Cas is probably getting frostbite in a ditch somewhere—
“It’s fine,” two voices say at once, Castiel’s and the gorgeous guy. They make eye contact—and a zing runs through him, sets his pulse pounding. Cas has to look away. He doesn’t have time for this.
It’s true that betas don’t experience estrus cycles. And it’s true that Castiel spent his teenage years waiting for a knot to pop at the base of his cock or to feel himself dripping slick, neither of which has ever happened. But Castiel has spent the last several Saturdays tormented by smokey patchouli and blooming lavender. It lingers even after his shower; it taunts him through dinner; it consumes his senses at night when he thrusts into the tunnel of his fingers, trying not to think about toned limbs and tan skin peppered with tattoos and scars, pink lips and green eyes and—
“You should,” Cas growls, still tugging at his jeans, struggling against the torture of their twisted cling. It feels claustrophobic, suffocating. “I pulled you in here against your will while unaware of my actions. I’m no better than Alistair.”
Dean swallows again, hard, then he’s pulling at Cas with his eyes screwed shut, pulling him into his lap to settle with a knee on either side of Dean’s thighs. Cas is expecting more kisses, but Dean bends his head down to press his face into Cas’s collarbone. He’s breathing hard; Cas can feel the racing of his heart where he’s pressed in tight.
Cas’s eyes fly open, a mutinous look on his flushed face, but then he notices the cat. When he turns that expression of utter betrayal on TimTam, the cat leans in to sniff at Cas’s nose and even give a single raspy lick before Cas squirms out of reach.
“It’s—possibly a high percentage.” Heat climbs up Castiel’s neck, but he stands his ground, chin high.
He doesn’t have a soulmate. That’s what everyone always said that scribble meant, that he was alone and always would be. It means that he’s so broken, no other soul in the world will ever fit with his jagged edges.
“How, Cas? How? Does he have a warrant? Some legitimate claim on the money? He can’t take your education from you, that’s for damn sure.”
Cas doesn’t look amused. “Careful,” he says, sipping on a bottle of water that’s not even trying to be a wineskin. “We're about to be tied together and told to run an obstacle course. Do you know how easy it would be to run you into one of those barrels?”
whether made of his flesh or not. Elation cascades through him like a pure, healing light as they cling together, each tighter than the other. If Cas’s collarbone is damp under Dean’s eyes, well. No one else has to know that.
Some time later, as they lay on top of the screwed-up blankets with sweat and come cooling on their skin, heartbeats ticking down and pleasure still zinging through their blood, their bliss is broken by a soft scratch, a plaintive meowl.
“Why not?” Dean leans back to look at this amazing man. “I mean, I don’t know technicalities, but that sounded pretty good.”
“I don’t think so,” Cas says. “I have the phone on the pillow and both hands free, and I still can’t reach my cock very well.”
“Then what the—” Dean bites his tongue. No. He’s not going to be that pathetic. “Fine. Have a nice life, Castiel.” And with that, he turns his back and marches toward his front door. God forsaken keys, why did he have to lock his door, and why are his hands shaking like this—
“Then that’s what matters. Believe it or not, Cas, this is — this is part of why I love you. I didn’t expect you to want this either, but —” He pauses to twist the knot a little and to let Cas quiver and tremble his way through an orgasm. “But I’m really glad you do,” he says with a grin.
Cas can’t keep his hands to himself. He explores Dean’s body with warm palms and harvest-rough fingers, skimming from his hips to his shoulders, back down to his knees — then up between them. Dean sucks in air and lets his thighs be parted, lets his mate sink down between them.
They stay like that for a long moment. Castiel doesn’t want to pull away, even when breathing the same air as Dean starts to make his head spin. Even when the stroke of Dean’s thumb over his cheekbone starts to spread a whole different kind of goosebumps down his spine.
Cas smiles, a little sheepishly. “Yeah, sorry. I’m not exactly a morning person. So. I make strong coffee.”
Castiel nods. “With the exception of my occasional retreats—which are an entirely different variety of drugs, by the way—the only habits I retain are cannabis and promiscuous sex.”
Cas hums, thoughtful. “I don’t know what I would get,” he says. It’s a lie, but he doesn’t quite feel like sharing just yet.
As his employees scatter back to their respective tasks, buzzing with chatter, Dean catches sight of a familiar dark-haired head at the back of the shop, and his stomach does a funny little jump. Blue eyes lock on his, and Cas gives him a small, private smile.
Cas laps at the hollow at the base of Dean’s throat, his tongue a damp rasp, and Dean shivers all over. “We could. Do you want to?”
“Hello, Inias,” Castiel says, and shuffles half a step closer to Dean. Inias’s eyes flick back and forth between them, catching the drift.
“That’s not what I—” But Castiel has already turned to exit the kitchen, opening the wrapper with a passive-aggressive
Anyway. The trouble is not with TimTam. He never starts anything. The trouble is that they now have a split in their furry family. Melody, Meringue, LaRue, and Peaches all welcome TimTam with open paws. But Mango never warms up to him, and Tyrion and Simon follow his lead, hissing and growling whenever he’s near, bullying him away from food dishes, and taking the occasional swat if they aren’t separated in time.
That’s the last rep, and Dean helps him get the bar back on the stand. Cas sits up off the weight bench feeling like his arms are about to float away from his body. “What next?” Cas asks, choosing bravado over whimpering
Cas bites his lip and ducks his chin; the bashfulness of the expression throws Dean’s head for a loop. “Promise never to tell a soul?”
“I’m fine,” Dean gasps. He can still flex his fingers, and it will ache, but the bleeding is already slowing, so he’s fine. There’s something more important.
When he finally gets some leverage to nestle his cock into the notch between Cas’s thigh and his groin, Cas hisses and his head snaps up, eyes wide and glowing. Like he’d almost forgotten that he had skin and could do more to his mate than just mark him up. Dean grins up at him, cheeky. “Yeah, come on, alpha,” Dean says, more than a little breathless. “How do you want me?”
Tentatively, slowly, as if unsure of his welcome—justifiably—Castiel brings his fingertips up to brush Dean’s jaw. Dean’s close enough to watch his throat bob in a swallow.
Dean pushes his hands through hair; they tremble finely. “Yeah, Cas—nobody knows, okay? But seriously, how?”
Cas just grunts as the box lands heavily by the bedroom door. Dean peers down the hallway to where Cas is bent over the box. He’s ditched the suit for the day in favor of a pair of old, soft-looking jeans and a loose T-shirt. Dean can already smell the sandalwood sweat rising from him and tries not to breathe too deep. Not because it’s unpleasant. The opposite of that, actually.
With a final grunt, Dean completes the tricky maneuver of trying to pull his underwear up over sandy, not-quite-dry legs in the cramped back seat of his car. “No, I do not, just—keep your shirt on.”
Alistair takes up more space in the room than it seems like he should, standing too close to the desk with his chest puffed out. Dean tries not to inhale too much of his oil-and-vinegar scent.  “It’s about that new kid you hired. Jo.”
“Was,” Dean says, rolling his sleeve back down. “I mean, Sam ’n’ I are still close, obviously. But our folks—they passed.”
“Uh. Just Lisa.” Dangerous, dangerous ground. Thin ice. Dean gets up again and starts back toward the kitchen with the vague intent to wash the pan.
Adler waves a hand. “I just thought I’d stop by for a chat, but I’ll leave you to it.” He gets to his feet and flashes a grin with far too many teeth and absolutely no light in his eyes. “I’m sure you have a lot to catch up on.”
Dean lets his fingers run along the table and grins, remembering when the sweets were the main attraction of the evening. Rich dark chocolates, apples swathed in creamy caramel, boiled toffees, chewy salt-water taffy… okay, they’re still tempting, even if he has other things on his mind tonight. He pops a chocolate in his mouth, chewing slowly while he mingles and breathes in the crisp Samhain air.
Silence falls between them; all Castiel hears is the buzzing of the fridge. Or maybe that’s his own nerves fraying. Dean just purses his too-pink, too-full lips and hums.
Dean’s starting to get the shape of things, and every bone in his body aches for Cas. He wants to take him in his arms, protect him, let him heal. He at least wants to offer words of comfort, but he knows better than most how useless those usually are.
Alistair touches a finger to his lip. It’s not really bleeding, but it’s probably going to bruise. “You snot-assed little cunt,” Alistair growls. And as he makes one abortive move toward Jo, Dean sees red.
Castiel levels a look at him. “Don’t misunderstand me. I am what I am,” he says. “But if our souls can bond, then are we really so different? Don’t you think we could coexist? I have to think that we could. Because otherwise…”
“Yeah, I got a separate room upstairs,” he says with a jerk of his thumb and tries not to think about how sketchy that sounds.
There’s something moving. Something large. Dean’s eyes strain into the black to pick up any glint of starlight, moonlight, anything. A long, knife-edge moment of waiting and then—
“You have no idea,” Castiel says with a haunted expression. “You haven’t seen what he does to our vacuum cleaners.”
Dean is a good man. Castiel is certain that if he expressed interest, Dean would at least make a token effort at—
“Sorry, Sammy!” he calls out. Cas’s chest shakes against Dean’s back, his own laughter quiet and hidden in Dean’s skin.
Dean shrugs. “No one ever bothered to ask if — if I’d scentmark them,” he pauses to gasp as Cas’s kisses dip below his belly button, hand still working his cock in slow pulls.
Cas lets out an animal growl, holds Dean down at the shoulders to drive his cock home over and over, again and again. He pulls against his own knot, grinds deep and dirty, and Dean is a writhing mess, pliant below him. He can feel Cas’s knot swelling larger, harder, with each tug and rut of Cas’s hips, and it presses against all the sweetest spots inside him. With a whine, he reaches for his cock and fists it firm and fast, hitching his legs just a little higher and bearing down, opening, opening.
“Oh, sweetheart,” Dean sighs, pulling back just a little for a better look, careful to keep both hands on him. Cas whimpers and pulls his knees up to expose his cock, his ass, but all Dean can focus on are the soft little rolls of his belly. He is enchanted by them. He leans down and buries his face in the softness, breathing deeply of Cas’s scent and taking joy in his body.
That doesn’t mean he can’t play the game. He pulls Dean deeper, pulls him down, envelopes Dean’s body entirely with his own. His lips find the hot shell of Dean’s ear and he growls, “Fuck me, Alpha.”
Dean clears his throat. “We got plenty of day left, so we’ll take a look around, look for any game trails that’ll take us deeper into the woods. If we find a likely trail, we'll follow it until we strike gold or run out of daylight, whichever comes first. If we have to, we’ll camp out there.”
“I don’t think that’ll be too difficult,” Dean says. Castiel whips his head around to look at him and finds himself looking straight into jade-green eyes that reflect the grass and manicured foliage all around them.
“Sometimes.” He tries not to think about it, because you can’t change that kind of thing, and he’s gotten very good at not thinking about the painful pieces of his past that he can’t do anything about. It’s an alarmingly long list. “I don’t think I really miss her, specifically, anymore, but—the happily ever after thing, y’know? That was kinda nice.”
Cas barely gets his trousers down around his thighs before he’s swallowing Dean’s cock into the heated bliss of his mouth. Dean is very grateful for the stability of the tree at his back; his head thunks against the trunk, and he sees stars as Cas sucks him down, sucks him hard. He sinks his fingers into Cas’s thick, dark hair, gripping and pulling and pushing all at once to get his cock deeper. He can’t help it. He needs. By the breathy little whimpers Cas gets out around him, Cas needs too, and when he fucking
Dean laughs and cups Cas’s cheeks, pulling him down to kiss the pout from his lips. “You can say it now, if you want.”
“Couldn’t you, uh —” Shit, Dean really doesn’t want to ask this question. Doesn’t want to put this idea into Cas’s head. “Why didn’t you just find someone at the party, if you were so hard-up?”
“Shit!” Dean tries blocking him with a foot like he’s a soccer ball, but the little jerk just hops right over, slippery as a snake in a fur coat.
As the bliss of orgasm slowly ebbs, Dean sends up a silent prayer of thanks that he doesn’t have to choose, the one or the other. This or that. Alpha or omega. That he can have both, that he can
While Cas messes with the coffee, Dean considers the pine wood of the kitchen cupboards. The quarterly reports are all turned in. The next audit isn’t until September. He’s all caught up on his ordering and validation requests. Honestly, the only reason he’d be going in would be force of habit. And for lack of anything better to do.
Castiel smiles indulgently. “Alright. Pie.” And with that, he sets his teeth down in their rightful place, bearing down just enough to pull a cry from Dean’s lips. He’s sensitive there, and the resonance of their chemistry sings under Castiel’s tongue. He wants. He
“Nah,” he says. “Me ‘n’ Sam were still greenhorns when we took on our first wendigo. We can handle ‘em.” He pulls open the car door, and they slide in in unison. Cas is still watching him closely, and Dean feels laser-pierced, like Cas is scanning him down to the cellular level. He fidgets, fumbles his keys, has to bend down to pick them up and honks the Impala’s horn with his shoulder. “Son of a—”
He remembers warm, sunlit days in their backyard, daydreaming of what they’d do when they grew up. He remembers the way her hair flew around her face, and how she’d cringe later as they brushed it, painstakingly. He remembers her dreams, modest, but as certain as mountains, unlike his own lofty aspirations that changed with the weather. (Why bother setting reasonable goals when the idea of living to attain them at all seems so unrealistic?)
“Oh,” Cas says around a bite of his omelette. “I spoke with the waitress at the diner about the disappearances.”
“Nah,” Dean says, stepping close enough that Cas has to drop the pillows he was picking up. “I gotta let go sometime. And, I dunno.” He picks up Castiel’s hand, playing with his fingers. “Maybe I just found somethin’ of my own.”
Both creatures shriek, one in pain and one in anger, as Dean’s target crisps and ignites. It staggers back, but the other one has recovered and is pinwheeling wildly toward Dean, shoving its partner to the ground before launching at Dean with its claws.
Cas just shakes his head and waves a hand. Dean can’t keep the grin off his face as the Impala eats up the road.
Cas’s glare is withering, thorns around a tender vine. “I am not homeless. I said I have my van. And I don’t need your judgement.”
Heat creeps up to Dean’s ears, either from embarrassment or—something else, he’s not sure. “You have got to stop calling me that,” he says.
Dean steps across the threshold and Cas closes the door behind him. “So where is this shindig?” Dean asks. “Did you want to take your car?”
Dean shrugs. “What good would that do? They’ll just go be assholes somewhere else, and I’d be out two skilled hands. It’s fine.”
Rejection is a biting sting, and Castiel moves himself back, though it feels like pulling against gravity. Every part of him that was touching Dean feels cold in his absence.
When Sam presents as alpha, Dean goes out to the car in the driving rain to avoid the stink. The rear door doesn’t quite open at the right angle, and the back seat is dusty and smells a little like mildew, but it’s the same leather he’s always known. He lies there for most of an afternoon, listening to the rain drumming on the roof.
Damn. Even through the door, Dean’s smile is contagious. “No. Just another full-grown cat from the shelter.”
His one-and-only other employee flicks her ponytail over her shoulder and hefts a box onto the counter. “Don't you get yourself all in a tizzy,” says Donna. “They said five-ish.”
“Oh.” Something in Castiel sinks down, settles in the pit of his stomach. He’s not sure if it’s relief or shame.
“You’re homeless?” It’s a gut reaction that Dean’s not proud of, a little too loud, and he wants to roll it back down his throat the moment it comes out. “Sorry, I just—”
Dean almost-wakes to the whimper of his name in the dead of night, somewhere between very late and very early. Cas’s eyes are the only light in the darkness, and in spite of his burning thighs, aching hips, every muscle screaming for stillness, Dean hauls one leg over Cas’s hips and settles himself down. He’s so slick, so open, he doesn’t even bother with fresh lube. Cas slides in easy, with a sting and a spasm of abused muscles and tender skin, teetering on the edge between pleasure and pain. It does hurt, but Dean still wants. Still needs.
He’s so sweetly hesitant, coy like he really wants Dean to do it but isn’t sure if Dean wants to. Dean lets out a damp little laugh.
Cas is about to open the door when Dean’s voice and a hand on his elbow stops him. “Oh hey, listen—tomorrow.” When Cas looks back, Dean looks worried, almost. “Tomorrow’s Friday. Me and the gang from Ink have been doing a weekly Star Wars night, trying to get through the whole series. You’re welcome to join us, or—I mean, if you still wanna come over to check on TimTam, just be warned that there’s going to be people there.”
plus a few extras. DM me on tumblr or discord (jemariel#3172) if you are interested and we will talk!!
Cas regards him at an angle. “But I’m not a thirteen-year-old boy,” he says. “I’m several billion years old in the body of a man in his early forties.”
“But I—” Cas bites his tongue. “I’m not sorry for my exploits. But I am sorry that hearing them has made you uncomfortable. That won’t happen again either. I promise.”
too deep, to let up if Dean gives the signal. He trusts Castiel implicitly. So he opens up, moans around the invasion, letting it stir the embers of his own arousal.
He ends up climbing into Cas’s lap, legs around his middle with his ass in the bowl of Cas’s crossed legs. This sits Dean’s weight right down on Cas’s mostly hard dick, and Cas bites his lip, breathing hard. Dean grins and settles in with a lot more wiggling than necessary.
As the sun sneaks to the west and the light grows long and gilded, Dean finds what he’s been looking for, even if he didn’t realize it: a wide shoulder off the curve of the road where the trees are sparse and the hill drops away dramatically down to the river. He pulls off to the side and kills the engine; the quiet and sudden stillness are jarring as they climb out of the car and approach the edge of the viewpoint. Dean feels like he could see all the way to the ocean in one direction and all the way up the mountains in the other. The deep teal river below is almost brighter than the sun as it turns into molten gold between the rocks.
Caught on the back foot, Dean tries to send him a question without words. But Cas is a stone wall, face blank as he bends down to collect the pool balls from under the table. “Uh,” he says. “Yeah, sure, sounds great.”
Castiel laughs. He actually laughs, bitter and humorless and right in Dean’s face. “I appreciate the vote of confidence, but look around you. Does this look like the living space of a responsible adult? I don’t know what I was playing at.”
“And to Cas,” Charlie continues after everyone has had a sip. Cas’s head jerks up, eyes blinking wide, and Dean bites down on his smirk. “I haven’t known you as long, but it has been truly awesome getting to know you, and I would like to officially welcome you to the family.”
Cas looks up again with a genuine smile, and the last of the tension he’d brought home with him sloughs off his shoulders. The sweetness of sage in his scent overpowers the sourness, and Dean is glad. Cas kicks his legs out, feet on the coffee table; Dean goes back to his strumming, and Cas sings along, low and rough and perfect.
“Let me check your shoulder,” he says, a little louder than necessary. “Then I’ll call Sam, and we can see if your ‘married wendigo’ theory holds any water.”
“You can, though,” Dean says. “It’s fine.” It truly is. Though the pain is like needles under his skin, it quickens Dean’s blood and sets his hips to squirming.
“I’m surprised you can even walk,” Alistair taunts from two steps behind him, following at a casual pace. “This guy of yours must not be much of an alpha. Not that that’s a surprise. If he’s settling for a beta, clearly he couldn’t get himself a real omega.”
Castiel pushes himself off the bumper of the truck and turns to find that the desk has barely budged. “You sure?”
But what really strikes Castiel low in the gut is not the scattered tattoos and scars from healed-over piercings. It’s the clear, jade-green sparkle of his eyes. It’s the settled, solid square of his shoulders as he approaches with an outstretched hand. It’s the way his palm and fingers fit against Castiel’s, warm and still. Like a grounding wire on an electric current. Castiel blinks and remembers to breathe.
This time he frowns in a direction—toward the deserted reception desk, a long L-shaped affair jutting from the wall. It was where he had stood with Dean to schedule this fool’s errand. He leans over the counter, and when he hears that tiny
“We should go before the rent-a-cops come around,” Cas says, his words buzzing against Dean’s tingling lips.
At first, Dean thinks Cas isn’t even going to look at him. But then he breaks out of whatever trance he’s put himself in and looks down straight into Dean’s eyes. That look pins him in place like a bug under glass. “Hello, Dean,” he says.
Guilt surges up hot from Dean’s gut, like a four-alarm chili burger coming back to haunt him. He smudges a fingertip through the grime on the Impala’s roof. Needs to wash her properly.
“Be careful. Go around saying that, and your faire name will be Justine before you have a chance to object.”
“Where do you want to do it?” Dean asks while Cas is nuzzling under his chin on the couch, the TV on low.
“Dean —” Cas groans, fumbling for the ties of Dean’s trousers, but curling his hands into fists before he gets them open. “Tell me. Please. I need to hear you say —”
“I’ll take care of you, Dean,” Cas promises. He swirls his fingers around the place where they’re joined, coating his fingers with his own slick before traveling farther. Deeper.
Cas shifts so that he can stroke Dean’s cheek with two fingertips, following the line of his blush up to his ears. “It’s okay,” he says. “You don’t have to have it all figured out. Not now, not ever.”
“Yes.” They’ve looped back around to Hadron the Collider again. A group of teenagers with face paint and fairy wings seem to be buying up his supply of Evil Sporks. “I’m surprised she showed. I don’t think Charlie actually intended to invite her.”
His name is Dean Winchester, and he drives a 1967 Chevy Impala. He’s an adjunct professor of physics at the local university, lives in the city, and he’s allergic to shellfish. When Castiel tells him the dress code is formal, he asks if that means a tux, or if “this suit will do,” and sends a picture of himself in a dark blue suit jacket with stylish lapels. His hair is a little less perfectly combed than in the picture he’d sent before, and Castiel would have to lie about how long he stares at the photo.
Cas grimaces. “I think we can agree on that.” He tucks a few beers in the fridge to chill, leaves the rest of the case on the counter, and ambles into the living room area. “May I?” he asks, gesturing at the far end of the sofa.
Dean exhales, and it feels like he hasn’t done that in a while. He pulls his hand out of Cas’s grip and pushes up on his elbows. “Yeah — Oh yeah. Great.”
She gives him a tired smile. “You’re lucky you’re cute,” she says, and walks away without another word. Castiel tries not to watch the sway of her hips; it’s difficult.
“I’m sorry!” she whines after the third time Dean's had to stop because her wriggling almost made him miss his lines. “I didn’t expect it to hurt this bad.”
Dean shrugs. “Just sort of a general ‘people’ smell, mostly. But, um.” Dean sniffs a little deeper. “I can tell an omega came by here a few minutes ago. Probably a woman?”
“It’s a character from a book,” Dean says again, like he’s admitting some great embarrassment, and that’s enough to ping Castiel’s memory.
Claire slides into one of the booths by the window, looking out at the potholed parking lot and cars zooming past on the other side. Cas hovers; Dean hovers harder.
Once Dean has returned with another beer, Cas starts the show. A heavy rock soundtrack fills the silence between them, and Dean relaxes a little, leaning into the couch cushions. The gritty, barely lit cinematography and melodramatic cold open is not exactly Dean’s usual tastes, but it’s not enough to chase him off. They both start out gently mocking the dialogue and the over-the-top acting, but Dean finds himself engaged against his will in the plot of estranged brothers reuniting, in the world unfolding around them.
When Cas’s face falls, Dean immediately feels like a dick. Just because he’s got baggage a mile wide doesn’t give him the right to give Cas the brush-off like that. He’s the whole reason Cas is in this all-too-human mess. The least he can do is give him the time of day.
“I would,” Cas says, coming to stand over him, “but there’s a strange man laying on it. I’m not sure how he got there.”
“Uh, Cas? What’s up?” Dean is worried, hovering close behind and resting questioning fingertips on Castiel’s arm. Castiel moves away. Uncle Marv has opened his mouth, and Castiel tries to listen through the static in his ears.
Slowly, they disengage, clean up as best they can. They bow to the realities of the cold hard ground and put on some pants, Dean digging out some extra jeans for Cas and praying that they fit (they do, unfairly well). Then situate themselves chest-to-back against the log, facing the little campfire with Cas’s wings back around him.
Dean’s brain can’t decide if it’s whirling or grinding to a halt. It’s not getting anywhere, either way. “He—what?”
With a grudging grumble, Cas lets him go, unzips his jeans and shoves them down his thighs, boxers and all. Dean helps, pulling them over his knees and down off his feet, and that beautiful cock stands up between them. Dean’s debating the merits of getting back in his lap versus dropping to his knees in front of him, but then—
“Where’s your boyfriend?” Sam asks out of the corner of his mouth after a solid ten minutes of loitering.
The warmth of the day fades as the sun westers behind the mountaintops, and Dean is glad for the heat of the fire. Sunset’s getting close. The butterflies in his belly are winging up a frenzy.
Cas sets down his water glass, takes the plate from Dean’s hands and puts it on the counter before sliding in close to Dean. Close enough to watch his pupils dilate, to smell the good, clean, masculine scent of his sweat. To hear the soft pop when his lips open in anticipation.
Cas swallows against the hammering of his pulse in his throat, startling a little when he sees the waitress coming back over. Don’t stare at her chest, he reminds himself firmly, forcing his gaze up to her face.
“Yes, you very clearly are.” Castiel sets his coffee down on the counter and presses into Dean’s space, chin first. “You can live your life however you want, Dean, but don’t pretend you know anything about how I live mine. You should show me some respect.”
In his sweet sixteen heart, Dean was certain that they would be together forever. She would be his beautiful omega, and he her strong alpha, and they would have a fairytale wedding and a beautiful family and live happily ever after. Not that he ever told anybody any of this. Sam knew, but Sam knew everything. To his friends, he just wanted to get laid. He barely mentioned her to his father. But Dean was smitten with Cassie, and she looked at him like the moon looks at the sun.
He tries to calm himself and keep his thoughts from racing in circles. It’s just dinner. Probably nothing will happen. They’ll just be friendly the way they have been since Cas moved in — nothing more, nothing less — and then they’ll go back home and never speak of it again and go back to being roommates.
“Well, uh. It looks — great,” Dean says, haltingly. They’re at his door now, and Cas is leaning on him more firmly than ever, breathing into the shell of Dean’s ear. As Dean pushes the door open and pulls his friend inside, he feels Cas nuzzling behind his ear and sucks in a breath.
Slowly, surely, Cas’s hand slides up Dean’s chest, making room for a breath as it lightens up on his sternum, then driving it right back out of his lungs as his fingertips find the top of Dean’s collar, tracing the skin there. Up and over Dean’s neck to his ear, down his scruffy jaw to his chin, skipping his lips to tap the tip of his nose twice.
Dean just scratches at the rune at his nape. Since it burned its way through his skin at fifteen, the soulbrand has sat docile and quiet. Now it’s burning and itching like it were newly risen.
Grinning, Dean positions himself over Cas’s cock, the head just barely pressing. Cas has his eyes closed and his lips open, a beatific expression of awe.
“You —” Cas starts, then swallows. “I’ve been wanting to see you for so long.” Cas drags his hands down Dean’s flanks, his hips, his thighs. “You’re so beautiful.” Then he bends his head to press a kiss to Dean’s chest, on the flat hollow of his sternum, and Dean wraps his arms around Cas’s head and shoulders to hold him there for a second while the feeling overwhelms him.
The first one who makes an impression on him is a spirited fluffball the color of a creamsicle called Mango. Mango takes his position of Official Toe Bean Greeter very seriously, with bright, sky-blue eyes and a trilling “Mrrow” for every customer. It’s cute. It’s downright adorable, actually.
“Hey, if you don’t have your own flavor, store bought is fine,” Dean says, and then, for some bizarre reason that Castiel cannot comprehend, he bursts into giggles so bad he has to set the shaker down and lean on his elbows on the counter. Cas watches, bemused, head tilting further and further to one side until the laughter becomes too ridiculous not to join in.
Cas doesn’t say anything, but he lowers his chin, and even though he’s not the target, Dean can feel the power of that wide, guileless stare. Claire withstands it a whole twenty seconds before she cracks, dropping a weight from her shoulders on a sigh. “She’s getting worse. She thinks I’m a home intruder half the time and my mom the other half. She keeps saying shit about my dad, and—” her voice warbles; tears tremble on her lashes and she snaps herself at them, clenching her jaw and scrubbing at her cheeks with the sleeves of her flannel. “It’s all bullshit. And, I mean, whatever, I barely remember the guy. But when she gets going on Kaia—” Her shoulders hunch up around her ears, and there’s a mutinous glint behind the shine of tears.
“There’s something —” Cas tries to pull away, but his nose is drawn back to Dean’s neck like a magnet, and he doesn’t try too hard to fight it. “I want to say something before I — while I still can.” He takes a few deep inhalations before he speaks again. “I should have told you weeks ago. And maybe it’s obvious, but even so, if you don’t — I don’t expect you to say anything back —”
Cas jumps back to reality. “Oh. I. I brought you a towel,” he says, and sure enough, he’s holding out a big white rectangle of terrycloth, identical to the one slung around his own hips.
“You’re right. You want hot sauce.” He brings over a bottle of Tobasco and sets the lot on the coffee table. Cas’s eyes go round and his nostrils flare as the scent of hot cheese and carbs hit his brain. “Careful, the plate’s hot.”
“After that, I just—I couldn’t. I had to get out. Changed schools to somewhere where no one knew me. Didn’t talk to anybody from Pacific until Charlie found me. And after that, it was just… just easier. I got the job at Sandover, I bought the duplex. Got myself all settled into this life, and there just wasn’t any room in it for”—he gestures at the two of them.
“Don’t,” Cas interrupts, voice gone soft and small. His knees twitch up and he wraps both arms around them.
One corner of Dean’s mouth quirks up. “Yeah, I’m not going anywhere,” he says. Then he goes into Cas’s welcoming arms, lets himself be wrapped up in Cas’s warm, sticky-skinned embrace.
to do anything more than push against each other wherever feels good. Cas’s cheeks are flushed bright pink, his face a startled O, his breathing picking up with every roll of Dean’s hips. “Is this—?” he starts to ask.
The crack of his skull on metal rings in his ears, blinding him temporarily. He swears a blue streak and can vaguely hear Sam either apologizing or laughing on the other side of it. Or both. Probably both.
“No, I mean—” Dean drops his head and continues in the low tones humans often use when discussing uncomfortable topics. “Jerking off, Cas. Are you taking care of yourself?”
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean breathes against his collarbone. Cas answers with a firm roll of his hips and a skittering skate of one hand up and down Dean’s chest and belly, over and over, while he purrs deep rumbles against his neck.
“Roger that,” Sam says, then dons some gloves and starts swabbing Castiel’s right ear with something cold and certainly sanitizing. Then, as he’s marking his entry point with a purple pen, “Hey, can I ask you something?”
—and then there’s weight in his hands again. He barely feels like he’s lifting at all, which, maybe he’s not. Maybe it’s an illusion and Dean’s just dragging the thing all by himself.
Cas’s lungs leap into his mouth. It’s a stupid reaction. “Hm,” he says, pretending to think. “I don’t know. I’ll have to check against my calendar full of cannabis consumption and watching Netflix by myself.”
Dean’s eyes have gone round. “How long do you think he’ll be here?” he asks, his voice a little strangled.
The sunlight is starting to angle long and low by the time they can spare some energy to move Castiel’s mattress upstairs. They don’t bother to get dressed to accomplish this task, but in the act of gathering all the bedding and clothing to move Operation Castiel’s Heat upstairs to their proper nest, Dean takes a second to check his phone. And his face bursts into a wide grin.
That white-teeth smile comes back, now with a wink that’s at least 50% flirtatious. “For you? On the house. Literally.”
Cas glares down at Dean’s smirk and has to twist his fingers in the sheets to stop himself from grabbing Dean by the hair and pushing his cock between those plush, shining lips. “I’m going to pretend I didn’t hear that,” he says, trying to relax into the pillows and just enjoy.
Sure enough, he spies Charlie curled up in one of the squashy armchairs before he even enters the shop. She’s got a half-full pot of tea in front of her and both Melody and Meringue curled up around her thighs, and she’s happy as a clam, sketching on her tablet. Jody is leaning on the counter in close conversation with Donna, and Dean does a double-take at their body language. Well, if that isn’t an interesting development.
Cas dips his head to the side, considering. “Human memory is notoriously fallible. Especially after trauma.”
Castiel grabs Marv’s coat by the shoulder and not-so-gently shoves him out the exit, cutting off his fuming protests with a closed door in his face and a decisive
“Then he’s like a geriatric old dog who’s already lost them all,” Dean says, taking the clipboard and using it to whack Sam in the arm. “Don’t scare off our neighbor,” he says, then takes a seat at a desk with an aging computer and a sea of papers cascading over its surface.
When Dean looks up, Cas is watching him with wide eyes, pink tongue licking a dew of sweat from his upper lip. Dean winks, cheeky, and opens his mouth to take Cas in down to the knot. Cas cries out and his hips surge up. His cock fills up Dean’s mouth and presses softly down his throat; against his lips Dean feels his knot flare and he  inhales a concentrated burst of Cas-scent. Even though he’s spent, Dean feels heat rushing through his belly and limbs because
“No, I—I do—I want to.” It’s bizarre admitting it out loud, like jumping out of an airplane. “I just.” He sucks in air. There’s a lot he could say right now, but Sam doesn’t need to know most of it, and he’s not sure he would actually be able to force it all past his lips. He’s gotten very good at pushing it down. “It’s hard,” he says eventually.
Dean’s ready for a polite refusal or something noncommittal, but Castiel nods and steps closer. Close enough that Dean catches the edge of his scent. Cedar. Sage. He breathes in deeper. Sandalwood. Just an afterthought of dark citrus. Unmated alpha.
There had been one time—exactly one time—in the early days, when he’d let himself think about it. It hadn’t even been on purpose. He’d just—he was watching this porn (gay porn, because whatever, he was in the mood) and the bottom—this guy had looked
In his heaving chest, in his rushing blood, Dean can feel the wildness of his own spirit clearer than ever before. He wants to run. He wants to hunt. He wants —
Dean’s hackles rise. “Are you gonna let this go?” he asks. “I’ve said, like, five words to the guy. You’re usually not this sophomoric.”
As the voice of the GPS informs them that their destination is in one mile, Dean breaks the silence to say, “We should probably work out a few details.”
Castiel scrubs his face with his hands, blowing air between his palms. “My therapy cat,” he says, voice muffled. “A certified companion animal. I’d had her since I was nine years old, and she’s the only reason I survived high school.”
As he towels off, a weird kind of anticipation buzzes under his skin. Ripples of his pleasure linger as he slips into soft, balloony pants. Usually,  orgasm just leaves him feeling sated, but today he feels energized, like he’s plugged into some live circuit. The feeling follows him down the stairs and through the motions of starting coffee for the morning.
Dutifully, Cas puts down the brochure and digs out his phone. Dean relaxes into the road noise and the familiar dance of highway traffic for a few minutes, tuning out their brief conversation and tapping his fingers to the low grind of Kashmir.
He looks Castiel dead in the eye, flicks his tongue out to dampen his pink, plush lips, and asks, “Mind if I touch you?”
Dean dissolves into helpless giggles, his ribs shaking. “I have no idea where those power bars ended up,” he confesses. Cas just shrugs with a hum like he’s already forgotten about it.
“Alright, alright, alright, back to your mats,” he grouses, waving off the cluster of people around him. His face feels like it’s on fire. “Let’s do some damn yoga, okay?”
There’s a small silence, and Dean can still hear the guy in the video going to town. He almost tells Cas to pause the damn thing, but then he’s speaking again. “Nothing that I could retrieve without leaving the room, no.”
“To leave.” He shifts and clears his throat. “Call it instinct or whatever, but I just, I dunno. I don’t wanna leave you.”
Dean snorts. “You don’t gotta be so formal about it, sheesh. Come on. We’ll get you booked.” He turns toward the hallway, not bothering to check if Cas is following, and steels himself with a tight breath. This is a bad idea. This is such a bad idea.
Cas grins a cockiness he only halfway feels. “I’m going to have to get naked to leave here anyway,” he says, and leans back on his elbows, showing off. Watching Dean’s wide-round eyes sweep down over his chest and stomach, his spread thighs. There’s heat to his gaze, to the twitch of his lips, and Cas widens his knees a little further just because he feels like it.
“But we’re married. Officially.” Cas’s arm tightens at Dean’s waist, and yeah, okay, he can live with the stupid name.
“I—” Cas’s voice is strange, tight. “If you let me, I will mark you, Dean. I will claim you. This isn’t—” Dean cranes his neck around to meet Cas’s eye. He looks nervous as hell. “This isn’t how human soulbonds work. Please don’t appease me out of a sense of duty.”
“Oh for fuck’s sake, will you both sit down?” Claire moans, leaning against the window in an artful slouch. “You look like creepers just standing there.”
It’s slow going, picking his footing with care under the ferns and over crumbling logs; gossamer spider webs cling to his face and hands. Much as he brushes them away, he can’t shake the feeling that the webs’ inhabitants are crawling all over him.
Dean makes a dismissive noise at Sam’s bluster. “Whatever. Doesn’t matter how tall you get, squirt; you’re still my little brother.” To prove his point, and maybe in hopes of a sibling tussle to relieve some tension, Dean lunges with one arm to get Sam into a headlock.
Dean has always loved having a cock in his mouth. The weight, the scent, the taste, the pressure against his throat. Cas hesitates from thrusting too deep — though really, Dean wouldn’t mind — sticking to shallow rocking that rubs the pronounced head over and over Dean’s tongue. Dean swirls and suckles, plays with gently biting down and gets Cas’s hips stuttering and a high whine in response and a burst of precome that tastes like Cas smells and hits Dean right between the eyes with
Once he’s safely behind the curtain with the hot, massaging spray pounding on his shoulders, Dean finally lets himself unclench the outer layer of his iron-hard control.
“No one’s ever —” he starts to say, but then he can’t keep himself from kissing Cas again. “I haven’t —”
“A friend of mine has been bugging me for years to watch this show. There are fifteen seasons, Dean. I need a binging buddy.”
“I see.” There’s a pause; Dean strains his ears to catch the heaviness of his breathing, the rustle of his sheets. And then, “Was it enjoyable?”
As the gold of sunrise streaks across the sky, brimming over the eaves and sparkling at the tops of the Toe Bean’s windows, Castiel is filled with a tingling sensation of
Castiel snorts, but there’s more of a laugh to it than usual. “I should probably tell you that I was very intoxicated when I wrote that post.”
“You should go to them,” Cas says. The thought of Dean leaving him right now puts a lump in his throat, but he won’t come between Dean and his family.
“Awesome.” Dean tries, he really tries to tamp down on his ridiculous grin. It doesn’t work very well. He turns to set down his sketchbook on the table, then comes back to help Cas with his pile of textbooks and notebooks once he's more or less got his face under control.
Cas just thunks his head back and wriggles his shoulders against the seat. It’s a warm day, one of the last warm days of summer. Dean’s got the windows down and the music loud as they roll past emerald pastures, fields of rust-colored sorghum, and corn so tall it makes a green tunnel for the road, all dotted with bright yellow sunflowers on the shoulders. It should be perfect. Except Cas’s mood has gone from fine to desultory to downright sour over the course of their “scenic” drive, and Dean’s starting to wonder if Cas wouldn’t be better off just going off on his own rather than being cooped up in the bunker with him and Sam. Maybe he should just go explore humanity the old fashioned way because everything Dean tries just goes wrong.
“—And that there is another beautiful, more worthy specimen of manhood on your arm now, sleeping in your bed, making you happy in ways he could never dream of!”
“Looks like you made a friend,” Dean says. It sounds sort of strained; Cas tucks that away to wonder about later. Right now, he’s focused on the blissed-out feline currently resuming her pavement dust bath, now with added belly rubs.
Nothing for it. Dean rolls out of the bed, still smiling at all the new and fascinating ways in which his body aches. It’s like the pain of a good workout, but a hell of a lot more fun.
Castiel buys time with a tired sigh, trying to remember if it’s been long enough since his last “rut” that he can use that as an excuse. It hasn’t. The truth it must be, then. “Actually, I’m halfway through
“I wanted to be a lion tamer. Among other things.” He says it quiet and bashful, dropping his chin when Dean goes to switch colors again.
While the happy couple sway and swing to Fly Me To The Moon, Castiel concentrates on the lights sparkling off the beading and jewels of Anael’s dress. He focuses on that so that he doesn’t glance at Dean, doesn’t notice the same lights shining in his eyes. He can’t help but feel the heat between them though, where their arms don’t quite brush. He holds on tightly to the stem of his Manhattan and tries to figure out the least awkward place for his other hand. When he goes to put it in his pocket, his elbow brushes Dean’s and even that tiny contact is enough to send his heart racing. He moves away from it.
The breaking inside slows, but rage boils up through the cracks, and he fights the urge to rip up the dossiers. “I thought you’d know a bribe when you saw one,” he mutters, dark through tight lips. “Fucking alpha meddling. Messing everything up, and I don’t even get a say? We were all going to do this
“Cas, no, that’s—” Dean sighs, swiping a hand over his face and leaning against the map table. He looks like a puppet with the strings suddenly cut, all the tension zapping out of him to the floor. “You can ask. Okay? You can always ask. You’re new at this, I know, I just—” He stops, and his gaze sweeps up and down Cas’s form once, twice, carrying with it an inexplicable wave of heat. Cas’s skin prickles under his clothing. “I don’t know how you want me to help with this, exactly.”
Trying not to think too hard about it—or at all—Dean steps through the clacking strings of wooden beads and into what can only be the orgy room. It’s wall-to-wall mattresses and futons, covered in sheets and throw blankets in a dizzying array of colors from blood red to turquoise. There are a few scattered bodies—a couple in their underwear wrapped around each other in the corner, quietly talking—but no one is actually doing anything untoward at the moment.
It stings like a lie, though Dean can’t pinpoint exactly what’s false about it. “Bullshit,” he says anyway.
There’s a long, still stretch of silence, the kind of silence you only get past the witching hour. As it stretches paper-thin, Cas sits up a little straighter and clears his throat, flicking some dried blood off the torn edge of the hoodie. Dean doesn't even tell him to stop being gross. Not until he takes the hoodie by the shoulders and shakes it out.
“No, no, no — you got one and it’s — I dunno, blacker black or, somethin’. Anyway you’re not allowed to burn that one.”
Stillness is strange; Dean shivers with cooling sweat as the high priestess, Missouri, climbs the prominent rock jutting out of the ground near the bonfire. She is unmasked, as are her apprentices, and the assembled tribes fall silent as she spreads her arms in welcome.
“But I was equally stimulated by the men I discovered last night.” They hadn’t merely been instructional, although he had had some success mimicking their techniques. He had been able to lose himself in—he supposed it was a fantasy, this
Cas stares at him for a long, long moment. Then he seizes down on the knotted toy inside him, lets the pleasure wash over him with his head thrown back and a beatific smile. Dean pulls him close, inhales deeply of their shared scent, smiles against the puffy red bite on Cas’s shoulder.
“Active blocker,” Dean explains, stuffing the tube back in his pocket and standing up straighter. “It’s a new thing, any time you’re an alpha entering an omega’s home for professional reasons. Industry standard.”
“Dean,” Cas groans over him. “Dean—oh—” His thrusts get impossibly harder, tighter, deeper, hips slapping into Dean’s asscheeks, and then he’s coming as deep as he can fucking get in Dean’s ass, a hand on Dean’s shoulder and a hand on his hip and his breath panting hot on the back of Dean’s neck.
He thinks about Dean’s hands, the way they’d pinned him to the mat. He thinks about Dean’s shoulders and chest in a grimy T-shirt, Dean’s ass in sweatpants.
Castiel's smile keeps getting broader, and he opens his mouth with some follow-up, but whatever it is, it’s cut off by a loud trumpeting and a rattling of reeds as the great bonfire goes up in flames.
New dents in the fender, dings in the side paneling. A tail light smashed. Why not beat it up when it’s already broken?
It seems to last an eternity, and yet it’s too soon when Dean pulls back. Castiel chases him, aching for that sweetness, the breathtaking pressure of Dean’s mouth. He learns the brand new shape of Dean’s lips with his own, the scent of him, the little half-voiced breathy sounds he makes as they move together. He learns the ways Dean speaks without words, and tries his best to answer in kind.
Sinking down on the edge of the tub, Castiel rakes his fingers through his hair—greasy, like the rest of him—and scrubs at the ache under his scalp. He’s been a fool. What on earth was he thinking? That he could just have Dean like that—eyes glassy with pleasure, lips begging to be kissed, skin flushed and glowing, a vision of desire blooming below him—and expect to give him up gracefully?
After a second, Cas pulls back and asks in the hot, fuzzy space between their lips, “Which room is yours?”
That gets Dean grinning again, and it’s a beautiful sight to behold. “Not a problem. I just hope my allergy meds hold.” He scoops up the litter tray and marches it off to the bathroom; Castiel tries not to watch the way his kilt swings behind his thighs, which has become a constant distraction.
“I didn’t want to make assumptions,” Cas says, and braces himself. “But my feelings for you didn’t manifest out of thin air when I lost my grace.”
But Cas has other plans, apparently. He lays himself back over Dean, giving him a kiss that aches with sweetness as their cocks line up between their hips. All the breath leaves Dean’s body, and he grabs at Cas’s ass with both hands, pulling them flush and pulsing his hips against him, stirring the heat in his blood.
Fall comes earlier in the mountains than on the plains of Kansas. They’ve left high summer and flat grassland, and now they’re driving up through winding roads, purple mountains with only the barest white brush of glaciers. Denver is behind them; now all that stands between them and California sunshine is a wall of mountains cut through with black tarmac. The trees are aspen gold and maple red between the dark spruce green. They drive with the windows down and the music loud, Cas hanging halfway out the window until the air gets too cool. Then they roll up the windows, and Cas huddles closer to Dean’s side. “For warmth,” he says. Dean doesn’t call him on it, just smirks and wraps one arm over his shoulder.
In the end, he stays put, peeling the label of his beer bottle and waiting. He’s swallowing his last stale mouthful when Cas shuffles into the doorway.
Probably. He can’t be certain, because the only thing he sees when he opens the door, the only thing he is capable of registering, is Dean’s thighs.
This gets him an eyeroll and Cas’s shoulders slumping like someone’s snipped his strings. “You could say that, yes.”
When the door opens some time later, he startles awake and becomes newly aware of the dryness of his eyes, his mouth, the ache in every muscle. Jesus, acid takes it out of him.
“Cas thinks we oughtta set up a Twitch stream,” Donna’s saying. “Listen, Deano. I wanted to let you know something.”
“I’m Dean,” he says. “You ever done yoga before?” Dean still has hold of Castiel’s hand, like it’s totally normal to just stand in the middle of a room holding hands. Shaking. Not holding. Shaking. Castiel can only shake his head no, and Dean gives him a smile with just an edge of teeth. “No problem. Not my first virgin. I’ll be gentle.” With an outrageous wink, he finally slips his hand free, and leaves Castiel spluttering as he heads down a short hallway deeper into the studio.
“And why do you think I care? You do what you want, dude, it’s none of my business.” Still no eye contact. In fact, it’s the opposite of eye contact.
He walks Cas to the door, and now that he has what feels like permission, Dean’s hands can’t stay away. They follow Cas like he’s made of magnets, little touches to his lower back, his shoulder, a gentle ruffle of his hair after pointing out how it’s rucked up in the back. That earns him a playful swat and a glare and one wrist caught in the circle of Cas’s strong hand, and for half a second he thinks Cas is going to kiss him again. He’s close, eyes intense as he presses right to the center of Dean’s personal-space bubble. Dean wants to yield to his advance, already open-mouthed. Wants to drag him upstairs instead of letting him walk out the door, even if all they do is fall asleep on each other again.
His nose informs him of what’s in the box before he opens it, but he still waits until he’s peeled open the lid, damp with condensation, and finds a steaming pile of—
He starts to type his stock answer, but given that he’s talking to another beta, suddenly that seems impolite.
Cas just — just smiles up at him, and Dean has to close his eyes and kiss him again or he’s going to start feeling something real stupid.
“Uh-huh.” Dean turns to wash his hands, back stiff. The silence between them lingers, stretches taut.
“I did it!” he whoops, slapping the water. He can see Cas’s head bobbing a few yards away; he’s laughing. Or grinning, at least. “Cas, I did it!”
“I’m going to get you some water,” he says, a hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean nods, eyes closed and complexion sweaty, blotchy.
Cas raises an eyebrow at him, a dark sweep in the just-fading light, and he leans in close. His next words come out as little puffs of air against Dean’s neck. “I thought you didn’t come out here to talk.”
It must be very late when Castiel drifts into consciousness. The curtainless windows are dark, save for the glancing beams of a neighbor’s back porch lamp. There’s a stillness all around, nothing but the faint, distant buzz of electricity and the settling of an old house.
By the time he hears Cas’s footsteps in the hall, Dean has hidden himself behind the open door, lying in wait, just barely able to control his panting and giggling long enough for Cas to move into the middle of the room. “Dean?” he says.
sure of that, anyway. Until he started coming by in the evenings for no other reason than, seemingly, to see Castiel.
When Dean joins Castiel in the warm, dimly lit massage room, he’s face-down on the table, a towel covering the curve of his ass and thick thighs. Dean blinks away from the shadows between them—he can see the edge of dark-colored boxer briefs, so at least he’s not tortured by the idea of Cas
In a single push, Castiel closes what’s left of the distance between their lips. Dean’s breath rushes over his face, the scent of honey billowing up around them and setting Castiel’s blood alight. It’s a dark sweetness, like blackberry stems and juice running down your palm, and when Castiel opens his mouth to taste Dean’s tongue, he can feel the thorns scraping at him. He groans, and Dean grips him tighter.
It rears up, rockets up Cas’s spine, and he cups Dean’s skull with both hands, holding him gently in place as he gets his feet on the bed for leverage. Then thrusts. And Dean
“If it bit me on the ass, it wouldn’t be straight, now, would it?” Dean snarks back. “You’re good to go, buddy.”
Dean shrugs. “Didn’t wait up for you,” he mumbles. Cas’s gaze slides to the dead soldiers on the table, the red hoodie balled up on the back of the chair across from Dean. Then back to Dean. And he raises an eyebrow. Dean rolls his eyes. “Okay, fine, I waited up for you.”
Dean turns off the engine and waits some more. The sun edges west, not quite committing to a long and golden sunset yet, but considering it; Dean turns the car back on long enough to crack the windows and coax in a breeze. It doesn’t help much.
“Only fair that you get one too? Or only fair that I make you suffer this horrible agony you’ve put me in?”
,” Cas barks as the cool night air hits them in the face. He wrenches away and stumbles toward the Impala.
But the memory hurts, too, the lingering sting of humiliation. There he was, stripping his dick in time with the sinuous, sinful rolls of Cas’s look-alike’s gorgeous body, and he must have thought about Cas a little
All quiet on that front. Kevin had been in crisis earlier in the week over college admissions but seems to be back on track; Krissy is bravely holding it together for her little clutch of newly emancipated housemates; Alex is still a hard knot of anger and pain that he won’t be unraveling this particular Friday afternoon. He hasn’t heard from Claire, but no news is good news there.
When it’s over, he sags into the pillow, drained and content with Dean’s warm presence between his legs. He cracks one eye open and spies Dean’s smug grin. He grins back.
“Don’t be sorry, man.” He feels the vibrations of Dean’s footsteps through the floor as he crosses closer to where Cas lies, then hears him sit gingerly at the end of the couch. His toes nudge at Castiel’s ankles. “I’m really glad you came out.”
"Dude!" he exclaims. "I shoulda known you were a stone cold nerd," he says through his gale-force guffaws.
Hoping he doesn’t sound like his whole world is crumbling and rearranging around him, Dean asks, “Why should I believe you?”
“That depends,” Cas says, leaning on the broadside of the smooth, waxed wood table edge. “How gullible are you?”
There’s more knocking as Castiel grumbles his way up to the door, a consistent rapping that doesn’t stop until he opens the door on a petite, curvy brunette. “Can I help you?” Castiel growls.
I know that some expected or were even hoping for Dean to present as omega at some point in this story. And that is okay! That is also a fine story, and one that I would read! It’s just not the story I was telling. It’s not
Except talking to Cas about this feels like a completely different ballgame. (Heh. Balls. Okay fine, if Dean can’t giggle like a twelve-year-old in the privacy of his own brain, what’s even the point?)
And yet, something about Cas just gets right inside him and pulls. Hard. And he doesn’t think he’s the only one who feels it. If he were the type to believe in true mates —
“Yeah, that's been her running gag for years. Although,” Dean says, side-stepping a vigorous juggling act between two lanky men in jester hats, “I may have lost my place there.”
“You just liked it because it was about you,” Cas chides with half a smile, his eyes on his own knees.
“I’m glad to hear it, Dean,” he says, reaching out to cup one hand around Dean’s arm just above the elbow. “We have time.”
But Dean just shrugs. “It was a long time ago,” he says, in a tone of voice that means it wasn’t. Or at least it doesn’t feel like it.
With a huge sigh, Castiel opens his eyes, rolls onto his side and looks down his chest and stomach toward his balls and mostly hard cock, pushed up by the clench of his thighs. Then over at the men on the laptop screen and the mostly forgotten video he’d started watching, two men grunting and thrusting in a shower stall.
“Oh,” Castiel says. “Interesting.” Dean looks up. Over a decade of listening to this reaction has made Dean a connoisseur of ‘oh’s. This one isn’t in his repertoire.
Cas’s mouth goes small and tight, but he meets Dean’s eyes. There’s a fire in them. “My family doesn’t want to give me one red cent more than I earn,” he says, low and dangerous. “And even if they did, I wouldn’t accept it. They blame me for what happened to Anna, but they’re the ones that cut us off —”
Castiel is still glaring after him when Hannah wanders in, eyebrows raised at Gabriel’s departing back.
Cas nods again, still with the eye contact. His legs shift against Dean’s ankles, neither toward nor moving away. Just a slow denim-friction slide.
“Yeah, um. Mosquito, probably,” he fibs, a blush rising up his cheeks. “Go on. Make it up to me.” Then he bites his lip. “That came out wrong.”
. Not easy info to find, but there if you’re motivated enough. And he’s had what you might call incentive.
And there’s that smile, those perfect white teeth and the sparkle in those glass-green eyes. Castiel knows with impenetrable, terrible certainty he will follow them straight into the River Styx.
"I was barely nineteen," Dean is saying, "and everyone said it was dumb to get a fandom tattoo, but it got me interested in the art form and I still love Star Wars, so I can't regret it."
What had Cas been thinking in that moment? The guy’s all kinds of hair-trigger right now, which, alright, is really turning Dean’s crank. And Dean is well aware that he’s easy on the eyes. Hell, from that perspective, it makes sense. He wouldn’t mind being pinned under himself, either.
“Dean, I appreciate your confidence in my abilities, but my skills are nowhere near Sam’s level. We would be safer with him along.”
“I never—” On reflex, Dean rubs his thumb over his wrist. “I thought it meant I didn’t have one. You know. A soulmate.”
In the moments of silence between the songs, his ears zero in on Cas. He’s breathing in hard little huffs, marked by the rhythm of his arm as he pleasures himself.
At long last, here it is, folks. Thanks for sticking with me. It's been tough to get my creativity flowing lately, but here we have it.
“Don’t panic!” he shouts, even though he knows that that’s the opposite of useful. He tries to course-correct his headlong run, not sure exactly where the edge of the clearing is and trying to veer in Cas’s direction, but it proves to be a very wrong move. A solid, sharp-edged weight hits his back; he feels the scrape of claws against the back of his neck. Only a lifetime of quick reflexes saves him from a swift and untimely bloodletting.
Charlie sighs an unhappy sigh and thumps her head on the seat. “Look, the last time I had to do this, Cas was pissed, and he swore me to secrecy, which, you’ll notice, I am now breaking, thank you very much.”
The visual is sudden and stark, clear as daylight, of himself riding Cas’s dick. Damn, he can’t wait for that.
Dean must be a bad influence on him because, when the silence gets to be unbearable, Castiel claps his hands down on his knees and starts to stand, saying, “Well, this has been an excellent chat, I’ll just get back to—”
A second shot flies over Dean’s shoulder, a bright white streak fading to a green afterimage. He hears a scream and a thump, a sizzle of flesh, sees a smouldering shape like a chest and arms as it drops to the ground. Dean takes a few staggering steps away until his back hits the tree trunk, then tosses his now-useless flare gun and struggles to light his flamethrower. He’s the furthest thing from a praying man, but he still sends up a thanks to whoever might be listening when it ignites.
