Within ten minutes they learned that Cas was approximately two months along, which was in perfect timing with his last heat.  They were given the due date of April 4th.  Cas was glad he wouldn’t be having this one in the dead of winter like he did the girls.  He laid back and waited as Doctor Sanders got the ultrasound machine ready.  Dean was holding his hand as they watched the doctor smear the clear jelly on the wand and lower it to Cas’ belly.
The center of town was bustling with people.  Cas found himself less bothered now by the sight of people walking around topless or naked.  He even noticed several male Omegas, their breasts heavy with milk as they nursed their pups.  Ever observant, he watched to see how their Alphas interacted with them, and he felt ashamed that he had so often pushed Dean away when he wanted to put his hands or mouth on the Omega’s breasts.  Here, Alphas openly touched their mates, showered them with love and attention, and the Omegas did not push them away.  The evening was hot and to make it worse, they were sitting around a bonfire.  The sweat dripping down the back of Cas’ neck was bad enough, but it was pooling under his breasts and he felt like he was suffocating in his shirt.  He turned to his mate and handed Aidan to him.
“That smells like something died, a long time ago. It's mustier now. Still disgusting though.” Dean frowned as he started climbing the ladder. He was watching it to make sure the boards didn’t buckle under his weight. When he reached the top he lifted the flashlight and turned it on.
“He’ll be back in a few with our food and you can talk to him then, ok?”  The smile she offered him was bittersweet and he felt awful for her being present when it happened.
“What did he say?”  Cas asked.  He looked worriedly back towards the house.  Dean had not yet emerged but he was scared of how the Alpha might react.
“Daddy’s going to protect you and keep you safe.  I promise you all that,” he murmured.  “I love you guys.”
Their nap was short lived as they soon had four crying pups, all begging to be fed.  Castiel had Alan fetch the cooler and Dean heated bottles while his mate got started nursing.  Each pup was nursed enough to tide them over until Dean could feed them more via the bottles.  After diaper changes and cuddles, the pups were laid out on the rug on the floor where they all promptly rolled onto their bellies.  Pups from the pack wandered in and out to play with them, and Dean relaxed with his mate, content to just enjoy the afternoon.
The girls were continuing to grow, and everyone absolutely loved them.  Sam and Gabe got the house three blocks away and were able to stretch out more.  They took the girls at least once a week to give Dean and Cas a break.  The wedding had been backed up to September, and Cas was helping Sam and Gabe both with all of the planning.  Charlie got in on the act as well as Ellen and Jo, and the date was set for September 24th.  Permission had been granted to have the wedding in the Arbington Forest, where the first of Winchester pack had ruled.  Distant relatives still roamed free there, but for those that stayed in the forests, it was a completely different kind of life.  There, Omegas were equals still with Alphas and shown absolute respect, but they were still wild.  And they were not as human as those that lived in cities.  It was as though the species had divided the day the wolves first walked out of the forest.  Those that remained in the forest continued with the old ways, retaining most of their feral nature, while those that left slowly began to lose touch with that side of their nature.  Occasionally the two still crossed paths, and there was a solid agreement between the two that the forests were not to be touched or destroyed.  It had been a long time since a marriage or union had taken place inside one, but Gabe and Sam were determined to get back in touch with their roots.  To a point.
He lay there for a bit longer, trying to imagine what life with Dean might be like when there came a knock at the door.  He pulled himself out of bed and approached the door slowly.  The scent that met him was not that of an Alpha but of another Omega.  Pam to be specific.  Cas opened the door and peered out at her.
“My theory is that a virus, perhaps one that was not very common, evolved to survive, in even the harshest of conditions. What’s more harsh than death? There is no magic at play, it’s simply nature...finding a way to survive against all odds. The most interesting thing about this virus is that it opens up certain areas of the brain that allow us to experience things we never could have before we died. Our sense of smell, hearing, taste, they all become heightened over time. Our reaction time quickens, we grow stronger, which is how I was able to pull you out of your grave, and we’re able to do things with our minds that those without the virus could only dream of.
“He’s beautiful Sammy, like drop dead gorgeous!  Dark hair, bright blue eyes.  He’s so thin though.  Lives in that damn Omega District.  I took him to dinner.  Poor guy ate more than I did, and I didn’t think anyone but you could eat more than me.  He was just so hungry.  He’s a teacher at one of the Omega high schools, and he had taken to waiting tables for Ellen because some asshole Alpha busted up his car and he was trying to save up money to fix it.”  Dean talked in a rush but Sam was used to it and able to follow along.  He laughed happily at his brother’s joy.  He was thrilled for him!
“Before you ask, and I’m sure you could come to this conclusion all on your own, you cannot go seeking out your family or your friends. First, you’d kill them, then you’d spend the rest of eternity hating yourself for it. The reason I say this is again, because you lack control. Until you learn it, you must stay away from people, but you cannot go back. The life you led, while it was nice, it's over now.  You are entering a new one that is vastly different but better in so many ways. Let them mourn you and move on. They won’t understand how you came back and you cannot tell them. It leads to problems for our kind, and it ends up with vast numbers of us being slaughtered. We were very nearly wiped out during the Crusades, and again in the sixteenth century. It would be even worse now.
Dean grabbed the bottle of water and guided Cas back upstairs.  He stopped in his own bathroom to grab a bottle of ibuprofen before returning to his mate and walking him back to his room.  The entire room stank and the sheets were soaked with slick.  It made the Alpha dizzy.
“Please, I need you.”  He took Dean’s throbbing cock in hand, stroking it until it was covered in the slick, and then guiding it in.
“You’re his true mate, right?  You are all he has wanted since he was like twelve.  Now that he has you he’s not going to let anyone harm even a single hair on your head.  I know you have no reason to believe me when I say this but you seriously couldn’t have ended up with a better Alpha for a true mate.  My brother is a good man, and I’m not saying that just because he’s my brother.  I’m not one to compliment someone that doesn’t deserve it, and I’ll be the first person to call Dean out on being a dick when he’s acting like one.  He’s not perfect, but when he cares about someone, he cares with every ounce of his being.  You’ll see that soon enough.”
“Right?  I want to do the center in peach and maybe do cream along the edges.  I think it will be beautiful when it’s finished.  If I can remember how, I want to try and make a hat and booties to match,”  Cas said proudly.
The thing was, he’d bought Emma’s costume a full month earlier, back when he knew he had the money to splurge and get her a really cute fairy one, complete with wings and a flower crown. He’d bought thick leggings to keep her legs warm and ballet flats to match everything. She was supposed to look adorable and he was planning to take her to get her pictures done, but Ghostface was making that very difficult. He managed to get the pictures done but he’d had to give in a bit and let her take one with the stupid mask on. It was worth it for the three other absolutely adorable poses he’d gotten with it off.
“I can’t believe you found fabric with my car on it.  This is amazing.  I fully intend to show this off to everyone, you know.”  Dean turned his head so he could look at Cas.
I had a very busy weekend, so I got a really late start writing this chapter, so I apologize for that.  I hope you enjoy it.
Gabriel was clearly annoyed by this,  but he knew there was no point in arguing.  Instead he rattled his number off to Sam who texted it to Dean.  When he was done he stood up.
“I’m not sure yet.  I’m starving now though.  Can I have a snack?  Fruit?  Cheese?  Anything to tide me over?”
Cas looked at Dean for a moment before looking back at Reeva.  “If Dean can shift, and I could shift as well, we would be welcomed here?”
“I want my Omega.  Tell Dean Winchester he had better return him to me untouched or he’ll be sorry.”  Sam didn’t have to see the man to know it was Alistair looming over him, threatening him.
“Yeah, later.”  Cas breathed out as he practically climbed up his Alpha, wrapping his legs around his mate’s waist and his arms around the man’s neck.  He pulled him into a kiss so deep Dean nearly fell over where he was standing when the plane hit a bump on the runway.  Holding on tightly to his Omega, he moved to the couch and sat down, letting Cas release his death grip around his waist and instead straddle him.
“No, baby, but I received word they aren’t holding Gordon, and I don’t trust him.”  Dean slipped an arm around his mate’s waist and pulled him closer. “They’re escorting us to the plane, and they’ll inspect it to make sure everything is safe before we board.”
He felt a sliver of fear as Dean left his side but he quickly pushed it away.  For forty years he had survived on his own.  He didn’t need an Alpha by his side in order to feel safe.  He turned his attention back to Pam.
Cas chuckled.  “He can’t stop rubbing my belly and kissing it.  He’s back in a heightened state of protective mode.”
“Good, but I still want our first time to be on a bed, not with you bent over a desk.”  Dean ground against him again, making the Omega whimper.
“And you don’t like losing control. I get it.  But honey, you can’t take care of everyone all the time.  Once in awhile you need to let others take care of you too.  And that’s my job.  We’re about to have our pups.  They need you.
“I think we should take the pups back to the forest, maybe around June.  Just you, me, and the pups.  And Donna, if Aidan still needs to be monitored.  I’d like to find out what the pack there does in the case of pups like Aidan.  I know in ancient times they would abandon a pup if it was weak at birth.  It would hold back the pack and endanger it, but they don’t do that anymore.  I’m sure Reeva would have some tips.”  Dean also wanted to learn what they had done with Luke.  Since the pack didn’t believe in technology, there were no phones or internet.  He would have to go in person to talk to them.
Cas went limp in his arms and for a moment it scared the ever-loving shit out of the Alpha, but then Cas was lifting his arms to wrap them around his mate’s neck.
The interview with the police was brief and in less than an hour Dean and Cas were back on the road.  The Alpha called ahead to the plane, making sure it was fueled and ready, and to Cas’ surprise there were more men in suits waiting when they pulled into the airport.  Dean instructed them to take all of their bags to the plane as he took his mate’s hand.  They walked between four men the size of linebackers, all Alphas as they walked through the airport to their plane.
Dean went to the patio door and opened it.  He motioned for Alfie and Jude to follow him out onto the deck.
“Ok, come on girls, let’s go watch a movie.”  Cas said to his pups, drawing their attention as Dean left.  If he could put up the pup gate and contain them in the den with a cartoon, it would give him a little time to rest.  He needed it.
While Sam is in the hospital Gabe comes to stay with his brother and Dean.  Life goes on as usual, whether they want it to or not, and when Gabe has to head around the city to accept deliveries, Cas offers to go with him.  Their first stop is the new bakery in The District, but when Cas looks in the window of the Omega daycare next door, he gets an idea.
“We just need to make the appointment for tomorrow morning for the blood work and then the exam in six weeks,”  Dean said to Cas.
“Yeah,” Dean’s voice cracked, even though he was whispering back. “It’s just...I think about what they went through and it infuriates me! I’ve read in depth on the trials and those kids, they were coerced into making those claims, I’m positive. The sheriff was absolutely corrupt and it ended with too many innocent lives being affected. It wasn’t right. You know, one of the witches cursed the sheriff?”
“I’ve never seen such a thing.  Do I need to change?  Am I going to get wet?  You called it a hydro massage after all.”
“Good.”  Dean curled himself around his mate, burying his nose in the man’s neck as he drifted off again.  An hour later there was a knock at the bedroom door.  Dean got up and shuffled over to answer it.  He opened the door to find Sam standing there looking absolutely miserable.
will ever lay a hand on my mate.  And no one will ever lay a hand on me again.  If there is one thing my mate has taught me, it’s that I am strong enough to take care of myself, to protect myself, and that I can protect my mate if need me.  I have an Alpha mate, but he does not own me or control me.  Our pairing is completely equal, as
“Of course.  I’ll buy you an actual wardrobe today, anything you want.”  Dean pulled his Omega back against him and nuzzled the mating mark.
the actual birth, but it was still roomy and comfortable, and his mate looked beautiful in it.  Cas waited while Dean put on his own clothes, and then his mate was helping him into his robe.  Leaning heavily on Dean, Cas walked on his own into the bedroom.  Tess had Molly stripped down and was weighing her when they walked in.
I didn't really know where to end this chapter because it's so long, so I just split it.  You'll get this now and on Sunday you'll get the actual delivery.  You'll finally get to know what the sexes are!  I can just imagine how many of you are ticked that I'm not putting that up now.  Sorry, it would seriously be like a 10,000 word chapter if I put everything up!  I need to have SOME suspense!  Enjoy!
“Alright.  And our lawyers are here?”  Cas looked around, spotting Chuck talking to someone, and Sam was on the other side of him.
“I hope so, but I’d be just as happy with a girl.”  Cas leaned into his mate, letting the feeling of contentment that he always felt at being in his Alpha’s arms wash over him.
“I think I saw you on the cover of a magazine once.”  Cas admitted.  Dean had been perusing the menu but paused, looking over the top at the blue eyed man across from him.
“This might exacerbate your heartburn.  How about I make you some grilled chicken and veggies?  That should go well on your stomach.”
“I got you some new boxer briefs and some clothes to lounge around in too.  Oh, and here.”  Dean handed him the pads.  Cas blushed as he accepted them.
“Of course.  I’ll be back in about an hour, maybe two.”  He kissed his mate’s forehead before leaning down to plant a kiss to each of his pups.
her pup.  Michael was oblivious to a lot of things, but I know, because I overheard the conversations between our parents when they thought I was in bed.  Our father didn’t want the younger kids to know, so it became one of the million different forbidden topics.  And Luke, he wasn’t raised any different than the rest of us, but he was definitely the one most influenced by our father’s cruelty.  He wanted to emulate him.  I…thought he had changed. Michael told me he was different. When I talked to him, he seemed so changed from the man I once knew. I know how cruel my brother can be, and I know that if he is set free, the chances that he will go out into the world and do it again are quite high.  I never thought I would support the decision to have one of my own siblings executed, but I know the things he did to you, Sam.  And if it was within my power to kill him with my own two hands, I would, and there would be absolutely no regrets because I love you, and I would do anything to protect you and keep you safe.”  Gabe placed a soft kiss to Sam’s forehead.  “I stand by whatever decision you make.”
Dean chuckled as the bell rang. This time when he checked he found a guy dressed in a pizza delivery jacket standing on the porch. He opened the door and accepted the boxes.
“It’s alright, babe. You might know Asian and Nordic mythology but I know American. She can’t come inside unless she’s invited, so no, you cannot come inside. Now leave.” He shut the door and leaned back against it.
Chapters will be added every Wednesday and Sunday.  We're moving at a slower pace than usual because:
Alan nodded and together they walked out of the room.  “There’s a furniture expo in Tampa this weekend.  You could go and look at some furniture.  It looks like most of the bedroom furniture and living room furniture will need to be replaced.”
“I-I think he’s your true mate.  You need to go after him,"  she said.  His eyes widened and his head whipped around.  The man was nowhere to be seen.
“Oh, if I wasn’t strictly into the V I’d be all over you.”  She gave him a cheesy smile that made him laugh.
“What?”  He didn’t mean to snap but he was scared.  Cas understood though.  Dean felt it when the Omega got up from his seat next to him and opened his eyes in surprise when a second later he found Cas straddling his lap.
“Are you alright?”  Cas asked as he tentatively licked at the bite he had made, cleaning the blood around it.
Cas is devasted by the damage Alistair wrought on The Roadhouse and he blames himself.  The message that was left behind further convinces him of that.  For the first time, Dean is unable to console his mate and it leads to his own self doubt.
“I-I’m still on anxiety pills.  They’re in my bag.  Please…”  Sam begged.  They were standing in the tent Gabe had gotten dressed in, not Sam’s.  Dean turned to his mate.
“Well, actually, we want to move closer.  Sam is happy with me, but neither of us are happy being far away from you guys, so we’ve been looking at houses in the area.  We found a wonderful old Victorian about three blocks east of here.  It’s bigger than our current house and has a room on the first floor that Sam would like to turn into a home office.  The kitchen was completely remodeled too and puts my current one to shame.  There’s a big back yard and a spacious front yard as well.  It has four bedrooms upstairs, a living room, dining room, den, and extra room on the first floor, plus a finished basement.  We want kids at some point, so the extra space will be nice.  It’s our favorite of all the ones we’ve looked at so far,”  Gabe explained.
Dean loved watching his mate feed their pups. There was something so beautiful about it and he felt pride in those moments knowing that was
He felt his mate relax and smile. “Yeah, I think it would be too.  I’ve wanted to try it for a while, but…pups.”  Dean shrugged and gave a lopsided smile.
The man in the green jacket intrigued him for reasons he couldn’t quite understand. He was attractive, yes, but he carried himself with a confidence he found quite appealing. A man like that wouldn’t be interested in him. Besides, he couldn’t reveal his true self, it was against vampire law. It wasn’t forbidden to associate with humans though, as long as he adhered to the laws. Still, he couldn’t approach someone that attractive and confident, what would he even say? For as much as he studied humans he was still shy and introverted. All that lore about vampires being sexy, self assured and irresistible clearly hadn’t had him in mind when they were written. He looked down at the sweater he was wearing and frowned. Why had he chosen to wear a bulky sweater on the day the fair came to town? Stupid! At least he was wearing nice pants. These were his nicest pair of jeans.
“And so, sentence has been passed.  Do we agree on this punishment?”  Mordecai asked the other elders.  Each one nodded in agreement, except the male Omega.  He shook his head and called for death.
“We have a problem and I know you’re familiar with what’s going on. Something was under Jack’s bed tonight and it left...claw marks. We checked the girls’ room and they’re under their beds too. Emma said last night Mischief heard the scratching when she did and he ran from the room and Claire says that tonight he wouldn’t come in at all. I’m hoping it’s not what I think it is.”
“We’re not having sex on a couch,”  Gabe said firmly as he carried Sam over to the bed and gently lowered him.  As Sam moved up on the bed to lay back against the pillows, Gabe crawled up on the bed, stalking up it until he was straddling Sam.  The Beta’s fingers went to the buttons on his shirt and began undoing them.  He yanked it open and pushed it off the Alpha’s shoulders, watching as the man tossed it aside.
“It went very well.  We talked a lot, and we’re pretty much on the same page about everything.  He says he can feel the bond between us.  He also got protective when I told him about what could happen if someone tried to claim me.  He actually growled; it was adorable.”
So at this point you all are probably dying for some smut.  Well, you'll be glad to know it's coming next chapter.  Can't rush these things for poor, frightened Cas!
Even amidst all of this chaos, Dean will remain levelheaded because his pack needs him to be.  He can't afford to lose his cool or let his fear take over.  Cas feels everything that he feels, and it's not good if the Omega of the pack, the one that is supposed to be able to calm those that are upset is upset himself.
“The cafeteria food is rather substandard.  Only about the same quality as the TV dinners I would eat,”  Cas replied.
Dean’s stomach went crazy as it felt like a million tiny firecrackers were going off inside it. He smiled and nodded. Cas had moved in six months ago and he’d been looking for an opening so he could ask the man out. It seemed that Cas had been looking for a similar opportunity.
I hope you liked this chapter.  The pack is bonding further, and a bit of jealousy is to be expected.  When I brought my second daughter home, my older daughter was roughly the age Ellie and Molly were, and while she did dote on her new little sister, she was still jealous.  Tried to get me to stop nursing, would smack the baby if I wasn't looking, and once, because little arms and legs flail a lot, chomped down on her baby sister's fingers.  It took patience and understanding, and eventually she accepted her sister.  My younger daughter got her back a year later though when she bit her older sister's finger, lol.  Kids.  At least they (mostly) get along now.
“I decided we’d do a stir fry tonight.  Gabe had the ingredients for it.  Even had edamame in the freezer.”  Dean replied as he moved the meat to a back burner that was turned off so he could start on the vegetables.
“Dean, we have too much stuff, and we haven’t even shopped for you or Sam yet,”  Cas said as he tried to juggle the bags he was carrying.
“Cas, baby, please, wake up.”  He patted his mate’s cheek several times, letting out a sigh of relief when another contraction hit and his Omega’s blue eyes fluttered.  He groaned but didn’t fully wake up.
“What?”  Suddenly all sleep dropped from Dean’s voice, and Sam could hear him getting out of the bed.
“Honey, Papa can’t pick you up yet.  I wish I could.”  Cas looked at Dean in exasperation.  Their daughter had tears in her eyes as she tugged at Cas’ gown.
“Yeah, I understand.  Maybe after she’s here we can all get together,”  Sam suggested.  Gabe nodded in agreement.
“I’m not touching that little boy. He doesn’t deserve that, and this is sick! I’ll cut my own dick off before I touch him. I have a goddamn
“You’re right, but it was not your fault.  We’ve been over this before, the dude was nuttier than a fruitcake, and nothing you did would have been able to change that.  He locked on to Cas before you ever met him.  But it’s not Cas’ fault either.  You can’t control the sexist, terrible Alphas out there, all you can do is try to make the city, and maybe the world, a safer place for Omegas everywhere, to try and gain the equality they should have always had.  In ancient times Omegas were revered, put up on pedestals and adored. I don’t know why or when society began to see them as worthless, especially since they are the lifeblood of our species.  Omegas carry eighty percent of all children.  Without them our entire species would die out.  And we treat them like garbage, this has to stop.  You are the first Alpha in over three hundred years that not only has wanted to restore Omegas to their former glory, but has the resources to make it a possibility.  You have the ability to eliminate the thinking of Alphas like Alistair, to make it safe for unmated Omegas to walk down the street without being harassed or raped.  To make it a safe place for your pups, for mine, for your children’s children.”
Dean slid down in his seat and scrubbed a hand down his face in frustration.  “Fuck!  I didn’t know she worked here!”
Gabe hummed as he prepared the apples.  He was aware that Sam was watching him, but he knew not to acknowledge it and make the man feel self-conscious.
“I’m still confused. I like him but I’m scared. I don’t want to want an Alpha. The only Alpha I trust explicitly is you. I don’t know that I
“We found that it’s easier if we just have the photographers come here.  Home turf for the kids, and with Aidan’s health issues, it’s just safer.  He hasn’t caught any viruses so far, but it’s only a matter of time, especially with Ellie and Molly in school, and the doctor says a respiratory infection would almost certainly put him back in the hospital.  We’re still trying to boost his immune system.  It’s a big reason why we’re going back to pack lands this weekend.  We’re hoping the elders will have some advice on how to best help him.  Traditional medicine is full of drugs, chemicals and preservatives.  I want to see if there are some better, more natural alternatives,”  Cas explained.
Dean set his now empty plate in the sink and came around the island to stand next to Cas.  It made him happier than he cared to admit when Cas reached out and wrapped his arms around the Alpha’s waist.
“Of course, sweetheart.  I’ll cook you anything you want.”  He pressed a tender kiss to his mate’s forehead before finding an old George Foreman grill and putting a seasoned piece of raw chicken in it to cook.  A quick text was sent to Gabe with a thumbs up emoticon received in response before he went back to cooking.  Cas watched with fascination as Dean cooked, explaining each step in the process as he created both meals.  When Cas asked to step in and actually help, he let him, guiding him as he added the soy sauce to the chicken and vegetables.  They had just finished up the steamed vegetables and some whole grain rice for Cas to eat with his chicken when the alarm beeped, indicating that someone had come home.
“Ok, give me a minute.”  Dean called Ellen and spoke to her directly, catching her up on what was going on before placing the order.  He was chastised for not keeping her up to speed on what was going on and made to promise that he would let her know what was happening.  When he was done he excused himself to go change.
“Please, don’t upset yourself.  It stresses me out.  This wasn’t your fault.  I thought I was ok for another few months, but I should have taken into account that I’m carrying multiples and taken it easy.”  Cas sighed and placed one hand over Dean’s.  “We’ll be ok.  Let’s just concentrate on getting better and making sure the girls get enough attention, ok?”
“Let me just change.  I’ll be right back.”  Cas pulled completely out of Dean’s arms leaving the Alpha standing in the living room with a sense of loss as he waited for the Omega to get dressed.  Cas returned a few minutes later in jeans and a less worn out looking tee shirt.  Dean looked forward to spoiling the man.  He wanted to buy him anything his heart desired.  He deserved it, his Omega did.
“Who else is here?”  Cas whispered back to her.  Her eyes widened and she began to shake.  She shook her head.
“As if I could.”  Cas scoffed.  Dean grinned and pressed his mate’s hand to his cheek.  Cas knew he needed the physical contact and proof his Omega wasn’t angry with him.
“Go for it.  I brought it home for you guys.  I’m going to go take a shower, I have a date tonight and I need to start getting ready so I’m not late.”  Gabe said as he started backing up towards the door.
“In the light of day, it’s worse than we thought last night.  I did open the windows to air the place out once I got the ok to go ahead and do so, but you’re going to need new beds and a thorough cleaning.  There’s urine and scent marks all over the place,”  she told him.
“It’s Gordon.  He took over the inventory beginning of last year.  Said he could do it better than me.  Won’t let me even go over the numbers now,” she replied.  Dean patted her shoulder.
A moment later the bell rang and Dean got up to go get the pizza. He peeked through the peephole to make sure someone was on the other side before he opened the door. He knew enough folklore and superstitions to not open that door without verifying that there was indeed a person there.
“But it’ll be nice to sleep in your own room and cook in your own kitchen, I’m sure,”  Sam pointed out.  Dean nodded.  “Yep.  Say, do you want to see what Cas picked out at the expo for the pup?  There was a place selling clothes and other stuff and once he spotted the tiny sleepers and stuff I couldn’t pull him away.”  He laughed as he closed the laptop and got to his feet.  He needed a break anyway.  Sam stood up too.
“I think that would be good, for us and for the pups.  I will pack this week, so we don’t forget anything.”
“I’ll look that one up.  It sounds familiar, but it’s been awhile since I’ve looked,” she told him as he sat down in the wheelchair.
“Dean, we had something special, you can’t tell me we didn’t.  I don’t understand how you could just walk away, and then randomly show up with some Omega bitch on your arm, acting like you’re in love.  It’s not fair to me.”  She ran a hand up his arm as she moved into his personal space.  He barked out a bitter laugh and pushed her back.
“What are you thinking about there?  You look like something is bothering you.”  Dean had noticed the troubled look on his brother-in-law’s face.
“Honey, I’m ordering from Ellen’s.  Gabe’s going to go pick it up.  What do you want?”  He looked up at his mate, who was perched on the arm of the couch.
“What about pups?  I know you said you’re leaving that decision up to me too, but I want to know if you want them or not.”  Cas nipped at the Alpha’s neck and he let out a soft whimper.
“Thank God she had some with her. I’ll move them, you sprinkle.” Dean locked the door and turned off the lights. He followed his husband upstairs. It had been a long night but it was almost over. He couldn’t wait to go to bed, their mattress was calling his name and he planned to collapse in it and crash for the night.
The street outside was quiet for this time of night, but he could sense someone skulking about.  No scents were coming under the door, which meant this house was insulated for Omega protection too.  Most houses were, though not usually to the same degree his house was.  Slowly the feeling dissipated and he turned to walk back to the kitchen.  He glanced at the alarm and stopped dead in his tracks.
“He’s always wanted to be a nurse.  That was his dream growing up, then he presented as an Omega.  We’d been dating for a few years by that point and his orientation didn’t mean anything to me.  I loved him already.  So his father transferred his guardianship to me, and I claimed him.  I think we were fifteen?  Dad had already kicked me out, and I was living with them.  I got the job I have now and I’ve been working it ever since,”  Alfie explained.
Gabe turned back to his mate.  “I can make this decision for you.  I would choose for him to be punished but not killed. I too find it difficult to call for his death, and I would not wish that burden to be put upon you.  I love you, Sam.  Let me do this for you.”
“We heard someone outside so I came to check, and the alarm was off.  I looked out the window and when I looked back at the alarm it was on standby again.  I can’t have it doing that in the middle of the night.”  Dean looked at the alarm again and sure enough, it was on standby.  “See?”  Gabe handed over the large box of food and the container full of milkshakes to Dean and turned to look at the panel.
“Of course, pumpkin.” Dean said as they entered the bedroom. Cas had been quick about changing the bedding and the Spiderman sheets had been replaced by Black Panther ones. They clashed horribly with the Mickey Mouse comforter but that had been a recent birthday gift and Jack adored it.
feel safe with you.  I’m just scared of what Alistair might do to… ‘our’ pack.  That’s a new concept for me, to think of myself as being part of a pack.  I was essentially thrown out of my old one, so finding my place in yours is a daunting task.  And I don’t want our pup to grow up in fear of what Alistair might do.  This needs to end.  I want him caught and put in jail.  Or else he needs to die if they can’t catch him,”  Cas spoke calmly, his words a soothing balm to Dean’s soul.
“Without another ultrasound, it’s hard to determine that, but overall they’re doing well,” she replied.
“Cassie!  Come here!”  Gabe motioned for him to come closer.  As he did he realized the scent from the other man was familiar as well.  He looked up at the man, another Alpha, and saw familiar eyes looking back at him.
“We should be good for a while, we have plenty of food, it was just the little things we needed. Did you find batteries for Eileen?” Cas asked as they headed inside.
Cas’ response was a slow lick against the freckled skin of the Alpha’s shoulder where his own mating bite would eventually be, and he purred.  Dean tightened his arms around him.
Cas took the breath, exhaling slowly as he forced his body to relax.  The finger that breached his rim was much smaller than Dean’s and aside from being a slight bit cold, it didn’t hurt at all.  A second finger was added and then she using her free hand to press down on his abdomen, bringing his cervix lower so she could check it.  She was careful to avoid his prostate, and he was thankful for that.
Molly’s fur was a different shade of brown than her sister’s, but no less beautiful.  Cas lifted her up and nuzzled her.  She whined excitedly and licked his face.
“That will not be necessary as Alistair is now dead.  He threatened to kill my mate, so I killed him.”
“How are you feeling, sweetheart?”  Dean had been handed a second pup, so now he was cuddling Alex and Kate.
“I held him back.  I was afraid it would escalate and my brother and his pups would be seriously hurt,”  Gabe said.  The doctor nodded.
be sued!”  Sam snapped.  Lights began to shut off while others were turned away but still left on.  Dean heard his mate yelling and felt his distress.  When he arrived back at the gates the fury was rolling off of him in waves.  Cas went to him and he wrapped a protective arm around his mate.  The issue had to be handled now or the reporters would never go away, he knew this.
“Thank you, you’ve been very kind.” Dean graciously accepted the clothes and as soon as the door was closed he hurried to get dressed.
“Oh, and could you check the pup department and see if they have any kind of teething rings that can be frozen and given to the girls?  Ellie is cutting two more teeth and she’s been using me as her personal chew toy.”
“Cas, this is Giselle, Mordecai’s mate.”  Dean introduced.  Cas smiled and lowered his head in submission as he kissed her hand.  Dean had taught him proper etiquette in preparation for this weekend.  Though Cas was an Omega like Giselle, he was not an elder.  Greeting an elder meant submission and respect.  She smiled warmly and ran her fingers through Cas’ hair.
“My name is Castiel. Sorry, I was just walking past when I heard your conversation. I’m...here alone, and I’m rather bored if I’m being honest.”
“What I’ve gleaned so far is that they’re telling the public that it became dangerous for unmated Omegas out there, so we were gathered and brought to safe, undisclosed locations where we are being treated well and are happy. Do I look happy to you? Or like I feel safe?”
“Hello, Jude, I’m Dean.  My mate, Cas, is in the house with the kids.  Do you need some help getting up?”
Cas squeezed his husband’s hand and smiled.  Dean wasn’t always the most eloquent speaker, but he was passionate and people responded to that passion.  When the girls were carried out on stage and handed over, the questions began to buzz again.  They wanted to know what plans they had for the girls education, whether they were given everything they wanted (To which the crowd received a very dry
“I know.  Robes?  Would they be called robes?  They’re the traditional colors of our pack, red, gold, and black as well as the colors of Gabe’s, purple, white, and yellow,”  Sam asked.
“I...can handle…bossy…”  The words came out in a series of gasps as Dean licked and nipped at his collarbone.
“Well, I can’t make the decision for you.  All I can do is give advice.  I think Gabe is a good guy.  I don’t think he’s a douche at all.  Yes, he’s looking for a mate, he’s all but made that crystal clear, but you don’t have to sign up for that role tomorrow. Date him, see how you two click, and see how he handles things that would have set your ex off.  Look for the triggers.  I’m pretty sure he’ll pass with flying colors.  Not every Alpha is going to be a cruel asshole.  In fact, most of them aren’t bad at all.  Personally, I think you should give him a chance.”
“There are so many games you can download.  I picked up the phone for Dean so I know it’s the highest memory one you can buy, plus you can expand the memory.  If you like games I can help you find a ton more that will keep you entertained,”  Charlie told him.
“Sam, he’s ok though?  He really scared me.”  Ellen looked over towards where Sam and Gabe were greeting their guests.  All of the enthusiasm that Sam had been filled with before the wedding was gone now.  He seemed drained.
“Jo’s staying?”  Dean realized his cousin wasn’t in the house.  She was probably still off with the Alpha.  “What’s his name?”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Eli, and thank you so very much for making the trip out here with food.  I hate to be a burden,”  Cas said as he shook the man’s hand.
“Do I smell sick?”  he asked.  Dean leaned down, sniffing lightly at first along the edge of the mating mark before burying his nose in the crook of his Omega’s neck and breathing deeply.
The first change Cas insisted needed to take place was to eliminate the places that were dangerous to the Omegas, like the brothels and strip clubs.  They were horrible places where Omegas were tortured and forced into what equated to slavery.  Every Omega that lived there was terrified of ending up in one of those places.  He argued that getting rid of prostitution itself would be detrimental to the people that were desperate to feed themselves and their children.  First other sources of income needed to be provided before they could get rid of the prostitution altogether.  Dean listened with pride to his mate.  Cas was brilliant and had the most amazing ideas, things he would never have thought of on his own.  It was clear the man had spent a long time thinking of all the things that would take the hell on Earth he had lived in for so long and turn it into a sanctuary, a safe place for all Omegas.
After calming Cas down and promising he wouldn’t leave the house for the next few days, Dean went downstairs to fetch some water and a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for his mate.  He hummed as he slathered the peanut butter on the bread, lost in thought about his upcoming trip to Chicago, but the alert tone blaring out of his phone made him freeze.  He grabbed the phone from his pocket and pulled the exterior cameras up.  Someone was actually skulking around on the west side of the house, near where Cas’ bedroom was.  A snarl tore from his lips as he rushed out the back door and around the side of the house.  He glanced up at Cas’ bedroom window before moving across the yard to the fence line.
“Yes, it is a fairly regular occurrence, however, they usually have to dig up through the dirt too. You lucked out.”
“He didn’t love Sam.  He was just using him.  My brother deserves better.”  Dean knew he sounded defensive but he felt he had earned that right.
“None of your business.”  He moved around her to grab a pack of pads off the shelf.  He hoped they would be absorbent enough.  Now he just wanted to get out of the store and go home.
“Maybe?  It’s not as bad as it was with the girls though.  It’s like a constant energy thrumming just under the surface, but it’s bearable.”
“It’s also the most exciting. Gabe loves you so much. Sometimes you need to take a chance.  He’s not going to hurt you.  I couldn’t say that about Luke, but I can about Gabe.” Dean went back to the griddle, buttering the bread and starting the sandwiches.
“Here, I got this one for you.  Get whatever you want.”  He handed over a credit card with Cas’ name on it.  Cas kissed his cheek before getting up.
Despite the heat between them when they'd first come back into the bedroom and Dean's need to get his mouth on his mate, the actual sex was without urgency. He kissed every inch of skin he could reach and when his knot finally began to swell and lock them together, they came in tandem, Cas spilling for the second time over Dean's hand just as the Alpha reached his own climax. Carefully he lifted his mate and settled them both on their side.
“No.  I took her by Ellen’s and our server, the moment I caught his scent…”  Dean closed his eyes at the memory, the wonderful scent coming back to him and he smiled wider.
Their mouths moved together slowly and Cas simply followed Dean’s lead.  He gasped when a tongue slid along his lower lip, and a moment later was gliding over his own tongue.  When he pulled back Dean did the same.
“It was his time.  We will mourn now, but we will honor his memory.  Doricus, select six youths to go to the burial grounds and begin digging.  We must bury him before other creatures begin gathering.”
Don't get your panties in a twist, you need to wait for the Sabriel until the next update.  This is scene building.  *Give evil smirk*
Sam cocked an eyebrow, his grin fading.  “Oh, uh, good for you.  TMI, but ok.  I think I’m going to go to the library.”
“You’re speaking a foreign language to me.  I’ve heard of stir fry, but I’ve never had it.  And what is an edamame?”  Cas looked up expectantly.  Dean picked up the bag of edamame and handed it to him.
By eight the girls were in bed, quietly lulling themselves to sleep while Cas rejoined his husband and Charlie downstairs.  Dinner had been cleaned up and they had moved to the den.  He collapsed onto the couch next to Dean with a groan.
“This, I want this!”  Cas cried and pointed at a large armoire that had intricate-looking carvings on the front that were designed to look like branches.  Dean smiled.  It would tie in with a forest theme if they decided to go that route.  And with the growth chart he wanted and the family tree Cas wanted…
“What are you…whoa…”  Cas jumped when he heard Sam’s voice and the Beta was backing away from the laundry room, his eyes wide and his hands raised in front of him.
“Charlie’s here.  Sam, tell her I’ll be in the parlor with Cas, ok?”  Dean asked his brother.  Sam nodded.
“Omegas that are without their own pups pitch in to help those that have pups, so the mothers don’t get overwhelmed.  In ancient times, if a mother wolf couldn’t comfortably raise all of her pups she would push the weakest ones out of the den where either other childless Omegas would take them or they would die.  Childless Omegas began stepping in to help with caring for the pups so entire litters could survive.  When my parents came with us, my mom always had help.  We were surrounded by loving, caring Omegas.  My mom was calmer for it, and happier.”  Dean pointed ahead.  “There’s the water.  Now, the Omegas will be naked in the water, and they may fuss over you, and possibly me.  It’s not a mating ritual, it’s just pack behavior.  A pack takes care of each other.  I’m just warning you now.”
He closed the door and headed back upstairs. As he passed the master bedroom he spotted his husband tucking the kids into their bed.
“He is really intent on getting her attention.”  Dean mused as they watched Jo and the other wolf for another minute or so before turning back to their own pups.  Dean had scooped up Molly who was draped across his arm, her paws dangling in the water, her head resting in his hand.  Cas was doing the same with Ellie.  The pups were exhausted from playing hard, so as they dozed, Dean found the soap that had been left behind and proceeded to wash both pups.  As they finally fell asleep, they shifted back.  They were larger, more awkward to hold in that position, so Dean hefted Molly up so that her head rested on his shoulder.  Cas did the same with Ellie.
Dean reached the village in under five minutes and went straight to the middle where people and wolves were currently gathered.  Mordecai and Giselle were standing near the center and the Alpha was speaking, trying to calm the pack.
His reflection shocked him. The skin of his throat was smooth, without any sign of the damage that woman had caused but what really shocked him were his eyes. The green looked muted and they were bloodshot. He had stubble they hadn’t bothered to shave too. His skin looked rather sickly too and he could see the networks of dark veins that covered his skin. Had they done an open casket? No, Sam would have made sure it was closed, hence the stubble and lack of the thick makeup they used. There was no scent of formaldehyde which gave him pause. If Sam had ignored his request and had him embalmed anyway he’d have never woken back up. He shivered at that thought.
“Dean.”  He whimpered as he reached for his sweatpants and pushed them down his legs.  Dean helped him with his underwear, and he gladly opened his legs up.
“I explained that we were having a particularly emotional moment after your exam, and I double checked with Cassie to make sure I could get the time to calm you down.  She said they have rooms on hand for that because apparently this happens quite frequently.  So we’re going to move across the hall.  Come on.”  Dean took Cas by the hand and helped him down from the exam table.
Cas was turning over steaks but turned at the sound of his mate’s voice.  He smiled as he closed the grill.
“Don’t worry, we’ll be officially mated by then and she won’t be able to do or say squat.  Go lie down, I’ll be home shortly with your medicine.”  Dean’s voice took on a soothing tone and Cas’ growling slowly subsided.
Alan drove the Hummer and Dean sat in the backseat with Cas curled up against him.  Cas smelled calm but there was an underlying nervousness that Dean was picking up on, and that was besides the fact that his mate smelled somewhat horny again.  If Alan noticed though, he wasn’t saying anything.
“We’re definitely keeping his name.  It’s the name his mother gave him, and we don’t want to take that away from him.  But we’re adding on the middle name Robert.  So he’ll be Henry Robert Winchester.”  Gabe explained.
“Just a little stressed.  It’s our first time away from home with the kids and I’m trying to cover all of our bases.”  He said.
“Well, you filed for guardianship, right?  Verbal only lasts for six months before it has to be put in writing and the fee paid to lay the formal claim without having taken him as a mate.  If anything was filed before you put your paperwork in, your lawyer would have spoken up about it.  Since they didn’t, your claim was the only valid one.  And not only did you put it in writing, you sealed the deal when you mated with him.  Remember, laws are laws, but like when playing poker, true mate laws trump all others.  If anyone doubts you’re true mates, just flash them your red eyes or Cas’ gold ones and they’ll know,”  Gabe said.
The ride to the restaurant was spent with Dean asking Cas about his day, and about the subjects he taught.  Cas was happy to talk about his work but he wanted to know how Dean’s day was too.  Dean gave him a quick synopsis of the plumber and his estimate.  When they arrived at the restaurant Dean parked the car and go out, coming around to open the door for Cas.
Cas finished the cup and Mordecai directed everyone into the main part of the room where they sat down on the few remaining pieces of furniture.  Cas was directed to one of the chairs and was amused when Dean sat at his feet with Molly in his lap.  A second chair was left empty for Giselle and Reeva sat on a third one.  The two girls, new mates for two of Mordecai’s Alpha grandsons, helped Giselle with serving the food.  Giselle took the last chair, and her mate sat down at her feet.
“He cooks?  What, are you both just a couple of weird Alphas?”  Sam asked.  His smile would have looked less like a grimace if he weren’t in so much pain.
“Have you figured it out yet?” Castiel had returned to his seat and was sipping at his tea. “I think you should drink your tea, it will warm you up.”
“I don’t think I’ll ever be ready, but I suppose we should get this over with,”  Cas said as he reached down to unbuckle Ellie from her seat.  Dean did the same with Molly.
“If it is alright though I would like permission to speak with my brother at some point in the near future,”  Gabe said, looking up at Dean again.  Dean looked at Cas and gave him a small squeeze.
“Yes.  We’re going down to talk to our lawyer.  Social services has already tested Henry.  He’s a Beta.  They searched for any other living relatives but apparently his mother was one of the former prostitutes that lived in The District, and she got pregnant by one of her Johns.  She was left to The District by her mother, a Beta that has since passed away when she was sixteen and there is no other family that can be tracked down, so Henry will go up for adoption.”  Gabe was almost giddy.
“What happened?”  The doctor asked as she knelt down next to the tub.  Cas was too upset to speak and simply grabbed onto the front of her dress, still sobbing.
“Of course.  Go and see your other pups.  These ones will be perfectly fine.”  She shooed them out the door and Dean grabbed his mate’s hand as they ran after Jo towards the center of the village.  As they approached they saw several pups playing, all in wolf form.  They nipped and chased after one another.
“It’s a standard question and answer session.  The audience is filled with a random combination of Alphas, Betas and Omegas.  You’ll be speaking with your peers.”  She looked directly at Cas as she spoke.  “As for the media, this will be on every news station, but it’s only live on DNN.  We have Ginger Meyer doing the interview.  She is sympathetic to your campaign, Dean, and will work hard to make sure neither of you are put on the spot in an uncomfortable way.  We’ve made it clear that you reserve the right to refuse to answer any questions.”
“I can buy enough stock to have things bend to my will.  It’s sneaky, but business owners do it all the time.  Might be able to push for more clean energy too,”  Dean replied.  Cas set the tablet aside and moved closer, wrapping his arms around his mate and squeezing him tight.
When Dean got home that afternoon he found his mate in the nursery with the girls.  At Cas’ insistence they had converted one of the other bedrooms into a playroom for the girls, complete with padded floors and mats for them to nap on, should they fall asleep while playing.  When he walked in the room Ellie was chewing on a soft rattle while Molly was smacking around a stuffed puppy.  Cas was sitting in his rocking chair reading a book.  He looked up and smiled when he saw Dean.
“Dinner smells great.  Stir fry?  Yes!”  He slid into the empty seat between Cas and Gabe and Dean handed him a plate of food.  As they ate, they talked about the plans for the weekend.
Dean:  Are you ok?  Silent alarm went off.  Cameras caught a man nosing around along the back fence.
Dean went to work at city hall every day, and whenever he felt his mate’s stress levels going up, he called home to check on him.  If Cas was too overwhelmed, he would take his work home with him and go take care of his mate and pups.  It wasn’t easy by any means, but they were managing.  Two months after the pups came home Abby brought up the press conference Dean had promised.  He had kept his family out of the spotlight so much that city was starting to feel like maybe he didn’t really want to share himself, and that he didn’t see himself as equal like he had promised he did.  It was something he needed to nip now so if he decided to run again later, his chances would be good.  Over dinner one night he brought it up to Cas.
“Cas?”  He barely got two steps out of the bathroom before the heavy scent of slick hit him.  His eyes locked on his mate, who was lying in the bed working himself open.
“Maybe I should have brought the girls by tonight rather than this morning,”  Sam frowned.  Both his brother and Cas looked exhausted.
“You can touch me Dean, I like it when you do,” he said softly.  Dean’s hands came up to run up Cas’ legs, disappearing under the towel as they came to rest over the firm muscles in his ass.  The Omega gasped, leaning forward and putting his arms around Dean’s neck.  Slowly Dean maneuvered him until Cas was straddling him.
Dean watched his brother leave, smiling to himself as he thought about everything Sam had gone through, and how far he had come in the last few years. His baby brother finally had a worthy mate, and would be treated well.  That was all he had ever wanted for him.  To hear Sam talk about marriage and starting a family both excited him and made him anxious.  As happy as he was for his little brother, he couldn’t help but worry about him. Sam would move out soon, and he wouldn’t need Dean anymore.  The anxious feeling stayed with him the rest of the time he was preparing lunch.  He got down a tray and filled it with the sandwiches, milk, and a fruit salad.  As he walked into the bedroom he was met by his mate, standing at the foot of the bed with his hands on his hips.
“I know.  And I promise you that our pups will always be safe, and so will you.  We’re going to push for the laws themselves to get changed, so that things are safe for Omegas everywhere and not just for our family and friends.  Only when it’s safe for everyone can we finally relax.  I don’t want our kids knowing the kind of fear that the generations before them knew.  I want the birth of Omegas to be something that is celebrated and seen as the blessing that it is, not as a shame or blight upon a family.  If every pup we ever have turns out to be an Omega I will love them and treat them the exact same as if every pup we had turned out to be an Alpha.  I’m hoping for a mix so that our kids get the opportunity to learn equality.”  Dean had pulled his mate over to the wall where the dresser used to be and slid down until he was sitting on the floor with his mate curled up in his lap.
“I know, that’s why I got this.  I talked to a lot of people and they thought this would help a lot.”  Dean led him over to the black table on their right.  “This is a hydro massage table.  I or Sam, or heck, even Gabe if he’s here, can help you get up and down from it.  It’s good for circulation, relieving the tension in your back, and will help your aching joints.  It’s safer than the hot baths I know you love.  If you need more of a deep tissue massage, and I was advised to tell you to wait until after the pups are here, that chair over there will help with that.  The table is for later.  I have a masseuse on standby, ready to come and give anyone in the house a massage whenever we need one, but I was thinking more that we’d just set up a schedule.  Want to give it a try?”  Dean rubbed his mate’s back as he spoke and Cas lit up as he described what the table could do.
“Yeah, I’m just grabbing us some pajamas.”  Dean pulled out a pair of his own sleep pants, and then found a pair of Cas’.  He tossed those to his mate and began to strip down for bed.  He put on his pajama pants and collected his and Cas’ clothes, carrying them to the laundry room.  When he came back, the bedroom was empty.
Dean jumped, spinning around to find Cas standing there, dressed in one of the tee shirts and a pair of shorts he had given him earlier.
“S-sorry, just worried about the pups.”  He nodded towards the incubator that one of the nurses was setting up.  Cas whined with the next contraction and Tess went back to checking him.
Twenty minutes later things began to calm down.  An ultrasound machine had been brought in and it was determined that Cas, while unconscious, was alright, and so were their pups.  Dean nearly sobbed with relief.
a doctor, and quite possibly a sympathizer, despite being an Alpha. She always looks thoroughly disgusted to be here, but she’s always very kind and sincere with us. It’s the guards and the men in the suits she looks at with disgust.
“He what?”  Sam asked.  Gabe looked up at him, his expression filled with a haunted sort of sadness.  He took a step closer and dropped his voice so only they could hear him.
“Oh, yes.  Dean is amazing.  He’s very loving and attentive.  He bought me a table to do hydro massages.  Those have been helping my aching back.  It hurts almost all the time now, and I can’t lie down on my stomach anymore for Dean to massage my back, so the table does it.  We keep the setting on low and I ache so much less now,”  he replied.
“Of course you did.  They want Henry to get placed quickly because it’s best for him to have a sense of normalcy, and to have that chance to bond with his new parents, and that makes it so that you have to do everything in fast forward.  Do you need anything for him?  Will you use cloth diapers for him too?  We have some new ones we could give you.”  Cas offered.  “I’m going shopping tomorrow to buy him outfits.”
“Oh, frozen ones!  Thank you!”  Cas took out the pasteles in the first bag and began stacking them in the freezer just as Sam walked in with Gabe.
“Of course not.  Alan is with him.”  Dean looked up at the other Alpha.  “And I’m not feeling anything unusual coming through the bond.  He’s very content and happy right now.”
“Can I join you?” he asked. Cas scooted forward, and Dean slid in behind him. As soon as he was settled, Cas leaned back against him.
“I’ll take you back now and get your weight and general info.”  She glanced at Dean before focusing on Cas again.  “Is your, uh, mate coming?”
Evelyn put Cas’ feet up in the stirrups and grabbed a bottle of gel, adding a bit to her fingers.  “Deep breath, this will be fast and painless as long as you stay relaxed.”
“Good!  Dean dumped the water out and is going over it again with soap and water.  I sort of had to tell him what happened.”  He hung his head, his shoulders slumping.
Cas shook his head.  “No, everything is still going perfectly fine.”  He pointed to another reporter.
“You’re lucky, Bobby’s making chicken here shortly. I’ll get you some bread to tide you over, Ellen made some this morning.” He motioned for Dean to sit down and then got down some bread and freshly churned butter.
“Ok, so how about…”  Dean ran a dozen names through his head trying to find one that fit well.  “Matthew.  Aidan Matthew Winchester.”
“She’s so alert.  I can’t believe how quiet they are.  They’re so good.  So different than Ellie and Molly were.  Did you get much work done with them?”  Cas asked.
Dean reached his brother who was trembling terribly and pulled him into his arms.  “Security!” he screamed.  Gabe was right behind him.
“Absolutely sir.  We’ll have it all ready for you in about ten minutes,” she said.  Cas smiled and nodded before returning to his seat.
Cas was surprised by that.  He had a hard time imagining all six foot four inches of the strapping male Beta sitting across from him being scared to take a knot.
“Pack law, doesn’t that dictate that the one who the crimes were committed against gets to choose the punishment?”  Michael asked.  All eyes turned to look at Sam.  Gabe noticed, and Dean saw the change in his demeanor.  He marched over to where they stood.
“You should check on Charlie in the morning as well.  I’m sure she is feeling terrible, though she couldn’t possibly have known Sam’s ex was the same Alpha as my brother.  I’m worried about her.”  He said.  Dean nodded as Cas opened the robes for him.
“Show me,”  Mordecai demanded.  Sam flinched at the order, but he was quick to obey.  He stood up and undid the robes.  Gabe stood up to help him out of them, and then Sam was pulling the linen tunic over his head.
“Here, take Evie.  I’ll go get them.”  Dean handed the pup back to Cas and got up to go find out who was crying upstairs.
One had to be careful. Vampire owned blood banks had been created for the sole purpose of providing food so they didn’t have to hunt. Some still did, they preferred it, but most relied on the banks like he did. Still, he liked the idea that he could hunt if he wanted to. Which he honestly didn’t. Mostly he just liked people watching.
“I will tell my family this, alright?”  He had somehow managed to stagger out of the kitchen and into his office, closing the door behind him.
“Yes.  Her name is Katherine Grace.  Look, she’s the spitting image of Mom.”  Dean picked his new daughter up and turned her so Sam could see her face.
The first Winchesters to walk out of the forests they’d called home for so many millennia before had left later than many others.  Nan had been an Alpha, her mate Sen, a male Omega.  They had made the trip roughly two hundred years earlier, so many of the traits that were gone in others, Dean still had.  Not all Alphas could extend their fangs and claws, but he could.  Sometimes he wondered, if he tried hard enough, would he be able to shift?  And if he could, would he be able to shift back?  As he looked at the faces watching them from the tree line, not all were in human form.  More than a handful of large wolves stood watching the ceremony.  Dean was unsure just how many generations separated him from Mordecai, and as he took his spot behind where Sam would come to stand, he nodded at his cousin.  Mordecai nodded back.
“Is she a Beta?  She has so many friends,”  Cas asked wistfully as they watched the main character rushing from wedding to wedding.
“He’s adopted.  His mother was from The District, and she was murdered.  He was going to be dumped into the foster care system, and we didn’t want that to happen.  Gabe went down to talk to the agency and got the ball rolling to foster Henry, and from there they adopted him.  He fits into the family so perfectly, it’s amazing.  He’s a Beta.”
“Wow, she’s active, huh.”  Dean could see a little foot moving across Jude’s belly.  The Omega smiled softly.
The house was silent after that and they assumed Theodore had moved on. They kept the bonds, since it was their house and the nephew hadn’t wanted the trunk. That made it theirs, and by law, the bonds were too. They lived very happily after that and raised two beautiful sons, right there in that very house.
“Oh, definitely.  Maybe not once I’m too big to really walk, but after I birth, yes, I’ll be back.  I’m still advising on what we should be adding to help continue to bring the area up, but this was my home for far too long to simply walk away.  You all are my family.” He reached over to take her hand and she sniffled, wiping a tear from her eye.
“Well, there are the guards,” He nodded towards the men dressed in black. “But there’s this guy. We saw him behind a glass wall on our first day. He’s the one that told us all that crap about this being our duty. He’s definitely the one that runs this place. There are the people in the white clothes that look like they belong in a 50’s movie, where they’re the nursing staff, or orderlies in the psychiatric ward. They are the ones we actually interact with. The ones with a red badge, those are actual nurses. There’s one with a blue badge though.
“I’m ok.  Dean and his brother Sam got there in time and Dean stopped him.  He sent Alistair away, and then took me back to his house.  It is a very nice house.  He’s going to let me plant anything I want in the backyard.  I definitely want roses.”
Dean smiled at his mate.  Cas could be quite pushy and demanding when he wanted to be.  He actually liked that about the man.
“About you running or about what good do I think you could do?  Because I think you can do anything you put your mind to, and I’ll support you a hundred percent.  It’s a stepping stone too.  You could run for governor next term.  Who knows, make enough change and you could someday run for president, though I’m not wearing pillbox hats.  They’re totally out of fashion,”  Cas deadpanned.  Dean looked at his husband in shock until he noticed the corners of his mouth twitch.
Dean nodded and Cas offered a small smile before Gabe left, closing the door behind him. As soon as they were alone Cas put the empty tea cup on the nightstand and turned around to face Dean. He pushed the Alpha’s legs apart and scooted closer, wrapping his arms around his mate’s waist and snuggling in as close as he could get.  He listened as Dean made phone call after phone call, marveling at how the Alpha could command others so firmly that they bent to his whim with nary an argument from those he was giving orders to, but he was nothing but gentle and loving with his Omega.
“We’ll wait in here until they come,” he said as he guided Cas to a small couch and sat down.  The Omega curled up in his lap, clinging to him.
“Tired, I was up for a while after Dean fell asleep playing that gem game on my phone.  It was fun.”  Cas snickered before popping a honey covered strawberry in his mouth.
“No, they’re not, and the policy in my company is that everyone is equal.  Sometimes that conflicts with state or local laws though.  I try not to set up in places like that, but sometimes the laws change after I’ve already established a shop and have a regular clientele coming in.  That makes it harder to close up and move, but I’ve done it before.  I think it will be to my benefit if anyone decides to dig into my past to see where exactly I have always stood on Omega rights.”  Dean held out the tablet for Cas to take.  “That’s the plans for your old building.  It will be gutted and completely revamped.  All the Omegas have already been relocated to other buildings.  I also dropped the rent to reasonable levels.  I see no reason to extort money from them just because they’re Omegas.  You know that’s what was happening, right?  The high rent was to force Omegas into prostitution.  I had Chuck do some research and most of the Alphas that owned the buildings in The District were involved in some way in prostitution.  I have dropped the rent for all the buildings by half.  I also talked to the mayor to look into the utilities and see if they are charging at a higher rate because of the area too.  If they are, he’s making a push for the first laws to be changed.  If that doesn’t work, I’m looking into buying them out.”
“What Alphas are staying with you all?” Dean asked. “Some of them I trust. They’ll help us get out of here because they want out too. Victor is an FBI agent. He was sharing a cell with me at that prison before we were brought here.”
“It was my pleasure, and I look forward to working with you again in the future.  Be well.”  She gave a small wave as she headed for the door.
In the weeks leading up to trick or treating he was unsuccessful in getting the mask away from her. The only place she wasn’t allowed to take it was to school. It had to stay in the car, something she was not a big fan of. Then Halloween night came. She still refused to give the mask up.
“Dessert, little brother.  I had some leftovers, so I brought them home,”  Gabe replied.  They were just sitting down to eat when the alarm beeped again.  Dean wasn’t concerned, Alan was watching the door.  A minute later Sam was lurching past the kitchen doorway with his bag.  He disappeared into his room, returning a minute later.  When he walked in the kitchen he smiled.
“Four.”  Dean replied.  He was sitting next to Cas, one arm draped over the back of his husband’s chair.  He smirked at Gabe when he saw the man’s jaw drop.
“I’ve got you, Sam.  He’s never going to touch you again, that’s my solemn promise to you.”  There was steel in Gabe’s voice, and Dean could see then what a truly strong Alpha he was.  He was the mate Sam had always wanted.  Dean was glad his brother had him now when he needed him most.
“It’s not.  Someone has died.”  Dean was out of the bed and throwing on a tee shirt before Cas could react.
“Do you know how to work on cars too?”  Dean asked as he turned his gaze back to Alfie.  Cas was setting a sleepy Kate into the third swing, and he reached out to take Alex from Dean’s arms.
“I know, sweetheart, I know.  You’re doing such a good job.”  Dean kissed his mate’s shoulder and let Cas squeeze his hand as hard as he needed to.  Even as the last pup was born they continued to watch Doctor Sanders working on their son.
Her logic amused him and before he could talk with her about this any further, Dean came walking in. He had Emma on one hip and a fluffy teddy bear with their son’s face on the other.
“Go, gather the guests in the seating area where the reception was to be held.  After that, can you please check on our pups?  I need to bear witness for Sam, and I’m taking Cas with me.”
“Yeah, ok.”  Sam grabbed his phone off the nightstand and Dean gave him one last nod before returning to his room.  Cas was no longer in the bed but he could hear water running in the bathroom.  The sick scent of throw up carried in to the bedroom through the open door.
“I’m going to make a few calls and see how the prospects are looking for a rental house that meets my specifications.  If I can’t find one that does, I’ll just buy a house and leave it to Sam when I take Cas back home,”  Dean sighed.
“His name is Dean.  Yes, he is very attractive.  He has dark blonde hair, almost a light brown, and bright green eyes.  He has freckles all over his face too.”
Dean blushed and squirmed in his seat. "I know most of my friends have already had sex, and lots of them are mated already, but I-I
Dean sniffed at the meat too.  “It’s not venison which I know is a staple of the diet here.  My guess is rabbit, maybe bear.”
!”  She bellowed.  All voices stuttered to a stop.  “You will respect Mr. Winchester and remember, he did not have to speak to a single one of you.  This is a privilege and he is trying to explain what occurred in the death of Alistair Crane, for which there are no less than nine eye witnesses to corroborate his story.  There will be no more interruptions or you will not get to question Mr. Winchester, his mate, or his brother in law.  Have I made myself clear?”  The room was as silent as a tomb.  Abby motioned to Dean to continue and he stepped up to the mic again.
“I might have to break the first one.  Let’s hope I don’t.”  She pulled out a stopwatch and when the next contraction hit, she timed it.
Dean said.  Now that he mentioned it, Cas could feel the extra nipples.  In fact, they extended clear down his belly, almost to his groin.
“Fuck you, Dean,” Gabe jabbed a finger in his direction. “You know damn well I’d follow my brother.”
“Water broke,”  Doctor Sanders announced.  The water was tinged red with blood.  Tess returned, hurrying over to the tub when she saw they were all fussing over Cas.
Cas gasped.  “Really?  Oh!  I’m so happy for you!”  He got up and went around the counter to hug his brother. “You will bring your mate by, yes? I would love to meet him. I have so much stuff I can give you, too! Clothes and blankets and other stuff too!”
“What’s her name?”  Tess asked as she drained the tub and refilled it.  Sam helped her dispose of the placenta, and she took a few minutes to jot down the birth time.
The cemetery was bleary and drab, the drizzle falling had not stopped in three days. Everything was soggy and reaching the burial site had proven difficult. Anyone in dress shoes had mud squishing around inside them, but no one really cared. They were there to mourn the dead,  not worry about a little mud.
“She’s not my mate.  Ellen said you thought she was my mate.  She’s not.”  Dean said.  Cas dropped his arms, tilting his head as he studied the man in front of him.
“Hey, can I talk to you about something?  Since we’re going to be sitting here like this for a little while yet.”
He helped Cas out of his shirt and pants, holding his breath as he tossed them aside.  The pants were ruined, no way to salvage them, but the rest was ok.  Cas’ boxers were soaked now with slick and he was whimpering, clawing at Dean as he tried to crawl into his lap.
“Tomorrow is the appointment to get Cas checked out.  From there, I think I want to wait until he’s really showing and we can’t hide it any more.  Elections are in November.  I have to talk to Abby but I think it could boost our popularity.  Show that we’re a happy, healthy family unit.”
“It’s alright baby, I promise.”  Dean went back to running his fingers through Cas’ hair, but the Omega wasn’t purring anymore.  Instead he was scrolling down the page, looking at the cribs and dressers, changing tables and swings, not uttering a single word.
The night was getting cold so he ushered them inside to get them into their pajamas. Dean had promised them a scary movie and had It’s the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown loaded and ready to watch. If they didn’t like it he had Scooby-Doo and the Ghoul School as a backup. Thankfully both girls like Snoopy so he figured they’d like that one.
“I am truly lucky that my mate is such an amazing and thoughtful person.  He has big plans to help Omegas everywhere,”  Cas told her.
The server was a mated Omega with a warm but tired smile.  She led them to a booth near the front and handed them both menus.
“Oh geez, they’re really speculating out there.  Implying there are complications.  Do you want me to go out there and talk to them?  Looking at the cameras there’s a hoard out there.  Security can’t get rid of them,”  Charlie said as she walked back in the room.  She had a tablet in hand, and she showed it to Dean.  There were reporters out there by the dozens.  She wasn’t kidding.
“Yeah, you heard me right.  Papa wants cupcakes, so I made cupcakes, but only little girls get cupcakes, not wolf pups.  You made Papa upset.  Daddy doesn’t like it when you make Papa upset, so if you want princess cupcakes, you need to shift back.
“Yeah, I know.  I’m glad the girls are walking now.  It’ll be hard enough toting around four newborns.  I don’t want to have to carry them, too,” he sighed.
Setting the condoms aside, Gabe popped the top on the lube and poured some over his fingers.  He smirked when he caught the scent of cherries. Though he was shorter, Gabe wasn’t letting that stop him one bit.  His lips found their way back to Sam’s chest and down his stomach as he nudged the Beta’s legs open and with one slick finger began circling the man’s rim.
“I happen to have both,” Cas stepped closer as they entered the building and started for the stairs. “Would you like some company? Watching scary movies is always more fun when you have someone to enjoy them with. I could come by in say...thirty minutes? Will Emma be in bed by then?”
