“Then what else is wrong?” Greg penned him in place with his anxious gaze.
He smiled and shook his head. “And I told you that I will not bargain with an Omega for an Alpha’s pistol. You should not be handling such things.”
“Is Harry coming too?” John whispered to Sherlock.
When he heard a gentle thump, he stared at the small door that had popped open in the side of the wagon. He saw only a flash of steel and some green wool wrapped around some papers before Sherlock slapped it closed.
Taking his hands, Molly smiled at the same time she blinked back tears.
“You need only deduct what you believe is a fair price from what you ask for the pistol.”
John sighed as he offered yet another excuse for his missing mate. Where was Sherlock? He was torn between fury and anxiety. It was not like Sherlock to leave like this. Was it? John almost laughed aloud. He could not guess what Sherlock might do, because he was still almost as much a stranger as on the day they’d met.
Sherlock’s respect for the baron increased tenfold when his voice remained calm. “That is not what I said, Albert. I must give the whole of this more thought.”
Although he was unsure as to how it could be made worse, John nodded.
“You would have left me to mourn, you mean.”
Sherlock smiled, but it was the coldest smile John had ever seen. “Oh that, you’re right. Mayhap someday I will be able to claim that title.”
for once again being my guiding light and pointing out my ridiculous mistakes.
“John, you must let me explain,” he said quietly.
“Why don’t we what?” He grasped John’s arm. When Sir Albert’s other hand inched along John’s shoulder toward his collar, his smile broadened. “Where is that warmth you offered to Holmes instead of my son?”
“’Tis as good an explanation as any, I believe.”
“This is unseemly. You should-”
With a chuckle, Sherlock kissed her proffered cheek.
Also, thank you to those who were so patient through the wait between chapters. Life got real and motivation was sorely lacking.
“So you sought shelter in a barn?” When John gaped at her, his aunt held up a piece of straw. “Don’t look at me as if I’ve read your mind, child. This fell off your trousers.”
“As am I.” She grinned. “Better than fine.
"Le... " He cleared his throat." Lestrade, let me know if your buffoons are unable to put together the obvious scene in front of them. I'll give you a statement tomorrow."
“She has a good eye for a young one.”
Greg’s mouth twisted. “When I interrupted you and Sherlock?”
“You have the choice of releasing me or of being sorry if you do not.”
“So why did you set up this charade? Do you love each other so much that you were willing to chance ruining yourselves this way?”
“No, the French. You might be mistaken for the escaped prisoner.”
He wanted to snarl that he would prefer either of the Moran’s to a French pig, but he must remain silent.
“He expected that I would wear it when I was married.” John set the box on his bed and linked them through his cuffs.
Sherlock’s finger under his chin brought John’s face toward his. The strong odor of gunpowder vanished as he was caught anew by Sherlock’s gaze. As when they had stood on the road yesterday, the glint of humor had vanished from his eyes. The strength of the emotions burning within them unsettled John. Sherlock might jest with Harry and charm his great-aunt and prattle with his father about matters of little import, but Sherlock Holmes was more than the carefree peddler he portrayed so well. What was he hiding?
“Listen to her.” Greg shook his head then pushed his dark hair out of his face. “Barely out of her infancy and trying to sound like a swell upon the Season.”
“Did you decide what to do about you and Sherlock?”
Sebastian recoiled from John's sharp tone, and Molly put her hands to her lips to conceal a giggle. Sebastian included Molly in his scowl as he said, “You do not need to snap at me like an old tough. “
He said nothing as Aunt Hudson walked with him up the stairs to his bedchamber.  John should have guessed from the tilt of her chin that Auntie would not be satisfied with asking a single question.
He started to say yes, then shook his head. “If Sebastian sees you, he may not guess that I have skipped the rest of the beating of the bounds. Then he won’t come looking for me.”
“He also tells me you are quite reluctant to part with it.” Lord Watson chuckled as he poured a glass of wine. “I should warn you that I’m reluctant to assist her in outfitting herself for the commission she has been seeking, although she thinks me oblivious to her plans.”
is as ever the most patient person ever.
“He never mentioned anything about not coming.” John kicked a pebble ahead of him. “I am sure he will be at the ball tonight.”
Mr. Holmes kicked the rock away from the wheel and grasped the reins. “As it seems we’re at an impasse here, it seems it would be wise to put an end to the conversation. I trust I might still seek shelter at Watson Hall?”
“Yet you seduced him and planned to leave him?”
“Shall you storm back in the other direction or plow straight through?” Sherlock leaned against the stone wall and smiled at him.
Giving her a kiss on the cheek, he quickly obeyed when Aunt Hudson ordered, “Sit there by those two handsome young Alpha’s and be a good chaperone for your aunt who still likes to hear good-looking young Alpha’s vie to beguile her with courtly promises.”
He swept John up against him as he captured his lips. All John’s fantasies of this moment vanished, weak shadows compared to this glory. The tip of Sherlock’s tongue brushed his lips, sending quivers of sensation to the very tips of his toes.
John fought to keep his shoulders from sagging in defeat.  Sir Albert knew Sherlock’s real name.  How could thins have happened?  Cold coursed through him.  Sir Albert must be the leader of the smugglers. His cohorts could have brought him the truth, although he though Sherlock wise enough to seek out the smugglers’ chief without revealing his own loyalties.
After she swung up to sit next to her great-aunt, Harry slapped the reins on the horse and drove on toward the gate.
“I’m glad.”
“Worse than the life he endured here with his father?”
“Sir Albert.”
“Cannot? Why not?”
“Don’t be so prim, John.”
“Did he?”
Sherlock smiled. He understood the question for what it was. A query less about a weary traveler and more about what news might be had and from where.
Looking out at the sea that was empty in the afternoon sun, he saw a bank of fog rising near the horizon. He shivered. A foggy night was the best time for smugglers and for a clandestine invasion of the village.
“Mr. Watson?”
Sherlock was not sure he had the strength to step away again, but he did. He would be gone soon. He could not make a jumble of John’s life by surrendering to this ecstasy. Without another word, he turned and walked away.
“The waltz?”
“The matter of payment for my food and shelter.”
“No, I don’t.”
“How about with the truth?”
“Is that so?” Sir Albert crushed flowers as he stepped toward John. Laughing at John’s dismay, he said, “I wish to speak to you now, John.”
“But I must hurry back to Watson Hall.”
“That is why this year,” Molly said with another giggle and a guilty glance toward where her father was speaking with Lord Watson and Mr. Donovan, “he is going only as far as the end of the pier. He figures he can get back to dry land on his own two good legs if a storm threatens.”
"How many times have I told you to quit swanning off after people?!"
Sherlock set his cup back on the table. Mayhap he had misunderstood John. No, his ashen face warned that Sherlock had heard correctly. “That is preposterous!”
“I’m so sorry, Mr. Holmes.”
One of the men squatting by what was unmistakably a map asked, “How does this Omega know you, sir?”
“The French have agreed to peace?” asked Greg eagerly.
John opened the door and peeked in, “Father, I must speak with you.”
Hearing the question he knew was not directed to him, he turned to see Harry speaking to Sherlock.  “Not that anyone has said,” Sherlock answered. His face was somber as he looked across to the gate, where more people were wandering into the courtyard.
Harry muttered, “Sherlock…”
“Have they convinced him to say anything?”
He had his host’s complete attention now. As the tall baron came to his feet, Lord Watson asked, “Any news of an invasion?”
“A chance?” John’s voice remained steady, only because he exerted all his will. “To do what? Force me to become his lover in the garden?”
He waited for the two men to go down the stairs and the slipped out of the room. He needed some fresh air to scour away the distaste left from eavesdropping on the conversation.
He pounded on the wood; then, when he got no answer, he peeked through the window. Was someone moving in there?
“Welcome home, Auntie,” she said with a smile.
Before he had a chance to greet Miss Donovan, Harry burst out of the darkness, skidding to a halt. She almost tripped over an uneven stone, but Sherlock caught her before she could fall face-first onto the terrace.
“Very much.”
It is not right that one man should laugh at another’s misfortune.” Her lips twitched. “Or for one’s
“Did you plan to tell me before you left?”
“I was denied having your papa when he chose your father.” Sir Albert tipped John’s face back.  “You are the image of him, mayhap even more lovely.  I will not lose you, too.”
John’s smile faded. “Sherlock – “
“Don’t you understand?” He shook his head and sighed. “That is just what I mean. You see only a glorious end to the war in Napoleon’s defeat while those here, who have so much to lose, are willing to consider other alternatives.”
“You were walking in this direction, so I thought I would walk with you as far as the stables.” He smiled, and his teeth glittered in the same light of the rising moon. “Unless you have changed your mind, of
“I have learned with experience that the best negotiations are those done with at least an appearance of camaraderie.” Watson filled his own glass and sat again. “I would like to see this pistol that my son has praised so highly, Holmes.”
When Sherlock entwined their fingers and led John to where Reverend Hooper was waiting, John whispered, “You don’t need to do this.”
“Such language!” Sherlock tapped John’s nose. “But an annulment was not among those second thoughts on my mind right now.”
“Sherlock,” he said, trying to keep the panic from his voice, “Sir Albert is walking toward us.”
“Good morning!” He called before stooping to push a rock under the front wheel.  John’s eyes widened as the man, no, alpha straightened again.  This was not the usual peddler type to grace their small town.  Neither wizened nor gnarled, he stood tall, his black curls shining in the bright sun.
“And if you were not?”
“But not like this,” he whispered.
“Do not remind me of what shall be my eternal shame!”
Rhythmic beeping.  Whooshing.  Taste of plastic.
“I believe Mr. Watson is disturbed by your strong words.” Sherlock said.
The most difficult moment, the moment when they had to explain the most important things and reach an agreement, ended better than they had hoped for. No pretensions, reproaches or numb atmosphere. Admittedly, none of them intended to do so. But they were afraid that the inevitable conversation could lead to a tense situation. They stood opposite each other a short distance, they were able to look each other in the eye and smile friendly. It was the perfect end to their strange but interesting 'relationship' that caused so much to happen and thanks to which they understood different things.
"If you think you can't eat them, we'll order something else. You should be happy to try the exotic flavors, John." Sherlock didn't even hide his satisfaction. He stared at the friend who shook his head in amusement. After several minutes they were holding glasses with the most expensive red wine served by the restaurant.
"I can't believe you've given up ... you're looking for a way out ... not your style ..."
John shivered.
John had no problem avoiding the blow. He ducked and took a step to the side. The owner must have been slightly drunk, because John's surprising dodge staggered him, and he flew forward. He bumped into a passing man who fell on the pavement. He cursed in English, but with an American accent. He stood up immediately and grimaced in anger. He also looked drunk. The restaurant owner wanted to alleviate the situation somehow, but comrades of the American stood behind their friend. Suddenly one man pushed the other. Someone grabbed someone. In an instant, the men started to fight. And others joined them. Some even with a smile. Apparently, they were just looking for opportunities to hit someone in the teeth. The number of fighters increased with each passing moment. Some women started to scream, others pulled children to safety. Plates and glasses flew through the air, and gondoliers stood in their boats and vigorously cheered on the fighters. A humorous accent of the scene was added by a musician who gave up the Italian ballad in favor of a more rhythmic and lively song. He wasn't worried about his uncle, who, even as the owner of the restaurant, was not spared by the crowd, nor his aunt who ran out of the kitchen and shouted at him to help his uncle and break the row.
Loud laughter was heard almost across the water. It did not bother anyone, because the terrace that Mr. Coletti had booked that evening was empty. John did not even think Mycroft's friends might be such pleasant people, although Francesca charmed him from the first moment.
"And you are outshining all the women in this room," he replied, unable to take his eyes off her shapely body in a long black dress. Her hair was tied in a bun, and her long but slightly wrinkled neck was adorned with a shiny necklace. John couldn't stop smiling. He took the glass and with the other hand raised her hand and kissed her slim fingers.
Meanwhile, Mycroft stood back and ran his fingers down John's back once more. He reached for the vaseline. He took some on his fingers and began to tease John. "Can I?" he asked hoarsely.
Sherlock almost smiled. What was he supposed to do? It was unthinkable for him to leave him alone. He knew it would not be easy. It never was, but his love for John was stronger than anything else. He always wanted to be with him, look after him, and be sure that he was in no danger. It was difficult because they had always been involved in dangerous situations, but Sherlock knew that John was always doing the right thing. Of course, he had no other option. He looked up and took a deep breath to confirm his participation.
When he left the room, he didn't even wonder where his legs led him. He walked without paying attention to his surroundings, and he only regained consciousness when he sat down on one of the crimson chairs of the restaurant on the second floor. He rarely ate meals outside the room he shared with Mycroft. He regretted it right now. He regretted not getting to know all the beautiful places, whether at the hotel or outside. He regretted he did not pay much attention to people and atmosphere and regretted a bit he was persuaded by Mycroft and came with him here. If he did not know this lifestyle, luxuries, places, maybe it would be easier for him to return to the ordinary reality, which slowly reminded him of the realities in which he lived in London. He knew he would remember those two weeks spent in warm and elegant Venice many times. He will recall when he was ... in Mycroft's arms. He was like a Cinderella who was allowed to spend a beautiful night with the prince, but time was gone and he had to return to his duties.
It was clear it was difficult for John and Sherlock to sit side by side in silence right now. Sherlock fidgeted in his chair and clenched his fingers together so hard, John had no trouble seeing his white ankles. The younger genius shook his head, gave the bartender a sign he didn't need anything. When he and John were alone, neither of them spoke first. The silence was interrupted by conversations behind their backs and footsteps on the marble floor.
"Seriously, why are you running like this at this hour?" he asked, genuinely curious, though he could guess what was the reason.
Mycroft felt a pleasant chill calming his moist body. He stared at his reflection. He knew he couldn't compare to Sherlock. Their appearance was completely different, like most things. They were siblings, yet he sometimes felt like someone completely strange to Sherlock. His brother could win over friends and colleagues, but he never took them seriously. He could be nice and charming when he had a reason for it. But there were a few people, he cared about and had feelings for them. He didn't care about the rest of the people. This behavior was their only common feature. Mycroft knew that he could not - or rather did not want - see something more in people and he treated everyone with a distance. Who could not intellectually match him was not worth his attention. He wasn't like his brother because he didn't see positive qualities in other people, that's why he was alone.
"But why? I don't understand. After what happened last night, I think even he is serious enough to ...
"Oh my God...". She stopped cleaning and picked up the silver bowl. She had to look more closely because she had no idea what was inside. When she realized that she was looking at the cut off human tongues, she quickly put down the bowl with visible disgust on her face. "Oh, no. I don't want to have anything to do with it." She tensed her body and went to the door leading to the corridor. "Clean it up, Sherlock, before John returns. He's not in the best mood today." She closed the door and returned to her ground floor kitchen.
"Why?" Molly couldn't control her emotions.
He stood bent over, his hands resting on the rough wall. He lowered his gaze, but the light of the police lamp lying nearby forced him to look at the lit face of the victim. He focused on her to distract his thoughts from the insistent movements of his attacker. Despite the circumstances, he noticed her open eyes, slightly parted lips and thick curls glued to her forehead and finally... her throat... cut from ear to ear. She lay motionless in her blood. Red liquid soaked into the corners of the shawl, still surrounding her slender shoulders. She stared at the street as if waiting to be rescued.
"Is this for Francesca?" he asked.
"I knew you were going to try to hide in some unpopular place ..."
"The boy works near the water because he often rolls up his trouser legs. Before he came here, he did it too, probably a habit, but he realized it and smoothed his trouser legs. Quick enough that the girl didn't realize and so inaccurate that he didn't notice the back are still rolled up. Gondolier helpers often have to go into the water to push the boat that is stuck in the marina. However, they are obliged to the same elegance as the main gondoliers, hence the urge to roll up their pants and remove shoes. His shoes are new, but the heels are bent. He treats his shoes like sandals ... "
"What's the difference?"
He was used to Mycroft's presence. He liked when he was close and the way he treated him. Although this would seem impossible to him a sereval weeks earlier. He waited for his reaction, but Mycroft wrote something on the laptop.
"How about walking around the city?" he suggested. "And you could buy Greg some little thing. He'll be happy."
"My dear John ..."
I will not influence him," Mycroft continued a little more calmly. "I am asking you not to do it too. Because no matter what he chooses and what he intends to do, he must do it alone. Any pressure will make him wonder what would happen if ... I know that you love him like a friend. So be like a friend and support him no matter what he decides. " It was hard for him to talk. This was the first time he had faced such a situation. He had not envied his brother's friends before - and he did not have many of them - but now this relationship with John meant something more to both of them. Discussion about him has always belonged to the touchy ones. "What happened between us in Venice ...".
"I have a feeling that something is missing here. That I have forgotten something that may be needed." He felt a friend beside him. Sherlock didn't say a word. "I know I shouldn't, but for some reason, I am happy to feel this thrill. This is about the lives of many people but I ..." He paused for a moment and sighed. "You were right. I'm addicted to adrenaline." He turned his head and tried to control the shiver that overwhelmed his body. Sherlock's piercing gaze made him feel goosebumps. Sherlock was silent and stared at his body in such a way that John wanted to wrap himself in a blanket or grab his shirt. He watched a friend who opened his mouth slightly and stretched out his fingers to touch something. He realized that Sherlock's attention was focused on the red bruise on his shoulder.
Mycroft raised a corner of his mouth. "I believe you are in a better position than Mrs. Hudson, who will probably hear some comments about her cooking today." The quiet giggle that came from John's throat was the first pleasant sound Mycroft heard that day. He looked at him with pure pleasure written on his face. He was glad that despite the tense atmosphere created by recent events, he managed to make John laugh, which was often not an easy task. He would look at him longer, but he felt they were being watched. He did not want to know if he was right, and although his eyes involuntarily wandered toward the upper floor windows, he forced himself to stand still. He knew the best solution was to say goodbye to John and get in the car. He felt that he should not prolong the conversation with the doctor, although he was sincerely eager for a longer discussion and to be able to look at his silver hair, which for some reason he could not take his eyes off. He looked back, giving the soundless order for the driver to open the door for him. The man immediately left the black car and opened the side door without a word. Mycroft saw understanding in John's eyes, so he reached out his hand. John's hand was warm and the grip was firm and steady. Mycroft hesitated for a split second whether to raise his hand to his mouth, as he used to do in the last two weeks. He gave up this type of farewell. He still had the impression that somebody stared at him, so he returned the warm handshake. It lasts a little longer than necessary, but he couldn't resist. He also smiled honestly and nodded. When he got into the car, he rubbed his eyes and took a deep breath. He expected a visit to Baker Street to be stressful, but he did not expect that waiting for another meeting with John would be even more difficult for him.
"You can go back to your work now, Mycroft," he said and approached him with a gesture inviting him into the hallway. "I will inform you later about John's decision. Now, if you don't mind, I'd like to be alone with him." He stood beside Mycroft but dared not push his brother, who stood firmly in his place. "Your presence will not be necessary," he said in a slightly more irritated tone.
He knew instantly that this must be Sir Albert Moran. The handsome features of his son had grown thick with the passage of years, leaving Sir Albert with jowls that hung heavily along his jaw. Gray lined his thinning hair, and he clearly needed spectacles, because he was squinting at Lord Watson. His clothes, Sherlock noted with an appreciative eye, were as well made as his son’s. Mayhap John would hesitate to buy a piece of silk that might have been brought to England by an owl plying the Channel, but Sir Albert seemed to have no such scruples. His waistcoat was of elegant silk brocade that caught the light to shimmer with his every motion.
“This was not a rumor.”
“After a fortnight at Watson Hall, I have heard many things, including the fact that Sir Albert was most anxious to marry you himself before your father told him that would never come to pass.”
for him. “Good day, Sebastian.”
Sherlock turned his head and pressed John’s palm to his lips. The motion was not inappropriate, but the fire burning in his eyes was intensely intimate. John could not doubt what he was thinking. Sherlock regretted, as John did when he touched him so sweetly, that their marriage was one of appearance only.
“My dear child, don’t you realize that the truth is no longer important? Everyone has made up his or her mind what the truth is, and nothing you or Sherlock might do will change a single mind an iota.”
It was his misfortune that he did not belong here now.
“That’s not funny,” Harry retorted with a scowl before John had the chance to respond. “If I were head of this household, I would make certain no Moran ever stepped foot within these walls again.”
“I traded for it at a country house further inland.”
John noticed something moving near Mr. Holmes’ wagon. Who could it be? He almost chuckled when he saw moonlight on dark hair. Harry! It must be her. She’d not been able to hide her curiosity about what the peddler had in his cart. Even Father’s request that she wait until the morning to bargain with Mr. Holmes might not have been enough to keep Harry from poking around tonight.
John wanted to pour out the truth to him, but he was afraid of what else might flow from his heart when he opened it to reveal his terror at the idea of mating a man he knew he could never love. “Sherlock, you still ask far too many questions.”
“I warned you I’m no gentleman.”
The ever patient
Sherlock bent forward so his mouth was only inches from John’s ear. The pulse of his breath moved John’s hair and sent waves of unadulterated desire cascading over him. Closing his eyes, John delighted in the sensations that should have been perfect, but were wrong. When Sherlock spoke, John swallowed a moan of yearning which would complete the betrayal of the secret he hid in his heart.
“Why must you always answer a question with a question?” John slapped the top of the wagon.
John’s eyes widened. “Take care what you say.”
“This is very nice,” John whispered.
“Not the silk, no, but the white?” She smiled. “You must love him dearly, John, to go through this charade to keep him from leaving.”
“You should not be running about like that.” Miss Donovan spoke the scold as if she were Harry’s sister. “Why, I just heard the other day that Mrs. James rose from her sickbed and – “
“By plucking it?”
Chapter 13
John whispered, “Neither did I.”  He did not expect that this emptiness would ache in him when he had been so close to sampling Sherlock’s kiss and then been denied it.
“I’m impressed.”
The soldier jerked him away from the door and he gasped as he stepped into a puddle.
“Hush,” Sherlock murmured. “Do not make this worse.”
John wanted to say
“So you fought back when you knew this man could have hurt you even worse?”
John rolled his eyes. “I want to forget that night.”
He shuddered at his own poor choice of words. “Good heavens,
“No!” Father stepped between them, even though he was a head shorter than either man. His voice was calm. “You were not invited to this wedding, Albert.”
“You want me to help you with French?”
“Pardon?”
John shuffled where he stood. “I do not believe victory at any cost is worth my sister’s life.”
“They were chased off before I could be hurt worse.” For some reason, he didn’t mention Sherlock’s part in rescuing him. John had never been reticent with his friend before, but now something kept him from adding more.
“I know that.” John let his smile become sincere. “On that I never have second guessed myself.” He glanced again at the pistol which Sherlock held with the ease of a man accustomed to handling weapons. “I hope you are a better shot than she is, so she does not become overconfident.”
“Don’t ask about what I cannot tell you,” Sherlock said, his voice abruptly grim.
“What did you say?”
John struggled not to dissolve into the seductive fire. As Sherlock raised his lips, his fingers caressed John’s cheek, lingering on the curve of his mouth. John could read a craving in Sherlock’s eyes and a quiver ran down his spine.
“Inside?”
His fingers clenched on his spoon as a shadow crossed the table and draped him in velvet darkness. Raising his eyes to meet Sherlock’s, he wondered how, even in the midst of all this madness, he could have forgotten how handsome Sherlock was. Ebony curls glinted as the sunlight caressed his hair as John’s fingers longed to do. Gone was the gray tinge from his accident; a creamy glow had returned to his face. A yearning to touch Sherlock afflicted John, but he kept his fingers tightly wrapped around the spoon.
Greg stared at him, opening his mouth once, then closing it. He took a deep breath that raised and lowered his shoulders slowly before saying, “You said Sherlock is not marrying you because he loves you, but do you love him, John?”
“You surprised him. He is no fool. He will not be surprised again.” He tightened his hold on her arm. “Please, heed me on this, Harry. For once, both of us must think something through clear to the conclusion before we make a decision that could have horrible results.”
"Yes! Just like that!"
“I did. Auntie is one of a kind.”
The housekeeper didn’t restrain her laugh this time. “Master John, I am not so old as you think, and while I may only be a Beta, I can certainly still enjoy the sight of a good looking Alpha. As young as you are, I can only assume you do as well.” She smiled. “Alpha’s aren’t the only ones who can enjoy the differences between sexes.”
John stared at Sherlock’s hand, but did not put his fingers on it as he rose. Molly’s commonsensical comments echoed through his head. Why was it so easy to accept that there could be nothing between them when he was not nearby? Standing close to Sherlock like this, John forgot the obligations of rank. All he wanted was to hear his laugh and discover the flavor of his lips.
“Sherlock assures me it is.” He glanced back at the village. “I should go and see if Auntie is ready to leave.”
“No, that would cause even more poker-talk.”
“You don’t know what you are talking about,”  he whispered.
“You are a most peculiar Omega, Mr. Watson.”
Sir Albert smiled coldly.  “A marriage made under false names cannot be legal.”
Tears trail their  way down John's cheeks. Sherlock lifts his arm to brush them away. Or, he tries to. No matter how much he wills it he cannot get his arm to respond.  He glances desperately at John and John wilts further under his gaze.
“Sherlock!” John choked out. Disbelief twisted through him. Above the green uniform with its garish epaulets was the face he had seen so close to his when Sherlock kissed him. “No, Sherlock! Not you!”
“Don’t think me ungrateful for your family’s hospitality, but it is the life I chose.”
John did not answer his question. To speak of how he was hurt by Sherlock sending him away when they had such a short time to spend together would make the situation worse. Sebastian did not want to hear how he was weeping inside at the idea of Sherlock’s leaving. So instead of the truth, he spoke of the weather, of the search for the escaped French prisoner, of the recent bountiful catch brought in by the village fisherman.
The strand was light with brands as fiddle music challenged the sea.  John laughed as the music ended.  Seeing Molly glowing with joy as she gazed up at Greg, John wanted to continue to spin about in the blithe dance.  They did not need music.
“I told you!” Sebastian cried. “He took that damned peddler for his lover! He is nothing but a whore.”
“That sounds like a good idea.”
“No, I think I saw her talking with Mrs. James in the apothecary shop.”
“Sherlock Holmes?” Mr. Jensen’s nose wrinkled, giving him the appearance of an overfed puppy.
“Good evening, my lord,” Sherlock said, bowing.
That was why John should not have been startled when he was summoned to Aunt Hudson’s bright blue reception room to find Sherlock there, chatting with his great-aunt as if they were the best of friends. Sherlock had rid himself of the sling, but John noticed that each move with his right arm was cautious. It was apparently still bothering him. He was a bit astonished to discover Sherlock there, but not as amazed as he was to see Greg sitting on the gold settee beside Sherlock. John had seen his cousin even less during this fortnight than he had Sherlock, for Greg had developed a habit of dining with the Donovans.
“You haven’t?”
“Not until you hear him speak of his shame with his own lips.” Sebastian ripped John from his father’s embrace. “I want you all to hear why
He grasped John’s shoulders. “John, you are what you are, and I am what I am. What sort of future can I offer you?”
“Sebastian,” John said, “please sit and tell us what you have heard of the smugglers.”
“I will see you before week’s end, John,” he murmured as he walked toward the door.
Sherlock snatched his hands back as if John had struck him. Turning him to face him, he gasped, “Are you out of your mind?”
Mr. Holmes grimaced as he glanced at his arm. “My hands are a bit full at the moment, Mr. Watson, although I appreciate the thought.”
John prayed he’d not said those words aloud. No one must hear the doubts clamoring in his head.
“Sherlock, I - “
His hands framed John’s face as they had the night Sherlock left him alone. Only now did he know Sherlock had left Watson Hall to plot its invasion. “I would have done almost anything to keep you from learning about this until a time when the truth would not be painful for you .”
John frowned and motioned the plate away.  “You seem to have acquired Auntie’s unfortunate habit of enjoying gossip.”
A moan.
Father’s face grew as ruddy as Sebastian’s. Beside him, Harry edged forward, her hands in fists. Even Greg was scowling. Maybe he had finally realized the caliber of the men he had been hoodwinked into believing.
His gaze flickered to the Moran house, farther north and closer to the water. It hunkered there, reminding him of the shared property line between the two families’ lands and the good sense of matching her with Sebastian. Once the Moran family had been vassals of Lord Watson, but in recent centuries, they had gained prestige and wealth of their own, a fact that Sir Albert bragged about on a regular basis. Moran Park was far more exquisitely decorated than Watson Hall yet the idea of living there, being mated to Sebastian, and being the son-in-law of Sir Albert horrified him.
“Thank you.” He whispered.
“So you will not be calling there as often?”
He whirled John into his arms so swiftly that John’s feet caught on the steps and caused him to stumble.  Sherlock’s arms kept him from falling as their lips met. As Sherlock’s kiss deepened, demanding that John give himself to his passion, Johns fingers climbed Sherlock’s arms to wrap around his nape. Sherlock pulled him even closer when John’s fingers touched the skin beneath his high collar.
Coming to his feet, he gave his younger sister a kiss on the cheek, always surprised at how much taller she’d grown in the past year. He held a hand out to Greg and smiled. Both Alpha’s more closely resembled his father’s side of the family. John, on the other hand, was the spitting image of his Omega papa. Greg gave him a kiss on the cheek. “You look quite aglow this evening, my dear cousin. Can it be that you expect a visit from an ardent suitor?”
Sherlock stood and padded toward John in his stockinged feet. When John backed into the bed he flinched. Sherlock’s eyes widened in shock when John pulled away from his outstretched hand again. “Why this sudden timidity? You have never been averse to my touch.”
When Sherlock drew him closer, John’s gaze settled on his lips before rising along the firm line of his nose. He noticed, as he had not before, the amber sparks in the azure fire of Sherlock’s eyes.
that leads one to making another.”
“You sweet, naïve fool.”
Looking away, John tried to force back the tears which threatened when he whispered, “No, Sherlock, do not tell me the truth now. Let me believe the lie that you cared for me.”
“I never intrude on Father’s business.”
They just did not know that the leader of the French spies was in their midst.
“I have nothing of import to say.”
“Sherlock…” John sighed with delight as Sherlock’s mouth glided along his neck while he continued to guide John through the steps of the waltz.  The music from the fiddles and drums did not match their steps but it did not matter.
Instead of kissing him, Sherlock sat, his back to John. John reached out to touch his back, but halted his fingers when Sherlock said, “I have had a long day, dear mate. Why don’t you go to bed so I can sleep?”
He ran his fingers along John’s cheek, then down his neck. When they brushed the curve of John’s throat where it met his collar, John’s hand rose to his. Not to push his questing fingers away, but to keep them against him.
John pulled away. “Attack? Sherlock, you are making something out of – “
“And he lets a young Omega such as you wander the countryside without a chaperone?”
Greg threw open the door beside him and called out, “Jameson, why did you stop like that?”
He was somewhat surprised to find that the man working at the desk looked little like John Watson. The father was tall, thin boned, and pale while Mr. Watson had been small and golden as a ray of sunshine. What remained of Lord Watson's hair was a dark gray, where Mr. Watson's had been blonde. Only their storm blue eyes were similar.
“Do not fret on my behalf.” Molly smiled gently. “It would be worse if Greg pretended to feel something he does not.”
He looked at his friend. He was terrified because John's face was pale, almost blue with terror. He seemed to stop breathing and didn't look up. He stood staring straight ahead, his fists clenched. He didn't answer the questions. He moved only when Sherlock put his hand lightly on his shoulder. However, this was not the reaction he expected. He didn't think John would ever flinch and stand back, feeling his closeness. Sherlock felt a piercing shock and pain when John jumped in surprise, knocked his hand away, and stood against the wall. Dozens of thoughts immediately appeared in his head about why his friend had reacted in this way. One thing was certain. They must have known each other for a long time. But what did they have in common? Any close relationship? Sherlock shuddered at the thought. He had found himself once in a situation where John's past had made him sadly conclude that his friend had other relationships and friendship. Whatever it was, it didn't end well. John's reaction was proof. And although Sherlock felt the pain of rejection and the pain of John's torment, he decided to find out what connected his best friend with the mysterious man from the secret cell.
The room was silent. Everybody without problems could hear Mrs. Hudson, who was bustling downstairs in her kitchen. John, just like Sherlock, was looking at Mycroft. Older genius, the head of government and - as it seemed to the doctor - friend of the queen - stood in the middle of the room, leaning on his umbrella. His clenched jaw indicated that he was regretting his own words. However, there was no turning back now.
No one commented. Sherlock finally broke the uncomfortable silence. "Molly, I think it will be better if you go to your room. Someone's teeth will start to fall on the floor in a moment," he growled in a low voice. He didn't like the way Aaron looked at John. Although he was never prone to violence, he felt itching in his fingers.
"Where's your Mycroft?" she asked, looking around. She did not do it vigorously but discreetly. She was so stylish and elegant doing that. John was impressed by her from the first meeting, and he still couldn't get over the admiration that she could keep the class by making even such small movements. Thinking about the answer, he looked toward the door to Sherlock's room. He wasn't sure if it would be prudent to say that Mycroft's younger brother had arrived at their hotel the night before, just because he wanted to keep an eye on them. He didn't even know how much Mycroft allowed others to know about himself. He wasn't sure if Francesca was privy to his family relationship. However, he decided to avoid this topic and let Mycroft deal with it alone.
John lowered his arms with visible relaxation. "And?" he asked when he understood the meaning of Mycroft's words. "Can I enter the house without fear, or should I prepare for a hurricane?"
"That's my plan ...", the detective nodded.
The man let out a soft, even sincere laugh. "It's all about decisions, isn't it? Decisions made in a hurry, in a panic. Made with the heart instead of the head... or vice-versa. Sometimes those decisions take a long time to have repercussions. But there are repercussions. There are always repercussions", he added very slowly.
"Wait, Mycroft ..." John stopped him. "So, you need someone who will pretend to be your partner for two weeks?"
"Why now?".
"Don't drag it on." He looked at John with gentle but pleading eyes. He was calmer. He reluctantly let his friend go alone, but he felt he should do just that. John's warm smile calmed him down again that day. When the soft click of the door closed in the hall, Sherlock decided to speed up the waiting time for his return. He could deal with any unfinished experience or study an article that interested him. He could also wander around the flat aimlessly and count down the minutes to John's return. However, he knew that the best way to fight against time was to immerse himself in his thoughts. In the palace, where he kept all memories of John. Where emotions directly affected the picture he had at the moment. Yes. It was the best and most pleasant way to survive the upcoming hours. He wanted to have perfect conditions, so he covered all the windows in the living room, closed the door and stopped the waving paw of the cat of luck, which he had bought for John for Christmas a few years earlier. The toy often made strange noises. John explained that it broke and had to be thrown, but Sherlock did not agree. He kept the cat on the shelf on his side and did not allow it to be moved, even during cleaning, when Mrs. Hudson drove them out of the apartment and did not allow them to return until she cleared the dusty and cluttered living room.
“Ah. There it is.”
“Watch what you say!”
“Father enjoys the chance to talk to strangers.” He hesitated then asked. “Is he buying the pistol?”
Hours later, when the last guest had departed and Aunt Hudson had expressed the last of her many, far from subtle hints that the newly mated couple might wish to be alone, John was silent as he walked along the hall to the bedchamber that would be his no longer. He fidgeted with his cufflinks and listened to Sherlock’s footsteps behind him.
When his hand brushed John’s arm, he drew back in dismay. He did not want to delight in a traitor’s caress. “Don’t touch me!”
Mr. Jensen picked up the packet, glanced at it, then smiled. “Ah, I had forgotten about this. Thank you for delivering it, Mr. Watson.”
“So you thought you could forget about marriage? Mating? I thank heavens that your papa is not here to see this. What your aunt will think…” He shook his head.
“Do you? Do you really?” Sherlock asked to John’s back.
Sherlock coursed his fingers along John’s shoulders. When he bent to whisper, his breath swirled around John’s ear, feverish and tempting. “Whether you believe it or not, I shall never betray
He hoped it would never come.
“Captain Huillet, you have an English husband?” Sergeant LaVelle asked; then he laughed as his gaze raked John again. “But what Alpha is interested in politics when he has an Omega as fair as this one?”
Sherlock frowned and kneaded his shoulder carefully.
“After all, a minister’s daughter would be a good addition to this family that seems too often in trouble of late.”
John despised the smugglers, who broke the King’s laws, but a lack of loyalty was the most vile crime he could imagine. He could never mate with anyone who would betray another. He intended to tell Father that.
“So you won’t let me practice on you?”
“Except to stay away from the military.”
“That is at least the fifth time you have mentioned the peddler,” she said, smiling. “Did he really unsettle you so greatly?”
“One of the reasons?” Sherlock took John’s hand and drew him closer. When his fingers curved along John’s cheek, he whispered, “What is the other reason?”
Sherlock smiled. “Not as well as I let your friend Moran think, but not as bad as the compassion in your eyes suggests.” As John handed him a cup of tea and poured a second for himself, Sherlock asked, “Why do you put up with that cur?”
“John!” Sebastian's irritatingly impatient voice tore into John's fantasy shredding it.
“Of what?”  John whispered, even though he feared he already knew.
for Greg. A few months back, his cousin called on Molly several times, and there had been murmurs about a possible marriage. Then Greg began visiting Miss Sally Donovan regularly. Although he spoke more of Miss Donovan’s brother, Andrew, everyone expected an announcement at any moment.
“It’s too late for the truth.”
John sat in the chair by the window as he toweled his hair dry. He couldn’t keep from glancing out into the steady rain. What a witless air-dreamer he was! He could not halt his heart from beseeching his gaze to seek the drive to discover if Sherlock was coming through the gate. He would not be returning to Watson Hall.
“The truth? Do you even know what that is? Our whole life is a lie. Have you enjoyed your game with my heart, Captain Huillet?”
“Father would not mind.”
“I would be joyous if just one of you other than Sherlock would comprehend what I think.”
They were halfway across the garden, separated from the house by the copse at the edge of the water garden when John halted midword and Sebastian’s arm clamped around his waist.  John almost yelped when he was whirled against Sebastian.
“And that was the silliest thing you have ever done.”
His laugh vanished into Sherlock’s mouth as he pulled John into his arms. Sherlock had tried to persuade himself that this intoxicating pleasure had been only his imagination, honed by arms that had been empty too long. He had been wrong. As his mouth coursed along John’s neck, John trembled. His soft gasp of Sherlock’s name caressed his ear and ricocheted within him, setting his every nerve afire.
Harry gave him a withering frown. “You might as well guessed that the sun was just seen rising on the moon. The French prisoner has escaped.”
“You call him by Sherlock or his real name?”
The ballroom shimmered with candlelight. Sherlock knew a peddler was as out of place here as a Cyprian taking tea with their lover’s mate. The baron’s guests, each of them dressed with an elegance that made his road-worn clothes look even more threadbare, glanced at him with curiosity as he walked through the magnificent room which sparkled with crystal and gilt.
“It is.” Greg bent and took John’s hands.  “Now tell me what is amiss with you. Are you still worried about the French prisoner?”
Sherlock laughed, hoping his joking would ease the fear in John’s eyes. “I suspect you may be right.”
“He did not choose to take part in the beating of the bounds,” John said.
“Not so succinctly as you have, but he did say he would be prepared.”
“Are you certain? The navy?”
When Sherlock held out his had to him, he hesitated. John did not want his touch to bewitch him into putting aside his fear for Harriet.
“How are you feeling?” John asked, his voice barely more than a whisper.
He winced at John’s words.
Suddenly, the rain came down as if a wave had erupted up out of the sea. His hair clung to his forehead as it was drenched. Lightning flashed. When thunder sounded only seconds later, he flinched.
“So you’ve said over and over.” John frowned at him. He was talking in circles, which was even more irritating than Sherlock’s habit of doing so when he first arrived at Watson Hall. Sherlock had been hiding something then.  Was Greg hiding something now? “It might be that simple if you would explain what you mean.”
“I know what’s in there!”
Edging to his door, he opened it to hear Reverend Hooper greeting his father. If no one halted this madness, he would be marrying Sherlock Holmes to right a wrong they had not committed.
“What can I do? Accuse Sherlock of lying?”
When a bowl of porridge was placed in front of him, he asked, “Harry, will you pass the sugar, please?”
John stepped back when the door opened. Auntie went in, motioning for him to stay where he was. Candles burned on every surface within the chapel, their flames keeping the sunlight from reaching far past the stained glass. Instead of being empty, the chapel was filled with the household staff and Molly. John wanted to rush forward and take his friend’s hands and ask her help to find a way out of this mess. When he saw no one standing by the alter, his heart thudded against his chest. Where was Sherlock? Had he - ? He did not want to consider any of the reasons he might not be here.
"What about Francesca?"
He stood nonchalantly, leaning against the door frame. As usual, he had a perfect hairstyle, shiny eyes, and a beautiful smile. A gray three-piece suit and a gold tie woven with green thread made him look just astonishing. He was holding a single red rose, which he rotated between his fingers. He was surprised to see Molly. The surprise lasted a split second because a moment later he grinned and winked seductively at her.
The silence lasted a long time. Several hansom cabs passed them before Holmes withdrew his hands. He returned to the previous position. His eyes narrowed even more, and his lips curved into a slight grimace. "Did you see his face?"
"But the newspapers said that this congress would take place there ..." John did not hide his surprise. He watched Mycroft, who had just finished working on the laptop. He closed it slightly and turned to John.
"I'm injured, not old," he admonished him, but he didn't feel a bit offended, but amused at his own clumsiness.
"Coffee. The strongest you have" he replied with a slight smile.
John shuddered at the sound of his familiar name. He looked at Sherlock with his eyes wide open and gritted his teeth.
The older man looked into his eyes, then turned and headed for the plane. "I can assure you, John, that the only thing Sherlock can't overcome is his stubbornness. I doubt my brother will let go of his rivalry with me, especially when it comes to you. I wouldn't be surprised if he tried to mess up my plans."
"Too bad it's the end. This is my first time and I think I will always envy Mycroft..." he said, sipping champagne.
God, another - guess what I mean - person. Why would everyone in Mycroft's surroundings have to be so mysterious and inaccessible? What was the problem in answering the question honestly, even if the answer was not pleasant? John already knew why Anthea and Mycroft got along so well. They both avoided deeper conversations and did not interfere in their private lives. It was a perfect arrangement that had worked for years and John thought it would last for the next years.
John sighed softly. "No thank you, Mycroft. I think I'll go to bed." He got up from the couch. "It was an intense day."
They drove into the centre of Whitechapel. On one side, there was a large square. On the other, - buildings that look like brothels in the darkest part of the neighbourhood. Curtains fluttered between broken windows, and the smell reminded them of one thing - death. The carriage stopped in front of a gloomy brick building. The dark streaks on the walls were covered by drying brown moss. Even the horses seemed nervous. They snorted and stomped, hooves hitting on the pavement. The coachman barely stayed in the seat as soon as he lashed out with the reins. The horses lurched forward, almost instantly turning into a full gallop.
"What ?! Are you putting me in the position of an evil brother now?" Sherlock couldn't believe Mycroft dared to speak to him that way.
"Uhh, John ... ah!"
"Sorry, John, but I refuse. It will be better for both of us if we spend the rest of the trip separately." Maybe he would be more convincing if he didn't avoid the doctor's eyes. He stood staring ahead. The orange sun warmed his pale face.
"What do you mean?" Molly asked. She was confused, but before she could ask anything else, John reacted even faster.
The detective's voice caught his attention. He realized that the man hadn't taken his eyes off him this whole time. It concerned him a little, and at the same time sent a strange feeling that turned his stomach. But how did he know he was ...
John focused all his attention on Sherlock but saw Aaron Stoner out of the corner of his eye. He was sitting in one of the armchairs by the fireplace. He was holding a cell phone in his hands and he was smiling under his breath. John was about to look away when he suddenly heard Aaron's voice.
Francesca watched two men who unconsciously looked deeply into each other's eyes with smiles on their faces. She was going to sit longer and stroke the glowing spark between them, if not Franco. Mr. Coletti probably had enough of this sentimental scene, because he put a chilled bottle of wine in the middle of the table and rubbed his hands, letting them know that they should do something more pleasant than discussing feelings. They talked long and vigorously, but neither Mycroft nor John looked so absorbed in new topics. Francesca could see them glancing at each other and exchanging comments using more emotional voices. She liked what she saw. She was not happy when she had to get ready to leave. She reluctantly released John from her arms, and he did not seem happy having to say goodbye to her at the door too. Even Mycroft stood patiently as she kissed his cheeks. She handed them a small gift, wrapped in a red box and decorated with a golden ribbon, as a farewell gift. She regretted that her stay did not last longer. She wanted to stay with John and Mycroft for a few more days, but she understood they had other responsibilities. She hoped it wasn't the last time she could enjoy John's company. She told Mycroft about it of course.
"You know, Mycroft... if I didn't know you, I'd say that you either like the training you do as you climb our stairs so often, or you have a soft spot on someone here ... However, in your case, it is simply impossible".
The afternoon was beautiful. The four of them walked around the city and admired Venice's architecture. They spent several hours between the narrow streets of the city and saw crowded places, besieged by tourists. They ate dinner in one of the inexpensive, but elegant restaurants in the middle of the city.
"I love you".
They have been looking for a place for a long time. John's most important criterion was the smell that came from the kitchen. For Molly, the look of the restaurant and surroundings. Mycroft paid the most attention to the prices of served dishes. Sherlock didn't care where they were going. They wandered around the city until they finally reached the main channel, where both the number of hotels and tourists suggested that it was in this area that the food was the best. Nearby restaurants were full of people. The buzz of conversations was mixed with the laughter and sounds of music played live by bands of several people. In the end, they were so hungry that they decided to enter the first hotel that stood in their way. It so happened that this hotel was the 'Gritti Palace Hotel' one of the most expensive and most exquisite in all of Venice. As soon as they came to the entrance, someone from the staff approached them. They were not surprised when it turned out that all the places in the restaurant were occupied.
"So I see you decided to come and join us," Mycroft said, looking at Aaron.
Mycroft cut him off in mid-sentence with a soft purr of amusement. "You have always been confident. The question is whether you mistake it for audacity. To say that you know me enough to admonish me is a very bold thing to do."
"Yes. They did as you instructed them. Anyway, after your last telegram...".
"I have a strange impression that someone is watching us" he turned his head to look back.
He realized, he really needed it and dreamed of such a rest. He heard Sherlock sit down next to him. They were silent for a long moment. They listened to the conversations carried by the waters and the sounds of music from nearby cafes. John rested with a smile on his face. He heard the water rushing down the stone walkways and port and listened to the waving gondolas.
The sight of John's expression made Greg clear his throat again and rub his neck nervously. It wasn't easy for him. He felt uncomfortable and overwhelmed that he had to make his friend aware of such things. "As long as I've known Sherlock, he always seemed ... different to me. I didn't care if he had anyone or if he was even interested in ..." at this point he made a strange hand gesture as if it was supposed to replace that, what he couldn't say out loud, "... you know what I mean. When Molly told me ..." he fell silent again, "... about all of this, it's a shame to admit it, but I was shocked. But I immediately realized that it makes sense. Since you two met, you've become his number one. He always followed you and sought your attention. Although he indeed did it in his own strange way. I understood that was how he showed you... "Christ, it was hard for him," that he loves you, "he said slowly and stiffly, not believing he was doing it. "And I stopped wondering. The more I think about it, the more I am angry that I didn't realize earlier," he paused, but not for long. "As for his brother ... I can't say anything. I don't know him. I've only had contact with him a few times in my life and ..." he shuddered at the mere mention of their meeting, "I don't know what's going on between you, but I can only imagine. No, actually not. I'd rather not do that, it's none of my business, "he said, though he was consumed by curiosity. He would not admit to having listened to Molly's story about John and the Holmes brothers fighting for his favor.
"But on one condition ..." he added and looked at Mycroft. The older man livened up at his declaration. He showed no joy or contentment, but John saw relief on his face.
"I'm sorry," John repeated once more. Much too quiet. His voice would not allow him for more.
If it were possible, the detective would see the back of his head at that moment. He sighed. "Not a word, Watson." With a soft, almost guttural chuckle, he walked down the hall to the back of the flat and disappeared through the door, leaving them ajar.
"How about a little walk?" Sherlock asked, throwing the tip of the cigarette over the balcony.
"What can you tell us, Dr Hooper?" Holmes asked without taking his eyes away from the body.
"Greg".
"I do not mind. I am glad I can count on you, Francesca" Mycroft bowed slightly and putting his hand on John's lower back, led him gently into her arms. Francesca grabbed John by the elbow and clung to his arm. She felt completely comfortable.
After a moment, John calmed down and looked at Mycroft. He was glad that his husband could sleep well that night. He didn't mind sharing a single bed with him, but they were still waiting for the change of apartment, so he doubted that Mycroft would decide to show such weakness like this night again. With a soft sigh, John grabbed clean clothes and entered the bathroom.
"I don't know if I could stand this idealized look at everything and everyone ... You are better suited to catching positives where I would have a problem with it. Besides, it's enough, if you see it and you are satisfied ..."
"Then, let's not delay it" Mycroft interrupted them. He passed Molly and walked to the door. "Unless you consider visiting the city at night more romantic."
The lengthiness of Mycroft's speech confused John, which must have shown on his face. He understood less and less what this statement was leading to. He was about to smile because he was aware of how much older Holmes loved to make statements that only he could understand.
A few moments passed and Sherlock and John stood in the main corridor. He closed the door and put the key in his pocket. They came down the stairs, past the hotel staff hanging around. John was surprised when he saw they were working in the middle of the night but he did not make any comment. They went outside and felt a pleasant wind and a breeze. John was tired and although he could feel alcohol in his blood, he knew a walk with Sherlock would be good for him.
"You're not going?" he asked, making himself comfortable.
"We'll talk in the morning," he muttered, quickly gasping and trying to keep his elegance.
The whole operation did not last even a minute. John had the impression that his run through the rocky gorge towards the lonely rock whose shape was sketched in the increasingly shining sky lasted much longer. He ran and ran. Cold air leaked through the mask on his face, causing pain in his lungs. His feet hooked on uneven terrain and protruding stones. The large rock probably belonging to one of the mountain walls that surrounded the gorge on three sides, was the only place where they could take refuge and gather in a group. When John finally reached his destination, he leaned his arm on the cold rock and bent in half, trying to control the blood that buzzed in his head and his breath. It was a difficult task. He felt like he was running a marathon. Ultimately, however, he forced his body to make another effort. He straightened up, took a few deep breaths, and turned his head to look at his friend. Sherlock was panting a little less, and his slightly wrinkled eyes were proof to John that his friend was having fun. He imagined his smile, but unfortunately, the mask covered it.
He felt strange thinking of the upcoming days, weeks, months, and who knows, maybe even years. Until noon he fulfilled his duties without any problems, but he could not keep seriousness. His closest associates looked curiously at his good mood. They didn't say a word, but he saw their smiles and glances. He was glad that although he had John in his mind all this time, he could function and work normally. He also had to admit that after such a pleasant morning he worked easier and more efficiently. He noticed that duties and meetings were less burdensome for him, conversations irritated him less, and he made decisions with a fresh mind. Sometimes he saw things from a different perspective, which surprised him immensely. Usually, before making a choice, he considered every possible option. It turned out, however, that a relaxed mind suggested other possibilities for solving problems. He was more than pleased with this fact. He decided to have lunch and see how John and Sherlock worked together after what happened.
Mycroft got up from the couch as sluggishly and slowly as John had done it a few moments earlier. He looked better. Much better than the doctor expected after such a short rest and a small amount of water. If John did not look at him so closely, he would be able to believe that he was in perfect condition. But he was betrayed by the red skin on his neck and a slightly tangled lock of hair on his forehead. A small vein pulsed at Mycroft's temple, which was destroying the perfect effect of the refined head of government. "John, your enthusiasm is contagious but unnecessary." He took a few steps toward the open window. "I have my people to do such things."
"I'm worried, John ... I'm in this position for the first time. For the first time, I have to rely on someone else but myself."
John shivered at the elder genius's voice so close to his head. Despite the competition and resistance, he felt Mycroft loosen his grip and lower his arm.
John sat down resigned on the spring mattress of the big bed. He watched Sherlock for a moment, who tirelessly searched low furniture on his knees, he also saw Molly rummaging in Stoner's bag. Throughout his stay in the apartment, John managed to notice and deduce a few things about him. Of course, he didn't say it out loud. These were his thoughts. He learned that Aaron's favorite color was green. This was demonstrated by the selection of clothes, handkerchiefs, ties, towels and even a toothbrush. Gucci was a favorite brand. Everything seemed to indicate that he preferred sleeping naked. At last, John also knew the reason why Stoner's skin had always seemed so smooth and flawless to him. On the shelf in the bathroom, on the table in the bedroom and wherever possible, there were bottles with expensive lotions and creams. However, the biggest discovery for him was that Stoner, although perfect on the outside, was a terrible slob.
John could not stand it anymore. With a sound of annoyance and irritation, he straightened up, climbed lightly on his toes, and grabbed the taller man by the shirt, pulling him down. He joined their lips for a literal few seconds, then pulled away from him.
A moment later, ladies' man also signaled his readiness. Sherlock nodded, as a sign that he also had to be included in the team. He didn't have time to speak. He wondered all the time how he knew Sebastian Moran. He watched the man, although he did not look at him even for a split second.
"Come on, John," she said with obvious amusement. John decided to devote himself to her protection. He didn't even look back when he walked slowly down the stairs, watching out for Francesca's tiny body. Of course, he realized his excessive concern for a woman may seem strange. However, her slim body and slow movements seemed to be asking for his attention. She did not let him feel that his efforts were unnecessary, on the contrary, she smiled at his concern.
"Make yourself at home," Mycroft's voice hit John's ears with a delay. He still couldn't get over that he was in this situation. Before he could react and look around the room, his husband disappeared from his view. Without thinking, John went to the open window. He saw the stretching water surrounded by old buildings. Crowds of people penetrated somewhere between streets, and gondolas and motorboats passed lazily on the shiny water.
"I wonder if he would agree to one dance with me".
He didn't listen. He licked the tip of his penis, then began taking it in his mouth. He hadn't done this in a very long time, but after a few moments, he remembered how to breathe and lowered his head even more, relaxing his throat.
John fell on him with his body and started to unbutton Mycroft's trousers. Mycroft gasped to his lips, trying to lay as comfortable as possible. Their kisses were chaotic, they both wanted to get more. More taste, breaths, more sweet noises, and touch. John dropped their trousers down and grabbed Mycroft's penis in his hand. He spread the pre-ejaculate on his hand and started to massage them both in a firm grip. They moaned with pleasure.
"I wanted to show you this city, John. I was going to do it sooner, but Mycroft watches over you and doesn't let me be near you. I finally have the perfect opportunity to get to know you a little better," he added with an almost sweet smile, staring at the eyes of a shorter man. John was about to answer when suddenly Aaron looked up and stared at something behind John's back, then he pursed his lips, chuckled and shook his head.
"Horrible murder! Horrible murder!"
"Earlier, brother mine, there was no person worth such a feeling." He could feel Sherlock's elbow next to him, whose heat contrasted strangely with the dimple he felt in his stomach. "Besides, we had other priorities from the beginning." Suddenly he felt strangely sentimental. Maybe because of the alcohol in his body. Maybe because of the sight of John dancing and smiling. Or maybe it was Sherlock's fault, which he rarely had a chance to talk so honestly. He turned his head and looked at his brother. "I care about you and your happiness. You know that, don't you?"
"I don't think we are the best candidates for this mission, Mycroft," John said, letting him know he didn't like the idea. "I am not suitable for this type of job. I do not know how to help you. I am a soldier, not a strategist or ..."
Suddenly they both started to hear a squeak in their ears. A quiet, prolonged squeak, not caused by an explosion or a sudden shot, but by silence in the room. John looked at Mycroft. They were silent. They knew exactly why. They knew that all-important decisions had already been made. They did not have to pretend or say anything. They knew perfectly well what their life paths would look like and how their choices would affect others. Still, John felt he shouldn't be leaving yet. Talking to Mycroft seemed to him the wisest move now, but he completely did not know where to start and what to say specifically. He was not alone in this, because the genius also faced a dilemma. However, he was in a more comfortable situation. He gained experience for many years. He knew how to react in a particular situation. He felt John wanted to talk. They both needed it, so he decided not to wait any longer.
John came to his senses. He put his hands on Sherlock's chest, trying to stop him. He didn't want to experience it a second time. He did not want to compare Sherlock to Mycroft, which would be inevitable. He made this mistake once and was carried away by the moment. The consequences that would await him after a kiss with a younger genius, would be much more serious. This awareness of how much he could lose made John sobered up in an instant. But despite the strength, he pressed on Sherlock's chest, he was unable to pull him away. Sherlock did not give up, his eyes were full of determination and something incomprehensible that softened John's heart. After a short fight, he stopped pushing him so hard. He tried to avoid Sherlock's kiss. He looked at his lips and his heart sped up.
"John! A-aah! John!" Sherlock looked like he was going to cum. He writhed among the sheets, his calves tightened around John's thighs, his sweat soaking his pillow. "John!" he exclaimed, contracting his muscles and freezing for a moment. A second later, hot cum shot out of his penis. He tightened around his friend and squirted on his stomach for a long moment.
He kind of knew. His silver, tousled hair must have made an unusual contrast to his flushed face and eyes that were hazy with excitement. He could barely see Sherlock walking towards them.
Mycroft stood motionless by the fireplace, staring at Sherlock through half-closed eyes. The white skin of his face contrasted with the thin line of his mouth, curving into a depressing smile. A smile of regret, joy, and relief at the same time. He was breathing shallowly. He stood straight only because he was leaning on his umbrella. Mycroft didn't need to say anything, but John felt numbness, resignation, and pain emanating from him. The sight of a dejected genius who did his best to save his face but was also happy for his brother's happiness was hard for John to bear. He wasn't surprised, when he had to immediately forget his sentiments and move towards the door, because Mycroft nodded slightly and softly, calmly signaled that he was going to leave them alone.
Apart from the victim, no one was there anymore. He breathed a sigh of relief and immediately realized the roles had changed. He was the hunter now. He couldn't let the killer getaway. Especially since he was so close. This could be the only opportunity to catch the killer red-handed. He fought the urge to make sure the woman was dead. He couldn't waste any time. He walked around her and ran into the street. He was looking for the murderer, holding his unbuttoned trousers in his hand. Where could he run away? Which way?
"You love him. For almost a decade you have struggled by his side, unable to tell him how you feel. Now that I offer you escape of the impasse, you invent obstacles to not agree with me."
The room was silent again interrupted only by John's low chuckle. He didn't have the strength to turn away yet but looked at his friend out of the corner of his eye. Sherlock looked ominously at his own brother. Only now John did begin to realize that something was wrong.
Sherlock was facing the window. He held a violin and a bow in his clenched hands. His straightened back, however, could not confuse John. Sherlock was in pain and the only option to save his face and not start an intense discussion was to stare at the rain falling outside the window. They both needed time. John knew they needed time to get everything straight, but he was too tired to think about the further consequences of his decisions right now. He turned and went up the stairs to his room. After three steps, he heard his friend's voice.
"He doesn't let you rest, huh?" John's nagging tone didn't force Mycroft to turn away and look at him.
"I know what you doing, Sherlock, and it hurts just to look at your efforts," he said and once again tasted the strong drink. He didn't hear the answer, so he continued. "As I can see, Miss Adler's instruction was not in vain. Awakened hope, loss, and finally a happy ending. Tell me, Sherlock, why did you decide to try it on John? When will you stop acting like a cold bastard and you will focus all your attention on him again? After returning to London? Or maybe tonight?"
John and Mycroft looked at Sherlock, who entered the cafe with a smile. He went to their table and gave his brother a hard look.
Mycroft sighed loudly and significantly. It wasn't time and place for pointless discussion, but again, John wasn't like other people. He couldn't give him any ordinary excuse. He took a breath and looked deep into John's eyes.
He heard the front door slamming and then steps on the stairs. John's steps. He listened to see the mood his friend had. The steps were calm, natural. Neither heavy, which would indicate anger, nor light, which might reveal some fear and uncertainty. John climbed the stairs normally and leisurely, and that meant his mood was improving. When he stood in the doorway, Sherlock stared at him. He looked normal. He had slightly pink cheeks and tousled hair, which was natural because of the increasing wind outside. His straight back and glint in his eye indicated that he had met Lestrade and friend from the army, and spent several hours with them. Sherlock felt an irritating stab and felt like grunting because he didn't like it when John was hanging out with other people. Especially with those whose genius had no chance to meet before. Jealousy. It was an ugly word, but it was common in Sherlock's life when he thought about John.
His father came to his feet, frowning. Only now did John realize that his shirt and trousers were marked with grass stains and twigs. His hair was in disarray. When he looked past his father to Sherlock, he knew, from the fury boiling in his eyes’ depths, there was no way to avoid disaster. He wished Aunt Hudson were there with them. Even though his Aunt could create all kinds of mayhem with her outspoken ways, she now would demand that everyone think before jumping to conclusions.
“A want witted beefhead.”
John’s face lost all color as he looked from Moran to him. Because Sherlock was leaving or because Moran hadn’t?
“It shan’t be easy.” She glanced over her shoulder as they walked to the door. “I would like to regale everyone with this tale.”
John was glad the shadows hid the blush that must match the heat on his cheeks. Father had warned him to guard his behavior with Sherlock. He should have heeded him, but instead had let his longings bring him into Sherlock’s arms again.
The sun began to pierce the mist, jeweling the landscape as if dozens of fairies had sprinkled their dust upon the grass and the stone walls. The markers themselves became dull as the dampness was rubbed away when the children beating the bounds for the first time tried to read the inscriptions. The lettering had almost disappeared beneath the assault of the sea wind and rain through the years. Laughter marked each time a child was remembered at the markers with a swat on the backside or by being held upside down while reciting the landmarks that lead to this stone.
John struggled not to smile as his heart leapt with joy. If Sir Albert was disgruntled, it might mean that Father had told him that a betrothal between Sebastian and his son was out of the question.
Sir Albert’s eyes lit up. “Then it is decided. We shall announce the betrothal in another fortnight.”
Rushing into the morning room, he could not escape the truth. The one bit of truth he had refused to speak, just as Sherlock had refused to speak of how they had shared no more than kisses. He was falling in love with Sherlock Holmes, who continued to be the very mate he had longed for – an Alpha of courage and honor. An Alpha he could admire at the same time he could love him.
Edging away a step before he gave in to the temptation to move closer to Sherlock, John walked toward an abandoned stone wall that was nearly as tall as his shoulder. It was pitted from rain and wind.
“You thought that?”
“Gone?”
John laughed in spite of himself. “You would think a woman of her years would know that the driver of the mail coach would not take kindly to her comments about his driving as well as his personal habits.”
“Yes?”
“I don’t?”  John raised his chin.  “Do you not recall the night of the beating-of-the-bounds ball?”
“You make it sound so simple.”
“No?”  He whirled John to face him.
It was a perfectly reasonable explanation, but John wondered if it were really the truth. He had just been looking toward the house, not the gardens.
"What problem are you talking about?"
"Rossiccio!" Everyone looked at her. She stood a little further behind the barriers separating the hotel terrace from the street. She walked toward them, and the red cat jumped off Molly's lap and ran to her. With each step she took, the surprise on John's face increased. Finally, she came close enough that he saw all the details that confirmed Mycroft's words. The girl had green hair, a T-shirt with Mickey Mouse and a large badge with the inscription 'I love Paris'. He didn't notice other things, because she quickly bent down for a red cat, picked him up and entered the crowd of tourists. Once again he stared at Mycroft, who this time pretended not to pay attention to the admiration he had been given by the others.
Sherlock has heard that already. He would have liked to have turned to his brother who was standing quietly behind the sofa. He wanted to ask if everyone involved in the case had learned this type of answer by heart. Instead, he focused on analyzing the next participant. He looked the least matching their company. He had a young boy's face and shiny eyes. Hands of music and philanthropist. He was a ladies' man. Women were his sense of life. His behavior, perfumes, impeccable hairstyle, and glances he gave the archer testified to the fact that he considered every woman on her way a goddess and treated her as well. His ability was his fluent knowledge of languages. He also owned an excellent memory. He left the mysterious man at the end. He wanted to know everything about him. He was the only one who has not spoken a word yet. While others asked questions and took part in the discussion, the mysterious man was silent. The only thing he did was watch John. He was not disturbed by the significant grunts of the leader or the quiet admonitions of the other men who gave up after a few minutes at the beginning of the meeting. Sherlock was so absorbed in the deduction that he didn't notice the silence in the room. He looked around. Everyone sat in silence and the meeting leader waited for some reaction. He realized that the time had now come to declare their participation in the mission.
"I do. Her company is not as annoying as the presence of others. Which does not mean that I jump with joy at the thought of such meetings ... Besides, I know what it will look like," he muttered under his breath. He reached out for a round navy blue container. "So if you're busy, I'll let her know ..."
"John ..."
"It's about your behavior. I would never suspect you can barely control your emotions. Sherlock, yes, but you ...?"
The detective nodded slowly. "I understand that this is a natural behaviour among people who are close."
John couldn't help imagining Mycroft like this. He smiled honestly. He couldn't disagree with him, but he would give a lot to see him like that. He walked slowly toward him, and Mycroft reacted with a slight frown. "You're right. I can't imagine. But I bet we would find a solution," he said cheerfully. He was close to Mycroft. When he reached out he felt the soft fabric of the shirt on his forearm under his fingers. Mycroft jerked slightly but did not pull away. He closely watched the movements of the doctor, who ran his hands higher and higher. John's fingers slipped between his shirt and the vest, which he eventually decided to take off quickly. Mycroft was silent and watched what else John decided to do to help him look like ordinary people. He wouldn't admit it, but he liked to look at him, and he was extremely happy to be in the center of John's attention. He shuddered when the vest disappeared from his back. He felt chills now as the doctor undid his cuffs and wrapped his shirt sleeves up to his elbows with slow and careful movements.
"Why did you come up with this whole story?" he asked slightly amused by the situation.
"I had to go back for a few documents, and there was no point in sending my assistant for it ..." Mycroft put a stack of paper in his briefcase and grabbed the glass with the leftover whiskey at the bottom. He emptied it quickly and turned sideways to John, taking the things he needed.
"Basilica di Santa Maria della Salute, John. This building, which can be seen from the hotel windows," she said, pointing a finger straight ahead at the open windows. John followed her gesture, but Sherlock caught his eye. He sat opposite Molly and read the menu card. The sight of his indifferent face or even ignorance made John feel the unpleasant feeling of stinging in his stomach he felt earlier this morning.
As usual, John carefully listened to his friend with admiration. He was still delighted at how easily Sherlock could read people. There was only one problem. One damn beautiful problem. Half of his attention was drawn to Sherlock's lips. This sharp shape and plump lower lip. He watched his lips move as he spoke and how he winced when he tried oysters that he obviously didn't like.
"Do you have a different opinion? Do you think that if she allows him to walk around the city alone, and at the same time she does not care if someone confuses this cat with a homeless creature, then she does not care about him? In your opinion, if the owner gives him so much freedom, she doesn't love him? " Sherlock studied Mycroft closely with slightly narrowed eyes. "Maybe it's the opposite? Maybe she loves him too much, that's why she gives him so much freedom and allows him to be independent."
"I don't feel anything anymore," he shook his head to reassure him. He barely looked at Holmes's raised eyebrow when he had to surrender control to his body. He closed his eyes, hissed with delight as the detective left a long wet trail with his tongue on the wound. A kiss, less insistent but more attentive, brought them together again. Deeper and more sensitive. He jumped when the detective's hand clearly brushed his crotch. He grabbed his wrist and looked straight into his eyes. "At home ..." he hesitated, "... we'll do it at home."
"What problem !?" John shouted. He didn't control his voice. He raised his hands helplessly. "This problem is 6 feet 4 inches tall and has gray eyes. It follows us like a shadow from the very beginning. It's hard not to notice him. I'm talking about Stoner, Mycroft," he added more quietly and leaned his hand on the desk. The older man didn't seem moved by John's words. His face was still, making him look like a sitting marble statue.
If you were so kind and checked it (this is the summary of "Bloody Ring") - https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/CB93HPD
"Could we leave it for later, Sherlock? We both need some sleep ... especially you. Admit it, how many days have you not slept?" John at least had to try to change the subject. He supposed the strange behavior of his friend was caused by a lack of sleep. At least, he hoped, because that would be some sort of explanation for his crazy ideas.
"And? What did you find out?" John asked nervously.
"The hardest part of the plan is done," he muttered, and his assistant slightly lifted her eyes from the phone. "I knew it would be difficult, but I chose the right candidate. Our doctor succeeded in what I thought would never happen. They both only needed the impulse to act. I always wanted Sherlock to be happy. It came out as I planned." His assistant looked at him with doubtful eyes. She could afford it because Mycroft was facing the window. If she wanted, she could effortlessly look at his reflection in the window, but she didn't have to. She knew the wistful, sad look and the absent expression he showed her once in a while. Without a word, she focused on the phone screen again. "It's going to rain," the genius said, staring up at the sky and the car slowly started to move again.
"Remember, Mycroft, sometimes this pawn may be the only salvation for the King because it's true it is insignificant, but when it reaches the end of the chessboard, it can turn into a queen. And she has more options than the king and all other figures put together".
"Excellent, Doctor. So what does that say about the murderer?"
And also this (About next story) - https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/C6C6X6L
Holmes very slowly raised his eyes. He looked at him gravely. "Yesterday the police found two bodies."
John stared at the soft, wet mouth of the other man and his glistening eyes, completely obscured by his dilated pupils. He couldn't focus. He felt that he was starting to breathe hard and his heart was beating with double speed and strength. Finally, he bit his lip and looked straight at the genius. "I want it," he murmured in a hoarse voice filled with desire.
"What is going on?" he asked.
The deceased's brown curls were still clotted together with blood. There were small scratches and bruises on the pale freckled
"Oh, now I understand where the nickname came from."
"I happen to drink coffee when I am among people, just because others drink it too. Sometimes it is appropriate to do so," he added, still completely confused by such a strange conversation. His answer caused an even bigger smile on his friend's face.
"I know," the older man added and nodded toward the stairs with a smile. John noticed Francesca and her husband. They were waiting for them. Francesca walked over with her arms wide open. She grabbed John's face and kissed his both cheeks.
Under other circumstances, John would have likely declined a similar offer, but not this time. The idea of a long walk home through the cool alleys, in a rather unpleasant part of London, took away the pleasure of walking alone. Besides, he had walked enough miles that night, which he felt in his legs. The fact that he had quite a lot of alcohol in his blood didn't help either. With relief, he followed Greg and clumsily climbed into his car. The inspector was nice enough to buy a cup of hot coffee for himself and John on the way.
As they got into the car, Mycroft's assistant joined them. She said hello to John, but a second later she completely lost interest in what was happening around her. She sat staring at the phone and only reacted when the genius gave her orders that John did not understand at all. In other cases, she pretended to be deaf and absent. When they left the Diogenes Club, John began receiving messages from an unknown number. He was afraid to pick it up, still remembering what had happened to Stoner's phone. Mycroft assured him, however, that his fears were completely unfounded because neither he nor his assistant had any reason to destroy his belongings. He risked and read the text. He was surprised when it turned out that this message was from Sherlock. He smiled to himself when he read.
Waiting for John's action was unbearable. Mycroft knew that sooner or later Sherlock's friend would ask him to explain what had happened between him and his brother. He was already preparing for the upcoming conversation, but for the time being there was no indication that it was going to happen soon. Every day he woke up convinced that maybe it was the day. As it turned out later, he was wrong every time. He tried to find some mentally demanding activities and problems he could solve. He threw himself into the vortex of meetings. He filled the calendar with all he could to stop thinking about John and Sherlock and the reason the whole thing was about. It wasn't until the fifth day that he opened his eyes that he immediately felt that it was the day. He felt John would want to talk to him today. He decided not to plan anything important, he asked his assistant to delay the appointments he had already marked on the calendar and change the dates of these meetings. Instead of a comfortable chair in a quiet office, he chose the gray seat on the back of the car. He drove around London and waited for any news about John's movements. He was sitting in the car with a laptop on his lap and his phone next to him. Several hours passed, but he finally got the report that John had left the apartment and was walking towards the Diogenes Club. Mycroft, who knew London as good as Sherlock, quickly concluded that roadwork would force John to abandon the taxi - he had definitely used - and walk the rest of the way on foot. He also knew where to wait for him.
"It seems so..." he muttered and although he knew he shouldn't do it, he gave the doctor his glass. John drank alcohol in one move and looked at his fake husband with a smile. He felt a bit strange because Mycroft did not stop watching him, even for a second.
"It depends how much money we have," John replied.
"It's Lestrade," Sherlock muttered, and of course he was right. The Scotland Yard inspector stood in the living room door. He was panting and slightly sweaty. He quickly greeted Mrs. Hudson, assured her that tea would be unnecessary, although he thanked her for the offer and sat down opposite Sherlock without wasting time. It took a split second to Sherlock to figure out why Greg appeared in his flat.
"Next time, don't hesitate. And instead of kissing my forehead, kiss me like I was the person you love. It won't kill me or you, Mycroft."
"Holmes!" he raised his voice. Looking from side to side didn't help. The corridor was dark and empty. He had difficulty remembering the turns and the way back. He tried to recreate the way in memory when a hand slipped out of the door of one of the rooms and gripped his arm firmly. He did not have time to react, even when someone forcibly pulled him inside. He hit his back against the wall, immediately sighing with relief. Holmes's bright eyes, obscured by the wave of lust, stared at him with passion. The detective's hand almost crashed against the cold bricks next to his ear. He closed the heavy door of the room with the other one. He shuddered with excitement. The dim light revealed a pleased smirk on Holmes's face.
Mycroft looked at the floor as he used to do when he had to answer a difficult question. He would like to tap the tip of the umbrella on the ground, but he did not have it with him. "Forgive me, John. I have to remain silent, at least until the meeting begins," he nodded toward the closed door. It was obvious there was an office or secret meeting room. "I'd like to say more, but I can't."
"I wonder who this one is from." John looked at the envelope from all sides.
"I am" John confirmed. He tossed the keys on the armchair without taking his eyes off Mycroft's eyes.
"Oh, yes! It's so typical of Mycroft!" Francesca couldn't stop laughing.
John and Sherlock disappeared into the crowd. Genius was certain, they managed to lose Stoner's people. He saw them pushed out of the crowd to the very edge of the concourse. "Perfect, John," he said with a smile. "Now let's go inside," he added and pulled his friend inside the hotel in front of which the whole row was taking place.
Sherlock said nothing. He did not grace his brother with either a look or an answer, which was proof that Mycroft's words reached his curly head.
"Holmes... I ...", he finally managed to make himself look at the window. Hot, pulsating blood filled his cheeks. He heard laughter from across the room.
"Hmm" Lestrade was ready to sit down, but he started groping and checking his every pocket. "Do you have a handkerchief?"
John raised an eyebrow provocatively. "I think you meant to say 'too naive'."
"He asked me to leave him alone," she said, looking at John and Francesca.
"This is me husband, John. Franco Coletti," she said, then greeted Mycroft with a smile. Two men began to speak Italian, but John did not pay attention to them. He was still very impressed with both Francesca and the whole party. After a while, he focused on Mycroft, who surprised him more and more. John did not expect genius could hide his dislike of crowds so easily. He had no problems discussing with Franco and smiling at the same time.
"Dr Phillips. You're finally here," Lestrade greeted him coolly, his brown eyes fixed on the man.
Sherlock shrugged. "I will give up something".
"Are you going to sit alone on our last evening in Venice in an empty living room?"
"Where is Silwan Shalom?" Mycroft asked, looking around.
"Sherlock, please. Let's leave the topic of your brother and me," John said in a gentle tone, wanting to let him know he wasn't angry at Mycroft, but the idea of talking about him was not the best. Sherlock understood his request, so he fell silent and stared at the pair sitting two tables away. He and John were sitting without a word but they didn't mind. They liked their company and there was no such thing as awkward silence between them. Their presence was enough to make them feel satisfied and relaxed. The atmosphere of previous days seemed to disappear and John even forgot about the strange behavior of his friend. He felt good when he sat with him. He looked at Sherlock, who was trying to get his attention by staring at him. Genius nodded towards the couple.
"Do you see any difference?"
"I doubt it."
Sherlock gave her an annoyed look. "Tea, John?"
He leaned a little towards Holmes, squinting his eyes and concentrating. It was difficult for him to hear the detective's muffled voice through the noise and screams. Their eyes finally met.
Mycroft was still standing in the window, looking at the city. "After the eleventh call, I blocked his number ...".
Holmes immediately withdrew his thumb from the cut on his cheek. Before he lowered his hand, he brushed his hair behind his ear. "It's very kind of you that you decided to visit me. It would be wiser to wait until morning, though. A nighttime, lonely stroll can be really dangerous."
"I've never met people like you two before. If you only wanted, you could have absolutely anyone, that's why I struggled with my mind for a long time and I couldn't understand why someone like me ..." he paused. He had to do it differently. "But since you chose me, I will not question your feelings. After all, everyone has the right to love the other person and does not have to confess why they love them." A quick glance at the brothers assured him that they were listening carefully. Suddenly he felt the weight of his words. He rested his back against the door, folding his arms over his chest and hiding his face in his hand. "So many years in the military, so many years of self-discipline and training ... and only now did I realize what a coward I was. I was afraid to look in the mirror and admit to myself who I really am and what I want. And now, when I can have it, I'm too weak to do it. In fact ... I realized that I couldn't offer you anything in return. I hurt people important to me, even if I know it and don't want to do it. If only I had left my pride and uncertainty earlier...". He had a vision of his years together with Sherlock, and how different their lives would have been if he had confessed his feelings to him years ago.
John looked at Sherlock. They had no other choice. After all, they couldn't leave Molly alone when people were fighting outside and the chairs started to fly in the air.
Mycroft paused, gritting his teeth. "I'm trying to reason with you," he replied in a calmer but still cold voice.
They looked at the broken glass. John heard a soft sigh of relief. He looked at Mycroft, who tried not to show how much this situation cost him. He cleared his throat and looked at John. He was The Mycroft again, a serious and confident man.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow and quietly tapped the umbrella on the pavement. "Are you suggesting I specifically gave the order to drop a corpse just to give Sherlock a job and distract his thoughts from you and what you were doing at night?" he smirked as he watched the area.
"Of course I am," Mycroft said as if this were the most obvious thing.
itself. However, newspapers, in their habit, had to give a catchy title to attract sensation-hungry people and make money. The word
John smiled honestly. He left Mycroft and approached Francesca. She was walking toward them with a glass in her hand. John didn't know how it happened, but she looked even more gorgeous than the day before. This time, however, instead of the usual greeting, Francesca handed a glass to her partner, who was holding a little behind her and grabbed John's face with both of her hands, forcing him to lean down. John felt a warm kiss on his cheek. He saw Mycroft out of the corner of his eye. The genius smiled slightly and shook hands with Francesca's partner.
John smiled. "I would be really surprised if you had."
He couldn't bear to look at Sherlock's face any longer. The pale face of his friend was now painfully contorted in pain and embarrassment. He still refused to meet his eyes. The clenched jaw and the lack of any movement showed that he was still processing the words he heard. Sherlock looked like a scorned child whose heart was shattered to pieces. John couldn't take it anymore so he repeated the last sentence to emphasize what he was about to add. "Sometimes I want to hit you, but most of the time I dream about kissing you."
Two men gracefully crossed metal handrails. The last person, a woman in an evening gown, was not doing so well. She had to lean on the shoulders of one of the men. A light wind blew the fabric of her dress. The man in front all the time turned around and checked how the other two were going, although the most of his attention was focused on his companion who was walking right behind him. The sight of these three people was so strange and comical that the gondolier could no longer hold back. He gave a long whistle, which caught their attention. He grinned and when he was about to yell some vulgar joke, another boat hit the back of his gondola. He immediately looked at his colleague and at that moment his Italian temperament possessed him.
"Who?" Sherlock asked sincerely surprised.
(See the end of the chapter for
He realized he lacked oxygen. It was only now that he took a deep breath and tried to relax his tense muscles. He felt it. Salty-sour smell of sex, which despite the open windows remained in the room. It was as if it had penetrated the walls, the mattress and everything around it. He couldn't control the disgust that appeared on his face. He forced himself to stand at the foot of the bed. He regretted, he had nothing to lean on, because he would have done it with pleasure. This whole situation was beyond his strength. He watched his friend and tried to understand how it happened. He sank into his thoughts and lost his sense of time.
"You'll find everything you need in our wardrobe, John. There's a bathroom," he said, pointing at the door in the corner of the room. He passed the doctor, almost brushing him with his body, and returned to the living room.
"So cute! And so fluffy" Molly was delighted with the new companion. She scratched the red cat's neck and ears. "Are you hungry?" she asked, looking the cat straight in the eye.
John noticed that Mycroft had been sitting quietly for some time and tried not to look at the last pieces of pizza. The dish he ordered, he ate long ago and only drank wine that marked his influence on his face more and more. Sherlock discussed something unimportant with Molly and paid no attention to anything. John studied Mycroft. He wanted to shake his head, but instead, he leaned over the table, took a piece of pizza and put it on the plate of an older genius. Mycroft frowned but said nothing. John noticed and liked the fact that he never commented on the strange behavior of someone in the company of others. He accepted without a word what was happening around with unchanged expression and calmness. He let things be put on his documents and laptop. He didn't react when someone moved it or treated it like air. That's why John wasn't surprised when Mycroft didn't react to his gesture. He had to put his plate under his nose to provoke some reaction.
“No,” John moaned. “Don’t tell me that now.”
The glory of his touch flowed through John. As if it had longings of its own, his hand rose to touch Sherlock’s face. His fingers tingled when he touched the rough skin. Nothing had ever been so wondrous - nothing! A voice in the back of his mind howled at him. The impropriety! How could something so beautiful be so disastrous?
Sebastian ignored it. “So you ended up getting him bruised and yourself an invitation to stay at Watson Hall, Holmes?”
As always, a love song to
With the emphasis he put on his name, John knew that Mr. Donovan shared Sir Albert’s mistaken belief that his marriage was not valid.  Or was it a mistaken belief?  He had not checked the marriage license, but it could not have had Huillet written on it.  Perhaps that was was why Sherlock had been so sure their marriage could be annulled.  As he thought about the rapture of the kisses they had shared at the blessing of the fleet, he realized neither of them had mentioned anything about the annulment, wanting only to savor the few hours they had together.
With a shout, John struggled to break free. It was as useless as trying to move Watson Hall. The man was massive! Turning his face away, he evaded Moran’s mouth. Sir Albert dug his fingers into John as he forced his lips back toward his.
He must get rid of the horrible habit that had been such a joke just a few months ago when there had been no threat of invasion. “Release me, and I shall answer your questions!”
“It shall not be amusing if it comes to pass.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed as he walked over to John.  Because John stood on the steps, he had to look down to meet Sherlock’s gaze. Sherlock’s attempt to smile froze into an uncomfortable grimace when he answered, “It is clear that you have never had to endure a single hour in a cell, eager to taste the sweet flavors of freedom again.”
“My father would not force me to marry against my will.” John repeated the words which he had said so often, and he longed to believe them. Maybe Father would have acquiesced if he had flown off into a frenzy about marrying Sherlock, but John was certain Father would have insisted he marry someone else without delay.
“As if I’ve been run over by a wagon.” His laugh was gentle. “Actually, better than you look, Mr. Watson.”
He smiled as he stood. “That smuggler treated me with the lack of manners I would expect of his ilk.”
“I do not need to go to London to find a mate.”
“Yes, of course,” John said, not knowing what else to say. Again he had had the chance to be honest. Again he’d hesitated too long.
“Who seem to marry pigheaded men.”
“Sebastian devised that lie.” Batting aside Moran’s hand, John stepped away from him. “He and you are the only ones who believe that ridiculous out-and-outer. My family and my husband and everyone else know the truth.”
John snarled and snapped, drawing blood before he was ripped out of Sir Albert’s grip.  His shirt was torn.  He grasped Greg’s arm to steady himself as he heard a trigger being drawn back.  He whispered Sherlock’s name with what he feared would be his last breath.
“Enough!” shouted Watson. He elbowed Sebastian aside and reached for the shotgun a footman held out to him. “My son warned you if you came back here without your manners, he would see your backside filled with buckshot. It will be my pleasure to do so, if you do not take your leave at once.”
“Is that why you left me alone? I thought – “
“Shall we share a drink from the marriage cup?” he asked in a light voice which masked the truth he must never speak, even to the Omega who now shared his name.
“Nothing,” John mumbled. How could he tell her his thoughts? They would label him as wanton as Sebastian had. Yet how could he think of anything else?
“I promised Father to – “
Father glanced at them as he lifted his cup of coffee. “Sit down, Sherlock. As Auntie said, you are now a part of this family. You need not wait for an invitation to partake of a meal.”
His gaze went again to Sherlock. To him, John owed the greatest apology. In order to save himself from a horrifying life with Sebastian Moran, he was ruining Sherlock’s.  Sherlock had every reason to despise John. Maybe that was why he’d been avoiding John. He had wanted to savor his last few hours of freedom.
John’s smile was weak. “Father feels an Alpha knows better in these matters.”
Sherlock chuckled. “Do you mean to suggest that he wishes to cause upheavals for your neighbors as well as for your father?”
“I was not-” He sighed as she stomped away. Looking at Sherlock, he sighed again.
With false levity, his father urged, “Go ahead, John. It is time we truly celebrated this wedding.”
I feel as if I owe everyone an explanation for the long delay in posting. And then I remember that no one cares about my life drama, lol. Just get to the damn chapter.
“I will make sure he sees me at the crest of every hill and just before I turn every corner.”
All thoughts of his sister and his neighbor vanished when Sherlock rose from the settee on which he had been sitting. John noted that Sherlock’s right arm was hidden in a sling and his color was a decided gray beneath his tan. Even so, a smile slowly curved along his lips and John fought to breathe. John wondered how many Omegas he’d charmed into buying his wares with that smile, for he could not imagine telling him no now.
“I should go and let Father know-”
“Yours?  Are you deranged?”
“You’re right about that,” Sherlock murmured, “but I was speaking of the lack of choice I have in keeping you out of my thoughts, John.”
As soon as Aunt Hudson dismissed them, because she was expecting Reverend Hooper to call as he did each week at this time, John let Harry and Greg hurry him out of the room. Harry was eager to begin following Nana’s suggested plans for the beating of the bounds. Greg was just as eager to be gone. John heard him calling to a footman to have a carriage brought around even as he reached the stairs. He must intend to waste no more time in getting to the Donovan house.
“John, are you quickening?”
John asked himself what he had expected. Sherlock had told him that he was not going to explain why he had come in this way. His shoes were covered with sand, so maybe he had wandered far and gotten lost. That did not seem right. He was a peddler. He should know how to find his way.
“It is a skimble-skamble thing.” Sebastian fingered the lapels of his coat, and his nose wrinkled as he brushed away some leaves and twigs from its fine blue wool.
“Don’t lather me with out-and-outers, child. I recognize that guilty expression. Your father always wore it when he was up to no good. Your grandfather, too, and his father. Must be some sort of strain of unremitting honesty in the Watson line.” She patted Harry on the cheek, then her eyes, as blue as John’s turned toward Sherlock.
“You woke to go to meet with your fellow spies!”
Aunt Hudson wagged a finger in John’s face. “Do not try to twist my words, child. Your father has given this matter much thought, and he has not changed his mind.”
“I am not in any trouble,” Sherlock declared as he laughed tautly. “Save with you. Forgive me, John. The pistol is to make sure no one steals from my wagon. The other things are items I promised to deliver to a village not too far from here. That will be my first stop.”
Sherlock glanced along the road, and his stance abruptly resembled that of a stag pausing to listen for the hunter. Then he smiled. “You chose the very best time to visit your friend. Sir Albert just left. You must have passed him along the road.”
“For the time being.”
Molly was coming out of a shop on the hilly street leading up from the sea just as John opened the door. When she stuttered a greeting, he stepped back out into the sunshine.
“He is not happy.” She gave him a quick grin. “But he is not as upset as he was. He lectured me for a full hour.”
“He should know better than to wander about, not watching where he is going.”
John snorted. “With such a speech, I can hardly imagine you could need any practice luring customers to your cart.”
actually had this chapter ready for me a month and a half ago. I'm just unbelievably slow. Mistakes are mine, but nothing else is.
“The truth is always important.”
my arm? You have a wondrous, irritating gift for understatement, Mr. Watson.”
The knot catching on his rim. Forced past with a yelp and a groan.
“Only for a few minutes.”
“Yes.”
“I am a married Omega.”  His façade of calm was close to splintering Sir Albert drew him even closer.
“I don’t think a commission means that much to her. She would go enlist if she had to.”
Whoever said it was better to be left than never to have been loved must have been a simpleton.  As he was, for he had to solution for the dilemma that kept them apart. Mayhap, if he had been honest with John from the onset… No, he had been sworn to keep this mission secret.
“I was about to ask the same of you.”
John stood before it could whip out and strike him. He did not bother to speak, for he guessed Sherlock would not answer him. Why should he? He knew the answer as well as he did. What he did not understand was the reason. He feared it had to do with what had kept him out so late and had convinced him to scale that treacherous wall to his window.
“Then say nothing of this to anyone.” He urged. “No one.”
Harry paused as they went down the stairs. Facing him, she said, “I know I would rather you be John Holmes than marry Sebastian Moran.”
John looked at the peddler again.  He was still smiling.  The man must think him completely daft, as he had yet to utter a sensible word in his hearing.
“What do you think?” The peddler asked, dropping a small tin into his hands. “Might this appeal to the Omega son of Lord Watson?”
Greg made no effort to conceal his opinions. “This whole tradition is a farce. John is right, Auntie. The fields have been enclosed for years. What purpose is there in tramping around the countryside in the damp and rain? Let us have the ball alone and enjoy it for once.”
The echo of his father’s laughter followed John up the stairs. He and Sherlock had spent some time on the short journey from the Donovan’s debating how their host had managed such sensationally good luck at cards that night.
“Let’s see how skilled you are.” Sherlock knew that attempting to convince her that she should think twice before joining the army would be a waste of breath.
“The music is beginning again,” Sherlock said quietly.  “Will you stand up with me, John?”
“What?” Mr. Holmes gave a sharp laugh, but he was no fool. The twinkle had evaporated again from his heated eyes. “You didn’t think a simple peddler would know of such things?”
“Did you really believe our little sister could keep such a coup quiet?”
“What did you say?” Harry asked.
“Forgive me for waylaying him on his way to let you know he was home,” Father said with a taut smile. “I wanted to hear what news he had gathered while traveling along the shore.”
"I'm glad, John," Mycroft said frankly. "I've always known that you two were made for each other. I want you to know that you both can always count on me".
The detective wiped dried blood from his face with slow and gentle movements. He stared into his eyes for a long time before lowering his gaze to the lower half of his face with an affectionate smile.
The box was suede and had the color of ripe cherry, it could fit in one hand. John was sure the contents of this box must have been extremely valuable and beautiful. He turned it between his fingers and looked at Mycroft out of the corner of his eye, who was walking a step ahead of him. They were slowly walking towards their apartment through the wide hall that he already knew by heart. He knew where the carpet was, where it was necessary to move, so as not to hit the ebony table or double benches, standing against the walls and separating the apartments. Since they said goodbye to Francesca and her husband, Mycroft didn't say a word. He walked in silence with a strange expression on his face. John could not deduce whether it was the result of thoughtfulness, anger or other reasons. He rarely managed to accurately assess the mood of a genius, so this time he decided not to do it. He followed his back and tried to guess what was in the box.
"What do you think, Watson? Any idea what happened here?" Lestrade was watching him intently.
"Sherlock," Mycroft muttered warningly, looking back, "John and I need to talk ..." he said quietly "... alone".
John could hear the conversations echoing through the trees more clearly with each step. The other members of the group had already set up a camp and even started a fire, which was quite mediocre. The branches in this part of the forest were still too moist to serve as fuel. John approached them with some concern. He could feel the pulsing under the sensitive skin of his mouth. He was convinced that his lips were swollen and red. He was afraid of the reactions of the others, especially the reaction of Sherlock, who focused his eyes on him and did not leave him, even when John sat next to him on the fallen limb.
The doctor frowned in surprise. He replied only when the waitress put the ordered drinks and two additional cookies in front of them and left them alone with a smile and a small bow. "I always preferred tea."
My dear, guys. I will be out of town for the next few days so the next chapter will not be uploaded until March 17.
Fifteen bangs. Fifteen shots. Fifteen holes in a human-like shield. Not all of them hit the target, but it didn't matter at the moment. The most important thing was adrenaline and a feeling of power. Awareness that he was doing what he loved the most. He was told many times that he was born to do this job, that the role of a soldier was perfect for him. Now that he threw the empty magazine on the floor and grabbed the next one, John was in his world. In a world where he had control over his body and surroundings. When he raised his joined hands forward, he held the Glock, when he aimed at the shield and pressed the trigger, he was the master of the moment. It wasn't important what was happening around him, nor the curious glances he had felt on his back for three weeks. What counted was only the target and his finger at the trigger.
"Haaa ..." Sherlock let out shuddering breaths. "Ah! Haa ..."
Holmes tensed all his muscles in an instant, but he remained calm. "We were not to mix politics and such serious matters into our games," he said when the first shock passed.
Mycroft could do nothing. He had to let go. He knew that he should have been silent before and nothing would justify his outburst of rage. But now he had other problems. His relationship with John was going in a worrying direction. Stoner was his growing problem. He also received alarming news about Sherlock, who seemed to enjoy mingling with his plans. Mycroft did not know how and when his plan would start falling apart, but he was sure it was inevitable.
Sebastian raised a corner of his mouth and rubbed his swollen cheek. There was silence. Both men recovered from this sudden outburst of passion from Moran and John's panic. They sat facing each other among the cheerfully twittering birds. John tried to accept the fact that the lips he wanted to forget so much, he felt again on his body. He trembled at what was on Moran's mind and what would happen if he couldn't stop him.
He watched with a slight relief as Holmes and Lestrade walked towards the door. If anyone was going to stop this monster, it could only be the detective. His talent exceeded the capabilities of the rest of the people involved in the investigation.
"He gave you one of those speeches of his?" the detective's voice cut through the shooting fire that instantly engulfed the dry pieces of wood.
"Let's say ... a concerned friend."
John didn't say anything. He made him understand that the discussion was over because he put a pillow over his head and pressed it firmly to his ears.
John put the glass down on the porch railing. He avoided Mycroft's stare, but his eyes were too magnetic. The long silence was unbearable. John wanted to clear his throat to stop this strange, tense atmosphere, but he couldn't do it. He looked at Mycroft with confusion. His face and body were getting closer to John. He almost jumped when he felt Mycroft's hand on his fingers.
The man cleared his throat again, though it didn't help him much. "Basically, I try not to harass people, but ..." he paused.
"You are right. Forgive me," he said humbly when he realized that not only was his behavior regrettable, but he also hurt his brother with his words. "Of course I know you never treated him as your property. I didn't want it to sound like that," he could barely stand his gaze. He regretted that he allowed himself to be provoked and lost his patience. He wasn't going to hurt his brother, but he did it every time John was involved. "I'm sorry," he repeated honestly, so Sherlock calmed down a bit but turned his face away again. He was less nervous, but sadness remained. "Brother, you are scared of the thought that John can leave you. That you can be alone. He is your best friend. A friend who always stands by your side and supports you, although sometimes even I doubt whether he does well. Trust him. Last the thing he thinks about is to hurt you. Regardless of his decision, you'll always be the most important thing for him. I know it's hard for you to believe it now, but neither he nor I planned it. And if he turns out to have any doubt as to whether he feels something for me, I will immediately let him know that his hesitation means only one thing. We will forget about this whole situation "he ended his speech with relief that he had already done it. It was hard for him to find words, to express his thoughts. Therefore, when he had already said everything he was about to say, he felt like falling into John's soft and cozy armchair. The situation didn't allow him to do that. He was still waiting for Sherlock's reaction. For any reaction to his words that would reassure him that his brother understood the message and that let him conclude that he had done the right thing, choosing that day for a sincere conversation. The waiting was unbearably prolonged, but the atmosphere did not thicken. And that was a good sign. Mycroft knew this and knew when the action he was taking was going in the right direction. Now the most important thing was time. He decided to give it to Sherlock as much as he needed. As silent as he could, he got up from John's comfortable chair and, trying to avoid creaking floor panels, walked to the door. When he was about to go out into the hall, he turned to his silent and thoughtful brother.
"John ..." Mycroft's soft yet significant voice made John give up. He knew there was no point in pretending everything was fine.
"What does this person want?" John no longer concealed a slight irritation.
"You should have thought about it earlier. If you hadn't wasted time wandering around the city all night or at least had your phone with you, you would have more time to prepare. Now, please, do more important things instead of looking for excuses. I will order breakfast in the room. When you are ready we will join the others.
"And who do you think I'm looking for?"
After waking up, he lay in bed for some time. He had neither the strength nor the desire to get up. He listened to people who walked outside the hotel. It was only after some time that he realized he could still smell Mycroft and that the smell itself also penetrated him. He turned his head and looked at his phone. A glass of water and painkillers lay next to it. Maybe Mycroft was a distant man who preferred to avoid problems directly related to him, but John felt warm, seeing that he was not left alone. His husband cared for him, though he didn't do it face to face.
"Don't worry about it, doctor. Order what you want under Mr. Holmes' name," Anthea said. She was just getting ready to leave. She finished the rest of the coffee and - still not looking at the men - silently pushed back the chair, which was quite a feat because the curve and uneven stone floor almost asked for someone's attention.
The girl did not know what to say. She shrugged and looked at her feet. "I didn't want to stay there alone. I thought you were coming back to the hotel."
"Of course, John. Why are you asking?" Mycroft was still smiling honestly.
Holmes's gaze was intense.
"What? That's all? I won't be able to prepare in such a short time, or at least enough to, don't embarrass you in front of ..."
John looked at Mycroft, who was watching him all the time.
He really believed his own words. He was willing to make sacrifices. But he also believed in Holmes's prudence and that whatever he decided, and whatever his steps were, he would spare them both too risky situations that could lead to a tragedy. He hoped to catch the Ripper quickly and then move to Baker Street. Right now he was too much afraid to contemplate the future and his relationship with Holmes because something he had never experienced before was forming between them. Besides, these feelings were so sudden and intense that they seemed unreal to him. Every glance or slightest touch made his heart beat faster. And yet he was there. He was sitting next to Holmes. He could feel his presence, and he could see a concern and a mixture of other emotions in his eyes that he did not yet dare to name.
"Forgive me for entangling you in this. But I had no other choice. I have long come to terms with the idea that I will not have grandchildren," Mrs. Holmes sighed. "But I will not let them remain alone for the rest of their lives because of their quirks. If not daughter-in-law, then I want at least a son-in-law, and I don't care which of them will give him to me."
"What places?" John tried to occupy his mind with something different than deduction. He stepped away from Mycroft and invisibly straightened his shirt, which tilted him during the kiss.
"I think it's quite the opposite. You've always been looking for my honesty," Sherlock's tone was bored and slightly irritated at the same time. "You didn't answer my question. How would you like to tell him? I'm dying of curiosity."
John's penis pulsed the same as Sherlock's. The experiences on both sides drove him crazy. He heard his friend's moaning and found out that he had been moving his hips for a while, stuffing himself on Mycroft's fingers behind him and plunging deep into Sherlock in front. It was too good. He did not think straight. He loved that feeling. He accelerated his movements, only to lose control of his body after a while. With every thrust, he heard a loud "Ah!" from his friend's mouths. He groaned when Mycroft's fingers hit his prostate. Sherlock's penis was wet with precum. He rubbed his stomach against him. Sherlock's scent droved him crazy. His thrusts became deeper and faster. Much more desperate. He was close now. So close.
"So I have to sit quietly in the room because you want it! I can't talk to some people because you don't want it! I can't move my finger or say something aloud because it will mess you up with your plans! Mycroft ... Why are you like this? I don't understand your mood swings, I don't know why you get angry with me for a reason," John said with resignation. He ruffled his hair and looked at Mycroft.
The inappropriate joy and excitement because of the investigation gave way to the disappointment he felt at the thought that his assistance in the case might end here. He wanted to help solve the case, he wanted to catch the killer. However, his greatest desire was to get to know Holmes better. With each passing hour, his admiration for the eccentric detective grew. He was about to ask if he could be of any use to him and if they could continue the relationship, but Holmes must have known about his wishes, so he spoke first.
"Thank you, Mrs. Hudson," he interrupted her, irritated by the mention of Mycroft. "John will surely appreciate the efforts and care for our safety. Now take advantage of his absence and make a place in the drawer for the mask he brought for you as a gift. It has been hanging on the wall for four days, and that's already a record."
"Apart from the numbers ..." he said and waved his hand lightly. "... Is the data we have to collect worth our lives and the lives of other people, which we will probably have to kill along the way?"
"Maybe we should give him another chance to make a decision and stop guessing what he is feeling? Because in his case, it is sometimes really difficult to understand what he has in his head and what he is thinking about".
Turning his head seemed unnecessary and annoying to him. He was focused on two people, he had been thinking about for a long time, so he did not intend to interrupt the continuity of his thoughts just to please the stranger a person whom he would not remember anyway. He approached the hotel entrance and saw a high staircase with a red carpet and a huge bouquet of fresh flowers through the glass door.
Standing in the hall, he looked for Mycroft, but he was not around.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
“What time was it when you found the body?", the detective asked without taking his eyes off her face.
"Because my brother allows emotions to direct his actions. As you can see, he still has not developed this blockade, thanks to which he would become completely independent of the outside world and ordinary people ...
"Where do you think you going?" Josh asked, watching the doctor who pulled out a special knife and piece of cord from the side pocket of his backpack.
He frowned. He was not surprised by Sherlock's question, after all, he was familiar with his gift of deduction. What surprised him more was his friend's hoarse voice. Sherlock sounded like he had been silent for a week and had only now regained the ability to say something aloud. Also, he sounded so gentle and insecure as if he wasn't sure of his own words. As if talking to a friend was a privilege for him that he had been waiting for a long time.
"Interesting" he muttered under his breath.
He tried to find a solution. He knew he had to deal with this situation by himself. He stood there, eyes closed, thinking what to do to break free from the murderer's grip and at least try to fight for his life. The sudden lack of movement made him focus on his attacker, who now had his hand on his coat pocket. Before he realized what had happened, the murderer quickly pulled out a hidden revolver and tossed it over his head down the alley. The metallic clang of the weapon echoed through the dark and damp aisle.
"Conversations with Sherlock are never the same, John. I can't decide what to talk about and how it will end. You are aware, he usually takes control over the discussion and all you have to do is adjust to him and hear his complaints. I will have no other choice in this case either. Especially after what happened ... "
"To Stoner's apartment." He tried to penetrate the darkness, but it was extremely difficult. He could hear his friend's breathing behind him and the sound of Molly's shoes hitting the ground. He stopped and turned his head. "Molly, don't make that noise with your heels. We must be quiet to slip unnoticed, and Stoner's people can be anywhere. They are looking for us".
"I don't remember having an argument or another reason, so why did you disappear?" Sebastian's voice was not so harsh and cold anymore, "Why did you leave me?"
"So where are we going?"
"Your people irritate me, Lestrade. They ask the wrong questions or unknowingly directs witnesses to wrong answers. They are of no use. Besides, I am not going to wait for them to choose who will have the misfortune to accompany me." Holmes continued, looking for something outstanding and examining it with narrowed eyes. "The time is of the essence in these types of cases. The sooner witnesses are interviewed, the better. Their memories fade with every hour. Or they start adding things that did not happen just to make their testimonies more interesting ...". Only now the man's bright eyes fell on the two of them.
It caught her attention. She looked at him with genuine surprise, which immediately gave way to joy and excitement. She clapped her hands and giggled happily. "Will you tell him today?"
Mycroft, who until now had stood quietly behind Sherlock, came out of the shadows. "Advice for the future ... You better not upset her. Miss Lucy is known for her temperament and sharp language. And, as you noticed, brother mine, she is very good at using melee weapons. It will be better for you to live in harmony with her".
Mycroft could not believe his ears. He didn't even know how to react or respond.
Molly didn't answer. John knew why. The dirt and the chance to come across the glass was not an extremely pleasant option. John and Sherlock looked at each other in silence. At the moment when the girl was about to bend down to untie the belt surrounding her ankle, John spoke to her in a whisper.
"Please, don't worry, Miss Hooper and stay with us. We're expecting a guest anyway."
Sherlock shifted anxiously when he saw Stoner's confident and mocking smile. Aaron looked like he was going to embrace John, but he was just teasing him. John hoped Sherlock would deal with him quickly like he had done with others before. Usually, he gave one of his monologues, insulted his interlocutor and showed no remorse. This time, however, John apparently was wrong because his friend did not try to speak his deductions aloud. It was worse because Sherlock looked like someone who was defending himself against verbal attacks.
The meeting, though unofficial, was endless. Mycroft counted down every minute to the end, although he put on a brave face with typical seriousness and professionalism. He was relieved when he returned to the apartment, closed the door, and hid all the folders and documents he no longer had to touch until he returned to England. That is for another twenty hours. The secret congress ended and he was extremely pleased with it. Some delegates sat on planes, others were preparing to return. Only a few of them decided to take this opportunity to stay in Venice for some time. The congress was calm despite several incidents. More importantly, it seemed that even his little trick with John was accepted by the company surprisingly good. He had got it off his chest now. He promised himself that he would never put himself in a similar situation. Without thinking much, he poured some whiskey into a crystal glass. This alcohol was always delivered to him without a word, no matter where or what room he rented. It was almost 3 PM and John was still not there. Like Sherlock. Mycroft wondered if he should call any of them. He hoped John had not forgotten about their dinner with Francesca. Although he had to admit he preferred to avoid this meeting. Of course, he guessed what they would be talking about and to whom the content of their conversations would be reported. However, he could not prevent it, and since he had no influence on this, he decided not to worry. He only wondered how John would react when he found out the truth. Maybe it will not be so bad? In spite of everything the previous night, after that unpleasant scene with Aaron and his confessions, John wasn't eager to discuss and that really surprised him. He was expecting a long and sleepless night during which he would listen to his grievances and accusations. However, nothing like that happened. John surprised him more and more often and he slowly started to understand why Sherlock was so attracted to him.
“Greg, you are not my father.”
Guilt pierced Sherlock, startling him anew. He had forgotten about hat emotion in recent months… until John had come into his life and made him feel many things he had not thought he would experience again. Sherlock had not guessed he would be fighting a battle
“Neither Father nor my sister would have any use for it. If – “ He bit off the rest as the peddler’s – Mr. Holmes – eyes twinkled again. Once again, he met that gaze without flinching. He need not act like John was revealing some deep dark secret.  Anyone in the nearby village would be able to tell him who lived in Watson Hall.
Greg frowned.  “Uncle will be concerned if John is not home this evening.”
“I believe that is true,” he said with a smile.
“No!” he cried.
John did not slam the door in his wake, but only because he wanted to do nothing more to shame his father. His furious steps faltered when he saw Harry standing near the stairs. How easily he could be furious with Greg, but he was protective of Harry, even more so since their papa had died.
He pushed himself to his feet. A hint of hysterical laughter tickled the back of his throat. After he had dressed Harry down for not thinking before she acted, he had blurted out the truth of his love for Sherlock. He should have paused to remember what Sherlock had told him the night of their wedding. He had married John solely to give him the protection of his name. Nothing else.
Molly sighed. “There are some hateful things being said about you and that peddler you married.”
His hand was caught in a vise as he was shoved against the wall. His breath exploded from him, but the sound was muffled against a warm palm. When his fingers became numb, the poker fell onto the bed. He took a deep breath so that he might yell, but choked on it when the poker was held up in front of his face.
Auntie chuckled. “I have to say I would have made much the same choice myself, although Mrs. James should recall her manners.” Without a pause, she added. “When do you anticipate Sherlock returning here?”
“I thought you would never ask.” Lady Hudson tapped his arm again with her fan as she slipped a hand through his arm.
married now.” With a sigh, he picked up the nightshirt on the bed and placed it in John’s hands. “Ready yourself for bed, John, while I go to my room and gather some pillows and blankets.”
He put a hand on Greg’s elbow, ignoring his scowl.  “Greg, what is wrong? You were happy with Molly at the blessing of the fleet, and now you are as glum as a felon on his way to face the judge.”
“I don’t know if I can ever believe – “
“I was still trying to decide how.”
“What has happened?” John asked. For the first time, he noticed the scent of horseflesh and salt on his father. His clothes were not wrinkled from having worked hard at his desk, but from riding for hours.
He flung his arms around Sherlock, knowing how lonely it would be.  John could not betray Sherlock. No matter what, he would keep his secret hidden in his heart next to his unending love for him. When Sherlock slanted his mouth across his, John tried not to think what that vow might cost him.
“Father!” he cried, “Help me!”
Sebastian spat out a profane oath which reddened John’s cheeks.
“Do you want me to go with you?”
Aunt Hudson tucked the lace into his pocket and fluffed it. “I dreamed of you, our only omega, being married in a grand white suit made of white silk.”
Sherlock was sweating as if he had raced from Dover to Penzance. He had been in other situations that were even more dangerous than this one, so he knew it was not fear that gripped him. It was the unrelenting battle to keep from gathering John up in his arms and throwing away good sense as he put an end to this marriage of convenience by giving free rein to his need for him. Had that longing compelled him to offer for John when he could have found another way to protect him from the younger Moran?
“I was beginning to wonder if you’d forgotten that I wanted to show you the new roses I planted,” Molly said, wiping earth from her hands as she opened the gate to let John into the well-tended garden.
“Do not push him to find out.” Reverend Hooper’s deep voice rolled across the room. “Put that away, William. There shall be no more fighting. This is a wedding, not a brawl.” He held a hand out to John. When he went to him and put his left hand, with his wedding band glittering on it, on his hand, the reverend placed John’s had in Sherlock’s. “Remember these words. ‘What God has joined together, let no man put asunder.’ Do you understand?”
“Of an invasion force from France floating just out of sight in the Channel?” When John turned to Sherlock, his eyes wide, Sherlock laughed. “Don’t look at me as if I read your thoughts. I know what is on every mind along this shore, for I have heard uneasy conversations over and over as I have traveled. There is nary a soul here who does not fear that Napoleon will throw his army upon these strands.”
“It should be.”
John yelped as Moran lunged at Sherlock. Hands grabbed him. Tugged him back against Sebastian’s chest, he struggled to escape. He saw his father motion to one of the footmen, but yelped again as Sir Albert’s blow went wide. Sir Albert whirled to face Sherlock who had moved easily out of the way.
“If I had been a good Omega, never questioning why you married me and why I love you when you hid so much from me, you would never have needed to reveal any of this. You could have gone on betraying my father and his friends” – his voice broke as he added – “and me.”
“Is my aunt inside?” he asked.
“You are oddly quiet.” Sherlock said as he followed him into the room and shut the door.
“Sherlock!”
“Your errand must be one of great urgency if you are even considering going through that.” He fingered the fabric of John’s sleeve.  “You shall quite ruin your handsome jacket.”
“Thank you,” John whispered.
John nodded, but had no chance to speak as Aunt Hudson outlined her plans for how the beating of the bounds would be held. No one had a chance to speak, save her. Greg’s glower grew grimmer and grimmer. Harry’s smile broadened.
Chapter 12
“I don’t want to be pawed.” John pushed past Sebastian and climbed the steps to the terrace.
He whirled from the window and stared at Greg who stood in the doorway. Even though the day’s heat was close and stifling, he wore a dark brown coat and a correctly tied cravat.
merchant.” He smiled coolly. “I would appreciate your walking with me to my carriage.”
As Sir Albert laughed, his arm encircled John’s waist. “We can prove to everyone that my son was not lying.”
He hoped.
“Sherlock, what you did was…” When he looked up at John’s hesitation, he said, “It was stupid!”
“What!” John exclaimed.
“Do I?”
“What happened to you?” Molly’s brown eyes grew as round as her mouth.
A hand clamped over his mouth. His eyes grew wide as he realized that the moonlight had betrayed him. It was not his sister by the wagon. This man was broader than any in his family… and he was not alone.
Before the coachee could call back an answer, the other door was jerked open.  John gasped, fearing some highwayman was about to make his demands.  Who else would ambush the carriage like this and be so discourteous?  He put his hand over his wedding band.  He did not want to surrender it to some brazen thief.  When Sherlock left for what might be forever, this ring would be the only thing he would have other than his memories and a broken heart.
It required all his strength to still the quivers in John’s voice. “I know, but you were planning on leaving to return to your life.”
“I realize that. However -” John glanced at the open door as shouts rang out along the hall.
“Very kind of you.” That hadn’t sounded too trite. Had it?
“Cut the wedding cake, my child.” She chuckled. “Or what is left of it, at any rate, so we may all enjoy some of Cook’s best frosting.”
Unsure what had wrenched him from his sleep, he sat and rubbed his tired eyes. Seeing a shadow move on the ledge outside his window, he bit back a yell.  Who had climbed up here? Only a French fiend would be so desperate. Maybe it was the prisoner who had fled from the village. Or was it a smuggler chased here by the shore patrols?
A few hours later saw John still pacing through the house. Father had guests that evening, a few men from the village seeking guidance on issues of property lines and ancient water rights. Because he took his obligations so seriously, John could not imagine intruding on such a meeting, although they seldom lasted this long.
“Be silent, cousin.”  He motioned with his head toward Sir Albert. “Bring him along.  He apparently has information we can use.”
Sherlock was not surprised when he did not return the offer to use his given name. “Do you need to be somewhere just now, Mr. Watson?”
“I came out here alone. I was looking for Sherlock, and I know how he enjoys the fresh air.” He took her arm, tugging her away from where Sir Albert was shifting groggily. “You cannot tell anyone about this.”
“No.” He looked back to see Sherlock in the doorway. His face held a smile appropriate for an Alpha who had made a good marriage that day. “There he is.”
As if there had been no interruption, Aunt Hudson went to the table and picked up a knife. She pressed it in John’s numb fingers.
“Is it?” John returned. “It would be good for everyone to remember where the paths lead through the woods and away from the coast. Just in case.”
“And take guns with you,” Father called to them as they scurried out.
“I wasn’t.” He sat on the chair and tugged off his boots. Stifling a yawn, he shrugged. “I did not want to wake you. Why don’t you go to sleep?”
“Do you mean to tell me that you actually considered for even a heartbeat giving your son to those beasts? Mayhap your mate did not tell you what – “
“It can wait, Father.”
John heard a soft laugh. “This is hardly the greeting I expected from my dear mate.”
“Can we speak of this in the carriage?”
John nodded with a sigh. “You are right. I will not tell anyone the truth because I want to keep you alive. I love you.”
“Another time.” Greg turned and strode back to Miss Donovan.
“What are you talking about?” Greg pushed himself to his feet, his arms still wrapped around his middle.
“Father will not be pleased that you are helping the smugglers, Greg!” John snapped.
“Greg, what is amiss?”
“Obviously.” Fear augmented John’s burst of fury as Sherlock released him. “Where have you been?”
“Why would they help you today if - ?”
John tossed a pebble into the stream. His hope that a walk across the summer leas and into the woods would ease his aching heart had come to naught. As when he had tried to ease his frustrations over Harry entering the army, he found no comfort.
"Don't tease love."  Greg growled behind him.
“Name them! I shall rip that Alpha apart before your eyes so you can see what happens to the man who dares cuckold me!”
“Sebastian!” chided John.
“Yes, yes.” His father said with an odd impatience. “That of course is your business. What I want to know now is, are you interested in joining the strand patrols, Sherlock?”
John whispered, “And I hope I can learn something from you.”
“Which is most convenient for you in the midst of this discussion. I hope you did not air your opinions for Harry. She needs little inducement to run away and join the army.”
He did not speak the thought aloud, for he suspected that the light in Mr. Holmes eyes would vanish again and he would be facing that uncompromising stare once more.
“He might be busy.”
“The sister to the former baron?”
“Only what I’ve heard whispered about the shire.”
“I speak only as others have.” Sherlock drew him past the dancing area and toward the shadows by the church. “Shall we?”
Sebastian shot a venomous scowl at John before doing so.
“You are my father’s guest. I can do no less.” John chuckled as he added, “And you have been very kind not to remind me that it is my fault you are hurt.”
“You shall be only as impossible as you’ve been up until now?”
“Do you wish me to?”  Sherlock’s fingers quested along John’s cheek to his ear. A single fingertip traced its curve, lingering behind it. His gentle caress sent a bolt from John’s skin to spiral deep within him.
John’s fingernails bit into Sherlock’s arm. When Sherlock loosened them, giving him a grim smile, John leaned closer to him. He had not wanted to believe him when Sherlock said Sir Albert wanted John more for himself than for his son. When he glanced at his father, John saw realization dawning in his furious eyes. He looked at his aunt, who nodded sagely.
“Yes,” Sebastian said, his voice as grim as Harry’s was joyous, “let us hear what
I have this ridiculous habit of overestimating the amount of time I have available to write and post. And I'm lazy. So here it is, finally, a new chapter. Thanks again to
“Now I guess I shall be staying to make my life here.” Sherlock sighed, but that glitter remained in his eyes. “If I refuse to save your family’s reputation by marrying you, your father will take target practice to my backside as you threatened to do to Moran.”
“Apparently you already know some of the smugglers well.  I have heard that tale repeated from the minister to Mr. Jensen…”  John stared at Sherlock. He had delivered that packed to Mr. Jensen at his warehouse.  For the first time since that day, John wondered what had been in it.
He whirled to see his father behind Sherlock.  His father’s face was long with his frown as he gripped John’s arm. John gasped when his father’s fingers bit into his arm, but William ignored the sound as he drew John away from Sherlock.
“No!” He shoved Sherlock’s hands away. Backing toward the barn door, he whirled into the storm as Sherlock reached for him.
John stared at him. “You know Shakespeare?”
Sherlock smiled as he said, “One problem has been solved… at least for us.”
His father intruded, saving him from blurting out the words which did not want to lie still.  “Come in, John, and tell me what you wish to say. I suspect your husband is eager to tell you about his adventures along the road.”
, don’t you mean?”
Her hands grasped his shoulders. For the first time, John realized he had to look down to meet Aunt Hudson’s eyes. She’d been such a formidable force in his life that he had not noticed when he’d grown taller than her.
Sandwiching John’s hands between his, Sherlock asked, “I trust I did not disturb you when I left the room this morning. You were asleep, and I did not wish to wake you
He stood. Motioning for Auntie to come in, he bit his lip when she dismissed Elsa. What had happened now?
As they walked to where the thin grass had been beaten into the ground by the dancing, Sherlock said, “Harry may think I understand her, John, but you do not understand me.”
Sherlock acted as if he were immune to the startled glances, although John knew how little was missed by his keen eyes. “I want to help. Nothing more.”
“Then allow me.” He offered his hand again.
“You haven’t, Greg!” John gasped.
“Dance.”
The soldier cursed and pushed John away from him. John simply stared. As if in the midst of an appalling dream, he took a step toward Sherlock, who was dressed in a French officer’s uniform. Looking from one face to the next, he saw the Frenchmen were as shocked as he was.
Glancing upward, John muttered,
When an arm encircled his shoulders, he looked up to see Sherlock’s smile. Somehow, he managed to introduce him to Molly without bumbling over his words too often. He was as gracious to Molly as if she were the daughter of the king, which was no surprise. Sherlock treated everyone with respect, save for the Morans.
“When you bring Sherlock to the church picnic at the end of the month, everyone will see that Sebastian’s rumors are simply a result of his jealousy.”
“Marrying you?” Sherlock shrugged. “John, to be honest, at the time, the idea of rescuing you from that ogre seemed like a fine idea.”
Sherlock grinned when the other man bristled. Resting his right hand on the back of a chair, he winced as the simple motion sent agony through him. The blasted arm might not be broken, but it ached as if it were. “Forgive me,” he said, lowering himself onto the settee. “Tis the price of being a hero.”
“Good luck. I’ll be praying that your father will heed your pleas.”
“An easy assumption when you just did.” John set the empty glass on a nearby table and knelt by his chair. “Will you be honest about what you meant about the smugglers?”
Greg cursed viciously but halted when a gun was poked at him.
Seizing John’s elbows, Sherlock tugged him down next to him. He pinned John’s left hand against the blanket as he lifted the other against his chest. An involuntary gasp of pleasure burst from John’s lips as the unyielding muscles moved beneath his touch.
