"Mm-hmm." Mary nodded. "He was obsessed with you, Sherlock, and wanted any info I could give him."
"Sherlock."
"Fine." He waved a hand towards Stone, who had wandered back out from the kitchen. "I'll come with you more often when you walk the dog." At the word "walk," Stone scrambled across the room to push his way between Sherlock and John.
"It says, 'Take care of her, brother.' But it came from your number."
"All right, but as she gets bigger and gets on a more reasonable sleep schedule, we're going to put you on one, too."
"Sorry, what?"
"Drugs stuff?" Dad's face went hard again. "Is Eurus into that now, too?"
Sherlock came out of the loo, wearing gloves as John had requested, though his help proved unnecessary in the end.
"No, it's not. John brought it."
"Yes, of course I want to see her." Mrs. Holmes set off through the kitchen, giving a brief tug on the strings of Wiggins's congratulatory balloon bouquet as she passed by the table.
"Yes. Molly Hooper."
"What's the difference? I can't catch him anyway. I haven't been able to figure out anything he has planned until it's too late. I'm just reacting to him." He flopped back against the cushions but didn't lie down, just to prove John wrong.
“Is it?”
"I'm not waiting for one. I hope there is one, but I'm not putting my life on hold until then."
"Just because some woman you spend all day with gives you a present, why would that make me jealous?"
Sherlock stood up. “I’m going out to look for him.”
John met Sherlock's eyes and held his gaze, confirming what he now knew to be true. Yes, they were in agreement that they would do this, and while this might not be the circumstances that either of them preferred, being together was something they had both wanted for a very long time. Too bad they'd both been such idiots about it.
"Not very dignified."
"Because I'm asleep." He stretched to grab the phone in question, which was charging on his own nightstand. He'd muted the sound overnight, but when he picked it up now it displayed two new messages and two missed calls. Nothing from John—
He turned the knob and pushed open the door, revealing a room that appeared empty and undisturbed.
"Yeah, okay. Get over here anyway."
He squirmed beneath John's arm until he was lying on his back. John was staring at him, though Sherlock could tell that he'd just woken up, as well.
"I haven't been able to figure anything out, lately, it seems like."
"Just wiped her with a warm flannel. She won't have a real bath until her umbilical cord falls off, probably in a week or so."
"What are you—"
"Sorry, sorry. I didn't mean to—" He slid back a few inches on Sherlock's legs and wondered if he should make an attempt to hide the bulge that was clearly visible though his own trousers.
Nothing Mycroft had to say could possibly be important enough to be discussed this early in the morning. He dropped the phone back into his pocket and turned his attention to peeling the orange. He hadn't managed more than half of it before he was interrupted by the sound of heavy footsteps ascending the stairs to the flat. "Oh, no."
"Amy Crawford was a school teacher. Christopher had an office job that paid even less than what she made."
Now she caught Rosie by the shoulders before she could launch herself into Sherlock's legs. "Sweetie, your lunch box was in that bag when you got here. Go find it, and you left your crayons and colouring sheets on the coffee table."
"Yep." John paused long enough to lift his hand in a rude gesture towards the button-sized camera that had been installed above the mirror over the fireplace.
"He was coughing all day. I could even hear him when I went down to Mrs. Hudson's for lunch," Rosie said. "He didn't have any lunch—he must be hungry. Should we wake him up so he can eat his soup?"
"Yeah, she'll gain it right back in the next week or so. You don't need to weigh her every day, as long as she looks and acts healthy and is eating well. She's very alert and responsive."
"I'm right here," John replied, and Sherlock looked up to see him sitting on the other side of the coffee table, finishing off a scone, raisins and all.
He began to move again, holding John in place with hands on his hips as he thrust in and out of him, each movement matched by the stroke of John's hands on his own cock. The small noises they each made, the clench of John's muscles around him, the heat and sweat produced between them at the places where their skin did touch, even the novelty of using the condom after so many years all worked together to bring Sherlock swiftly to the limit of what he could withstand. "John."
Sherlock feathered his thumb along the cleft of John's mouth, four long, graceful fingers cupping his chin. His hands traced solid, round shoulders and sturdy, ovoid hips. All the planes of John's body were configured in a helix. Even the small man's knuckles formed benignly cast ellipses, belying their potential for mayhem. John's anatomy and demeanor was it's own disguise, Sherlock deduced with a start. John was a force of destructive fury clad in a frumpy gray cardigan. Venturing onward, Sherlock's slim, callused fingers gentled and unwound the whole of John's sum.
. I'm not going to even pretend that I knew what you said, or in how many languages. If you want a proper diagnosis, and advice on how to lower your cholesterol, I'm your man. But with foreign languages, yeah, that's a no--go. Unless of course, you want to learn how to curse in Pashtun, Dari or Pashto.
"Yes, John. For God's sake," Sherlock spat, "now, fuck me!" The men ground together, ramming against each other with frantic and senseless abandon. There were no more shared words, only grunts and loud exhalations. Base animal need (
"Ehh...John...ahem," Sherlock faltered, thrown off kilter. John Watson, AKA former brilliant army surgeon, present stalwart companion, and "I-am-absolutely-not-gay" flatmate was humming contentedly whilst he worked the chip with his tongue. That part was okay.
like skin. John swallowed harder, this time tasting the sick.
Just in time, heavy footsteps clomped up the stairs; heavy, exhausted feet weighed down by the woes of the world. DI Lestrade, to the rescue. Eight years of acquaintance had stripped most social niceties between the detectives. John afforded a bit more courtesy, but not much. They'd been through the nine circles of hell together, and bloody Christ, coming back had been almost as difficult. Needless to say, Greg stormed into the flat with nary a knock or a word. He had a case for his friend and associate. A case that would keep them up nights.
emotions, am I wrong?"
Before anything, however, John needed to put aside his own issues. A busted-up ankle was small potatoes, a trifle. His behavior engendered deep shame. He had to set his focus on the things he had the ability to do. He absorbed Sherlock's words and allowed them to marinate.
Snorting, the doctor said, "Yeah, heard that one already. Bollocks. You like it. The point is - the point is, Sherlock, that whilst I can say for certain that I know
Yes, they lived together, worked together, and saved each other's lives, but the relationship stopped there, thankyouverymuch. The friendship was strictly platonic, despite what it very much looked like...and John was
Sherlock texted back less than a minute later.
"Though the day holds no particular religious significance to me, I have a child and partner who would greatly prefer that I be home to celebrate with them."
"Can't stop, even if I wanted to. John." Sherlock's left arm moved to wrap around John's back, pulling them tighter, even as John lifted his hips to give Sherlock's right hand room to move.
Yes, Mycroft. He'd arrived this morning, gone directly upstairs into his old bedroom, and come back down carrying several cardboard boxes.
He had just finished manoeuvring the fridge back into its spot against the wall when Mycroft barged into the kitchen, his phone still pressed to his ear. “Get out here, Sherlock! Now!”
"We have no comment at this time," John said, without looking at her. Sherlock stepped to his side and they began to move together, forcing the reporter to step back to allow them to pass.
"Did it work?" Lestrade dropped his phone into his pocket and looked at them expectantly.
"No, it's all right," Molly said. "I do need to go. Thanks for letting me see the baby. She's beautiful."
There was no way to know. Sherlock's Mind Palace was useless in this case—he had too little experience in kissing for its own sake, rather than as a tool used to gain something else. He needed more data, but he wasn't brave enough to try kissing John again. He needed...advice? To whom could he turn for advice in such a matter?
"Ever since you got hurt. Why?"
"Sherlock, I highly recommend that you not climax until Doctor Watson is close to doing so himself. It shouldn't be long, based on the rate at which his cock has begun to leak since you entered him."
Mrs. Hudson said his name again and he turned to her. She put out both hands to him and he let her give him a quick embrace, feeling how her thin shoulders were shaking beneath his hands, despite the fact that she appeared uninjured.
"Read what it says!" Mrs. Hudson said.
"Another medication."
"Yeah. I can't feel you holding my legs so it seems like I'm going to fall, but I trust you."
"You want to just—" He settled his hand over his flies and frowned.
"Just say okay, please? If there's a complication and she's not in hospital, she and the baby could both die."
"Yes, thank you. I am aware. He should be back in London, trying to catch Moriarty."
John stared back at him. His mouth fell open but every coherent thought had flown from his head. Sherlock. On the sofa. Cock in his hand. "What—what are you doing?"
(See the end of the chapter for
John glanced at Sherlock, tongue pushing out hesitantly between his lips. "How long do you think we'll be up here?
"I knew you'd see reason." John turned back to the mirror and ran his fingers through his hair, undoing half of what he'd done with the gel. "All this grey hair doesn't make any sense, because I feel like a teenager again, sneaking around with a date behind my parents' backs."
Sherlock ran his hand down the boy's face to his neck, checking for a pulse, just in case, but there was nothing. Only the girl downstairs was still alive—he hoped John would be able to keep her that way until the ambulance arrived.
Except it seemed Lestrade wasn't following his normal routine, because when they got to his door, he didn't answer despite repeated knocking.
"Why?" Sherlock didn't move other than to wipe at his nose again; even that light touch made pain flare up and across his entire face.
No, that was ridiculous. Moriarty hadn't sent a pair of dogs to attack Stone.
"Spinal cord injury. I, er, slipped and fell. About a year and a half ago, now. It's okay."
John's face eased into a grin. "Yes. I assumed that's the Molly you were referring to. And she gave you this?" He set his tablet down on the little table and picked up the bottle of oil.
"Yeah. I'm not used to using them for that long. Rough on my shoulders. And I've got a few new blisters." He raised his hands, though Sherlock wasn't close enough to see any detail.
Given how much John hated wearing the braces and preferred the freedom and ease of movement he had with the chair, that was more than a little surprising, but it didn't matter either way to Sherlock. Now that they were this close to the murder scene, he couldn't wait any longer.
"And there will also be agents stationed at Barts Hospital and at your surgery, John."
“Rosie would be out there in the water with those other children,” Sherlock said, gesturing with his fork. “And you’d probably be with her, because you’d be afraid she’d get eaten by a shark or some such nonsense.”
He straightened up, then bent forward again to plant a quick kiss on John's forehead before turning away. He could hear Mycroft's men at the far end of the hallway outside and he had one more thing to do before they got here. He picked up the empty holster, then crossed back to the front of the office to where Moriarty had discarded John's coat and the gun itself. Sherlock grabbed them both, tucking the gun and holster into his own coat pockets so no one else would see them. The police were likely to descend on the building, as well, and while he thought Mycroft could overrule them if they tried to confiscate John's gun, he wasn't willing to test that theory. Not now, not with Moriarty still on the loose.
"You won't be going in to work tomorrow." Mycroft strolled up behind them, stopping just out of range of Stone's curious sniffing.
"John, John, John," Sherlock began to chant.
"There's nothing in the flat. That I can take. At the moment. And I'm glad there isn't, but—"
"I am staying." He lifted his bag. "We.... Why don't you come on upstairs with us, Mrs. Hudson?"
"Well, I bet if you eat no more chocolate for the rest of the day, you'll feel a whole lot better by tomorrow. Let's take you upstairs and find some clothes that are more your size, hmm?" He turned with Rosie in his arms towards John. "Oh, but Daddy looks handsome in that shirt, doesn't he? He doesn't need to change."
"That is not in the least bit true! You used to scold me for bringing home dead animals that I wanted to dissect."
"Agh! No, you stop! I can't...I won't...I can't...I need some air, but I can't," John wheezed harshly, "have it!" He was caught, their precious flat now a prison. He may as well be locked up in chains. John curled up shrimp-like, burying his face in his hands.
"I hold you in my highest esteem!" Sherlock bawled, eyes squeezed shut. His words came out louder than expected. "Excuse me, John. I said that rather
It took twelve months of intensive therapy combined with rehab for Mycroft to deem Sherlock fit to re-enter London society. John knew the rest of the story from there. Sherlock, his triumphant return, no worse for the wear. He resumed his high-profile life of deduction and intrigue, a crime-fighting master with a really good coat.
They were a unit; a stable, unbreakable, covalent bond. The men breathed gently, noses grazing together whilst air molecules flowed between them via nose, mouth, and throat. Nitrogen, oxygen, argon pulled in to their lungs, carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxides and ozone out. Shared. A unit. As one.
John awoke to find the bed cold. A Sherlock-sized imprint indented the sheets, but when John put his hand to the spot, he felt only damp chill. Sherlock had been out of his bed for some time. Peering at the blinding bright red of the digital clock, John saw that dawn was still several hours away. Maybe, Sherlock's bizarre internal clock had forced him to get up and start moving. The man upheld a ridiculous resentment against his transport's compulsion to sleep, despite the biological necessity.
"Create around one at least a small circle where matters are arranged as one wants them to be." - Anna Freud
, dare he label it as some honest sentiment
What gain was there in rehashing the past? Especially - especially this particular bit of the past! John had long ago recognized the futility of wanting closure - and yet. A significant part of his own self had shattered that day and still ached for want of mending. All forgiveness aside, the little man still suffered nightmares; a macabre, 3 a.m. special feature.**
"I've got you, love. Granted, I've more experience, but you have to tell me how it feels. If something isn't right, you talk to me, yeah?"
Any plans for physical reassurance were squelched, however, as Sherlock abruptly slid back. He remained fearful of John's learned fingers. John had the touch of a doctor, and Sherlock possessed a bloody big brain. He'd anticipated the little man's next move, and had no intention of conceding. Sherlock deemed his intention irrational, disastrous. John planned to
okay, one more. I'm pretty sure that this sucks. Hopefully it doesn't. I'm venting here, not looking for anything...ok, that's a lie. I am in desperate need for positive input. I have been distracted by the MARVELOUS work of CaitlynFairchild, SilentAuror, PoppyAlexander, Breath4Life, LockedinJohnlock, CassidyHartwick, pandoras_chaos, J-Baillier, darkestbird, threadoflife, pennydreadful, and many others. Check oiut my bookmarks if you are interested. It's a little daunting to write when surrounded by such brilliance.
if you don't want. But," John squinted at the ceiling, then wrinkled his nose in disgust. In normal circumstances Sherlock would find this expression endearing. At the moment, John's facial contortions were driving him absolutely mad.
"It's not all been bad, Sherlock. One gammy leg is all it took for us to finally 'fess up love."
And, I believe I'm rather enjoying it." He squeezed his arms around Sherlock's torso for emphasis. "I don't know what I think. I just know what I feel." Leaning back to make eye contact, John spoke quietly, with intention. "And I feel this is very okay. It seems right."
Now John did snort, but as the stalwart medical professional he was, he followed through. They started slowly, as slow only made sense. John manoeuvered his penis into position, rubbing the crest of his glans against Sherlock's furl. Wanting to ease his lover's trepidation, he breathlessly narrated each move. There was panting and groaning and the gyrating of bodies as John worked his way into Sherlock. The doctor's brain short-circuited the second his balls touched against his lover's rounded flesh. "I'm all the way in," he panted, eyelids drooping heavily. "Tss...good, really good. Are you alright?"
"Stiletto," Sherlock muttered.
The detective's irises had always reminded John of glass marbles, the type that he delighted in as a lad. An ancient, yellowed leather pouch of marbles had been given to him by his father, before alcohol had poisoned his heart.
Greg is a very good friend.
Sherlock was seriously fleet of feet; but he was no Superman. Or so...faster than a speeding bullet, more powerful than a locomotive (er...Underground explosive), able to leap off tall buildings in a single bound...(and come back to their roommates unscathed, thank you very much). His brilliant flatmate had once again beat the NSY to the scene.
Right.
Nevertheless, John hadn't been promoted to captain by happenstance. The ruthless timber and volume of his voice breached the door of the palace like a 14th century battering ram. It splintered the wood planks into kindling.
Sherlock stared at the fire and pressed his lips together. "It's not easy for me to say this, John. You know my opinion on sentiment."
Now, Sherlock's chest rumbled, the noise edging into a wild groan. Greg gaped in stupefied horror as his friend thrust hands into his hair and started yanking
Swollen, honeyed lips frantically tore back. Sherlock stared at his John in horrified panic, appalled at his sexual ineptitude. "I don't...please...that is. Right," the detective bleated, abashed. Missing the bigger picture, John smiled with his eyes, whilst running a restless thumb over Sherlock's flushed face. The doctor felt honoured, and a wee bit cocky. Sherlock had chosen
(See the end of the chapter for
"That's bollocks, Sherlock, and you know it. And, I'm sorry, too. I'm going to fuck this up, love," John confessed.
that slick, prehensile tongue, dragging from earlobe to clavicle. And,
The story didn't end there, unfortunately.
"John."
"Yeah...that. I'd hoped that my long days of limping were over." He scanned Sherlock's face without turning his head. John's colorless lashes concealed the deep blue of his eyes. "I'm sorry to say that I'm not going to be much use to you for the next several months, at the least."
Clearing his throat, John raised it up as an offering, but Sherlock remained lost in his frenzy of flapping. John was actually being jostled as he perched atop Sherlock's lap. There was nothing for it. Struggling, John attempted to grab his lover's wrist with his hand. The two men were instantly engaged in a wrestling match, and John wasn't scoring any points.
Sherlock had pinched the desk clock off a client, a man typical of Mycroft's persuasion. He'd been a stuffy and moth-eaten magistrate...no wait, that wasn't it; rather, a high-ranking minor official. John had never figured out the motivation behind his lover's light fingers, but there it rested, a blight on good taste. The clock held neither monetary nor sentimental value, or at least none that John knew of (which admittedly, wasn't much). It seemed a lackluster trophy when compared to lead crystal ashtrays and diamond cufflinks. John despised the hiccuping click of it's hands. So incredibly annoying.
The doctor groaned, fiercely thrusting into himself. He pushed in his third and fourth finger. It was awkward, but just doable, and bloody hell, "Sherlock! Fuck, Sherlock, I'm ready!"
"So," Sherlock murmured, hands cupped protectively around his tea. They'd retreated back to bed after stuffing themselves to the gills. "At what point after I left did you commence hallucinating?"
On, and on, and on. In light of Lestrade's long-winded diatribe, Sherlock deemed it prudent to seek the Mind Palace. If provoked beyond his waning restraint, he might do (would do) something later judged a bit not good. Mind over matter, as it were.
Greg gave up, circumnavigating around to the seat. He dropped his arse in relief. They'd not accomplished a damn thing thus far. If no new information was forthcoming, at least he could rest his sore feet.
John. Revealing my secrets - that's what hurts." The detective dropped his arms, desperate to elaborate as John's face turned painfully stricken.
He only hoped that Gavin was up to the task.
You can penetrate any place you go.
John tactfully smothered a relieved grin on the heels of the prickly retort. Despite his lover's seriously atypical posture, Sherlock's brain was still firing on all cylinders. More to the point, Sherlock was inhabiting his body. He'd not wandered off to the recesses of his mind palace. "Yeah. Right. Sorry," John conceded, "I'm not trying to coddle you, it's just a fucking delicate situation, yeah? I don't want - to hurt you."
"Perhaps, my phrasing was - ."
John heard Sherlock inhale all the air in the room, leaving none left for himself. "What we did yesterday, the sex and all that, it was fantastic. Spectacular - more incredible than I ever could have imagined." Sherlock swallowed so strenuously John heard liquid propelling down his throat. "John, my body is ruined, just a mess. I'm wrecked, John, wrecked," he groaned, close to tears. "It's reasonable to infer that you no longer wish to be intimate."
"For the last sodding time, I AM NOT GAY."
"Sherlock. I do possess a medical degree, love," John murmured, growing sleepy. "I understand how viruses, including the influenza virus, work." A huge yawn cracked his face. "Can you move on to the point?"
Sherlock's shirt, usually itself a second skin, hung slack from his immense, now cowed shoulders. The midnight black cotton perfectly concealed the damaged flesh hidden within. "John," the tall man pleaded, perched on his knees by the foot board. "Do you really think that this is necessary?" To the doctor, Sherlock appeared ready to bolt.
Sherlock responded noisily, practically sniffing all the room's air up his nose. He looked the better for it, oxygen rushing from lungs to brain. The detective's face even colored up a bit; well, at least the part that was visible.
Constantly.
"Hold up," John commanded. "I need to apply some Garamycin first. No sense in risking infection."
- boisterous exercise aggravate your ankle? Does it hurt?"
Even whilst a child, not many things surprised Mycroft. Naturally, Sherlock had wept, suffering such a terrible fright. He was a baby, after all, already prone to wild and emotional outbursts. They'd crashed down all fifteen steps, after all; Mycroft felt a bit drippy himself. No, what surprised Mycroft was his brother's instantaneous and unexpected outrage.
"Sherlock! Shut. The fuck.
Sherlock huffed, feeling slightly offended. "Yes, John, and no, John. I am completely capable of dunking a teabag and frying an egg, thank you." He experienced two blissful seconds of indignant ire before deducing the reason for John's words. John was definitely deflecting. Playing along, Sherlock swung his dressing gown over his shoulders and flounced in the direction of the kitchen. "
enough to send one screaming in the streets?
He blew on his tea whilst he waited for Sherlock return, the indistinct hum of the low fluorescent bulbs the one thing keeping John grounded. The soft, homey sound served as the flat's muted soundtrack when Sherlock wasn't actively creating chaos. In fact, it was this oft overlooked sound that sent the doctor running three days after Sherlock had jumped (
he though.
Sherlock opened his mouth in protest, but John cut him off with a hand.
"Oh," Mrs. Holmes said softly. "Oh, my. I...." She trailed off, and neither John nor Sherlock tried to stop her from reaching over the side of the cot and settling her fingertips on Eve's tiny chest. "She's the picture of baby Eurus. You and your brother were bald as eggs but Eurus had a beautiful head of hair just like this. My little girl." She lifted her hand from Eve and brought it up to her own face, covering her mouth.
"What are you doing?" John asked.
"No, not Molly's." She probably was home, but she lived in a basement flat, and he didn't want to hide out in a location that would be hard for John to get in and out of quickly. Unfortunately, most of his old boltholes were the exact opposite of accessible. "We're going to Lestrade's flat." His building had an excellent set of lifts.
John blinked at him. "Still not following you."
"Oh yes," Mycroft chimed in. "I'm sure it was Mary the assassin who insisted on baptising young Rosamund."
When he went back downstairs, he stopped to pick up the quilt that Sherlock had kicked entirely to the floor. As he placed it back over him, Sherlock opened his eyes. He blinked sleepily and stretched, and John leaned forward to give him a kiss high on his cheek, well away from his mouth.
"I know you're dangerous. You don't need to look it."
"She's been in labor for two days."
—to use. One wall with windows covered by dull grey curtains, the other walls decorated with the bland wallpaper that had failed to distract him when he'd wanted it to last year. Gemma's desk. He walked over to it. The only possible hiding spot for a body would be underneath—
"Stop, let me—" John struggled against him, dismayed to find himself overpowered.
Sherlock studied the look on John's face.
John shook his head. “We’re on the ocean. I’m not eating veal. Try this fish.” He pushed his plate a few inches closer to Sherlock’s on the tiny wooden table they shared, and watched as Sherlock took a bite and made a face—he'd never really appreciated fine seafood. John pulled his plate back. “Do you think Rosie is eating your mum's cooking?"
"I told you I made a lot of money working for Moriarty."
Mummy tutted at him. "Nonsense, of course you can. I've already changed the linens."
John woke up to the sound of Rosie crying. Which was unusual—she was almost four now, and while she cried occasionally if she was injured or unhappy, it certainly wasn't the norm for her, especially not in the middle of the night. Maybe it was the novelty of sleeping here at her grandparents' house—well, Sherlock's parents, but everyone had long ago agreed that they were family.
Laughing quietly, Sherlock pulled John close again for another quick kiss. "I've never shared a bedroom in my life, but I guess having you in here can't be any worse than having an infant."
"I know," Sherlock said. John sometimes got frustrated when he wasn't able to bring himself to orgasm as quickly as he could before, so it usually worked out better if Sherlock was the one to get him off.
“He left? Why would he do such a thing?” Mummy asked.
"Where are you going? Have you got a case?"
"No, I'll do it. Just this once, because I know this case is important to you. But I can't wear them over my coat, so I won't be able to bring my gun."
"Hm." John drew his hands back. "Lie on your back for me."
John gave him a tight smile and cut his eyes sideways to Sherlock.
"Speaking of London, when do you expect our flat to be ready for us to go back?" John asked.
"Daddy!" Rosie tugged on his leg again. "See the baby now."
"Sorry, what?" John looked up at Sherlock, who had appeared silently in the living room and was now standing next to John's chair.
“They can’t have got too far away, anyway,” Mummy said. “It’s only been about 30 minutes since we saw John leave town, and if they drove towards London they would have run into traffic quickly.”
"Yes, please." Rosie handed him the used tissue. She felt a little better now, and was glad Gran and Grandad's bedroom was right next door if she needed them during the night.
"I can give you two a lift," Donovan offered.
John snickered. "Guess he gave up on meeting someone special in prison."
"Ah, very smart. Thank you, Molly."
John shook his head, a minimal objection, and Sherlock grinned.
John worked his own pants down to his thighs, then shifted his upper body so they were touching at the shoulder. He turned his head to kiss along Sherlock's bicep. "Let's do it to each other. I don't—"
Sherlock considered. He was wide awake now, after dozing for those few minutes while John was in the shower. And it was a little earlier than the time he usually went to bed, so even though he'd taken his medication, he was unlikely to fall asleep quickly. John's offer was tempting in that light, but he also suspected that John was trying to use sex to make up for the fact that he had hid what he'd known about the
One bad thing about winter is sometimes Sherlock gets bored because he says there are no good crimes. I try to play games with him to cheer him up but I know he is still sad when I have to go to school and Daddy is at work and he is home alone all day.
“No, not outside,” Mycroft said. “In here. Where’s the remote for the television?”
"Hello, this is Detective Sergeant Sally Donovan with the Metropolitan Police. We have reason to believe that a wanted criminal may have broken into your office yesterday. We don't believe anything was stolen or damaged, but there were concerns for your own safety."
"Clean up should be finished tomorrow, but you will not be returning until Moriarty is once more in custody."
"Moriarty," John said.
"Yeah. They were a little stiff this morning, but not too sore. And they're a lot better now that I've been moving around a bit." John stopped in front of the fireplace and looked at himself in the mirror, then flicked his eyes to Sherlock's reflection. "You're staring at me again."
"Or ashy!" Rosie shouted.
John shifted uncomfortably in his chair. Maybe Sherlock was right, and Eurus wouldn't harm Rosie, but then again, she had tortured her older brothers without a second thought, so the label of family was no guarantee of safety. He didn't understand anything about Eurus's motivations, and wasn't even sure he wanted to. "Why did she let herself be caught and returned to Sherrinford so easily?" Eurus hadn't put up a fight when Mycroft's men had shown up to remove her from the flat—she'd lowered her head and put her hands behind her back and let them lead her away without saying a word.
"No, I don't believe I do." Sherlock stood up, giving the wheeled chair he'd been sitting in a little extra shove with his foot to set it spinning away from the desk.
Mycroft had wanted him to stay inside their flat; they'd compromised with the stairwell, and a promise to keep the lift and doors to the flat and building locked at all times.
"Stone!" Sherlock called again, and glanced around, looking for the least muddy path through the grass. By now Stone was a good 50 metres away from him. He tucked his phone into his pocket and started to pick his way through the mud, periodically dangling the lead in front of himself in the hope that Stone would be lured back by the familiar sound. But no, apparently the dog preferred his freedom.
"Why?"
Sherlock shook his head. "Maybe once I would have said yes, when I was much younger, but I know that there's quite a bit of value to be had in the world outside of my own head. Eurus never learned that. She never learned how to live in a world with other people at all."
"I'm wearing a plug," Sherlock interrupted. "I've been waiting for you all day." He dropped his left hand down to where John couldn't clearly see it, and for a moment John half-expected him to produce an actual anal plug that he had been wearing all day.
"I just spoke with the firefighters. As Anthea predicted, the building has no signs of structural damage, but there is extensive smoke damage in your flat. It will need to be professionally cleaned. If you had listened to me last year when you were renovating, Sherlock, and had a sprinkler system installed, the damage would've been less severe."
Sherlock hesitated, then agreed. "I won't. I just wanted you to be safe."
"Meditation is absolutely not the same as being in your Mind Palace, Sherlock. It's the opposite, really."
"You've been around her constantly. I haven't seen her for a couple of days, so it's easier for me to notice the change in her skin tone."
"Yes. Well, not a fault. A positive fault. Rosie was the catalyst."
John punched him.
"Sherlock!" Rosie shouted. "Come help us!"
"Stop, Sherlock. Stop. You're getting way too far ahead of yourself. I know you say we've been in a relationship for years, but this is also basically our first date. We don't have to do anything more than kiss, if you don't want."
He followed Sherlock back through the crowd until they reached Mrs. Hudson and the others. She gave them each a hug, told them how much she had missed them—she'd gone to visit her sister only two days ago—and then pointed out a cluster of seats available nearby.
"Sorry, what?"
Sherlock sighed and closed his eyes. Mycroft was right; that was why he had texted him. But that didn't mean Sherlock wanted to listen to all the details.
For a few brief, glorious moments, Mycroft was silent, and Sherlock thought he might not try to talk to them at all, but that hope was dashed once they started moving. Mycroft directed his driver to return them to Baker Street, then twisted in his seat to look at them. "I assume from your dour expressions that you were too late to rescue Dr. Plante."
Sherlock bit at his lip before nodding and starting to undress. In the old days, before he'd been hurt, John might have said the same thing, but once they'd started he inevitably would've been aroused enough to change his mind. Now, though, Sherlock knew John probably wouldn't get hard unless one of them was touching him directly. He glanced over at the nightstand that held a variety of toys and a bottle of Viagra, but refrained from suggesting anything. John could be testy when he thought Sherlock was trying to manage his sex life for him.
"Aren't you going to read it?"
"Frozen 2!" Rosie popped off the bed. "You promised!" She put her hands on her hips for a moment, then lifted one arm to wipe her nose along the sleeve of her shirt.
"Okay, yeah. All right. Good." John swallowed and stepped all the way into the flat, closing the door behind him. He shrugged out of his coat and tossed it on the old chair next to the door.
Mycroft didn't say a word for nearly a minute, then ended the call and put his phone back down on the table. He lifted his chin, his normally impassive face softening just a bit. "A woman in the first floor flat of 229 Baker Street reported that she found a stranger's clothes discarded on the floor of her bedroom. Men's size large jogging trousers and a dark blue t-shirt. No other sign of an intruder, but upon investigation, my team discovered that she was, in fact, missing at least three shirts, a skirt and a pair of trousers of her own, as well as underwear, size six trainers and a black drawstring bag."
"What's Mycroft doing here?" John had folded the bed up and was replacing the sofa cushions.
"It's not—"
"I wouldn't do that, anyway."
Sherlock hesitated, though he knew what his answer would be. He'd known when he'd returned Moriarty's text that this would end with just the two of them, face to face. "All right," he said, trying to keep his voice as emotionless as possible. "We can meet. I believe you have my address."
A dead body was a dead body, and he'd only met her twice. He wasn't even sure if he liked her. He strode across the room to the desk and leaned over it, ascertaining that there was nothing on the floor behind it. "Did anyone contact the office staff to ask if she showed up for work today?"
John roared and threw his head forward, not towards Moriarty but towards his own legs. He grabbed the syringe in his mouth and yanked it out, then spat it onto the floor next to the chair.
Sherlock thought he'd done a better job of keeping his opinion on John's current hairstyle hidden, but apparently John was more observant than he'd thought. He made himself smile. "I like your hair no matter what you do with it. I like how all the colours blend."
"Sorry," Sherlock said, making a face as he dropped each one on the ground. "It's just—"
, because I didn't use his suggestion for "Making a List," which was "Types of frogs that can be eaten."
"I mean, he's a good-looking man. Why don't you find him attractive?"
"Take her and claim she's yours."
John couldn't see anything out of the ordinary, but Sherlock said, "She flushed it. There's a bit of white residue on the side there." He reached for a tissue and wiped off the rim of the bowl. For a split second, John was sure he was going to try to snort the powder from the tissue, but instead he dropped it into the toilet and flushed it away.
A full two seconds passed without the door opening, so Sherlock reached out and turned the knob himself, slowly pushing the door open. When he met with resistance, he gave it a shove and was rewarded with a faint, grunting cry. Someone was behind the door. He and John weren't too late.
"Janine." He gave her a tight smile and checked to make sure no one nearby had heard her say his name.
"Most people like to use nicknames for their pets, Mycroft." John leaned to the side so he could grab his wheelchair and flip it upright once more. The t-shirt he wore beneath his open dressing gown pulled tight across his front as he moved, outlining the muscles in his chest as well as the ring that hung from his left nipple. Sherlock dragged his eyes away from the sight to catch Mycroft's reaction, and was not disappointed—his brother's eyes widened for a split second before he looked down at his mug and hastily gulped the remaining tea. John didn't seem to notice how distracting he was as he swung himself into his chair. "Gladstone's a bit of a mouthful. Stone's easier, but animals usually respond better to names that end in an '–ie' sound. So, Stony."
"I don't know."
He planted his feet firmly on the floor and stood, letting the chair roll back to hit the shrouded windows. "Let's go."
"Sherlock...you were. You were an army of one. You didn't have anyone to help or guide your decisions. I don't," the little man hesitated in a futile effort to regain composure. "I believe that, if I were in your shoes...that I would have given up."
If Sherlock hadn't felt so culpable he would have been offended. "I should be here. In case you need mehhh...something."
Reeling in each other's warmth, John whispered sweet nothings and combed strong, sturdy fingers through Sherlock's curls. The doctor's muscles and shoulder joint burned; supporting both their weight took some effort. Nevertheless, John viewed his discomfort immaterial; therefore, not worthy of consideration. His old injury twinged in fretful resentment, in spite of the ex-soldier's dismissal. All sorts of misery were about to be revealed, so why not revisit a bullet to the shoulder? John stiffened, fighting the ache, before advising his old injury to kindly bugger off. The little man's soothing movements continued unabated, for what seemed like a very long time.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Whatever you want, John," the tall man repeated. Desiring to ease the stifling tension between them, Sherlock reached for a little levity. "And for all that is good and holy, please stop apologizing. I believe Mycroft's initial reaction to my scars was far worse than yours."
"I'm going to check up on everyone you work with." He nodded at Sherlock. "Every person either of you has talked to in recent memory. There's a major security issue and the two of you are at the heart of it. Or rather, Sherlock is, and you're the lucky man who gets pulled into all of his troubles." Mycroft didn't even try to make the grin he gave John look remotely real.
Mycroft huffed and picked up his phone again, slotting it neatly away inside his jacket. "Security will remain in place along this street, of course, in case Eurus does attempt to return. I recommend notifying me should you expect any visitors to the flat, particularly those of a shorter persuasion. Under say, five-foot, eight inches tall?" He raised an eyebrow at John.
Sherlock frowned at him, watching as he unclipped Stone's lead and dumped the stack of post on the small table next to his armchair. It didn't really bother him that John would accept such a gift from his nurse, at least not beyond the low-level, nagging fear he always had that, one day, John would come to his senses and realise what he had given up by throwing his lot in with Sherlock. Still, it was reassuring to know Mary hadn't singled out John in her gift-giving. "Fine," he said, thrusting the pot towards John. "Just don't expect me to take care of it for you. I don't even like tomatoes."
"He'd have to eat a whole garden full of them to do any damage."
"Yes. Livvy has a rainbow mask and I want one like that."
He retreated into his Mind Palace again until he heard the lift's motor stop as it reached their flat.
His courage tried to flee as soon as he was back in the flat, but he steeled himself. Danger was what he and John both thrived on, wasn't it? Even now. He slipped the bottle from its protective plastic, letting the bag drift to the floor. John didn't turn around, still absorbed in his tablet.
Sherlock growled softly and she reached down to retrieve her bag again, stuffing the tags into the pocket on the side of it. As she turned to go, she asked, "Wouldn't it be easier if I just paid your regular fee and then you used the money to go buy the gifts yourself?"
This one gets explicit so if you're not into that, you might want to skip it I guess. If you are into it, welcome!
John came closer, squinting to read the handwriting beneath the highlighting. "Mallorca? You think she's away on holiday and wasn't here when Moriarty was here yesterday?"
John narrowed his eyes.
"Wait—what? He did? I thought he just gassed me in the cab."
"Oh, I couldn't do that! It wasn't my place to interfere!"
A snippet of disco music burst through the air, shrill above the sounds of the city below. Moriarty's voice followed a moment later, lilting and playful as it had been on the phone. "Don't stop there—join me, Sherlock! It's a beautiful day. Come on out into the fresh air. Quickly now. Before the rains return."
Sherlock pushed his chair back from the table and stood up, his body protesting at the change in position. "Where were you?" he asked John, who was hanging up his coat and Stone's lead.
John stepped forward. "So we know he's not a criminal, at least.".
Sherlock refused to turn around and try to spot them—he wasn't going to give him the satisfaction. Instead he reached out to touch John's arm again, stopping him, then when John looked up questioningly, he bent over to kiss him.
He sucked in a great gulp of air, his back arching up from the mattress as he came, the underside of the duvet catching his spill. He dropped his head back onto the pillow and waited until he caught his breath, then pulled his hand out from beneath the covers. If he didn't think about it, the wet spot on the duvet wouldn't bother him, and he had no one else who would complain about the state of his bed linens. Now he simply wanted to sleep, mind calmed and body sated. For now.
“Sherlock, you should call him,” Mummy said, ignoring Mrs. Hudson completely.
I managed 2 ficlets today, both longer than ficlet-length! I might actually get this done before Christmas.
As they pulled away from each other, John made a small sound, almost a hum, as if he'd just read something of interest in the morning paper. Sherlock scanned his face quickly, knowing it was a risk to stare but unable to help himself. The sound John had made had been pleased, without a doubt. Yet now his eyes were cast down, not looking at Sherlock, and he turned his body away quickly, bending forward to pull the blanket on Rosie's bed up, encouraging her to lie down. His voice sounded different, too, gruffer than it had been a few moments earlier. What did it all mean? John hadn't objected to the kiss, had moved automatically to offer it, had made a sound of enjoyment, and yet now did not want to acknowledge it.
"No, you idiot." Sherlock stared at him, eyebrows raised as if waiting for him to reach a conclusion.
"Erm, no. Not yet. You don't want to risk any tearing. But when it's time to push, you'll know." At least, that was his understanding, and it seemed to have been true with Mary and the other women he'd helped deliver.
"Sherlock, are you okay?"
"Yes, you have. Come here." John tugged at his arm until Sherlock obliged and rolled towards him. John wrapped his arms around him, as warm and solid as his voice in the dark. "You saved that little girl who was poisoned yesterday."
"A condom?" John's hand moved to his flies. "We don't—"
"You did. You did." Sherlock laughed and let his eyes fall closed for a few seconds.
"Sherlock." John swore under his breath. "You can't just— All right. Fine, I'll do it, if I have to."
"No. No, that is not why she is in prison, Rosie," Dad said. "She's in prison because she's a murderer."
He let her snuggle closer, not minding if she wiped her nose on his scarf this time. He resisted the urge to speed up his pace, letting himself enjoy the experience of holding her as they walked through the rain. Maybe it would change to snow again, and he would see her excitement once more, but if it not, he could wait. They had all winter to spend together, and many more years yet to come.
John grimaced. "If your goal is to avoid a future with dementia, letting yourself be repeatedly hit in the head might not be the best plan."
Sherlock grinned in satisfaction anyway. There was a large wet spot on the bed between their waists, but he ignored it. "Your turn," he growled, before John could decide he didn't need to finish himself. He'd stayed hard beneath Sherlock's hand, even when Sherlock had got too caught up in his own pleasure to do more than just hold his cock, so now Sherlock picked up where he'd left off, stroking him. John couldn't feel it directly, but Sherlock knew from experimentation the exact amount of pressure to make his cock best respond. He squirmed his hips back slightly, so his mouth was lined up lower than it had been.
Sherlock pulled away, just a bit, and turned his head so they were facing each other. For a split-second, as their eyes met, John would've sworn he saw in Sherlock's face the same flicker of longing that he himself felt. But it was just his imagination, of course, projecting his own desires.
"That's right, just fold it in half," Sherlock said. "Now draw a curve here and then down. Good, good. Then you just cut along the line and you'll have a perfect heart." He paused. "Well, a perfect symbol of a heart. Because, as you know, Rosie, real hearts don't look like this."
Sherlock pursed his lips. "Unfortunately, I don't really need the skillset of an army doctor right now."
John flinched as Sherlock entered him, but they'd done this often enough that he knew he didn't need to stop. John relaxed almost immediately, and Sherlock continued to press his way in until his hips met John's arse, then paused, letting his senses take over. All of his thoughts about viruses and illness and social distancing and quarantines and everything that had happened over the last few weeks shrank away as he focused on the sensation of being inside John. Even with the barrier of the condom between them, the feeling was still so intense it was nearly overwhelming.
Mycroft shook his head, then dropped down to sit on the bed next to him. "You are never to tell another living being about the content of that video."
"Oh, shit." John brought his hand up to his mouth. "Mycroft's going to have me killed."
"I'm awake," he said, and turned and went back into his bedroom to get dressed before he had to get her ready for the day.
"That doesn't mean I should have done it. Christ, Sherlock. That was assault. I assaulted you. I should have been arrested, brought up on charges."
He got to his feet and began to run again, heedless of the slick mud, but it was too late. "Stone!" he yelled one last time as the other dogs reached him. Stone didn't flee, but ran to meet them. Sherlock heard one of the dogs give a short, deep bark, and then the three of them began to...
The thought must have shown on his face, because Eurus choked out a painful-sounding laugh. "Go on, Dr. Watson. I can see you're worried about him. Go find him. I'll be fine here on my own."
"Of course I'm right. We need to sneak out of here and be long gone before anyone finds out."
"Good. Good. Then we just may make it out of here."
"Yes, yes. I understand." Sherlock stuck his hands into the pockets of his trousers and sighed. "Teeth brushing is paramount. Then, dinner?"
John gave Mycroft a glare and Sherlock added his own, hoping Mycroft would keep his mouth shut, though he doubtless could read from Sherlock's posture that he vastly preferred the shorter, more natural hairstyle John had always had before. A year ago he would've told John that he didn't like it, but since he'd been injured John had become much more insecure about his appearance, so Sherlock hadn't mentioned it. He'd have to get it cut eventually.
"But you were called in to help them, weren't you? Tell us what you saw in this house today?"
He opened his eyes. "Why?"
"You can. And I'll help you. You don't have to do it alone."
"I'm going to need the table cleared off by dinner time," John said, as he set the bags of groceries that had just been delivered down on the worktop.
"But it raises the risk!"
He rolled his eyes. "Not for me, no. They're for a holiday toy drive for needy children."
"Oh, no," Eurus said. "Not Sherlock."
"If it's only your brother's surveillance, then I guess it's okay. And if there are more cameras than that, ones that you don't know about...well I guess it's too late for me then anyway." She leaned back in the chair and blew out a breath. "I know what Moriarty would do because I've worked for him since 2010."
Bit of last minute travel and almost disastrous cookie-making at my house today means another quick story, and the prompt I skipped over still waiting for attention. Hope you like this one instead!
"I don't think the building's on fire," John said. He rolled himself back a few feet and craned his neck to look up at the building. "Or if it is, it hasn't spread to the front rooms yet. Were they in the living room?"
He thought back. Not any fresh ones, at least. "Take your time. It's hard to work with him sniffing around the whole time."
His own body went limp and light with relief, and an undeniable yet ill-timed thrill of lust at the sight of John with his gun in his hand swept over him. He grinned. "You got him."
Sherlock's lips twisted briefly before he replied. "I think it was more than the normal stress of raising a family that made Mummy ache so. I think it was grief. And the massage was my father's way of trying to comfort her."
"Mycroft?" John asked.
"Oh, you have, have you? Without me?"
"I'll take it." Sherlock snatched the bag away from the boy. John had ordered lunch for him. He didn't know if he was more irritated or grateful, though after he closed the door and peeked into the bag, he settled on irritated. Two large salads, one topped with chicken and one drenched in cheese.
"Daddy! I got you more ice water!" Rosie appeared in the hallway next to Sherlock, a glass of water clenched in both hands, clearly trying to walk slowly and carefully but doing a poor job of it.
"No, I had an orange. You peeled it halfway and left it sitting on the table."
He parked in the car park around the corner from the flat and ran down the street, phone in his hand, dialling Sherlock's number as he ran. No answer. Shit. One of Mycroft's goons was standing at the corner, a few houses down from 221. John gave him a two-fingered salute as he ran past. The man must have recognised him, because he didn't try to stop him when he reached the door and let himself into the building. Mrs. Hudson's door was closed—was she home? Sherlock hadn't gone to her for help, though. He'd called John.
"Sherlock?" John's voice cut into his thinking. "Everything okay up here?" John's hand was on his arm now, and Rosie ran past them to jump onto the small bed in the room full of plants.
John waved a hand vaguely towards the road. "Town's only a couple of miles away."
"John," he said softly.
"Erm, I am pregnant, but that's not why I'm here." Mary inched backwards, away from the two of them.
Rosie looked up from where she sat with Sherlock at the kitchen table. "What are we having?"
It wasn't the first time that Sherlock had silently held and comforted him. Wasn't the second time either. There'd been a small handful of other occasions in the past two years when he'd found himself overwhelmed by grief and the difficulty of raising Rosie on his own, and Sherlock had been there for him each time.
Sherlock scowled and looked over at John again, trying to tell if he'd reached Mycroft yet.
John plunged his tongue back into Sherlock's mouth and Sherlock let him. He was lying in bed naked with Sherlock, kissing him while Sherlock stroked their cocks. "This is amazing," he gasped, pulling away enough to speak. "I never thought—Sherlock. Why did we wait so long to do this?"
Sherlock's eyes widened, and he lunged at Mycroft, tearing the phone out of his hand.
"We'll have to steal a car."
John exhaled through clenched teeth as his right hand slowed and then stilled. "Very good. Shouldn't have doubted you," he whispered. "Quiet as a mouse."
"What? No, Sherlock. It's okay, really. You're doing fine. Eve is thriving. Look at her." The music may have been painful to his ears, but Eve was responding to it, flailing her arms and legs even more enthusiastically than she had before. "She's aware of her surroundings and responding to them already."
"Toast? I think we still have some bread. Or you can pop downstairs to grab something."
"Right." John crossed his arms over his chest. "You only wanted me and Mycroft to die."
"Calm down? John!" He waved the papers in the air, still not letting John take them from him. "This says that the antidepressant I've been taking causes dementia!"
"God, no." He assumed the news of Moriarty's escape would get out soon, but he had no desire to let it be known that the madman was back to playing games with him again. He waved a hand at Donovan and John. "Fine, lead the way. It'd better be a damned good cup of coffee you buy for me, though." He followed them to Donovan's car, taking the time to look up and down the street at the buildings that crowded the popular residential area. Moriarty could be in one of them right now, watching them through half-closed blinds. If he was, then his time as a free man—and the twisted game he was trying to play—would soon be over.
"You're not John," Sherlock said. "I don't want your praise. I wouldn't expect you to understand."
"No, no. She told me while she was alive."
"Not particularly, no." Sherlock's shoulders drooped and he leaned back against the sofa cushion, head touching the wall.
He had no idea what it was time for, other than to get rid of Mycroft. Sherlock grabbed his phone again, stood up and stalked past him into the front living room. Daddy had gone upstairs, but Stone was asleep near the unlit fireplace. He sat down next to him, his back to the wall, and waited, watching the hands on his watch count off the time.
"How sweet," Eurus said. "Stop talking. Sherlock, reach one of those giant hands of yours around and take hold of Doctor Watson's cock now. Please."
Above the words was a photo of a grey-blue sky, scattered through with clouds, taken from the roof of the hospital.
"Haven't got around to it yet. But don't you worry, little Rosie-Rose. I know just what to do." He turned and dashed away, moving much more quickly through the darkened hall than John would have expected.
Just a reminder that this fic is tagged "canon-typical violence." It's not super-graphic or anything, but I know some people might not like it anyway. Sorry, but the story must be told! :)
"I—I don't know." That was too much to think about. John tried to focus on the most urgent matter. A woman in labour, contractions five minutes apart. First time giving birth, so most likely she still had hours to go, but there was no way to be certain. "When did her contractions start?"
"I've brought you some scones. Fresh from Speedy's." She brandished the tray she was holding, showing Sherlock how she'd arranged them on a platter instead of carrying them up in the box they'd presumably come in. "And I'm making a roast for dinner tonight. It's enough to feed all of us, since I know Sherlock's still not back on his feet."
"There are bottles on top of the fridge-freezer, but they'll need to be cleaned." Sherlock turned and left the room; with him gone, John certainly wasn't about to start a conversation with Eurus about whether she planned to breast or bottle-feed the baby.
"Hmph." Sherlock crossed his arms again. "Probably all on women, too."
He leaned against the headboard, shoving his feet back underneath the tangled blankets. "So what are you going to do about it?"
"It's from Mary," John said, redundantly, since Sherlock had a clear view of the screen. "She—" John paused, brow wrinkling. He turned the phone all the way towards Sherlock.
He dropped to his knees behind John, and let his hand drift over the front of his own boxers, two languid strokes through the fabric, before reaching out to push the tail of John's shirt up and out of the way.
"You are such a dickhead." John hit him in the ribs with the back of his hand and Sherlock laughed and rolled away from him. The mattress dipped threateningly as he moved across it.
"It's okay, darling. It's just Sherlock," he said, as an unmistakable outline appeared in the doorway.
He pressed his lips together and looked down at his hands, curled tightly below the keys of his laptop. He didn't remember making them into fists.
Mycroft glanced once at John and sighed, then turned back towards Sherlock. "Be reasonable, for once in your life, will you? You can't keep a child in this flat. Good Lord, Sherlock. John, tell him he can't keep her."
Mycroft stood still for a moment, then rolled his eyes and stepped out of the way.
(As of chapter 12, the ficlet is no longer technically canon-compliant with this story.)
Mary took the hint, rising from her chair. She looped her handbag over her shoulder and then met Sherlock's eyes. "Seriously, have you ever seen the way John looks at you? He would never cheat on you, Sherlock."
"Why?" He looked back to see that John hadn't moved from his position on the floor.
"He could wrestle a shooter to the ground after the two of you have been wounded."
"Why are you hiding out in Greg's flat?" Molly asked.
Sherlock's hands went up reflexively and he stumbled back. His foot hit a dimple in the rooftop and he went down hard, twisting to land on his right knee and hand.
"He phoned you, too?"
John followed him. "That's hardly any higher. All of the windows in this flat are too low." He moved it from the sill to the centre of the kitchen table. "This will work." He pointed to the fluorescent light fixture overhead. "That's practically a grow lamp, and I'll remember to water it if I see it here every day."
"Why did Daddy and Sherlock have to go without me?"
"Really?" John raised his eyebrows at him.
John shrugged and then nodded. "Yeah, well. I told you I was going to kill him."
"Yes." John had meant it as a joke, but Sherlock sounded serious. For a moment, at least. "And I'll text you if I have any real problems, and you can offer me all the fatherly wisdom you've gained over the last two years."
"I'm sorry, but it has sufficient space and the location is easy to monitor."
Sherlock shook his head. "Moriarty, I assume. It sounded like a bomb." But when Moriarty had set off the bomb across the street years ago, the entire building had been destroyed.
Sherlock leaned forward in his chair, catching John's attention once more. "She stopped me from killing myself. When she wanted me to choose one of you to die and I didn't."
"Too busy to stay and see your own mother?"
He woke up to Rosie standing next to the bed, stretching on her tiptoes to shake his arm. The travel cot was no match for a determined toddler; he'd get a rail and let her have the bed to herself starting tonight. They could put a second baby monitor up here, in case she needed him in the night.
The thought washed over him, stronger than any fear he had about what might await him. He recalled how terrified he had been when he had learned that Moriarty had captured John.
John moved minutely beneath his touch—not a flinch but a settling in. To begin, then. He gave an experimental stroke, fingers and thumbs moving towards each other across the ridge of John's shoulders, and now John did flinch, curving his chest forward against the chair. Too hard. Sherlock adjusted accordingly, trying again with less force, gliding his thumbs outward along the thick muscles, feeling how the left side was much tighter than the right. John's shoulders sunk once more, and Sherlock knew he had found the right pressure. He continued, coaxing the thin oil over John's skin, feeling it warm with each stroke of his fingers. "Is this...is this okay?"
Sherlock didn't reply, but glanced at the bedroom window where the drone had come through and wondered if Moriarty was monitoring the flat right now, or if he simply knew John's regular work schedule.
John wrinkled his nose, returning his attention to tightening the bolts on his casters. "The one who called himself a consulting criminal?"
"Yes. Keep going. Like that," John replied, without lifting his head, and Sherlock kept going, unsure if he'd actually be able to loosen the knots he felt, but counting himself lucky that he got to try. He'd remember every moment of this for the rest of his life, even if it was the only time he was ever permitted to touch John's bare skin. And if he did do a good job, not only would John feel better, perhaps he would allow Sherlock to do it again.
"Not a case, no." He opened the notebook to somewhere in the middle, revealing a two-page spread of scrawled, hand-written notes. "I've been tracing Eurus's movements."
Sherlock chuckled into John's hair, which tickled until he brought his hand up to push it away from his nose. "You know, I found a solution to your hair problem."
John was scheduled to work the next morning, so Sherlock started the day by trying to talk him out of it.
John stared at him. "Tell me you didn't grow up playing tennis."
"Yes." Sherlock took a deep breath, then walked over to sit on the sofa, tucking his dressing gown neatly around himself. There was a baby monitor with a small video screen sitting on the table next to him. "It's been...difficult. Resisting. Thank you for coming."
Sherlock turned away from watching Eve sleep and crossed to the open front window. "Are you alone?" he shouted out through the screen.
Sherlock sighed and hopped off the desk. His trousers slid lower as he moved and he bent to pull them up before turning to face Lestrade and Donovan. Neither of them had backed away or turned around; he was quite certain Donovan had been eyeing him up. He met her gaze. "Like what you saw?"
“Me?” John said. He turned his whole body toward Sherlock. “I’m not the overprotective one.”
Sherlock shook his head, not moving from where he stood.
"Er, yeah." He frowned, not positive that they were talking about the same thing. "We're together. Now."
Another quick little 221B, thanks to my two very talkative children who left me little time to write today.
John shut his laptop and let himself be pulled sideways into an embrace. He turned his head to rest against Sherlock's shoulder and exhaled, knowing that even if he did make some mistakes in parenting Rosie, at least he would always have Sherlock to help him out along the way.
"Go get your gun, John," Sherlock said.
There was a decent stash of medical supplies at Baker Street already, he knew, but now he dug out his full medical kit. He'd need at least the stethoscope and blood pressure cuff: if Eurus's blood pressure got out of hand, or the baby's heartbeat wasn't strong, Sherlock wouldn't be able to argue about whether she needed to be in hospital. There was only so much they could do for her at home, regardless of how many births John had been present for in the past. He hoped it didn't come to that, though, because he knew trying to get Eurus to cooperate enough to go to hospital would be close to impossible.
Mrs. Hudson tutted some more before John came back into the kitchen, wheeling himself with one hand, a half-dozen sheets of paper clutched in the other. Without lifting his head from his laptop, Sherlock watched him pass through the kitchen on his way to the bedroom. What papers were so important that he didn't trust Mrs. Hudson to touch them? And then felt the need to hide them away in the bedroom—
"As long as it takes." Sherlock shrugged and looked at Lestrade.
"I don't like the gloves."
"I wasn't—why not? We've already—"
Sherlock looked up from John's feet and met his eyes. "Yes. Absorbent training papers, so he can relieve himself indoors."
"And look how that turned out." John tipped his head and gave him a flat smile.
John had entertained several possibilities when he saw Sherlock's name pop up on his phone screen, but that question was not one he had anticipated. He'd been expecting either something about a case or an invitation to bring Rosie over for dinner tonight, along with a request that he pick up the food on his way. That was what most Saturdays had looked like for the past year or so, after all. He blinked a few times before he realised that Sherlock was still talking, not quite at deduction-speed but still faster and with more agitation than normal.
"I don't actually care if they know anything about my personal life at all, but I'm planning to sleep in the same bed with you again tonight, so it would be easiest if we told them first."
"Oh, come on, Sherlock," Donovan protested. "I'm not Anderson."
"Come here, my little Rose." Sherlock pulled her fully into his arms and stood up, settling her on his hip, his right arm holding all her weight. He walked around the end of the coffee table to stand next to John. "You can explain it to her better when she's older, but it won't hurt anything for now. They'll certainly see each other frequently, if Eve is living here with me. And she already calls Molly her aunt and Mrs. Hudson 'Granny.' Her family doesn't need to be determined by genetics."
"John, we're in my parents' house!"
"You—Sherlock." He lowered the phone from his ear and closed his eyes for a moment, waiting to see which part of his brain was going to seize control: calm, professional doctor or terrified, panicking father. "Christ. All right. I'll be there. Give me...forty-five minutes. But if her contractions get too close, or anything else seems to be going wrong, you need to call an ambulance, okay?"
"With cheese on them?"
"Oh, God, yes." John closed his eyes for a moment, then opened them and turned his head to gaze at Sherlock. He was a stubbly, greasy mess and had never looked so beautiful. John stretched to kiss him, letting go of himself momentarily as he moved. Sherlock opened his mouth, deepening the kiss, and a moment later John felt his fingers tentatively move across his cock.
John could see the colour drain from Mrs. Holmes's face beneath her makeup and he quickly intervened. "She slipped out of the flat a couple of hours ago while we thought she was having a shower."
Sherlock smiled back, though John could see the years of sadness behind it. "Having a mind palace hasn't been much of a help in this particular matter, I'm afraid. Every time I've considered attempting to initiate a more intimate relationship with you, I've managed to think my way out of believing you would be interested. A miscalculation, I see. One that I've made repeatedly."
“I didn’t ‘let’ him!” Sherlock shouted, and rounded on Mycroft abruptly enough that Leon tensed and took a step towards them both. “I just—I couldn’t stop him.” He glared at Leon and then crossed the room to sprawl on the sofa, trying to convince himself that Mycroft was wrong, and John was just keeping out of sight because he didn’t want to be found yet.
"You're fine. A little lower than yesterday, right in the middle of average."
"I'm not going to judge him solely on looks. I want to check what he's posted on social media, to see if he deserves a date with you."
"Look at me, Rosie. Don't I remind you of anyone?" The woman threw her shoulders back and tipped her chin a little bit and somehow her whole face seemed to change and Rosie saw all at once who she was—a little of Gram, a little of Grandad, a lot of Sherlock.
"You're a complete and utter bastard," John said, but Sherlock could hear his smile. "I'll take care of myself. Just fuck me already."
Mary shrugged. "It was an easy job. I think Moriarty may have had a plan for me to, er, do some other work for him, later, based on my previous work experience, but he went to prison a few months after I started working for him."
"If we could get down to business, please?" Mycroft interrupted. "Have either of you received any messages from Moriarty claiming responsibility yet?"
"Yes. Well. I was upstairs this time. Slept very well, as a matter of fact." He smiled at Mrs. Hudson and then at John, and tromped down the remaining three stairs to join them on the landing.
Sherlock stepped around the back of his chair and settled his hands on John's shoulders. John twisted his neck to look up at him. "What, are you going to give me a massage?"
Thank you as always to
"You remembered about the sofa bed, right? You're not forgetting things." John flicked him in the arm.
"Christmas? What does that have to do with it? Why do you care about Christmas?"
Rosie found her bear and Sherlock scooped both her and the stuffed animal up into his arms and they headed upstairs. John set to work picking up all the baby toys Rosie had scattered about, and moving the boxes of toys and other gear into approximately the right locations in the flat. They still didn't have a place to store Eve's clothes, but Sherlock's bedroom was large enough that they should have no problem fitting a child-sized chest of drawers into it.
"Not true. That is not true. You know they've been helping."
"You can have one of the balloons if you show me how quiet you can be, all right?" Sherlock carried her through the kitchen and John followed, with Molly, Mrs. Hudson and Mrs. Holmes all trailing behind them. John bit back his instinct to forbid them all from going into the bedroom at once. He understood the urge to look at babies, and Rosie's reaction was sure to increase the level of cuteness exponentially. Besides, Sherlock was the one who was in charge when it came to Eve, and he didn't try to stop his mother or Mrs. Hudson from joining them, even though they'd seen her already.
Sherlock snorted and stood up to leave the room. He'd had enough of Mycroft yesterday. Unless he was here with news that Moriarty had been captured and that he and John could return home, he wasn't interested in talking to him now. He left the kitchen through the door to the rear living room just as Mycroft came in through the other door.
"No." Sherlock snaked his whole body closer to John's, pressing against him from toes to shoulder. "Mycroft, and the rest of my family, and Mrs. Hudson—
"John." Sherlock buried his face against the collar of his coat. "I don't really care if everyone else gets crushed as long as you survive." He nuzzled John's neck with his nose, then straightened up in alarm. "Oh! Mycroft!"
Sherlock settled his left hand over John's right. "You've kept your promise—she's never had to want for anything."
"Sherlock, thank you," John said. "It does feel a lot better than it did, and I know your hands must be sore. But—"
"Excellent, we can easily track your phone," Mycroft said.
Sherlock took her back from John, and they moved into the living room so Sherlock could sit in his chair while he fed her the bottle. When she'd finished drinking and emitted a tiny, satisfied burp, he put her into the baby swing that had been set up near the window. She was dwarfed by the size of it, but Sherlock reclined it nearly flat, tightened the belts and buckles so she was secure and set it to the lowest speed.
"I—I wouldn't." Rosie swallowed. She knew she shouldn't say she was home alone. "What do you want?"
"Secretary? You don't have a secretary! You're just some two-bit detective working out of his flat with a washed-up old Army veteran supporting your made-up career."
The string of fairy lights that was supposed to be on the tree had twinkled for approximately thirty seconds and then gone out completely. Grumbling, Sherlock looped the long cord around his arm and carried them over to the sofa. "One of the bulbs must be loose." He started to wiggle each tiny bulb in its socket, making sure they were seated firmly.
"We knew you'd be happy with whatever we decided. And anyway—" He was interrupted by buzzing sounds from both sides of the bed: their phones, each receiving a message.
"Hm." John kissed him again. "What exactly do you think we'd have to do before he was disgusted enough to disconnect it?"
"Yeah, me neither. That's the problem. We can't let her go, Sherlock. We need to call Mycroft."
"How do you pretend that it doesn't bother you that they walked in on us? I've seen you be self-conscious about sex stuff before, but just now you turned it into a joke and weren't embarrassed at all. How?"
"God, yes."
"I should've thought of it."
Sherlock shivered, then regained his composure. "Of course I am." He paused with one hand on his own flies. "You sure about this?"
He stopped at a vending machine at the end of the hall. He could hear John's voice admonishing him for not having eaten breakfast, but his stomach turned at the mere thought of food. It didn't matter; the crisps he bought from the machine weren't for him.
Sherlock scoffed. "Continue? You haven't managed to track him even a little bit."
"What? No. Why? She can wait."
"Yeah, me, too. But so far everything has been okay." He shifted the phone against his cheek and turned to look down the hall towards the bedroom. "I should go, though, so I can check on her and make sure."
"It'll be okay," John said, to reassure them both, and climbed into the bed next to him. "She's only two weeks early. That's considered full-term."
"Like Moriarty," she said. Sherlock and Dad had never talked to her about Aunt Eurus, but she knew a lot about Moriarty and the things he'd done. "Did Moriarty escape from prison, too? And then Sherlock caught him on the roof of the hospital and he killed himself instead of going back?"
"Moriarty sent them to me, so they're mine. Not yours."
"We have to assume he knows you are all here now," Mycroft said. "So we'll focus on keeping this house as secure as possible while my people continue to track him down."
"Yeah. Yeah. I know. That was kind of my job, John. I'm sorry." She swallowed, then gave them another small smile that looked real. "Thank you, both. I know I haven't done anything to earn your help, but I really do appreciate it."
"I'm going to pretend you're talking about yoga."
"Yes, I can, Sherlock." John slammed the gate open hard enough to send a small shower of metal flakes cascading to the ground.
"I never—hmmph." He rolled off the bed. Much as he didn't want John to be checking his work texts at a time like this, he knew he couldn't refuse in good conscience, not when it was so much easier for him to get up and retrieve the phone. He grabbed his dressing gown and tossed it up over the tiny camera set atop the bedroom's doorframe as he left the room. "Sorry Mycroft, no free show this time," he said, although he knew the cameras had no audio feed. He jogged down the hall and through the kitchen to get John's phone, slipping it into the pocket of his trousers before grabbing the wheelchair. As he rolled it back down the hall and into the bedroom, the phone buzzed with another text. He wrinkled his nose and tossed it at John, who caught it just before it hit his chest.
"But then why would she leave without the child?"
"I wanted to see you." Her voice was soft but Rosie didn't trust her, because that wasn't an answer to the questions she'd just asked.
John nearly laughed—Sherlock was clearly learning what he liked just as quickly as he learned anything else. John threaded his hand through his curls again and tugged and was rewarded with another gasp, although this time he could clearly hear that it was one of pleasure.
"Oh, no! He's not up there. He was in Speedy's with us!" She turned, wobbling on her heels, and pointed at the café behind her. Her bodyguard steadied her with a hand on her back.
"Sherlock." John shook his head.
Sherlock frowned at her. Her suggestion was perfect, of course, but he didn't understand why she was making it, or why his parents had rearranged half of the rooms in the house. They knew they would be having guests for Christmas, and the previous arrangement of beds had been ideal. Last year, he'd slept in his old bedroom while John and Rosie shared the guest room.
John stepped back away from the cot, wondering again if he should leave them alone. Just as he was about to try to slip out of the room, Mrs. Holmes looked up from the cot, frowning at the curtained windows. "You don't get very much light in here, do you, Sherlock? Not ideal for a growing child. And it could use a bit of redecorating. These dark colours are too heavy for a little girl to grow up with."
"Now you, Daddy!" Rosie stretched her arms towards John, who obliged with a series of three kisses.
Once she was out of his arms, John rolled his shoulders and stretched his arms, then leaned over to look at the photograph. He didn't say anything, but Sherlock saw his sleepy morning look clear up into a genuine smile.
Moriarty giggled. “Can’t catch me! You should know by now. Gotta go. I need to get where we’re going before Johnny starts to wake up. Don’t worry—I’ll keep in touch!”
"No. The guard outside will try to stop me. I'll tell him I'm just going down to the café. He'll let me go, because he was ordered to watch this room, not me. Then I'll call the guard and tell him I think I've spotted Moriarty lurking around downstairs and he'll come running to help me. Mycroft has three more guards by the entrances to the building. Most likely they'll be dispatched to assist, but it won't matter, because we aren't leaving through the main entrances."
"You look fine, love." John was at the table, apparently enjoying the bounty of the breakfast-cooking rivalry between Mummy and Mrs. Hudson. He grinned through a mouthful of egg and Sherlock bent over to give him a peck on the cheek.
"But not a final goodbye," Mrs. Holmes added. "Au revoir—it implies we'll see each other again."
"Probably," John agreed, and turned again to look Sherlock. His husband. "Do you think maybe before Saturday we should try to leave the hotel, just so we'll have at least one thing to say when people ask us what we did while we were here?"
"Oh, that's a lovely little holiday cheer, isn't it, John?" Mrs. Hudson said as John followed her into the house, carrying the results of her afternoon of Christmas shopping.
"Dad...."
He glanced at his watch. "You went out hours ago. It's nearly dinner time."
This one's a 221B. :)
"It was a smoke bomb, your house is easy to break into, and my therapist wasn't even in the same country as Moriarty." Sherlock ticked off his rebuttal points on his fingers. "He has killed five people, but only because he was targeting his former employees."
"Of course," Sherlock said. "I'm not—" Before he could finish, he was interrupted by his phone once again, the sound doubled this time, as Mycroft's phone went off at the same time.
"Mary?" He wrinkled his nose and watched John pick up the stack of post that Mrs. Hudson had sorted for them and left on the table in the hall. "Why?"
John caught it in one hand and slipped it into the back pocket of his trousers, then crossed his arms over his chest, keeping his back to the cot. This was somehow exactly what he'd envisioned when he'd promised Sherlock he'd help him keep Mycroft from trying to take Eve.
"No. No. Stop right there. There is nothing about early-onset anything in that paper. I know there isn't. It was a study of senior citizens over age 65. Not a word about 40-year-olds. Bodies process medication differently at different ages."
"Excellent," Sherlock replied, and moved his hips in a small circle. His face. Oh God, his face when he was in the midst of pleasure. If all John could ever do was stare at Sherlock's face as he got himself off, he could be content.
Molly found Rosie sitting alone at the kitchen table, head buried in her arms, quietly sobbing.
"Chocolates."
"You two have been busy, haven't you? Do you want a cuppa? Mrs. Hudson wore me out, and I need to sit and relax for a while."
. He'd printed out his application but hadn't mailed it yet. Sherlock wasn't too surprised that John didn't want her to see that, although if things worked out then she would of course know about it eventually.
"Shut up, Mycroft. I was only texting with her." He never should have told Mycroft about her posing as the woman on the bus, but when he had first learned of Eurus's existence it had seemed best to tell him everything.
"You won't be staying in any of the safe houses I have in the city."
"In elderly patients who took high dosages over many years."
They stayed outside for a long time, laughing and slipping on the icy paths and joining in the impromptu snowball fights that were popping up all over the park. Dad and Sherlock were probably some of the oldest people participating, but Dad had a deadly aim and Sherlock was so sneaky he could catch just about anyone and whack them with a snowball before they even knew he was there.
"Fine." Sherlock turned back onto his stomach, burying his face in his pillow.
John hung up his coat and Stone's lead and then went into the kitchen. "Another bad sleeping night?" he asked, when he came back with one of the cold packs they kept in the freezer.
John swallowed the last bite of his noodles. "No, when I called Molly, I told her I would pick Rosie up from her place."
Sherlock let go of John's hand and put his feet down on the ground. "You're not responsible for us at all."
"Sherlock, I'm sorry about that."
John nodded, not at Eurus's command but at Sherlock, before he removed his trousers and pants, then got down on his hands and knees. At least Eurus had chosen a cell with rubber flooring and not cement.
Sherlock led them over to an empty row of seats, then ushered Mrs. Hudson, Greg and Molly into it first. A moment later and Mycroft and Anthea appeared, taking their seats, as well. Anthea barely acknowledged any of them—John wondered why she had bothered to come at all.
"The one and only."
"Yes? What?" John raised his eyebrows, managing a look of innocence.
Daddy paused in the doorway on his way out of the kitchen. "She clips all the articles that mention you and keeps them."
Sherlock snorted and Mycroft's eyes narrowed. "Very funny. Unfortunately, he did meet someone. A staff member who was charmed enough by his demeanour that she allowed him access to the internet."
“No, you’re not,” Mycroft said. “You don’t know what direction Moriarty turned after tossing the phone. You don’t even know where to start looking.”
The speaker crackled as Eurus began to speak once more. "Oh, Doctor Watson. And Sherlock, my dear brother. I've already let Mycroft go home. The two of you are free to go, too. Anytime you want. Just turn around and open the door. It's unlocked, you see. It always has been. The two of you just never tried to leave."
"Untrue." Mycroft raised an eyebrow and reached for a handful of jelly babies. "I no longer have to worry about everything I build being knocked down by my little brother."
"Of course she's perfect," Eurus panted, collapsing backwards out of the squatting position she'd been in. "And of course she's a girl. I told you that was what I wanted."
"Just because she's been on the run for ten months without killing anyone doesn't mean she's redeemed herself, Sherlock. She's a sociopath."
“We’re trying,” Mycroft said, opening his laptop without taking his phone away from his ear.
"Fine. Give Mrs. Hudson a bodyguard." John resumed his caressing of the back of Sherlock's neck. "Make sure it's someone who doesn't mind putting on a few pounds, because she's going to try to feed them up."
I was trying to avoid setting any ficlets during this year, but here we are.
"She did phone us," Mrs. Holmes said. "But I already knew it was going to happen soon. It was just a matter of when."
"Sherlock!" John drew his hands in even closer to himself, edging away from him on the sofa. "I wouldn't—I promised myself and I've really been working on...." He stopped and started again, voice lower. "Do you have any idea how many hours I've spent in therapy dealing with the fact that I hit you when you couldn't fight back?"
watching, but I was here. I haven't left this room since you got here. Almost three hours now."
"Yes, that would be good. And I'll be okay, I promise. I'll call you if I have any more...urges."
"That's different. These are my parents."
Sherlock dropped the sheets and pillows onto an armchair and then sat on the sofa, bouncing to test the springs. "This mattress is probably terrible. I'm sorry about that, but I just couldn't—"
But if he told John that he wasn't taking it, then he wouldn't be breaking his promise not to quit without telling him. Would it make a difference? Would he have solved this whole case already if he hadn't ever started taking the antidepressants?
"Eve will be up at least twice anyway, and I slept longer than I expected to this afternoon. I might eventually get tired, but you have work tomorrow, so you should definitely get some rest."
“Yes, probably, but I also think she genuinely wanted to meet Rosie, and to be part of the family.”
"Sorry, what? Eurus?" John had intended to put the kettle on for tea, but instead he pulled out the chair opposite Sherlock and sat down. "You think you can find her now?"
"My fires are almost always controlled immediately," Sherlock objected. "But even if we had put in sprinklers, we'd just be dealing with water damage now, instead."
"Very good," said Sherlock. "Now your pants, then your socks. I'm not fucking you while you're wearing socks."
Sherlock leaned over to press a light kiss against John's temple. He only had to bend a few inches, which was absolutely worth ignoring John's grumbles about the braces. He straightened up at the sound of a door opening, and Lestrade's voice calling out into the hallway.
"He likes women."
He lingered until the water grew cold, but was unable to summon any brilliant ideas in regard to the case, which shouldn't have been too surprising. These days it always took a while for him to shake off the fogginess of the antidepressants and wake up fully. He couldn't deny that the meds helped, though, even now that they were past the struggles of John's recovery and first months back home. There was a reason he'd had the prescription long before John had been hurt, although he'd never wanted to admit it.
"Excuse me," Sherlock said. "This is our bedroom."
"Me, too. Now might not be the perfect time, but there's never going to be a perfect time. There will always be a crisis of some sort, and I don't care, I just want this. Now."
“What?”
"Shut up. I do not have crushes."
"But you didn't get high. You recognised the problem and called for help."
"Oh, I don't know." Sherlock kept his voice light. "I guess at some point I'll need to talk to Mycroft about getting new documents for Mary's paramour."
“Well, what else am I supposed to do?” he shouted.
"There are a dozen people with their phones out. You know one of them will film us."
Sherlock opened the door to the building and held it so John and Stone could enter. "But where did it come from?"
"I had three cups this morning. Did you just notice?" He ran his tongue around the inside of his own mouth. "Would've brushed my teeth if I'd known this was going to happen."
"You're do realise you're on camera."
Mycroft stared long enough that John would have worried if he hadn't seen Sherlock do the same thing on more than one occasion. "Eve," he said. "She's...."
"Neither did I, to be honest," John said.
"Oh no, she is definitely not mine," John said, not rising to Mycroft's bait. "Sherlock, care to explain the situation? It is your family, after all."
Sherlock met his eyes for a long moment, then shook his head. "No. I won't let him take her."
Mary's smile slipped. "You do?"
He closed the door again and walked back into the living room. "Well. He's not here. We should make ourselves at home." He took off his coat and placed it carefully on the coat rack by the door, then dropped down to sprawl on the sofa.
, then I should also mention that Sherlock reluctantly goes on antidepressants in that fic, after Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade convince him that he can't really help John recover if he himself is unable to function.
"You're going to walk around the flat all day wearing gloves and a mask?"
"Yes, yes. John, yes, I feel it. Are you—are you touching yourself, too?"
"What happened?" John prodded, when he didn't continue.
"Yes, of course." Sherlock could feel laughter bubbling in his own chest. He looked at Moriarty's corpse one more time.
He picked up his phone and scrolled to the correct number. The Woman would know what to do. Having to go to her for help was mortifying, of course, but knowing he would probably never again see her face-to-face made it easier. He scowled at his phone, but made himself type out a series of messages, pausing after each as he debated how much he wanted to reveal.
"Family issues," Dad repeated, and shook his head. "No, Sherlock is right, though. It would take a lot more than one criminally insane sibling to tear us apart." He sighed and leaned over to kiss the top of her head. "Go on up to bed, though. It's close to midnight."
"John." Sherlock turned back towards the kitchen. "He's made another delivery."
He still remembered how hesitant John had been at first to let himself be seen in public in the chair, and knew that the braces presented a similar challenge. John did not want to be stared at, especially by people he knew.
Sherlock shook his head. "You have?"
"Should have done that in the renovations last year," Sherlock grumbled.
"You were willing to postpone having sex with me to invite her into our flat."
"Stop," John said. "Right now." He stared at Sherlock, daring him to continue. He'd already had to endure his co-workers' concern this afternoon—people who should know better, yet who still thought that he was somehow more prone to complications than they were, simply because of his injury. He'd ended up coughing on purpose—into his elbow, of course—just to demonstrate that he was able to clear his lungs effectively and wasn't any more likely to develop pneumonia than any other 48-year-old.
"Well, it makes you look like a homeless tramp, yeah. But I wouldn't mind it if you wanted to drag it across my chest a few times." He scraped his own chin against Sherlock's face again.
"Sorry, sorry," Sherlock said, and stepped out of the way, calling Stone to his side.
She was quiet on the drive home, which only took a few minutes, but when they got to their house, she braced her feet against the back of the seat in front of her and tried to prevent John from unbuckling her from the car seat. "I wanna go see Sh'wock and the baby, Daddy!"
"I don't know."
"I know."
Sherlock watched him make a few more passes, his arms steadier than they had been yesterday, even though they were supporting his weight each time he swung his legs forward in a semblance of a step. "Shoulders feeling better today?"
"In here!" The shout came from the direction of the bedroom. Sherlock sounded more rattled than he had on the phone, and John was once more seized by doubt. For the first time, he regretted getting rid of his and Mary's guns last year, when Rosie had started walking and getting into everything in sight. He'd thought his days of having to shoot people—or defend himself—were finally over.
"Yes." Sherlock dropped his phone onto the table next to his chair and stood up. "I'm going to bed."
Sherlock's touch didn't stop the panic, but it did let John know that he wasn't being judged. He allowed Sherlock to wrap his arms around him, shifting until he could rest his head against Sherlock's shoulder as Sherlock gently stroked his back. He didn't try to explain what he felt, how he'd been able to hold back his memories of Sherrinford and his fear of Eurus while he'd delivered the baby but could no longer keep those things at bay. He didn't try to explain, but he was sure that Sherlock understood.
Sherlock stepped into the room, running a hand through his hair without improving it at all. "Sorry, Rosie. Gram and Grandad do tend to lose power frequently out here in the country, especially when it's this windy outside."
"Daddy!" Sherlock yelled up the stairs, but received no answer. He probably wasn't wearing his hearing aids. Sherlock scowled—he wanted everyone in one place so he could tell them about him and John. "I'll go find him," he said, and picked up both of the suitcases they had packed and carried them up the stairs, towards the bedrooms.
"Do you absolutely have to go in today?" He rolled onto his side—
"He won't—you're not—" John pursed his lips. Considering that he'd been having very similar thoughts about Mrs. Hudson a few minutes ago, he wasn't sure what to say to ease Sherlock's mind.
"Of course we are." Sherlock looked at him. "Why wouldn't we? Do you not want them to know?"
The coldness that filled him was slowly being replaced with rage, but he tamped it down lest John use that as evidence against him. "Overreact?"
Sherlock felt his chest expand at the sound of John's voice saying his name. He grinned as he waited for John to start moving, then followed him down the stairs.
"Thank you."
"No." Sherlock began to pace again. "That's never been anything she's had an interest in. Mycroft would have told me."
"Eurus?"  he said again, but softly this time, because he could see that there was no one standing in the tub behind the white curtain that was drawn shut around it. He took two steps across the room and pulled the curtain back anyway, then leaned in to shut off the water pouring into the empty tub. "Sherlock!" he shouted. "She's gone!"
Sherlock flipped his pillow across the bed, whacking John in the face, then reached for his phone to check his messages. Nothing new from Mycroft, so yes, maybe he would have to spend the day playing with Moriarty's rings again. The thought held little appeal. Maybe he'd have a breakthrough in the bath.
John set Rosie down so he could gather up their belongings, and a few minutes later they left the flat together, leaving Sherlock and Eve alone for the first time.
"They can't keep us inside against our will." Sherlock shook his head. "And I don't know what Mycroft is thinking. He should know I can't catch Moriarty if I'm locked up in a house with Mummy and Daddy. Too much idiocy to overcome."
"But you know Gemma."
"No! Cold hands!" she repeated.
"Would you like something to drink?" John wheeled himself backwards, giving Mary more room to enter the flat, the smile he was giving her telling Sherlock that he was genuinely happy to have her here.
"Oh, God." John released his hand and fell forward onto his elbows, dislodging Sherlock from inside him. He rolled to one side so he lay on his back, laughing. "That was—wow. I think my knees have rug-burn. Are your fingers okay?"
He closed the message app and ran his finger over the screen of his phone. There was no point in letting Mycroft know, and while he was tempted to call Sherlock, he didn't want him to think he was checking up on him. And he certainly couldn't tell him what Eurus had said, or let him know that she didn't have full confidence in his ability to care for Eve. Though it would be nice to hear his voice. John closed his eyes for a moment. No. They'd gone more than a day without speaking to each other before—they'd gone two years. John would give him a call tomorrow afternoon; maybe he could bring dinner to Baker Street if he got out of work at a reasonable time.
He glanced quickly at the door to their flat, then stepped past Mrs. Hudson towards Speedy's again. Mycroft should be able to get himself out, and even if for some reason he couldn't, Sherlock needed to make sure John was all right first.
"Why not?"
“Well, try more quickly,” Mummy said. “He can’t be comfortable with his arms stretched behind his back like that.” She patted Sherlock’s knee; he blinked once and then decided to ignore her.
"No, yeah. That's—" Dad frowned down at the drawing, then turned to look at Rosie. He frowned even more. Rosie was worried for a moment, until he said, "I knew you looked like her, but I never realized just how much. Your eyes and nose and even your ears are like hers." He reached out and tucked her hair behind her right ear.
John inhaled sharply. Sherlock was naked beneath the gown—that in itself was not unusual, especially when Rosie wasn't home, but he didn't normally walk around wearing nipple clamps beneath his clothes. The sight of the rubber-coated metal clips pinching his nipples into small, hard peaks was enough to make John not even mind the fact that the clamps were joined by a chain from which hung a pair of small, bright red bells, virtually identical to the ones Rosie had on the headband that had been driving him barmy all morning.
“You certainly seemed to be getting along fine with each other last night,” Mrs. Hudson said.
He opened his eyes to gauge their comparative heights as they were and John lifted his head once again.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock had been asleep, as well, John knew, though he opened his eyes when John closed the door. "Hello, John," he said, his voice soft and thick with sleep. He smoothed Rosie's hair away from his face and smiled. "Welcome home."
"I'm willing." Sherlock ran his fingers awkwardly along John's ribs, then rolled back onto his left side and scooted closer. "Is this okay?" he asked, as he brought his right hand down and took hold of himself again. With each stroke he gave himself, the tip of his cock hit John's thigh.
"I was going to say...." John stopped again, and took a deep breath. "I was going to say that I enjoyed it, and, if you were willing, if you wanted to, we could...continue. To touch each other. As much or as little as you'd like."
Sherlock pursed his lips. Everything John had said could be true, but there was one more detail, more damning than the rest. "Your Viagra. I picked up the bottle when I was packing to go to my parents' house. There were fewer pills in it than the last time you used it with me."
Mycroft took a small bite of his scone, and chewed it slowly, then rolled his eyes when everyone continued to stare at him. "Oh, for God's sake, just open it. Yes, it's from me. It wasn't supposed to be delivered until this afternoon."
As John reached the landing outside Sherlock's flat, Mrs. Hudson was coming up the stairs towards him. "Oh, John, there you are. I was just coming up to see.... Did you and Sherlock have your little talk yet?"
John shrugged. "All right. We don't have to do anything tonight." He gave the ring another small tug, his mouth falling slightly open.
John stepped out of the bathroom wearing one of the hotel's plush dressing gowns to discover Sherlock standing in the bedroom, naked and grinning.
"A foot bath?" Sherlock scowled.
"Hmm. Well, I assure you that this is real." Sherlock turned sideways and motioned to the bed. "After you?"
"I can make you do anything I want to, Doctor Watson."
"I wouldn't bring charges against you."
"All right." Leo was on the slow side—she was right about that. "Are either of the others someone that you might want to have a longer relationship with?"
"That's good. And you?"
Rosie flopped around inside the box for a moment before coming out on her hands and knees. "No, a race car, Daddy! Make a race car!"
John's hand paused in Sherlock's hair again, and Sherlock felt his shoulders tense, then sag. "Yeah, okay. You're right. Put a guard at my work. I'm not on the schedule tomorrow but I can go in and explain the situation."
"I'm sorry." John turned, sharply enough that his wheel dug into the gravel and Sherlock thought he was about to get stuck, but he freed himself with one firm push.
"Exactly that." Mycroft returned both his hands to his mug of tea, still not drinking it.
"So he wasn't trying to blow up our flat, just fill it with smoke." John wrinkled his nose.
"Oh, ha, yeah, that." John stepped past her and rubbed at his chin, looking around for Rosie. "Not really. I mean, I don't have a new baby. It's a—friend of the family. A close friend. So, the baby's like a sister. Rosie, uh, is just calling her that because she doesn't really understand."
"Doesn't mean it's not good advice. It won't replace meds if you really need them, but it might help keep you stable now that you're doing well."
"Sorry about what?"
"Oh, my goodness!" Mrs. Holmes said. "She sounds just like you did at that age, Sherlock!"
For a second John stayed in that position, folded forward across his own lap, before he heaved himself upright again—Sherlock knew it wasn’t easy for him to sit up without being able to use his hands. After another moment he started to twist his shoulders again, once more trying to work his hands towards one of the wheel locks of his chair, but he didn’t make it very far before letting his arms slide back behind himself again, shoulders sagging. Whatever Moriarty had injected him with was working already. Within a few seconds, his eyes closed and his head drooped to the side.
"You...love me. And now you want to...." John's mind replayed every time they'd ever touched each other, every glimpse he'd ever gotten of Sherlock's body, and every fantasy he'd ever tried to drive out of his own head. He dropped his hands to his belt and began to unfasten it as he made a decision. "You penetrate me." He swallowed; he hadn't meant to sound quite so eager. "If you're willing, of course," he added, and tipped his head up to see every bit of Sherlock's reaction.
I'm rearranging the order of a few of the prompts to better suit my purposes and taking a slight pause in the friend to lovers storyline to jump ahead to the following year for this one.
Sherlock pulled his legs up onto the sofa cushion and laid his head on John's shoulder. "I thought you'd be angry."
Sherlock waved his hand. Not only did he now feel better about John leaving, but he was also relieved that the Crawfords weren't random victims who had died only because Moriarty wanted to send him a pair of wedding rings.
"Sure." Sherlock sat up straighter on the sofa, and Rosie reluctantly moved to sit next to him.
Rosie loved being home alone. It didn't happen very often, but today Dad had his monthly Saturday shift at the surgery, and Mrs. Hudson was away for an early Christmas celebration with her nephew, and Sherlock had left a few minutes ago, running down the stairs with his violin case in his hand, telling her not to go out anywhere alone while they were gone. He got into Uncle Mycroft's car out in front of the flat—she could hear them yelling at each other before the car door closed.
Sherlock was still on the sofa, though not just as John had left him a minute or two ago. No. He was stretched out on his back, dressing gown untied and billowing open around him. He had his t-shirt rucked up and his trousers pushed down and was holding his fully erect cock in his right hand. "John!"
Mummy sniffed, as if she wasn't sure what to do with the fact that she and Mrs. Hudson were agreeing on something. "At least drink some juice."
Mrs. Hudson lifted one of the boxes and shook it. "I think they just wrapped up empty boxes."
"Eve has a different mummy and daddy than you do," Sherlock told her, "but you can still be sisters if you want to. How does that sound? If it's okay with Daddy, I mean." He glanced up briefly, giving John a look he couldn't interpret.
Both, Sherlock thought, though he knew better than to say that aloud.
"I didn't."
"Who cares about work? You're not on the rota today, are you?"
"Yes. Sorry."
When he turned around again, Sherlock was still standing across the room, watching him. John couldn't read his expression clearly in the darkness, so he crossed to stand closer. "Yeah, you're right. Clean-shaven is a good look for you." He grinned and pulled Sherlock into his arms.
"Sorry, what? It's just a plant," Sherlock repeated. "You've been taking care of me for years, and I'm still alive. Stone's doing fine, too. Since when does everything you touch turn to shit?"
"Moriarty hired you to spy on John and me," Sherlock said.
"Oh, don't worry about it, John. It's fine. I wasn't even sure if you'd be home—I know you were in hospital yesterday." She leaned forward and hugged him; they gave each other a peck on the cheek. "Glad you're all right." She stepped back after they hugged, still holding on to that smile.
"Anyway." John crossed the room and tucked the application copy in the bottom drawer of his wardrobe, where he kept papers he didn't want to lose. "Greg called while you were in the bath. He thinks he's found the victims. Two bodies missing fingers, dead in their flat. A married couple, Christopher and Amy Crawford."
He made sure he had the volume turned on and set the phone down on the table next to the sofa.
Sherlock decided to be accommodating. "There are four in the living room on the desk. Don't use the Toshiba or the one with the RAMC sticker on it."
Sherlock was sitting quietly in the kitchen, drinking tea and minding his own business while he waited for John to come downstairs with Rosie, when he was rudely interrupted by Mrs. Hudson. She let herself into the flat, as usual, calling out to announce herself and then strolling right into the kitchen.
"Your crime scene is putting me to sleep," Sherlock told Lestrade. "We're going to get caffeine."
"Mm, I'll try to be out for longer next time." John picked up the controls for the bed and fiddled with them, raising the mattress until he was sitting upright.
"No, of course I'm not. But, it's Sherlock." He paused. "You—you know how it is. He asks and it's just...."
"True. But I also know they love and miss you, too. We'll call them in the morning if you'd like."
"Sh'wock!" Rosie said, and didn't laugh, but he knew he had her. He did it again and she began to giggle.
"Er, yeah. She's here. She just had a baby girl. Seven pounds, six ounces. Named her Eve."
"What for?" John asked, without looking up from his laptop. She probably wanted to go out to eat with her friends—Chloe and Abby had come home with her after school, and the girls had been giggling in the living room for the past hour.
(See the end of the chapter for
"My father used to say it. Our dog never listened, but Daddy would say it whenever he was bothering him. Sometimes he'd say it in jest to me or Mycroft. I thought that was the funniest thing ever when I was little. I'd forgotten all about it until we were at their house, and I saw Daddy interacting with Stone."
He had no interest in eating a salad, so he left the bag on the worktop and went back to the fingers, hoping something new would strike him if he worked for long enough.
"Mycroft!" Mummy exclaimed.
Rosie started to open the boxes of ornaments, exclaiming over each new color and shape, and Sherlock wished he'd drunk enough to pass out, rather than watch such a torturously joyful event. He'd never imagined that his life would come to this. Rosie's continued happy existence and growth here in this flat was unbelievable. What had he ever done to deserve a child who loved him and made him as happy as she did every day? Even her tantrums were a pleasure. No. That wasn't true. He was definitely drunk and unable to think clearly right now.
"Right. I'm sorry. Sherlock does the cooking whenever I'm too sore from being kidnapped and held in handcuffs all day."
He should've had more to drink at the party—if he'd been as tipsy as Lestrade had been, he would be able to fall asleep, but now that he was upstairs alone in his room, he was no longer tired. He got changed for bed and lay down on top of the covers, staring up at the ceiling. The last time he knew for sure that Sherlock had heard from Irene had been on his birthday, nearly two years ago now. John had told him to text her back, though he didn't think Sherlock had followed his advice. He hadn't really wanted him to; he'd just been jealous that Irene was still alive, and Mary was gone. He'd still been talking to Mary, then, imagining that she was with him whenever he had thoughts he wanted to avoid thinking directly.
He stopped when he reached the open doorway. Eurus was still in Sherlock’s bed, her eyes closed, flat on her back with her head slightly turned towards the cot, where Eve was asleep, as well. The pillowcase that John had swaddled her in was a little looser than it had been, but otherwise she looked just as she had before: a wrinkled, red-faced baby with a head full of fine, dark hair. John would have to show Eurus how to wrap her up tightly, once they got some proper baby blankets. Wait, would he? What were they going to do—let her leave with Eve? Have the two of them stay here in Sherlock's bedroom indefinitely?
"Don't worry, she had a very fine doctor attending to her."
Rushing a bit because I want to have these done before Christmas, and trying to tie the plot together, so I apologize if there are typos or mistakes in this one!
Sherlock shook his head and glanced at his watch. "I expect Eve to be awake again within the next 90 minutes, and then after she's been fed and had her fill of burping and swinging and rocking, I'll go to sleep when she does. That should be sufficient to get me through today."
"I told you, if I heard one more bell jingling today...." John glanced up over his newspaper, then folded it down to stare at Sherlock. "You're not Rosie."
Lestrade shook his head and opened the bag anyway, pulling out a set of...three candles, scented with pine, peppermint and gingerbread. "I like candles," he insisted.
"Sorry." John glanced back out into the office, then shut the door behind him and came closer to the desk. "Anything I can do to help?"
"I know, I know. Sorry. Just. I'm a little...." He swallowed and closed his eyes for a moment, the full weight of what was happening finally hitting him. Quarantine. Two weeks, he and Sherlock, to see if they were going to develop any symptoms. No leaving the flat, no visitors in the building, no more shifts at the clinic, right when his skill as a doctor was needed more than ever.
"But I see you're determined to get it," John said, but he was smiling.
John bit at his lip and turned away from them. Why had Sherlock looked directly at him when he'd said that? Had John been too obvious lately? He always tried to keep his feelings hidden, but that was harder to do now that he was once more living in the same flat as Sherlock.
"These are fine," Sherlock said, without pausing as he cut out a heart from a half-sheet of pink paper. Only the tips of his fingers fit through the plastic handles of the scissors he was using.
John turned his phone toward the wall, illuminating the unlit bulb of the night light. "The power's out, so it's just a little dark right now. It should come back on soon." He hoped it would, at least. He didn't fancy bringing her into the bedroom he and Sherlock were using—the bed wouldn't fit all three of them, and he knew which of them would most likely end up sleeping on the sofa downstairs.
"I don't know. Bella likes a lot of the same things I do, but she says she hates London and can't wait to get out of the city when she's done with her A-levels, so that probably wouldn't last, either. And most of the time I'm pretty sure I like boys more than girls, but we kissed at Chloe's birthday party and it was pretty amazing, to be honest."
"That was days ago." He flopped his head against the back of his chair, his bare feet creeping out towards John. "Now I'm so bored."
John looked up at him and Sherlock caught a flash of fear, quickly schooled into an unspoken question about what he had found inside. Sherlock shook his head and John's lips pinched for a second before he turned his attention back to the girl in his arms.
"I don't think I can do this, John." Sherlock dropped backwards to sit on the floor next to the swing.
Once Rosie was in bed, he made himself do the washing up and then have a shower, in an attempt to distract himself from worrying. Sherlock would be home soon. He had to be.
"Hm. Maybe." John lowered his head, again rubbing his hair against Sherlock's face. "When I get tired of annoying you by having it long." He made one more pass of his hair across Sherlock's nose, then laid his head on Sherlock's shoulder.
"Rules? What rules?" Sherlock asked. "We bring a gift, we take a gift. It couldn't be any simpler."
He could almost hear Sherlock's laugh, a small puff of air through the phone. "I will strive to make her life interesting."
"I wasn't going to give it to you," he said, and it took Sherlock a moment to remember the card he still held clutched in his hand. "I was afraid that you wouldn't want it. But I had to try—I had to take that risk. I couldn't keep living here without you knowing how I felt and without knowing if you—"
"He's my brother." She shrugged. "I like getting to know him, trying to understand how he thinks. And you're a big part of what he thinks about, it appears."
John thought of the text Eurus had sent him yesterday, saying much the same thing, but they were both wrong. "I know you can do this. I've seen you with my own child, and I know you're capable of love and affection and that's all you really need in the end."
Assured that John would get Mycroft to trace the call, Sherlock refocused his attention on Moriarty. "I knew I'd hear from you eventually," he said. "Didn't expect quite so many points of contact all at once."
"No, no he wasn't. He thought you'd be an easy victim, but he was wrong. Even when you were just starting to wake up, you fought back. He wouldn't have been able to control you if he hadn't drugged you that second time."
"You could be." She found the first blank page in the book and picked up the scissors. "I hope you catch this Moriarty fellow and get all this settled before Naomi's wedding. I've already told her we would be there. Have you RSVP'd yet?"
"If you want us to help you, answer the question," Sherlock said. "What did you tell him?"
John met his eyes for the space of a heartbeat, then pulled a folded rectangle of paper from inside his blazer.
"I learned from the best."
"I wanna do a grown-up job," Rosie whined, but she wandered away from Sherlock, towards the half-decorated tree, and picked up one of the crocheted snowflakes that Mrs. Hudson had purchased from her niece's Etsy shop.
"You all right?" he asked, when John wobbled a bit as he swung himself into his chair.
"Whoa, whoa." John twisted around in his chair to look at her. "Back into the kitchen with that. You're getting crumbs everywhere."
John took a deep breath and started up the stairs. The door at the top was open; he wasn't sure how to interpret that. A welcome sign for him, or an indication that Sherlock had left the flat without bothering to shut it behind himself?
"Oh, Sherlock, you can't keep those awful things! Throw them in the bin." Mrs. Hudson stood behind John and the dog, one hand hovering near her mouth as if she'd never seen anything worse than a couple of severed fingers with barely any blood on them. She was quite the actress, when she chose to be.
"Oh, oh! You are? Really?"
"I'm not going."
John shrugged, carefully folding the letter so he could tuck it back into the envelope. "It's okay. I wasn't sure.... You know I wasn't even sure if I wanted to do it." He licked his lips once. "At least this way I don't have to worry about making that decision."
He sat down at the table and found a pencil, instead. Easier to sketch and shade with. A new sheet of paper, folded twice until it was the size of a greeting card. He drew quickly, without giving himself too much time to think about it. He was a decent artist, and quite familiar with this subject. A heart, anatomically correct, just like the ones Sherlock probably still had stored in the freezer downstairs.
He followed Sherlock down the hall, trying to ignore the fact that his palms were sweaty and his heart felt like it was about to pound its way out of his chest. Sherlock entered the bedroom ahead of him, without hesitation. John stopped in the doorway, taking stock.
"What—Sherlock. She's a baby. How are you possibly going to keep her a secret? Even if he's not watching the flat, he might notice when you go out to buy formula or he comes to visit and there are baby bottles in the kitchen sink."
John was pushing unconsciousness, so left the pair two their own devices. They could figure this out, stabilize his leg and his vitals, whatever. The doctor's plan of action involved soaking up the warmth of a hideously orange shock blanket, then bathing in the glow of a lovely narcotic. It was a fine plan, and he was sticking to it.
Sherlock mused.
"Yes. I believe it would," Sherlock grunted, and went to follow John's bidding.
himself), righteous rage, sorrow, and something else... something he couldn't deduce. Revulsion, perhaps? He didn't know. Sherlock only knew that he'd caused John more pain.
Instantly, chaos ensued.
Sherlock loses focus on The Work out of feelings of guilt over John.
A vision of leaning over the cracked porcelain lip, fighting to maintain his balance with soap-slick fingers and slippery elbows. Wobbling on his right leg (which was already achy, fucking hell), left leg hovering above the ceramic tile at an awkward 45-degree angle.
me. It's vital that you understand."
Sherlock had never paid much mind to his own bed. In point of fact, the genius had never paid much mind to sleep; the concept of which, or otherwise. Yes, as everyone within a ten-mile radius of the detective knew, sleeping was boring. So was breathing, but that's another story altogether.
Sherlock jerked up in dismay, mouth gaping with guilt. Broken skin laid bare on his full, lush lower lip, a gash the length of his two top incisors. The surrounding area puffed up, an irritated, crimson injustice. "John, I'm so sorry!" he croaked, large head spinning around  the room. "Yes, of course! Uhm... Right. Exactly where would you like to relocate?"
He felt the moisture trickle down his temples and pool in the well of his clavicles. John's mouth split wide with what must be a spectacular, shit-eating smile. Sherlock instantly sensed it, even with his eyelids squeezed shut. It was obvious from the contracting of John's cheeks accompanied by a salaciously satisfied giggle. Helpless, Sherlock thrust hard against John, panting with helpless abandon.
Whilst never giving one before in his life, John knew what he liked and applied that knowledge now.
Sherlock chided, appalled."Rats aren't marsupials. They come from the class
Yes. It must be so. Nevertheless, John's hot tongue on his skin, the *
"Sherlock. You are
Love, such a perilous and slippery sentiment. It's a precept woven into sonnets and carved into trees.
"John?" Sherlock bellowed, ignoring his compatriot's paranoia.
The DI's gaze had shifted, perhaps put off by his childish whingeing? He couldn't possibly be so lucky...or could he. He didn't know. He didn't share Sherlock's gifts - or intelligence. Christ though, why care why? It was enough that Greg had let the issue go. John relaxed his hands of their death-grip, and just breathed; monitoring his second-best mate. Just in case.
John needn't have bothered, however. The tall man sat taut, eyes squeezed shut and nostrils flaring...a soldier preparing for war. He seemed lost in memory; or perhaps was simply organizing his thoughts? Messy hair didn't factor in his tale one way or the other. Sherlock had bigger fish to fry. John redirected his nervous energy from hairdressing to brutally gnawing on his lips. Considering the direction this was going, his poor mouth would be chewed to a pulp.
"No. No, Sherlock's not now, nor has never been my boyfriend."
"What progress we are making." Sigmund Freud*
Bitterness is a paralytic; love is a much more powerful motivator.
"Come sit down, you git. I'm not going to bite." John patted the duvet with his hands. He flashed what he hoped was a reassuring smile at his friend.
John most definitely freaked out.
There's nothing I can say that you two don't already know." He slumped even further, plastic boot rasping across the carpet.
Sherlock sighed, the weight of the world on his shoulders.
"Oh, love. My lovely man. It's fine, what you're doing," the little man crooned, arching up.
Sort of.
John had pushed past feeling restless over two dull, interminable hours ago. It felt like ants were crawling on his skin, and the silence started ringing in his ears. The only positive aspect of the day was that his bone-deep post-surgical pain had diminished. It wasn't exactly tolerable per se, but he no longer fought the urge to cry; whimpering pathetically, face smashed red and sweaty into the couch cushions. This was the same damn situation as with his shoulder. The continuous ache served as a vivid reminder that he was injured, infirm, and unfit. Hell's bells, but he'd come full circle.
Wow. This got dark. So much for fluff.
And then, there was the issue of breathing. Fundamentally, breathing is boring. If oxygen wasn't so bloody essential, Sherlock knew that if respiration wasn't regulated by his ANS, he never would have continued the practice in the first place. Dull. Boring. Albeit useful, but boring.
"Christ, John. Please do try and take it easy down there. I do expect to retain some soft tissue in my behind after you are finished." Sherlock huffed like the pompous douche bag he was and flopped down to his stomach with a groan. "Seriously, John, my arse hurts. Just fix it and I'll leave you alone."
As a doctor of science, I should expect you to - ."
"Yeah, love. Not a problem. What do you need? Can I help?" the little man burbled hopefully. Really, though, what salvation could he offer? The devastating fallout of torture fell beyond this doctor's ability to heal.
Finding a position where his ankle lay supported strained John Watson's good humor. Nonetheless, occupational know-how comes in quite handy when one is a doctor or graduate chemist (with a comprehensive grasp of anatomy).
as you are eminently aware," Sherlock shot daggers from his eyes.
Eventually, in an unspoken agreement, the men drew apart. Sherlock briefly nuzzled into John's neck before wordlessly moving off to complete his tasks. Pain pills, water, and a soggy bag of frozen peas were handed to John in short order, much to the doctor's relief. John drained the glass in four huge swallows and passed it back to Sherlock's waiting hand.
fully grasped the evil that humanity harbours. In all honesty, he'd have been thrilled to remain ignorant. A great weight pressed on his chest, limiting his capacity to breathe.
The detective found tuning out his transport quite practical, most notably on long, sleepless stakeouts in Prague. And yet. Two years of being dead/but-not-really-dead threw a hell of a spanner into the works. His works, specifically. Obviously, it should have gone without saying, but this issue affected more than his own sodding carcass.
The genius sucked hard at John's skin, condescending to fractionally loosen his jaw. He growled, actually growled, whilst the little man writhed, eventually yielding to the genius's will. Punctuating the sentiment, John's cock pulsed, jerking against his belly; helpless victim to this strange pleasure-pain. He alternately panted and whimpered, rubbing his cock against any part of Sherlock his hips could reach. Sherlock rumbled in encouragement. He pressed inwards, feasting on salty-sweet flesh. "John, you are succulent. I'm going to continue until I've consumed you whole," he smirked, "and swallowed up every last drop." John arched, wailing at the thought.
Severe, highly localized pain blazed from his left ankle joint. Well, wasn't this a bloody perfect to-do. Apparently, fate couldn't leave his sorry arse well enough alone, and so fucked over both of his legs. He knew that the pain indicated serious, and likely debilitating injury; please
"We often believe, not on the basis of arguments, but on the basis of desire." - Sigmund Freud
Lestrade had only once left a partner behind in the heat of the chase. Once. Watching Anthony hauled off in an ambulance (moderate flesh wounds from a pavement scuffle, thank God) was bad, very bad. He'd gone home, gotten spectacularly pissed, and had an epic fight with his wife.
John's line of thought unraveled, and he mentally stumbled, undone.
Chewing on his lower lip, the doctor deliberated on the best choice of action. It wasn't as if he could run through the streets looking for him. Phone. He should sent Sherlock a text... something casual, friendly, the wording light. Certainly, nothing alarming or accusatory, say such as "Where the bloody fuck are you, you ignorant berk? I'm going to beat you with my crutch if you don't come back
John swallowed hard, gritting his teeth against each wave of helpless fury inundating his body. "Yes. Right." His fingernails cut into the thin skin of his palms. The pain was grounding.
If you want me to, I will.
“We have learned, for example, that the more virtuous a man is the more severe is his super-ego, and that he blames himself for misfortunes for which he is clearly not responsible.”
a detective, roughly speaking." John neither replied to the query or made eye contact, instead grunting as he reached for his crutches.
"Jesus, Sherlock, you never know when to stop." John's cup clattered to the table, tea sloshing. "My brain's full up right now. We've talked about things that... they're intensely private. We're both emotionalIy wiped out. I need a break. Please."
Sherlock fought to delete the last twenty-four hours before the sliding glass doors of Bart's Hospital closed in his wake. His crystalline blue eyes sparkled, welling up with moisture. Shiny wet lines streaked his cheeks.
Sherlock's words rumbled low in his throat. "It's what I'd prefer, though, John, and you know it."
"That's hardly a threat, John. The size deviation between the two is marginal, at best."
There was something worshipful about John's voice, making the name a one-word prayer. "God, I love you so much, I can barely stand it. I'm yours. I give myself to you."
And now, the illusion had shattered. The true "Great Reveal" reeked of dark humor, although, to be accurate, fingers in the carrot box already set the stage. Apparently, all John needed to do to set the ball rolling was to sustain a serious injury.
Greg waved him off with a snort, albeit, a muted one. "Nothing doing. Apologies aren't my first priority right now. And at any rate, in my department at least, broken noses are par for the course. No. No, what I'm really interested in hear - "
John launched over a black Norway rat the size of a corgi as it bolted out of an overturned bin. Dr. John Watson, proud former member of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers; three-year veteran of Afganistan, Kandahar, Helman and Bath (Bloody) Hospital screamed like a little girl and landed cock-eyed on a cracked bit of pavement.
"I assume that 'this stuff' refers to to physiology? I
yeah?" Sherlock made no reply.
Sherlock made a moue. "Fine. It's true, I am brilliant." His brows lifted and rolled, left to right. "But, you are my beacon of light. I wouldn't have made it if you hadn't forgiven me and let me back into your life."
Lestrade grinned in satisfaction. "I see his Highness is aware enough to make a speech, and that's proof enough for me that you're going to be okay tonight. Although," he looked at John, "if
And John might face permanent damage to his ankle. Sherlock so wished he could take it all back.
"Blow torch."
The detective nodded, too far gone for cognizant speech. "You see, to me," John paused. "Here, hang on a mo'. Move up a bit so I can reach you. Not everyone is built with limbs like an orangutan."
"Seriously? And all three are...yeah. Yeah, that's...Christ, I can't believe it. Good work, man. I can't. I bloody can't. And what hospital were the boys brought to?" Lestrade snorted in disbelief. "Of course, of course it would be Bart's." Swallowing hard, he added, "And the parents? Where you able to contact all three families?" The DI huffed as if he'd just run a marathon - and won. The conversation took over fifteen minutes to complete, Lestrade swearing and demanding ever more details. Incredibly, the boys' torment was over. A ninety-eight year old American ex-pat had witnessed, in her own words, "I seen shit going down at that place! That asshole pervert cock-sucking sonofabitch faggot kidnapped those three poor little boys - and I just knew that I had to call it in.
Eventually, the splashing ceased, the toilet flushed (more splashing of water immediately following), flannels thumped on the floor, and the en suite door clicked open. In self defence of his sanity, John had kept busy by brewing more tea. Weakening, he'd thrown a half-empty packet of McVitie's on the table. Crumbs tumbled out through a tear in the plastic, some of them spilling to the floor. A falling hazard, that. His crutches might lose purchase on oily bits of chocolate. John couldn't be arsed to care. Sherlock's new cup of tea briskly steamed. The doctor temperament followed suit.
Lestrade popped up off the bench in alarm, unconsciously balanced on the balls of his feet. "Shit! Sherlock! You alright?" He did his best to read Sherlock's face, made difficult as the man had turned away. "Listen. We can talk about this later, yeah? I mean, let bygones be bygones," he snorted, "you know,
Drawing from the tenants of his many
It was such a cruel day, a day that saw more than one death.
"Ahh...let's go with H3N2, why not? It suits my purposes quite nicely."
*I apologize if this is a no-brainer but "John Doe" is a colloquialism in the Unfortunate States of America used to label an unidentified person or corpse. Just sayin'.
"Fine. Fucking tosser, I'm 5'6", are you happy? However, having said that, it proves that we both deviate exactly three inches from the mean. I'm no more an outlier than you," The doctor grinned smugly, supremely pleased with his brilliant supposition.
"Slick," Sherlock grinned. "Well, John, you'd better put that poncy premium lubricant to good use. It cost nearly 12 pounds, let me remind you."
Sherlock sprang to his feet and gracefully turned, backhanding Lestrade in the face. The unusual ennui, apparently, had vanished. Shifting out of Greg's reach, Sherlock bounced on his toes like a boxer.
John stirred to consciousness at 5:32 am - and 18 seconds, but who was counting? The doctor's pasty complexion, fluttering eyelids, and down-turned mouth triggered something antsy and uncomfortable in Sherlock.
"First things first. Into the shower, dear boy, for your desperately desired ablutions. Or, in light of your current condition," Sherlock archly raised one brow, "remain here for a full body sponge bath? Et bien sûr, vous allez vous baigner avec ma gracieuse aide, homme précieux et délicieux."
Lord knows how the man existed before he came along. Well, with Mycroft's unwanted assistance, John knew. Exhausted, the doctor sighed.
had bid him good luck at the hospital exit. Whatever solution for clothing John came up with now, he'd have to do it all on his own.
John curled around himself, fighting the urge to whimper. He resembled nothing more than a pissed-off and prickly hedgehog, burrowing into its den. The doctor's face shone sweaty and strained, reflecting the light from the windows. Sherlock blanched, deducing John's level of pain. More than a bit not good.
Come on, come on, come on,
He bounced about on his bum. "I'll have you know that I haven't had the privilege of smoking one bloody cigarette since I've returned - or rather, after John came back. And, Christ, that's not from lack of trying. John, he..." his voice trailed off in the silence. "He watches me like a hawk."
The detective was aware that this hellhole should be the last place he'd prefer to have sex. However, he had chosen this particular closet. He rated it as the least statistically vulnerable enclosed location for his intentions. Why such filthy squalor should set his cock to throbbing remained a mystery. As far as the detective was concerned, would continue to be so. The notion was one he'd rather not examine. Especially, since the location presented so may additional trials of his patience.
Mycroft had murmured with something less than a sneer.
Heavy bouts of snuggling.
Urges that were difficult to delete; necessary to avoid.
"John?" Sherlock muttered. "This needs to stop, this..." he whirled his hands in the air, the universal symbol for clusterfuck. "Bloody hell, John. We have to figure this out. Do you wish to speak here, or may we move to a more suitable location?"
as well, the second quote ends with "...someone of the opposite sex." But, if I can't misquote coke addicts, who can I misquote? LOL. So sorry, Sigmund. I sincerely hope that you are not rolling over in your grave at this bit of claptrap.**
Sherlock sighed, the put-upon genius forced to deal with the common folk. "Goodbye, Inspector. I have work to do."
it was) took over, logic all but abandoned. Sherlock tilted his pelvis, encouraging John to stimulate his prostate. John obliged, as he always did, jamming a pillow under his partner's sweaty bum. This change in the angle was evidently just what the doctor ordered. Sherlock yowled like a cat in flagrante.
Stepping closer to the fireplace, Greg got a probable upshot of John's day. He slept, softly snoring; arms and legs spread akimbo, and crutches tangled up on the floor. An uncapped and half-empty bottle of scotch lay wedged between John's hip and the armrest. It rested at a roughly forty-five degree angle, and as far as Lestrade could tell, John had been drinking straight from the bottle. His cheeks were flushed pink, and the air puffing from between his red chapped lips reeked of alcohol.
), he was acting like a squeamish great aunt. The detective silently submitted to John's ministrations
Lestrade flicked his eyes down to the faded Persian carpet, besmirched by dirt and debris. He took a deep breath, and began. All in all, he spoke for over an hour. Greg felt terrible seeing John's already troubled expression develop into something he could only define as wounded. Occasionally, the little man would open his mouth to make comment, only to snap it shut at Sherlock's shake of the head. By the end, John felt achingly sober.
Uneasily, Greg settled back down. "Alright, I'll stay. I'll bum around all night if you'd like," he soothed. "Anything you need, John, you know I'm game."
"Yes, Sherlock," John smiled wanly, head wrenching back up. "It's just a lot, yeah? "
Laughter rang, merriment echoing about the flat. "Point taken. And my love?" John patted Sherlock's hair.
"Hence, why we haven't yet achieved world peace?" John quipped.
want to do." The doctor ran a suggestive hand along the length of Sherlock's arm. "And...one more thing." John's hand slipped down over Sherlock's fingers. His hand cupped to hug the slight mound of the lanky man's thigh. Slyly shifting even lower, John fondled the sharp curve of his pelvis. John worked his thumb in light, teasing circles. Subtly, trying to further seduce Sherlock without scaring him silly, John made a practical suggestion. "First off, how's about you take off your clothes?"
the most ordinary of men, to accomplish what professionals had not?
The man in question snorted, growing slightly annoyed. "I believe we are getting off topic. Pillows, John. We need more pillows," the detective grimaced. "My quote on quote 'unnaturally long legs' are close to collapse from exhaustion." Without warning, he withdrew, penis bobbing as he dashed from the room.
"Quite. Now shut up. Not only are you cynical, but you keep budging in. Let me finish," the detective scowled. "This is as awkward enough as it is!"
Dang it! I clicked on "post" instead of "save without posting." I wasn't finished. I am going to leave it up and continue on, instead of deleting it. Sorry!
the dead-on equivalent of one 24-inch Bahco 36124 361-24 Stillson Type Pipe Wrench.
John's eyes weren't behaving. A storm cloud of tiny black dots obscured his vision. He took deep, calming breaths until they vanished, fixed on those extraordinary eyes. Even so, he felt shaken, and obediently slumped into Sherlock, who laid him down on the bed. Sherlock curiously studied the doctor's face. John's blueish grey eyes appeared to switch colour, the hue veering close to pure haematite. His pupils brought to mind the power of black holes, sucking all the light from the room. John. Supine and sloe-eyed, yet capable of subsuming his soul.
Finally, thank God, the doctor's eyes rolled up, eyelids fluttering. His brief spurt of energy was now depleted. Sherlock waited, expecting to be freed from the awkward debacle. Instead of letting go, though, John groaned and rolled his head to the left, the two fingers now clenched between his teeth. The doctor snuffled, sighed, then lay silent. He did not let go of his prize.
"Mmmm?" John said, balanced by Sherlock's strong grip.
"Morons." Sherlock moaned, "The miserable morons of Manchester. Why am I not surprised."*
Rather than poke fun, John began a slow campaign of relieving Sherlock of his kit. Sexually explicit dirty talk was one thing, but actual sex was another. Starting with his posh silky button down, John interspersed each undone button with a sensual, open-mouthed kiss; an incentive for each sliver of newly bared skin. Sherlock's long body twitched as his lover's tongue dallied, seeking out the most sensitive spots. "Oh, yes, that's it, John...that's so...
Greg noticed that John's skill with the crutches had gained significant ground, possibly because of his being stuck with that bloody depressing cane. Greg  hoped that John's future didn't hold more of the same, and he found himself looking away.
Pratfalls when prats fall
, Sherlock Holmes. John wanted privacy, and so we respected his wishes and said nothing. John may have resented our interference at the time, and who wouldn't, really, but he got himself together and made do. We all had to make do, even Molly. And didn't you put
Frustrated, John pursed his thin lips whilst executing a pronounced, circular twitch of his nose. He inhaled, opening his mouth to forge on. The little man sidelined all thoughts of speaking, however, as he honed in on his flatmate's behavior. Sherlock, incensed, abruptly thrust out his arm. He flapped it about with intention, ending each jerk with a panicky flick of his fingers.
"I. Am. Fine." Sherlock sprang off the couch and disappeared into the dark of the kitchen. "I thought that I'd made that much clear," he added coldly.
Had John fallen asleep? The detective debated, watching John's breathing slow down and his face soften. Should he allow John to another minute to settle, or disengage as soon as possible? Imagining one of the headstrong nurses bustling in any second, Sherlock concluded that this was for the best.
"A man should not strive to eliminate his complexes but to get into accord with them: they are what legitimately what directs his conduct in the world." - Sigmund Freud
Heterosexual, now with an addendum. Bisexual? Yeah, he thought not, he
Five minutes later, Sherlock burst back into the recovery room armed with an enormous cup packed with ice. "Ice chips for now, John. The nurses are being ridiculous. They forbid you from partaking of any and all fluids until you've completely metabolized the anesthestic.
"Eh, no," John snorted. "I'm not that desperate - yet. If you still want to help, you can run to the market. Or Tesco. I need at least two reusable ice packs, and a
, melted his brain into jelly. Only John would deem his mind useful, possibly for spreading on his toast.
John's tawny-lashed eyelids sprung open. Sherlock inched intimately closer, and John's eyes crossed in trying to focus. Sherlock surged inwards to lick a wet stripe up John's cheek. The round tip of John's nose twitched unhappily Neither of their breaths smelled like roses.
At this, Sherlock brayed out a deep snort of laughter. "Jesus, John, that was terrible!"
**************
This was
"You're the genius, John, for coming up with such a brilliant suggestion. I too," Sherlock bent down to nuzzle his nose against John's. "require a little skin-to-skin contact. And if a bit of snogging were to follow, that would be brilliant as well."
The tall man huffed so hard that his fringe flew away from his brow. "Honestly, Lestrade. I cannot imagine one valid reason why my personal problems should take precedence over The Work."
Sherlock snorted, teeth shining white in the gloom. "Am I to believe that a
Every NSY employee was aware, via personal and likely painful experience, that D.I. Gregory Lestrade fucking
John body felt stiff, almost corpse-like. This continuing deluge of emotion was more than his mind was designed to handle. At once appalled, ashamed, and exhausted, John despaired at his lack of self-discipline.
Aubergine complimented his colouring. Well, "weird purple", as John defined it - his silly man. ("God, Sherlock, purple is such a lovely contrast against your fucking lovely skin. It's bloody artwork, you bloody lovely git. Lovely. Come 'ere, and let me suck you off." Sherlock snorted.
John cocked his head, considering. "Actually, I've already metabolized everything that I took. I'm just happy. I feel like letting off some steam." He grinned.
yes," Sherlock panted. "I'm ready for you, love. I'm so ready!" He withdrew his fingers, eyes honed in on his partner. The detective spared a quick glance towards his slick, sticky hand, and he grimaced.
oblong and squashy, idiot!"
Mycroft will honestly consider putting out his own eyes after what CCTV ends up catching.
"Sherlock, please, I'm so sorry. I am so stupid, please, Sherlock!" John mentally kicked himself for being such a stupid twat. Sherlock was at his most vulnerable right now, and what had he done but drive Sherlock straight over the edge?
"Would you like to have it so? I've never done that, uhh...anal sex, but I'm willing to give it a go...that is. If you do, I mean." He squirmed, giggling and slightly breathless. "We haven't had much time to, you know...talk about things we like...you know...in bed. Christ, we're already starkers, getting ready for a cuddle."
"Sorry, Greg, need the loo. Kettle's still hot, have a cuppa. Perhaps Sherlock will make you some toast." He circumvented Lestrade before the DI had a chance to step aside.
why I'm so very frightened?"
John squashed a giddy giggle in amusement.
(See the end of the chapter for
sake, and you weren't in any condition to do the telling. I'm not
"Nngfff. Yes John, don't be an idiot. Your tongue should be designated a lethal weapon. It's
"So, believe me when I say that you DIDN'T deserve this! Any of this. we're agreed. We're in this together, yeah? What happened is done and over with, love."
"Fuck you. I never said I was a war hero, and you know it," John blurted, annoyed. "That's your little moniker, not mine."
Physically and emotionally spent, the little man had sunk into a deep, dreamless sleep. Sherlock desperately desired oblivion, but belligerent images assailed his mind. His brain wouldn't shut up.
Pale eyes darted away. "No, John. This is exactly what I want," Sherlock blurted, abashed. "However, I - John. John, I am not exactly experienced in these activities...uhm, kissing, all that, and - the uhm...the sex. I don't know how to do this correctly, and it makes me feel rather uncomfortable. I don't like not knowing how to - I don't want to make a fool of myself."
The detective swallowed dryly, trying to dispel the massive lump in his throat. "You're in hospital, John, because... because...because I miscalculated."
The DI cleared his throat again, more harshly this time. He'd picked a hell of a time to quit smoking. Ignoring the dangers of traffic, he flicked his dark eyes back to Sherlock. The consultant sat gazing out the window in seemingly vacant disinterest. Annoyed, Greg shook his head and went on. "Anyway, the parks have lots of sheltered areas; trees and hedges, and the like. Plenty of secluded places to commit kidnapping without anybody physically witnessing it. And shit, they're children's parks, for Christ's sake - oodles of screaming kids, parents' heads-up-their-asses on the phone. Who'd notice one
Sherlock wiggled, feeling the gentle press of John's glans nudging him open. It was far too gentle for his liking. Not enough base animal need, which he knew full well that John possessed.
or my pathetic excuse for a brother?"
-------
came first, any and all extraneous data be damned. And yet. After each mission wound down, abhorrent sentiment flared up. It burned, this: a soul-killing conflagration of shame and remorse, deep in the pit of his belly. Each job's conclusion dragged him just that much closer to hell's gates.
“Love in the form of longing and deprivation lowers the self regard.”
You know the hazards of mixing narcotics with other particular substances as well as I do. Downing another shot isn't going to improve your situation." Sherlock swept the table clear of the bottles and shelved them on top of the fridge. He then collected their assorted dishes, cutlery and cups, rinsing the mess off in the sink. "If you still want something to drink, I'll plug in the kettle."
"Mmmm, mind your words, John, for I mean to keep you forever." Slowly, Sherlock maneuvered one shoulder, and then the other from his shirt. Holding John's eyes with his own, the detective let the black cotton slip down the length of his arms. It fell in a silent pile around his hips. The detective grunted irritably, tossing the expensive shirt to the floor like so much detritus.
"Sherlock?" the little man dithered in misery, "Should I.
- meandered across John's helpless body. His quivering chest, taut jerking belly, velvet inner thighs...and
The detective froze, celadon green eyes staring into the distance. Whilst John wasn't crazy about his lover's shell-shocked gaze, it afforded him the time to wipe off the mucus. Better than before, if not exactly sanitized. Honestly! Considering the putrescent materials Sherlock habitually worked with (and stored on the same shelf as the milk,
It didn't bode well for the state of the case. Hell, it didn't bode well for anyone. Greg pushed away unwelcome images of a younger Sherlock, strung out and two stone lighter.
24: Merry Christmas
Instead of looking at him, John pulled his laptop closer. "Can't you deduce it?"
Sherlock let his fingers drift over John's shoulder as he stepped past him. "We'll have Lestrade feed you and then you can sleep if you want to. We should be able to go back to our flat tomorrow morning and once we're there, Mycroft won't be able to force us to leave again."
That was better than completely ignoring the fact that she was free, John supposed, as he watched Sherlock page through the notebook, which was about half-filled with notes and what looked like hastily-drawn street maps. "So you know where she was all those months after she escaped, before she showed up here?"
"I could shoot you in the spine. That would be poetic, wouldn't it? You and Johnny could grow old together in your wheelchairs." He lifted the gun a few inches higher. "What if you lost the use of your hands, though? Would Johnny feed you if you couldn't feed yourself? Which vertebrae is which, again? Lumbar, thoracic, cervical.... How high before you can't breathe on your own?" His hand rose and fell, the barrel of the gun roaming up and down in the direction of Sherlock's chest. "It might be easier if you turned around, let me shoot you in the back. Or I could try it this way, see what organs the bullet will go through and still let you survive. Stomach? Lungs? Heart? What should I do to you, Sherlock?"
Sherlock smiled and gave a little shrug to his shoulders, sending his dressing gown cascading to the floor behind him.
John knew that he was considering the wisdom of calling Mrs. Hudson upstairs to cook for them. "I don't think Sherlock has any eggs," he said.
"What, you've never pickpocketed a key from him?"
Sherlock raised his eyebrows at him. "Since when did you become an optimist?"
Sherlock turned the tap off and opened the door to the bathroom just as John came into the bedroom. "She finally asleep?"
John grinned. "Sounds good. Eve won't let you forget to feed her, but make sure you remember to eat some dinner yourself."
He took the pill, chasing it with water from a small paper cup. Molly's touch—she stayed here often enough that not only had she picked out bathroom cups with a floral print, but more than half the medicine cabinet was filled with her makeup. He rummaged around a bit on the top shelf, taking inventory of the medications. Nothing good at all, just some over-the-counter pain relievers and allergy medicine, plus prescriptions for high blood pressure and cholesterol. There was a tube of Deep Heat cream that John could use it if his neck and shoulders were still sore in the morning. No birth control pills; maybe Molly kept them in her handbag.
Sherlock crooked his head towards the living room just as they heard a single sharp rap on the door.
"Finally." He tucked his phone back into his pocket. "What took them so long?"
Sherlock tensed, unsure if he wanted to argue or if he was actually relieved to have Mycroft take charge.
"Oh, hi, Sherlock! Are you okay?"
"Thanks." John pulled the surgical mask he'd been wearing off and shoved it into his coat pocket. "Sick patient. People only let themselves stare for a second, and they don't look at your face. By the way, there are three reporters camped out in the lobby, pretty sure they were looking for us. I was going to text you but I know you said we shouldn't use our phones."
"John, thank God!" Sherlock took two running steps across the small room to meet him. "Are you all right?"
"That's my laptop," Sherlock said.
"It's hardly free time," John said. "And don't give him any ideas."
"Sorry. I'm sorry," John said again, and nodded his head once in determination. He stepped out of the flat, pulling the door firmly closed behind him.
John rolled his eyes but did as Sherlock requested.
John moved closer and put one hand on Sherlock's knee, his touch light and hesitant. "Hey, now think about it for a minute. Moriarty sent you this study to get you to react like this, all right? Don't let him rile you up."
"I don't mind. Except for all the Disney films. You'll owe me for those." He leaned forward and gave John another kiss, then pulled the blankets up to his chest once more.
Sherlock blinked at him. "Mycroft said the word 'piss'?"
"But you didn't."
"Oh, we moved all the houseplants into here," Daddy said. "It gets the best light in the house. Would you like to see?" He ushered Sherlock into the bedroom.
"Hm." John tightened his grip on Sherlock's hand, then let go with a sigh. He squinted up at Sherlock. "What did he want me for, anyway? I mean, my shoulders and back are killing me from being handcuffed like that, but otherwise he didn't actually hurt me."
Sherlock nodded towards Mrs. Hudson and Leon, then asked John, "How'd it go with your guard at work this morning?"
John gave her a tight smile. He didn't really need Sherlock's mother to start thinking that he was in the habit of watching him sleep. "Eve's cot is in Sherlock's room if you want to take a peek at her."
"Okay." John turned away from the bed, arranging his phone and his watch and wallet on his nightstand. "So," he said, without looking at Sherlock. "Did you also take your meds?"
"Don't tell me to calm down. If you only knew—" She took a deep breath and then let her shoulders droop, glancing first at John and then at Mrs. Hudson as she came into the room carrying a tray laden with a teapot and cups. "I am sorry. I shouldn't subject all of you to our family's problems. Obviously, I do feel strongly about this. My therapist thinks I need to try to forgive Mycroft if I want to move on, but.... It's hard."
"Oh, God," he said aloud, and then his phone buzzed again.
John took the sheet and wiped himself up, then let his head drop back on the pillow. "Remind me to disinfect my nipple in the morning."
"Cocaine. A small amount. That's it. I swore off hallucinogens after the Culverton Smith case."
John kept his back to Rosie and Sherlock as they counted out the valentines and compared the number to her list of classmates.
John had moved onto the sofa, and was sitting with his feet propped on a footstool. "I'm glad you're cooking. I don't think I could even turn around in that kitchen. Think you could get me some ice for my shoulder?"
"Is everything okay, Mr. Holmes?"
"Sherlock," John breathed, when Sherlock settled his hand at the base of John's spine, gloved fingers brushing slowly over his skin.
Jesus. That was.... Sherlock masturbating. John would've known how to react if he'd found him out of his mind on drugs or about to shoot someone in cold blood. Really, anything but this. Masturbating on the sofa, in the middle of the day, only a minute or two after John had left the flat. Of course, it was his house, he could do as he liked, and the baby was asleep in the bedroom, so it made sense that he'd been on the sofa, but why—
"I—I thought you didn't do this sort of thing." His own hand was still on the doorknob; he wasn't sure if his legs would support him if he let go.
"Okay, good. It can also help you relax and go to sleep."
"You always know everything. Are you telling me you couldn't predict that Greg and Sally were going to walk in on us?"
They'd never hurt before when he'd spent all day working at either his computer or his lab equipment. He squinted at John, trying to figure out why he sounded annoyed. He was certainly used to Sherlock losing himself in his work over the years, and it had never seemed to bother him before. In fact, he'd spent last spring complaining when Sherlock wasn't involved in any cases.
"Yes." Sherlock took a step to the side to allow John room to move past him. "Now come on, Mykie. I'll see you to the door." He turned his back on Mycroft's glare and followed John into the living room.
Sherlock didn't let him finish. "Then I believe you. You didn't mean to do it and you won't do it again. As far as I'm concerned, it's over, and we don't need to talk about it anymore."
The top sheet had a handwritten note scrawled across it, the same writing as on the envelope, dark and sloping.
He tried to lose himself in his work again, but was pulled away from it after less than a quarter-hour when the doorbell rang.
Eurus's nose wrinkled. "I want her to have the same initials as I do without having to spell her name for everyone she meets."
"She's fine. Almost ready—any minute now, really. We should get back." He resisted the urge to grab Sherlock by the arm and drag him down the hallway only because he'd already changed his gloves twice, and Sherlock was probably dusty from digging through the mess of storage he had up in the cupboards of John's old room. "Go wash your hands and put on gloves like I told you to do earlier. Just in case I need your help."
Now, Sherlock managed a fierce "No!" before John covered the detective's mouth with his palm. The tall man loomed, glaring at the ex-soldier with a muffled, "Mmmph!" It was ludicrous for John to doubt his own strength. That was ridiculous, that was...
didn't last very long!"
a continuation of the last chapter
Also, two more things:
John coughed, throat dry and irritated from intubation during the surgery. After a few more minutes of fluttering lids and vague attempts to establish his whereabouts, he locked eyes with Sherlock. His tongue felt like it had been shellacked.
"Sorry I asked,
"Oi! Mate! Sherlock! Where'd you shove off to?" Lestrade's harried outcry startled Sherlock, snapping him free of his fugue. He executed a neat about-face and beheld the vacant playground, confused. Lestrade had left his position. Snarling, Sherlock realized that it was the other way 'round. He'd wandered away like an half-wit, caught in a tangle of thoughts.
"Just spit it out. How bad can it be?" John demurred, silly mood abating with his flatmate's disquiet. "Lord knows, I live with a man who stores whole heads in the fridge!"
When Sherlock finished the process, instead of carefully laying the vest down - like he had last time - he launched it straight out the door. It
"Mmm, yes. A trip to Tesco may be in order."
"Exactly. Yes. We're well. No shut your gob and let's snog," John said, a hint of army in his tone. He massaged tight shoulders and stiff biceps. To Sherlock's horror a soft whimper of pain slipped from his lip - a sound better suited to a lost puppy. The doctor frowned, annoyed that he'd not caught on before. Of course. John nudged, pushed, and prodded, until his stubborn arse lover conceded. They rolled to their sides, face to face.
"Don't freak out."
"'Kay...no prah - poblum." John flashed an oddly mischeivious smirk He tittered. He tee-heed. The detective stared, nonplussed. "Here, I have n'idea." John burbled, opening his mouth in a fair approximation of a fledgling. "Ahhhhhh...say aaah, Sherlock. Say ah for your doctor." He giggled, pleased with his cleverness. Without warning, John lunged off his pillow, snagging the offering with his lips.
John's eyes flew wide and he jerked forward. An instant later his hand shot up to shield him from the bright glare of the bare-bulb desk lamp. "
In layman's terms, John's spine was flexible as all fuck.
Long, pointy limbs poised in terror as John's voice cut through. "Alright. Good," John wheezed breathlessly. "Now that's better. Slowly..." he gritted between clenched teeth, "
"Lestrade, you know how I hate to repeat myself. The case, if you please," Sherlock snapped. "I prefer to concentrate on one particular topic at a time, it's more efficient. Also, we are under severe time constraints at the moment, as you are most certainly aware." A small bead of blood welled up in the gap between the nail and skin of his left thumb. Sherlock stuck it between his lips, tasting copper.
"Sherlock. Come sit," Greg called, smacking the bench in encouragement. "I'm beat... worked through most of the night, as it were. There's no time to waste here, but," Lestrade grunted. "I need a ten minute breather." Not bothering to check if he was coming, the DI unconsciously patted his chest for a smoke, like nervous tic.
"John, stop shushing me, you're acting like Mycroft!" the detective snapped. The conversation lapsed into silence. Both men needed a respite. Eventually, Sherlock continued. "John. Everything I've ever worked for, every case, and experiment, and adventure. All of it," Sherlock gestured about. "The flat, my life, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade; hell, yes, even Mycroft and my parents... none of it matters to me if I lose you. I'll do whatever it is that you want. I will show you my scars."
(See the end of the chapter for
Like, to mimic the wound on your forehead?"
"Yes, well," Greg rolled his eyes, "everyone's a bloody moron to you, surprise, surprise." He cleared his throat, affording him time to refocus. "As it is, all three children were found dead, each within a week of their capture. Mutilated, sexually violated...a complete nightmare for everyone involved, parents besides themselves with grief. The only redeeming aspect of this whole mess is that the all of the...visible damage occurred post-mortem." He let out a grim chuckle. "Thank God for small mercies, yeah?"
Now, comes the close-up, live-action shot of "John Watson, the Incompetent Flatmate"; the doctor who fails to save his friend's life. Watch him now, folks, feebly struggling against the force of constraining hands, seeking Sherlock's mutilated form amidst the chaos of people and trolley wheels. Listen to the doctor's wobbly voice calling out. Impotent. Weak. John spies his body and goes still.
Sherlock flew about his bedroom, taking no notice that he'd obliterated the precise order of his sock index. Accompanying the DI to the crime scene presented him the unique opportunity to pump Lestrade for information that John had refused to reveal. John and the DI were close friends, surely the man could provide him with some detail?
indubitably disgusting in here, but - "
"Anatomy is destiny." - Sigmund Freud**
All said and done, he had apprehended the guilty party. One less criminal roamed London's streets. Another crime solved by the great Sherlock Holmes.
to. Now now, alright? I just can't. It's too much to handle right now," John thrashed restlessly with apprehension. "Please, please, please don't ask me again." Something welled up in his gut, an unpleasant, unidentifiable sentiment. John's stomach roiled in nausea as a bitter taste rose in his throat.
. The hum had felt like the echo of a previous life; whereby two men had sat in quiet contentment reading the paper and breaking their fast, the soundtrack of life with his friend.
"What's this?" He attempted some levity. "Someone's dog die?" The morbid joke landed flat as a pancake, as neither man bothered to respond. "Ohhh-kay then. What's going on with you two?"
"Christ, Sherlock, I'm not dying. Slow down before you crack all the eggs!" Despite John's protests, his face paled even more as he spoke.
it. An inherent part of the church. And, it's old, Sherlock, early 1500's. Fucking ancient, yeah?
It started small, this concept known as "catharsis". Sherlock gave a full-body shiver, which triggered John's psychologically intrinsic and deep-seated savior complex. Defying all logic, John's compact body lengthened until he enfolded six feet of genius in his arms. Sherlock found the fact puzzling, yet immeasurably soothing; that is, until John's face became sodden with tears. Sherlock waffled in the the knowledge, too exhausted to parse the proper response. Why was it so difficult to do that which John Watson accomplished as easily as breathing?
www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/08/14/british-stereotypes_n_5461440.htm
a soldier. I'm still going to...ahhh...speak my peace. Oh, fuck!"
"Horrendous," John gritted out.
As if enough were't enough, a frayed tangle of wire came to life, jerking  perilously close to his face. John flinched, yelping in fear. He twisted about, dodging the neon blue sparks as much as his trapped torso permitted.
"Please. The Work is partly based on deducing human motivation, is it not?" Sherlock pressed his lips together in a completely straight line, riveted by the sticky slick tainting his knuckles.
Duly noting his perplexity, the doctor felt touched by Sherlock's atypical dithering. This was the man's first, legitimate sexual experience; ahhh...well, at least one involving more than surreptitious wanks in the loo...probably. Possibly. John wasn't clear on the specifics of Sherlock's masturbation history. Anyhow, it was only natural for Sherlock to exhibit anxiety. It was his job to set Sherlock at ease.
A twinge of guilt nagged at John, born and raised Roman Catholic. Whatever. So he was destined for Hell. At least that's what his mother had said. "Bloody, buggering, FUCK!" And...John was up.
"Yes. That. The ups, the downs", he chuckled nervously, "the...sex...wait,
John rested on his bum, back braced against the pillow-strewn backboard. He'd curled up like an overstuffed prawn, legs crooked over Sherlock's bent arms. On his part, the detective complemented the position by supporting John's lower half. Sherlock thrust into his lover's body, legs folded and crowded under John's pelvis.
Also, sorry that this took so long. I have been jumping through hoops trying to find a new job (which I finally did - yay!) and that took time away from my real life, lol.
At least it wasn't soggy.
"No. I felt you stirring and woke up. I've only been awake for for about five minutes longer than you have, so don't worry," he crooked an eyebrow. "Pills wearing off?"
Come together, right now, over me.
John commenced with a leisurely brush of his hand; quietly pleased to feel his penis perk up.
a ruthless, repulsive assassin.
Sherlock let fly a groan of irritation and retreated into the depths of the mind palace. He set the transport on autopilot, his feet free to roam where they would. After all, they weren't strolling the white cliffs of Dover. When Lestrade paused to take a look at white paper, Sherlock's legs kept striding ahead.
friend, yeah? And, well, he didn't seem, oh I don't know,
"Nope. He was far on ahead by the time this," he gestured at his ankle in disgust, "happened."
