I remembered Harry Fortescue well, a meek and earnestly honest young man with his future before him. He had not been moved of his own volition to take a life that morning; in coming to Holmes the week before, in fact, he had done everything in his power to avoid it. But we had been too slow and ineffective to prevent the necessity, arriving only in time to prevent, through clever management, suspicion from falling on him. Perhaps he would have prevailed in a court of law, even despite the power and position of those who would be arrayed against him, but Holmes had preferred not to take the risk. Instead, he had appointed himself judge and me jury, and after we had acquitted Fortescue, Holmes saw to it that he was returned to the loving arms of his fiancée, never to be separated from her again.
It did not take me long to discover what the thieves had taken: the most recent fruit, a prize so specialised that there is hardly but one person to suspect of the crime. Indeed, Mrs Hudson's description of the older thief matched Moriarty exactly. I spent a year cultivating this particular fruit and had high hopes for it; only this week,
"My god," I breathed, staring at the monster. "She doesn't intend to fuck that slip of a girl with that beast?"
"Come back to Paddington with me," I urged him, wanting him away from the influence of the Tree. "We both need to sleep, and your bed is full of roots and branches."
says, whispered to the tree in the dark of night, will fuel its growth and the production of a truth-revealing fruit: one truth for one lie, the revealed truth in proportion to the importance of the falsehood and the number of people taken in by it.
I leaned down and kissed him again. The kiss was tentative and fragile, so different from when I had confidently propositioned him in the months before I had met Mary. His words had been regretful, but he had not chosen to confess all and ask my forgiveness; he had crept in, a thief in the night, and been ambushed by my already knowing all. I could not be confident of him, nor whether he would hare off on his quest once more.
Mrs Hudson looked at me for confirmation. Well-trained to follow Holmes' lead and still bewildered, I nodded. "He was just now telling me the story."
seemed to think it was Christian charity that motivated me on that occasion, but little did he know it was the Tree and its everlasting need for more untruths. But that was merely refusing to solve a crime, and I have not, after all, been put on this Earth to provide for the Yard's deficiencies.
"My grandfather was still the squire when I was a boy. He was not much liked in the village, nor was he affectionate with us boys, but that was of little concern to us, for my father, an otherwise shy and awkward man, showered us with affection as freely as the sun — or rather more freely, given the dampness of our little island. I had a carefree boyhood, much consumed with the collection of frogs and birds' eggs, and while Mycroft sometimes felt the want of a mother's love, I had been so young when she died that I had never known her to miss her.
"Still running around the city in disguise, I see," he said, as he carried the urn through. The clothes I had removed included those of a common laborer and a few other professions.
so I conspired to send him home. Alas, my lies had trapped me in their net, and he would not go. As long as Moriarty threatened me (or so he believed), he would not leave my side. The more I spoke of the dangers to him, of the utter necessity that he return to England and his wife, the more obstinate he became. When he is roused, there is no man on Earth as stubborn as John Watson. I do not deserve such a friend as he. I did not deserve him before, and I surely do not deserve him now.
Soon Mrs Klein had Susan positioned lengthwise along the beam of the sawhorse, pegs supporting Susan's weight much as stirrups support a jockey's crouch over a horse's back. A pink spotlight illuminated the girl's nether portions, of which we had a deplorably clear view, her folds gleaming and slick with moisture, her nether mouth opening and closing on empty air. I have no great experience of women, but even I could tell the girl was ravenous, her hips bobbing in mute appeal. Mrs Klein, icily aloof, did not seem much inclined to relieve her maid's hunger.
"You've come for the fruit, then," I said. "Now that I've published my account of your supposed death."
But it will not do to become too excited. I must be moderate, moderate, and test the truth of this revelation. This, too, may be a wild goose chase, just like every other lead I thought I had. And yet it is difficult to be moderate — I can feel in my bones that this is the lead that I have so long sought!
He cut the fruit in two, and experimentally prodded at its flesh. "Still no seeds. I had thought there might be this time, given its size." Closing his eyes, he placed one portion in his mouth, rind and all.
"The Tree is photoreactive," Holmes said. "All plants are, of course, but this one will ignite violently if daylight strikes it. We must have it all in the garden by daybreak, every last leaf and twig, well away from the house walls, lest it take Baker Street with it when it goes up in flame."
His mouth twisted, and his thumb stroked my cheek. "It's no matter. Now we must get these curtains down."
"I am sorry too," I said. It was as close as I could come to expressing my grief on that point. "Come, we'll put your fruit in my safe, and you can borrow one of my nightshirts."
Here and there, I glimpsed disembodied eyes peering at me from between the branches: Holmes' criminals, staring down at me from the walls. The room otherwise gave little impression of the man I once knew, instead having the air of a long-abandoned hothouse run riot. Branches hung around Holmes' bed like a curtain, and when I pushed the leaves aside, I could see that under the creeping foliage, his bed was as he had left it that fateful morning we ran for the Continent, the bedclothes pushed back and his nightshirt tossed carelessly across its foot.
Her wish was granted, although perhaps not as she preferred. Mrs Klein took up the wicked tiger-jaws in one hand; with the other she fondled Susan's breast, the delicate flesh soft and defenseless where it hung down beside the beam of the saw horse. She gathered its fullness in her hand, stroked its vulnerable nipple into a hard nub . . . then closed the cruel spring of the tiger jaws around it.
In the end, Mrs Maberley agreed to the rich sum of five thousand pounds, sufficient for a trip around the world in first-class style. In exchange for the cheque—the selfsame cheque delivered by Steve Dixie that morning, filled out under Mrs Maberley's watchful eye—the manuscript was duly produced. I seated myself on the hearthstone and commenced my task, burning it a few pages at a time. As I burned it, I could not help but glimpse its contents:
for safekeeping. He knows not the fruit's value, but he is loyal and has never required to know why I ask a thing of him. Tomorrow we shall fly to Europe together, and with luck we will shake Moriarty, giving me some space to have my trance. I will procure a quiet suite for us, so that I have a room with privacy, and then claim exhaustion from my months-long contest with Moriarty and retire. In the outer room,
"Yes, mistress," Susan said, levering herself to her feet with that same acrobatic grace. She quickly shed bodice, skirts, and petticoats, then stood quietly as Mrs Klein undid the knot in her corset laces and unlocked the tiny silver padlock at each heel. Soon Susan had shimmied out of the remainder of her clothing, and made ready a leather-padded sawhorse that shared the pink light illuminating the three gay bowls.
I read his resolution with misgiving, and indeed, the following pages grieved me sorely. As Holmes quested for a larger and more potent fruit, his falsehoods became bolder, manipulating his cases so that they might provide him with a potent lie, one capable of producing potent fruit.
But now I know why he brought the tree to me: with his reputation in shreds, his integrity under a cloud, the tree is useless to him. Tell what falsehoods he will in an effort to feed it, he will not be believed. So he has come to me that I might continue his researches. But despite the regular experimentation to which I have subjected it, its metaphysical properties are as much a mystery as ever. It is no clearer to me than to him whence the Tree's powers derive.
Everything else I felt — chagrin, guilt, pity, anger — for I felt all those by the bucketful, and more besides, emotions far beneath me, but that nevertheless clamoured for my attention — they hardly mattered beside the fact that Holmes lived.
Dismay pierced me — I had already reassured him once that I wouldn't stand in the way of the solution to his father's mystery. But this mania for the fruit's promises of arcane knowledge: that was more than the simple, honest need to know what happened to his father. I wondered then what lengths Holmes would go to, beyond even those he had already travelled, in his thrall to the Tree. But if I stood in his way now he would never forgive me, and I could not bear to lose him twice over.
"Holmes!" I cried out, and tried to push my way to him. The branches, however, tore at me in a frenzy of terror, blocking my path, and I was much cut-up by their thorns by the time I gained the inner curtain. I pulled it back to find Holmes, stance wide and strong, steadily chopping the trunk of the Tree.
"Mycroft came home from school, and although he questioned myself, the staff, and villagers, he was never able to throw any more light on my father's disappearance. I wish I had been older and more observant — I might have noticed some vital clue, now lost to the years."
I stopped reading, confused by the reference to Moriarty in 1887, years earlier than I understood them to have first crossed paths. Of far greater consternation to me, however, was the appearance of friendly acquaintance between them. But Moriarty was not an uncommon name; simply because Professor James Moriarty, criminal mastermind and the Napoleon of Crime, was on my mind that day, did not mean that every use of that surname referred to him.
Whereas for several days my bell had rung morning and night with new telegrams from Holmes, my bell was now silent. Had I offended him? Or did he now regret his earlier sentimentality? For two days I stewed in my anxiety. I would have written him a letter retracting all and begging his forgiveness; only his maxim against providing material for the blackmailer stayed my hand.
Whereas he had needed a credulous vessel to receive of his lies, and that duty had fallen to me. I remembered how I had called out Holmes' name in Switzerland beside the Falls, desperate for an answer. Had he heard me and turned away? I could not fault his need for answers to his father's disappearance, but I could still wish he had taken me into his confidence.
"Holmes!" I said, and stepped forward to catch him in an embrace. It seemed to me that he flinched, but I dragged him to me anyway. The apparent bulk of his physique was only padding, and I could feel his thin limbs and the rise and fall of his chest. His scent filled my nostrils, a scent that I had not known I knew, yet recognised instantly. Tears came to my eyes, and I hugged him more tightly. "Oh, Holmes! Thank God it's true."
He nodded, and his eyes shut again. Soon he fell into a normal sleep. I drew a blanket over him, and unable to bear the uselessness of sitting still, I set about tidying the room.
And yet I must beg someone's forgiveness. The Almighty's, if I cannot beg John Watson's. For it was not enough that I make him grieve my passing, but I must also cruelly use him as well: in my note, I hoped that he would tell the tale of my death.
Warily, my gaze turned to the heavy drape across Holmes' door. I could not see that it had been disturbed, but I did not have Holmes' eagle eye for detail. I approached the doorway and nudged the curtain aside slightly; there was nothing but darkness behind. I had expected the red glow of the lantern, but it was possible the interloper had heard my return and closed the shutter. If there was someone there, I did not relish encountering him in the dark, myself still blinded from the light of the sitting room.
I am not so rude as to deny my hostess's wishes, so I made myself comfortable in Holmes' lap. I was surprised to discover him already half-hard against my back; I entertained myself by squirming against him, and was rewarded with a kiss for my trouble.
This is the first lie that it has cost me to tell. Moriarty has chided me for being too timid in my explorations, for being niggardly in my feeding of the Tree. This lie will never be widely known, God willing, but it is at least of importance to both
I sat stunned for a moment, it was so unlike him, before I rushed into the corridor and down the stairs. But his long legs were faster than mine, and the front door shut behind him just as I reached the foyer. I dashed out into the street bareheaded, but the fog had pressed close during the course of the evening, and already concealed him from view. "Holmes!" I called. "Holmes!"
He had described the fruit’s flavour in his notebook as bitter, giving something of a burning sensation in the throat. Apparently the fruit was far more foul than he had intimated there, for his face stretched involuntarily in distaste, much like a child sucking upon a lemon. By main force of will he made himself chew and swallow it, then glared balefully at the second portion where it rested in his hand.
Barley continued to peer past my shoulder at the open door. "You don't think 'is ghost is walking, do you, sir? I've 'eard stories. People saying they seen 'im on the streets."
"My mistress asks that you make a selection, gentleman," said the ambiguous footman from near my elbow. They held a black velvet case which displayed several pairs of ornamental clasps intended for opera capes. Paired dragon- and tiger-heads with glittering eyes grinned toothily at me, each pair of ferocious heads linked by a heavy gold chain.
I waited. The tense silence was broken only by the ticking of the clock and the dry whisper of the Tree.
As he sought to cultivate ever larger, more potent fruits, he also waited longer to harvest them, hoping that I would publish his falsehoods, disseminating them to a wider audience and giving the falsehood more power and the resulting fruit more potency. Alas, he still did not make his wishes known to me, and I was as likely to share the truth with my readers. Holmes cursed me often within the notebook's pages as I inadvertently thwarted his plans.
I saw that firm mouth tremble before he mastered it. "Are you a friend, then? After what I have done to you?"
Holmes changed back into his more customary dress before we left, fighting through the foliage that blocked his wardrobe. Then he locked the door of his room with the key that all this time had been safe on his ring, no more lost than he was. We walked to my consulting rooms together, in silence for the most part, a silence not as companionable as it once had been. He did not take my arm, as had been his custom of old, but still it was good to walk beside him, to breathe the raw December air and look at the Christmas decorations in the shops, and to know that he lived. When we reached my newsagent's stand, it was a dull sort of shock to see that the man still wore a black armband for Holmes. I turned away, drawing Holmes to the other side of the street. He looked at me curiously, but did not argue.
"No, mistress, please," Susan said, cringing before her mistress's displeasure. She lifted her bottom in supplication, offering it to the rod. Her oyster still oozed its juices. "That was one, mistress, thank you."
"Stand and strip, my darling," Mrs Klein said to Susan, with a coldness that made the hair stand on my arms. "And we'll soon see whether you love your mistress."
I went back into the house to snatch up my coat and hat. I took up his, too, for he had left them behind in his cold fury. Back in the street, I ran for Paddington Station as quickly as my legs would carry me, in the hopes of securing a hansom that would allow me to overtake Holmes. Finding a cab was easy enough, and with the cabbie urged on by my generous coin we made good time to Baker Street.
I went to the fixture and turned the cock; when the light struck the leaf, it smouldered, and after a few fitful seconds, ignited into flame. I cursed and dropped it, stamping it out upon the carpet. Moriarty laughed while I sucked my fingers.
Holmes inclined his head. "Perhaps it was the naïvete of youth, but I could not believe what people said of my father. If he left of his own will, it was with regret and for good reason. But neither did we have any idea why he might be forcibly kept from home. Or worse, done away with.
Such sentiments were wildly uncharacteristic of him — I could assume that only the deniability of another man's words moved Holmes to expressing such sentimentality. I frantically searched Marryat's, but while the good captain would permit me to express my eagerness, zeal, admiration, or best respects, it did not permit of expressing my most ardent affection. Again I reached for metaphor:
I lingered in the kitchen as long as I could justify. When I returned, he was standing at my desk, composed and reserved, deliberately reading each page of his scribblings through before turning it face-down upon the blotter.
"It would annoy Holmes exceedingly to find he's become a ghost, seeing that he never believed in them while he lived," I told Barley by way of reassurance.
said, straightening up and turning to me. "Do you have a dark place to keep it? A cupboard where it will not be disturbed by others?"
But it struck me then that he had arrived wearing a disguise, and waited to harvest the fruit until I had left his rooms unattended. It was not the work of a man who intended to stay and reveal himself to his friends. Presumably he had meant to fly after securing the fruit, and it was only by dumb chance and bad management on his part that I stood talking to him now.
"I am a doctor, ma'am, and was a military surgeon before that," I protested. "I do not faint at the sight of blood. But what is the meaning of these?"
She gave me a poisonous look, but gathered up her skirts. "An axe, sir, and then you will both explain!"
Holmes cast me a grateful look above Mrs Hudson's head; I frowned in return. He ignored my warning, however, and settled Mrs Hudson on the settee with coffee from the tray. He then related to her a story about Tibet, Mecca, and a Norwegian named Sigerson, which is no doubt familiar to readers of "The Empty House".
It seemed likely I was misreading him, and yet his meaning seemed plain. Wishing to be certain before I committed us to something he might regret, I sent a reply, encoded as before:
"Inside his rooms? The blackguards!" I exclaimed, turning to take the stairs two at a time. "Can't they leave a woman in peace?"
"Be careful with the tree, lest you carelessly ignite your rooms," he cautioned me. "The reaction with sunlight is more violent."
"I don't know. It's pitch-black in there. Holmes has done something to the windows, and I can't get the gas to light."
tonight and an excellent dinner after to celebrate a successful conclusion to Grice Paterson's little problem. Before retiring,
"Gentlemen," the footman said close to our ears. "My mistress is concerned that this next act may not be terribly interesting to you, yourselves not being moved by the female form. She has made a guest room available to you, should you be more comfortable there."
It was the first of December, in the year 1893, when Mrs Hudson summoned me to Baker Street: the blackest day, perhaps, that I had known that year. In the early part of the year, my grief for both my friend Holmes and my wife Mary had become a shabby old coat, familiar and ready-to-hand if not particularly warming, but in autumn, with the publication of the final series of stories, my grief grew fresh and heavy.
Over the next several days our correspondence developed, euphemism by euphemism, metaphor by metaphor. It was ridiculous and puerile; it was unspeakably arousing. During sport in our rooms, Holmes was given to close-mouthed silence, both from an abundance of caution and I believe a certain reticence to make himself absurd. Perhaps he found it easier to speak with another man's phrases than his own — or perhaps in his boredom he viewed it only as an intellectual exercise, how best to abuse and misuse Marryat's signal code for a decidedly non-nautical purpose. But to imagine these phrases in his mouth, his enthusiasm overcoming his natural reticence, was unbearably exciting. I passed my days over the next week in a simmering arousal, always awaiting his next telegram, and my nights in more solo pleasures, longing for him. I snickered to myself whenever I found a new section of Marryat's that might be profitably misread and mixed my metaphors abominably in pursuit of phraseology that might convey my desires, and yet throughout it all my sentiments were always sincere: I was stiff, I was on fire, my sails were set all a-shiver:
It is difficult to describe what came over me, how my long-held admiration for both him and his powerful penis intertwined and deepened to nearly worship. I had hungered for his shaft ever since I first glimpsed its heroic length distending his trouser leg that long-ago afternoon at Bart's, and custom had not staled its infinite variety. But now I was driven to pour exaltations upon his engorged and furious member, to lavish upon it the full-throated praises it so justly deserved. Holmes, normally silent during our sport, urged me forward with growled commands and imperious cries of pleasure, and a kind of madness came upon me. Like a Greek supplicant of old, I wrapped an arm around his sinewed thighs and impaled myself upon his sword, squeezing and sucking, while my flying hand below imitated what my throat performed above.
was not the success he represented to me. Quite to the contrary, it has made him a laughingstock, an object of derision and pity among his colleagues. It seems that
says, come not from lies of opportunity and happenstance, but from bold, deliberate efforts to deceive, and to deceive widely. Presumably, that was the lie that
It has been a long search, but I have found the ship. The Tree can indeed shed light on Father's fate — this is the most progress I have made on the mystery since I first learned my profession. I must cultivate another fruit and try again. The inconsequential lies I have told until now are obviously too anemic for my purposes; I must be bold, and execute a falsehood of consequence.
"I was sorry to hear of your bereavement," he said quietly, and grief for Mary rose in me fresh and new, along with a new burst of anger. Holmes had heard of her death while he was gone, then, and chose to stay away. I did not know why that should wound me so, not when he had chosen to make me grieve his false death in the first place, but wound me it did.
"Those tigers will bite like the blazes when they come off," Holmes said, sounding as if he relished the prospect. "More than they did going on. Oo, eight strokes," he purred, his own rod kicking against me as the second stroke landed.
"Then I'll be sure to send for you, Mr Barley," Mrs Hudson replied, and this time when she tried to show him out, he went.
I had harboured no reservations about our actions that morning, but Holmes had been very low after. I had assumed that he rebuked himself for being too slow to prevent one man's death and preserve another man's moral innocence, not to mention avoid the strain and terror that poor Mary Harper, Fortescue's fiancée, had undoubtedly felt. It had never for a moment occurred to me that Holmes had questioned the moral rightness of our actions. Even if Holmes had a double motive in protecting poor Fortescue, that did not tarnish the fact that Holmes had given shelter to two innocents, protecting them from further harm. I wished desperately that he had chosen to counsel with me at the time: the strain of the lies he had told was too great for one man to bear alone.
"Judging from the spacing she just established and the available canvas to work on, our hostess is aiming for eight strokes," he explained. His hand sped on my penis, as if he salivated for the prospect.
is an honest man, fundamentally decent in his nature, and deserves a better companion than I. For a few seconds I cravenly entertained the proposition, so great was my desire, before seeing its utter impossibility. I almost hate how low I have become in my experiments with this Tree; I could not bear to drag
"You came back." I had been afraid he would not return. Afraid that, in my impetuousness, I had seen the last of him for another two years, if not forever.
"You and your brother have played a trick on me," she said, and turned accusing eyes on me, as if I had perhaps been part of the plot.
"I'm sure," he said, and placed the plant inside the armoire. "Do you have what you need for the morning? You will not be able to open these doors again in daylight."
It was presumably from Holmes, but I was much perplexed: Marryat's code was entirely numerals, but this was almost wholly alphabetic, except for the three '2's in it. One might suppose that my being the intimate companion of one of the world's foremost experts on ciphers, we have some private pre-established cipher that we use between ourselves, but we do not. Holmes would not have sent me an encoded message without the means to decode it; I must wait for a second telegram that contained the secret.
The Tree, however — the thought came to me in a blinding flash of revelation — the Tree would have to go.
That had a stiffening effect on the creature's spirit. "No, mistress. I'm ready, mistress." Then, pitifully, as if her courage failed her, "How many, please, mistress?"
"Don't his landlady 'ave a key then?" he asked doubtfully, contemplating Holmes' door. The strange scent had met me like a wall upon the threshold; Barley, too, sniffed curiously on entering the rooms. But he was not long distracted: he bent to examine Holmes' lock with professional interest, then stood and inspected the doorframe, as if considering the alternative of bypassing the lock entirely.
"Alas, my dear boy," Sherlock Holmes said to me with a wry smile, "we will have no relief from the courts. Ours is the self-same bind that captured Oscar Wilde: every word in the damnable document is true."
that Roylott fed the snake milk, although the milk was almost certainly intended for Roylott's cheetah. A harmless falsehood, but one which he is nevertheless likely to propagate in his telling of the case.
There was still that otherworldly flame in his eyes, a firey yellow so unlike his usual cool grey. I took his hand. "Wait a while. You're not yourself — the fruit's effects haven't passed off yet."
"So it is. Watson, I owe you a thousand apologies. I thought I bargained with no lives but my own, but to come home and be confronted with what I have done, to see the cost to my friend…" He looked up then, for I had drawn near to him.
I glanced at the chair where I had left his notebook, sudden guilt rising in me — he had not wanted me to know about his father. Some of his secrets concerned me, and arguably I had a right to those, but his family secrets were another matter. "All of it," I admitted.
She pulled her wrapper tight about herself and regarded me as she might a madman. "An axe, Dr Watson?"
It occurred to me then that Mycroft Holmes might have kept Holmes' rooms undisturbed in order to protect the plant after Holmes' death. Possibly in accordance with his brother's wishes, or else from some motivation of his own. "Perhaps it's best that I explain about the chemicals to Mr Holmes."
He touched my cheek, the barest brush before he dropped his hand again. He looked down, and when he looked up again, his eyes overflowed with gratitude and affection.
I had oft before witnessed Holmes' magnetic personality; here, too, it seemed to work its magic, for despite her misgivings Mrs Maberley consented to have us sit. She did not call for tea. I was somewhat uncomfortable to stay where I was clearly so little welcome, but Holmes was unfazed. He sat, and with a most sympathetic expression, leaned forward and fixed his gaze on Mrs Maberley.
She grinned back at him, not the least discomfited by our tableau. "That's my name. And it's a happy day for you two that I keep my hands out of other folks' business." She reached into her jacket and withdrew a cheque. "My mistress asked me to deliver this to you."
For that was the main thing: Holmes lived. Holmes was alive, or he had been. Even as I had searched for his body, driving the official forces ever onward in the throes of my grief, he lived. Where Holmes had spent the past two years and how, I did not know. Whether he was well, I likewise did not know. But he had survived Switzerland to return to England, that much was clear. There was no reason not to believe he had also survived the last two and a half years, wherever he might be.
He made me no promises. It was as well, for in that mood, I was unsure whether I would have believed him. I felt unlike myself, to be so suspicious, and I did not like it. Perhaps it was merely the fatigue of a night without sleep; perhaps it was the exhaustion of too many revelations in too few hours.
I had no rounds that day, and so wrote Holmes a leisurely reply, heavy with as much diverting detail as I could devise, and put it into the post that same morning. But the problem of Holmes' apparent boredom nagged at me, and when, that afternoon, I found myself in a bookshop, I impulsively asked for a book of Marryat's signal codes.
It had been so, although I had not thought of it such. I meant to say so, but just then Susan howled: Mrs Klein had moved to the far side of the sawhorse, and out of our sight, closed the second clamp on the girl's defenseless nipple. This time when Susan reared up the chain snagged on the beam of the sawhorse, pulling viciously at her unfortunate and abused breasts. She hastily laid herself flat again, her hips bucking instead, but what began as an honest expression of pain soon devolved into grinding her swollen clitoris on the leather covering of the sawhorse.
The tree thrived during this period. Fed a painstaking diet of falsehoods, it grew prodigiously. As promised, Holmes made his bedroom over into a darkroom, disconnecting the gas as a safeguard against accidents and generously draping the door and windows with heavy theater curtains.
Holmes knew what he was about — his request to command him got my blood up, overcoming any objections I might have made. Holmes ordinarily has a strong, commanding nature; I have seen lords and even royalty yield to him in his investigations. But now and again in the privacy of our rooms he chose to relinquish command to me, an act that never failed to fill me with tenderness and reverence for him, even as we invariably ended up rutting like beasts.
"But is it a memory you treasure, Mrs Maberley?" Holmes asked. "If you simply do not wish for her to possess it, she will pay as dearly to see the manuscript destroyed as to possess it herself. Watson can burn it for us, here and now while you watch, and then she will have paid and your darling Douglas' memory will be safe."
"A great man, Mr Holmes was," my newsagent said, as if Holmes had died just that day. "A sad loss to us all."
"Touch me, Watson," Holmes panted in my ear, his voice avid. I twisted in his arms, so that I might open his clothing and remove his prick. "There's nothing like a good whipping to get the blood up. Oh, but do not be so surprised, my dear boy. I did say I found the Diogenes Club quite congenial—on the lower levels as well as above. Oh, yes, that's very nice," he crooned, speaking as much about the caress of my hand on his rod as the next wallop that had landed on the back of the unfortunate girl's thighs.
"I would be honoured to have you at my side. But you've been awake all night, and look done in. You should sleep first. The trance will require several hours, I imagine."
One highlighted a queer arrangement of three long-handled bowls, each carved with a leering human figure whose massive and projecting phallus obscenely prodded the buttocks of the bowl next to it. Another shone upon a vast and lovingly intimate scene of women of the seraglio bathing each other; another upon St Sebastian writhing seductively as he was pierced by arrows. But the largest light of all illuminated a settee on which a woman reclined and by whom a well-built and nude young man knelt, blindfolded and bound, his penis painfully erect. The woman rose: tall, queenly, a perfect figure, a lovely mask-like face, with two wonderful Spanish eyes which looked austerely at us both.
"Stay where you are!" I ordered, and groped my way back to the door, stumbling over roots in the blackness.
But now I have deliberately obscured the solution to a case, rendering it unsolvable. The damning wine glass went into my pocket, the footprints were scuffed out beneath my feet, and the lines of evidence are now so compromised that they are a welter of confusion, pointing to no one at all. Heaven help me if the case should ever be brought to prosecution — I have made such a muddle of the evidence that I shall never get the poor beggar off, whoever he may be. And all so that Harry Fortescue might escape the certain clutches of the law, and I, in the process, might have a sizable falsehood for the Tree. I cannot confess myself anything but glad at Fortescue's continued freedom, but I am all too aware that I did not act from pure motives. Rather: a base, selfish desire to further my own ends. I saw the opportunity for a lie that might feed the Tree better than any I have yet devised, and thinking of aught else, I took it.
is still in Switzerland, no doubt futilely leading the search for my corpse along the banks of that unforgiving river. I have stolen back into England like the criminal I am to whisper my lie to the Tree. Already it recovers from its injury at Moriarty's hands. Even as I watch, new growth unfurls in response to the lie I have told. It seems to me that I can hear it whisper to itself. I am certain that I hear a voice, although perhaps it is only the voice of my own guilt.
"On the contrary! All the world should know her crimes! Her villainy! Her depravity! Her—" Her words were choked off with another sob.
Mrs Hudson soon found a black cloth for me, which I wound around the lamp's chimney. "Mind you don't set the place ablaze with that," she warned me, as I trimmed the wick as low as it would go.
The fruit, as small as it was, was apparently potent, for it induced in him a dreamlike trance lasting the better part of an hour. Holmes detailed a jungle scene rich with wildlife, featuring a jewel-green snake that hunted a pair of flying squirrels. Illustrations, rough and untutored, accompanied the narrative. I was not impressed with the vision. Neither was Holmes, for he evidently complained to Moriarty, whose reply was again pasted into the notebook:
I deliberately did not read his writings as I straightened his papers on my desk, but his drawings could not help but fall under my eye. There was a distinctly nautical theme among them, several ships, including one being savagely wrecked upon surf-crashed rocks, and another sketch of two Naval gentlemen wearing the high cocked hats of Nelson's era, each man so alike the other as to be brothers. Other drawings, however, did not fit the theme: there was a lovingly-detailed rendering of a pastoral farmyard, as well as a rough, cartoonish sketch of a fledgling in a nest. Chiding myself for my curiosity, I set the drawings aside. Light no longer leaked in past the curtains; I lit a lamp and set myself down to read a medical journal while I waited for Holmes to wake.
and me. Tonight I feed the Tree with it, and I hope that my sacrifice will be worthy of rewards of a different flavour.
Moriarty has claimed time and again that the Tree would tell me something I truly wished to know if only I would not be so timid with it. Until now, it has always told me things I could have learned for myself via other means. I am confident that, on the basis of my own powers alone, I could still have saved Helen Stoner from her stepfather's clutches; I likewise could have discovered
"Yes, mistress," Susan agreed, her voice despairing of mercy. She shifted restlessly on the horse, silently pleading for her mistress's touch.
"Of befouling your dear Douglas' memory, of course," Holmes said. "A reputation is a most fragile thing. Once tarnished, it can never be restored to its original sheen."
story, but I am intrigued nonetheless: why does he bring me this plant at all, and what does he hope to accomplish by telling me such tales about it?
"Rather, she enjoys her mistress's will, and endures all for her pleasure. I've sometimes thought that you are much the same, my dear boy. You are always so charmingly eager to please, obeying my orders without hesitation, even when I have failed to adequately explain myself to you."
"And I won't. I will knock on every door in Ireland for you, if that's what you require. But the Tree is the Devil's bait, Holmes. Don't you see it?"
On the same logical principle as before, I helped myself to one of Holmes' cigarettes, then struggled to strike the match. The cigarette had long gone stale, but no matter: Holmes would replenish them soon enough.
I understood, then, the tension in him — he had endured two and a half years of hardship and loneliness, and was about to discover whether it was worth the sacrifice. The sandwich went to dry ash in my mouth, and I laid the remainder aside.
My interpretation of 'Propeller (screw)' was almost wholly speculative, requiring all three of my mystery characters, but it provided a compelling link between my telegram and Holmes', and rendered the rest of the message nicely sensible. I am not a surgeon, but allowances could be made for the limited phraseology of Marryat's: ship's surgeons are far more common than ship's doctors, after all.
"And I am going to pay handsomely for the privilege, I assure you. Enough so that I may require someone to go shares with me." His glance was almost shy, and I realised he was asking me, once again, to room with him.
"Couldn't it be fought in the courts, if it is so damaging as that?" I asked. "A libel injunction, to prevent it from being published?"
"But come, if you have quite finished, let me take you to Simpson's for lunch, and then to a matinee. Tchaikovsky is being performed, and I should very much like you to hear it."
Susan cried out. The skin of her buttocks shuddered and jumped from the recoil of the cane, but the girl herself did not twitch a muscle. "Three, mistress, thank you," she sobbed, pain colouring her voice.
We went upstairs, and I loaned him a nightshirt. He changed and sat on the edge of the bed I had shared with Mary, waiting while I changed, too.
"The Tree did not specify, but as my father was last seen in Dublin, it seems the likeliest place to start."
He shook his head, the movement sharp and clipped. "No. I don't wish to adulterate the effects of the fruit."
But what I mainly felt upon reading the entry was an overwhelming pity: pity that Holmes, when offered something he apparently sincerely wanted, had thought too ill of himself to take it. I had long believed him content with his solitary life; I had not known that he ever wished for another. I had been deeply happy with Mary; I wished that Holmes could have known happiness, too.
The night was too foggy for a proper dawn: the mist grew brighter around us, but did not cleanly admit the sun's rays. Nevertheless, Holmes and I sat vigil in his room, now chill from the damp morning fog threading through the shattered windows, on watch for any small lick of flame as the city slowly brightened to grey beyond the windows.
I sprang to my feet, my poker jutting out before me, but with an enviable coolness, Holmes sat back on his heels and indicated himself.
"But you believed me dead, exactly as I intended. I deserve as much." He looked at me again, his eyes searching mine. "You said you read all of it?"
Fanciful indeed, for not only does the Tree allegedly grant the knowledge of the universe, but it shuns water and sunlight, and lives on darkness and lies. A lie,
"Mrs Hudson!" I bellowed as Holmes used to do, bursting out of his rooms and down the stairs. "Mrs Hudson!" I called again, storming down the corridor to her door, whereupon I set up such a clamour that I dragged the poor woman from her bed. "Mrs Hudson, do you have such a thing as an axe?"
"I'd rather you didn't practise upon me at all, Holmes. I should think that anyone you call your friend and partner should have earned your trust. Or was our alleged partnership, too, a lie?"
I have caught Moriarty's man skulking about in the street, trying to gain entrance. Sent him away again, but not before breaking my knuckles across his face. I can wait no longer to pick the fruit; Moriarty's henchmen will have it if I do not. This fruiting is paltry compared to its predecessors; my lies about the extent of Moriarty's criminal enterprise had too much truth in them. That, or they are not much credited at the Yard. Perhaps it was inevitable that the strength of my word would erode, much as Moriarty's has — the Tree will have its price in exchange for the Knowledge it gives. In any case, for as long as Moriarty walks free, this is likely to be the last fruit I will have from the Tree; it will have to do as it is, even if I wish it could have been left to ripen unmolested.
The entry ended there. I turned several pages more, but the following sheets were crisp and new, unmarred by any hand.
He pulled me to him. "Watson," he said, his face in my hair, and then again, "Watson." I put my arms around him and turned my face into his shabby coat collar, trying to will my tears to stop. His arms tightened around me, and the feeling became too much to control: I cried like a child. He curled around me, and did not release his hold.
"There, my dear, you may move," Mrs Klein said, her voice no longer so cool; she panted from passion and exertion. "That is a beautiful set of marks—you will be very proud of them later, and may show them off to all your friends." Saying so, she viciously pinched a weal and made Susan scream, then stroked the angry marks with her long white fingers, as the wretched creature sobbed and writhed. "Now, my clever girl, would you like Magnus for a treat?"
Thus, I hailed a cab to Baker Street. It was without much surprise that I discovered an ad hoc shrine of flowers and black crêpe erected on the stoop beside Mrs Hudson's door.
"There's no time to explain," Holmes answered. "It is vitally important that we have this all cleared away by daylight. A second axe, if you please, Mrs Hudson. I don't care whom you have to wake to secure it!"
"I remember well the oppressive air of that house, the very rooms themselves having taken on my grandfather's character. My father was much subdued in his grief — he had never been close with my grandfather, but sometimes the grief of a difficult relationship severed is much harder to bear than that of a close one. I did not know of such things, however, being only a boy — I knew only that my father's affectionate nature became heavy and troubled. Time did not ease what ailed him; he soon became skittish under the weight of his new responsibilities, and he insisted that I curtail my roaming for birds' eggs and remain always within sight of the house. Unfortunately, I forgot my instructions sometimes and followed the croak of a frog well beyond the lawns. Then my father would come down to the brook and catch me up tightly before hustling me back to the house.
I stood in the blackness, my chest heaving, listening to the rustle of leaves all around me. There was no hint of a draft to stir them.
Alas, it was rank naïvete to believe that Moriarty and I could strike a bargain. He had long ago become a criminal, mendacity his trade, his word of so little worth that he bequeathed the Tree to me. He was not interested in discussion. He arrived armed, and attempted to take the fruit by main force. Madness took me, and I would not give it up to him: without a truce, there would be no peace in which to grow another fruit, and without another fruit, Father's fate would be forever unknown. Within seconds we were rolling together at the lip of the Falls like two vengeful schoolboys. In the scuffle, the fruit went over the edge. Moriarty lunged for it—
I was interrupted by a gasp behind me, and turned to see Mrs Hudson at the door of the sitting room, a breakfast tray in her hands.
"Three months after my grandfather's passing, my father went out one morning and never came back. It was quickly discovered that he had boarded a train for Liverpool, but whither from there, no one could say. Foul play was initially suspected, given his fearful behaviour, but when our cousin Merritt and his family arrived to take charge, it was soon discovered that the estate and farms were in debt, and that furthermore Father had secured several large loans before boarding the train to Liverpool. The village had always thought him an odd man at best, and opinion in the village turned against him: he had obviously been waiting for the opportunity to get his hands on the family money, and finding none, had secured what cash he could and vanished with it.
"Is it so surprising? Why, all his friends knew of the book!" Holmes demurred, but Mrs Maberley's suspicions were aroused.
"Cheap at twice the price," she said with a careless wave of her hand. "But come, have a cup of tea, and explain how you did it. The witch absolutely refused to treat with me."
I watched him closely as he read. His face betrayed little emotion, and I could not tell if he was satisfied or disappointed with what he had written while under the spell of the fruit. His pupils were still dilated, even beyond what the dim room required. Concerned, I reached up to turn his chin to the lamp. His pupils did not constrict in response to the light; rather, they gleamed from within with a yellow flame, like those of some nocturnal creature lurking beyond the circle of a campfire.
Mrs Klein took several steps back and coolly measured her target. Then leaping forward with a cry, she sliced the cane across Susan's rear, the rod landing with a mighty crack.
Holmes went to the window and threw the sash up, letting in the night air and the poison fog it carried. He went to the next and did the same, and the same again with the third.
He did not mention what he had written in the journal many times over: I had been more useful as I was, an unwitting audience for his lies. I felt a flush of anger and frustration, that he could claim to know me and yet use me so poorly, and unbidden, my tears sprang up, as much anger as relief. I turned my face away and dashed them from my eyes.
"No one employs me, madam, and I, too, am grieved by your son's unhappy end. Pray, let us not act rashly, and sit and discuss this like civilized people."
"Except that it can. If you need me to spread a falsehood for you, to help you find your father's final resting place, I am here to be used."
The words wounded me, but convinced me more than ever that he was not himself. "Holmes, the drug is still upon you," I pleaded. "Stay here for the night, just until—"
"Is there not something inspiring in her devotion?" he whispered back, the heat in his voice making me shiver. The girl did little for me, but Holmes's arousal was magnetic. "She is willing to withstand any torment in perfect submission to her mistress's pleasure. Did you not feel the same this morning, when you impaled yourself on my cock?" The hand that had been curled around my waist dropped to my trouser-fronts and caressed my length. "I was neither kind nor gentle with you this morning, and yet you strove to please me, even at the cost of your own discomfort. Tell me now, did not your zealous desire to please me make my own pleasure even sweeter? Did not my own pleasure in your devotion increase your own ecstasy?"
With my permission, Holmes sat himself at my desk. He turned my chair so that he was working in his own shadow and tenderly unwrapped the fruit. When revealed, it was the size of a lime — hardly anything at all. It was difficult to believe it was worth Moriarty's life and reputation, or Holmes' own sacrifices.
It is not the end I would have chosen for Moriarty, not even after his outrages. I had looked up to him once, admired and respected him. He deserved better than this. I felt only grief and pity as I stood at the lip of that chasm, and I could almost believe the Tree to be the architect of his downfall. I know it has been the architect of mine.
Holmes drew from his jacket pocket a few pages. "It is destroyed, madam. These pages are all that remain."
And yet despite Holmes' aversion to employing ciphers in his own cause, it seemed that wonders never ceased: Holmes had deployed a cipher! Whatever he intended to convey could not be communicated through prearranged code words or oblique references to shared knowledge, his preferred methods of conveying secret messages. Furthermore, he was prepared to accept the risk of his communication being discovered.
His expression twisted into bitter disappointment, just as it had done, so many years ago, when I fumbled a question of mathematics. "I have already told you, Holmes: lies. No, don't ask me how — it's a metaphysical mystery. Perhaps you will be the one to shed light upon it, so to speak. The fruit will be ready in a day's time, perhaps two. Eat it, and you shall tell me what it revealed to you."
Jealousy flared up in me and I stepped forward to block Barley's view. "Thank you kindly for coming out," I told him, with an eye still on the door. I fished in my pocket for the fee for his services: generous enough, but surely nowhere near what he was accustomed to make from his more usual — and more illicit — lock-cracking jobs.
But I did not pause to investigate the scent, as I could hear the rustling. It came from behind Holmes' bedroom door. Stealthily, I approached and tried the handle, only to find the door locked.
"So you were," he replied, and kissed me again. "It was very charming, and more than a little gratifying. Perhaps you will find this afternoon's visit more interesting than I first feared."
"But not usefully! It is like dealing with a genie, Holmes. It will twist and evade and never give you what you want. It is selfish and concerned only with its own survival. It is always going to withhold, for fear that you will stop feeding it."
"Yes, mistress, please mistress," Susan breathed, and waggled her hips in entreaty, her nether lips cascading with her dripping lust. She dared to rub her purple and throbbing plum against the horse—but Mrs Klein either did not see or did not mind, she instead being engaged with the footman.
It was not only Holmes who seemed in thrall to the plant's fruit. Holmes wrote, not long after acquiring the tree:
I will not chronicle the details of what ensued: Holmes was not himself, and I will not violate his confidence, not even in a private and otherwise candid account; the clinical notes I have entered into his lab notebook will have to suffice on that front. He was much agitated by the drug, and paced restlessly like a caged lion. Indeed, his eyes took on a golden, leonine glow that I could not attribute entirely to the firelight. When not pacing the room, Holmes wrote madly at my desk, filling a great many sheets of foolscap. Sketches, too, fell from his pen. More than once he attempted to escape from the room, and twice I was required to coax him away from the door, lest he damage his hands on it. Sometimes he addressed me with great ferocity; other times he seemed very nearly himself, but for the nonsensicality of the exchange. But while Holmes sometimes raged — at his captivity, at my inability to answer his questions — I was never afraid for my person. In that aspect alone, he remained himself.
I must have appeared a wild man, unshaven and unslept, but Mrs Hudson had nerves of iron, else she could not have tolerated Holmes as a lodger all those years. She was surprised by my urgency, but I did not frighten her.
But there had been one thing more: a notebook, balanced on the lip of the urn. I groped for it in the dark, and when I found it, I grabbed it up and withdrew, drawing the shielding draperies closed after me. I escaped with my prize back through the dark bedroom, moving gingerly so as not to trip on tree roots, and into the light of the sitting room.
The corner of his mouth twitched, rueful. "Are you still trying to ensure I have no privacy to eat the fruit without you?"
There was no answer, and I reached for the gas. The sitting room stood empty and silent, much as it had been while Holmes lived. If an intruder had disturbed it, I could not see evidence of it, but it had, after all, been years since I last entered these rooms.
While she was gone, I put the traps out of the way in Holmes' room, then laid a fire in the sitting room hearth, perhaps the first fire the grate had seen since Holmes' death.
Fixing those remaining three was a challenge, as Marryat's code, unlike English, assigned meaning to most combinations of numerals, and meanwhile each combination was repeated many times among the various sections of the code. Nevertheless, there were only nine possible combinations to be tested for the remaining characters: a manageable problem. Much trial and error ensued, assigning possible codes and looking them up in Marryat's codebook, considering and discarding possible readings of Holmes's message. At last I settled upon the following:
"You are sent by that woman—that fiend! The one who broke his heart! You're no friend of my son!" She reached for the bell pull.
"Rats! Oh, I should never have agreed to Mr Mycroft's wishes! But he was grieving his brother, it seemed unkind to do otherwise… I'll get some traps up, but what we'll do about the chemicals, I don't know."
However nonsensical his scribblings were to me, however, Holmes seemed excited about the results. The next day, in his usual hand, after he had recovered from the trance:
"I rather believe she does," Holmes said, clearly appalled. He, too, was fully arrested by the sight of the thing; his hand had stopped moving on my member, and I daresay he had begun to soften slightly in my own grip.
I don't think that any of my adventures with Mr. Sherlock Holmes opened quite so abruptly, or so dramatically, as that which I associate with The Three Gay Bowls. I had not seen Holmes for some days, and he was in an amorous mood that morning. He had just settled me into the well-worn low armchair on one side of the fire, my legs spread wide over its arms and my bollicks hanging heavy with unspent fluid, while he curled down on the floor with my pipe engorged and smoking in his firey mouth, when our visitor arrived. To say that we both started like mad bulls would not be understating the case.
But he had pricked me, I am ashamed to say. Discomfited, I struck back. "And what lie did you tell, in exchange for your
Holmes shook his head. "You tried to warn me, but I would not listen. I had not realised how deep it had its claws in me, until I saw its claws in you. I might not have shaken off its influence for my own sake, but for yours… I am very fond of that cornflower blue, John. Gold doesn't suit you at all."
Gratitude, too, for what I owed him. But something has become twisted in him — or perhaps it was always twisted, and I was too young and naïve to see it. There is something rotten there, and I wonder that I had never known it before.
"Of course, the female canal is quite elastic," I said after a moment, having gathered my wits. As a medical man, I had rather more experience with the female body than Holmes did, so I felt competent to expand on the subject. "One only has to consider the miracle of birth, after all. It is not
will forgive me practising on him, I am sure. It is a pity I cannot bring him in on the experiment, but my lies must have some audience, and
I was rather discomfited by Holmes' proposal of a cipher, and indeed, his employing one at all. He routinely pooh-poohed the security of ciphers: most ciphers might be cracked with a little elbow grease, and those few that afforded more perfect security often required such contortions to safely pass the secret key that they were vulnerable to discovery on that front, if not in the cipher itself. Holmes routinely advised that one's safety was more perfectly secured by first presuming that any and all could read one's message and then behaving accordingly. I could not fault him in the maxim: I had cracked this cipher with a morning's work. (No second message had followed; I presumed he had predicted that I would solve his cipher.) True, I had had certain advantages: I knew the likely salutation and closing and the codebook on which the cipher was based. And yet the salutation and closing were not so obscure as to be unguessable: Holmes did not privately call me 'his little elephant,' for example. (And it was as well that he did not: beyond the assault to my dignity, Marryat's only enabled the encoding of 'elephant's teeth' and not 'elephant' itself.)
"I'll instruct the maid, but she doesn't like coming up here — she thinks these rooms are haunted. I don't trust that man Barley, though."
I was unable to explain, even to myself, the tumult of everything I felt: my chagrin at being used, my sympathy for his pain, my pity for his decision to endure his trials alone. And above all, nearly drowning the rest: my profound relief to have him returned to me. "You had your reasons."
"A sailor who possibly blackmailed my grandfather, and my father after him, yes. It would explain why the estate was so heavily mortgaged, and likewise why my father became so frightened after my grandfather's death: the blackmailer turned his attentions from my deceased grandfather to his only living son. It might explain my father's disappearance, also. Perhaps my father went to meet his blackmailer, either to buy him off or to acquire his proof and make it right. Pah! This is all conjecture. As neat as the theory is, I can no more prove this line of inquiry than any other. If only..."
"I don't wonder. Moriarty had eyes and ears everywhere, and numerous paid assassins at his beck and call. It'd be enough to make any man paranoid, and justifiably so."
"I am a friend of them both," Holmes interjected, "as well as I may be, for they had many acquaintances in common during their time together. But it is on your son's behalf that I have come. Pray, stay your hand. I hope to prevent you from making a grave mistake."
was forced upon the rocks off the Breton coast. Nearly all hands were lost, but a few souls survived the shipwreck, Sherrinford among them, only to become guests of Napoleon.
He watched me closely in return, something haunted in his eyes. "I see you found my journal. How much have you read?"
"You are skeptical. Come, let us test the proposition. I shall tell it a lie, and when the Tree fruits, you shall test the fruit yourself."
"Thank goodness you're here, Dr Watson," she said, when she answered my knock and ushered me inside. "There's something moving about in Mr Holmes' rooms."
thereby spreading the falsehood to thousands. Yet for all his conviction of the lie's potency, and thus the potency of the resulting fruit, his vision from that fruit was no more sensible than any other. And still he chased the visions, repeatedly perjuring himself in quest of another purported truth.
The story that poured forth was one to break any parent's heart: Douglas Maberley, handsome, dashing, and the darling of London, fell into an ill-advised love affair with a woman who did not treasure him; indeed, when he offered her his hand, she repulsed him most cruelly. The experience shattered him, and when he was sent as an attache to Rome, instead of taking advantage of the break to make a fresh and healthful start, he brooded instead. He spent his time in Italy writing a book—
The next entry was dry and technical, supplemented with rough but serviceable illustrations in Holmes' own hand, documenting the appearance of a bud near the crown of the tree. In the entry after that, the bud had become a small fruit the size of a sloe berry, with a tough rind streaked green and orange. Holmes confessed to not knowing enough botany to judge whether it appeared unusually quickly, but when the fruit did not grow further, he appealed to Moriarty for advice. Moriarty's reply telegram was pasted into the notebook:
"Like you and I," I said, for Holmes and I had made a permanent residence for ourselves on that humble boulevard.
"May I present my friend and partner, Dr John Watson?" he inquired. She graciously inclined her head to me, and I bowed over her hand as he presented her to me in turn: "Mrs Isadora Klein, soon to be the Duchess of Lomond."
"That other denizen of Queer Street I mentioned this morning, Steve Dixie's mistress. But alas, we have a far more distasteful visit ahead of us first. If you could spare the time to come with me, that is?"
Not content with such improvisations, however, he threw off his dressing gown and stood above me in all his masculine splendour. His long shapely limbs, corded with lean muscle . . . his slender and sublimely sculpted torso . . . the twin carved lines of his obliques leading my eye down to the proud length of his penis, erect and weeping such ambrosial fluid that I abandoned my position in the chair to go to my knees and suckle that sweet nectar. He put his head back and moaned, full and hearty, as his hand came to stroke my hair and urge me onward. I ran my tongue under his foreskin, lapping up the musky scent of him, then swallowed him deep, his crown pushing into my hals, his hairy bollicks rubbing against my chin. I held him there as long as I might, swallowing hard around his sword in my throat, before I drew back to take a long, shuddering gasp. His lance twitched and jerked obscenely, gleaming with my spittle, and a long shiny thread connected his glans to my lower lip. It struck me that he and I were ever so connected: even when we were apart, as during that long dark time after
"And yet his association with her was well-known, especially to those who monitor matters of social scandal. Are you aware of Mr Langdale Pike? He is a receiver and transmitter of all the gossip in the metropolis, and makes a four-figure income by the paragraphs he contributes every week to the papers which cater to an inquisitive public. Be warned, should you publish, the public will become very inquisitive."
"Chemicals!" Mrs Hudson exclaimed, half in alarm and half in exasperation. She had argued many times with Holmes about his chemicals, in the years that he lived under her roof. "And the noises?"
has made me famous with his stories, and the newspapers will carry notice of my passing, I am sure, but there is no pen that will attest to the truth of my lies as well as John Watson's. If I am mourned, it will be because
But nothing is proved. The fruit's vision may be like the predictions of mediums and fortune-tellers: a vague, non-specific image that the victim, in his desire to believe, makes too much of. Would the vision have applied as well to another case, should a different problem have landed at my door yesterday? The coincidence of the snake would not be so exact, but one creature hunting two others — that is not so rare an occurrence in my profession. I must test the tree again. To that end, I have told
No, I must show discipline and not anticipate my results. I am now engaged on a case in Herefordshire, but when I have laid that to rest, I will pursue this dark ship the vision speaks of, and then we shall see what we can discover.
Mrs Hudson pursed her lips. "He's had the gas disconnected in there for years. Said it made him nervous to sleep with it, he'd seen too many murders done by gas. He boarded up the windows, too."
Susan was murmuring her love for Mrs Klein, a constant stream of adulation, as steady and unfailing as the drone in a set of pipes.
Yet Holmes did not take Moriarty's disgrace as a warning, much to my frustration. It seemed to me that Holmes ran great risks with his own reputation during his experimentation with the tree, regularly manufacturing falsehoods for its consumption.
"What else shall you need?" I asked, drawing the curtains against the daylight; the room's main light came from the fire in the grate. I felt as if I was preparing the room for a seance; I could only hope that the spirits Holmes meant to commune with were benevolent.
The shriek of voices ebbed away, like the hissing of a fast-running tide. Then there was silence, true silence, in which I could hear only my own breath and Holmes'.
A short railway journey and a shorter drive brought us to a brick and timber villa, standing in its own acre of undeveloped grassland.
It was indeed a lab notebook, one of the series that he used to keep near his chemical table. This one seemed to have been begun just for the purpose of documenting his experiments with the tree, for the first entry, dated in July of 1887, read:
"Baggage! Tramp!" Mrs Klein shouted, catching up a wide paddle made of stiff leather. She walloped Susan's bottom with a frenzy of sharp cracks. "Rubbing yourself off like a common tart! How dare you?" She applied herself to Susan's bottom with all the energy of a reciprocating engine, while Susan wailed piteously, still grinding herself on the sawhorse. "Is this how you comport yourself in front of guests?"
After she left, I ensconced myself in my customary chair before the fire, Mrs Hudson's silver coffee-pot near at hand. Holmes had once used it to spy on me as I moved about the room, and at the memory, grief rose up in me, worn and familiar. It felt almost like olden times when I had read beside the fire, waiting up for Holmes as he pursued some late-night line of inquiry.
"I already sent a note around, while you were convincing Mrs Hudson not to throw you out." Negotiations between the two had been tense, but she had eventually softened enough to permit him to remain as her lodger, even condescending to send up a fresh pot of coffee for our morning's vigil.
"Until the Tree, yes. One of the early visions helped me trace my father to Dublin. But once there, he disappeared again. It has been over thirty years, and no one now remembers one shy and awkward middle-aged Englishman, unremarkable to everyone but his children. Still, it was the first lead I had ever had in his case. Perhaps if the Tree knew this one thing about my father, it might know another. Alas, what the Tree told me was often too vague to use, and seldom provable. Perhaps a larger falsehood, one of more consequence, told to more people…
Holmes' next several entries were brief and distracted, detailing the measures he took to protect tree and household from further predation from Moriarty. By this time the tree had grown too large to be moved: Holmes was forced to defend the tree where it stood. He hired bruisers to stand guard in the street, and another to fetch and carry for Mrs Hudson inside the house. He remade his room into a fortress: the boarded-up windows and patent-lock on the door hailed from this period, only weeks before his death. Holmes had even gone so far as to nail the windows shut before boarding them over. But he refused to be thrown into a purely defensive position: as promised, Holmes set the Yard upon Moriarty, attempting to bring him to bay before the fruit ripened.
"My dear boy," he exclaimed, sinking to his knees and enfolding me in his arms. "My dear, dear boy." He kissed my face and neck, more demonstrative than he usually was after our encounters. "Forgive me for taking such liberties with you. I was quite swept away."
I hesitated, still unwilling to tell the truth. Indeed, the truth hardly seemed plausible. "Rats, I should think."
She raised her eyebrow at me, but nevertheless put the tea tray on Holmes' breakfast table. "Has he left again so soon?"
But that had been years before Holmes' death, plenty of time for the experiment to fail and the tree be cleared away as so much rubbish. The tree's photophobic properties might interest the botanists at Kew, but surely that would not have held Holmes' interest so long? I flipped ahead, scanning the dates: the entries continued for years. Perplexed, I paged back to where I had left off.
I am a creature not well-suited to patience, however. I had several times watched Holmes crack a cipher armed with only pure wit — could I do the same? The '2's were suggestive, I thought, and reminiscent of Marryat's 2nd Distinguishing Pendants — and now that the thought occurred to me, they fell in the message exactly where one might expect the proper names of merchant ships to be most useful: well-positioned for the proper names of a salutation and closing. Furthermore, 'X' very frequently led a word in the message, but was used nowhere else: might that not be another of Marryat's indicator flags, suggesting which section of Marryat's should be used? Removing those two characters left me with exactly — yes, ten distinct characters, often collected in 'words' of four characters, which fit Marryat's schema beautifully. This was Marryat's code, I felt sure of it, but put through a second cipher.
Even after the main bulk of the trunk, branches, and roots had been chopped into shorter lengths, thrust out the window, and burnt, there was still meticulous sweeping-up to be done, lest the litter of fallen leaves and axe chips caught in rugs and bedclothes ignite small fires of their own at daybreak. Bedclothes and rugs were removed from Holmes' room and hung from the line, well shaken, beaten, and wetted against accident, and the floor of Holmes' room wetted as a precaution against inflammable dust. We shook out our clothes, too, and Holmes went through my hair with meticulous care, removing any small matter that had been caught there.
Angry red weals had risen on Susan's posterior, as regular as the crossbeams of a ladder, each precisely matching the next in angle and colour. Holmes's count had been correct: there was space for just one more set of marks—presuming, of course, that Mrs Klein showed as much aesthetic sense in marking the girl's backside as she had when marking her front.
"Dr Watson," Mrs Hudson exclaimed in surprise when she answered the door to my harried ring of the bell.
It was a neat bit of logic, worthy of Holmes himself, and I congratulated myself upon it. Perhaps Holmes would return soon, now that I had published my account of his death. When he did, he would congratulate me upon my logic, too.
and myself. That happy chance permitted us to lose him at Canterbury, whereupon we continued to Newcastle and Dieppe, bringing us without further incident to Brussels.
He nudged my face back around toward our hostess and her willing victim. "Come, let us not be rude," he chastised me, although I do not think it was manners that motivated him, as he was like an iron rod against my back. He thrust himself against me as he massaged my mast; I gripped the chair arms and rocked against him in return.
Mrs Klein grinned wickedly after the footman whispered in her ear. "Do you hear that, darling? Our guests have chosen the tigers."
It was only a small lie, told to a small audience. If you wish to be impressed by the fruit, you must first tell a lie of impressive scope and audience. Eat it, and tell me what you learn.
At that, the Tree seemed to groan, the trunk twisting and tearing. In the close confines of Holmes' room, the Tree couldn't do anything so majestic as topple, but the trunk sundered and sagged, the branches around my head tilting and sinking as their support gave way. Holmes reversed his grip on the axe, and left-handed, struck from the other side, severing the last connection between roots and trunk.
"It told me the entire history of my grandfather, clearly and without equivocation. I need only a lead, something I can turn into a productive line of inquiry. The Tree is constrained to tell the truth, after all."
I have just returned from Stoke Moran in Sussex. As the vision foretold, there was a baboon and a cheetah there, and more importantly, a deadly snake. Helen Stoner had not yet crossed my door when I had the vision, so the fruit did not unlock some half-hidden knowledge already in my head — a solution that I had devised, but which had not yet percolated up from my mind's depths. The vision was indubitably new knowledge, entirely independent of me.
I ducked my head in embarassment, although there was nothing but understanding and affection in Holmes' eyes. As the air in his rooms had cleared during the night, the Tree's vapours gradually replaced by London fog, the narcotic effect passed and I became myself again, if somewhat chagrined at how easily I had fallen prey to the Tree's seductions.
"Of course not — I know how much you've sacrificed. I never meant you mustn't eat it; only don't eat it alone. Please. It's larger than any fruit you've previously had from the tree. You don't know its potency, and I fear for the dosage." I had only glimpsed the fruit in the moment before I had dowsed the lantern, but it was fully twice the size of any specimen documented in the notebook.
Again, I heard the unnerving suggestion of voices from behind the heavy drape. A shudder ran up my spine before I straightened my shoulders and reproved myself for being fanciful. Holmes was not a ghost, nor did he walk.
for safekeeping; Moriarty's men attacked me in my rooms again that same night. They were not well-disciplined: they brought an unshuttered light with them, and before the fight was half-finished, the Tree had ignited from the beams of the lantern. His henchmen fled, leaving me alone with the fire. I was able to extinguish the Tree by means of my buckets of sand — a precaution I kept at hand — my jug and basin, blankets and much stamping, but the Tree is in a sorry state. At least the main trunk was untouched; the curtain swathing the urn from light was singed but did not catch fire itself. It is a pity to see the damage to the Tree after all my hard work caring for it, but I have hope for its recovery: it was in worse state when Moriarty first brought it to me.
In that unventilated space, the cold scent from the tree bit into my throat; I felt almost dizzy with it. I made my way to the windows and pulled aside the heavy drapes to get more air, but the windows had been boarded over, exactly as Mrs Hudson had described. The tree's scent knifed deeply into my lungs, and I wondered if Holmes had been sleeping in this close, unhealthful environment before his death.
I do not require the reader to acquire his own copy of Marryat's, but reproduce the relevant lines here:
"I see," I said, much disquieted. It was a tribute to Holmes' extraordinary nature that my readers responded so to my account — never mind that they had known of his death for these two years and more. And they did know: my stories never sold better than after the news of Holmes' tragic passing reached England. Nevertheless, there was something otherworldly and fantastic about their reaction.
I was faintly amused; the mathematics tutors at school had always gone on so, entranced with their abstractions while the real world passed unnoticed around them. "And what is mathematics to me?" I asked.
I gestured at the drawing of the farmyard, resting atop the papers spread out on my desk. "And this farm is in Ireland?"
She looked relieved. "I'll have to explain to Mr Mycroft. It seems a shame to disturb Mr Holmes' things after all this time — his brother was so set upon leaving them as they were! — but all things must come to an end, I suppose."
It may seem strange that Mrs Hudson summoned me, who had not been her tenant for five years, to deal with intruders in her home. But she had never taken on new tenants after Holmes' death; indeed, Mycroft Holmes paid her not to, wishing her to maintain Holmes' rooms as they were, as a kind of memorial to his brother. It was a peculiar arrangement, but she seemed happy enough with it: in death, Sherlock Holmes was a much easier tenant than he had been in life.
What I could have done to avert that fate I did not know, but to have held in my hands the cause of Holmes' death… Even at the remove of two years, I despaired of my impotence. I had kept the box safe for him, but been utterly unable to help him in his hour of greatest need.
If the Duke was shy, it was impossible to tell: at the sound of his mistress's voice, his cock strained and danced ever the harder.
In truth, I had blown off my steam many times by then — Holmes' 'beating off' did for me alone, and caused me to join him in kind. But it was his next message that caused me overflow with tenderness and affection for him:
A fabulous creature with a tea tray had entered the room, her skirts cut so high as to show the tops of her stockings. She swayed across the floor with tiny, mincing steps, and I saw that she had no choice but to walk so, for her shoes not only had precariously tall and slender heels, but were connected by a short length of fine silver chain, which thence wound around each instep to bind her shoes to her feet. The chain's links were so delicate that she could have burst them with a single imprudent step, but she walked with a demure and infinitely patient gait. She placed the tea tray on a table near the settee; Mrs Klein indicated that we should take the roomy armchairs nearby.
"Come sit here with me, my dear boy," Holmes said to me, rearranging himself in his ample armchair so that there was space for me between his knees.
It was one of the finest corner-houses of the West End. The door was answered by a footman with a machine-like correctness—but the more I looked, the less I could be sure whether I was looking at a beautiful and beardless youth, or a handsome and slender woman in the perfectly-tailored livery of a footman, her hair cropped short around her ears. He—or perhaps she—took up our cards while we waited.
Despite the poor and depressing aspect of the exterior, the interior of the house was well-furnished, and the lady who received us was a most engaging elderly person, who bore every mark of refinement and culture.
"That's fine, that's fine," Holmes said, tucking the cheque away in his dressing gown. "Tell your mistress I'll do what I can for her."
He sighed. "Or it may be that I will never know. It may be that there is no one now alive who can shed light on the problem, and the clues that may once have been helpful have long since been destroyed by time. You've been kind enough not to dwell on the fact in your stories, but my files are swollen with cases that I never resolved to my satisfaction."
"I think I know a man who can open this," I said, "but it may take some time to find him. I hope to be back tonight, but it may be late."
She sniffed, no more charitable to his justifications now than the last time she had heard them. "And what were you doing this time?"
Holmes tenderly took the widow's hand. "Indeed, no mother should read such a document. It is best that it is relegated to the depths of obscurity, forgotten forever."
The lantern's eerie red light did little to relieve the darkness of the room, as it was almost immediately sucked up by the inky drapes at door and windows. The tree, too, seemed to eat the light, its foliage nearly as black as the drapes. I reached for a trailing branch and examined it as best as I could in the dim light. The foliage was spiky and two-lobed with an oily texture; when I brought my fingers to my nose, the sharp scent of the tree struck me forcibly. The branches themselves were covered in long, needle-like thorns, much like a barberry; they caught at my clothing and hair as I moved. Despite the darkness of the room, the leaves were plentiful, flexible and apparently healthy. How a tree should thrive so, shut up in a dark room and suffering years of neglect, I could not imagine.
I hardly knew what to think. A man who could cold-bloodedly menace and injure Mrs Hudson deserved no consideration from me, but to know that the grandiose tale of the "Napoleon of Crime" was another of Holmes' lies… And worse, not a lie driven by some high principle, but petty revenge! Not for the first time, I regretted bitterly the hold the tree had on Holmes, and the alterations it made to his character. And not just Holmes — Moriarty, too, seemed to have lost all reason under its influence.
"Yes," she admitted. "That woman sent an agent to attempt to buy Douglas's effects—to think, she tried to buy a mother's last memories of her son! When I refused to sell his effects wholesale, she tried to buy only the manuscript in particular. Of course I sat down and read it, then. Oh, how I wish I had not!"
Mrs Klein rested a soothing hand on her back. "Our guests are watching. You do not wish to embarrass me, do you?"
Mrs Klein's smile was queenly and affectionate. "If you're finished pouring, dear, come here by me."
The plan came to me fully formed as I stood at the lip of that chasm, the downrush of air tearing at me, attempting to haul me after the man I had once called a mentor and friend. I saw then what I must do and how I must do it, and I set about the execution of my plan with a workmanlike detachment. Only when I left my forged note for
both seemed excessively specific to my landlubber's eye, but perhaps they were of more use on the high seas and upon Britain's waterways than I imagined.
"The story you told Mrs Hudson about Mecca, perhaps," I suggested. "That would be readily believed, I think."
"Or the travels of Sigerson!" I said, not to be put off, but Holmes ignored me and pushed under the drape covering the door.
He was once more pacing the room when all energy suddenly passed from him. He stumbled, and I caught his arm, guiding him to the settee, where he fell into a kind of swoon. He lay insensate for some time, his pulse strong but worryingly slow. As I sat vigil, it slowed further, and further still. His breathing, too, became depressed. I was considering administering a stimulant when at last he stirred and took a deep breath.
"So you say, my sweet," Mrs Klein replied, mercilessly icy. She viciously pinched the jaws tighter, and Susan gasped, her hips bucking.
feelings through the simple expedient of asking him (and indeed, he ultimately came to me with his proposal). But this new vision is not knowledge I could have discovered for myself: I have searched long and hard for the solution to Father's mystery, with no results.
"No need to worry about Barley — I can stay here tonight, if you like. I’ll sleep on the settee." The tree had obviously been important to Holmes, and I felt strangely protective of it — now that I had discovered it, I didn't want anyone else interfering. Even as I spoke to Mrs Hudson, I could hear it whispering and calling to me, as intriguing as any of the mysteries with which Holmes had once invited me to assist.
Holmes's hand found its way into my trousers and stroked me deliciously. "What a happy little minx! Look at her, she's exactly where she wants to be."
"Napoleon, as you may recall, was not an advocate of the cartel, believing that men released to their mother countries would only take up arms again. Thus the surviving crewmen of the Scylla spent the remaining nine years of war in a French prison hulk; many among them did not survive the experience. The two officers who survived the wreck, Captain Sherrinford Holmes and Lieutenant Elias Bellamy, were spared the indignities of the hulk; they were quartered ashore, in slightly more healthful conditions, although records state that Lieutenant Bellamy — originally third of the Scylla, but now acting first by dint of his two seniors drowning — enjoyed his promotion for only a month, before succumbing to an infection arising from the amputation of his leg, which had been crushed when Scylla foundered.
"It isn't people," she said, coming after me. "I've heard no footsteps. But there's something moving in there, and has been all day."
The scent of those shut-up rooms, however, was distinctive and new. I had expected must and damp, or perhaps the distinctive aroma of Holmes' tenure in Baker Street, chemical reagents and shag tobacco. Instead, a cold, medicinal scent filled the room. It reminded me of mint or wintergreen, while not being so pleasant as either.
Even as the girl howled for mercy, she was wagging her bottom for her mistress, inviting more abuse to rain upon it.
"Yes, let's," I said without hesitation, and Holmes agreed. Hastily packing away our softening pricks, we followed the footman.
Nevertheless, I was unable to conceal my distaste for the proposition when, having dressed and shaved, I withdrew the fruit from my safe. The Tree had caused such pain. Holmes had given up his integrity and friends for it; Moriarty, his reputation, character, and life. I was not convinced that there was a good that was worth such sacrifices; I was even less convinced that the fruit could deliver it.
He pursed his lips, drawn into the old argument. "That was necessary. I was laying a trap for a poisoner."
The door had flown open, and an enormous mannish woman stepped inside, her hair cropped tight to her skull and her dark skin set off by her fashionably loud gray check suit and salmon-coloured tie. "Oh ho!" she cried, as my purple prick popped from between Holmes' lips and pinged against my thigh, "I've caught you at it, I see! Which of you gentlemen is Mister Holmes?"
has a wife and could not travel with me forever. She, too, deserves his loyalty, and has far more honest claim upon it than I. I arranged the meeting with Moriarty, and to facilitate the privacy of our conversation, I further arranged a distraction for
"That's Mr Holmes' own lock, installed before he died," Mrs Hudson said quietly. "And the key lost with him. I've asked Mr Mycroft about replacing it, but he's refused to give his permission. He is very strict that I touch nothing in these rooms. I'm not even to dust in here, nor air them out. You'd think he'd want them kept nice in memory of his brother."
"None of that," her mistress scolded. "You claim to love me; I shall not make it easy for you to prove it."
Holmes lifted each pair from their bed and meditatively tested the spring of its jaws. "What do you think of this one, Watson?" he asked, when he had found the stiffest, and asking me to give him my finger, closed the tiger's jaws on the tip. The spring inside gave the device a crushing grip, the points of the teeth biting abominably. I winced.
"You'll sleep better with an assurance. I've wronged you, Watson, wronged you and abused your faith in me, and it's only fair that you should expect a security from me now."
Inky darkness filled Holmes' room, unrelieved by even the light of the gas lamps in the street: Holmes had covered the windows with heavy drapes like those at the doorway. I tried to push the door's curtain back to let in more light, but it was doubled back and heavily weighted, and resisted my efforts. I struck out blindly for the gas fixture by the door; suspended, flexible obstructions — leaves, they felt like, but how could they be leaves? — brushed at my face and arm. When I tried to step out, I stumbled on something. I found the gas fixture, but although the flint sparked when I turned the knob, there was no answering hiss of gas: the plumbing was disconnected. Thwarted, I fumbled my way back to the door and shoved past the drape into the light.
"Then let her pay. She is still willing to buy your son's manuscript, and pay dearly for it besides."
"The Three Gables," Holmes announced, surveying the place; indeed, three small projections above the upper windows made a feeble attempt to justify the name. "It was a merry chase that led me here! My client asked that I track down and acquire for her a certain manuscript, a cruel and scurrilous document that would thoroughly defame her reputation, should it become public. I went to Rome to negotiate with its author, but he predeceased me and the manuscript slipped through my grasp. I have tracked it here, where it was sent with the rest of his effects. I hope to intercept it before its current owner does anything so rash as to send it on to a publisher."
"The Tree is gone, John," he said, when I hesitated. "I can't promise to give over my deceptive ways entirely — as you pointed out last night, they are entirely too useful in the pursuit of a case. But you may be assured that I shall not be looking for opportunities to practise upon you, and that if I do, it is for the good of the case and no other reason."
Sitting up, I poured the coffee that he had left on my bedside table. It was hot and fragrant, and did much to clear my head. The sandwiches were merely thick slabs of meat between rough slices of bread; I took one, and be damned to the crumbs among my sheets. "Have you eaten?"
Her lips pursed. "That is no kind of explanation at all, Mr Holmes." Nevertheless, Holmes had impressed on her the urgency of the situation, and she worked beside us before going down to the garden to rake the branches away from the walls. Once she had a goodly pile, she lit a bonfire — a safer alternative, we felt, to letting the entire pile spontaneously combust when daylight struck it. Once lit, the branches burnt with an unnatural intensity. I shuddered to think what might have happened to Baker Street if Holmes' precautions against the light had failed at any point during his two-year absence.
would still be at my side, determinedly guarding my flank as we crossed and criss-crossed Europe. But I could not permit that:
When at last I pulled away, Holmes' own face was wet. He did not seem embarrassed, however, and only searched my face with concern.
She gaped up at him. "You're alive," she said, and without further preamble burst into tears. He drew her into his arms and held her close; for all she had endured as his landlady, there had always been affection between them.
"Exquisite work," Holmes complimented her. "I've never seen edged tools more skilfully handled than in your mistress's dainty hands."
And there was the hitch. My first message had been rude, but not indiscreet: at worst, someone might think me less a gentleman should he read it with the appropriate nudge and snicker. But Holmes' message was somewhat less discreet than mine. I knew how I was inclined to read his message — and what conversation I thought he was inviting me to have — but Holmes had a horror of blackmailers; he had never tolerated our putting in print anything that even hinted at the full extent of what we were to each other.
"The Holmeses are a line of staid country squires in Lancashire, as unremarkable as they are respectable, with a custom of sending their younger sons to sea. Sherrinford Holmes was one such younger son, and had the honour of serving the Crown in its fight against the French Republic. Sherrinford distinguished himself favourably in that war, rising to the rank of captain by the time the Peace of Amiens was signed. During that peace, he married my grandmother, the daughter of the Portsmouth harbour master, but they had only a few weeks together before he was called again, this time to the fight against French tyranny.
Holmes seemed unmoved, but the revelation — provided he believed it — must have been a terrible blow. "I'm sorry, Holmes."
As for the Tree, its destruction has prevented science from solving the mystery of its metaphysical properties — although if the Tree is a descendant of the original Tree, as I feel it must be, then knowledge of it has been forbidden since the Beginning. Certainly I doubt that the worthy gentlemen at Kew would fare any better against the Tree's seductions than Holmes and I. Nevertheless, I sometimes wonder if Holmes regrets his rashness in destroying the
Susan went to the settee, and positioning herself between Mrs Klein and the Duke, gracefully lowered herself to her knees: a feat of control and strength as great as any acrobat's, given that she could not move one foot more than eight inches away from the other. Once she was settled at her mistress's feet, Mrs Klein reached out and stroked her hair, and Susan bent her head to the touch.
"That was Steve Dixie. She is a dangerous woman, but rather more to the fair sex than to you or I. She is one of those women who have overshot her true generation. She should have been a buck in the days of the Regency—a boxer, an athlete, a plunger on the turf, a lover of fair ladies, and so far down Queer Street that she will never find her way back again."
"Nevertheless," I said. I touched his hand in sympathy, and he turned his to briefly return the touch.
"The Tree, having its little joke." Holmes rifled the papers again, and this time drew forth the picture of the two Naval officers, so similar in appearance. "Alike, are they not? When I was investigating Captain Sherrinford Holmes' naval career, that was something one powder boy, then liver-spotted with age, remembered distinctly: how alike the captain and his third lieutenant were. Everyone said my grandfather was hardly the same man when he returned from the war. They may have been more right than they knew."
A few short minutes later we were shown into an Arabian Nights drawing-room, vast and wonderful. In the half-gloom, an occasional pink electric light picked out some suggestive
I have no other explanation for the sound that seemed to rend the room. Or more accurately, the absence of sound: as ever, the Tree's voices were just beyond my hearing. I rushed to the bedroom door as the Tree again cried out, an agonising shriek that made my flesh crawl. From within, I could hear the steady thunk of an axe on wood, but when I pushed back the curtain into the room I could see only the shudder and trembling of the branches that filled the room. Foliage rained around me. Holmes himself was not to be seen, hidden behind the curtain that shrouded the Tree's urn.
But Mrs Klein had noticed the maneuver as well. "Susan," she warned. "Do you want me to remove those?"
"Not unless there is another water source. A cistern, a brook, a second well — perhaps one newly dug after this one was poisoned. That will be something to look for: a new well commissioned after the previous one unexpectedly failed, or a farm that became suddenly untenanted thirty years ago. Perhaps one that was originally tenanted by a sailor who was in His Majesty's service during the wars against Napoleon."
Moriarty came to see me last night, carrying a large ceramic urn half-hidden under a bag. He claimed that it contained a great scientific curiosity, one that would interest me very much: a descendent of the original Tree of Knowledge. When properly fed and cared for, he said, the tree produces a fruit — citrus, in flagrant disregard of Biblical tradition — which, when eaten, reveals a Truth near to the ingester's heart. I scoffed, but Moriarty was quite earnest in his claims. I might have charged him with opium-eating — he indeed had that yellow, wasted look of fellows who spend too much time dreaming of the Lotus — but his conversation was as clear and sharp as ever, despite all his fanciful talk.
"It doesn't matter what I like. You sacrificed two and a half years of your life to harvest this fruit. I'm not about to stand in your way."
I consented to his plan, and he, leaving his scrapbooks strewn across the floor, stood and went to change. I penned these final lines, and the aspidistra soaked up every scrap of daylight that London skies could give it.
The compulsion to lie, to conceal the presence of the tree running amok in Holmes' bedroom, was as strong as before, although at the time I did not wonder at it. "I have his lab notebook here — it will help me know what needs to be done about his chemicals. But it's really not safe until then — you must keep everyone out."
I was touched by his tone of despair. I considered the drawing carefully: there was little to distinguish this particular stone-and-thatch outbuilding from any other, nor the well that stood before it, and yet the scene was detailed enough that I might recognise it, were I to see it in person. Assuming the farm even existed, and was not a fever dream of his own creation.
will stand guard against Moriarty's interference while I ingest the fruit and dream. I will have my vision. I will learn Father's fate for once and for all, and that will be the end of it.
"It's more foul than I remembered," he said, but made himself eat the second portion, a little more stoically than the first. Then he settled back in my chair, his fingers steepled before his face.
A grey dawn was rising beyond the sitting room windows, washing out the yellow of the street lamps. My coffee-pot was cold; I poured anyway and discovered that it contained only a sad, gritty mud. I stood to instead pour myself a brandy from Holmes' tantalus, my shaking hand unerringly searching out the key from its customary place. As I poured, I was keenly aware that I was making free with the property of a man who still lived. But Holmes had never begrudged me a drink while he lived. He lived now; ergo, he would not begrudge me a brandy now, either.
Moriarty was gone, and the fruit with him. With the loss of both, Father's fate seemed as unknowable as ever. My lie about Moriarty's empire of evil was nearly unconscionable in its effect: it might well have contributed to the man’s death. My soul trembled with the lie's weight, and I could not bring myself to orchestrate another such. I could not continue to play with the fates of other men, deserving or not. I have only one thing I may honestly bargain with: myself. If I am to be the benefactor of my lies, then I must bear the cost of them myself.
"No, it was specifically Marryat I wanted, thank you," I replied, and hefting it admiringly, I paid for my purchases.
"Or to scuttle her marriage to the Duke. His Grace’s ma might overlook the age, but a big scandal would be a different matter, so it became imperative— Ah! here we are.”
"And I'll fetch the rat traps," she said. She whisked out of the room, and once again I faced the dark curtain across Holmes' doorway.
"Indeed," he said, drawing me back to my armchair and seating me again. "And now that she has paid us her visit, you and I have business later today on behalf of another resident of Queer Street. But first, if you would be so good as to oblige me—" Here he drew my legs over the chair's arms again. "I have other business to attend to."
"Yes," I hastened to agree. "We are very sorry, but we have an urgent appointment. Matter of life and death. Cannot possibly be avoided."
He squeezed my hand. "Do not concern yourself. It'll pass off, soon enough. Here, you may take my pulse, if you wish. There, see? All is well."
"You may have guessed that my account of my first meeting with Douglas Maberley was somewhat bowdlerised. Notwithstanding our mutually pleasurable encounter, he was not entirely like you and I—he enjoyed the touch of women as well as men. But in Maberley's case, it was not the attention of the so-called gentle sex he craved—oh no, he preferred the ‘belle dame sans merci’. He was never happier than when experiencing agonies at the hand of a beautiful woman.
was much confused by my insistence on the point. "We've shared a bed before, Holmes; why are you making such a fuss now about sharing a room?" I had no answer for him, and we ultimately were forced to share a double-bedded room, giving me no privacy whatsoever.
was the fruit of the Tree, as opposed to its food. I asked him what great truth had been revealed to him for the price of his reputation, and had it been worth the cost? He did not answer, but said that he was well-satisfied.
"The Tree spoke of my grandfather, not my father." He turned the stack of pages over again, and fanning them out, plucked out the picture of the farmyard. "Except this one." He touched the stone well in the foreground, with its winch and bucket. "My father's resting place. How am I meant to find one farmyard in all of Ireland?"
I am seldom shy, but a surprise visit such as that one can take the starch out of even such a randy buck as me. But Holmes felt no reserve, and resumed fondling my bollicks with his exquisitely sensitive fingers. He took me into mouth again and played such ecstatic melodies on my flute that soon I could only cling to the chairback and moan in contrapuntal harmony.
But I indeed remembered the box he had entrusted to me: three inches square, well wrapped in paper, and secured with wax and string — it had made little impression on me at the time. I had not included it in my account of the day because it had not seemed to fit into the narrative — as indeed it had not, for the narrative Holmes had given me was a false one. Holmes used to scold me for my habit of dismissing the pieces of the story that did not fit — would that I had heeded his teachings on that occasion! He had pressed the box into my hands and enjoined me most earnestly to keep it on my person. On no account was I to pack it in my luggage — in retrospect, he had planned even then for us to disembark in Canterbury and abandon our luggage to Paris. He had reclaimed the box from me in Newcastle while we waited for the boat to Dieppe, and I never saw it again. Little had I known its importance. That small, unprepossessing box was the entire reason we had fled to the Continent. Indeed, it was the reason Holmes had died.
and set it loose upon the world, may I be forgiven for it. Unfortunately, it is a fabrication which I fear will cause my friends more grief than any merely academic hoax that Moriarty perpetrated. If I am judged as harshly as Moriarty was, or as my father was for his own alleged crimes, then it will be no more than I deserve.
I interrupted Barley at his dinner, but when I mentioned Holmes' name he was happy enough to come away; it was warming to know that even now, years after Holmes' death, there was still such affection for his memory. However, Barley faltered when, upon arriving at Baker Street, he learned that the object of his efforts was to be Holmes' own bedroom door.
Holmes had been an amateur cracksman himself, but had learned the art from and sometimes consulted with a professional named Jack Barley, whom I had met twice. I had only the dimmest notion of where to find him, but happily, a remnant of Holmes' Irregulars still lurked about Baker Street. I approached them, and after offering them a coin for the information, discovered that they knew where Barley could be found.
"But come, Mr Holmes, please do tell us how you prevailed," she said. "I am sure the Duke will be most interested to hear how his future happiness was preserved."
"It was the one good thing to come of that day," I agreed. At least Holmes' death had not been in vain. I had lit a lamp while we talked; now gripping it in one hand and my poker in the other, I turned to shove my way past the curtain again. "Best stay here until I find out what's on the other side of this curtain."
"After I learned my profession, I returned to my ancestral home, still managed by Cousin Merritt, to discover what I could, now that I had a man's skill and knowledge. I consulted with Mycroft on what he had discovered at the time, reinterviewed the servants who still served at the Hall, and made new inquiries in the village. I searched in Liverpool and, when that proved useless, I investigated the facts of Sherrinford's service, imprisonment, and court martial, hypothesising that my grandfather's death had precipitated some sequence of events that led to my father's disappearance. Unfortunately, some fifteen years had passed — and forty-five years since Grandfather's naval service — so there was little new evidence to be gained. Everyone connected to my father had formulated his own theory of what had happened and twisted half-remembered facts to suit his own narrative. The men who had served with my grandfather had mostly perished with the Scylla, and those who had not were now old men who remembered Sherrinford Holmes as a fine and upright man, without a professional shadow to his name until the day he lost the Scylla. Perhaps if I had been a man grown into my full powers at the time my father disappeared I could have discovered something. But at such a remove, it was impossible.
"Now, Watson, we are on the last lap of our journey," Holmes said when we had quit Three Gables. We had taken a cab and were speeding to some address in Grosvenor Square. "A telegram would suffice, but I find myself keen to introduce you to so interesting a lady as Isadora Klein. I suppose you see it all clearly?"
The strain was starting to tell on the poor miss. She trembled, she quivered, she shivered, but in accordance with her mistress's orders, she did not fidget. It was a touching show of devotion, and even I, who took no intrinsic pleasure in Mrs Klein's wielding of the rod, found Susan's display inspiring. I worked Holmes's drooling penis in my hand, while he clutched me in excited fervor.
The roots and branches seemed to emanate from a screened shape in the corner, heavily draped as a secondary prophylactic against any light leaking from the door or windows. Closing the lantern's shade almost completely, I made my way past the clinging vines and pulled the drape aside.
To my amazement, the light revealed the room criss-crossed by gnarled roots and branches, quietly stirring, as if in a breeze. The nearest foliage shrank back from the light of the lantern, the leaves hissing and curling as the rays struck them. I held the lamp aloft to see better, but the action was badly judged: the nearest leaves emitted small wisps of smoke, and seconds later, ignited into flame.
My sacrifice has borne fruit, if I may be permitted the jest: the Tree has deemed my offering worthy (but how? the question continues to perplex!) for it has both grown prodigiously and produced a new fruit, fully double the size of any previous. The Tree now threatens to burst from my wardrobe; I shall have to make over this room into a darkroom, so that it may have space to grow unthreatened by the light. This newest fruit is the size and shape of a kumquat, oblong, 2.3 cm in length, 1.2 cm in width, and 6.5 cm in girth around its longest axis. It must be juicier than its predecessors as well, for it is 2.4 g in weight, although that might be accounted for by its larger shape, having a proportionally greater interior volume than rind. Ingestion at ten-thirty p.m.
No? It is my masterwork, Holmes, detailing a new branch of mathematics, beyond the reach of all but the finest European mathematicians. That is what the tree has given me: the greatest mathematical truths, the original language of Creation!"
"The second war did not go as well as the first: in 1805, after a courageous duel in which she sank a French ship of the line, the
I ached for a young boy's loss of a beloved father. "And that's why you became a detective?" I asked. "To investigate your father's disappearance?"
"Unfortunately, Moriarty also wanted a more potent fruit, and having destroyed his own reputation, needed me to cultivate it for him. I had first met him at university, where he had been one of my tutors. Most of my professors knew of nothing outside their own narrow disciplines, but Moriarty had a keenly attentive mind that I recognised as being much like my own. When I was frustrated and despondent while re-investigating my father's death, he became a friend, a source of comfort and good advice. The change in him since then was remarkable. The man who set his thug upon Mrs Hudson, and whom I met in Switzerland… He was so unlike the Moriarty I had known that I barely recognised him at all.
"There's coffee and sandwiches," Holmes said, still looking out the window. There was a taut, nervous energy to his figure, for all its stillness. "The sandwiches are rudimentary, but they were the best I could manage from your larder."
She did, and I saw the marks were as they had first appeared: an intricate pattern of long and fine scabs, deeper and neater than scratches, although not compromising the integrity of the epidermis—they might have been cut with a scalpel. I did not know what to make of such savagery, if savagery it could be called: the cuts had been executed with all the skill of a surgeon, uniform in depth and carefully placed, their pattern as symmetric and deliberately constructed as the best lace. My confusion must have been apparent.
I drew away to look at him again, my hands gripping tightly at his threadbare and battered coat. It struck me again that he was too thin, his skin drawn tight over the bones of his face. He had not been taking care of himself, wherever he had been. I touched his cheek, his jaw, tracing the features I knew so well, but had thought never to see again, and wondered at the miracle of having him there before me.
Anticipating his answer, I had idly browsed Marryat's between my telegram and his, noting with some amusement possible innuendos and useful phrases. I replied:
"Dear god," I said, once we were in the safety of a hansom cab. "That thing was enough to give a man a complex!"
It appeared that I was a recurring topic of interest in his visions, but Holmes seemed determined not to speak of them, and I resigned myself to their remaining a mystery.
After he left, I doused the gas and removed the plant from the armoire again so that I might examine it. It is, as I have said, a sickly thing; it could ill spare the leaf I had burnt. It bore long spines, but no fruit, nor blossoms nor buds. I could not see how it could support fruiting at all, let alone in two days' time.
Holmes stirred the papers on my desk, and drew forth the crude sketch of the fledgling in the nest. "Do you recognise this? No, I do not think you robbed birds' nests as a child. It is a cuckoo. A gowk, as we called them as children."
"None in the kitchen, and that's where you'd think they would be," she answered. "It's whispering, too, not just movement. Or I keep thinking it's whispering, but it doesn't seem to be voices, either."
He brought back with him an astonishingly large ivory dildo. In an experience that spans many nations and three separate continents, I have been fortunate enough to see many impressive penises—indeed, many of them were world-class—but never have I seen any male member the size of the behemoth before me. In my medical estimation, I do not believe it is possible for a mortal human man to bear an organ of such gargantuan dimensions; he should pass out from a lack of blood to the brain. Mrs Klein and her ivory tool were not hampered by such mortal limits, however; she evidently intended to wield the elephantine organ as if it was her own. 'Magnus' was affixed with a sturdy harness, and the footman, taking advantage of a clever parting in Mrs Klein's skirts, helped her don the colossus, kneeling at her feet to tighten its buckles and straps. When they had finished, the Brobdingnagian device thrust out from her skirts in a most terrifying manner.
It was shame that stopped me — shame over the lies I told him, shame over the times I made him an unwitting accomplice to my schemes.
Why the publication of the final story should have taken me so profoundly, more than even the act of penning it and sending it to my publisher, I do not know. Perhaps I fancied that while Holmes still lived in the
I was taken by surprise, and I regret I was overly curt with him. "That won't be necessary, thank you," I snapped. There was something obscenely theatrical about wearing fresh mourning for Holmes, as if I had not been grieving him quietly for years.
Tears streaked poor Susan's face as she hiccuped her love for her mistress. The gold chain swung heavily from her breasts, mercilessly tugging at her abused nipples, while her bottom glowed like a hot stove. Mrs Klein drew her nail across that tender, abused skin, and Susan hissed and thrust out her rear for more maltreatment. Beneath, her clam glistened and twitched, opening and closing its thirsty mouth. The girl's clitoris was swollen to the size of a thumb and purple with blood, yet Mrs Klein still refused to give it succor.
I was aghast and confused by these revelations, but they explained much about Holmes' behaviour on that trip. We never did procure a suite in Brussels, although Holmes had tried to insist upon one. After our fifth hôtel I had put my foot down, and Holmes reluctantly settled for a double-bedded room. Had he found time to ingest his fruit later, that week we spent crossing the Continent? I could not recall an opportunity for it; perhaps the fruit, like Holmes and Moriarty themselves, lay at the bottom of the Reichenbach Falls.
published the story that should give it potency. Unfortunately, I had foolishly told Moriarty so in a letter, falsely believing him a fellow scientist. Within twenty-four hours of my writing, the fruit was stolen.
as I changed a date or name to protect myself from the inconvenience of a defamation suit. Lies I had told plentifully, without reservation or remorse.
I caught only the barest glimpse before the delicate fronds began shivering and withering; I was forced to close the lantern's shutter entirely to protect the tree that grew inside the drape. But I had seen a little before the darkness rushed in: a large ceramic urn, from which grew a gnarled trunk and numerous branches, which escaped the screening drapes and reached out into the room. I had glimpsed a fruit, too, the size and texture of a small lime, its flesh streaked light and dark, its color otherwise impossible to discern in the red glow of the lantern.
He enjoined me to douse the light, claiming that even strong gaslight damages the tree's delicate tissues. Enough light filtered in from the street beyond the curtains that I could still see what he was about. He removed the bag to reveal a sickly little sapling, more anemic shrub than tree. Motioning me well back, he leaned down and whispered to it — what, I could not hear, although he looked at me slyly as he did so. I distinctly heard the plant's foliage rustle in response, a dry whisper of sound, like a snake in tall grass, although I could not see how he caused the plant to produce it. The curtains did not flutter; it was not a breeze passing through the windows that made the plant move so.
"I hardly know how to thank you," Mrs Klein said to Holmes, and he waved away the necessity of gratitude or repayment. "Nevertheless," she insisted, "perhaps you would enjoy a performance? Your friend has been making eyes at His Grace, but I regret that Ned is reluctant to perform for strangers, a peccadillo that I choose to indulge him in—for now."
"I do not regret it," Holmes said from where he sat cross-legged on the floor in a square of morning sunshine, pasting newspaper articles into his scrapbook as I wrote at my desk. I looked up in consternation.
"Perfectly," I said, bewildered by what he had just done. "But the Tree, and your quest for your father!"
So saying, and using his axe like a machete, he fought his way through the sagging branches to the windows and began pulling down their curtains. When he had the first window clear, he used the axe to prise away the boards. The sash would not open, however, being nailed shut, and so warning me to cover my eyes, Holmes used the axe-head to break the glass, systematically knocking away the jagged shards at the edges of the frame.
"I had intended to harvest the fruit tomorrow night, after more of your readership had a chance to read your story, but then Mycroft sent for me, saying Mrs Hudson had become inquisitive about noises in my rooms, and I became concerned for the fruit's safety. I've been across the street all night, watching you read in the window, waiting for a moment when I could steal in and retrieve the fruit."
written as if I were a true friend to him and not the liar I am, did my composure threaten to break. I wished to confess all and beg his forgiveness, but how can one apologise for what one does knowingly and with full intent, without regard to the pain one knows one will cause?
I shall have the Yard down on him and his petty fiefdom in revenge for laying hands on Mrs Hudson; he shall bitterly regret his man touching her. But the harm is not only to her: he owes me a fruit as well. I shall take it from him personally, and tell such a story about him and the extent of his evil as to sufficiently feed the Tree.
"I know I don't deserve your trust," Holmes said. "Not after what has passed. But I should like the chance to earn it, if you can find the charity to permit me the opportunity."
"Monstrous things happen in war," Holmes replied. "Bellamy came from a family of no money and no consequence, and was without patronage. Even during war, he had little chance of promotion, and none as a prisoner of Napoleon. Yet in one swift moment of deception, he attains a captain's rank and a squirehood in Lancashire, if only he can survive his imprisonment to enjoy them both. However monstrous the deception might be, it was entirely possible."
made the most extraordinary proposition; indeed, I had not believed it possible when the Tree foretold it. I presumed that I misunderstood his proposal, my faculties corrupted by the wicked whisperings of the Tree, but
The door to our former rooms was locked; I applied my ear to the keyhole and listened. I heard nothing, but I had not been quiet coming up the stairs; I had likely frightened the occupants into silence. I stood aside and let Mrs Hudson wield the key, then motioned for her to stand back.
"A gift for five years of loyal and dedicated service," Mrs Klein said. "Susan was very good, and held scrupulously still for me. I could not have asked for better."
I turned, embarrassed at having been caught shouting at a locked door. "Quite all right, Mrs Hudson."
"I do not wish to make this more painful for you, but they are depravities in which your son willingly, even joyfully participated. If you publish, all the world will know that, too."
"You show it very well, my darling," Mrs Klein replied, a statement that made Susan bloom with pleasure—only for her to seize in agony when the next stroke landed. Eight strokes, just as Holmes had predicted: there was no room for another.
The day was a strange one. My patients were of course more interested in their own maladies than in mine, but several offered condolences on Holmes' death. I accepted them with all the grace I could muster. Holmes' death was not a new grief, but at least I was not alone in my feeling that, with the publication of "The Final Problem", something momentous had occurred.
He kissed me, so hard as to take my breath away. "No need, my boy. I feel too tenderly towards you to be so cruel."
It was a strange tea party, two of its members kneeling on the floor and taking no tea at all. Holmes comported himself with perfect aplomb, telling the story of his attempt to recover Maberley's manuscript in Rome, his being foiled by Maberley's unfortunate death, and his subsequent negotiations with the man's mother. I listened with attention, but my eyes were quite occupied with the Duke's handsome and tortured form. He was decorative indeed: his broad chest and well-muscled shoulders proclaimed him a paragon of English masculinity, and he was further blessed with a remarkable penis. Its proportions were admittedly rather modest, but it was animated by an unflagging energy—it was almost unnatural how hard his prick stood, and with so little encouragement. It bobbed, it wept, it strained to be touched. No one paid it the least attention, and yet it strove on, ever hopeful. I was quite entranced.
"And I you. Come now, be so good as to tell me why I have just volunteered to traipse all over Ireland with you."
"Forgive me, I forgot you shall want a practical demonstration." Removing my dressing gown from the doors again, he stood aside and instructed me to pluck a leaf from the tree. I did so: the foliage was leathery and oily, and pungently aromatic. He carefully shut the cupboard doors again, replacing the draped gown over the crack between them. "Now light the gas."
Mrs Maberley did not seem to find anything untoward about Holmes' speech, but I cut Holmes a sharp look, suspecting that Holmes had known this 'magnificent' Douglas Maberley rather more intimately than his mother knew.
"Your Grace," Holmes murmured to the bound and kneeling man. I saw the Duke of Lomond, if indeed the man was he, was bitted as well as blindfolded; he made no effort to reply.
The grey dawn barely penetrated the recesses of the shed, but I found the axe. I caught it up and reversed my steps, taking the stairs to Holmes' rooms two at a time in my eagerness to revenge myself upon the Tree.
Eventually Holmes pulled back the covers and got in, sliding to the far side of the bed; I followed after. I ended up not on my usual side of the bed, and I wondered if observation had for once failed Holmes, or if he had simply not thought to care. He lay back on my pillow, staring at the ceiling as if he planned to lie awake, thinking.
He sighed, and folded himself into my desk chair. I poured him a fresh cup of tea, still warm from under its cosy, and he took it gratefully, breathing its steam while he gathered his thoughts.
Holmes seemed to have followed Moriarty's advice, but without enthusiasm; the next several entries were purely chemical in nature, Holmes attempting to isolate the compounds that made the leaves ignite when struck by light.
"It was a reward, sir," Susan said, pride in her voice. "For particularly pleasing my mistress. Is it not beautifully done?"
I had thought to negotiate a truce with Moriarty, some compromise wherein we would both receive a portion of the fruit…
I received Holmes' letter one bitter April morning when the promise of spring seemed cold and false. Sherlock Holmes had been away on the Continent a fortnight already, and I missed him sorely. I smiled to find that he had been thinking of me — Marryat is a favourite author of mine, and his novels did not deserve to be banished to the nursery. Nevertheless I was concerned to learn that Holmes was so tried by the case. I had no doubt that his sense of duty to Queen and country was sufficiently keen that he would stick the case through, but while he was on the one hand capable of the most painstaking and rigorous attention to arcane details that would numb even the most ardent investigators, he was also woefully susceptible to boredom, when in want of something to tax his skills. I found his grandiose farewell somewhat troubling — not that I feared he would fall on his sword, like Antony's beloved friend Eros, but it yet signalled a somewhat flamboyant desperation, and perhaps even a willingness to do himself mischief in the hope of alleviating it. Cocaine, after all, was as accessible on the Continent as it was here in London.
"Then you know me less well than you should. Holmes, I would never have stood between you and the solution to your father's mystery, whatever it is you're questing to solve."
"I'll deal with the chemicals," I reassured her. "You must keep everyone out until then. Meanwhile, I want to muffle this lamp, something to dim its light."
So it has proved in the case of Holmes' father's disappearance, insofar as can yet be known. Holmes has concentrated his efforts on tracking down the naval acquaintances of Sherrinford Holmes and Elias Bellamy in the hopes that one will lead us to a farmyard in Ireland. It has been frustrating and unrewarding work, given that the principals are all dead of war or old age, and our only informants are descendants, journals, and the yellowed and dusty pages of the Naval Chronicle. I assist where and how I can. However frustrating the effort, we have not given up hope: after all, we have not yet attempted the stratagem of knocking on every farmhouse door in Ireland.
Arrived home late last night to find the street door forced and Mrs Hudson, that usually stalwart lady, hysterical. Much to my dismay and rage, she was injured as well as frightened; it was a little time before she calmed sufficiently that I was able to have the story from her. Burglars had entered Baker Street, and Mrs Hudson had the misfortune of interrupting them on the way to my rooms. She, showing more courage than was perhaps wise, set up a cry of alarm, but instead of fleeing, as any respectable burglars should have done, they rushed Mrs Hudson, laid hands on her, and silenced her by main force. The older, more dominant man of the two proceeded up the stairs on his own, while the brute of the pair continued to menace my household. Fortunately the foray upstairs was brief — the thief knew exactly what he wanted and where to find it — and after he had secured his prize, they escaped into the night.
