Sherlock, when honest with himself, knew he was a bit Not Good for John Watson.  He had caused the doctor years of grief and pain, and his marriage and child were a direct result of Sherlock’s actions.  After days of careful consideration, Sherlock had determined that he had relinquished any rights he may have had to John, and he was determined to encourage his best friend to return to his marriage and save his family.  Even if that meant doing something that would remove Sherlock from their lives, forever.  Obviously, it wouldn’t be the first time he had done something to save John, something that was of great personal cost to himself.
Standing on the tarmac, looking into those piercing blue eyes for the final time, Sherlock wanted nothing more than to confess to John, to show him Fate’s mark, to express his sentiment before he lost any ability to speak.  But he wanted his final image of John’s face to be one of humor, so he could dream of his favorite smile as he drifted off into his planned drug-induced coma.
His best friend, Sherlock Holmes, died, six months ago.  The void left behind by the loss of the most brilliant, beautiful, amazing person John had ever known was deeper than could be guessed by anyone.
Being adept at emotions, Sherlock maintained his cool aloofness in an effort to remain detached.  But he quickly realized, between a pink case, a drugs bust, and a murderous cabbie, that this man, this ‘John’, was far from usual.  He was unruffled by Sherlock’s deductions, by his brash nature.  He wasn’t scared off by Sherlock’s loud and fast lifestyle.
Now, sitting in his dingy flat, a bottle of cheap whiskey at his feet and a half-full tumbler in his hand, John honestly could care less that Fate did not expect him to be alone, that “William” was still out there.  If he couldn’t have Sherlock, he didn’t want anyone.
Sherlock exited the shower and glanced into the full length mirror hanging precariously on the back of the bathroom door.  His eyes rested on the reverse image of the blocky letters etched into his skin, and his hand ghosted over the name of its own accord.  The letters were small but sturdy, requiring attention despite their slight stature; so much like the man to whom they represented.  A small smile played on Sherlock’s lips as he thought of his blogger, his best friend, his other half.
Sherlock, however, knew exactly what fate awaited him at the end of his flight, but he could not bring himself to regret his actions.  He had known that Charles Augustus Magnussen was a vile excuse for a human being, and his being a threat to John’s wife, and by extension, his child, was not a possibility that Sherlock could live with.
Of course, John’s plans were derailed by a ridiculous-looking waiter with a drawn-on mustache and a fake French accent.
His resolve was shaken one afternoon shortly before Christmas, when John rushed into his bedroom with nothing but a towel slung low around his waist.  Sherlock had been overcome by a painful coughing fit, causing John to worriedly exit his warm shower to ensure he was okay.  After a cursory inspection of Sherlock’s vitals and stitches, John turned back towards the bathroom, the movement causing the towel to slip off of his left hip.  Sherlock was thankful that John did not observe the color draining from his face or his heart rate increasing.  For the first time since “Afghanistan or Iraq”, Sherlock knew who John’s soul mate was…and it wasn’t Mary Morstan.
As Sherlock stood underneath the lukewarm spray of water pouring from the grimy showerhead in his rundown motel room outside of Bangkok, a small smile ghosted over his lips at the memories that lived inside John’s wing of his mind palace.  Allowing himself to think of John in these rare quiet moments helped him survive the loneliness of his mission.  He no longer felt uneasy about the emotions that swelled within when he thought of John; John’s presence in his life had broken the machine that had lived inside him.  He now realized that love was not a chemical defect; it was, in fact, the most natural and absolute best chemical reaction the human body was capable of producing…it was much more stimulating and fulfilling than any drug Sherlock could inject into his veins.  Caring was the most amazing advantage a person could possess, as it allowed him to withstand months of pain, torment, and adversaries that would have mentally and physically bested him had he not been able to focus on eliminating all threats to what he held most dear.
“You don’t have to thank me Sherlock,” John replied. “I should be thanking you for asking me. Out of anyone you could’ve picked…”
“Mhmm so evil,” Sherlock smiled as he began to thrust his fingers. He eased them out after a few minutes and wiped his fingers on the bedspread.
“See? She’s of so little interest to me I’ve already forgotten her name,” Sherlock told him. “In fact...maybe I should take a break as well.”
“Good afternoon gentlemen,” he smiled as he walked over. “Just do a quick exam and then we’ll get to that ultrasound.”
“Jerk and asshole are relative terms, you can do better than that,” Sherlock reached up to massage his temples.
John swallowed. “Yeah...I…” he licked his lips. “I just started thinking about what happened over the weekend and...and what you said, about us liking each other...but, I thought...I thought you might be humoring me, or telling me what I wanted to hear. I...I like you, I know I shouldn't. I know you’re my professor, and I know you have a girlfriend, but I...I like you, and I didn’t want to leave and the thought of you not liking me...it..it hurts…”
“Really? That was just a shot in the dark,” Sherlock mused as he shut the door. “As for your paper, I told you. I don’t accept half-assed reasonings.”
“Saw her with another student, I think they were in the process of demonstrating how the reproductive system...functions,” Sherlock answered. “How’d you find out?”
“Is it that darling blond you had a few weeks ago? Now Sherlock, you know what happened last time,” she said. “It’d be a shame if I were to tell big brother what you’ve been up to.”
“That’s five minutes of my life I won’t ever get back,” Sherlock announced as he pulled the shower curtain open and stepped in with John.
“Dr. Carters, do you er...have a moment?” Sherlock hung back after John had left to use the bathroom and get them checked out.
John chuckled. “Really Sherlock, from what I’ve pieced together, and gotten from the news it’s a pretty interesting case. You can tell me all about it when you get home, and I’ll let you know how things go here.”
Sherlock turned on his heel as he looked at his watch. Ten minutes ‘til John was due to arrive and he tangled bundle of nerves. He didn’t remember the last time he’d been this nervous, and he was valedictorian (reluctantly) of his graduating class.
John gave him a sympathetic smile. “I told you not to drink so much.” He put his hands in his pockets as he watched Sherlock summon a cab as if out of thin air.
“Sherlock, can we not use every holiday as a way for you to one-up our brother?” John asked. “May I remind you of the 4th of July of 2014 fiasco.”
He tried not to think about the first time they had shared a cab together. He could still remember the feeling of John palming him through his pants and the almost blow job.
John managed to reach out and grab the sleeve of his suit jacket and pull him back just enough to grab the bottle from his hands.
John was not a jealous man. He was secure enough with himself and great in the sack that he didn’t need to worry about his partner's attention straying. He also knew that there wasn’t a single person who could take Sherlock’s attention away from him. Except for The Woman, and Moriarty. But neither of those were sexual interests, as far as John knew, so he didn’t really have anything to worry about.
He wore a black long sleeved button up with a grey waistcoat and matching fitted blazer with a pair of slim black dress pants and black dress shoes.
“No one’s without their battle scars…” Sherlock gave a small shrug. “Some are just on the inside instead of the out.”
his tired mind supplied--was against the idea of letting him go at the present moment. It was with a reluctant huff that Sherlock moved his arm and allowed John to sit up.
Sherlock walked back to the front of the room. “Learn from example people, do not simply blurt the first thing that comes to mind unless you’re prepared to expound on it.”
“Seven people,” Sherlock said as he pocketed his phone. “Mummy and father have a prior engagement. But they want us to join them for Christmas.”
“Nice and strong innit?” Dr. Carters smiled. “Would you like a few pictures or a short video? Won’t be long mind you, probably just-”
“My parents think that I resigned from my former position because I didn’t want a job that had been handed down to me,” Sherlock interrupted as he opened the bottle of wine and set in on the coffee table.
John would find Sherlock’s faith in total monogamy and relationships like his parents endearing if his hormones hadn’t decided now was a good time for an argument.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes, your father and I are not getting any younger, now I know you and John love each other dearly and I would like to see both of my son’s married before I’m dead, is that too much to ask?” Mrs. Holmes said as she pointed at him with a spatula.
“We’ll each get a dessert next time,” Sherlock promised. “We’ve still got the entertainment part of the evening left.”
John swayed on his feet and Sherlock dropped his hands from his shoulder, only to grab his hand a few seconds later and guide him to a nearby bench outside of the building. He squeezed his eyes shut and took a couple deep breaths trying to keep the bile that threatened to crawl up this throat at bay.
“Your partner,” the doctor looked back down at the chart, “our test show he’s a few weeks along...Do you have any idea what might have made him sick?”
But, there was just something about the man..the air of sophistication he seemed to carry about him, the pale skin, and high cheekbones...Curls that were just as soft as John knew they’d be. And his eyes...
“Well I can’t cancel now,” Sherlock sighed. “It’ll be a couple hours at most. I’ll be back before you go to bed. I promise.”
“You get a fifty-word reprieve. You can either be over fifty words or under fifty words of the limit without any penalty. Anything after I will disregard. Think of your essay’s like blog posts. The human brain can only focus for so long and will stop being interested after a certain point. I do not allow rewrites, I am not flexible on due dates. This class meets twice a week for two hours a session. I’ve given you a list of every assignment well before the first is even supposed to be due. There is no excuse for failure.”
“I do John,” Sherlock answered earnestly. “And I would be in your debt forever if you did this with me. And as you know, I don’t like being in someone’s debt.”
John internally flinched at the obvious brush off. “I wasn’t expecting that at all...I didn’t even know you would be teaching this course…”
“Doesn’t matter,” John reached up and cupped Sherlock’s face. “I don’t...we don’t know how long we’ll have together, but you and I? We’re together, and…-”
“Humanity? Dull, why didn’t you tell them the truth?” Sherlock asked. “Seems like a perfect chance for you to gloat.”
“It’s still a surprise,” Sherlock answered as he flagged down a cab. He held the door open for John and climbed in after him. He gave the cabbie the address and leaned back in the seat to get comfortable.
The conversation came to a short pause as the waiter brought over their main courses. Sherlock had elected to try the fried halibut and ordered the lobster risotto for John. He kept looking up from his own plate every so often at John’s soft exclamations, pleased to see him enjoying the food.
Sherlock changed shirts and pulled on his jacket. “When I get home, we’ll lounge on the couch and watch a few episodes of Doctor Who. I’ll even bring home ice cream.”
“Ladies and gentleman,” the lights raised to show an older Chinese woman standing in the center of the ring. “Welcome to the circus.”
“John Watson. Pre-med student correct? Why are you taking an intro philosophy course?” Sherlock asked instead.
He tried to will away the guilt steadily mounting his guy as he looked at the man. He’d been close to skipping class in an effort to avoid him. Monday aTuesdayday had passed by easily enough given the class didn’t meet then, and none of his classes were in the science building, but he couldn’t risk missing a quiz grade.
John chuckled. “I believe it.” He pretended to look at a spot on the floor before looking up again. “So you like my ass in those jeans huh?”
John huffed to himself. “You were very focused on that cold case last night. Didn’t want to disturb you.”
“And say this professor of yours, the one that’s been a...twat…,” Sherlock stood up and tossed the wrapping from the sandwich into the trash. “Say he apologizes for acting like said twat...would you accept his apology?”
“From what I remember all of their food is excellent,” Sherlock answered as he skimmed over his own. “We could start with the raviolo unless you’d prefer something else…?” he looked up and found John staring down his menu. “John? Are you alright?”
John flushed. “Oh...uh yeah, I’ve got rugby practice before this…” He suddenly felt awkward in his tank top and shorts.
Sherlock looked back down at his phone as it buzzed and chuckled as he read over the message from Molly.
Sherlock smiled innocently and twisted out his way. He brought the bottle to his lips as he began walking back towards his room.
They’d agreed upon a polished dark wood high chair with soft padded on the arms, and black and white polka dotted cushions. It’d only made sense to get one that they’d be able to use for their baby once they would be of age to use it.
John snorted and turned his head to look at him. “Not a bad way to wake up, but I think we should shower first. You’ve still got a bit of smeared all over your face.”
“What the hell is your problem?” John demanded. He slapped the paper on the desk. “And where the hell do you get off telling me my ex-was cheating on me?”
Sherlock let his hand linger on John’s stomach a little while longer before he sat back in the chair and drifted off himself.
“I’m not so easy as to just jump into bed with a man on the first date,” John teased. “I do have morals.”
“I didn’t realize you and DI Monae were on a first name basis,” John said as he sat back on the couch. “And didn’t realize she had a medical degree as well. Good for her.”
Sherlock made a noise that John took as agreement and dropped both hands to fiddle with Sherlock’s belt. He could already feel the detective’s erection pressing against his thigh and smiled when Sherlock let out a guttural moan as John wrapped his fingers around his member.
“I have no intention of stopping,” Sherlock said briefly before he pulled John closer by his thighs and hooked his legs over his shoulder.
His attempts were thwarted when it seemed like Sherlock didn’t want to let go. He let out a sigh and his head lolled to the side to rest on John’s shoulder. John closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
“I took some medicine while I was in the bathroom. Sherlock I’m a doctor I know how to take care of myself. I’d like to go back to bed,” John sighed.
At the front of the room stood Sherlock. He cut a nice figure in a black suit with a deep purple undershirt, the first button’s popped open to show the pale skin. If John squinted he could still the bruise from where his teeth had left a nice sized mark. Maybe he’d get lucky and the man wouldn’t notice him.
“Sherlock…?” John’s voice was thick with sleep, ah so it turned into a full nap then, as he started to sit up.
“You’re making that face again. Did I do something wrong?” Sherlock asked. “Would you prefer a bassinet instead? I’m sure we could find one.”
I'm so glad you are all enjoying this fic. This chapter kinda got away from me, but I couldn't resist the drunk sex cliche. Enjoy!
“Hello…” Sherlock felt as if the air had been punched out of his lungs as he took in John’s appearance.
Sherlock reached out and grabbed his hand as he started to walk past and tugged him in for a short kiss. John smiled and leaned in a little more before pulling away.
John followed Sherlock out of the cab and up to the front door. He could see the nervousness behind Sherlock’s eyes as he unlocked the door and they stepped inside.
“What’s this about spending more time with me?” Sherlock asked as he walked into the lab. He gave Molly back the keys to the morgue. “All the bodies have the same tattoo, same design.”
He put his hands on John’s hips for balance and his head fell against the headboard. “Fuck…” He squeezed his eyes shut. If he looked, he’d cum. Simple as that.
“That’s...that’s very noble of you,” Sherlock smiled a bit. “I wouldn’t last a day in the military.”
“Before we are able to understand the present, we must first go back and understand the-” he looked over as the door of the classroom opened and- “So nice of you to join us, Mr. Watson.”
“Of course there was,” Sherlock scoffed. “I noticed it within the first moment of meeting you. You’re unsure of yourself. I’d say as a result of growing up in the shadow of an elder sibling. Brother perhaps?”
Sherlock held his hand as he led John away from the wall and got them a cab. The air in the vehicle was filled with anticipation of what could happen next. What John was going to say because he knew Sherlock
“Of course it’s real,” John answered, he sat next to him on the couch and looked at the pictures. “What made you think it wasn’t?”
“Why don’t you pick the date, and I’ll make sure my calendar is cleared,” Sherlock gave her a tight-lipped smile. “How’s that for being a big boy? Now if that’s all, I’ve got a class to teach.”
“Maybe later we could slip off?” Sherlock offered. “Call it an early night? Mycroft and Lestrade will be here just before dinner with Micah which means she’ll have her focus on him.”
“If I remember correctly, I went to the bathroom about that time and left my phone on the table,” Sherlock answered. “I would prefer not to imply anything, but I believe DI Monae saw you were calling, sent it to voicemail and then deleted the message.”
“I suppose we could make an announcement around…” Sherlock stiffened as the thought nagging him for the last month made itself known to him. ”John, tell me I didn’t agree to us hosting an American Thanksgiving this year…” Sherlock looked at John with equal parts dread and fear.
“Wasn’t sure what the dress code was so I took a bit of a gamble,” John tugged at his sleeve a little nervously.
“Dad’s still trying to wrap his head around having two gay kids, and my mum’s pretty much a saint when she’s not drinking…” John answered.
John said yes. John said yes to him. John agreed to have his baby. Their baby. Their perfect baby. With-
Sherlock coughed and tried not to choke on his biscuit. “Really mummy?” Sherlock coughed. “You couldn’t have waited until after I finished my biscuit?”
“Sherlock, darling,” she perched on the edge of his desk. “How kind do you think the dean will be when they find out just why you resigned from your previous job? I’m fairly certain professor’s sleeping with their students is heavily frowned upon. So, unless you want that little tidbit to fall into the wrong hands,” she reached forward to fix the collar of his shirt then gripped his chin, “put on your big boy pants junior and pick a damn date.”
“Dinner, Sherlock. I’ve made our reservations for The Ledbury,” she told him. “I never told him about that morning, but I may just have to change my mind.”
Mycroft did not look amused. “I thought it might be nice for us to have Italian as Italy is where mother and father exchanged their vows, fifty-two years ago. We’ll start with zuppa toscana, followed by spaghetti alla puttanesca with garlic bread, and mozzarella stuffed meatballs, with, of course, mother’s famous lemon ginger cheesecake for dessert.”
His hands found John’s chest and he gave a gentle squeeze as he rolled his nipples between his fingers. John gasped and moaned arching into the feeling.
Sherlock took care of the bill once they’d finished and John had excused himself to use the bathroom and was standing to put on his coat when John returned.
John was already working on his second cookie when Sherlock returned carrying their largest coffee cup. He waited patiently as he sent off a few more texts, going by the ping noises, before he put the phone into his back pocket and looking at John, then down at the paper bag with the Millie’s insignia on the front.
Sherlock remembered their first time. It was nothing more than awkward fumbling, a clash of teeth and tangled limbs. John was so nervous he’d prepped himself in the shower beforehand but now. Sherlock, admittedly, didn’t last as long as he planned. Too much energy. Too much excitement. Now. Now-
“Early evening I suppose,” Sherlock answered. “Five should suffice for everyone, I’ll need to rearrange some furniture, get a larger table...I suppose I could ask mummy for a few of her recipes.” He already had his phone in hand as he began composing a text to his mother. “Formal invitations?”
“I pulled some strings yes, but you and I both know what happened, Sherlock. You won’t be stepping foot on that campus again,” Mycroft told him. “Nor any campus in that area as a matter of fact.”
Sherlock fiddled with it, before finally holding out the small jar. “It’s coconut oil and beeswax based lotion...I read that it can help prevent stretch marks.”
John rolled his eyes. “Right then, so nine people,” he nodded. “Well, should we do it in the evening or in the afternoon?”
“John,” Sherlock turned to face him. “If tonight wasn’t up to your standards, or if you didn’t really enjoy it, I’m sure there something else I could-”
“Clearly something is bothering you,” Sherlock crossed his arms over his chest. “Does it have to do with what you were looking at?”
“Sherlock, please don’t keep something from me again,” John tried again. “Whatever it is, I’m sure it’s not-”
“Very good things,” Sherlock chuckled and John pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s jaw. “Like, taking a shower.”
“Looks like he had a seizure,” John said as he looked at the crime scene photos spread out on the coffee table. “Probably swallowed his tongue.”
What felt like hours, perhaps a half hour at most, passed before Sherlock was finally admitted into the room. He was by John’s side in an instant slipping a clammy hand into his own.
The lights were raised again and this time there was a man tied to a chair with thick rope and blindfolded, with a large crossbow pointed at him and a bag of sand a few feet above a small plate.
There were a few things John noticed as he woke up. Sherlock, despite his freezing feet, gave off heat like a furnace. Sherlock was still clearly dressed in the clothes he’d left in last night, with an arm wrapped around John and his face pressed into the back of Johns' neck. The last thing John noticed, well not last, it was really the first because his stomach was churning and he could already feel the bile crawling up his throat.
“You said to name a philosopher...he’s a philosopher isn’t he?” John answered. He shifted a little under Sherlock’s gaze.
“John, surgeries calling,” he knocked on the door and waited for an answer. “John?” He knocked a second time and frowned when there was no answer.
“It’s another negative, and we’re going to need more tests,” John sighed as he walked out of the bathroom.
“No, I’m not Dr. Nozik. He has been dismissed on grounds I am not permitted to share with you, but they are grounds on which I will not be making the same mistake,” his eyes landed on John as he finished the sentence. His expression was unreadable as he looked at him. There was a brief pause before he turned on his heel and stalked to the board.
Sherlock tightened his grip on the handle of his briefcase as the two walked away. He stalked to his office and tossed the case onto the couch against the back wall and shut the door behind him with a thud and walked up to the window.His phone buzzed as it began to vibrate in his pocket and he pulled it out. He pressed talk and leaned against the short bookcase. Sherlock could just barely make out John and the woman he’d left with exiting the building.
Mrs. Holmes gave her son a pointed look and Sherlock set his tea down. “Alright alright…” he stood up and followed his mother into the kitchen.”
John looked down and chuckled at another strong kick. “Guess he doesn’t want to be left out either.”
Sherlock returned twenty minutes later just as John was about to doze off and set his phone as he got back into bed.
His curls were a disarray as if someone had been running their fingers through it and his shirt was rumbled with the sleeves rolled up the elbow.
John gave him a sympathetic smile. “I told you not to drink so much.” He put his hands in his pockets as he watched Sherlock summon a cab as if out of thin air.
“I don’t think that’s any of your business, Professor Holmes,” John answered as he walked over to her.
Sherlock shrugged. “Perhaps that’s why? Our family assumed I’d either go into politics like my brother or the scientific field like my mother, she was a mathematician, but I was always a bit different. More like my father in some aspects I suppose. Always have to be different…”
“A joke?” John clenched his hands into fists. “Sadly, you and I don’t seem to share your twisted sense of humor. Trying to drug someone is not a joke.”
He still had two minutes before the class was meant to start and spent them setting his laptop up on the podium and getting it connected to the projector.
“In the past, I’ve been told my idea of a date has been...subpar at best…” Sherlock fingered the hem of John’s jacket.
“I almost left you a message when he started, well, I did leave you a message but I left out the kicking part,” John told him.
“No, no,” John shook his head. “It’s just...if I can be frank, what are you doing with someone like me? I mean...you’re obviously well off, you go to the opera and the orchestra...dinner on yachts. I’m attending college on a rugby scholarship and...I’m not nearly as cultured as you are. What are you doing with someone like me?”
He flung his arms out and knocked the bottle of wine over. He blinked and watched the red liquid seeping out onto the sheets. John quickly righted the bottle and leaned over Sherlock to place it on the nightstand.
“Oh, no, it was just fine,” John assured her as he hugged her back. “We had to stop a couple times along the way but Sherlock was very understanding.”
“She seems like so wants to take a bite out of my fiance. Bet it’s not even a triple homicide, probably just a dumb murder or something,” John scoffed.
“Yes, we’ll have raviolo of ricotta and baby spinach, herbs butter sauce toasted pine nuts and ballotine of foie gras with fine beans, toasted brioche for starters, and as the main,” here Sherlock pointed to a few of the main dishes and handed the waiter their menus.
“What does it matter?” John repeated. “You have a girlfriend! You just cheated on your girlfriend and she bloody caught us.”
“...After you started to show,” Sherlock answered. He toed at the floor with his barefeet. “I was going to give it to you but...I uh was hoping you’d allow me to apply it.”
“Really Sherlock, it’s,” John sighed and tried not to let his emotions get the best of him. “It’s alright. I understand. Honestly, I’m amazed that you’ve managed to make it to every appointment before.”
John swallowed as his cheek flushed a deep scarlet and nodded. “Yes...if I could just have them I will get out of your hair…”
“The girl you called on in class, her name’s Faith and you didn’t ask her to expound,” John pointed out. “Why did you ask me?”
He sent a quick text to Mycroft, and five minutes later Sherlock was helping John into a sleek black car.
John sighed but followed after him. Sherlock shut the door behind them and walked to the kitchen while John took off his coat and made himself comfortable on the couch. Sherlock returned with two glasses and the unopened bottle.
John stared at the newest text and felt his stomach roll at the possibility of getting drinks with Moran. His mind was still fuzzy on some of the details from that night but they weren’t pleasant details. His knuckles were still a bit sore, and from what he’d gathered Moran still had the remains of a split lip and black eye.
“I think...drinks are in order,” Sherlock answered as he stepped back. “I've got a lovely bottle of red from my mother she sent as a present for my new job.”
On the one hand having Sherlock all to himself for the next fivish months made John feel all warm and tingly inside, but on the other hand, he
“I’m feeling generous,” Sherlock mused as he put his hands on John’s waist and slid them downwards to squeeze his ass. “First we’re going to finish our shower, then I plan to spend an exorbitant amount of time spreading you open with nothing but my fingers and tongue. And then, I’m going to make you come.”
No one raised their hand and he smiled. “Excellent. Let’s start with the syllabus.” He pulled a stack of papers out of his briefcase and dropped them on the desk of some poor man at the front of the classroom. “As you can see, I’ve made a few changes. Unlike Dr. Nozik, I will not accept anything half-assed. Most of you are completely capable of writing complete thoughts and I expect as such.”
Sherlock blushed and nodded as they cleaned up after themselves in the bathroom and made their way back to their bedroom. Sherlock would much rather sleep naked, but it was still cold and the idea of either of them getting sick was not a pleasant thought.
“And what have you told them then?” Sherlock asked. He thanked the waitress as she set down his drink and salad.
“She’s trying to come onto you Sherlock,” John answered. “She wants to have sex with you. She has wanted to have sex with you the moment she saw you.”
“I may have been showing off my excellent oral skills,” Sherlock answered as his cheeks started to color. “I couldn’t look either parent in the eye for at least three months.”
It took Sherlock a moment to realize he was still standing in the same spot, in front of his chair with John zipping up his coat, and staring at him with a raised eyebrow.
Next chapter will be a bit longer and more John in his rugby uniform and Sherlock definitely having a few ideas
Sherlock blinked and looked John. “Since when do you take sugar in your tea? You always drink tea without sugar…”
It has definitely been awhile since the last update. Part of it was some family things going on, and the other part was that I wrestled with this chapter for the better part of a couple weeks. Hopefully you all like :)
“That wasn’t very nice…” John pointed out, though he couldn’t stop the small smile even if he wanted to.
Sherlock walked over to his sheet music and shifted through the papers before finding what he was looking for and picked up the bow.
The man was his teacher. He had a girlfriend. They could both get into serious trouble if they tried to pursue something….would Sherlock even want to pursue something with him? Oh god, what if Sherlock was just humoring him? What if he was just telling John what he wanted to hear? What if he found John’s attention bothersome?
They took turns helping each other washed, Sherlock enjoyed the way John massaged his scalp as he washed his hair and showed him as much, which resulted in them staying in the shower until the water threatened to run cold. Sherlock got out first and wrapped a towel around his waist before helping John and both men dried off. Neither bothered with clothes and just pulled the robes back on. Sherlock liked it when John wore his robes, they were obviously too big and John had tied it so the knot was resting just above his stomach.
He let go once he was sure it wasn’t going to fall to the floor, Sherlock wouldn’t have minded. The wine was not the worst thing to stain his floor.
Mycroft had returned to work after the first three days, and Gregory had to return to his third-final-year lectures so that he wouldn’t fall behind. John, however, had forgone lectures and seminars to stay at Sherlock’s bedside during visiting hours. One hand was always holding Sherlock’s scraped one, while the other one held either a novel (which he read out to Sherlock) or his phone.
“Of course, sir,” she said, and the clacking of the keyboard began the horrible thumping of a stress-induced headache. It ached behind his eyes, with it somewhat feeling like there were two metal poles being slowly pushed to either side of his skull. “Can I have their relations with the patient and why they are allowed access?”
“I’ll make tea, first,” he spat out, quickly jumping up from the floor and heading into the kitchen. The heart rate that Sherlock had managed to keep steady rose quickly, thudding heavily against his chest as he listened to the methodical sounds of John making two cups of tea. The clinking of a spoon against porcelain only somewhat calmed his nerves.
Once Mycroft had looked through them, he asked, “Have you decided to take up any interesting extra-curricular clubs? I’m curious because Sherlock mentioned how he’d finally been allowed to join the Crime Society. He claims that he got down on his knees and begged because he was that desperate.”
Suffering through pleasantries with only a finger of whiskey to keep him company was akin to mental torture.
“Huge liabilities?” Gregory asked, knowing to avoid asking why Mycroft knew far more about this topic than he should. Mycroft confirmed his thoughts with a nod.
Then, in the evenings, Mycroft would visit Gregory’s dorm cook him meals if he was home before 9 PM, often making enough to feed the rest of Gregory’s corridor. Many of his neighbours liked to say that Mycroft was ‘sent from heaven’. They’d also coo when their goodbye ended with a soft, chaste kiss.
From the arch of the receptionist’s eyebrow, he knew she was questioning their life-stories and was one word from recommending them sleep until Gregory’s glare caused her to stutter the location of one that was only a short walk from the hospital wards. While receiving some final information on Sherlock – chances had improved to fifty-five percent – Gregory led John outside for some fresh air. A few brief texts were sent to his superiors to apologise for the lack of notification on his current absent as he followed a little behind.
Gregory was more curious than Mycroft, arching his neck so that he could get a better look, and murmuring a constant commentary that fell on death ears. Gregory mentioned something about staying out of view and observing the couple (?) for a while before confronting them and Mycroft was too conflicted to suggest otherwise.
“Where are we off to tonight?” They walked side by side down the stairs, holding hands while Gregory had a soft blush like a teenager.
Mycroft pouted but ate the rest of his cake, dipping each bite in the soft whip. With a swipe of his thumb, Gregory removed the residue around Mycroft’s mouth and sucked softly on his thumb which enhanced the blush from a rouge to fire-engine red. With a chiding hiss, Mycroft muttered, “Please stop.”
“Try not to worry about that,” Mycroft said. “I know you worry regardless, but at least know that the only thing I feel is an unadulterated relief – you went through this in my presence rather than by yourself.”
Gregory grinned to himself. “Mycroft Holmes, the most amazing man in the universe, will you do me the honour of marrying me?”
Leafing through a few other notes, chuckling at a pun within one of the cards, Mycroft only slightly acknowledged the click of the door as John pushed it open, dressed in his own thin apron and slightly dishevelled. His sleeves were rolled up in preparation for his near habitual hand washing, rucksack being dumped on the more-comfortable chair.
He’d been pushing the change into the coin pocket of his wallet when he realised that Mr Moody had said something beyond his usual scripted spiel. Mycroft glanced up. “They’re cute, aren’t they?”
“I feel blessed around him,” John admitted, blushing slightly into his disposable cup. “I’ve always had friends, people I care about, and even a few previous relationships where I thought I might love my boyfriend or girlfriend, but Sherlock blew me away. I worried far too much about his age at the beginning but I doubt I’d change anything if I were to go back. Maybe I'd yell at myself to be less oblivious.”
“It’s only October!” John said with a slight laugh. It sobered quickly when he asked, “What if Sherlock is still in hospital at Christmas?”
“Thank you,” Mycroft intoned, pretending that the information wasn’t almost entirely useless – Gregory had realised that Sherlock had likely been taken into surgery and the first few months of John’s medical degree was enough for him to know that it was likely to be a punctured lung. “Would you be able to add a note to the file? It would be preferable if both Gregory Lestrade and John Watson were able to receive information about William’s condition, as I won’t be available all of the time,” after a brief pause, “Gregory may give his forename as Greg.”
“Mycroft Holmes, I’m here for Sherlock Holmes?” Mycroft slurred and tried to focus himself by using the clicking of the receptionist’s mechanical keyboard. She confirmed the name before her face morphed into confusion. He spat out the words when he realised his error, “Sorry, Sherlock uses his middle name in conversation; his legal name is William Holmes?”
Once Mycroft had ordered their drinks, they sat at one of the small tables by the entrance. Mycroft took his time adding two shots of milk and two sugars to the black coffee he’d ordered, before looking up. “Thank you, for it all.”
“They said I can have a few weeks to get back on my feet, and then I’d only need to return to labs for another few weeks. They said something about me being an ideal student and so they trusted me to be using my time wisely. Namely, they’ll hope I’ll keep up with my studies while I’m at Sherlock’s bedside,” John explained. “If I find myself unable to catch up, I can re-submit my application for deferral and they’re likely to accept.”
Before he managed to knock on the laboratory door, Sherlock opened it with a scowl. His hair was pulled in many different directions, curls a haphazard mess, and he was still in his undone lab coat and wearing his goggles. “Two moments.”
The room had since become Sherlock’s domain, and Mycroft had never been jealous of his younger brother. More scientifically gifted, Sherlock had used this room much more and Mycroft had even been the one who’d suggested that Sherlock get it as a gift for his ninth birthday.
Mycroft, knowing the seriousness of the topic that John wanted to discuss with Sherlock, tugged Gregory from the room by his hands and took him outside to stand in the snow.
The shop was mostly empty. There was the quiet chatter of a couple a few tables away from Mycroft and the soft whirring of the coffee machine as the barista made a macchiato for his break. Mycroft had ordered their drinks when he’d arrived about eight minutes ago, laid out neatly before him.
Huddled tightly in a small grey blanket and trying to avoid a mouthful of snow with lethargic limbs, Sherlock found himself herded like a sheep into his family living room, John Watson assisting on one side and his over-bearing brother on the other. He was mostly healed, but his muscles were weak due to long periods of being still and there were still some spikes of pain if he breathed in too hard.
He’d confirmed with A that he’d be allowed to take a break within the next hour when the fifth text came, and he hoped to high hell that this wasn’t something terrible and that it was just him being paranoid.
Sherlock clicked his tongue, and Mycroft could hear the tell-tale flick of him checking his watch. “I still have another hour of after-school work yet, Mycroft.”
“Gregory, Greg, Lestrade is my ICE and so looks after William whenever work takes me out of the country. John Watson is William’s long-term significant other who spends most of his time with William, so the information is vital. That’s him over there,” Mycroft told the woman, pointing towards John, who had only succeeded in curling himself into more of a ball shape, and Gregory. “In addition to that, I believe William would prefer to be called by his chosen name Sherlock wherever possible, and will likely be referred to as Sherlock in conversations with the staff.”
“Agreed,” Mycroft said with a soft nod. “You have forever changed my life.” He then swallowed, gently stroking the skin of Gregory’s arm. “I dislike being the bringer of bad news after such a horrendous week – I had meant to tell you after our date – but work requires me to go out to Sweden for two weeks at the beginning of next month.”
“No, you’re just somewhat obvious,” Sherlock said. He continued when John indicated for him to go on. “You’ve been training heavily and you’ve taken to having your hair cut in a military style (which you’re not yet used to due to your subconsciously running your fingers through your hair). That indicated military. You glanced over with interest when I got out the anatomy book, and there are some leaflets behind the counter about medicine so it was a good guess. You clearly have a motherly influence in your life, and yet lack a fatherly influence so it’s likely a single parent household. You clearly have a sibling, and it was more likely female as there seems to be little evidence of another male within your household. Lesbian because there was a post-it note stuck behind the counter saying ‘stop looking at my girlfriend, dweeb’ signed by ‘Harry’. I could also tell that Harry was female due to their script. You are bisexual from the way you look at passers-by. The girlfriend is an ex of yours because you scribbled ‘she’s an ex for a reason, Harry’ underneath in reply and you plan on giving that to her later. I think that’s all?”
“The condition of doing the experiment with you was you coming to the coffee shop. It’s illogical for you to request anything more and you are treating me like a commoner who hadn’t studied PPE if you expected me not to notice,” Mycroft pointed out, and almost laughed at Sherlock’s pained look.
John looked ready to protest, but quickly paused and a heavy blush settled on his cheeks (so he had run out of money!) before he muttered about how that would be appreciated and an even quieter thank you. Mycroft didn’t hesitate in transferring one hundred pounds into John’s bank account, and spent just a few seconds setting up an automatic bank-transfer of fifty pounds per week.
The clicking of the keyboard returned as a reprise before the nurse shared the details on Sherlock’s file. “William has been taken into surgery so that they can deal with his punctured lung. His survival rate is currently at fifty percent.”
At eleven, after checking the opening times religiously for the past hour (if Mycroft hated one thing it was waiting outside an establishment before it’s opening time and feeling like an idiot) Mycroft ensured that Sherlock was wearing his coat – a lot of protests – and had a few scientific books in his rucksack. Ensuring for a second time that Sherlock wasn’t wearing his jumper backwards or inside out, Mycroft ushered him out of the door.
Shaking, heaving, withering, Gregory suffered a horrendous breakdown a few days before their one-year anniversary. Wrapped in three soft blankets with damp skin, Gregory would whimper at even the slightest unexpected touch and would curl away, further and further into a ball, from human contact. He’d stare mindlessly at the wall and make pained moans if Mycroft tried to fill the silence with soft music or gentle ambient noises; sometimes he would allow the gentle touch of a cold cup of water to his arm, but this was usually not the case. Mycroft, reluctantly, could do little but sit in silence, waiting for the internal panic to decrease.
“I have no doubt,” Mycroft gave a small smile and a light nod in agreement. “He wouldn’t want you to defer for him.”
“Master Holmes was brought into the Winston Churchill Hospital, Oxford, at 18:00, Greenwich Mean Time. He was admitted to the accident and emergency department and is currently unstable. All we were told was that they were unsure if he’d survive, so we do not have any further details.”
Testing the nib of his fountain pen on blotting paper, Mycroft arranged himself so that he looked like the epitome of regret; his forehead was resting heavily on his left hand as his chest heaved and he pressed the pen to the silk paper, pen moving across it in torturously slow demonstration. After the loop of an ‘L’, Mycroft noticed Gregory looming over him.
“No need to rush, just a warning so you had time to pack up,” Gregory told him, before he made a demonstration of going over to another of the tables to wipe it over and place the chairs on top of it. “No need to ruin your lovely stationary in your rush. It’ll take me about ten minutes to pack up, but if you’re alright with waiting perhaps we could walk back together as a group of four. Safer.”
Upon opening the card, Mycroft was pleasantly surprised by the lengthy paragraphs inside as Sherlock had few friends:
“I definitely hope so,” John murmured in agreement, sipping his coffee and shaking the cup to ensure that it was really empty. John excused himself to go back and spend some time with Sherlock while Mycroft threw away his rubbish. John requested to have about ten minutes alone with Sherlock, which was likely where he told Sherlock things that weren’t necessarily for anyone else’s ears. He’d once ushered Mycroft, Gregory and an unsuspected nurse out of Sherlock’s room to spend twenty minutes murmuring in his boyfriend’s ears.
Needing to do something with his hands, Mycroft began to shuffle the small pile of stimulation – Sudoku, crosswords, a small book of puzzles purchased from the newsagent stationed in the hospital, and a few pieces of the easier a-level work he’d been assigned. He started by separating all the individual pieces of paper into piles, before latticing them (landscape, portrait, landscape, portrait) so that they could easily be re-separated. They’d likely be a mess again within a few hours as the nurses often moved the table for easier access to the fluid IV bags, tubes and machines to ensure they were full and working correctly.
Gregory leaned down and pressed a kiss – somewhat a smashing of smiles over a kiss – to his loved one.
Truthfully, Mycroft never returned to a coffee shop twice due to feeling socially awkward; he would stay until closing time and then feel horrible for wasting their resources despite having likely paid their rent through his coffee and confectionary consumption.
“You’ve already said that,” John commented. “Less than two weeks ago, in fact. And again, you don’t need to thank me.”
With a shuddering breath, John curled into Mycroft’s embrace and sobbed into his neck. The shaking that had slowly calmed increased into over-drive and his teeth chattered. Mycroft gave a pitying glance towards the barista, a mouthed apology, as he led the sobbing boy to a bench further into the café.
“Yeah, definitely,” Mycroft said with a gentle kiss to Gregory’s cheek. “You look absolutely beautiful. It makes me insanely happy to see you wearing my jumper.”
Stepping into the café and hearing the irritating bell (it had been installed two weeks previous and
They’d been sitting for ten minutes when Mycroft got a text-message from Mummy asking if he knew where Sherlock was, and it shook him from his shocked stupor. This was interesting; if Sherlock hadn’t told Mummy where he was going, then it suggested that this was something secretive. He replied with a ‘No’ – Gregory teasing him for lying – before he raised his gaze to fix it on the pair.
It’d become a problem, Mycroft acknowledged, but he knew that mid-fourteen was a turbulent time and this often happened to teenagers; his personal obsession had been a sixth form student named Jeremy that had been nice to him once and Mycroft liked to ignore those few embarrassing months. Luckily, Sherlock had been seven and hadn’t been old enough to understand, no matter his intelligence.
“Just interested,” Sherlock muttered, distracting himself from experiment by putting away his stationary and using some of his home-made, stickier blue tack to stick up some of his ‘revision’ notes in an attempt to please their mother.
“Those people are inhumane. It’s not like you chose to force yourself through these horrible events; who would choose this?”
His walk home was a leisurely stroll, and when he returned home he changed from his navy blue suit (his ‘University Suit’) into a pair of beige chinos, a pale blue shirt with a button down collar, a navy sweater and beige chukka boots. He spent too long in front of the mirror ruffling his hair and checking his watch.
“As you know, the Holmes take celebrating Christmas very seriously. It is usually just our family, but a lot has changed these past few years, and after the incident, I want to bring us all together – a protective instinct no doubt – so I was wondering if you’d like to stay at ours over the Christmas break. Of course, you could still spend Christmas day with your family, if you’d like to, but we’d be delighted to have you on Christmas Eve and over new year’s.
“Agreed,” Gregory said with a chuckle. They entered the small pub, and he realised that he’d have to thank Sherlock because this place was
“Thank you so much for caring,” Gregory murmured, hiding his face slightly against Mycroft’s thigh. “No one was ever caring enough to do this for me. Thank you.”
“Very true! I would’ve thought he would’ve at least tried to tease me during those few evenings a week where he plagues me with his presence,” Mycroft mused.
Upset by the disappointing grade he’d received at the end of his second year (only a 2:1 when he’d been so desperate for a first), Gregory had slowly begun to pull away from his boyfriend in a quiet way. It’d been gradual, with Mycroft simply receiving fewer texts as the weeks went on – it didn’t surprise him as even the obsessed John and Sherlock had slowly reduced the amount they felt they needed to contact the other. Beating himself up about it, Gregory had clearly considered himself useless and unworthy.
It wasn’t a long kiss; long enough to be more than a peck but barely any longer. They separated, Sherlock, giving John a small, shy smile, and Sherlock resumed his playing with John’s fingers. From some lip reading, Mycroft could tell that Sherlock was confirming that he wasn’t too harsh, or clumsy, and John’s warm smile made him confident that this might just be the best thing for the pair. The pinning had been intense on both sides, according to Gregory.
Sherlock’s head had tilted slightly to the left, and his eyebrows had furrowed in confusion for a few moments. “Why do you want me to come with you – oh!”
Mycroft took a seat on the uncomfortable plastic chair at the end of the bed, taking the doctors notes and reading through them, as the more comfortable visitor chair – Gregory and Mycroft agreed – was for John’s use only and was usually covered in something that John had left behind the previous day (currently a grey cardigan that Gregory had teased him about countless times). The doctor’s note read that little had changed except the slow, steady improvement that they’d been watching over the past four days. With a small nod at the survival percentage, up to a confident ninety percent, he replaced the clipboard.
Many people had brought ‘Get Well Soon’ cards to be displayed on the bedside table and window-sill. Mycroft, after three days, had unpinned all of Gregory’s revision – storing it away carefully – and replaced them with some of the nicest cards hoping it would help Gregory. There had been little evidence of such.
Much later, when John had hugged Sherlock tightly in farewell and had shaken Mycroft’s hand with a confirmation that they should have coffee sometime without Sherlock to catch up – much to Sherlock’s disgust – Sherlock looked at his older brother with quizzical eyes. “Are you aware that a napkin with a mobile number on it has been placed in your right pocket?”
“Yeah,” Gregory admitted. “I probably should’ve told you when we talked about deal breakers that the three months before GCSEs were a nightmare; I started to not eat, and got psychosomatic headaches and stomach-aches. I was stressed out of my mind because I failed almost every single one of my mocks. I wasn’t even likely to get into college, let alone university – I seemed to have no future. About a three weeks before my GCSEs I had a week similar to this where I was in the hospital for three days before they let me home.
John shrugged. “Sherlock saved my life. I was pretty down when you guys met me and despite seeming alright I was heavily considering some of the worse options for my future. I’m only doing what you did for Greg – it’s what you do to ensure their safety, isn’t it?”
“Only a bit of a ponce, Sherlock,” Mycroft corrected lightly, not wanting to argue while with non-familial company. Besides, he was somewhat of a ponce.
This particular afternoon, Sherlock had been texting John rapidly, texts shooting out like bullets from a rifle. Sherlock had packed and hoisted his bag onto his shoulder before he told Mycroft that they
It was only on Mycroft’s last paid day off that there was any sign of recovery. Luckily, it was enough to ensure that Gregory was going to be okay.
“Whatever you need, Gregory,” Mycroft replied with a small smile, gently carding his fingers through the greasy fringe. “I’m so relieved that you’re feeling better. I had considered taking you to the hospital, but I admittedly didn’t know what they would do to help and I doubt you would’ve been comfortable there.” A short pause. “Has this happened before?”
“Yeah, I plan on returning when he’s confirmed stable. At least labs, because they’re interesting and might be able to provide a brief respite from the gloom of a hospital,” John said with a sad smile, fingers giving Sherlock’s palm a brief squeeze. “Sherlock will hate this place.”
“Hey love,” John whispered into Sherlock’s neck, savouring the opportunity to breathe in his boyfriend for the first time in months. It’d been far too uncomfortable to snuggle at the hospital, even in the later weeks when Sherlock had regained his mobility and was mostly free of tubes. “I need you to take some painkillers for me now, okay?”
“Not a doctor yet,” John said with a chuckle, kneading his fingers gently into Sherlock’s thighs. He then pulled them away, bringing them to rest in his own lap. Sherlock frowned at the movement. “Can we talk about something serious for a moment?”
On that day, Gregory spoke for the first time in four days, and more than he’d had since the initial panic attack. His voice was brutally rough from lack of use, and yet Mycroft couldn’t think of a time when his word had been more beautiful: “Can you fetch me a glass of water and then lie next to me?”
Pathetic fallacy seemed to be at play with biting winds and heavy rain that batted against Mycroft’s black umbrella. They were huddled underneath it, Gregory hidden in his side. He’d accompanied Mycroft to the airport terminal and was now soaked through – it was a perfect metaphor for how he felt.
“This is fine,” Mycroft said, quickly taking a slightly scolding but delicious sip of the black liquid with two sugars. “Excellent actually – and in answer to your somewhat question, research suggests that people remember what they have learnt more if they’ve written it down. And, I prefer the way notes look in a nice notebook.”
Announcing his arrival, the annoying bell shrilled as Gregory skidded through the café entrance with a pant. He grinned widely at Mycroft as he sat down and took an appreciative sip of his drink, a soft moan of delight accompanying.
This chapter is pretty dark whoops. This is a little later than I wanted it to be, but this weekend gave us the glory that is Infinity War and in combination with the newest Hamildrop and lots of coursework I haven't had the time to edit my writing (I added about 1000 words to this chapter). I'm gonna give myself until Friday 11th May (SHERLOCK GNOMES IS SOMETHING I NEED TO SEE) but due to a bank-holiday I might have it up before that.
There was a chaste kiss, quick as his co-workers signalled that it was time to depart. He sighed, stepping out from under the umbrella with a squeeze to the hand one last time. He took a shuddering breathe as the rain splattered against his shoulder blades. “Farewell, my love. To see you again soon is my deepest desire.”
The pair loved their Thursday meetings; both looked forward to it with a grin plastered across their face and their friends (Gregory) and work colleagues (Mycroft) would sometimes question why. Mycroft had it circled viciously as the day approached, his small habit of circling the afternoon slowly ruining his diary. On Gregory’s side of the pond, his friends would notice the impossible increase in conversation based on his afternoons with his best friend.
Mycroft was grateful that Sherlock had a close friend, but he was somewhat jealous that John’s friendship with him had dwindled as a result.
He stepped into the room and found John still asleep in bed with the sheets bunched up around the foot of the bed. Sherlock set the phone on John’s dresser and walked over to the bed.
John swallowed thickly and Sherlock smirked. He hooked his fingers into the waistband of his briefs and in by inch tugged them off.
“Tonight was amazing Sherlock,” John reached up to wrap his arms around Sherlock’s neck. “I just, you didn’t have to spend so much money on dinner, and I can’t imagine what those tickets cost you.”
John jumped a little startled as the lights were suddenly cut off again, and felt embarrassed as Sherlock ran a thumb over his John’s knuckle.
“You, me, Mycroft, Lestrade, Micah, Molly, Mrs. Hudson and perhaps mummy and father unless they’ve decided to visit other members of the family,” Sherlock answered. “That’s nine people!”
“I’m sure it would’ve been a wonderful surprise,” Sherlock smiled and looked down at another kick. “He’s a strong one isn’t he?”
“Don’t lie John, you’re not even trying,” Sherlock interrupted. He reached up and pressed a hand to John’s forehead. “You’re burning up.”
“It may have come up…” Sherlock nodded. “But don’t you think you’re overreacting? It was just drinks…”
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and after a little maneuvering they were facing each other, John’s leg over Sherlock’s hips and his tucked under the detective’s chin with Sherlock still buried inside of him.
“Of course, I completely understand,” she nodded and turned her attention back to Sherlock. “Actually, while I was waiting, got a call in about a triple homicide across town, perhaps we could try out this new partnership, I’d love for you to take a look.”
John chuckles at first, then hunched forward even more as tears gathered in the corners of his eyes.
“Bit of shit job you’re doing ain’t it?” Sarcasm dripped off every word. “Is it your job to fuck your students too?” He snatched his phone back. “I don’t need you dropping in like some fucking knight in a black Belstaff.” He shoved his things into his bag and slung the back over his shoulder. “So you can kindly fuck off.” He stormed out of the room.
Sherlock nodded and got more lotion, he had to be thorough after all and went back to massaging. “It would’ve been the least I could do after everything you have done, what you are doing.” His hands still on the middle of his stomach.
“Chinese,” Sherlock answered. “Some of the acts mentioned are escapology, and acrobatics...Two tickets under Holmes.”
So it's definitely been awhile since my last update, and I can't promise that updates will be fast, I've got a few family things going on right now and as a result my muse has been spotty lately, but I'm going to do my best to try. I've got an outline and I know where I want the story to go.
