“You thanks too.  I mean, thanks.  You, too.  Look great,” Tony stammered, squeezing his eyes together in frustration.  Because, dear Lord, Steve did look good.  It was easy to forget that.  Or, not exactly forget, but not be so acutely aware of it.  Just one of those background facts that Tony filed away as true, but unimportant for daily living.  He was definitely noticing now, though.  Definitely very aware of it now, thanks so much, brain, good timing.  Helpful.  Obviously, this information and a vocabulary above that of Furby at the same time was too much to ask, but whatever.
“I didn’t,” Steve started, then cleared his throat, looking over at Bucky.  “I didn’t know that.  About Clint.  God, I’m an ass.  I shouldn’t have assumed.”
“How do you feel?” Tony asked, drawing Steve from his thoughts.
“I think you’re ready,” Tony said, letting his fingers fall out of Steve’s hole with a wet, obscene sound. Yes, Steve thought distantly, yes, Tony. Tony placed one more kiss on Steve’s shoulder and reached up to wipe the sweat-slickened hair from Steve’s forehead. “You’re doing so good for me,” he added with an awed whisper.
“Top of the line,” Tony promised.
“Nat told me,” Steve laughed. “Compound on the icy tundra, it is then. Seems a reasonable reaction.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ugh,” Rhodey snorted.  “If I never have to hear Selvig’s endless recitals again…”
The King moved off of him just as Steve’s legs finally gave out, and he crumpled to his knees, panting and gasping heavily as his muscles quaked and quivered.  He was slowly, dimly aware that the King was rubbing a hand over his back and murmuring soft words, good words, Steve’s mind thought, though the thought was weightless and distant.  He couldn’t think.  He couldn’t move.  His body was boneless, languid and limp.  Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the King swipe a thumb over his mouth and catch a small dot of white on it, then suck that into his mouth, and Steve realized what it was, and that sight sent a full body shake through him that left him thrumming and hot.  He made some kind of inarticulate noise in the back of his throat and the King smiled down at him, still rubbing his back with firm, sure strokes.
“Happy’s here with the car,” Tony announced.  “Well. Shall we, fellow graduate?”
“I lost everyone that I ever knew,” Steve continued, watching Tony closely.  “My friends, people closer to me than family, everyone.  Everything. It’s gone. This world is barely one that I can recognize, let alone fit into.  I hate not knowing what to do or say.  Half the time, it’s like I’m on the outside of it, looking in and banging at the glass, but no one hears.  I hate it here, at SHIELD, where everyone has some agenda, and they’re not sharing.  I have nightmares where my mouth fills with water so cold it burns.  Some days, it’s all I can do to get myself out of bed, and some nights, I can’t bear to get into it.  Most of the time, I don’t know what I’m doing, but I can’t seem to do anything else, and I think I might hate that, too.  This world—it’s bright and loud and terrible.  And I would do all of that, each day and every day, for the rest of my life, if it meant I got to be with you.”
Domestic science failed him, since the tie was still wrinkled, but he put it on anyway and smoothed it down as best he could.  Taking a quick look at his reflection in the mirror above the dresser, he pivoted around, tilting his head to the side as he studied himself.
“He doesn’t…” Steve started, then cut himself off with a flat grimace.  “To be honest, I’m not usually so...you know.”
“Okay.  Really?  Um, well.  I don’t have that, but there’s internet.  Plenty of books.  DVDs. Nice deck, if you wanted to get a telescope or something.  I could—I could bring one up for you.  If you wanted,” Rogers offered, almost hesitantly.  “Got an empty garage up there you can store whatever you want in.”
“Tony, two days ago you were on the phone yelling at the Director of SHIELD,” Steve reminded him, a warm, low tone of amused appreciation lacing his voice.
“It’s because of me we didn’t stop, isn’t it?” Tony asked.
“Thanks,” Steve said, swallowing hard, and turning to stare at the waiting elevator for a moment.  “Good night, Ms. Potts.”
Steve sighed and dropped his fork with a clatter, rubbing his hands over his face and grinding the heels of his palms against his eyes.
“We’ll get you another car,” Steve promised again.  “One you’ll love.”
For a moment, Tony’s mind blanked into a white noise of anxiety and need, but he managed to nod, throat bobbing as he tried to swallow around the yes that was stuck somewhere in his windpipe, cutting off his air.
“What, we can’t take a stroll?  It’s a free country, Steve,” Sam chimed in.  “A man can stroll.”
“I really didn’t,” Steve said.  He picked up a piece of bread and put it down on his breadplate, staring at it for a moment while he tried to remember if you were supposed to butter it all first or put a pat of butter on your plate and butter each bite, wishing all the while for an easier dilemma.  Like negotiating an armistice.
“Ready?” Tony asked.
And books. Books everywhere.  Rows of them tucked neatly into shelves that took up a whole wall.  Stacks of them here and there, including a large stack that seemed to be serving as a footrest for one of the chairs.  More books than Steve had ever seen in his life.  Whoever lived here must be very learned, Steve figured, though he supposed if he were to live alone in a strange castle hidden in the mountains with books as his only companion, he might be a few things other than just
“Not that kind of painting,” Steve said, though his mind had immediately started to conjure the image of Tony sprawled out on some yacht, with the sun beating down on smooth, tan skin, the blue of the water against the bright, white of the yacht.  He blinked and tried to focus.  “I was thinking more just a portrait.  Or, at least, the start of one. You’re very…expressive.”
Tony stepped down the few steps between them, his expression narrowing as he got closer.  “Steve,” Tony said again, softer this time, sharp concern lacing his voice.
“Yes,” Steve replied flatly.
“Got a funny way of showing it by leaving,” Skinny Steve pointed out.  He was stretched out on Tony’s stomach, nuzzling and stroking his fingers lightly up and down Tony’s cock, leaving a bright line of wetness where he’d had his finger in Tony’s hole.
Steve wasn’t much better, he could admit.  Now that the time for public consumption was almost upon him, he wasn’t sure how to behave or what, exactly, Tony expected from this newfound situation.
There were places like that in the world, or so his mother used to tell him when he sat at her knee while she darned his clothes.  Places that were just a bit separate from their world, almost as if they were adjacent to it, or so his mother said.  Certain parts of the woods, you just didn’t go in, now did you? And if you did, and you met someone there, you absolutely didn’t give them your name or take any food or drink they might offer you.  You left hollowed out trees alone.  You didn’t tromp through a circle of mushrooms. If you saw a cairn of rocks, you turned right from it, never left.  There were all sorts of these known things that Steve didn’t really believe, yet didn’t fully disbelieve, either, and this place, it felt a bit like it had slipped out of one of those places, almost by accident, and found itself here, like a wayward traveller, stranded and alone.
“I’m letting you keep him. He’s yours now luv.” Peggy reaches a shaking hand out to push the bear closer to Mari’s chest.
“How far is a few?”
“Brilliant.” She writes something down on her board before smiling up at them. “Well, I’m done here. A nice, happy home.”
Loud laughing burst from his throat. “We’ll see.”
“Because Daddy and I are a team,” Steve says before giving Tony a quick peck on the lips.
She chuckles. “On occasion but I mostly found shooting them to be more effective. I doubt your father wants you to hear about those kinds of stories though. How about I regale you a tale about Steve’s first attempt at dancing?”
Steve comes around the corner when she sits up with Tony’s help and tugs at her hair with frantic hands. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m really sorry. Don’t be mad. Please. I didn’t mean to break it. It was an accident.” She bursts into body wracking sobs. “Please don’t hate me. I’m sorry. Please.”
“Yeah well, War Machine is more qualified and whoever thinks raising a kid isn’t a full time job has obviously never had one.”
“So that gives her the right to cause bodily harm!?! She actually bit through my child’s skin! He could catch a disease.”
“Shit.” He frowns at the progress bar displayed on the screen and looks at his watch. Then he moves to the door and opens it an inch. “The transfer is taking longer than you said it would…I don’t care if you can’t control everything, I’m gonna have Ironman on my ass God knows when and that’s if the secretary doesn’t wake up first.”
“Till the end of the line.” Bucky whispers back.
Oof. So it's been a while. I've been dealing with school and some financial issues so that made it harder to get the creative juices flowing. Good news, I have my Master's now so school is no longer a factor. Thanks to all of those that have stuck around and keep reading. This has a couple more chapters and then we get to move onto the next installment. Love you all. <3
“Was that because he couldn’t reach the tall end?” asks Mari.
“Pill,” Bucky says under his breath.
“Because losing my head will only make me more scared than I already am!”
Tony groans and stretches out on the counter. “I was enjoying my vacaaaatiooooon…”
“No, I meant the sciencey stuff.”
Mari’s wails increase in volume as the needle breaks her skin. “Daddy! Daaaddy!”
“Well no…I was just kind of hoping this would happen when she was older…and able to mostly look after herself…”
“You want a tootie noise?” he says and angles himself away from her lifting off the chair an inch. “I’ll show you-“
Mari nods and says with practiced ease, “Everyone has strings and you never know who’s pulling them.”
“Steve already left huh?” Bruce asks Tony.
“Oh yeah? Well you’re not worthy of my milk!” Bucky grabs the milk carton.
Mari chooses then to let out a horrible wail that had even Tony covering his ears.
“That’s something you’ll have to take up with her. She didn’t want me to say anything so I didn’t.”
“I find that hard to believe.”
“There was no one else?”
“OH MY GOD! JARVIS! FIND MARI BEFORE STEVE GETS BACK! I CAN’T BELIEVE THIS! I’VE ONLY BEEN A FATHER FOR TWENTY HOURS AN-” Tony comes running out into the living area and slows when he sees Mari staring at him from the stool. “-nnnnnnd you’re out here.”
“You never saw me.” She then crawls into the drawer and closes it as best she can from the inside. A bit of her quilt gets caught and Tony watches it get tugged in.
“Yeah! And look at the watch Daddy made me!” She held out her right arm to reveal the thick white band. She presses one of four buttons and green numbers with the time and smaller numbers with some sort of data appears on the surface. “Do you like it?” She spins around and gets her feet tangled in Thor’s cape. Steve’s arm shoots out and steadies her.
“Exactly why it took you seventy years to lose your virginity.”
“Ah look! It’s a miracle!” says Tony.
“Can I haz apple chips?”
“Hi Mr. Happy!” She waves. “Hi Misterrrrrr….”
Ms. Flander shoots a glare at her.
“Maph mf!” Bucky says around his guzzling.
“That’s okay. It’s been a while since you’ve spanked me.”
“Because you adopted me because you wanted me to be part of your family and…not theirs…”
“There are some things I just like doing by hand.” He slides his hand over Tony’s abs and down to cup his crotch.
Mari giggles.
The billionaire leans over and places a kiss on his frowning husband’s cheek before taking a seat next to him.
“What freak out?”
“Heeeeey.” Tony and Mari whine.
“Damn right you’re not.” Tony clenches causing Steve to tighten his grip. “Now what was that about pounding I heard earlier?” He circles his hips.
Bucky chuckles and stands himself. “You’re probably right.” She turns to leave but he grabs her wrist to stop her. “Wait. Um...thank you.”
Bucky slowly sat on the end of the bed and waited for her to continue.
“Chocolate!”
“Just because he’s a stuffed animal, doesn’t mean he doesn’t have feelings. Now apologize!” She shoves the bear at him again.
“Can I get in on some of that?” Clint asks.
“Cliché I know but who the fuck really cares as long as his checks clear am I right?”
“I can’t believe you made that work,” Clint groans over the comm.
“Please do it soon,” says Sam. “I was only here for the tail end of the Stony incident and that was painful enough. I’d rather not watch it again from the beginning.”
“Oops.” Tony glances down at Mari and then back up to his husband sheepishly. “I mean…tushie?”
“Oh, Tony. He’s not really a boy Buck.”
“You’ll be fine. We have a schedule. Having a schedule keeps her calm and it will tell you what to do. You also have Jarvis and I’m sure if you ask nicely Pepper or Happy will help too. Right Jarvis?”
Mari starts to crawl out from under the table. When she sees Rhodey, a smile splits her face and she shoots out the rest of the way. “Uncle Jamie!” She crashes into his legs and squeezes tight.
Everyone except Black Widow who watches them closely.
“I pulled this out of the wall. It nearly hit the entertainment center.” Bruce holds out a large caliber bullet.
Steve is looking at him. In fact everyone is looking at him.
“Maybe I should start paying attention to those,” he says.
“The short stack.”
Mari turns to Steve and shakes her head as he starts to stand.
“Trying to skip the middle man and talk to your inner demons the techy way?” Tony asks as his eyes scan the screen.
Mari gasps. “Are you telling me he’s the house?”
“You’re lucky that you’re holding Mari,” Pepper says as she hangs up her phone. “Otherwise I’m pretty sure she’d bash your skull in with a stapler.”
When Mari looks up from the merry-go-round, Bucky has the camera on his phone pointed at her. She raises a hand to wave only to cling back to the railing when the centrifugal force threatens to throw her off. She only squeaks out a “Hi!”
“That didn’t answer my question.”
The penthouse floor is filled with various Avengers and their family members. Every so often Tony would throw a party and open up the tower to extended members and those close to the team.  It was good for keeping connections and moral healthy. And a Stark never turned down an excuse for a good party. Even Mari had seemed to be having a good time. Earlier in the night Ben and Mae had stopped by which she was ecstatic about. Then he had seen her playing with a couple of the kids running around. That had been a while ago though. He was starting to get a little itchy about where she had disappeared off to.
“I’m sorry, WHO tried to buy her Disneyland?”
“That doesn’t make it any less scary. But that’s why I brought this in for you.” He flips the shield and lays it on top of her. “See if this helps you sleep tonight.”
“Mama was the smartest person in the whole world! She knew everything. She taught me how to use a computer.”
“From the man in the trees.”
Peggy reaches across the end table and brushes her fingers along Mari’s cheek. “And you think we aren’t scared? Believe me dear you can’t do what we do and not be scared. Bravery isn’t the absence of fear it is the ability to act in spite of it.”
“Uh-oh. I knew we should have made him go up with Sam and Happy. How bad was it?”
“You should be more worried about Mari getting to you. Next time you give away her sugar, it’s night night Buck, I can tell you that much.”
“Now that we apparently have to fear attacks from the Kindergarten League,” says Sam, at which point Steve hangs his head and rubs his throbbing shoulder. “Will our training be reflecting that? Such as drills in what to do during a temper tantrum or the use of the tickling method?”
“It’s a surprise.” Tony collects the markers and puts them with the eraser on the coffee table. He waggles his eyebrows at her when she continues to frown at him.
Disclaimer:
“Well, my Mama used to make a lamb pie that was dreadful but chicken pot pie is the product of Sata-“
“-wasn’t your fault Val. He tricked a lot of people to get up there. I’m just glad he didn’t hurt you more seriously,” Tony says. He winces when Bruce puts pressure on one of the dark bruises peppered along his chest.
Steve leans in to kiss his husband but meets air when Tony shoots up from his relaxed pose. The inventor leans forward and as he squints he can see Mari looking between her sketchbook and a lump on the ground. “Should we really be letting her play with wild animals?”
“He says he will tell Clint this,” Yinsen said a moment later after whatever it was passed between the translator and Steve that made Steve nod gravely and hold such a stern frown that Tony knew by now wasn’t real.  When Steve did actually get angry, like the thing with Obie, he just got very, very quiet and still, and it turned out, somewhat to Tony’ surprise, that this was actually pretty rare.
me out of bed with a sweet piece of ass like that in it. Bet he takes it like a champ, huh? All slick and easy, you know how they get, but tight, too, ‘cause you know they aren’t going to pass off some subway O on Captain America? No way, man, no way.”
“Do you want some water?  Or food?  Ms. Potts said there will be dinner at the inn tonight, but there are confits, pickled vegetables, and some bread and cheese, if you want it. And some candied oranges,” Cam said, mumbling the last, as if it was a mere afterthought.  Steve watched him rummage around in one of the small chests near his feet, coming up with one of the potted confits and holding it out to Steve with a hopeful expression.  Steve shook his head and gritted his teeth. “Are you sure you are not unwell?” Cam asked for probably the fifth time.  “You do not look well,” Cam continued. “You barely even noticed all the people who came out to see us off. Nearly the whole city turned out! Even more than before. Ms. Potts said they would, because the King was leaving for so long, but I have never seen so many people all in one place.  It was amazing,” Cam beamed. “Did you hear them calling for you?”  Cam asked.
As Steve walks up he can see that Bucky is looking towards where Natasha and Clint are talking. He takes a step toward them only to step back and mumble to himself. Steve bumps his shoulder into Bucky’s. “Pretty nice view huh?”
“You’ll have to switch to hemodialysis. Don’t worry, Mr. Stark pretty much owns all the equipment on this floor so I’m sure we have a machine you can use.”
“Tony…”
“Like the red queen. Minus the whole having us beheaded. You’re going to have to wait until you’re ten before you start can trying to knock us off for the inheritance.”
They both turn to watch Steve twist up the chains so Mari spins.
Yeah, that was it. He could turn the closet into a bathroom. It need to be widened out but it should be easy enough to hook into the plumbing.
Mari’s smiling face drops as he approaches the door. In her head she hears growling and a low whisper. She lets out a small whine.
“Nice slide.”
“Yeah?”
“Three.”
“I was talking about an actual morning workout but I appreciate the offer.” He kisses along the column of his neck. “Maybe it’ll be best if you stay in bed. I’ll get you an ice pack before I start up.” He pulls himself from the bed with a loving pat to Tony’s sore rear end.
“Heads don’t pop back so easily. The brain is very sensitive. He needs help getting back on his feet.” Mari sets the bear on his feet only for it to topple. “See? Just an absolute mess.”
“I don’t think Natalia likes me much,” says Bucky.
“I’ve been to Brooklyn!”
“She has some pretty serious conditions.”
“Wait, you don’t know the plan either?”
Tony chuckles before taking a seat on the bench.
Bucky looks over at Clint.
“...yeah. If you think you can handle it with…”He motions to his head. “You know.”
“Have you seen what your suits look like in the dark? I doubt having a metal man with glowing eyes watching her would help.”
Steve looks up to see the tablet on the kitchen counter come to life with information. His heart stops when he hears a small whimper.
“She’s been picking at her pump again. Her doctor has already taken care of it but he suggested,” here she gives Mari a pointed look, “that she take it easy.”
“Heheh. I’m kind of disappointed I didn’t come up with that one myself.”
“Naw I’m pretty sure that’s due to the attention span and bird puns. Sam and I already combed the place Nat. Even you have looked over the area once already. If they WERE there they aren’t anymore.”
“I am so sorry Tony…”
“Two hours. Three at most. It’s in the Ion conference room.”
“Stupid spies and their stupid mind games…” Tony mumbles under his breath.
Steve taps his foot impatiently while listening to the ringing.
“Suuuuure,” Sam says as he pours.
“Don’t worry, she looks at all the new comers like that. She’s just trying to work you out.” Steve leads him towards the door. “And her name’s Natasha. We just call her Nat though.”
“Not very creative is he?” Clint says over the comm.
“He say when?” Tony asks.
“Nobody says we have to. Maybe they’d agree to letting us keep custody if we allow visitation.”
“Oh is someone jealous?” Tony shoots back. “Don’t worry. We’ll get one too.” He leans to the opposite side and into Rhodey’s personal space. Holding up the camera so the two of them are in the frame he says, “Smile!”
Bruce sighs. “Tony-“
Mari stood in front of the doors and rocked back and forth on her heels.	She didn’t understand why her parents were acting so weird. They had been hiding something from her since yesterday. She didn’t know what but it was something big. They would whisper to each other when they thought she wasn’t paying attention with frowns but when she’d ask them about it they’d just say it was a surprise with a smile plastered on their faces. She didn’t like surprises. The last time she got a surprise a cps agent said she wouldn’t be going home again. This new surprise felt like it was eating a hole in her stomach. There were a million thoughts as to what it could be. Or who. What little information they gave her pointed it to being a person or people. As her head raced with possible scenarios she tugs at her hair. She’s starting to wish she had grabbed Bucky Bear first.
“How come Daddy calls Miss Agent Carter Aunt Peggy when her name isn’t Stark or Carbonell?”
Steve chuckles at that. There was not much that could get under the Asguardian’s skin and what could, usually involved Jane. “I’ll pass on the message. Janet, thanks for helping us out. Nat is back from her mission tonight so the rest of you will be back in her capable hands for the rest of the week. Any questions before we leave?”
“I didn’t realize you were so interested in computers,” says Steve.
“Grabbing some files to help fix…um…the AI…thing…”
“I’m sorry baby girl. I didn’t mean to wake you.” Tony murmurs into her hair, placing a kiss there.
“Alright, let’s get this party started.” Tony claps his hands and rubs them together. Then he takes Mari from Steve to set her on the ground. He pushes her glasses back up her nose. “Why don’t you go wait by the elevator to greet them?”
“Mr. Stark! We still have ten-“
“Of course you can kotenok,” says Nat. “Clint, hand over the controller.”
“Okay.” Steve stands and plucks Mari off the table. “That’s enough Hill. This can wait till later.”
What he does not know is that his assistant had turned in the other direction after they left the examination room and made his way towards the back exit. As he passes a bin he slips off his white coat and shucks it through the hole. He finds his way out of the building and into an alley before he pulls out a cell phone and flips it open. He punches in a number and waits for the ringing on the line to stop before saying, “Stark just received the last of the injections. He still doesn’t know.”
“Great idea. You can start by coming to the meeting.” Pepper motions towards the door.
“Hell yeah.” Bucky stands and starts to make his way over.
He pauses before turning to the bear. He speaks in a slow voice. “I am sorry.” He then looks to Mari.
“But you should still come find us if you see him again.” Tony shoots Steve a disapproving look.
“Not as far-“ Falcon grunts with effort. “As far as I can tell. Looks like Thor got out the few that were in there before the building came down.”
“What? How do u expect us to spell ‘fun’ without f and u?” He winks at them before going out the glass door.
Tony yelps and coughs some of the coffee back into the cup. “Ow! What!?!”
“Please don’t ruin another American icon for me.”
“Um…Kiddo…what are you doing?” Tony asks in a groggy voice.
After clean up and prep the new family eventually make it out to the car. The following debate of where to shop was solved with a coin toss. Tony won which meant flashy and overly expensive. They arrive at a posh child’s boutique. Steve and Tony at first try to have Mari pick out her outfits but they give it up as a lost cause when she becomes distracted by the multicolored size tags that have fallen off some of the hangers and starts disappearing into the center of the circular racks to collect them. They agree that she may be better suited to a consultant position.
“Ok everyone. That’s it. I have all your reports but Thor, if you need paper, just ask. I don’t think SHIELD can process this.” Steve holds up two long sheets of parchment written in what looked like quill ink.
“What about all those raging hormones and periods you were so terrified of?”
“He’s the computer that runs most of Tony’s life,” Steve explains.
“You think we’re going to be taking her into battle?” Tony asks.
“Which floor do you work on? I assume you’re tech support.”
“Of course! Food, hotties, kids I can sneak toys to to annoy their parents, i.e. Jeffory from accounting, it’s a blast.” Clint pops a hors d’oeuvre into his mouth from a platter he has balanced on the railing.
(See the end of the chapter for
“N-no,” Steve moans as his hips stutter.
“I didn’t sleep with him. It was just some heavy petting. Really heavy petting. And hands...”
Mari liked Aunt Peggy. She was nice and had lots of stories tell. Not all of them were grand epics. Most were about the silly things her friends and her did between missions or when Steve and her reconnected after the ice. The ones that were about their deeds though, seemed too grand to be real. “Wooooooow. That really happened?”
“Why not?”
“What’s up with the tower Jarvis?”
“They didn’t let him join though until they decided to pump him full of miracle grow.”
Steve tries to frown at his husband but a smile causes the corners of his mouth to twitch. “Shut up pip.” He knocks Tony’s shoulder as he walks past him to the kitchen.
“He started it!” Bucky and Sam say in unison.
“The famous people channel says you and Captain Rogers are looking to adopt. The spit up stain on your shirt says you’re looking at babies.”
“Let me look at your hand.” Steve says as he cups Tony’s red hand in his.
“Me too. I mean, then I’d miss out on Papa Steve. Please tell me she’s made you play dress up.”
“Your child is a menace! Look what she did to my baby!” She jabs a finger towards the bully that is now leaking snot, tears, and blood.
“Please, call me Tony.” Tony shakes her hand and then Ben’s. He winces at the strong grip the old man uses. “Um, Mari is with Steve visiting an old friend of ours right now but would you like to come over for dinner tomorrow?”
“Nonsense. We already have to fake emergencies to get him down here. If I do that he won’t EVER get any work done.”
Tony arches an eyebrow at his pastel purple attire. “Nice sweat suit.”
“Official word that we’ve been given is the system is down for maintenance,” says Sam.
“You can’t leave me alone with her! Are you crazy!?!”
They wait and the elevator quickly brings them back up to the apartment. The first thing they hear makes Tony groan in frustration.
“And the pain? Where is it?” The doctor presses the flesh of his pectorals, focusing on the muscles closest to the reactor.
“EVEN MORE!?!” Tony twists to glare at him. “SHIT!” He twists forward again and wraps an arm around his torso.
“BIG AND SCARY!” Mari yells back.
“Tony-“
“There you are.” Tony sighs in relief. He wraps her in a tight hug before pulling her away to look her over. “Why are you covered in dirt?” He brushes mud from her sleeves and her knees.
“Amen to that.”
“If that’s what it takes to keep my daughter but first I’d like to extend an olive branch.”
Sam and Steve look up to see Tony shuffling in with a dozing Mari on his hip. He’s in his sweats and black a shirt with his arc reactor shining through and Mari’s glasses hanging off the collar. Steve smiles to see Mari still in her Captain America pajamas with the sleeve straining around the cast on her arm.
“Well I thought it was funny,” Tony chuckles and turns back to the doors.
“One thing at a time.” Tony and him kiss before going back to the task at hand. When the cycler is finished Tony goes about cleaning and putting the tubes up.
“Well let’s just see what happens when I-“ Count Nefaria breaks off his sentence with a yell when the doors burst open with a blast and a shield flies forward to lodge itself into the computer.
The Count opens his mouth only to be interrupted by the tech sitting next to him. “Boys, your both pretty. Can I have just one moment of quiet? You’ve been at this for two hours and I need to focus. Believe it or not, I’m not tapping at this thing in an attempt create a sick beat.”
“But they're yummy.”
“Let’s get you down to the lab shall we?” He places the sheet of paper on the table and slides the metal pieces onto it before folding them up. He turns towards the stair way that leads down to his lab.
“Yeah I know. I’ve got dark roast running through my veins.” Tony reaches over and opens his mouth to take a bite of the sandwich. He pauses and decides to check it. It had layers of ham and Swiss with lettuce. He smiles at the remnant of a happy face drawn on it with chipotle sauce. Deciding it was somewhat safe, he takes an experimental bite. No funny flavours. He eats half the sandwich in a few large bites before setting it down and moving to the bathroom. On the way to the shower he passes Steve who gives his ass a pinch. Tony gives him a wink before turning on the water. “So what’s on the schedule today?”
“Hold it right there.” Tony snaps, coming around the other side of the desk to glare at the therapist. “I don’t care how many degrees you have on your wall or how loud she cries, you will not let her think for an instant we would return her like some glitchy electronic!” He holds out his hand to Mari. “Come on, Kiddo. We’re cutting your appointment short today.”
Tony pretends to stroke his goatee as he stifles a laugh.
Sam preens at the recognition. “Yep. That’s me. The super cool dude that flies.”
“My mama said it was a naughty word I should never look up.”
“Sir,” Jarvis says. “Miss Potts and Col. Rhodes have arrived. They are on their way up.”
“RUN NOW!” He pushes her up the stairs and she finally starts to move up the steps.
She turns around and makes grabbing hands up at him. He almost doesn’t stop his knee jerk reaction to pick her. Instead he turns her back around. “Go on. I promise. You’ll like this surprise. We’re right behind you.”
“Not really. I used to get my di…di…al…”
“You’re my family too Bucky!”
“But I suck at making friends. No one wants to play with me at the park.”
“So what you’re basically saying is we’ve got the bastards?” Clint asks excited, before going still and looking towards the ceiling confused. “Really? Bastard is on your list of approved words?”
The rebar groans and tilts as more of it falls apart.
Once Mari is finished Steve gathers the plates and Tony takes her to get ready. They pick out a comfy purple Tinkerbell sweatshirt with dark jeggings and Avengers socks to top it off. Tony moves her to the vanity and starts trying to tame the fuzz ball on her head while she watches a documentary on the Large Hadron Collider with a stuffed dragon on her lap.
“Ow! Right in the kneecap.” She looks up at the large blurry figure. “Kiddo, what have I told you about running around without your glasses?”
“Fancy meeting you here. Mind helping me out again?”
“Not unless it’s quiz bowl.”
Bucky smirks. “Oh yeah? What’s your plan for boys?”
“Clint found some new recipes online.” Bruce says as he goes to one of his cabinets. He comes back with a brown bottle and hands it to Tony. “Here’s your iodide. Take Mari and go bond.” He kneels down and says to Mari in a stage whisper. “I bet if you say please he’ll show you the switch for the big A on the side of the building.”
“What?” he asks smirking.
“Are we going to Disneyland yet?”
Mari screws her face up in disgust.
“Yes. How come you said I was wrong when I asked if you were the man from the exhibit? You’re Papa’s friend right?”
“Make that three.” She surges forward.
“On the servers. We keep these files as a hardcopy and if someone makes a search relating to them I hear about it. Can’t hack paper.”
“I will?”
Tony nods and follows the doctor into the office. He did not know what exactly to expect but it was...more colorful than he thought it would be. The walls were the same shade of beige as the walls in the waiting room but these had brightly colored posters. All had smiling faces of children, animals, and cartoon characters. There was even a “Hang In There” cat poster. On the couch were pillows shaped and embroidered like emoticons and some of the shelves had an assortment of toys. Tony quirked an eyebrow at how high they were kept, far out of reach of grabby children. He followed the therapist to the opposite side of the room. Over by the windows was a rainbow colored circle rug with a couple bean bags and a larger chair. Mari was sitting on a green bag looking bored to tears.
“Liiiiiiiiiike THIS!” He rolls the covers around her like a burrito and snuggles down around her, half laying on her, and blows raspberries into her neck.
Mari gasps. “Are you my grandma now?”
Tony catches sight of his husband’s dropped jaw and joins him by the punch bowl to investigate. He gives Steve a peck on the corner of his mouth and leans his body against him. “What’s the gossip soldier boy?”
“Okay, okay.” He lifts her off his shoulders and sets her on the ground. He wraps his hand around hers. “You gotta hold my hand though.”
“Tony, wake up. Tony.” Steve gives him a harsh shake and Tony’s eyes snap open.
“Which database sir?”
She catches herself against the railing and clings to the bar. After a moment the stairs still but the ominous groaning continues.
“You expecting an army?” Sam asks.
“That’s what Daddy and Papa keep telling me.”
Steve turns back to Fury, “How close did he get?”
“…people always say that…until it happens for the fifth night in a row…”
The jet gets up into the air and Wasp rejoins the fight. She flits across the field. Men fall and get throw into each other as she fires blast after blast.  Falcon swoops down and takes out another ten. Thor lands and swings his hammer into another agent.
“Even Jarvis?”
Tony just hangs his head and buries his face in his hands.
“I swear, if you say acclimate I will throw you over the railing.”
“Thank you,” she mumbles against his pant leg.
“You need to stop?” she asks.
“Probably because we’ve been looking for him. We didn’t make the connection before because our information was apparently outdated. Chameleon is a master of disguise and in recent years he has been using a device that almost puts his disguises on the level of shapeshifter. And apparently he’s upgraded said device.” Natasha pulls out one of the photos of the buckle that was in the folder. Then she taps at the table top and an image of Agent Not-an-agent is displayed in front of him. She zooms in on the man’s belt buckle.
“She gets sweetie and I get Barton? What kind of favoritism bull-“ Clint’s tongue goes dead when Steve shoots him a death glare. Clint turns to put the game box away as fast as he can.
“We’re clear.” He says into his comm.
Guess what! I'm not dead! But I am currently getting my Master's right now so my sluggish updates will be much more sluggish. This chapter is mostly fluffy. I'll probably spend 2-3 more chapters getting Bucky settled in and then we'll move onto the next installment. That will be a lot of
“Would you like some lemonade Mr. Stark?”
“But you can get the data? You can get through the encryption?”
“Jarvis you still have that list we put together when we were originally looking at adoption?”
Bucky gives a hard laugh at that. “And she’s a troublemaker? Oh I’m going to love seeing you run around like a chicken with his head cut off.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Right. Sorry. I have trouble not talking. Zipping my lip. Right now.” Tony flashes a Stark smile Dr. Krevin’s way.
“We found something you’ll want to see,” she says as she places the beads at the corners of the table. They flare to life projecting the Avengers Intelligence Interface as Steve walks up.
“Why not a health bar?” Steve pulls out the foil covered rectangle and shakes it.
“That’s right.” He sets the towel aside to tug her shirt on. “And that’s how it is with us. I love you more than I could describe.” He cups her face between his hands and squishes her cheeks in. “But that doesn’t mean I love your dad any less. And just because you love your great aunt and uncle doesn’t mean you have any less love to give us.” He kisses her nose. “So no. I’m not mad. In fact the more people that love you the better in my books.” He kisses her nose again and slips on her glasses. “Let’s go say nite, nite to Daddy.”
“Don’t put yourself out.” She continues down the road between the buildings. She wanders as her sharp eyes scan over her surroundings. All the while Clint babbles in her ear.
Tony watches out of the corner of his eye and listens for the lift to move. Once he hears it he snaps the file shut again and turns to Mari. “Okay! Who wants to see their room?”
“I don’t have to. I know you and I can see your fists. You punched whoever you were fighting, hard, and you took a lot of hits.”
Sam holds the box away and pours some in his mouth. “Is your name on the box? No!”
“She hacked into Jarvis with a remote…and a microwave?”
“How about what he said to you? What did he look like?”
“There’s nothing you don’t already know! Nothing’s changed. Her case is the same as when we adopted her!”
He sighs and mumbles under his breath as he changes the documentary to Princess Dairies. “Kids these days…” he goes back to extracting the brush. Then he moves to putting a natural product into her hair in an attempt to loosen up some of the tangles. It starts to lay flat and Tony pulls away once it is in a manageable state. “Ah-ha! Think I got it!” His smile falls when her bangs poof back up with a pop. Mari looks at him in the mirror expectantly. “…..I hear fluff is in this season...”
“If Jarvis says nobody is in there, nobody’s in there.” When she still seems apprehensive he gives her the signature Stark smirk. “Hey, you’re in a room with two of Earth’s Mightiest Heroes. I guarantee that if there is anything in that closet we can kick it’s a-“ He stutters at the death glare Steve gives him. “-ppendages.”
“Tony…” Steve groans.
Tony sighs and drags his hand down his face. “But, come on Steve! You’re Papa. She still calls me Tony.”
“And you’re called a wuss. You’ve battled aliens I think the big bad Ironman can take on a five year old and come out okay.” She leans forward and taps their drinks together in a toast, then goes and joins the others by the couches. “So when is it present time?”
“Could you?”
“Congratulations. You’ve just earned yourself a little field trip,” the man hisses out.
“Two dollars have been added to your cuss total Agent Barton.” The computer states.
Steve rolls his eyes as they start fighting and wrestling again. “Come on guys…guys. Guys! Knock it off! Don’t make me-”
“You have any suggestions?” Steve arches an eyebrow at her.
“And he’s going to get it. Two floors down.” Tony throws out his arms in confusion.
Mari doesn’t even twitch as she continues to doze.
“NOT MIN-“ Tony’s mouth snaps shut. He glances at Bucky before glaring at Steve. “Outside.”
She sticks out her lower lip and crosses her arms before turning to glare at Bucky. “You’re off the team meanie.”
“Jarvis? Jarvis!?!” Tony tries to move his limbs but they remain steadfast. Why did he make the suit so goddamn heavy? He grunts as he fights against the pressure.
“…I can get it if you want.”
Mari climbs out from under the desk and wraps her fingers around his. He marches her back towards the door.
Tony takes the sheet from Steve. “She’s a Stark. She was getting accepted either way. But we’ll put it in the maybe pile.” He lets the paper slide from his hand to join the other three sheets.
Tony barks out a bitter laugh.
“You know, Manon is good people. You could do worse,” Sam says.
“Entropy,” Tony says.
“Why would he want those? He would have already had access to them if he made himself a login profile.” Steve asks.
The man lets out a high pitched squeak. “WAIT, I CAN STOP THE NANITES!”
“Believe me, I’d give you a discount. That runt was a thorn in my side.”
“Mr. Stark!”
“What can kind of complication!?!” Tony demands, pulling out of Steve’s hold and standing.
“And then I met Daddy.”
“I got some leads from some ATM footage but the trail went cold. Pretty sure he’s still in town though.”
“Of course Kiddo.” He wraps his arms around her in a hug and lifts her up. He walks them out of the bathroom, Jarvis turning off the lights and heating lamp behind them, and into her bedroom across the hall. “You’re having lunch with them tomorrow, remember?” He sets her feet on the bed and grabs her PJ bottoms. He shakes them out. As he holds them out for her to step into, his eyes zero in on her teeth gnawing on her bottom lip. “What’s wrong?” He looks up into her eyes.
“It’s three o’clock in the afternoon and it turns on automatically.”
Steve leans forward into Tony’s shaking shoulder to stifle his laugh.
“Aw. Isn’t she the most adorable little piece of sunshine,” coos Mrs. Rhodes.
“We’re on the last story. Papa was excited. He said it was one of his favorites…” Mari does not look at him but that was normal. They had found she had a thing about eye contact. She was getting better though as she got more comfortable. The problem was her chewing on her lower lip.
Before entering the hall Mari glances back over her shoulder. Something serious was happening. That much she can tell. Something about a weird dream machine? But no one is telling her anything. Again. She turns to return to her room but movement catches her eye. She looks to the window on the wall adjacent the elevator. There’s something shiny and small crawling along the surface. She looks back at the table again but all the adults are focused on the projections. She tiptoes closer to the window trying to move as slowly and quietly as possible. As she got closer she could make out the shape of a small bug on the high set window. When it moves around its shiny exoskeleton catches the light and glints. It’s no longer than an inch. Coming out of its small head is a wicked looking needle, making it resemble a scary looking mosquito. Images of it biting her or laying thousands of eggs in her ears while she sleeps flash in her mind. A shiver races across her skin and she looks around for something to swat it with. When she doesn’t see anything she whispers her plan of attack to Bucky Bear. Then, with slow precise steps, brandishing Bucky Bear, she approaches the mosquito. It buzzes close to the glass, landing a little higher up. As she gets under the window, her grip on her bear tightens. Then, before it can move, she jumps and swings Bucky Bear as hard as she can at it.
“You know, Nat is right.” When Tony gives him a blank look he continues. “About how we’re going to be okay. You aren’t going to be as terrible of a father as you think you will be. We’ll do it together. Like we always do.”
“Captain Rogers.”
“Of course. Anything for you, dorogoi.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah.” He takes the book back and puts it back in his jacket. “Say that word and I’ll drop like a sack of potatoes. I won’t wake up until about an hour later. Teach it to the rest of the team and Mari in case HYDRA ever gets to me.”
“That’s what this chip does right?” she asks. “It translates neor-neu-brain stuff into digital data that can be displayed.”
“That would have worked with an iron suit too,” Tony says as Steve climbs in behind him and pulls Tony to his chest.
“You knew!?!” Steve exclaims.
“Where does she learn this stuff?” Bucky asks as he watches his best friend play chicken with a child that barely passes his knee.
Clint accelerates and comes around the corner to see the man scoop up a trash can lid. He then flings it against the wall where it ricochets off the brick and into Sam’s face.
“Of course not!” Tony plucks her off the counter and gives her a toss. He catches her and gives her a sloppy kiss on the cheek.
He grunts when a wild kick lands just left of his groin. “Okay, okay. Truce.” He pulls the edge of the cover up to wipe away the drool and rearranges them into a more comfortable position. She curls into him and rests her face against his arc reactor. He smiles and runs his hand through her hair. “I love you Kiddo. And so does Papa. He just gets tunnel vision sometimes. He’ll make it up to you tomorrow.”
“We’re still combing through all the data I dug up at the Maggia hideout,” says Nat. “Then we have to dig through what SHIELD dumped on us after they went and cleaned it out.”
“Hey! Knock it off you little punk,” Bucky calls as he makes his way across the playground.
Still. He didn’t like it.
l and having a chance, all of it came together for that one night, and--and he knew, for many reasons, it wouldn’t happen again.
“Nothing,” Steve said, shooting him a quick look
“Well, those are clearly not the same as Pop-Tarts, Bruce, what did you expect?” Tony observed, pulling out a chair and picking up the row of cards Natasha had dealt him.
?  You really thought Steve just wanted your money?
He wondered what it would be like if Steve slid his hand up, traced the chain around the back of Tony’s neck, ran his fingers over it where it lay against Tony’s skin.  If Steve cupped his hand there, pressed the tiny, round balls of metal into the curve of Tony’s neck and held it there, pushed, just hard enough to be insistent, so Tony would know.
“It’s okay, Tony,” Steve said softly, turning to look at him while one hand hung loosely on the eyepiece.  He reached out with his other hand and wrapped it around Tony’s wrist, over the pulse point, just for an instant, before drawing back.  “I like listening to you.”
“Galileo and Edison, huh? That’s a bit different from what I do down at the studio,” Steve told him.
Steve looked up at the man in surprise.  “Gulleytown?” he repeated, sniffing a bit around the word.
“Food first, then a bath for you,” Tony said as he gently wiped the warm, wet cloth over Steve’s skin before pulling the blanket back into place.  “I’ve sent for Cam to attend you while I’m at dinner,” he said with a grimace. “If you need me, you are to send for me immediately, do you understand?”
He and Rhodey had plotted out their course across campus. It had taken them the whole day to get the damn thing to their apartment, but they'd spent it stopping at various points on their journey for snacks and posing for photos. His mind flashed to the one of the whole lot of them in the middle of Eastman Court with that stupid sofa that Thor, Steve and Barnes had managed to balance precariously between the Hexagons sculpture, Tony lounging across it with a floor lamp that Nat supplied from God only knew where next to him, everyone else slotted inside the hexagons with various living room odds and ends the always eager to get up to something MIT students had helpfully supplied. He wondered who had that picture. Nat, probably. That had been the last time they were all together like that. Well, until the other night.
“The King promised he would get me a bird,” Cam said.
“See. Delusional. You should definitely take him in,” Rhodey said as he studied Tony from his perch on the back of the sofa.
“I'm not going to—to do that. If that's what you're worried about. I won't touch you. Like that, I mean,” Steve said, letting his head fall to his chest before turning to look at Tony. Even across the distance separating them, Tony felt pinned by that look, bug on a backboard-style.
Almost idly, he wondered what Tony would do to him. Anticipation and a concordant burst of shame coiled hot in his gut. He hadn’t planned the night’s events, yet now it felt almost inevitable, like a tide creeping ever closer towards the empty beach. Ever since Koltun, perhaps, he thought. Koltun and its ship and that terrible dinner when he had held his tongue like this collar kept him from speaking.
He wanted to touch himself.  Needed to touch himself.  Rub at his cock, even through his robes, shift up against the seat, take his cock in hand and give his balls some relief from the weight….something,
Steve stopped what he was doing, and turned back to Anto.  His face did that thing where it went soft and relaxed that Anto liked.  It was a good face. “Yeah. Yeah, those are good things, Tony. You make good things.  Amazing things. We need to go,” he added, as one of the men on the ground groaned and rolled slightly to the side.
Tony rubbed the pad of his thumb back and forth over the back of Steve’s hand, just below where the tape flattened and IV tube to the vein.  Tony was vaguely aware of blue-gloved hands adding padding and dressing to cover the wound, and soon, it was gone in a cloud of white.  That’s where the star goes, Tony thought with sudden dizzying pitch of near-hysteria.  It was crazy.  All of this was crazy, except no one was acting like it was crazy, and that somehow made it worse, because Tony was the fool who thought this was crazy.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And who is he? Really?” she asked quietly, watching him with slanted eyes.  The question hung in the air, but Steve couldn’t quite get himself to respond.  What had he thought about Tony last night, still running on a high from the drinking and food and the feel of Tony wrapped around him?  Interesting. Different.  Larger than life.  All those things and none of them seemed to fit the man he got to know last night.
Tony was looking at him with such awe, his face soft and eyes crinkled at the corners, wet with emotion.  He was beautiful.  He had only to look at Tony to know this. What did it matter if this was only for another couple of months?  He could have this. He would have this, and give this to Tony in return, this wondrous, indescribable feeling, this joy, this pleasure, this everything.
“One of the other concubines said they never stay long before they are sold off,” Steve replied, setting his sketchbook to the side. “She hoped to be sold to your harem, I think.  Amara.”
“Th—thanks,” Tony managed to rasp out.  He cleared his throat and tried to look down at the tie, one hand coming up to test the knot at his throat.  He trailed it down, following the line of the tie where Steve’s hand had smoothed it down, until he felt the stiff metal of the dog tags underneath the silk.  They always calmed him, for some reason.  But now, if he pressed, he could feel his heart fluttering behind them, a butterfly flapping its wings and changing the weather.  Chaos.
“Do you have a, ah, a preference?” Steve asked.
“What do you want?” Tony husked out, voice rough as his hands scrabbled up and down over Steve’s arms and shoulders.
“Fair enough,” Nat replied with a shrug.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, well.  Same to you, though, you know?” Tony replied softly, looking up at Steve.  Steve’s face softened, and he should his head just a bit, then smiled. Tony wound his arms around Steve’s hips and lay his cheek against Steve’s chest.  He felt Steve’s chest heave a bit with a sigh, followed by the warm pressure of Steve’s lips on the crown of his head.  Tony smiled, then lifted his gaze up to Steve.  “Hey, so, on a revenge scale from zero to Inigo Montoya, how petty is it to send Tabbert a year’s supply of Depends?”
Steve ducked his head, let out a long rush of air through his nose and opened the door.  His mind flashed to days spent playing chess with Cam while Tony worked and called out moves from a gameboard he could see in his head, long hours of sketching and half-listening while Tony patiently explained whatever it was he was building to Cam, and books read aloud over meals that evolved into discussion and debate between mouthfuls.  What did they look like to someone like Cam? He and Tony?  Was that what happiness looked like?  For a heartbeat, his eyes watered and prickled, and he wanted nothing more than to agree, to embrace it, free himself of the push to fight, sink into this thing with Tony and just let himself be happy and demand nothing more than that.  It sounded so simple.  He hung a hand on the edge for a moment, before glancing back to look at Cam.
He stares at the fuzzy face for a moment before looking back to her. “He’s a stuffed animal.”
“Aye. Það er nóg svipað mína eigin.” (Aye. It is similar enough to my own.)
“You’re not feeling nauseas anymore? Dialysis took a bit out of you today.”
Steve then picks her up and takes her out to the kitchen. Mari sits on a stool at the breakfast bar as she watches Steve prepare a large amount of eggs and bacon. He was telling her about how he and Tony met when they heard a loud yelp.
courting skills.”
“Few cyberattacks over the years that left her targets’ head spinning so fast they couldn’t tell their pie holes from their assholes.” Ka-ching sounds. “What the fuck was that?” Another ring.
“That was left on a roof top near the hideout.”
“Ég hef aldrei hitt neinn utan mína eigin fjölskyldu sem talaði íslensku!” (I've never met anyone outside my own family who spoke Icelandic!)
“We are not letting her near the flammables until she’s a teenager.”
Steve closes the distance. Now that he is closer he can see the dirt and blood speckled on his husband’s shirt. There is a dark bruise forming on his cheek bone and he has an arm wrapped around his waist. His attention gets pulled to behind Tony when he hears a small voice go, “Papa?”
“You’re not mad…?” Mari looks at Tony with a tilted head and hunched shoulders.
“There you are. Mari? Kiddo?” He reaches under and goes to slide her out. He pulls his hand back when she jerks awake at his touch and starts to hyperventilate. “Shh. Shh. It’s okay. It’s just me. What are you doing under the bed?”
“Welcome back sir. Captain,” says a voice from above.
“But I’m not brave. I’m not like you or Pops or Daddy. I’m scared. All the time.” Her voice breaks on the last word.
“A nice big walk in-“ Tony reaches out to open the closet.
“I’ve got my own login thanks.” She ties the cable from her grappler around him tight before going to the super computer. She plugs in a flash drive and while the screen flashes and code goes scrolling across she speaks into her comm. “Hawkeye, do you still read me?”
Tony stays silent. When Steve leans down to try and catch his eye Tony stays focused on the papers in his hands. Steve watches him, trying to find an answer in his tense shoulders, or the deep frown etched in his face. Tony continues to avoid his eyes and Steve sighs. He runs his hand through his hair and scratches the back of his head. They both look towards the glass wall that looks out to the deck when they hear something tap against it. They look up in time to see an ice cube flying away from the glass in two parts. One half ends up landing in an empty cup Mari is holding, the other in one Sam is holding a foot away. Mari’s eyes widen at the trick shot and she bounces up and down.
Steve glances at the floor by his night stand. “No. I’ve got a different idea.”
Mari begins to jump up and down with excitement, “Yeahyeah-ow.” She holds her stomach.
“Which you need to work on a little but you’re doing better.”
“About as much as you could convince him to let you turn the guest bedroom into a sex dungeon.”
“Does this mean we’re getting a puppy?”
“Bit dramatic don’t you think?” Steve arches a brow at him.
“I met Harri Osborne in the dressing rooms…she said Starks and Osbornes are supposed to hate each other.”
“Your pet names for me aren’t as cute as they used to be.”
“One of the perks of being rich. Spill it.”
“Bored with I spy huh? Well Peggy isn’t really his aunt. He just thinks of her as one. She’s his godmother. She’s also the one that taught him how to punch I think.”
“Right away. I don’t want to miss the cake.”
“And if they don’t,” Tony says. “Then I’ll have the perfect reason to banish them from the apartment forever.
The girl turns back to the mirror and fluffs her hair. “Well since you’re here let’s talk about our relationship.”
“You didn’t say please,” says Mari.
Tony lets out a growl very different from his aroused one from earlier.
“Okay.” He winces when she tightens her legs around his protesting ribs. “Next time Auntie Pep says she has an emergency…we’ll just let her handle it. That sound like a plan?”
Tony looks up and while this figure also has a mess of brown hair, it is much closer to the ground and wears large, familiar glasses.
“This probably isn’t the best time but can you sign my ball?”
“Yeah. These cultures had some unexpected results and I want to examine them before I loose any data.” Bruce turns to a notebook and scribbles down a couple notes.
“Look at you, using science references. Soon you’ll be able to tell between the different ‘forms of electricity’.”
“You owe me a BJ Rogers. Most of these files are on Peter.” Tony says without looking at Steve.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony tries to stifle his laugh as Steve says, “I already let you sleep in for an extra hour. Time for breakfast and your medicine.”
“It seemed like you were having a pretty bad nightmare.”
The doctor sighs and forces a tense smile back on his lips. “Marianna and I were talking about adjusting to life in a new environment. I thought it would be helpful if you shared what it’s like having Marianna in the tower now.” He holds out the toy to Tony.
“I was going to take Mari to the park Pep.”
“What’s the next move Steve?” Natasha asks. “…Steve?”
“This is kind of a big thing to keep under wraps Steve,” says Sam. “I mean, why hasn’t Natasha brought this up herself?”
Tony sits with his cup of coffee and examines the bottles. “You’re awfully young to be on so many pills.”
“What the fuck was that!?!”
“Good to see you two are finally up.”
“You didn’t hurt me.” Steve helps him sit up and lays him against the headboard. He takes Tony’s hand and holds it over his own heartbeat, taking deep slow breaths. “Just follow me. Breathe. You’re home, you’re safe. It’s just us. You’re safe.”
Clint groans. “Great. We’re stuck digging through digital paper work and the happy couple is upstairs having homemade dinner.”
“One of the perks of having a rich sugar daddy,” Sam says as he sets the table.
With that he disappears around the corner and they soon hear the swish of the elevator doors opening and closing. Steve scratches at the back of his neck with a heavy sigh. He stares down at the papers scattered across the counter between him and Tony. He looks at Tony from under his lashes. Tony glances up and catches his eye.
“Hey! That’s milk for the table you barbarian!” Sam is now the one leaning over but Bucky reaches up and presses his metal hand against Sam’s face.
“STAY.” The man pulls a gun from his belt and sets it on the desk.
“You’re not mad are you?” She reaches up to fret at a lock of her hair. It causes a rivulet to run down her shoulder.
“I will.” Mari pulls back to give her a small smile.
“To be honest I only came here to get away from-” Bucky bites his tongue.
“What about this?” Tony asks as he creates an opening in the layers of clothes to show the shirt he is holding up for Mari.
“Like y = [arccos(x)]^3. Or y = x2^(2x) + π^2.” She flips through the pages and finds more information and close up photos of a belt buckle. “FYI the answers to those are y’ = (-3(arccosx)^2)/((1-x^2)^(1/2)) and y’ = 2x (2x + (x^2)ln 2).”
“Um…hi…?” he says.
A wide smile split her face. “Yeaaah.”
“U-um…sleeping?” she squeaks.
Steve sighs. “Okay. How about this: Mari wants to build a rocket. Not a bottle rocket, a real rocket. I checked.”
“Because he’s as dramatic as Steve,” says Clint.
“Thank you.” Bucky takes the box and pours himself a bowl before handing it off to Steve.
“Did you have a lot of decent data to look at when you made some of the biggest breakthroughs in technology?”
The man ignores him but he picks up his pace.
“What on Earth is going on?” Nefaria goes to the door and looks down the hall after the guards only to see them get thrown back into a wall by a pulsar blast. He can hear the sound of whirring gears before War Machine steps into view. Glowing eyes glaring at him down the hall. A yell makes his head spin in the other direction in time to see one of his men thrown through a glass display case by Captain America. Nefaria barely makes it back into the room and slams the door shut before the shield is flying through the air, making a metallic ring as it slams into the door.
“Oh, har. Har.”
“No. It’s too early.”
“Yes but I’m sure he’d be more than happy to tell us when we pick him up,” says Natasha. “We’re running scans on security footage looking for his unique buckle. It shouldn’t take too long if he’s still in New York.”
“They’re clear,” says Happy as he steps back.
Steve arches an eyebrow and turns to Rhodey. “Something you want to tell us?”
She only averts her eyes away from him and tugs at her hair.
“All of them.”
“Says the man that built a daycare center near a SHIELD building after he heard an agent say she wasn’t sure how she was going to keep her job and raise her three year old by herself.”
Mari jumps and looks up at them with wide eyes. “Wha?”
“I know,” Ms. Flander says in a breathy sigh before shaking her head. She coughs. “Um, what do you mean by not ‘have to have a closet’?”
“I know it shouldn’t be in my tower.” Tony glared down at it as he leaned closer to it.
Tony arches a brow and flips to the page. Tony taps at his glasses and they light up as they translate what he is looking at. “You have a kill switch?”
Her eyes go down to the shadow moving under the door down the hall. The sound of shuffling paper and something knocking against the wardrobes can be heard through the door. Mari moves closer with soft footsteps.
“I try to be normal I really do…”
“That’s mine!” The little boy wails.
“What’s wrong? Why am I hearing the tower is down? Are you and Mari okay?”
Mari flings herself into Petunia’s open arms who then picks her up and peppers kisses all over her face.
“Oh now look at you. You are skin and bones honey. Let’s get some food into you.” She immediately marches away from them towards the snack table.
As they leave, Steve goes to sit next to her on the couch. He only reaches out and gives her foot a squeeze.
“Well yeah but…I’m pretty sure the reason HYDRA froze me every few years was so they could save on food stuffs. You’ve got to spend a fortune on food alone.” He picks up two of the platters and moves them to the dining table.
He smirks and waves her out. “Come on, there’s someone who wants to meet you.”
The doctor immediately stood and went after her. Tony was slower on the uptake and struggled to get out of his bean bag. By the time he got out the doctor was crouching next to the desk.
Steve sits down next to Mari and sets the bowl in front of her. He scoops a spoonful out and holds it towards her. With a big smile he says, “Now who wants barley porridge?”
“Oh,” Clint mumbles with slumped shoulders. “My bad.”
Tony takes a drink only to grimace when cold coffee meets his tongue. He leaves it on the table behind the couch as he approaches the super soldiers. “So, are we cleared for takeoff?”
“Very good Mr. Stark,” says Dr. Wu removing the stethoscope. “Everything sounds in order. At least as much order as a man with a reactor in his chest can be.”
“Calm down Captain. It’s Nerf.”
“There we go.” Tony gives Steve a quick peck on the lips before stepping around him to address Bucky. “Alright Manchurian Candidate, obviously at this time of night I couldn’t exactly run out to Perigold but I’ve got your floor stocked with the basics. Tomorrow we can flesh it out some more. Get you a hang in there poster-“
He cringes and rubs at his temples as she leaves.
Nat, Sam, and Clint run behind Steve towards the stairs.
“Yeah. It’s big.” Mari throws her arms out to illustrate this. “But Daddy is going to change it.”
“Okay. Let’s head back. Daddy has people to yell at.”
“Something that’s on your approved diet list.”
Tony turns and breaks into a smile when he sees who is walking towards him. “Mama Rhodes!” He gives her a tight hug before turning onto Rhodey. “Platypus. How was your flight Mama?”
Her eyes shoot open and her smile falls. With a slow turn, she looks to the closet door.
He hears a grumbled reply come from under the bed. He kneels down and heaves a sigh of relief when he sees Mari curled up around her stuffed dragon.
“You know, this bed is actually pretty comfy. I think I might just sleep here tonight.” He presses his face against hers and makes his own obnoxious snoring noises. She starts squealing and kicks against his thighs when he starts drooling on her.
“So close enough to screw him but not close enough to go out to coffee with?” Clint asks. “There were thousands of names that were stolen. It’s not gonna be easy narrowing that down. We don’t even know what they wanted to plant. And even if they planted it yet.”
“Don’t apologize to me apologize to him!” She holds the bear closer to him.
“And then you met me!”
“When’s the last time you woke up feeling like you were actually refreshed?” asks Nat.
“Which floor?”
“Good. I can already feel the last of the pressure melting off.” Tony leans back again.
“Well you don’t let me send a private jet.”
Steve sighs and hands the phone back to him.
“It has to be something internal. Jarvis has the best firewall out there.” He taps at the screen.
Steve leaned to get a closer look and glanced over the page. “Are you sure about this Tony? Remember the last time we tried to work with turkey? I lost an eyebrow and you singed part of your goatee off.”
“Tony. Tony!” Tony presses the up button the elevator and turns to Pepper with an arched brow. “Should I be alerting security?”
“Just be happy he still sees a use for you,” says the tech over his shoulder. “Otherwise you’d be getting a close up demonstration of his death ray.”
"Who's Count Douche-ula?" Bucky asks.
“Okay.”
Steve shifts through the pile of papers in front of him before pulling out a sheet. His eyes scan the dossier before tossing it into the reject pile. He gathers up a small collection of sheets and flips through them. One catches his eye and he pauses. Good credentials, lots of accolades, wide span of education. He holds the sheet towards Tony.
Mari comes and looks up at them. “Can we go get ice cream now?”
“I don’t want to go to the doctors,” says Mari as she hops down from the bench and stomps her foot. “They just tut around and don’t ever have anything good to say. Last time I went they put a tube in my tummy!”
“Buckaroo here got a number,” says Sam.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa. Settle down. I’m not gonna hurt ya.” He crouches and holds his hands up, one of which is holding a beaten up manila folder. He puts it under an arm and comes a little closer. “I’m just going to help you get loose. Don’t kick me…”
Mari’s eyes dart towards the door when she hears it creak open. She curls around her stuffed dragon and mashes it against her mouth. She watches the figure walk towards the bed and sit on the mattress. The lamp light comes on a second later.
“Sir-“
“No sir.” Steve smirks as he moves to pull pans out from under the cabinet. While he is bent over Tony takes the opportunity to reach over and grope his husband. Steve shoots up and frowns at his husband as a blush spreads across his cheeks. “Really? In front of Mari?”
They come to a standstill as the soldier devours his mouth until he they are both gasping for breath. When he pulls away he presses his face into Tony’s neck. He clutches to Tony’s hand a little harder.
Nat stared down at the projects. “…maybe he needed a who as well.”
“Well one of us is.” Tony slides onto a bar stool and perches Mari on his leg. He gives her a light bounce and winces at the ache his ribs give. “Hey. Up and at ‘em. If I have to be up so do you.”
“Wait,” Bruce says in a hissed whisper. “You’re not just going to leave her alone with me are you!?!”
There’s a loud rip and Steve’s shirt falls to the wayside. Tony wonders if his husband realizes he has just ripped one of his favourite shirts in two. He is brought back to the situation when the button of Steve’s jeans pops off and bounces off the back of his thigh. He yelps in surprise but his husband’s hand is soon there to ease the sting.
“Hm? Oh!” Steve stands and takes the baby from Tony’s outstretched arms. “Why don’t you go clean up?”
“Why hasn’t Natasha brought what up herself?” asks a voice from above them.
“I don’t know doc, you are one of the top surgeons in the world. You tell me.”
“Sure. I have all the spare time in the world,” says Natasha as she types something onto the table’s projected keyboard.
“BARTON!” Steve snaps.
“People aren’t machines that can be broken. Or at least that’s what Steve tells me.”
“She just got blown up Steve. I don’t think it’ll cause irreversible damage if we spoil her a little.” Tony pushes Bruce’s hands away when the scientist tries to but a disinfectant cream on a cut on his cheek.
Tony sighs. “Fine. We’ll try one more time but if she still hates it, we’re finding someone new.”
“Yes, because you’ve proven to be so very skilled in them yourself,” the Count hisses.
“Director Fury sir,” Jarvis announces.
“Yeah.”
“We do,” says a voice from further down the alley making the two men jump.
“There was a complication…”
“That’s because Steve was meant to be a Dad…or maybe a Grand-dad considering his age…either way Steve is the paternal one. Not me.”
“I take it you’re not a fan of me.”
Bucky grunts when the curb digs into his spine as they roll into the street. “Not anymore!”
“Well now, where are you going?” Tony sits up and curses under his breath when Mari jerks awake.
“Cooool.”
“I’m never getting laid again until she’s eighteen am I?” Tony asks, hot on his husband’s heels.
Tony frowns when he sees the SHIELD agent escorting his sniffling daughter down the stairs. His eyes go to the tight grip the agent has on her wrist. “What the hell is going on here?”
Steve crosses his arms and pouts.
“Did you steal that off a server?” Bucky asks.
“What do you mean you don’t know!?!”
Tony turns and stares at the door Steve took Mari through. “I’ve got three broken ribs and a bruised ego. I’ve been better.”
“You can hop holding my hand.”
“I don’t fucking care!” He leans around Steve to jab a finger at Bucky. “You even so much as give my kid a wrong look and I am ramming a repulsor so far up your ass-“
“What did she do to the other kid?” Steve asks.
“Every word,” Peggy answers.
“Avengers business kiddo.” Steve plucks her off the chair and gives her a little push towards the hallway. “Off you go.”
“We can take her up now. I’m finished with my initial.” The medic pulls off her gloves with a snap and puts some of her instruments back in the bag.
The social worker turns to face her more. “Mari, there is no monster that lives in your closet.”
“Not yet apparently,” says Sam.
“I can drizzle chocolate sauce on it.”
“I don’t need to think about it.”
“Captain!” Thor bolts forward and catches the Captain. “Steve!?!”
Tony pushes away from the table and grips Bruce’s arm. He then pulls him up from his chair and drags him to the elevator while Bruce scrambles to get his lab coat off. “You can make it up to us by introducing yourself to Mari. You’ll like her. Apparently she speaks Icelandic. Go figure.”
“Which…floor?”
“A Jewish one Clint,” she hisses at him. Her eyes narrow as she watches the man nurse a cheap paper coffee cup and huddle against a box, out of the strong ocean wind. Her nose twitches as the smell is blown her way.
Tony’s skin turns pale. “I thought we outlawed Chili Night…”
Nat is the first one to pull away. She stands and pulls out a small compact. As she fixes her hair and dries her cheeks she says, “I should get back out there before Clint accosts another poor waiter.” Once she’s back to her prim self, with slightly redder eyes, she snaps the compact shut and puts it away. “You should go out and fill Captain Nosey in. I’m sure he’s jumping out of his skin waiting for you.”
“That is old school. I don’t think I’ve seen one since I visited my grandmother.” Sam tries to stifle his laughter.
Tony stays silent and tense.
“Wait Disneyland? As in the animator?” Bucky asks.
He jerks his head towards the edge of the trees again. “Go on. Keep walk’n.”
Steve uses his reflexes to cut her off only for her to drop to her knees and slide right under him.
“Can I eat my snack on the deck?”
They watch as she runs past them and shouts, “Jarvis! Get away elevator! Get away! Elevator!” She rounds the corner as the doors slide open. But instead of running into freedom she barrels straight into a pair of legs and falls back on her butt.
He goes stock still before asking, “Isn’t it past your bedtime?”
“Baby?” His eyes dart over Mari again. “Are you okay? Did you step on glass?” He hands the bullet back to Bruce and lifts Mari off the ground. He balances her on his hip so he can run a hand over her bare feet.
Tony crosses his arms and leans against the counter. “Not any that didn’t want something. I was a genius kid too. I know how this story goes. We’ll send her off to some highly qualified institution that will help her harness her intelligence and she’ll speed through with flying colors. But when she gets out the other side she’ll realize her childhood is gone with nothing worthwhile to show for it. But hey! At least she’ll have some degrees and will be able to build an arc reactor out of scraps in a god damned cave.”
“Oh good because I’ve always feared the day when Avengers Tower would be attacked by a FIVE YEAR OLD.”
“I could widen the search by relaxing some of the parameters sir,” says Jarvis.
“No. I can’t be scared anymore…I want to be a big girl…” With that she then moves to the left and picks up the shield from Thor. Tony watches with a quirked eyebrow as she holds it up and walks towards the closet again. She gets closer this time but as her hand reaches for the handle, he can see the tremor shaking it. He kneels behind her and puts his hand on the knob instead.
“You okay man?” Sam asks.
Steve walks over, picks up Mari, and puts her on the ground facing the hallway with a little more force than necessary. “Marianna. Go to bed.”
“I threw the number away. The last thing I need to do is date right now.”
Mari warms up to Sam and berates the heroes about the specs of their suits. Another ten minutes in and they hear a booming, “Congratulations on the arrival of your child Stark! May she be less troublesome than my brother’s adoption!”
Please help support me on
Steve stops and rest his head against his husband’s shoulder. “I’m sorry, for earlier.”
“He was mean, and big, and scary! What more do you need to know!?!” Mari’s voice rose with every word and at the end she puffed out her cheeks in a pout.
“Pepper had me go to a doctor and they prescribed it for a while. Didn’t like the side effects.”
They stare at the doorway after her.
Tony stands and gives the doctor a small bow. “Xièxiè. I appreciate you flying here to see me every month.”
“Yes you can.” Steve assures him as he swings his pack over his shoulder and heads out of their bedroom.
“I’m sorry ma’am but have you seen what your ‘baby’ has been doing to the rest of the playground?”
“It’s hardly surgery. Just a small procedure. She didn’t even stay in the hospital when she originally got it inserted. She’ll be okay.”
She sighs. “May I have the Pooh Bear plate pleeeease?”
Tony and Rhodey shove against each other some more before Tony loses possession of his camera to Natasha. Mari giggles and turns back to the box in her lap. The camera gets passed around the Avengers and everyone gets pictures as she opens the different presents. She gets a Rubik’s cube from Bruce, a nerf pistol from Natasha, a shield from Thor with a promise for battle practice, companion erector sets from Pepper and Happy, a nerf archery kit from Clint, What’s Her Face dolls from Rhodey, and a child’s baseball glove with two adult ones from Sam. Then Steve and Tony surprised her with presents of their own. Steve with an art kit and Tony with an Avengers action figure set. After the presents were open it did not take long for Clint to turn it into a nerf battle. He went to his room and brought back pieces from his own nerf armory. After the apartment is in shambles and what seems like hours of absolute chaos the party dissolves, the super husbands are able to get some dinner into Mari and then off to prepare for bed. Mari passes out before they can even get her dialysis done. Steve cradles Mari against his chest while Tony watches the machine.
“That’s it? Isn’t that silly? We don’t even know each other’s first names yet.”
“Caffeine is more often the culprit. Maybe you should start with that.”
“Yeah. That way I won’t have to have a closet. B-but I’m going to get my own bathroom! And it’s going to have a toilet seat just my size so I don’t fall in again!” In a quiet voice she says, “Thor’s butt is huuuge.”
“Yeah. We thought it was because she couldn’t see, turns out she’s just a clutz.” Steve hands Sam the wet dish for him to dry.
“Then you better get on it Jarvis and while you’re at it run Mari and Peter’s as well.”
“What else is she supposed to do with a shield and a gun?” Nat says.
“Yes…”
Mari gasps and runs to attach herself to Steve’s leg.
“That seems like information that could have been easily figured out another way.”
“To what ends?” Tony demands.
“He doesn’t need to be shuffling around an empty apartment by himself. It would be good for Bucky to be up here. With us.”
Steve lets out a low and long moan. “That was when we thought we had lube.”
“You’ve got them in your system too?”
“Are you still in my living room?” Steve asks as he moves to clean the counter around the coffee maker.
She pouts up at him but he just smirks and waves towards the hallway. She starts to walk that way dragging her feet. Before she gets too far she glances over her shoulder and when she sees Steve’s attention has returned back to the table she circles round.
Tony leans his head down and she mumbles, “My head hurts.”
“How many times have I told you not to run off!?! Now stop bothering this man and get going. We’re late for your doctor’s appointment.”
Bucky turns to see Tony and Steve entering the apartment again.
Just as Steve comes in, the elevator opens. Sam, Bruce, and Clint walk in with Nat leading. She heads straight for the dining table with some projector beads.
“I knooow.”
The Count growls and shoots another glare at the master of disguise before marching out of the room, his cape billowing out behind him. “Hurry up. I’d like to take Stark down before the next century!”
“Well she is learning from the best.”
“We had barely started dating. We weren’t even thinking of marriage let alone kids. Just admit it. You have a heart of gold.” Steve leans in and nuzzles his face in Tony’s neck.
“Go away,” Mari snaps.
Natasha adds more torque and his arm is about to snap when the dock begins to tremble. She looks over and sees a chunk of it raise up. As it goes higher she sees that the concrete only goes six inches deep and rest is the top of a lift of some sort. Inside was some hipster sucking through a straw at a brightly colored drink. As the lift comes to the top the hipster doesn’t even look up from his phone as he steps out.
Steve waits but the agent stands there silent, with his back ramrod straight.
“Damn it he dared!” Steve curses as he launches himself out of the closet and breaks into a full run out into the hall.
Steve kneels down and grabs Mari’s tender sides, causing her to let out a shrieking giggle. She scrambles out from underneath with a big grin. “Papa!”
Steve nods. “Thanks for the information.”
“Come on man,” Clint says. “She already kicked our asses. You’re our only hope.”
As Steve throws salt on the fire, freezing fire retardant is spewed across the stove, counter, and Captain, leaving a coating of ice crystals over everything. Steve stands there, rigid. Mari looks between the men and begins to sink into her seat. Tony bites down on his lip to stifle a laugh as Steve turns to face him with a small frown. At the sight of Steve’s ice coated figure, Tony bursts into a fit of giggles. Steve smirks and pulls the brunette flush against him. He then runs his hand through his hair to dislodge the crystals and cause them to rain down on Tony.
“I can’t do this Steve!”
Bucky throws his body against the door so the lock on the other side snaps off. He comes out into a cluttered cellar with sectioned off storage areas. After a cursory glance, he slides a shelving unit in front of the door. Then he makes his way up the stairs and out into the lobby of an apartment building. He nods to a little old lady collecting her mail as he heads out the door and gives a soft, “Ma’am.” He stuffs his hands in his pockets and strolls down the street. He only makes it to the next alley when a hand shoots out, grabs the strap on the bag he’s carrying, and pulls him off the street. He moves with the motion, using his momentum to swing around and slip out of the strap.
“How do you feel Mr. Stark?” Dr. Wu asks. “Any dizziness? Pain? Nausea?”
When they make it back to the tower, Steve and Tony are still in the training room with the rest of the Avengers. Steve and Natalia are in the boxing ring squaring each other up when they come in. Bucky comes to stand at the edge of the ring next to Clint. Steve sees them come in and smiles right before his face turns to horror. In that moment of distraction, Natasha swoops in and uses a series of kicks and hits to lay him flat on his back.
“They are both the same schematics for a neuro data translation chip. One was collected from the hide out by the docks.” He looks at Nat. “The other was collected months ago. When you raided one of Count Nefaria’s properties.”
“Oh. Damn,” groans Tony. “I forgot about that. Is it possible to postpone that? I’m really enjoying not finding Barton’s dirty socks on my coffee table. Or his ass on my couch.”
Steve lets out a huff of a chuckle against the back of his head. “Since we’re up you want to join me in a quick morning work out?”
Mari snickers but shushes Tony again.
“Wha-? …How…wait, you don’t mean Mari do you? How is that possible?”
Black Widow’s tires squeal as she rounds a corner. As her bike speeds down the side road she hears half a dozen other bikes speed around the corner. She shoots a look over her shoulder. Four of them have faster models and are closing in on her. She leans further down, trying to create less drag. It does not give her much of an advantage and soon she is forced to duck as the goon on the bike next to her swings out a baton. This exposes the arm hole in his vest. She lashes out and lands a well-placed widow bite into his arm pit.
“Hey!” Mari says as she comes over to where the bullies are playing. When they look up, she says, “Give him back his toy.”
“No. Mine. You’re too much of a softie.”
“Ah. I get it now,” says Bruce.
Mari nods her head and turns to face Peggy more head on.
“Yeah. Poor girl has a bad case of ethics,” Tony says as he sets Mari on the counter next to where Bruce is working. “You mind sparing a cup of potassium iodide? A favor between science bros?”
“What have I told you two about fighting in the common areas?”
Steve places his hand on Tony’s bouncing thigh. Tony stills and looks into the deep blue eyes of his husband. The brunette gives him a forced smile before staring back out the windows of the lobby. They are sitting in the cushioned chairs of Avengers Tower waiting for the arrival of the biggest change in their lives since they said “I do”. Tony was having trouble staying still as anxiety rolled off him in waves. Steve watched quietly, giving his husband firm touches here and there to remind him he was not doing this alone. Tony suddenly stands and straightens his suit as a beaten up Honda parks across the street. Steve looks up to see Mari’s social worker, he’s pretty sure her name is Ms. Flander; help her out of the car. When she stepped away to remove a large roller out of the trunk, Mari threaded her arms through the straps of a purple backpack. He stands and takes Tony’s hand in his own. This is actually happening. Through all the arguments, paper work, and red tape, they’re finally starting their family.
“No. Jarvis scratch that.” Tony half-heartedly tries to pull out of the dance.
“Maybe he needed a way in?” Bruce supplies.
Steve frowns and pulls away from their messy kisses when his hand fails to find the tube he’s looking for. He leans over to look in the drawer. “Where there hell is-…Oh you’ve got to be fucking kidding me.”
“You can guess who she gets the dramatics from,” Steve whispers to Bucky.
“So,” says Tony as he rubs his hands together and plasters the “Stark Smirk” across his face. “You want to come upstairs and see your new home?”
“As long as he keeps his mitts off my cereal.” Sam shoots him a dirty eye before moving his cereal to his other side.
Tony turns and digs out a tiny module the size of a sunflower seed.
He stared at Mari harder to see if anything else would knock loose. Nothing more came. He was grateful though for the small shard he got back. As he leans back he tears his eyes away from Mari and notices that Natasha is watching him. He looks to the TV and tries to ignore the feeling of Natalia's eyes boring into him for the rest of the time.
The tech screams and shoots his hands up into the air. “I don’t work here anymore. He fired me.” He jabs a finger at Nefaria.
Mari’s shoulders droop and she looks down at her cast. “It wasn’t epic, I ran away like a baby.”
“You can never have too much.” She holds out a folded piece of paper. “Incase you ever need a different kind of support.”
“Possibly.”
“Well this is going better than expected,” she says. “So far we’ve managed not to scar her for the rest of her life and Thor finally has someone to tell his glory stories to.”
Bucky snorts. “…aw hell. Why not? For old time’s sake.” He takes Steve’s hand who pulls him in for a hug.
“Anything else?”
Right before they get too close, Bucky whispers, “I’ll get you for this punk.”
“I’m just as capable of taking care of myself as you are.”
“You pick whatever you want Kiddo. Tonight is your choice,” Steve tells her.
Bucky was about to shoot him another sarcastic remark but then he turned and saw Steve’s brilliant red face. “Nooooo. With who? Don’t say Howard. That would just be weird considering-”
There is a yelp and a thud. The two heroes race down the hall, frantic. When they get to the living room Mari is sprawled across her luggage case and holding her head sniffling.
She reaches up and tugs at her hair, her gaze shifting to over his shoulder. “You said you’d show me how to make edible crafts out of apple slices.”
“Do I have to hate Osbornes?”
“Huh. Brucie, you have a baggie or something? Maybe a piece of paper?”
“Considering she’s never had one before I can guarantee it.” She slows her pace as she comes across a homeless man. She stops a block down from him.
“Can you stop the nanites?” The Captain asks. He turns his head back to the Count when the man starts laughing.
“Hey there Eye Patch Pete. Anything on Agent Not-an-agent?” Tony smirks.
“Oh wonderful. Please, do continue.” Tony crosses his arms and rolls his eyes.
Tony opens the door at a slow pace and reveals that it is empty aside from what few clothes she brought. “See?” He gets in and hits the light switch. “Nothing except a few clothes, shoes, your suitcase, and a very good looking scientist.”
“Yes. From what we can figure he was making a stimulant that could cause nightmares or dreams with varying intensity depending on the frequency it was exposed to.”
“Hey! Hey! Watch the goatee Capsicle!”
“You eat all this? Everyday?” He looks over at Steve as he puts a few more slices of bacon on the platter.
“I think I just met my wife…”
“Jarvis, what was that?” Mari asks.
Steve smiles as he watches the scene in front of him until Tony saunters over to sit in his lap. Steve wraps an arm around him to pull him snug against his body. Tony turns to give him a quick kiss.
“It’s called a Watch Bug. HYDRA would sometimes use them. They’re literal flies on the wall and they’re usually filled with deadly goodies if anyone gets too close,” Bucky says.
Steve pulls her pajama shirt down and tucks her into bed. “There we go. Wrapped up tight.”
“HOWLETT!?!” Steve shushes him. “The most and only unfriendly Canadian to ever exist? YOU slept with HIM!?!”
Mari’s eyes widen and she glances to Thor’s belt. “Where’s your hammer?”
“Um, you mind filling the rest of us in?” asks Sam.
“So you’re Daddy now huh?”
With a shriek she dives for the door and tears down the hall into her room. She slams the door and wretches the window on the opposite wall open. When she hears the crashing of the monster clambering down the hall, she ducks under the bed. The door to her bedroom slams open and she covers her mouth to hold in her yelp. She watches as dark legs move to the window and hears two sharp sniffs. The legs turn away from the window and step back to the middle of the room.
Bucky turns back around and stares a hole into the coffee table.
“I wasn’t talking you.” He steps past her and walks to Pepper’s desk. “Not you, there’s a kid in here. I think it’s Stark’s.”
“Yes,” Nat says.
“You bet I am now give me a hug.”
“Is this really the behavior of someone who wants to stay out of the system?” Dr. Krevin says, raising his voice to be heard over her wailing.
Bucky felt the anger slowly turn to sadness. “I stayed behind and bought you enough time to get away.”
“Again,” says Tony. “My tower. They’re all my rooms.”
“Papa will read it to you when he gets back.” He stands, pulling Mari with him. He walks them out of his lab and back towards her room. “Lets get you back to bed. And to SLEEP.”
“Yes but if you have the juice you have to eat the kasha crackers instead.” When Mari twists her face into a disgusted grimace he says, “You have a carefully planned diet for a reason young lady, and you can’t live off of apples for your entire life.”
“Didn’t I just say not to make this about me!”
“And we agreed that I’d bring you here. Didn’t say shit about getting you in.” He yells when she jams a widow bite into an open wound. “FUCKING HELL!!!”
“Always such a comedic relief. Why is the elevator taking so long?”  He presses the button again. “If this problem has spread to the elevators and I have to climb ninety flights of stairs to get to my lab, I will throttle whoever is behind it.”
“She can’t have either of those,” says Tony.
“We didn’t even know she knew another language,” Steve says, shocked.
Steve moves to rest his chin on Tony’s shoulder. “You didn’t let her get hurt, it just happened and that’s the end of that.” He presses a kiss to his husband’s cheek.
“Nope. Here’s a hint. No matter how far we walk you’ll still be able to see it.”
Natasha grabs the man’s arm and twists. “Look, I have things to do. So start spilling your guts or I will spill them for you.”
“Eh, we might as well get the ball rolling on our own pediatrician. You know how he keeps insisting he’s ‘not that that kind of doctor’.”
Steve smiles before stepping forward to wrap his arms around Tony’s waist. “Yes. You no longer have a legitimate excuse to stay huddled up in your lab all hours of the night.” He lifts a hand up to card it through Tony’s hair. “The nanities are shut off and they should leave your system naturally but I was thinking maybe an impromptu dialysis session was in order?”
“You don’t even remember me.”
“You know those proposals I’ve been trying to get you to look at?” Pepper asks as she takes a folder out from her desk.
“You do remember we invited Barton and Thor right?” asks Tony with a mouthful of bacon.
“I’m done…talking Steve...” Tony grumbles out between breaths as Steve pulls him against his chest.
“Please. She wouldn’t hear if a bomb went off.” Sam turns to Mari. “Would ya kiddo?”
Mari rubbed at where her fistula was inserted by the doctors. “Because I’m small and sick.”
“Last time, it was a redhead yelling at me in Russian,” Pepper continued.  She leaned her head back in the chair, swiveling it a bit back and forth with the toes of her shoes as her fingers dug small circles into her temples.  “I don’t know what she said, but she definitely meant it.  And the time before that, some enormous body-builder with better hair than me telling me this “unworthy task was beneath me.”  Who are these people?” she demanded, throwing her hands up in the air in a gesture of exasperation.
“Getting back at the old man with a little petty revenge fling?  No.  Good call, but no,” Tony admitted, sucking in a long breath and letting it out slowly before continuing.  He felt a phantom chill run through him, and remembered waking up groggy and cold, stomach churning and completely disoriented to find bright, blue eyes staring back at him in what had seemed like genuine concern at the time.
Steve was out the door and taking the steps too fast, wanting to be anywhere but here and listening to Bucky and his truths.  He heard Bucky’s heavy footfalls following him, but didn’t stop.  He wrenched open the building’s front doors, and felt Bucky grab his shoulder, spinning him around and pressing him against the vestibule wall as the front door to the building banged open.
So, sure, there were complications and things that needed to be sorted out, but the money would go a long way with that, and besides, Brock needed him, so of course, he mattered to Brock.  He needed Brock, and Brock needed him.  That was just part of the whole relationship thing.  Needing each other to...to…well, he needed Brock because without him, he had been miserable and floundering, and then Brock had been there for him, and it had been easier to just--he wanted to say do what Brock wanted, but that didn’t sound right in his head.
He felt the warm heat of Tony’s lips against his skin and then, one of Tony’s hands dropped from his chest, and the blunt pressure of Tony’s finger against his hole replaced it. His nipple was on fire. Flames of heat seemed to rise in his gut, behind his throbbing cock. Tony’s hair brushed lightly against his shoulder and cheek, and he felt a shiver work its way through Tony’s frame as he pushed his finger in, breaching Steve’s hole.
“Captain Rogers.  It’s been awhile,” Obie said, rising from his chair and walking—well, sauntering, Obie did that, all long legs and big hands, like he owned the space around him—over to Steve.  He took a puff of his cigar and blew out a ring of smoke in the air in front of him, holding out his hand for Steve, who looked at it for a second before shaking it twice perfunctorily and dropping it almost immediately.  Tony watched Obie draw his hand back and flex his fingers against his thigh, stretching them out into a fan. “I think Howard and Maria worried you were keeping Tony all to yourself.  Who can blame him, I said,” Obie smiled, one of those oily smiles that felt like it was ready to fall off his face the moment it got there.
“And as you can see, he’s a little ‘security happy’. Heh,” Tony chuckled at his own joke.
http://mechinaries.tumblr.com/post/145527633299/sam-wont-share-the-cereal-so-bucky-drinks-all
“I don’t know if you noticed,” Steve continues. “But when she was crying to go home just now, it wasn’t me she called for. It was you. She wouldn’t do that if she thought you couldn’t protect her.”
“Get me in and this all stops.” She jabs him again.
“That’s what everybody tells me.” He moves to put the chairs on the rack.
“I’m not getting any younger James.” The short, stout woman crosses her arms and gives Rhodey a look that makes him feel like a chastised schoolboy again. “These two don’t have a single ovary between them and they still managed to have a kid before you. What happened to that nice girl from Spokane? The one with the cute little snort you found adorable?”
“Of course I did. Nat and I are like this.” He holds up a pair of crossed fingers.
“How nice of them to do that after you take out half their security,” Clint says around a mouth full of popcorn.
“Well, I made a suggestion,” Steve replied.  “I think it should at least show the faceplate up,” Steve said, frowning a bit because that sketch, to be honest, had been his least favorite.
“Right. Shutting up now,” Tony said.  “Any second. You know, I’m not exactly the silent type.  You should’ve heard what I said that night at the club. You know, I’m just going to shut up. Quit while i’m ahead.  Am I ahead? Wait. Did you hear what I said that night? Because, in my defense, I was very drunk, and you are insanely hot, and to be fair, some of what I suggested is technically not physically possible.  Also, it was Rhodey’s fault. Probably. I mean, he--I’m babbling, aren’t I? I’ll stop now,” Tony promised, making a zipping motion across his lips. Steve grinned and shook his head. It was probably hopeless, and he honestly did like listening to Tony talk.  It was oddly comforting somehow.
“Oh.  Hi,” Tony said. He gave them a little one-handed wave. Preston—God, what a fucking asshole name—seemed amused.  Dan kept looking back and forth between Ty and the door until Preston closed it. “Can we go? I’m—” drunk, he wanted to say, but Ty hated it when Tony got all wasted.  “I don’t feel so good. I think maybe ‘cause I didn’t eat or something.  I’m just…I’m tired.”
“Do you live near here?” Steve asked, though he knew the answer had to be no.
“Wow, this is—wow,” Steve said loudly, grinding to a halt and pulling himself up to his full height, arms spread wide and chest out.  Taking up space, or taking back space, whatever it was.  One thing dancing had taught him was how to use his body to effect.   “You’ll all have to forgive me.  I’m not used to having this much attention with my clothes on,” Steve said with a slight smile to a round of surprised laughter.  “Tony said you’d want pictures, though I think he’s a bit shy in front of the camera,” Steve continued with a knowing grin to another chorus of startled guffaws.  “You’ll have to help me out if you want a good picture of him.  Look, guys, I know you are all just trying to make a living.  Maybe you don’t exactly love the way you have to do that, but its honest work.  Not like you’re the ones creating the market for it, right?  I kind of get that,” Steve continued pointedly, earning a couple of knowing looks.  “How about we take a few pictures—heck, it is our honeymoon.  I wouldn’t mind a few things to remember it by.  We, uh, didn’t exactly plan this, you might have heard.”  That got another smattering of grudging chuckles, but they had moved back and the clicking and flashes had almost ceased once the competition part of it got taken away.  Everyone is willing to be the guy doing it until they are the only guy doing it, Steve thought.  He’d seen enough of that in his time.  “Then maybe you let these nice hotel people have their lobby back before they call the cops.  Really like to try something on my honeymoon that doesn’t involve the police.  Just for a change of pace.”
She flowed out of the room on sharp clicks of her heels, all golden-haired and swishes of fabric, leaving him to watch her go on to The Next Thing, as if she had checked something off her mental list.  She probably had.  He sighed, reached out and picked up his glass, taking a sip of the warm liquid.  It tasted awful, he thought, wrinkling his nose and setting it back down.
“Uh-huh. I remember hearing you tell me something similar when you were down in the isolation room with Captain Rogers trying to kill one of our former operatives with an overdose of Viagra after you threw me across the room,” Fury pointed out. “You and I have different definitions of ‘fine.’”
Steve loved him.
“The witness is about to make an admission against his interest,” Matt said.
Tony hunched forward over the steering wheel and squinted until he caught the glint of a metal railing in the Audi’s headlights.  He pulled off into one of the five parking spaces lined with barely-there yellow paint.  A sign next to the brown and yellow state forest marker warned them to beware of falling rocks.  A smaller sign nailed to the railing in front of the car’s hood told them not to sit on it or lean.  Charming, Tony thought.  If you’re a forest ranger.  Or a serial killer.
“I like this picture.  I feel it really defines you as a human being,” Tony protested with a smile.
“Though…I wouldn’t completely rule out the other,” Peggy added in a conspiratorial whisper with an exaggerated wink before turning on her heel while the man behind the camera—Daniel, her husband, Steve drew up from a dust-caked memory he didn’t look at very often—chuckled and hefted the camera a bit, somewhat clumsily.  His leg, Steve remembered.  He would be trying to hold the camera and balance without use of his cane.  That was why all the shakiness.
The bed sat in the center, buttressed by a small, wooden nightstand with a simple lamp, the kind that came out of a box with the shade already on it.  A dresser was pushed against the wall closest to the door.  It was wooden like the nightstand, but a lighter wood, knobbier and chunkier, like it was aiming for rustic charm and accidentally ended up at a Cracker Barrel Country Store.  Clearly something that came with the cabin’s ragtag assortment of Duck Dynasty rejects, Tony thought with a slight smile.  He kind of loved the objectively horrid décor.  It was strangely comforting after years of living in a place with a carefully crafted veneer of beauty meant to hide the decay and rot.
“When I get back, we’ll—we’ll talk, okay?”  Steve said.  “Happy will take you home.   I don’t want you here by yourself.”
Tony ground to a halt in surprise, staring at the man sitting opposite him across the twin of the table that had just been in front of him in the other room. Two investigators in ill-fitting suits too hot for the Vegas weather turned in their chairs and looked back at him. “Get him out of here! Dammit, Walsh, can’t you keep one eye on the door and the other one worrying about what Connie’s doing with Spinelli?” Bad Tan Suit called out to whoever it was over Tony’s shoulder. “Mr. Stark, I’ll have to insist you wait in the interrogation room with your lawyer while we discuss matters with the witness.”
sooner.  Pansy asses didn’t want to admit to the brass back home that they were up shit creek without a paddle, that’s what it was.”
to put a bird on your head if you didn’t stop begging to accompany him on his tour of the mines,” Steve corrected.
“I--I want to come on your cock,” Steve repeated.  “Please, Tony.”
“Tony’s not his company,” Steve bit out, shouldering himself in front of Tony.  “If you remember, Tony shut down SI’s weapons division not too long ago for just this reason.  To make sure this,” he tapped at the picture where the Stark name was emblazoned across the missile, “doesn’t happen again.  This is old news, Ms. Everhart.”
Steve pressed his finger in, just the tip, and watched Tony’s mouth form a small O as he blinked and closed his eyes, sighing into the sensation.  “Okay?” Steve asked.
“Officially, of course, I cannot take military advice—or any other counsel, for that matter--from a concubine.  But, unofficially…” Tony trailed off, raising his brow.  “I’m to tour the outer defenses with the city marshals on the morrow. Inspect the walls, let the troops present, that kind of thing.  A show, to be sure, but a necessary one.  And important.  Something I do twice a year, so that I can praise their foresight and then fix everything they missed,” Tony grumbled, rolling his eyes and favoring Steve with a slight smile.  He tilted his head to the side and rubbed at his temples, squelching his face in a frustrated sigh before looking back down at Steve.  “Accompany me.  You, and the boy to see to you, if you wish.  You will have to keep a distance and stay silent, which, I realize as I say it, is perhaps like asking the rain not to fall, but, nevertheless, I would have you with me to see for yourself so that you might give me your thoughts later.”
“Really? And what is it you came down here to discuss?” Bruce asked.
. Steve and him and someone they
“I will never hurt you, Tony. I give you my word. I know that doesn't mean a lot to you right now, and you got no reason to trust me. I hope you'll change your mind on that, but if you don't, that's okay, too. Promise still stands. But, you're my Omega. You're—we're bonded. I never thought I'd have an Omega, and definitely not one like you. I mean, look at you,” Steve continued almost shyly, throwing out a hand in Tony's direction.
Anto almost tried to correct Steve, then stopped.  He buried his face against Steve’s chest, then stretched out his neck a bit, nudging at Steve with his nose.  “Steve, Tony-home,” he whispered.
The word was unfamiliar.  Foreign-sounding, though he had never heard it. Something…something he should know how to do, he wondered, trying not to squirm with discomfort.  He could…learn macramé, whatever it was, he supposed. If Tony liked it. Looking at the way Tony was scrunching his face and holding his mouth tight, Steve wasn’t sure Tony liked it.
“And I think you know I’ll do this thing with you,” Steve retorted.  “Does it really matter why?” he asked with a muted sigh.
“You needed rest,” Tony told him, head tilting slightly to the side as he studied Steve.  “I’m glad you found it.  Spend your day relaxing.  Return to me tonight.  Bring the boy.  I could use an assistant for a bit, and not only is there the issue of me not getting much work done with you around, but you tend to follow directions with all the hearty enthusiasm of a man being told to put his head on a block. I thought soldiers were supposed to be good at obeying orders?”
“Yes, Boss,” the driver responded, as if this was the normal course of conversation.  “Takes one to know one, is my experience, Boss.”
While Tony undressed, Steve walked further out into the pool, then sank down and let the cool water wash over him while he watched Tony, who started to playfully pull at the ties of his tunic and then open and close them while Steve laughed and shook his head.
“He tried,” Steve answered.
Time left him.  He had no real sense of it, just understood it as a long while.   He was vaguely aware that Tony had neared the end of his book.  There were several papers spread out on the table with long strings of letters and numbers on them and a few scribbles of the beginnings of some kind of machine showing through the thin parchment.  It could have been minutes.  Hours.  Days. It didn’t matter. There was only Tony and this, where he was good and still.  He could do that for Tony, who had passed his test, and would give Steve a lily, every day, to show his regard.
Steve walked over to the desk to stand by Tony and slowly pulled the stack of papers from Tony’s hand.  It was the machine, alright. Howard’s time travel machine. Complete with detailed instructions, and even specs and notes in the margins where he had doodled some of the equations for what Bruce and Shuri once told him were the power requirements for the vita-rays and incorporating the Tesseract technology.  They looked like gibberish to Steve, but he remembered them.
