“I’m not sure,” she said, raising her palms up from the suds in exasperation.
“How you doin’ Benny?” Dean asked. Aside from his work crew, Benny was his best buddy. The first time Carmen had asked if they could all go out on a double-date together, Dean had balked, but she convinced him, and once they were into their second beer, talking cars and dope, he and Benny already had an easy camaraderie with one another. Dean especially liked the smooth Cajun drawl of the big man’s voice, and sometimes when they were both stoned and alone, he felt like crawling up into the big guy’s lap, but he never got any indication Benny was up for that. Dean knew he should feel guilty about fucking the guy’s wife, but Benny should have known when he married someone who dressed like that and flirted with anyone with a dick that the chances of faithfulness were slim. Hell, maybe he did know.
“Dean!” Carmen protested while Cas just gazed up without reaction.
Dean realized he hadn’t even thought of Bertha since the last time he used her. “No, haven’t done that either since I bonked my head,” he said.
Despite his impending court date, Dean felt oddly calm and centered that evening. He’d finished his birdbath, and Sam and Cas seemed genuinely impressed.
They took their clothes off again and snuggled in the blankets in a way Dean had never done with anyone. Sure, he and Carmen hugged and had sex and fell asleep in each others’ arms on occasion, usually when she got wasted enough to loosen up, but being pressed naked, face to toes, this long with another person and not having sex was new for Dean. He started to talk. Talking like this was new too.
She taped some plastic wrap over the bandage so Dean could wash his hair, which had become a greasy mess since the accident. She said he didn’t need the other bandage that had been wrapped around his head and the smaller bandage just over the wound was enough. She helped him shave and watched him as he put on his clothes. By the time they got into Carmen’s car, Dean was tired enough to drift off on the five minute drive to Crowley’s.
“That’s Carmen’s hippy half-brother,” Dean said out of the side of his mouth, wondering why Carmen hadn’t yet told Amara about Cas.
Cas looked up at him from the pan for a moment with a strange little smile, but said nothing.
Dean didn’t know what Benny expected him to say. “Yeah, uh…”
Cas released him and pulled Dean’s shoes, boots and pants off for him before crawling back into Dean’s lap so they could kiss languidly and touch each other all over.
“My bicycle,” Cas said calmly, as if speaking to a distressed child. “Today is my day off. You can ride it to work. It’s not far, is it?”
“You’re eating?” Carmen asked, her expression somewhere between pleased and confused.
“Ok,” Cas whispered back.
Lee looked at him for a few moments, frowning, then seemed to think about it and broke into a wide smile. “You’re the best!” he shouted and lifted Dean off the floor in a bear hug.
“They’re a better source of protein than meat because they also contain fiber but no cholesterol,” Cas explained. “Of course in the long term you’re going to need to eat more variety of foods to get all of the amino acids and other nutrients, but some people live quite well on a raw vegan diet. They usually eat a broad range of vegetables and fruit, as well as nuts, seeds and sprouted grains though, not just round things.”
Dean turned from studying his face in the mirror to look at Crowley for the first time. “What?”
Late Sunday morning after Carmen had left for her weekend shift, Dean pulled on jeans, feeling a little too self-conscious to walk around in his underwear like he used to before Cas was there, and lit up a cigarette. He walked out of the bedroom shirtless to find Cas standing at the stove frying up some bacon. “Bacon, huh?” Dean said, sidling past Cas in the narrow kitchen. It didn’t seem like something a hippy like him would eat, like Sam and his salads. “Thought you were enlightened.”
When Carmen eventually joined him in bed, Dean asked her, “Is he just sleeping on the floor?”
Dean’s head was foggy, but he knew that much. “Orange asshole,” he said. The doctor laughed and seemed satisfied with that answer.
“It’s not a kid’s bike,” Dean said, but again Crowley ignored him and continued.
“Cause we don’t do that anymore,” she said.
He pulled her out into the street and headed toward the frontage road, the purr and vibration of the engine numbing out his thoughts. Once on the open road, he closed his eyes and accelerated. Faster, faster, losing himself in the purr, until wailing sirens and flashing lights he could see through his closed eyelids snapped him to the awareness that he was drifting to the left and a police cruiser was behind him. He slowed and stopped on the shoulder.
Dean had no idea how to respond, and didn’t want Carmen to think he was weird for staring, so he turned off the tv, got up, and headed to the bedroom. He hoped Castiel had an air mattress or something because all that was in the spare room that Carmen led him to were Dean’s weights and Carmen’s crafting shit. Now that he thought about it, he realized they’d never had an overnight guest before.
As before, it took Sam a beat to return the hug. Dean figured he’d have to hug him more often until he got used to it.
Dean changed into his street clothes and left his coveralls in his locker. Well, it wasn’t his locker anymore. It never really was his locker though, was it? The coveralls, emblazoned with the shop’s name on the back, Dean’s name embroidered over the breast pocket, were never really his either. He knew he should feel distressed at being fired. He knew Carmen would be, but he couldn’t bring himself to feel badly about it. In fact, as he wheeled Cas’s bicycle out toward the exit, he felt elated, like he was embarking on a new adventure.
Despite his house arrest, Dean was happier than he’d ever been. Before moving out, he’d built two more birdbaths and sold them for eighty bucks each on Craigslist. Their new apartment was tiny, but had all the room they needed since they spent most of their free time at home in bed. In their first month there, Dean had gotten his mechanic certification and a job at the local Meineke maintaining rental cars for twenty bucks an hour with benefits. It was far from his dream job, but he and Cas would have long talks about how they would save for their future life together and then they would work only for themselves. They had the house and the gardens all planned out.
Carmen spoke on the phone to Crowley. “Dean’ll be late today.” She listened for a moment then said, “Yeah, he might have some kind of bug.”
Cas shrugged. “Well, it can look like that. It comes from a cactus. You can eat it fresh, dried, or grind it up into powder when it’s dried. If you put the powder into capsules like this, you don’t have to taste it like in a tea or something.” He scrunched up his face to indicate that such a tea would taste awful. “It’s considered endangered, but you can find some in south Texas. That’s where the ashram is. I stole these from Chuck before I left,” he said with a smile.
“Come on, why not?” he pleaded.
Cas started to slide in, tentatively at first, but then when Dean pulled him in tighter, showing no sign of distress, he thrust right in. “Oh, god,” he breathed, a look of pure joy on his face, “You feel like heaven.” He began to pull in and out, picking up the pace. “Stay with me, Dean. Are you with me?”
Dean lit up a cigarette, and Amara eventually emerged from the bathroom, all primped and perfumed again. The woman dressed like a porn star, and today she was wearing a leopard-print bustier with a yellow leather mini-skirt. Her mood had shifted back to affectionate, and she caressed his chest with her long nails that had actual little jewels embedded in them, and kissed him on the cheek before leaving. She had a hot body, but frankly Dean preferred Carmen’s less-made-up look, even though she would only have actual sex with him when she was wasted.
Dean barked out a laugh. “No, shit?” he said. Dean’s instinct was to say no, but Carmen deserved to have what she wanted in life, and she seemed to want this brother to stay with them. “So this Cas,” Dean asked, “he’s not going to cause trouble? How long would he stay?”
Carmen scrunched up her face a bit like she had to think of how to answer. “Nah, not really, Cas,” she said. “I mean, I was pissed off with how things went down, but maybe it was all for the best?” She looked back and forth between Dean and Cas.
Currently he was court-ordered not to go anywhere besides work, the grocery store, and the parole office, so even though it was his day off, he fired up Baby and cruised along the reservoir on the frontage road that ran a straight line past the power station and warehouses toward Crowley’s. The road was usually empty enough that he could open her up and feel the full power of Baby’s engine. He knew the road and his Baby so well that sometimes he closed his eyes for a while and just felt her guide him where he needed to go. If Dean could spend all of his time cruising blind with Baby, he’d be a happy man.
Dean was glad he had taken the pills because he’d be getting into a big fight with her if he was sober or just drunk. He’d sworn to himself and to Carmen that he’d never hit her, but sometimes it was so tempting. Instead, he just lay back, took a drag on his cigarette and said, “Leave me alone, Carmen. I’m exhausted. I’ve been working twelve hours a day trying to get Baby back with no help from anybody.” His voice was verging on a whine, and he didn’t like it. “I feel like a fucking animal,” he admitted.
“What?” she said, clearly still processing that Dean had been listening. Dean noticed for the first time how tired she looked and realized she had probably looked that way for a while but he hadn’t been paying attention.
“Well, there you have it,” she said, holding a hand out as if presenting Dean.
Dean finally released Sam, held him at arm’s length, and found his voice. “Damn right, I’m happy.” He squeezed one of Sam’s biceps. “You’re a fuckin’ monster, Sammy!”
His next idea was to go to the bank for a loan. He figured he’d put Baby up as collateral in order to get her back.
He paused and pondered the question. How did he feel? His senses felt a bit assaulted, the pain in his head rising, but he felt peaceful nonetheless. “Well, I’m happy to be alive,” he realized as he said it.
“We need to bring him to the hospital,” Amara said.
“Boy, you’re an enigma, aren’t you?” Dean said, taking a good draw from his cig. He didn’t know why he was messing with the kid, but then Cas didn’t seem to think he was being messed with. Cas placed the bacon on a paper-towel-covered plate and turned around, holding the plate out, silently offering some bacon to Dean. Dean took a piece and started chewing. They looked at each other for a moment. Cas looked right into Dean’s eyes like a challenge. Dean broke the eye contact and opened a cabinet, looking for a mug. “So tell me about the ashram,” he found himself saying. “Did you find Jesus there?” He chuckled.
That night it was time to party at The Roadhouse with his coworkers in celebration. Everyone was there--Lee, Ash, Meg, and Charlie--and they all drank so much and laughed so hard that Ellen threatened to throw them out several times. She finally did when Dean placed his bare foot and monitor-free ankle on the tabletop for everyone to admire, causing his friends to scream with laughter. Charlie and Lee held Dean down to shove his sock and boot back on, and eventually Dean and Lee’s wrestling spilled out of their booth onto the floor. “Hey, hey! Get a room boys!” Ellen yelled as she pushed the whole gang toward the door. They all stumbled out onto the sidewalk, with Dean and Lee hanging on to Carmen, and Charlie and Ash hanging on to Meg, since Carmen and Meg were the only mostly-sober ones. Charlie was trying to kiss Meg, and Lee was trying to kiss Dean as they weaved and laughed into the parking lot.
Both Dean and Carmen were surprised into silence until Carmen said, “Cas, that’s great! What kind of job?”
As he washed off all the dried sweat and grime of a night rolling around in the dirt, he thought of all the things he should do, but it wasn’t stressful in the way that making a long list of chores would be. Everything in his brain was starting to slot into place like that Tetris game Sam taught him how to play on the library computers when they were kids.
“I’m right here,” Dean said, confused.
The house smelled different. The air freshener masked the underlying odor of stale cigarette and pot smoke, but underneath that he could smell something sweet. In the living room, the light from outside was too bright, so he drew the blinds with his fumbling bandaged hands. Evidently no one was home, so he shuffled over to the couch and turned on the tv at low volume,  changing the channel until it was on some sort of nature show. The giant lizard creeping across the screen made him smile. By habit, he took a cigarette out of the pack on the coffee table and lit up, but as soon as the acrid smoke hit his palate, he expelled it with a violent coughing fit. It tasted toxic, like choking on smoldering coals. “My god,” he sputtered, gagging, and stubbed it out quickly in the ashtray. He rose with care to throw the rest of the pack in the kitchen trash can.
“My mother is there,” Cas said, looking away from Dean, like he maybe had something to hide.
“They hurt you,” Cas said plainly.
Amara also looked unnerved. “I’ll call you later, Carmen,” she said as she hustled Benny toward the front door.
“I want you to leave,” Carmen said, pointing to the door, her mouth a grim line.
“My sister used to be different,” Cas said.
Dean didn't understand what Benny was asking. He knew the car had been impounded. “What are you talking about?” he asked.
“No, no I don’t,” Cas said with apparent honesty, but Dean didn’t trust it. He didn’t like being condescended to by a nineteen-year-old.
Dean thought back to before the accident. He remembered asking Amara for money and being angry that she refused, but that seemed so long ago now, and as if he hadn’t been involved. “Yeah,” he said, and took another sip of water.
“That’s unfortunate,” Cas said, sinking back into the seat, and they were all silent again until they pulled into the driveway.
The doctor hummed and then said distractedly, “Head trauma can cause changes in appetite. You’ve got to start eating Dean, ok? Then you’ll probably be fine.”
“I knew you could build shit, but I didn’t know you were so creative, Dean,” Sam marveled, as the three of them sat before the birdbath in the dilapidated lawn chairs eating three-bean chili that Cas had made. “That thing’s a work of art. You could make more and sell ‘em.”
“If I had six hundred dollars, my car would be in the garage right now,” he shouted.
As Dean scrambled for his things, cursing, Cas continued, “You can borrow my bike.”
“It’s a long story,” Sam said, his voice building with excitement, “but Professor Mills took a liking to me when she found out I was interested in legal aid because she fosters troubled teen girls, and almost everyone else in my class wanted to go into tech law or international law, or some other area that’s hot these days.” Dean’s chest filled with pride, not just to hear about Sam’s academic successes, but to know that he was still sticking to his original plan from when he was young, to study law so he could help people out who had no money. Dean had scoffed at his goals back then, asking what the point was of becoming a lawyer if you weren’t going to make the big bucks.
“And look,” Cas said, holding the catalogue up for Dean to see. “This class reminded me of you and your bird baths: ‘Sculpture Intercepting the Waste Stream.’ It’s all about making art out of recycled materials.”
“Sometimes,” Cas said, now carrying his plate to the couch and sitting down. He placed the plate carefully on the coffee table and drew his legs and bare feet up easily to sit cross legged. Dean didn’t have a foot fetish, but Cas’s were slender and pale. Sexy damn feet.
“Amara, he’s my husband,” Carmen countered. “I can handle this.”
“Cas, sweetie,” Carmen said. “Just ignore him. He’s just mad because he got another DUI and his car was impounded.”
“It’s just nice to see you enjoying food again that isn’t round or raw,” Cas answered. “And you sound like you’re having sex.”
Fuming silently in the back of the fucking Kia on the ride home, all Dean could think about was how to get Baby out of impound. Never mind that she’d probably be taken back once he was sentenced and he’d probably have his license suspended for a while. He couldn’t bear the thought of her being abused..
“Dean’s fine,” Cas said.
By the time a year had passed since Dean was sentenced, he had come to the conclusion that Baby was important to him and he wanted her back. She wasn’t his whole life anymore, but she was something he had taken care of his whole life, and that was worth something. Once he’d fixed her up from sitting undriven for a year in impound, he could probably get 40k for her, enough for him and Cas to get started with their dream home, but maybe that dream could wait, or maybe it was changing.
Sam looked so different when he stepped out of the rental car, got his suitcase out of the trunk, and set it in the front yard, that Dean thought he was someone else at first. The hair was longer, almost to his shoulders, but he didn’t have the shaggy bangs that used to almost cover his eyes. He’d filled out a lot, looking more like a linebacker than the beanpole he used to be. When Dean greeted him with a crushing hug, he could feel the muscled planes of Sam’s back. Dean couldn’t talk for a minute, gripping tight. At first Sam didn’t return the embrace, but then he loosely wrapped his giant arms around Dean.
1. Talk to Carmen, apologize, ask her if she wants a divorce, give her whatever she wants, tell her she can sell house and keep anything. I can never make things up to her so do whatever she wants.
Dean ran his hand through his hair. He wasn’t sure what to say to most of that, but he could answer her question. “Not until after you left, but yeah,” he admitted.
Dean watched Benny drive away and took another bite out of his delicious beet. He watched Cas approach from afar, walking up the street with his hands in his pockets, his canvas backpack slung over his shoulder. He had an easy gait, his joints loose as a dancer’s.
“Carmen, back when we met, we saved each other, right?” he asked. “But I don’t think we’ve been good for each other for awhile, y’know?”
Cas smiled and shook his head. “I don’t think we’re talking about the same thing.”
He cut to the chase, not quite looking her in the eye. “Amara, I need to borrow some money.”
The sky was darkening, but Cas was too bright to look at. Dean curled tighter and let himself be rocked and rocked.
Cas tilted his head in that cute, bird-like way he had when thinking about something. “I’m not sure college is for me,” he said. “My dream is to live off of the land, not beholden to any established infrastructure or authority. Universities are very much a part of the establishment.”
“Something to read?” Carmen spat. “Cas, I’ve read your stupid zen books, or whatever. You’re a little boy who thinks he’s a wise man.”
“The Dean I know would not be happy with this situation,” Carmen said, her voice rising. “He has no money, no job, no car, and his court date is next week. What moron’s going to be happy with that?”
Moments later, Cas’s thrusting became erratic and Dean could feel his dick pulsing over and over deep inside him. “Dean, Dean, my beautiful love,” Cas sighed, collapsing forward onto Dean. He found Dean’s mouth with his own and they kissed sloppily, all tongues and saliva, before Cas started to trail wet kisses down Dean’s neck.
With that Dean pulled Cas back over to their shopping cart and resumed pushing it toward the produce area where he could see Carmen and Amara with their own cart looking into the dairy case. As Carmen turned around gripping a gallon of milk, she froze at the sight of the two of them. Amara turned and did the same, and he could feel Cas’s tension beside him.
Dean picked up the phone and called Carmen. She didn’t answer, so he left a message saying, “Hi Carmen. I know you probably hate me, but we need to talk about what we’re gonna do about everything. I’ll follow your lead. Ok, call me.” He almost said his usual automatic “Love you,” but stopped himself. Did he love her? Yes, but not the way he should.
The next few days, to his shame, Dean took the bus to work. He spent every free moment working to get Baby back. It took a whole day to track down the number for the impound lot where she was being kept, so during a ten-minute break between cars he called the number. After several minutes of god-awful hold music, a bored-sounding person finally answered and informed him that it would take almost six hundred fucking dollars for him to get her back. He wanted to cry. What the fuck was he going to do? The obvious answer was to ask Amara, but he was in too much debt to her already. Not having Baby was overshadowing the fact that he’d be getting a court summons in the mail soon and he’d probably have to be under house arrest again, lose his license and Baby for a while, and have to pay another huge fine since it was his third DUI. He wasn’t going to think about that, though, and thankfully Carmen hadn’t mentioned it either, although Dean knew she was thinking about it too. He’d considered for a nanosecond calling Sam for legal advice, but figured after over a year of not talking to each other, Sam’s reaction wouldn’t be a good one once he realized why Dean was calling. If he let himself think about it, which he rarely did, he missed Sam just as much as he missed Baby now, but not enough to put up with his sanctimonious bullshit.
Benny continued to shake his head. He gave Dean a long look and said, “Ok,” as if it wasn’t ok at all. “Later,” he said bruskly as he opened the car door. He was still shaking his head a bit as he got behind the wheel.
“He’s just shy,” Carmen said, making excuses for Cas’s weird behavior as she always did.
“I appreciate that,” Cas said with such sincerity that Dean deflated a little.
“It’s just a fact,” Cas answered, his face unreadable.
“No,” was all Cas said, leaning over the counter, continuing to eat his bacon standing. His clothes were baggy and rumpled, he had dark stubble on his face, and he didn’t look like he’d bathed in a couple of days, his hair a mess, but somehow all of that didn’t look bad on him. His bare forearms looked stronger than Dean had noticed before, the muscles well-defined. Dean imagined himself reaching out and gripping one, but instead reached for the coffee pot Carmen had left and poured himself a cup.
“Yeah, I guess,” Carmen conceded.
After pounding away at the concrete for a while, surrounding himself in rubble, he became aware that Cas was watching him from the sliding back door. He stopped his swinging and smiled at Cas’s quizzical look.
“Peyote,” he said.
“No, definitely not,” Cas said with an earnestness that made Dean smile. The dude was just so damn cute, like an old man trapped in a beautiful twenty-year-old body. “Native Americans have used it for millenia to access the divine, but there have been recent studies that show its benefits for those suffering from psychological distress.”
“Hello, yes, you were checking on my credit limit,” Dean said.
“Just a little bit of blow,” Benny repeated, rolling his own eyes. Unspoken between them was the thought that here they were, just talking, laughing, and getting high, and now they had to deal with these coked-up drama queens.
They relaxed for a while, maybe a half hour, and Dean started to drift off in the nest when he realized something was happening. The warm breeze across his face felt like the softest silk. He opened his eyes to see that the sky and leaves on the trees had become more vibrant than he remembered, like he was inside some kind of painting. The gongs in the music were vibrating inside him and he could feel the heat from Cas’s skin entering his own body. He turned to see Cas lying beside him with his eyes closed and decided to close his as well. He entered what seemed like a waking dream. He was surrounded by an ocean of color, every shade in the universe flowing and blending together in waves. He descended on an invisible escalator. Down and down. The colors surrounding him became richer and darker. Downward in the distance he could see black, and the colors darkened more as he drew near. Just as he saw his own body falling into a pure void, Dean sat up, eyes wide, with a gasp. It was still daylight, and he was startled by the rich colors surrounding him.
That night as Dean poked at the meatloaf on his plate, trying not to look at the ground muscle fibers and specks of fat, Carmen said, “Do you feel up to going to work tomorrow? Crowley called me. He said you weren’t answering your phone and he’d hire someone new if you were out much longer.” She shook her head. “What an asshole.”
“I got fired yesterday,” Dean answered, still smiling.
“But I want to,” Dean protested, gripping Cas tight. “It felt so good until, I don’t know, something snapped in my head.”
Dean felt as if he was entering someone else’s house. Cas was in the kitchen preparing something. He turned around when he heard Dean slide open the back door. “Hello, Dean,” he said with surprise. He looked Dean up and down as if assessing his condition.
“Well, maybe you do, but I don’t,” she said.
3. File for unemployment and start looking for a job
“Yeah, that’s really red, Dean,” Benny agreed, rolling his eyes a bit. Carmen just stared at him speechless for another few moments as he took another bite and chewed.
“I haven't had sex in a long time,” Cas said without shame once he had caught his breath.
Sam stuttered a bit at Cas’s blunt question before spitting out, “Well, yeah, dude, I mean, Dean’s dealing with a lot right now, y’know, legally, financially...um maybe with his...um,” Sam gestured at his head, but then seemed to think better of it and gestured to his whole body, “...health. I’m just trying to figure out how you fit into all of that.”
“It’s not like it’s meth,” she said defensively. “We’re just doing a little blow.”
“Dean!” Carmen whined, covering her eyes with her hands.
Lee frowned and stomped toward Crowley’s office, presumably to complain on Dean’s behalf, while Dean mounted the bike and headed home. He loved the ride, although he tried to be more careful since the accident so he didn’t get hit by any cars. He usually didn’t stop, but this time as he reached the Asian grocery he’d never gone into before, the brilliant colors of the vegetables on display out front called to him. He perched the bike against a telephone pole and examined all the produce. Most beautiful of all were the bunches of vibrant garnet beets with their plumes of green. “Wow, look at that,” Dean said to himself as he gathered up several bunches. “These are incredible.” He paid for them inside and carried them home on the handlebars.
Lee’s eyes widened. “You serious? She wanted me to give it to you even though you fainted like a pussy.”
He must have been staring a long time because Carmen was back and said, “They’re here, Dean. Get dressed and come on out. They brought a pizza.” She waited for him to acknowledge her and when he turned toward her, she gave him a forced smile. It took some time for him to dress in the Led Zeppelin t-shirt, flannel, and pants she had left on the bed and drift out to the living room toward Amara and Benny’s laughter. The laughter stopped when he entered the room and lowered himself into a chair, gripping the armrests and making sure his butt landed on its target. They watched him expectantly, holding their drinks, eyes darting to his bandaged head and scabbed palms, but Dean said nothing.
“She’s right there,” Dean said, feeling small, pointing at the picture, knowing he’d wasted both of their time.
After more waiting, an older Black woman with a name tag that read Missouri Mosely, M.D. arrived to examine him and ask a lot of questions.
“You’re proud of that, huh,” Dean said, crossing his arms and leaning back against the kitchen entryway.
“Why?”
Amara slung her arm over Carmen’s shoulders. “We’re doing real good,” she said, glancing at Carmen. “You boys look like a happy couple,” she added, looking them up and down.
At night, they continued to explore each others’ bodies with enthusiasm. Despite his youth, Cas turned out to be a take-charge kind of guy, and the second night after they'd showered, Cas brought out the condoms and lube. “I want to fuck you,” he whispered directly into Dean’s ear as he rutted against Dean’s groin. They were both naked on the bed and breathing hard. “Can I?” His husky voice shot straight through Dean’s body into his dick.
“What, like a cult?” Dean asked with growing trepidation about this half-brother-in-law he’d never met.
He went back to work on a sweet ‘59 Lincoln, but what usually gave him joy was now burning a hole through his chest because he couldn’t be with his own sweetheart. During his next break, he sucked up his pride and decided to try to get a loan from his employer. This worked once before when Carmen needed some dental work. Crowley was an asshole, but he valued Dean’s skills, so he advanced him the money and then took some out of his paycheck for the next six months. Surely this was more of an emergency than a root canal, right?
“Whatever you want to do,” Dean said. “I’ll sign over the house all to you and you can sell it. I’ll give you whatever you want.”
“I was trying not to wake you,” she whispered. Despite the coke from the night before, she seemed in better shape than he was.
“That’s it?” Dean asks, surprised. “I thought it was gonna be a shriveled gray thing or something, like magic mushrooms.”
The nurse taped some kind of bandage to his forehead and then wrapped his head a few times with another bandage. He figured he had a pretty big gash there from the feel of it. Under the pain, it felt like something was held tightly together. Stitches, he thought. The strange thing was that it felt like the stitches were holding something in that wanted to get out, like a beam of light or something.
Carmen got out of the car to greet her half-brother while Dean sized the guy up through the window. Now up close Dean could see he was a couple inches taller than Carmen, had her dark hair, and wore a loose hoodie and cargo shorts that hung low on his slim hips. Basically he looked like a teenaged stoner. And the bike just solidified that assessment--a purple cruiser (purple!) which looked like it had seen better days. Dean groaned, feeling completely sobered up as he got out of the car.
and watching them.
The next morning, Dean was torn out of a deep sleep by his blaring alarm, although he wasn’t aware at first what it was. He squinted into the light streaming through the window and tried to process the grating sound.
“Did he just say ‘not really’?” Amara asked in disbelief.
“Enough,” Dean said. “I know he...touched her.” Carmen had told him that long ago, in high school, and they’d never talked about it since. Dean had been filled with rage over it, but the guy was already dead by then, a suicide, so there was nothing he could do about it.
The girls were nowhere to be seen as Benny and Dean continued their nonsensical conversation. That’s why Dean liked weed so much. Everything seemed either profound or hilarious when you were baked, and you didn’t have to think about anything in your actual life.
Dean went out on the front porch and kicked the plastic chair there down the steps. Then he picked it up and bashed it on the ground several times, but it was too sturdy to break. Just another symbol of his impotence.
“A what?” Dean said.
The embrace felt so right to Dean that he didn’t feel he could let go.
“I’m gonna get the doctor, honey,” she said, “Hold on.”
Dean wept and held tight. “I forgive you, Dad,” he said, and then his father was gone.
“Really,” Sam said, sounding amazed.
“Yeah, tell her to come in,” Benny agreed, making a welcoming gesture with his free hand.
“So how ya feelin’?” Amara asked, reaching out to slap him gently on the knee.
“I apologize,” Castiel said, “I arrived at nine o’clock.” He had a careful way of speaking and a deep voice that Dean didn’t expect. He also noticed that the guy had the bluest eyes he’d ever seen, wide with contrition. Dean tried not to stare, but Castiel was sort of gorgeous, and up close looked more like a man than a teenager.
Dean sucked on his cigarette. “I’m waiting for you to say something helpful,” he sing-songed.
Dean ran his hand down Cas’s arm and raised an eyebrow.
“Ah, yes, I have that information right here,” the voice said.
Other things changed too. Dean taught Cas to drive and Cas got his license. Cas bought his first phone, and he started going to meetings for something called the Sunflower Pride Coalition, which was some kind of club for queer college kids. Cas had wanted Dean to get involved too, but he’d begged off, not because he was in the closet, but because he’d be older than everyone else there, and he wanted to give Cas a chance to make friends on his own. Sometimes Dean wondered if, as Cas discovered more of college life, he’d meet a guy his own age and move on, but Dean refused to get possessive and jealous. He had to give Cas, who had never been allowed to be a part of regular society, a chance to figure things out for himself. Maybe Cas would find there was more to life than Dean, but so far he’d shown no signs of losing interest in their relationship. Dean just had to hope for the best.
The word “awakening” hit Dean in the sternum. Yes, that’s what it felt like, like he was waking up after the long sleep of his life. He’d been drifting along on top of every experience, eyes closed, and now he wanted to dive deep and feel, open his eyes and let the dirty water run across them.
He was met with silence.
“Huh,” Sam said again, like he had more to say about it but was holding back. “So Dean, it sounds like you need a lawyer for a few reasons,” he said, switching gears.
Dean stood and met up with Cas in the kitchen. He crowded him up against the counter, cradled Cas’s face in his hands, and whispered, “This is all I need,” before kissing him.
Cas walked right into the kitchen, making a beeline between Dean and Amara to the refrigerator as if he didn’t see them. He opened the refrigerator door, looked inside for a few moments, closed it without removing anything, turned around, and looked at them, expressionless.
“Carmen, where’s he gonna sleep?” Dean asked.
Dean loosened his hold and pulled back to look at Cas’s face. “Yeah?” he asked.
“Not really,” Cas said without inflection before disappearing down the hallway.
“Yes you do. Dean…” she insisted just as the front door opened and Cas came in, causing her to let go and back up.
Dean tried to imagine a younger Cas, reading books by himself on some kind of commune. It wasn’t hard to envision. “You could get a GED and go to KU,” he said. “They let anyone in.”
“He hasn’t hurt anybody,” Cas said.
The next morning, Dean woke up, still fully dressed, on the couch. He looked bleerily at his watch. “Oh no,” he mumbled when he saw that it was already past eight thirty. His shift started at nine. His mouth tasted like ass, but he had no time to shower or brush his teeth. He wiped the crusties out of his eyes, ran into the bedroom and scrambled to get dressed. He looked in his wallet to see two one dollar bills, not enough for an Uber. Carmen was already at work. There was no way he could make the bus to get to work in time. Fucking bus. Crowley was not going to take kindly to him being late because his car had been impounded for a DUI.
Dean could barely speak through his pleasure, but he needed to keep hearing Cas’s voice and his own. “I’m here, angel. So good, baby. Go harder, harder.” He gripped at Cas’s ass cheeks pulling him in deeper, his eyes locked on Cas’s. “Don’t stop looking at me,” he demanded.
She moved closer to him so their faces were inches apart and continued, “You know Carmen was the one who told me not to give you any money.” She put her hand loosely around his wrist, avoiding his scabbed hands. “I want to though.”
“What are you doing home?” Cas asked.
Cas’s eyes brightened. “Oh, I’m enamored with the wide variety of plants. It’s very fulfilling to care for them.” Then he frowned a bit. “I’m not overly fond of operating the cash register though, which I sometimes have to do when we’re understaffed.”
“Because no one would understand that,” she said as if speaking to a small child.
“Dean, I don’t know what any of this is,” she said, circling her hand around his body.
Dean shrugged.
Although Dean hadn’t been able to imagine how it could, the sex just kept getting better and better. Dean still craved feeling Cas’s cock up his ass, though. He wanted Cas to be a part of him the same way that he could be part of Cas. He’d actually dream about Cas thrusting deep inside him sometimes, filling him up, and would wake up feeling empty, disappointed to see his beautiful boy asleep beside him.
“Yeah, they went back to eating meat,” Cas explained, frowning. “The leader, Chuck, he’s pretty fickle.”
“Yeah,” Dean grunted from where he lay on his stomach, his cheek pressed into the sheet. He found that if he pressed the side of his face into the bed rather than the pillow, his neck was more comfortable and he could still keep the head wound from pressing into anything. He’d never been able to sleep well on his back.
“Glad I could help, but you have a shitload of paperwork to fill out now, so let's get it all done.
“Oh, you,” she said, twirling her hair and biting her lip in a cartoonish display of flirtation. He entered, head down, arms limp, as if walking to his execution. “That was a total Michael Myers moment.”
“Are you really gonna just let Baby go?” Sam asked.
“It was a thing for awhile on the ashram,” Cas said, and Dean thought he detected a little eye roll, not a gesture he’d seen Cas make before, “so I read a lot about it.”
Back inside, he found Carmen in the bathroom. She wrapped his head back up with efficiency, examined the scrapes on his hands, leaving them unwrapped, and then got ready for their guests as Dean studied himself in the mirror. He hadn’t shaved since before the accident and he had a scruffy beard going. He couldn’t seem to widen his eyes more than a squint. His cheeks were a bit hollowed. Who was this person in the mirror?
Cas slumped down onto Dean’s chest, slipping off of Dean’s softening cock, and peppered Dean’s face with wet kisses. Dean captured Cas’s mouth with his own.
The voice seemed to hesitate before saying, “Sir, do you have any other questions pertaining to your credit?”
She said nothing to defend herself.
“Boy, what did you eat?” the doctor asked.
“They are?” Dean asked. He’d never thought about nutrition before, just ate what everyone else around him ate and what he liked. “I used to eat pie for breakfast a lot,” he mused. “Used to hate peas.”
Dean found himself standing and entering the house as Cas said, “Oh, ok,” meekly. “I’ll just get my things.” Both Cas and Carmen turned to look at Dean as he entered as if they’d forgotten he was out there at all.
Cas finally spoke up and said, “Are you a couple?” Thank god for Cas’s bluntness and willingness to say what Dean was thinking.
“Just lie down with me, angel,” Dean said, pulling on Cas’s arm.
Dean resumed his pounding of the concrete for a long time and eventually reached dirt. He knelt down, grabbed a handful, and let dark grayish-brown topsoil run through his fingers. It felt warm and alive. Once he had broken through to earth, it became much easier to crack the rest of the concrete, and he was able to pull it up in chunks which he started piling up at the back edge of the yard against the wall. At some point Cas had returned and sat on the steps watching him.
“Isn’t it kind of weird to show up in the middle of the night?” Dean said by way of greeting, not caring when Carmen gave him a pleading look.
He closed his eyes and said, “Mmm,” before falling asleep again.
“How ya feelin’?” Ash asked, peering over the rim of his coffee cup at the bike with his perpetually glazed stoner eyes.
Cas looked at him intently, his eyes bluer than they’d ever been. “What do you want, Dean?” he asked.
She cracked a small smile, got up, and sat beside him, nestling beneath his arm.
Dean looked up at Cas and said, “I’m just starting to feel good,” with a smile that Cas returned.
Dean nodded while dicing the carrots.
“I dunno,” Dean said. College had always seemed like Sam’s thing. No one ever expected Dean to go, and so he didn’t expect that either. “I mean, I got my GED easy,” he continued, “but I always wanted to work on cars, and you don’t need college for that. I’m not sure what I want now though.” He hadn’t thought about working on a car since Crowley had fired him, and now that he thought of it, no one would hire him if he didn’t even have a car to get anywhere. The Impala had been his entrance into the job at Crowley’s in the first place.
Cas looked up, his head tilted again. “You don’t sound too worried about all of that.”
The next time he opened his eyes it was because someone was touching the knife that was back in the center of his head. He groaned and tried to focus on the stranger’s face. It was a young Asian man. He held Dean’s eyelid wide and shined a light in it. Despite Dean’s groan and attempt to pull away, he held him still by the chin and repeated with the other eye. He then prodded at Dean's forehead with a gloved finger, increasing the pain.
“No one likes a smartass, Sammy,” Dean replies as he takes in his homemade still life, complete with rickety wood table, table cloth, and fruit bowl that he had set up in his backyard for better lighting. “It’s called ingenuity and plein air.”
“You were-” And
“Swans create nests so large they’re measured in feet instead of inches,” Castiel replies breathlessly. “Ours is big enough to sleep in. I can barely get to the kitchen.”
The tears that had been gathering in his eyes roll down his cheeks, catching in the stubble on his jaw, and playing Plinko down onto his neck. They’re wet the same way that summer rain makes women’s hair frizz out, and his skin itches. He’s overwhelmed like the room is spinning, but what else is he supposed to do, when it’s Cas saying this, the one person whose opinion rivals Sam’s in its value to him. What is he supposed to do when someone loves him and means it?
“Mm. Yeah, um. Just- The new Taylor Swift stuff.” He pushes his lips out. “Heavy shit.”
Cas’s eyes narrow in that fond way that Dean likes to think is reserved for him, before stepping away to tug the cream sweater over his head. No matter how many times Dean has seen Cas in any state of undress, he doesn’t think he’ll ever get used to it. The dude’s a fucking beefcake under all of his accountant clothes.
“You deserve to be touched with love.”
“That’s enough!” Dean roars, and there are furious tears gathering in his eyes.
Dean wonders if the kid brought porn. God, he’s such a bad parent. What was he thinking? Jack is God now and probably knows damn well what Busty Asian Beauties is. Oh, Christ. Did his kid buy him skin mags to make him feel better?
“Oh, what a beautiful mess on your stomach. Such a good boy, Dean, working so hard to please me in return. Very good,” Castiel murmurs. “That’s it.” He slows his moving fist. “Thaaaats’s it, Dean.
“I can still smell your aftershave,” he rumbles, looking thoroughly pleased. Then, his eyebrows knit together. “My stomach feels… odd.”
Cas shows no sign of surprise, however, just looks over to where Dean had spoken from.
“Of course. To say that it seemed like an unpleasant nightmare would be an understatement.”
“That…” Sam says, “That doesn’t make any sense.”
Dean’s soul pulses with sweet glee and reaches out as though trying to hold Castiel in return.
“I’m not leaving you here alone like this,” Dean’s voice comes from above him. It’s resolved at the same time that it’s distressed. “You can hate me after this, I swear. Or you can hit me again or yell at me some more or whatever you gotta do. But right now I have to make sure you’re okay. You gotta be okay, Cas.”
. And Cas has seen those stars that hang weightless in his eyes, has crafted them in his hands and released them out into a dark, blank canvas. It makes Dean get sappy if he thinks about it for too long. Sometimes, he looks up at the North Star he’s been looking at his entire life, and wonders if Cas was the one who made it. That, maybe, even at four years old, there was something that Cas had touched looking down on him.
He doesn’t know where he’s going. His bedroom isn’t too far down, but he doesn’t want to sit in his bed alone with his thoughts, either. Eventually, his feet carry him to the kitchen.
“Ready?” he asks and hopes to God that the answer is yes.
“Taylor did this to you?” she asks incredulously. They nod around hysterical grins. “You could have told me you got into a bar fight, and I would’ve believed you.”
“I’ve loved you since I first laid a hand on you in Hell. Your soul was a beacon in even the foulest of places. It was like a song, humming out the most beautiful melody, ringing like a bell. The definition of righteous: acting in accord with the divine, free of guilt or sin. Oh, yes, there was no doubt in my mind that you were the Righteous Man. And when I held your soul, it was…” Castiel’s eyes close in memory. “It was like love was bleeding from it. You were wounded and tortured and oozing enough love to cripple any entity that wasn’t an angel. And when I pulled you out, you clung to me, and I understood. I felt love in a way that I’ve never experienced love before, and I suppose that was the beginning of the end for me.”
Dean lets out a surprised laugh and looks back down his body to find Cas smiling at him. There’s the snap of the cap of the lube bottle being opened before Cas asks, “Are you ready?”
All of those lingering emotions, the residue that only a few hours ago he had no idea what to do with, are shiny on the surface like a penny on concrete. It aches. It stretches Castiel too wide when he remembers what it was like to open his eyes and see Dean for the first time again. No memories or motive, and still he wanted to bury himself in Dean’s ribcage.
“I need you to listen to me,” the announcement chimes.
“Hey, man.” Dean also looks wearier than the last time Castiel had seen him, tired in a way, but he’s smiling something gentle. Here in the half-darkness, there is no one to spy or coo or fawn. The quiet of the air holds them intimately. It is like that quiet has leached out into Dean, too, where he doesn’t stand up quite as straight, where he blinks in slow, heavy motions. Sleepy and peaceful. Like a dream.
“Frankly, I think I’m hilarious,” Cas says on a deep sigh.
In the oddest way, Castiel has the urge to cry.
Even with Cas’s agreeance, Dean doesn’t move his hand, just relaxes it like a living sleep mask.
And when Dean looks down the line of his arm to his hand, it’s to see the pads of his fingertips in contact with Cas’s orb, just like he knew they would be. “Hah,” he says very articulately.
And under it all is love. It’s so warm and vibrant and it looks like the table in their kitchen with everyone sitting around it. Cas’s wings outstretched, massive and wrapped around the three others, protecting them all even though none of them could see.
“Yes,” Castiel finds himself smiling. He isn’t always good with conversation, but the bees, the honey, that he understands well. “The honey that bees produce is a product of the pollen they collect from flowers. Different flowers have different pollen, and create different tastes in the honey. The different flavors are called varietals.”
“Uh,” Cas says, eloquently. “Whoops.”
“Regular pancakes, or did you decide to try something new?”
“Yes. I’m alright. It’s… odd, but not unpleasant. I don’t know who you are, but I don’t distrust you either, which is unusual for me. I apologize for worrying you earlier.”
Dean huffs out a laugh, “Yes, your highness.”
And it’s Finley running up to them with a wide grin on her face. “Finley?” he asks.
“What voice?” the windchimes play. Then, urgently, as the orb grows a strange sickly green core under the white glaze on top, “I’m not hurting you, am I?”
It’s warm, that little moon. Warm like bathwater that’s just the right temperature and warm like greeting an old friend. It fills Dean up past capacity with what must be the softest affection known to man.
“It’s an absolutely lovely nest, Dean.”
Castiel isn’t sure who the man is talking to, but after a beat, another voice floats in from the other room. The kitchen, if Castiel remembers the set up of the house correctly. If anything he remembers is correct.
Dean always closes his eyes when they kiss each other, so he’s not sure why this feels so much more raw. Maybe it’s because he’s
Dean’s thumb and pointer finger circle Castiel’s nipple, pinch it, then move to the other. The way Dean’s mouth brushes against the shell of his ear as he speaks is so fragile, barely there, and Castiel feels it like electricity in his bones.
They finally turn the Taylor back on, and it bounces off of the tile walls from the shitty speaker of Sam’s phone.
“No,” Castiel keeps his voice as even as he can, “my name is Castiel.”
He brings the white light in closer to contradict the inches that it just moved away so that it’s right in front of his chest. He stares down at it and hopes that he’s looking in the right spot to meet Cas’s angel eyes. Maybe any spot is the right spot.
Cas hums a sympathetic noise, but Dean still can’t see his expression, staring down at the dull pink of his bedspread instead. He takes another deep breath through his nose. It prompts Cas into saying, “Is your stomach hurting you, too?”
Castiel stares at the offered hand for maybe a beat too long before he takes it carefully. Pushes down every instinct in his brain to memorize where the callouses are, which parts are softer than Castiel would expect them to be. “Dean,” he repeats back and pumps their joined hands twice, “I’m Castiel, and the pleasure is mine.”
“That’s why we’re practicing,” Eileen says kindly, and he’s so fucking glad he asked her to help. Dean breathes in deeply through his nose, nods at her. “Start with what you need me to do.”
Dean imagines it, a sweet little Cas before he became a warrior, before he became depended on, when his most basic nature was to find a way to be gentle with others like him. Others who wanted to be gentle too even when they were condemned for it.
Castiel’s brow furrows.
He slings his arms around Cas’s shoulders so that they’re pinned between firm muscle and the solid wood headboard as he closes his eyes, lets himself feel it. Where their skin touches, how Castiel holds his weight so easily, and the very specific sensation of being filled. Wrapped up and held.
” Castiel comes with a long growl, his toes curling.
This is it, Dean just knows. Suddenly he’s so excited about his surprise that it makes him shift on his feet, fighting down a grin while his stomach erupts in nervousness.
Dean doesn’t know what to say other than, “I’m sorry.”
“I’m just telling you the truth. Though I like that you enjoy hearing it.”
She moves to stand beside him to wipe down the counter that runs along the bottom edge of the big stall window that he’d been leaning on. “I don’t mind, Bee. I guess I’m just more curious than anything. I’ve never seen you like this before.”
“Yes,” Castiel agrees, even though he can’t shake the feeling that he missed something. “We certainly have contrasting ways of expression, though even that may be an understatement.” He finds the corner twitching up in an amused smile. “Still, Gabriel is a surprisingly good brother when he wants to be.”
This close, Castiel can track the way that Dean’s pupils dilate.
He doesn’t bother responding with words, just raises his half-full beer towards her in appreciation alongside a toothy grin and a wink, to which she responds with batting eyelashes and more of that crusty laugh. Then she’s on her way down the bar to where someone from the group of football drunks is trying to order shots for the whole table.
The way he says it, his inflection, strikes Castiel as odd. The type of emphasis that implies that Dean even knew Castiel had a brother in the first place, which Castiel is almost positive he’d never mentioned in any of their interactions. He watches as the look of surprise on Dean’s face morphs into something frightened. Castiel doesn’t think he’s ever seen Dean… scared before. Real open fear.
Going back to the general spots where Dean had ‘poured’ his pancake batter, he taps his fingers on each of the eight areas and carefully whispers, “
Cas is
“Dean-”
Breathless, he says, “It ain’t gonna take much, Cas, I can promise you that.” In response, Castiel easily adds another finger alongside the first on the next thrust in, picking up their pace. “
“Are you having… sweet dreams?”
“Each other’s,” Dean confirms with a rumbling voice. He rolls his bare shoulder back and relaxes his muscles as he moves just a little bit faster. The glide of Cas in him is easy, easier because they only have the room to part about halfway before Cas pushes back in fully. So deep that Dean can feel it at the top of his spine.
He imagines how the dream could have ended, if he had- if he had touched Dean. Maybe Dean would have moaned, “That feels real good, Cas. Tighter, hold me tighter. Please, help me, I need to come and it’s been so long since someone touched me. I’m so sensitive. I’m sensitive all over. I can’t wait to go home. We’ll lay in my nest and you’ll be inside of me-”
The only sound in the kitchen is the spitting whine of the coffee machine while they stare at each other.
They ride off slowly, departing from the trotting circle that Jody takes the horses in, and out into the world. Dean weaves through the treeline break that signals the beginning of the path he knows like the back of his hand. Every familiar bump, every curve, and Baby responds to the barest of his movements at the reins. She is there with him on the same wavelength as they gather speed. Faster, then faster, as Dean hunches down low and molds his chest along the base of Baby’s neck. They rip through the night air until it’s biting at Dean’s nose and cheeks, blistering them red.
“Any tingles?” Dean asks, to which Eileen hums a negative.
“It seems I’ve run into a… problem.”
“Seriously?”
He is not cooperating.
To his surprise, Finley just rolls her eyes at him. “Only because the dumbass deserved it. I mean, who even says something like that, anyway? Besides, you think you were bad, you should’a seen the crowd after you left.”
“Of course not,” Castiel answers fondly “Dean is building a nest at home. It’s beautiful, he has quite the eye for that sort of thing. It’s made of gold twigs that look like they would be sharp, but they are very comfortable to lay on.”
Dean holds up his hands in surrender. He feels light with it, with this new discovery that he can make people feel something pleasant with the fingers that some days he swears he can still see blood on no matter how clean they are. “How about we break out the makeup brushes? Apparently, those are, like, pretty sweet.”
Dean startles awake on an inhale, staring at the concrete of his bedroom wall. There was something- something-
She returns to set a tumbler down on the countertop in front of Mystery Man about a second later because whiskey neat takes literally no time to pour, and then she’s looking at Dean.
“Perhaps you’ve noticed that I’m still hard.”
Everyone is staring at him now. A mischievous smile is growing on Sam’s face.
Castiel brings one of the clementine sections to his mouth and chews it angrily.
“Eileen, these drinks are outstanding.”
“You thought so in the dream as well, when I told you about it.” Castiel’s voice drops, thickens with emotion and something hotter than that. “You told me you wanted to make it nice for me because that’s where I would be inside of you.”
Ella looks at him with the type of solemness that only a toddler can manage when she nods and says, “I promise. I’ll be- like when I pet a kitty, and my mama says to be careful because I could hurt it bad.”
But it’s Cas saying it as gentle as it is firm, and Dean is so tired. So instead of brushing off Cas’s concern, Dean takes his advice and pulls one of the stools out from underneath the ledge to sit on, facing away from the wall and out towards the openness of the stall. He lets his body sag forward as it takes his weight, closes his eyes against his own exhaustion
“Yeah, Cas, I’m good. I’m just so fucking tired. Been a while since I’ve gotten some good shut-eye.”
“You hate it?” Castiel interrupts to ask and turns all of his attention to Dean.
Castiel moans while Dean chirps for him.
When Dean finally turns to look at him, Cas’s eyebrows are pulled together in something worried but soft, something understanding. And Castiel catches him with his gaze.
“Yes,” Cas says on the wisp of a breath.
“You bet I did. Got Eileen to help me sneak all of the pants out of his closet, right? Took them to the tailor in town, Crowley, ‘cause he likes me and he owed me a favor, and told him to take them all in two inches at the waist. Not enough that Sam couldn’t still get them on, but enough that they were uncomfortable as hell when he did.”
The white of Cas’s teeth as he smiles is visible even from where Dean is laying.
Cas doesn’t bother answering verbally, just nods. His eyes are so full of satin love that it drills into the bedrock of Dean’s skin, makes his heart rocket up into his throat. Dean can’t wait to touch him gently.
That guilt twists its fingers in him. “I’ll stop if it bothers you.”
“I went to a diner,” Castiel says slowly. Now that he’s actively trying to remember the events, they feel oddly distorted. “I’m fairly certain I went to a diner. I ordered breakfast and ate it. Then I came here, to this house. I remember coming here yesterday as well.”
He doesn’t know how to do anything else other than cry, his forehead against his knees. And he knows it’s not true, knows it, but it feels like his entire world is collapsing down around him. That there isn’t a part of his life that hasn’t been sullied by this, since the first moment Castiel stumbled across that swan all those weeks ago.
,” Dean’s hand squeezes, “want to give them to you.”
Dean’s free hand moves with a mind of its own up to the nape of Cas’s neck. He lets his fingernails rasp through the short hair there, and Cas hums his approval.
“But I’m ailing,” Charlie emphasizes before coughing pitifully into her elbow. It’s a fake cough that grows into a real one that has Dean’s face softening even as he pretends to roll his eyes.
“You are so docile for me, letting me take and give whatever I please. But you have no choice. You have no choice but to feel good. And you do. Feeling good is not a chore. Pleasure is without flaw, without draw-back, and there is no reason to fight it.” Castiel licks his lips. “I’m going to make you come now, Dean.”
Cas is staring at Dean now with all of his rampant sincerity.
Dean must be thinking the same thing because he pulls back with a scrunched up nose. “Ugh. My dick feels disgusting.”
I don’t want to forget about this, Castiel thinks. Maybe that’s the problem. Maybe that’s why it hurts so badly. I thought that you would mock me. I thought that you would hurt me with it. But here you are, with a handprint across your face and your heart broken so clearly in your chest that I can see it through your skin.
He imagines the swan frowning before asking,
Dean wants to pull Cas back under his skin again, back into his stomach again, but if he does that then he can’t hold onto the sweet light anymore. More than anything, Dean wants to be closer. He needs Cas to understand that all of the love being projected in osmosis through each of Dean’s cells that then carry fondness into his bloodstream and affection down to his toes is reciprocated. Dean isn’t just full of Cas’s love, he’s full of his own.
“Many. Anna and I, my sister, have four apiaries around the outskirts of the town that are located next to specific fauna to produce that varietal of honey. The other variations we have come from other vendors in the kingdom.”
The orgasm is the tearing of fabric, wreckage, pulling at Dean from all angles. And Dean cries at the ceiling, these high sobs that set chills up and down Castiel’s body. But still, Dean doesn’t move, not even his jaw, just the molten glass noises that ooze out of him hot enough to burn.
Charlie sniffles and wipes her nose on her long-sleeve top. “I got bored,” she says with congestion obvious in her voice. She’s even paler now than Castiel can recall her looking from the few times he’s seen her, with pronounced dark circles under her eyes.
So there’s a slick, cool finger that circles Dean’s hole. It doesn’t push in yet, just sorta pets the area as Cas kisses his thigh again. “Relax for me, please,” Cas says all politely.
“This is cool, man,” Dean says and is surprised to find that he means it. He kind of gets what Cas meant, about it being a little odd. It’s not strange as much as it’s weirdly intimate, but Dean could see how the sounds and imagery could be relaxing. Hell, he feels pretty damn relaxed and he’s been watching it for two minutes. “She’s cute, too.”
Under Castiel’s unwavering stare, Dean huffs.
That makes Castiel’s eyes snap back to Dean’s sharply. He sucks in a breath.
“So, I’ve been told,” Cas says almost airly, that son of a bitch. Dean’s half hard under the table and something tells him that Cas isn’t gonna help him with his little problem since Dean’s the one who started it, anyway. Maybe if he asks really nicely.
Through the ivy archway of center square where all of the restaurants and bars around its periphery are closed. The restaurants will open in a few hours for breakfast, and soon the whole square will smell like fresh sausage and baked goods. But for now, Dean is the only occupant. He circles around the empty fire pit to backtrack the way he came, his footsteps echoing through the enclosed stone walls.
Dean taps his pointer finger to the bottom corner of the paper. “So her name is Amethyst Iliad, the third.”
Castiel feels something loosen in his chest at the tone. He rubs his thumb over the back of Dean’s hand, watches the movement.
No kidding. Dean’s entire existence has just been the falling. It never occurred to him that it could’ve been anything else. Just the wind whistling through his ears while gravity brought him closer and closer to the very solid ground. To his grave. He’s been staring down his own grave for his whole life.
Dean gulps, nods again. “Yeah,” he agrees more softly, “we do.”
Dean holds on as tight as he can, until it feels as though his knuckles will erupt through the skin of his hands, and then he holds on even tighter. He stares into Cas and tries to memorize every detail of the stubbled face that looks back at him because if he dies again or leaves again or disappears again, Dean wants to have every pore categorized. Looking at those eyes is an abrasion to Dean’s sunburnt existence, where it is open and wounded and raw.
Dean’s mouth opens with a click. “Um.”
That makes Dean relax minutely beside him. He exhales long and slow. “But it does something for you.”
exclusive. To them, I spend too much time at the honey stall because I’m being a…” Cas pauses, before he air quotes, “‘social hermit'. And while I have to concede that they do have a point, that’s not the reason I spend my time in the honey stall.”
Finally, “Yes, I helped craft some of them.”
God, why did Dean even have to bring it up? His stupid fucking foot in his mouth, because of course, he should have expected this. What did he think was going to happen? For Cas to just shrug and smile at him,
“I was just gonna run into town to grab a few things,” Sam motions over his shoulder, “was just wondering if you had any interest in tagging along. Get Miracle some fresh air.” He smiles weakly.
constants, letting them hiss and stick on his teeth, “let me tell you how I make them. How about I tell you how I make them, and then you just listen? You just listen, and I’ll tell you how I make them. It’s pretty simple.
Castiel gulps and closes his eyes. It is hard to be honest, to bear gentle feelings when the world is so cruel. As much as it infuriates him, he understands the reason Dean shuts himself off from these sorts of confessions.
The store is deserted, so there’s no one there to answer him. Behind the bakery display cases where there would usually be an attendant stands a skeleton wearing a blue apron. Dean doesn’t give it a second glance.
And as much as Dean’s embarrassed about his breakdown, or even the thought of having another one, the idea of Cas close right now is appealing enough to outweigh any possible humiliation. “What about Heaven?”
The relief that was on the man’s face is short-lived because it evaporates into thin air at Cas’s words. If anything, he looks more distressed. He turns his head over his shoulder.
Dean groans. “It’s sorta starting to piss me off how sexy you are.”
“As for your current predicament… there may be something I can do to help.” Cas looks hesitant even as he says it, casting his eyes sidelong at Dean.
Dean doesn’t know how, but it feels like he can almost imagine Cas’s expression, the one on Jimmy’s face. A frown that isn’t so much hurt as it is emotional. Blue eyes watching Dean back like they’re not quite sure what he’s trying to get at or if Dean means what he’s saying or if this is all some trick. But underneath the surface layer of rightful distrust, there’d be something moved. Something that questions the truth of Dean’s words because Cas wants them to be true so badly that there’s no way they could be. But they are.
Sam pitched his voice even lower. “Well, yeah, he seems smart, but I meant, he just seems kind of unusual, don’t you think?”
“Love you so much, baby,” Dean panted, pushing himself further onto Cas’s hand, his head thrown back in pleasure. “I’m ready, I’m ready, please!” he cried as Cas stroked him inside over and over. Dean was so close to coming already, but wanted Cas’s dick inside him before that happened. He reached for Cas’s erection where it rubbed against his thigh and gripped it tight.
“Ok,” Dean said. He had no opinion on the matter.
Crowley ignored his question. “And how am I supposed to explain to a customer that the bloke working on his hundred thousand dollar car rides a child’s bicycle to work?”
“Oh, why, because you can’t drive?” she said, mocking.
“That’s a picture of my car from More Power Muscles, from last year,” Dean said with pride, sliding the open manila folder across the loan officer’s desk with the photo of Baby on top of the papers. Getting Baby into that magazine was one of the proudest moments of Dean’s life.
“Dean, I don’t know if something was knocked loose in that blow to the noggin, but since you have been back, you’re coming in late, falling asleep under cars, and now you’re fixing up someone’s clunker for free on company time?”
Dean grinned and nodded. He had an urge to give Cas a big hug, but didn’t think he’d appreciate all the dirt and sweat.
Dean couldn’t think straight enough to make sense of that. “Could you repeat that?” he asked.
He moves his hand to cradle Dean’s cheek and releases the breath he didn’t realize he was holding. “Oh, Dean.” He lets his love eat him alive. “My Dean.”
But Cas doesn’t seem to mind, or maybe he can just read Dean like a goddamn book, because he offers him a soft smile out of the corner of Dean’s eye. “How has your morning been?”
Now, Castiel stops fully. He leans back so that he can see Dean’s face and finds a serious expression there. Nervous green eyes. “Dean…” he says unsurely.
Suddenly, Dean is at their side again as if he never left.
Dean’s hand slows and rubs tight circles at the head of Castiel’s cock. A frantic sound rips from his chest.
sound through his headphones and he honest-to-god has to stop himself from moaning out loud. What kind of addictive substances is she putting in those little plucky noises? It’s like a fantasy, these high melodies and harmonies that make Dean feel like he’s floating.
“Show me,” he murmurs. “Here. This intimate part of you that only I see. That only I touch. A gateway to the warmth of your body.” Castiel squeezes the lube onto the fingers of his right hand and then settles lower, braces his left on Dean’s left thigh as he brings his lubed digits to Dean’s hole. He presses one in.
“Damn right it was. Fucker deserved it.”
“You- us- sometimes, it feels like one of those good things. Cas, no one- no one’s ever stayed this long. And I don’t… we’ve had our fair share of moments.
It’s composed of guitars and drums, but it’s turned down so that it’s just loud enough to be heard over the rumbling of the car’s engine. Dean sings along to the melodies while his fingers tap on the steering wheel.
“I knew you were a smart cookie, Mr. Castiel, very observant. Yes, if it was the Winchester boys who gave you the shirt, you wouldn’t remember that either.”
Dean startles on his stool when Mystery Man speaks up again in that ashtray voice. “I apologize, I didn’t mean to… ‘look at you like that’.” He quotes Dean’s own words back to him haltingly, with sincerity, and it makes Dean frown. “I was taken by surprise. You remind me of someone I know.”
Cas turns the
Goosebumps break out across his skin. A hand in his hair.
Beside them, Dean is moving again as he plates the eggs from the skillet. “You- Is everything okay, Cas? Not that I don’t enjoy hearing about how great I am, but you’re kinda freakin’ me out.” Dean sets the plate of eggs on the table and then turns to Castiel with a raised eyebrow.
Oh. Well, that’s not what Dean was expecting at all. It makes him feel oddly fuzzy on the inside, and suddenly he’s a little bashful himself. “Uh, I can show you how I did it if you want.”
How funny. Yeah, this is funny. The irony of believing that crying is some unforgivable thing because his father was a piece of work, and then crying over that very same man. Thinking about him down in his grave. Thinking about him when he was still alive, when Dean was seven years old, hell, up until the day John Winchester died, and how Dean wasn’t enough. He was always too much like Mary and his dad hated it. But Dean would do anything for him, to get that approval that never came. This wound that never healed, and instead got pushed to the side by bigger, uglier things. But it’s bleeding with a vengeance now.
Just like that, Dean continues his easy flipping through his sketchbook, though now with only one hand as Castiel still hasn’t given up the other one. He lands on a page about halfway through the sketchbook that shows under-sketching and proportion lines of a woman walking. Around her body in the blank spaces of the page are hand-written words.
“You saying you’ve never had friends before? What about the angels?”
Dean’s playing with Miracle, chasing him in circles around the map table.
“You- ” Dean gapes back at him.
“Oh, yeah, could I hold your hand, too, Ella? Sometimes I get a little scared of the dark.”
“Do you remember when Sam was ill to the point we worried he may need to see a doctor?” Cas asks the wall to his right.
“C’mon! It’s sexy!” Dean argues, his voice pitching up at the end. “You can’t tell me there’s nothing appealing about watching people getting it on while we sit there together.” He throws his voice down to a bumbling purr, just on the north side of joking. “Maybe we both still have our clothes on and our shoulders are touching. Both of us getting hard and pretending we’re not, but we both know because we’re both watching the same person falling apart.” His tongue flicks out to wet his lips.
It’s almost comical how similar Sam’s reaction is to Dean’s, his expression shocked.
Sam holds his cellphone up awkwardly. “Eileen, the, uh, girl that we met on that banshee case at the senior living complex, she just texted me that-”
Castiel’s eyes slide back to the man that’s looking at him with increasing worry, and he remembers nothing.
With that, he stalks off in the direction of his house, not even waiting to see if Charlie is following him. His own heart is beating in his ears, his chest heaving against the weight on it. With every footstep he takes, it is a symphony of fury in brass and
The only answer Dean receives is the bee staying put exactly where it is. He huffs a laugh.
“This mouth is so lovely, Dean. Pink and inviting.” His gut tugs. “Hot… and damp.” His breath shakes. “You can’t close it. You can’t keep me out. You wouldn’t wish to keep me out, even if you could. It becomes irresistible.” Castiel grows harder and he hasn’t done anything yet, but even the thought of what he will do next-
“You built a nest for us in my living room, did you know that?”
like a whisper that sends chills through him.
He only allows himself these trips on Mondays and Fridays. A way to start his week and to end it. If he didn’t limit himself, hold himself to invisible self-imposed rules, he knows he would be at the Linden apiary almost every day. As if Anna and Gabriel aren’t on his case enough about how much time he spends with the bees.
“Going like candy,” Mr. Davis says. He grins with slightly yellowed teeth, his scraggly eyebrows jumping to his forehead. “Have any interest in one?”
The drag of Dean’s body relaxed and sleep-warm around Castiel’s cock is silk on his fried nerves until he is so near to the edge he can barely stand it. Castiel’s breathing is heavy now, even heavier because he’s trying to quiet it and he doesn’t think he’s succeeding.
“Hard cider,” Dean deadpans.
“Yeah,” Dean gulps. “That.”
“I think it’d be appropriate to call you Linden if that’s alright with you.”
win at Hands again, Charlie.
Castiel kneels beside him, his clothed knees perpendicular to Dean’s fleshy stomach. He’s wearing pants but he’s not wearing a shirt, because Dean had said he’d felt too weird about being fully naked if Cas was fully dressed. Castiel’s not entirely sure how long the pants will last, anyway.
When Dean opens his eyes, he sees blue. That rich heavenly blue that traps Dean in his place. He’s never seen something so beautiful, the color of Cas’s eyes, and it’s like sinking into the safety of Cas’s grace all over again. Maybe he hadn’t really resurfaced from it at all. Why was he fighting so hard against this again?
“I’m assuming that you exacted your revenge on him eventually?”
Here, where Castiel can stare and Dean cannot flee.
Castiel watches Dean, who is looking at him differently now that he knows Castiel remembers him, and Castiel’s breath catches. Because all of a sudden he realizes that the clementines had always been for him. Because Dean is wearing that face, again, like he doesn’t even realize he’s doing it. His eyes are so naked with it.
“Of course. That sounds like an excellent choice of breakfast,” Cas agrees. He turns over his shoulder as if to grab one of the many jars, but Anna is already right there to place it into Cas’s hand. When Cas isn’t looking, she meets Dean’s eyes with her own curious ones. She quirks an eyebrow at him.
at home. Home is boring. I finally made a prison break and now you’re gonna force me to go back? After I risked my life to walk here?”
“Okay,” Dean finally says to himself, “sure. Good talk. Now that you’re, uh, acquainted, let’s roll out.” He’s addressing them all, but his voice is still somewhere distant. Then, “Cas-tiel, you ride in the backseat.”
“That’s wonderful,” Cas mumbles into the pillow. “You’re very good at this.”
The bartender makes her way over to the newcomer, and Dean takes the opportunity to eavesdrop through the noise of the drunks.
“Just because it’s hard doesn’t mean it’s not good advice. You give very good advice, Dean.”
Dean’s soul shudders furiously, and the whine that falls from his lips is more like a cry.
On the next press, he lines his middle digit up with his index and moves both of them together into Dean’s mouth. It’s so heated. It’s so intimate. Knowing that Dean cannot do anything but lie there and take it. Castiel pulls out, pushes back in, again, until the rhythm resembles intercourse more than anything else.
They hold each other in this Louisiana bar.
“And I think you deserve to feel good, Cas.” Dean sighs, “You deserve a lot of things.” The hand on Castiel’s chest dips to curl around his erection through his boxers. They’re saturated at the head now from precome, and Dean’s fingers dance across the spot. Castiel whimpers, his hips jutting up. “And I really,
Hopefully, Dean and Charlie can change that.
“No, you just sound weird.”
“Ahh,” Castiel says calmly. “Yes, I understand. I feel that way about some of her songs that you play in the Bunker. It can be easy to get overwhelmed by it.” His lips pinch. “Maybe it would help if I listened to it with you?”
In a sturdier voice, Cas reads directly from the book. “
With a gulp, Dean feels helpless to do anything but follow Cas’s directions. So his eyes close hesitantly, and he fights every urge he has to open them back up again. It’s even harder to keep them closed against his own surprise when suddenly both of Cas’s hands are cradling his face. Dean breathes evenly, purposefully. Hyperaware of his other senses, he can feel the air move when Cas leans into his space, so that the feeling of lips being pressed to his isn’t as shocking as it could be.
He can see the gears turning in her head as she tries to make a decision. Finally, she says, “As long as it’s not a big deal.”
“I know,” Dean responds quietly.
He tries to save as much energy as he can to walk Miracle. Dean doesn’t linger on the thought, but he knows if it weren’t for that damn dog he may as well be dead right now.
He doesn’t want to wake up Sam and Eileen this early, even though he knows they’d assure him that it isn’t a big deal. And maybe it wouldn’t be, where Eileen would get up and make him a cup of tea while he and Sam sat in quiet company in the living room. But Dean doesn’t think he could handle their sympathy, even as well-intentioned as it may be. For now, alone is better.
Forever is the sweetest con, he thinks. That doesn’t mean he doesn’t want it.
“Yes,” Cas But Not Cas replies. “It’s really quite comical to hear you imitate my vessel.”
He meanders past Sam and Eileen’s place with no real destination in mind. The stream is the first place he thinks to go, but even he and Cas’s one-man path would be hard to navigate in the dark. And it just reminds him of his own genetics, that place where he was a swan for so long, and the spot where he spent his mom’s anniversary. So it’s a no. Instead, he appreciates the empty streets and roads while he can, walks into town while he can enjoy not being followed.
, Dean?”
Whatever’s on Dean’s face makes Cas frown. His wet finger moves across Dean’s left eyebrow to his temple, where a drop of water rolls lazily down the side of his cheek. It pauses there.
“Is this alright?” he asks softly into the floating quiet of the stall.
It’s quiet and dismal and full of love. The way that you say someone’s name when you already know everything about them, when you already understand that the name is just the label for the person under it. But that doesn’t make any sense either ‘cause he and Cas have only been talking for twenty minutes, and Dean knows he’s showing his fucking hand with his emotions right now, but there’s no way that Cas has that sorta understanding of him.
Castiel steps closer and settles himself across from Dean, a foot of grass separating where their toes point at each other. He takes off his gloves and sets them on the ground beside him. “I can see the logic in that- though if I remember correctly, many of the Swans flew in some routine for the Queen’s coronation two years ago. Which begs the question…”
“Dean.”
“Rude,” Eileen complains even as she laughs, holding a hooked pointer finger up to her cheek and wiggling it with the word. “And not even true.”
Because Sam is sitting at the wooden table against the wall with Cas across from him. From Dean’s slanted angle, he can see both of their profiles. Where both of them are crying in solemn silence, with Sam looking down at the mug between his hands and Cas just looking down at the table. A tear drips off of the tip of Sam’s chin and hits the wood below him.
Dean grins at her and bats his eyes a little bit. “First, you know how I enjoy your company. Second, I got a favor to ask.”
Sam is such a little dickhead. He’s so obviously biting back laughter, but Cas seems none the wiser. He’s staring at Dean now, curiosity in those big, blue eyes as he waits for a response. It would be so easy to lie, but Dean’s really trying to stop with the pretending thing, and he knows sometimes all it takes is Cas looking at him the right way to make his stomach a fluttery mess. He also thinks that lying might actually crush Cas and it’s not worth it just to save himself from Sam’s teasing.
, 42 years he’s been alive.
It’s easier to remember how to do this than Dean had thought it’d be, two years or so from the last time he let a dude fuck him. But the mechanics haven’t changed at all, and he lets out a deep exhale until his body melts down into Cas’s bed. With it, the tip of Cas’s finger pushes inside. It’s slow going, but it’s also sorta nice; To be here, to be taken care of by Cas. And just as Cas had promised, his touching is very careful. He talks to Dean through it, too, words of reassurance and when Cas is going to add another finger. For a long drawn-out moment, Dean feels like he’d be content to do this for hours. Until Cas presses against his prostate.
He didn’t really catch all of that if he’s honest, but he nods anyway.
Dean’s face screws up. “What’s that supposed to mean? You barely know who I am.”
Cas’s hand lays right over the flower stems.
Dean lifts trembling hands to the lapels of that trenchcoat and crushes the fabric in his grip.
“Uh, hey there,” Dean greets.
“You gonna make me say it?”
Because Cas can’t be human, but Dean doesn’t know if he’d really try to escape even if he knew how to.
In front of Dean, Cas’s face falls just like that. He deflates on himself until all of that joy he was just speaking with collapses into nothing but bleakness. Now, he won’t meet Dean’s eyes.
It’s like Dean’s brain tells his body to tighten up, but it just doesn’t listen. Cas’s mouth presses to the crease between his thigh and his groin, licking there while his stubbled cheek bumps against Dean’s throbbing dick, his finger working in and out at a lavishly slow pace. Cas certainly doesn’t seem shocked by Dean’s lack of ability to clamp down on him, because he adds a second finger alongside the first with no warning.
“Yeah,” Dean sighs and lets his head drop back onto the pillow again fully. “Yeah, I’m ready.”
, Dean’s soul seems to respond in ripples.
Castiel stares at him. His mind slams to a halt so abruptly that it goes flying in front of him, away from his body. The violence goes with it.
“Well, uh, ya know.” Great start. “When I think of bees, I think about how they make honey ‘n stuff, right? Like the, uh, pet bees you were talkin’ about. But, if you’re using the logic that bees are getting into their own heaven because of their, uh, selfless work, then wouldn’t you be separating them from the selfless work they’re doing by making them a heaven outside of humans? Not that humanity doesn’t fuck up, like, everything. But bees and people, they kinda lean on each other, I guess. Maybe some people’s heaven can only exist if bees are in it, and maybe some bees only view heaven as a place where they can help people. So…” God, he has no idea what the fuck he’s talking about.
“Fuck,” Cas growl like he doesn’t know he’s the hottest thing Dean’s ever seen.
Dean sighs with relief like this is the best news he’s ever heard. “Oh, good. ‘Cause- uh- it was pretty awesome on my end, too.”
He moves to kiss Dean’s cheek, his lips pressed and held there.
“Of course.”
“The things I’ve done-” Cas’s orb shudders, “they are horrific. I have- This universe is not better off after what I have put it through.”
He’s about to start shading in the basic blocking he has done when he feels a presence just over his shoulder. To be honest, Dean’s surprised it took this long for someone to start spying on him.
“Dude, a little warning?”
“You’re a natural.” Cas’s fingers press against his prostate.
“Okay?” Dean asks back carefully.
She accepts his explanation with excitement even though his voice is distant now, and waves at the wing in front of her as she says “Hi!”
It takes him multiple moments to string together an explanation for the position he’s in. He lives with the Winchester brothers in their underground bunker. They call him Cas.
Dean bets the bruises on his neck from Cas’s teeth are gonna look real nice in the bathroom mirror when he brushes his teeth after this. The idea of being Cas’s is a feeling he’d never allowed himself until now, but it makes him want to purr like a goddamn kitten. He knows, logically, that he would never do it, but there’s a little part of him that wants to strut around covered in Cas’s marks, gun in hand, dare anyone to question him.
“Right,” Castiel finds himself saying slowly, sounding skeptical even in his own ears.
“Cas, that ain’t true. You and I both know that ain’t true.” God, he’s so miserable with it, pleading for Cas to understand that Dean is barely anything, and certainly not anything good. All he does is leave people behind, along with his bloody footsteps. All he does is get left behind.
A growl works up out of his throat, his teeth bared and clenched around his wet emotions.
How long does it take for a living person to become a ghost?
Dean scoffs. “Right, so where are you, exactly?”
“I don’t know any other Dean’s,” Cas deadpans in a way that Dean now knows is Cas making fun of him. “If I did, I’d still be talking about you.”
Two enormous white wings burst from Dean’s back into the air behind him.
“So now there are vegetables involved?” Cas knees up onto the bed and haphazardly lays himself down, like even though he was human for a period of time in the past his body’s already forgotten how to rest. He settles facing Dean after a few seconds of shuffling, using his arm as a pillow under his head. Their faces are only a foot apart.
“A nickname?”
But Mystery Man is turning away again, down to the safety of his tumbler.
“It feels so good to experience this, Dean. To hold you in my palm like this and bring you pleasure because I love you. There is nothing to fight against anymore. So I want you,” Castiel’s hand tightens around Dean’s hardness as he punctuates, “
Castiel holds out his fully peeled clementine in his palm as if to present it to the swan.
When they separate, Dean’s lips are wet with Cas’s spit and his face is burning.
“Well,” Cas says, “That sounds like a good place to start.”
Sure enough,
is the next song, and the title alone is a bad sign. It starts with a slow organ. Dean pauses the music before it can go anywhere, just to buy himself a little more time. Deep breath. He knew this was gonna happen.
“You have rather recently discovered that your whole life has been an elaborate plot to a book, in which you and your brother are the main characters, and are relentlessly tortured both physically and emotionally at the hands of the Creator. This life, it has not been kind to you, Dean. Even less kind when understanding that someone was doing these things to you purposefully, perhaps even making you do things you may not have wanted to do. There is nothing wrong with how you feel.”
There are a few candles in deep, wide dishes dotted around, while fairy lights are hung up haphazardly around the shelf above Dean’s bed. He had felt whole-heartedly out of his element as he set it all up. Dean doesn’t think he’s owned a candle in his life. Like, ever. But Eileen had suggested them with a knowing look on her face, and Dean had a fake credit card burning a hole in his pocket and an abhorrent desire to make his boyfriend happy so he chucked a few into the cart.
Dean’s coos have turned to quiet catching calls, a rhythm of gradient “
“Yeah, okay,” Dean nods, and, God, it’s still so hard to think, to string words together.
Dean Winchester,” Castiel growls. “You were Dean Winchester this entire time that I believed I was sharing things,
It’s one in the morning, and Dean walks to the kitchen for raspberry ice cream because he’s a growing boy. He stops when he hears voices, both familiar, both quiet, where they leak out into the hall. Then, silence.
The way he’s crying doesn’t really feel all that healing anymore, but he can’t seem to make it stop, turning Cas’s pillow into a mess of fabric and snot. Just the thought of Cas is enough to make him gasp harder.
When Castiel doesn’t seem particularly reassured, Dean huffs and rolls his eyes, mostly to cover his nerves, and sits back on his heels again. The clock that’s been counting down to this moment has finally run out, and Dean is almost grateful for it. “I guess now is probably a good time to have this talk, anyway.”
in comparison to
Dean blinks up at him with surprise. He doesn’t seem to know what to say. Castiel’s eyes drop back to Dean’s cheek again. The skin looks red and tender, especially swollen where Castiel’s index finger had caught just under Dean’s eye.
This time it’s Charlie that grins, “Just one order of Castiel to go.”
“I’m your best friend, right Cas?”
Then, another feminine voice from further back, and this time Dean doesn’t see who it comes from. “Who did you say it was again?”
starts playing over Sam’s speaker. Dean’s shoulders tense.
“Castiel doesn’t remember anything that involves us. Castiel,” now Sam addresses him again, “do you even know where we’re going?”
Dean Winchester looks back at him through the window.
There’s a pause and Dean swears he can feel Cas’s grace swirling around gently in his gut.
“Uh- Hey, Cas,” he greets with a nervous and excited energy that he barely conceals. His hands fiddle together just in front of his stomach like they didn’t get the message that Dean should be all steady confidence right now. Seeing those little bits of the softened Dean he knows seeping out into the summer air makes Castiel’s own fingers twitch with the want to reach out and touch Dean’s warm skin.
Dean opens his mouth almost preemptively to argue with whatever he thought Charlie was going to say, but when he hears her words he closes it again, eyebrows furrowing. Then he turns to look at Castiel as well.
And the chorus talks about Coney Island, a place that Dean’s only been once when he was a kid, on a hunt of course. He remembers the beach walks and the Ferris wheel, everything loud and almost too beautiful. One breath from some terrible dream, somehow. And he understands why Taylor chose this place to mourn in.
“I don’t know,” he repeats, except this time it comes out upset.
Cas holds his eyes for a second longer before he nods. “Alright. Just allow me to clean this up.” He gestures to the cluttered ledge.
“Hey!”
Another Friday, another Monday.
“Castiel,” he calls quietly, voice pitched in a way that it’s obvious he’s not talking to Dean, but to Cas. “It’s been a hard few weeks without you, man. It’s gonna be hard for a while, I think. Dean and I, well, mostly Dean, got a dog. I keep wondering how you’d react to a dog. I think you’d either only give him water from the melted snow off of Mount Everest, or you’d say his smell insults your delicate angel senses. Maybe both. He’s a good boy, sleeps in Dean’s room with him.”
Castiel very much wants to stare, though he’s not sure if he’s allowed to.
From here almost all of Charlie’s face is visible while Cas sits in profile. They are beautiful together. For a moment, Dean just looks at them. These two warm people that he cares about wrapped around each other, their hands clasped in the middle while they play the game that Dean taught to Charlie when they were just teenagers. As if he could get any fuller.
“Dean,” she greets affectionately. He lets her pull him into a hug. If he holds onto her for a little bit longer than usual, she’s nice enough to not comment on it.
“Well- it- uh- it-” Dean stutters as his eyes move back up to find Cas’s again. Except Cas isn't there anymore, where it’s just Gabe behind the stall talking and handing off a piece of cake to a woman and her son. As if Cas was never actually there at all, just a phantom of him. But it had been him, really, Dean knows it, because he would know the line of that nose anywhere these days.
,” she speaks so softly that it’s almost a whisper, “
Dean stares down at the engraving of Castiel’s name on the table while his ribs mourn the pieces of himself that he lost in the dungeon that night. One particular piece shaped like an Angel of the Lord who would watch cowboy movies with him.
Everything slots into place. The fissure that was his body only a second ago suddenly heals into something legible. It’s screaming at him to bust through the bathroom door naked and soapy to pull Cas into his arms, but he refrains.
desire. Now, when Castiel focuses, there is no mistaking it for anything else. But desire for what, when the man just came?
Dean rolls his eyes to hide the way they tear up, “Sammy-”.
waitress, Sam looking at the pretty blonde daughter of the motel manager behind the front desk and freezing up, all pale and clammy and scared. Dean had taken one look at him and known something was wrong. Still, it probably took him longer than it should have to connect the dots on that one.
He wraps his arms around Dean’s waist, pressing in as close as he can until he feels something deep settle in him. He lets out a breath he doesn’t need.
Dean swallows around his own disappointment. “Yeah.”
Castiel closes his own eyes against the sight of the cracked ceiling above his bed and envisions something new. His cheeks heat up red as his imagination roams even though there is no one to see it.
“So it’s my swan brain reacting to what my real brain is already thinking?”
“Dean,” Castiel wills his voice to stay strong, sure of itself. Because it almost sounds like Dean wants this, too. “Whatever you can or can’t do does not stop the fact that I love you. Whether you are afraid or frustrated or-or think that somehow you will damage things irreparably between us, I am going to continue to love you regardless of that. You can’t stop me.” He swallows. “There is no option where I don’t love you, only options of what you will do about it.”
Then his breath is lost by how tightly he is crushed against Dean’s body. The angle is slightly awkward, Dean above him at his side so that Castiel’s shoulder digs into his sternum. He doesn’t know what to do or how he is supposed to react, so he stays still.
Cas puts up two fingers on his right hand and places them in the middle of Dean’s forehead. “Are you ready?” When Dean nods, Cas finishes, “Close your eyes.”
Then she’s squeezing out a pattern into his fingers, rapid and tricky. Hold-rest-hold-hold-hold-rest-hold-half pump-hold. Dean has this in the bag.
“Dude,” Dean says, “we came all the way here to ask you. Like, specifically. It’s not intruding.” He drops Charlie's arm to step closer to the window, peers up into Cas’s eyes. “Come with us, Cas. I promise it’ll be fun. And if you wanna leave, Charlie an’ I will walk you home.”
How did Dean get so lucky? How did he end up here, right here, in Cas’s bedroom in Cas’s lap where there is no reason to be anything other than himself? Where Cas is here like the world’s greatest company, because he is, because everything about Cas is something worth enjoying.
Charlie is undeterred. “Come to the fire with us! It’ll be so awesome!”
Cas slows, finally and too soon all at once. Dean’s whole body is still twitching. He doesn’t know if it’ll ever stop, if he’ll go through the rest of his life shaking like a leaf with Cas beside him. He hadn’t realized just how loudly he had been crying. Now that his blood isn’t rushing in his ears and Cas has stilled inside of him, he hears his own big, whooping sobs, trying to draw air into his lungs.
As promised, she’s very careful, her touch so faint that Dean can barely feel it through the massive feathers.
“Fuck you, ‘succeeding’,” Dean moves to kneel up so that he’s eye-level with Cas. “How ‘bout this for one-ups?” and then leans in for a proper hug. It’s an absolute misdirection, and he can tell it works by the way that Cas’s arms surround him and then relax against him. The angle gives Dean perfect access to the stubble on Cas’s neck that leads up under his ear, and Dean breathes warm against the skin, feels Cas freeze. Gotcha. His lips are so close that they brush the shell of Cas’s ear when Dean whispers, “I love you, too, ya know?”
Dean almost expects Cas to let him go with the realization, but his hands hold dearer and he gulps next to Dean’s ear. When he nods, his stubbled jaw catches Dean’s temple.
“Charlie,” he says, “maybe this isn’t a good idea.” It’s not. It’s really not, and hey, maybe this is something that can wait until tomorrow. He stops in his tracks.
“Yeah, but the difference is I’ll say hi back and mean it,” Dean holds his hand up to cover his mouth and faux-whispers back.
Dean brushes his teeth, inspecting the stubble on his face and frowning when he realizes he should probably shave today. He spits into the sink and with a sigh, he goes about getting out everything he needs. He slings a towel over his shoulder, and pumps the shaving gel into his hands, rubbing them together to get the gel to foam. He’s just about to start smoothing it onto his face when the sound of footsteps approaching the closed door stops him. There’s a gentle knock, before Cas’s head peaks in.
“Dammit,” he mumbles. “Okay, go.”
This time, Dean’s wearing a well-fitted leather jacket that’s so brown it’s almost red, over a plain white shirt that looks thick and warm against the dropping temperatures. It softens him, Castiel thinks.
Dean opens his mouth with a click, closes it. Nods his head. No use trying to pretend he doesn’t know how that happened.
“Cas, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry,” Dean breathes when Castiel stays silent. He says it like he means it. “But I’m not leaving you here.”
There’s something so fucking endearing about Castiel, all of the time, but especially when Dean gets to see him like this, whole and domestic and
Dean tracks Cas’s expression carefully. His eyebrows raise in something like wonder but not exactly surprise, and his lips part. Head tilting, Cas looks into Dean.
Dean sighs in sympathy. “Hang in there, champ. Let me know if I can help.”
Cas’s hips pick up the pace and so do his moans. They’re broken, high pitched huffs that almost sound like cries in time with the thumping of the bed against the wall.
” he praises, “Cas, yeah, j-just like that.”
when I’m a bird. So- oh man, I can’t believe I’m telling you this- there was this one time that the lady at the flower stall in the market, the one with the tulips out front-”
“How do you take your eggs?”
“Trust me,” Dean says as he palms messily at his face, “if I could stop it I would. Who wants to cry over a fucking cartoon hate crime? Between
“Do you ever wonder what Dad would think,” he clears his throat, “if he saw us right now.” It’s not really a question as much as it’s an explanation.
When Cas still doesn’t look convinced, Dean rolls his eyes.
Dean’s soul stretches into strands that vibrate.
Castiel shakes his head.
“‘Course. Just keep me updated on Operation Tingles.”
So he continues, touches across the bridge of her nose and her eyebrows, the dip underneath her eyes. It’s sort of… nice. Dean can feel his brain slowing down with his movements to a place that’s weirdly meditative. As meditative as he can get, anyway.
“Dean,” he affirms, softly.
Cas gives a semi-affirming huff, and Dean grins. He lets his hand roam up into Cas’s soft hair before trailing down the line of his spine to the waistband of his pants, and then back up again.
“I do, though. I have it,” she said, now even closer, running her hands up and down his triceps. Her perfume was cloying.
“Like what?” Carmen asked.
“I want to go to the woods,” Dean said. Yes, he’d always thought the woods were creepy, but now he was fearless. He wanted to be closer to the dirt. And the trees. He wanted more trees. He started walking toward the front of the house and Cas scampered after him.
“Amara!” Carmen yelled louder.
Although in the wake of the accident Dean had felt like he was done with cars, like they just didn’t matter, he wasn’t so sure now. He could still appreciate a well-made, finely-tuned machine. The Impala represented his dad, and because of that, Dean was torn between wanting to keep it or move beyond it.
“Oh, it makes a lot of sense to me,” Cas was quick to say. “I feel that way all the time.”
“Ok,” Dean agreed.
“Can you stand up?” Amara continued, getting Dean to a seated position.
“There you go,” Carmen encouraged.
“Yes,” Cas agreed.
“Wait, Carmen,” Dean called. “You don’t want to stay here?” He wasn’t sure where he would go if she threw him out, but he wanted to offer her whatever he could.
Without the offensive smell disturbing him, he drifted off again. Some time later he woke up and  felt like getting out of bed for the first time. Carmen had given him a pill that morning, and the pain in his head was down to a dull ache. He eased himself up and took stock of his body. He felt sort of floaty, but not too bad. As he rose and made his way out of the bedroom, it was like he was drifting through a portal into a new world.
“You think I’m stupid, don’t you?” Dean challenged. He was used to people underestimating him, the gear-head high school dropout. Part of him did feel stupid sometimes. He didn’t know about high culture or anything like that, but he’d read some books. He could build a car from the frame up, and he mostly taught himself how to do that. And he and Carmen figured out, all on their own, how to buy this house. He’d passed the fucking GED with flying colors without even studying. He knew he was no dummy.
“Mmm…” he replied, watching a peregrine falcon soar across the tv screen.
“I thought you were an asshole when I first came here,” Cas confessed in a whisper, “but I felt connected to you anyway.”
Once he was alone in the house, the first thing Dean wanted to do was call Sam. He no longer felt that stubborn pride that kept him from calling for so long. The judgement he’d felt from Sam was really him seeing his own insecurities reflected back on himself. Dean thought he was a shitty person, so he’d assumed Sam felt the same way, but Dean was the one who had stopped calling; it took a lot of unanswered voice mails for Sam to give up. Excitement welled up in Dean’s chest as he pressed “Bitch” on his phone.
The next morning, after Dean ate another breakfast of round stuff and Cas ate a bowl of Wheaties, Cas showed Dean two white capsules in his palm.
Dean cringed at that. Hurting anyone was the last thing he wanted to do. He hadn’t thought of much except the present moment since the accident, but his mind was all of a sudden awash in all of the pain he had experienced in his life--the fire and his mother’s death; all the times his dad had backhanded or kicked him, or worse, verbally berated him or ignored him; the rough use he’d endured by cruel men when he had been so desperate for money he’d do anything; the shame he’d felt when teachers and school principals had seen him only as a problem; the devastation he felt when Sam left him behind. He felt wetness on his face.
“I love you too, Dean,” was the last thing Dean heard before slipping into sleep.
“It’s right there in the folder,” Dean said, pointing.
Cas manhandled Dean onto his stomach and caressed his ass cheeks as if they were crystal balls. Dean relaxed into his touch and didn’t flinch when he heard Cas pop the cap on the tube of lube or when cool wet fingers pressed into his crack and rubbed against his hole. “You’ve done this before?” Cas asked, pressing one finger past the rim.
None of them mentioned that it would be a gift to Carmen or whoever she ended up selling the house to since, while Sam and Dean were busy at their meeting with Marv, Cas had found a nearby one bedroom apartment for them to rent. They were moving there in two days. Dean didn’t mind. The birdbath felt like his gift to the universe.
“I help take care of the plants,” he explained.
Dean wasn’t sure what to make of that, but he was glad Carmen and Amara were still friends and that Benny hadn’t left Amara. He doubted his friendship with Benny would survive.
The old Dean would have exploded at Sam for suggesting Dean was crazy and butting in, but it didn’t affect him at all now. He completely understood Sam’s concerns and just had to be patient with him until he accepted Cas. Before he could say anything, Cas said, “I understand it seems strange, Sam, but despite not knowing each other very long, Dean and I have a profound bond, and I assure you that I only have his best interests at heart.”
Cas strode into the room and picked Dean’s phone up off of the end table, pressing the screen to end the noise. He leaned over Dean’s prone form. Dean squinted up into Cas’s penetrating blue eyes. “You don’t have to go into work, you know,” Cas whispered, his face inches from Dean’s. It would just take a small lift of Dean’s head to kiss him.
Despite his age, Cas was clearly experienced at this. Dean closed his eyes and saw a wash of colors behind his eyelids: blues, greens, and purples blending together. It wasn’t long before he came in Cas’s mouth, feeling as if that light that he’d been feeling in his head was radiating out through the top of his skull.
Things were confusing after that. He was in a car, then he wasn’t. He was awake, but couldn’t walk. Two people--Lee? Ash?--had his arms draped over their shoulders. He was on his living room couch with Carmen’s and Amara’s concerned faces peering down at him.
Cas remained unflappable. “I wasn’t planning on it,” he said and then resumed his chewing.
“Carmen is here with Amara,” Cas whispered sharply, looking more flustered than Dean had ever seen him.
Dean gripped Cas’s hands, not sure how to respond to that. That was rape, wasn’t it? Or at least some kind of exploitation. He couldn’t tell Cas how to feel about his own experiences though. “Jeez, we’re a pair, aren’t we?” was all he could say.
Just then, Cas entered the room. He was wearing loose black pants, a yellow t-shirt with a picture of a black cat on it, and was barefoot. His hair was its usual mess. Without a word, he moved around Benny toward Dean and held out a hand to him.
“Oh, am I, little bro?” Carmen said with increasing venom. “Do you think that I haven’t noticed you making googly eyes at him? I think you have to move on, Castiel.”
“What do you mean sir?” the voice said.
As soon as he opened his eyes, Dean knew it was over. He looked around from where he lay, cozy and warm, cocooned in blankets. Everything was as it had been before in his backyard--the recently overturned dirt, the cinderblock wall, the dingy lawn furniture--but he saw previously unnoticed details--a crack in the wall that looked like Jack Skellington, the shimmering wings of a fly on the nearby lawn chair, the long, pale, green seed pods on the neighbor’s tree, visible over the wall. He was aware of how blue the sky and how green the grass were even though he knew the colors were nothing out of the ordinary. The drug had worn off, but all the heightened perception of the day before still lingered.
“Thanks,” Dean said, his voice muffled in the mattress.
When Cas and Carmen separated, Amara said to them all, “Maybe we can all hang out sometime.”
Benny broke the silence. “Well, I probably should get goin’.” He reached out and gave Carmen’s hand a final squeeze. “She’ll talk to you soon, I promise, cher. She just needs some time to cool off.” He stood, and as he moved toward the door, he made eye contact with Dean and tilted his head toward the door, indicating that he wanted Dean to follow, so he did.
They stared at one another a few moments longer before Cas left the kitchen.
Carmen finally asked, “Cas, what are you doing?”
“Hey guys, what’s up,” Dean greeted, still dipping the sponge in the soapy water and wringing it out.
When they’d settled down and lay on their backs, sleepy and sated, Cas said, “Dean, there’s something I’d like you to try tomorrow, something that helped me to come to terms with my trauma.”
“Alright, Dean,” the doctor said after it all, “it looks like you have a Grade 3 concussion. The good news is that you passed all the neurological checks. I’d have you stand up to check your balance, but seeing as you passed all the other checks and don’t seem to have any confusion or memory loss, I won’t make you get up right now. The fact that you remember your accident at all is a great sign, despite the vomiting. We’ll do a CT scan and get a neurological consult, though. The long period of unconsciousness concerns me, and we have to see what’s going on in your head.”
“Yes, it’s nice to meet you Sam,” Cas responded politely. He didn’t seem to know what to do with his body, scratching the back of his neck, then crossing his arms again, but he moved out of the way when he realized he was blocking them from entering. There was a palpable awkwardness as they all stood in the living room, but Dean didn’t care. His two favorite people were in a room together with him, and he couldn’t take his eyes off his little brother, all grown up.
“He just poured that patio last summer,” Carmen countered. To Dean, last summer seemed like eons ago, and Carmen seemed like she was light years away.
“Shit, honey, they’ll probably kick us out now,” Carmen said, her hand hovering around his head as if afraid to touch. “Does your head hurt real bad?”
“That’s not the issue,” she insisted. “I just need you guys to not talk about cars for like twenty minutes. Can you do that?”
“That seems like a lot,” she said, uninflected, and continued to wash the dishes. The only sounds in the house for a few long minutes were the clinking of porcelain against silverware.
“So you’re happy?” Cas asked Carmen, moving slightly toward her as if moving in for a hug, but then holding himself back.
“I’m not kidding,” Amara insisted. “She’s really upset.”
Sam’s mouth did some more anxious contortions. “I’m just trying to wrap my head around him being Carmen’s twenty-year-old brother and being with you now. You gotta admit it’s strange, Dean.” Sam had never known Carmen well, so Dean didn’t think he could be that upset about them splitting up.
“Sorry!” Carmen cried. “I’m just not used to driving it. You know how it is when you’re used to your own car.”
“Don’t worry about it, jerk,” Sam scoffed. “I mean, legal aid lawyers don’t make a ton, but I’m doing alright.”
Dean knew how you were supposed to feel when being fired, but he didn’t feel that way. He felt fine about it. “Ok,” he said.
“Uhh,” he said, his voice hoarse. The doctor waited while Hannah fed a straw into his mouth. The water tasted like no water Dean had ever had before. Cool and sweet like it had come from a remote mountain spring, which seemed unlikely. Once he’d had his fill, he said, “Dean Winchester,” wincing in the too-bright room. Carmen still didn’t speak, but let out a relieved breath.
She continued, looking down periodically at some papers on her desk. “You must complete a treatment program for alcohol and drug abuse at your expense. Your driving privileges will be suspended for one year. After that year, you will be restricted to driving only a motor vehicle equipped with an ignition interlock device for one year. Proof of such device’s installation and use shall be provided to the Division of Motor Vehicles before driving privileges are fully reinstated. Your vehicle will be impounded for one year. Do you have any questions?”
They could turn some of the paperwork in at the courthouse, but other things, like registering for a drug and alcohol treatment program, Dean had to do over the phone. “Y’know, I haven’t even had a beer in almost two months, Sammy.”
When Dean looked up at him, Cas said, “Can I bring you something to eat? Here’s some water.” He held out a glass.
“Sir, you have been classified as slow payers,” the voice said, again with no inflection.
“At the car,” Garth said. “We have to be able to see the car.” Dean had never thought of Baby as an “it.”
That didn’t sound promising. “Whatever,” Dean grumbled. “But if he eats all our food or messes up the house, he’s out, right?”
“Okay, okay,” Carmen said in exasperation as she shoved Lee away from her husband and toward Meg and the others. Dean knew that Carmen knew he and Lee had messed around before when they were all high as kites a couple of years ago, but she never said a thing about it. It was just one of many things they ignored about each other and never discussed. That’s how they’d stayed married for six years.
“Yeah,” Dean’s eyebrows raise appraisingly. “Feels good, Cas. Real good. Like ‘just did your laundry and all of your clothes are clean’ good.” He nods his thanks in Cas’s direction.
“I wouldn’t want-” he dry-sobs a trembling noise, his hand clenches in Dean’s hair- “to w-wake you.” A moan tears out of Castiel, too loud in the pretend-quiet he’s created. “Oh, Dean.
“Three days!” Dean interrupts. “What the hell, man?”
Something nervous passes through Eileen’s eyes. “Is everything okay?”
“Hello,” Cas repeats. The angel leans in over him and presses his lips to Dean’s forehead like a mother kisses her baby, then to either upside down cheek the way that the French greet each other, and then, finally, to Dean’s lips the way that a person kisses their lover.
And Dean is furious, stupidly, heartbreakingly gutted when he takes a moment to look back. He doesn’t know what to do with it all, with that little part of him that started crying when his mom died and never stopped, even when Mary had returned to them. But what a sorry thing to catch up with now, at the ripe age of 42 and the killing of God under his belt. Does it ever stop? Apparently, now it has, and yet the trunk of emotional baggage he carries with him shakes and screams like something is trapped inside, and Dean is too afraid to open it.
“I wish I remembered it. Feels like I got robbed, couldn’t even tell you anything about the first time we met.”
Right now Dean is Castiel’s friend and that is worth more than anything.
He’s looking at Dean again with understanding, and it’s so fucking fond that Dean can barely stand it. He wonders where Cas hid it all these years, the weight of all of that love that’s so close to the surface now that Dean could reach out and touch it.
When Castiel looks at him, he doesn’t acknowledge Dean’s cracking voice or watering eyes. His face is patient, it is kind. “I appreciate your hospitality. I’m sure I’ll be much more comfortable here. But please, don’t stay awake on my behalf. You look like you could use some sleep. In fact,” Cas snaps his fingers, and the lamp turns itself off, leaving them in the dark. Show off. “Good night, Dean.”
“Mmm,” Dean hums, and Castiel can feel his blooming grin against his lips. Dean pulls away an inch, then he moves back in again for a peck. “
“That’s all they are,” Dean parrots back because he doesn’t know what’s left of him besides his last line of defensiveness, even though he doesn’t even really fucking mean it. He never does with Cas, yet somehow, that never seems to stop him. He scowls up at the sky.
“Nah, nah, nah,” Dean looks thoroughly debauched, hair mussed and face red, but his eyes are brighter than Castiel has ever seen them, “this is all you, pal. We both know it. Don’t put this on me, you freak.”
“And how would you know, Not Lesbian?”
Dean watches as if he’s hanging onto every word that Castiel is saying. His lips are parted unconsciously, just the slightest bit where they are so plush and pink and-
Sam glances at him with a raised eyebrow at the change of subject. “I think so. I haven’t talked to her, but I’m pretty sure I saw her hair somewhere near the fire. Somewhere on that side maybe?” Sam gestures. “What does she have to do with anything?”
“That you’re
Dean cracks his eyes open, turns his head on his shoulder, and feels the rust fall off with the movement. Sam stands in the library doorway, frowning.
“I’ll-” Dean chokes. Cas is so much, where he never talks just to hear his own voice, but speaks because he has something to say. And he means it. He always means it in that deep voice that rattles out. The sincerity of his words drips from Cas’s lips and down Dean’s neck, onto his chest. “I’d let you fuck me.”
“Alright, I hear ya.” Dean raises his hands placatingly. “Why didn’t you just come back to the Bunker instead of playing DreamWeaver?”
Still, unmistakably, a swan.
Thirty minutes have passed like this, if Castiel had to guess, when Dean suddenly pitches his voice towards the backseat. “Castiel, you hungry?”
“I’m… not sure,” Cas says like he’s actually trying to figure it out. When Dean finally glances over at him, his head is tilted and he’s squinting at Dean’s face. “I enjoy the way you seem comfortable in this space. The blade looks good in your hand. It’s nice to see you use your skills of precision for something to take care of yourself with. I like the way that you focus, and the way the skin of your neck stretches when you tilt your head.”
And when Dean pulls that grace a little further into his mouth with a hollowing of his cheeks, thunder swells into a sharp clap in the world outside of the Bunker.
A pause. “It’s the farmer,” Cas hums back lowly.
In Castiel’s mind, he can still see the way that Dean had held that little girl on his hip. Ella, the same one from that first night that had begun a shift in Castiel that has yet to stop its erosion on landscape.
It makes Castiel drowsy, his stomach full and the events of the day catching up to him. He moves a few inches to his right so that he can lean against the window behind Sam’s chair. From this angle, he can see the way that Dean’s mouth moves around the lyrics.
Castiel lets out a breath through his nose. “I think… there was a part of me that never forgot you in the first place. I was very drawn to you. Perhaps even more so in some ways, because I was unaware that there was a reason not to be. Even when I didn’t know you, I found you extremely attractive.”
When Cas looks at him, his eyebrows pinch together. “You look tired.”
Cas is looking at Dean like he’s grown a second head, and Dean moans in frustration.
“Dean…” Cas hedges, looks through Dean again, all unsure. “Alright. I won’t leave. I’m not going to leave.” It must be Cas’s turn to do the soothing because even though his face is full of overwhelmed surprise, his voice is full of reassurance. His hand remains tucked up into Dean’s hair.
When Cas presses his lips to Dean’s palm, they’re open and wet, trailing spit behind them as Cas moves to Dean’s thumb. “I’ve always wanted to…” and then his lips part and there’s soft heat enveloping the digit down to the first knuckle.
Dean runs into Eileen in the hallway.
Instead, Dean brings his arms up underneath Cas’s to hug him just below protruding shoulder blades, and asks, “You too, right? You’re there? And you lo-... love me?”
The compliment warms up under Dean’s skin. For as grandiose as most of Cas’s compliments are, Dean can’t remember him ever commenting on his appearance. And maybe that’s why he’s blushing like he just told Dean a secret.
She scoffs audibly. “When don’t you Winchester boys and your fallen angel have a problem? What is it, dearie?”
But, eventually, he must come down, come back to his body, and the realization that he just cried all over Cas’s shirt like a kid who didn’t get the birthday present he wanted. He stiffens up and carefully tries to extract himself, except the hand on the back of his neck keeps him firmly in place.
Now the damsel in distress he’s rescuing is the angel that pulled him out of Hell. Go figure. He doesn’t really wanna linger on the fact that he’d choose Cas to save any day. Even if it was just from the self-checkout machine at the grocery store.
Castiel is so close. He’s staring down the barrel of a gun and Dean’s hand is on the trigger. He can taste it, where his hips buck up into Dean’s tight fist because he couldn’t stop them even if he wanted to.
Dean has tensed alongside him, growing more still with each sentence. The silence between them feels like four feet of snow weighing them to the bed, filling up Castiel’s ears. Finally, Dean exhales slowly.
So Charlie chatters on about the amazing catch that Sam made while they were practicing for the big frisbee semifinal game next weekend while Cas putters around inside the stall, occasionally asking Charlie questions about how the sport of frisbee actually operates so that he can ‘enjoy it more thoroughly the next time I see a game’.
Castiel makes an annoyed sound. “As someone who has watched the evolution of man, I can tell you with certainty that people are stupid. Dean, however, is smart, and this was Dean’s idea. If people are not seeking this sensation, they’re idiots.”
Castiel swallows and closes his eyes.
And so the unraveling universe has finally found the end of its thread.
Looking down at his lap and then back up to Castiel’s face, Dean says, “You want me to…”
Dean thinks almost manically.
But a few days later, Dean wakes up and his skin feels too tight on his body. It’s gonna be a bad day, he can tell. He still gets them, knows that all of his family still gets them even with the majority of the proof of their tragic past erased from the pathways of his brain. The physical symptoms may be gone, but the memories are still there.
Castiel shuffles on his knees further down the bed. He grips onto Dean’s shin and uses his leverage to push Dean’s legs apart far enough that Castiel has space to crawl between them. They move so easily under Castiel’s coaxing, without any muscles to tense and impede his progress. After some rearranging, Castiel curls himself up with Dean’s knees on either side of him.
The words are smoky and hazy and they surround him.
“This may look familiar to you, Dean,” Castiel smiles. Until his brain catches up with his mouth. His breath seizes in his throat when he realizes what he’s done, hand stilling over the honey sticks. He looks up slowly until he meets Dean’s eyes. “Umm.”
“I haven’t even gotten to show you my signature move, yet.”
“There,” Castiel murmurs reassuringly. “It’s done. I’m right here, Dean.” He removes his fingers from Dean’s forehead and passes his hand through Dean’s hair.
Dean makes a noncommittal noise as he walks around Castiel and to the fridge where he retrieves a carton of eggs.
“I’m sorry-
“Will you come to my room when you’re done?”
Dean’s breath stops, stutters, restarts like a skipping car engine. He stares. Castiel is undeterred.
He condenses his grace and prompts it forward into his fingertips. It tingles a little bit. With a thought, he pushes it into Dean’s skin. “There you are.”
Dean isn’t entirely sure how he got roped into this. Really. It was one thing that led to another that led to Sam practically begging Dean not to make Sam do this on his own, and of course, Dean cracked. Because he always cracks for Sammy.
Castiel works Dean’s erection where it is hardening fully under the careful grip. Usually, Dean would be twitching his hips up to get more of the sensation, or tugging at Castiel’s earlobe with his teeth as he goads him into stroking faster. But in the quiet of Dean’s sleepy bedroom, the man is melted wax under Castiel’s fingers. Still and silent and smooth where there isn’t a single muscle tensed. He cannot fight back, Castiel has made sure of this. He cannot escape the sensation at all. There is nothing to fight. There is nothing to escape.
“Sam, please,” Cas replies disapprovingly.
“Nothing at all,” Cas replies, “Sam asked me to retrieve you for hot chocolate.”
With that, he turns on his heel, leaving Castiel speechless as he watches Dean walk away, taking a large chunk of the shopping crowd with him.
“Remember, even though you won’t be able to talk, I can still interpret your emotions. If there’s any point in which you’re uncomfortable or want me to stop, I’ll be able to tell.”
in comparison to every muddy, open-mawed emotion that has no name.
Her words hang warm in the kitchen air, well past the end of the conversation. They eat together with the idea of butterflies becoming a cocoon in its own right. The burgers are good. The cocktails are better, and Eileen keeps them coming until Dean feels fluid and loose.
There’s a shifting of the air as Cas moves through it towards Dean. He’s acutely aware of how close Cas is, the scraping noise of the second stool being pulled out so that Cas can sit down beside him.
Dean’s eyes bug a little out of his face. “Dude, you can do that?”
Dean feels his face soften, his teasing smirk falling away. “‘Course I do, Cas.”
He presses his lips to the very corner of Cas’s mouth. The kiss is dry and hesitant. Cas is stock-still underneath him, but he’s got a hand clinging onto the bend of Dean’s elbow. Dean pulls back and kisses his cheek, pulls back and kisses the skin just below his eye, a quiet noise with each one, and then moves to the other side to repeat the process. Every time his lips meet Cas’s skin, the angel’s breath catches.
“Hello,” Jack greets with a raised hand.
“Obviously that worked out well,” he sneers. “Fucking four years old and raising a baby ‘cause my dad was too drunk to stand up straight. And trying-” Dean’s voice catches over the words again with emotion that he’s gotten too far ahead of himself to regulate- “trying so damn hard for Sam, so that he could be okay. Keeping those fuckers in town away from him. Making sure he ate his stupid vegetables even when he didn’t want to. I-”
When he finally sees Castiel, he smiles something that is so shy that Castiel’s chest tightens in sweet affection. Dean comes to a halt in front of the open window.
“You must miss her very much,” Cas rumbles from Dean’s right.
These days, things feel a lot lighter. When Dean putters through the Bunker, music plays randomly, from a bedroom or the kitchen or a bathroom late at night; sometimes with a voice accompanying it, other times just soothing white noise. The stagnant underground air is celebratory in hindsight, like even though the world was saved over a month ago, the implications of how big that triumph was are just setting in.
“Dean?”
He kisses Dean’s cheek again and whispers, “Would you like to stop?”
Beneath him, the coyness has dropped right off of Dean’s soul, replaced by bashful arousal that looks like strawberry milk.
“You two are certainly troublemakers,” Cas agrees.
“We had some pretty good ones today,” Dean says from right beside him on the bed. “Got a couple good stories for ya.”
“Long night,” Cas confirms, before glancing at him from under his eyelashes. “Better now that I’m home.”
“What did she do?”
Um. Dean goes rigid. This feels… too accurate. Like, something right from his 26-year-old mouth.
Castiel pets his fingers through the hair at the back of Dean’s head, using the leverage of their placement to hold Dean steady as he licks further into Dean’s mouth. His other hand curls around one of Dean’s protruding shoulder blades. It makes him imagine Dean’s wings hidden somewhere in there, somehow, and he wonders if it is selfish of him to want to touch them.
It is almost uncomfortably easy to imagine Dean stooped over Charlie’s bedside caring for her. Maybe Dean rubs her back when she coughs too hard. Maybe he holes up beside her under the covers to keep her warm when her fever makes her shiver.
Castiel carefully places the honey butter and his spoon down on the metal cart in the middle of the room. He turns to face the brothers.
“Right. Um, okay. So how does that happen?” His voice is nasally from his sniffly nose.
“Who said anything about me making dinner?” Dean interjects, annoyed.
“Okay, Dean, I promise I’ll say hi as long as you say hi back.” She hesitates for a moment before she leans down and kisses Dean on the cheek fleetingly. “Thanks for the lesson. You’re a great teacher, you know?” She gives him one last smile and then she’s gone. Dean stares at the empty air she left.
“Yep! Rescue the princess and return her to her mama!”
But Castiel can’t find it in himself to hide his own smile at their interaction, and says, “You’re always welcome to stop by, for honey or for bee trivia from a supposed cup of chamomile tea.”
Seeing him relaxed, the way that he deserves, is a precious thing. So rare that it turns the air fragile, and something about it… Castiel blinks.
“I don’t even want to know,” Sam says and signs. Dean just pats him on the back
He cries one night when Cas holds his hand because it feels so good. He cries when Eileen takes a bite of his homemade cinnamon rolls and wiggles happily in her seat because he has someone who cares enough to try them. He cries when Sam buys a calendar because they actually have a long enough life to look forward to that they need one. He cries when the lady at the bakery in town calls him “Honey” like she means it, like she’s looking out for him (and that one had been awkward as hell).
God, it makes him want to just- just escape. Flee. The way he rides Baby through the night that is as dark as her until together they are nothing on this path that no one walks.
“Atta boy,” Charlie pats his hand one final time before letting go and retreating back to Dean’s side.
“Cas,” Dean whispers.
Dean sighs, that moping sort of annoyance. “Sure, sounds easy enough.”
“What time is it, man?”
The waves of it roll through him lazily, like if he leaned back into them and stilled his body in just the right way, he would be able to feel the ghostly sensation of Dean actually holding him. For that minuscule moment, hanging lofted above time, Dean is there too. But waves turn into ripples that eventually leave Castiel with only the sound of his breathing and his hand unpleasantly sticky where it is still curled around himself in his pants.
Dean shrugs to himself, the corners of his lips pulling down as he types
“Did you like that, Dean?” comes Cas’s deep voice, almost mockingly, and it makes Dean seize all over again. When he finally opens his eyes, he meets Cas’s eerily still stare boring into him, pupils eating away at his blue irises. It reminds Dean of a bird of prey locking onto some unsuspecting mouse.
Maybe Castiel never wants to be anywhere else but right here. Right here where Dean loves him. Except, he will go home tonight, go to bed, and Dean will love him. He will wake up in the morning before the rooster does, and Dean will love him. He will go to work and he will visit Gabriel and he will help Madeline at the candle stall with some boxes she needs lifted to her top shelves, and Dean will love him.
Just like that, the three of them walked off in the direction of the center square holding hands, with Ella’s short figure becoming a valley between Charlie and Dean’s towering silhouettes. Their voices trailed behind them as they meandered away, the chiming sound of Charlie explaining the way that dresses get their color to Ella dimming until it was nothing. Until Castiel was left alone behind his stall on the dark and silent street.
“No. No, Cas, don’t leave. Please don’t leave.” Dean doesn’t care that he’s begging. For once in his life, he doesn’t give a fuck about what he sounds like or what he looks like. Because Cas can’t leave, just leave Dean like this in this stupid fucking bar full of drunks and football and cigarette smoke and a bartender with a laugh that makes him wanna stuff his fingers in his ears.
But the man just waves Dean off even as he turns to start walking away. “Take as long as you need, son. Hell, grab a few apples if you want. Just don’t piss on any of my trees.” And with that, the farmer disappears into the night.
Affection threatens to crack Dean in two.
“You and me both,” Dean mumbles.
off of
“Then why the hell would you go?” Dean grins up at him, and he feels maybe too proud of himself when Cas gives him a tentative smile back. “You’re the one who has to sit there for hours, not anyone else. You’d be: One, wasting your own time, and two, miserable. And for what? To hang out with a bunch’a drunk people who can’t hold their liquor? If anything, I think you got the right idea, man.” He leans in to say quietly, “Trust me, if I thought I could get out of those things, I’d probably only go to half of them anyway.”
Maybe Dean will just keep apologizing until he dies, and then past that into Heaven.
Castiel takes another bite. “Humanity has done many things that I don’t understand, but eating hamburgers is not one of them.” He licks his bottom lips where some stray mustard has landed. Out of the corner of his eye, he notices Dean watching him through the rearview mirror.
wasn’t erectile dysfunction.
Cas’s grace darts from Dean’s hands and across the room into Jimmy’s chest, dousing the room in darkness again. For a second, Dean blinks and blinks but can’t see anything in the rapid change, just the circular ghost of where Cas is burned into his pupils in black and blue, blotting out anything Dean might be able to see in the unlit bedroom. Still, he squints in the direction of his desk chair and tries to make out Cas’s face.
“Yes-” Cas’s gruff voice, “Sam was also telling us about how you give him The Butterflies.”
The only space in Cas’s house that’s big enough to accommodate Dean’s wings is the living room that leads into the kitchen. Even then, Dean doesn’t extend them outwards, pulling them up and around his body so that they’re within reach where he sits shirtless and cross-legged on the wooden floor.
Castiel sighs. He knew this interaction was inevitable, but he didn’t think it’d be this soon. Perhaps Dean is becoming more emotionally mature. It would be wonderful if it weren’t at Castiel’s expense this time. “Come in, Dean.”
“I have no one to be gentle with,” he confesses.
“If you come around to the door, I’ll let you in.”
It’s a guy who says it, about three people deep into the crowd. Dean knows exactly who it is because he’s looking at Dean directly with genuine curiosity on his face. From Dean’s side, Charlie inhales sharply in surprise.
Maybe-… But Dean wants. And maybe it could be okay. Cas is so much better than all of this, though, so much better than the flimsy rumors of this town. He’s carved in stone against every brittle, breaking insincerity. Until Dean knows that Cas wouldn’t buckle under the weight of it, but he isn’t so sure that Cas would even want to be placed under that weight in the first place.
“Tell me again why Eileen puts up with you even though she’s a thousand times cooler than you are?”
“May I kiss you, Dean?”
“Did you just reference Alice in Wonderland?”
“Do not apologize.” Cas’s thumb sweeps up to Dean’s hairline. “Do not apologize to me.”
“I’m an idiot!” he practically yells into the rushing air. “Why didn’t you say something sooner?” This is directed at Baby.
“Mornin’, Cas,” he replies, maybe softer than he intended to. Not like there’s anyone here to call him on it anyway. “Just getting ready to shave.” He raises his messy hands as if in proof.
Taylor Swift is playing from somewhere down the hall, wherever Sam and Eileen are, and his eye twitches.
“Home sweet home,” Dean announces loudly as he stretches, jolting Castiel awake in the backseat.
So Dean gives her a smacking kiss on the cheek while he waves goodbye to the gremlins, all of whom promise to come see him at the next frisbee match, and then he’s making his way through the kitchen and out the side door leading to the barn.
Castiel is genuinely dumbfounded as he stares down at the coin. Because, no, that isn’t right at all. He almost calls out Dean’s name, but stops himself at the last second, thinking about how odd it would be to have a stranger addressing you as if they know you. Instead, Castiel says, “Wait!”
While one hand works over his nipples, Dean’s other comes up to draw circles around Castiel’s Adam’s apple. It is the wisp of a touch where Castiel is vulnerable, where just two months ago someone could have sliced the skin and taken his grace out. For a sensation that is next to nothing, it is one of the most erotic things Castiel has experienced in his life. He finds himself tipping his head further back, baring his neck like some submissive beast.
As if sensing Castiel’s apprehension, Dean’s face softens. It is not okay, how it makes Castiel feel.
“There’s something I want to give you.” Castiel’s hands spread broadly with extended fingers where he pushes them up over Dean’s thighs against the grain of the dusty hair there. “To make you feel good, Dean. There isn’t anyone who deserves it more than you do.”
Dean watches him with narrowed eyes and a frowning mouth. Still, still, there are burning embers shining out from his hardened expression.
“Feeding you.”
It does, in fact, take a few days. Well, two and a half. After hitting the books in the early waking hours and deep into the night, Sam and he come to the conclusion that Cas can’t get back into his vessel because there’s no one inside to give him permission to hop back on anymore, now that Jimmy’s doing the dead man’s rumba up in Heaven. Meaning, they’re gonna have to brute-force Cas back in.
“And you’re sure about that?” A male voice responded, getting closer. “I mean, you’ve got game with the maidens, no one’s denying that, but how do you know Gilda is even into chicks?”
“I was aware that something was off, but it was very hard to pin down. Imagine trying to explain what human love feels like to someone who has never felt it. It would be like trying to describe the color red to the blind. All of this, in the midst of trying to figure out where my loyalties lie. It was very… confusing.” Even in the dark, Dean can see the way Castiel’s face pulls down into a frown. “But the longer I watched you, watched humanity, things started to make sense. I think my first mistake was underestimating what romantic interest felt like.”
And Dean can feel the way Cas is trembling acutely from the closeness of their position. The hands on his hips are grasping harder now, each of Cas’s thrusts just a little bit more impactful. His breath is coming out in frantic, bitten back whines against Dean’s lips.
“Uhh,” he rubs his palms on his thighs, “I’m not really sure what I’m doing.”
Dean’s arms tighten around him with a surprised inhale.
Dean smirks at the hand he has around his beer. Who said bars didn’t have culture?
Castiel edges exploring fingers over the waistband of Dean’s boxers and on Dean’s next exhale he dips his whole hand inside. The hot skin of the head meets his knuckles first, damp and sinewy.
And Dean’s cock is right there, right in front of Castiel’s face. It’s hard but it’s not desperate where it strains upward. Castiel has seen the way it can grow red, almost purple, when Dean needs so badly he can barely form words after Castiel has touched him everywhere but the exact place Dean wants. Now, it is almost… pretty. Pink and full and wet at the head.
“I know that it doesn’t fix everything… or maybe anything, but I’m here now. And I don’t plan on leaving.”
“Dean,” he says back as he approaches the window from the inside. “How can I help you?”
“Some are better at it than others, though. There are those out there in this- big, terrifying world, that kindness comes naturally to. Right in their hearts, as if by design.”
Dean lowers his body until his chest is just inches over Castiel’s. He leans down to catch lips again and Castiel’s body relaxes into the soft grass. This is better, he thinks, because I don’t have to focus on anything as mundane as sitting upright. And Dean’s body is so warm and he smells like the clean air of a barbershop. Castiel wants to feel him everywhere.
And it’s just Cas, and the nerves start to ebb away. Nothing Dean hasn’t done before with Eileen.
“I would love that, Dean,” and Dean’s breath catches, just for a second, on the L-word. Oh, right.
“Anything for you, sunshine,” and he’s a little stunned with how those words just slipped out of him, a casual pet name when the only one he ever usually uses is
So when one day Dean sits in on a video of A.L.B. playing with her wife’s hair, Dean is struck with inspiration so intense he’s surprised he doesn’t shoot right out of his chair to start drawing up a game plan.
Mystery Man continues to stare down at the glass in his hands, like if he even glances in Dean’s direction he thinks Dean’s going to hit him. Which is a little laughable, considering the dude’s definitely got a few years on Dean and he’s not exactly scrawny. Not to mention there’s something arresting about the angle of his nose in profile. Severe, that’s what Vonnegut would describe him as, even hunched in on himself.
“It wouldn’t be a waste,” he replies seriously. When she turns to look at him, he continues, “I got to talk about drawing and I got some sage life advice out of it. Teenage girls might be nosey, but they ain’t stupid.”
God, who was gonna tell him that having a family apparently came with family discussions? Ones that involved psychoanalyzing him?
“Nah, I think I understand plenty.”
Castiel pats his hand against Dean’s chest once. “What an incredibly resilient muscle the human heart is,” he finds himself saying.
“Okay, now you sit against the headboard-” Cas follows Dean’s directions so that his back is pressed against the wood, the pillow that had been under Dean’s head now tucked into the nook of Cas’s lower spine, his lap forming a lovely soon-to-be seat. Dean straddles Cas’s thighs. Like this, their hard dicks touch, making both of them suck in a breath.
Again, Dean finds his hands tangled in Cas’s hair. The sensation of something inside of him is new, but not painful. Whatever Cas did to him worked because he feels so slick and open that it’s kind of a turn on in and of itself. He moans Cas’s name, tugging at the strands locked between his knuckles when Cas’s fingers curl inside of him and press against something that makes Dean see stars.
And Dean’s affection is convex. His fingers drift upwards to catch on the hinge of Cas’s jaw.
Sam’s name meant
Castiel watches as Linden ruffles its wings one over the other before settling again. Those wings so much like Dean’s. He wonders, imagines, Dean laying here on the outcropping next to him. Sunny and safe, wings spread around him as if to dry. Dean would blink up sleepily at Castiel with that syrup grin he has and Castiel would pet through his hair.
“Now, the last thing I add is a secret, S-E-C-R-E-T, ingredient that solidifies these bad boys in the Hall of Fame. I’m allowed to change the recipe because I’m Dean Winchester. Now listen closely, because this is absolutely top secret information. I add in one teaspoon,”
“Don’t you dare,” Dean snarls. “Don’t you dare talk about her like that.”
“Real swans do that?”
Because they got old. They both did. They both got old enough to be wise and to mess up and to fall in love permanently. The thought blooms inside of Dean’s chest like a miracle.
The hand in Dean’s hair drops to the back of his neck and it’s pulling. Dean goes with it easily, his ass sliding closer to the left edge of the round stool. Until he’s leaning forward as Cas’s grip guides him into the space between Cas’s neck and shoulder. His arms fall to curl around Cas’s waist on instinct.
“I suppose it’s my job to have strong opinions on the matter.”
“Yeah,” Dean can’t even keep the grin out of his words, “that was Eileen’s reaction, too. Consistently her favorite part.”
Cas’s strong hands press against Dean’s pecs as if to brace himself before Dean feels a pair of warm lips brushing the side of his neck below his ear. A kiss is placed there. “Do you remember when we were in my stall, and you told me you had had a dream about me?” Castiel asks.
Cas’s warm hands tighten on his hips, and suddenly Dean is stretched and slick. He can’t contain the gasp that comes out of him. Cas, the bastard, doesn’t even seem concerned, just looks down at Dean greedily like he wants to eat him alive.
“I wouldn’t have offered if I didn’t mean it,” Dean tells her before she can even speak.
They look at each other for a beat before breaking into slightly manic giggles, like the events of what just occurred are finally catching up with them. Castiel thinks it might be New Year’s before his brain is up and wired correctly again.
what Dad would say? That he wouldn’t see Eileen as a weakness before he saw her as a person?”
“I bet I do, too. Love you.” It feels like a confession.
There’s a clicking that sounds from deep in Dean’s throat like he’s trying to swallow, trying to contract the muscles where he can’t and it reminds Castiel of the chirping of a house cat.
So many things that he always pushed down and to the side because he knew he couldn’t have them. The reasons, the guilt, that had kept them in check had suddenly vanished, leaving a blank slate that surged under Dean Winchester’s green eyes.
“Cas, what...” When Dean looks between fleece eyes that drill into him with the most frightened affection Dean has ever seen, he finds the words he planned to say dying in his throat. “It was you, just now. When I got all jumpy about those guys yelling. You did something that zenned me out.”
And Dean drinks Cas in. Here in the electric light of his stall that exists as though impossibly against the darkness of the early morning outside. It’s a cocoon made from cedar and Cas’s apparent inability to stop himself from working all the time, until Cas’s presence has seeped into all of the honey, into the walls, until the entire space becomes him. Inside of Castiel’s soft little den, Dean maybe understands more of the nuances of existence than he thought he did. Here, where Dean is just a person and Cas is just a person, too. How fortunate.
“Yeah, alright. I’ll make sure not to swat at any of ‘em.”
Dean is naked where he lays supine, his arms relaxed to either side of him, his head propped up on his pillow. Between his legs, he’s still soft. Castiel thinks he is the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen, like something that would be carved in marble at The Louvre. All achingly long lines and soft angles. He looks decadent.
God, how can Cas manage to be so smart and so oblivious at the same time? A perfect balance of over’s and under’s, opposing theories that make up Cas’s existence, and that Dean finds unfairly charming.
“Hello,” Castiel says before he looks up. He huffs because the bow on the twine is uneven, but he sets his current jar down regardless to help the customer.
“Yes,” Castiel grits out and rolls his eyes at the back of Dean’s head.
“Will you tell me how your day actually went?” Castiel asks.
Still, no words seem to come to Dean’s mind, and he stands there with his mouth hung open like an idiot.
It’s only a little bit awkward now, mostly due to the audience that has accumulated. He doesn’t understand how Dean seems to ignore it so easily when it sets Castiel’s teeth on edge.
Castiel bites at the inside of his bottom lip, a nervous sort of habit that he picked up when he was human and that he hasn’t figured out how to get rid of. Because it feels… wrong. There is something wrong with him. Grimy. Perverted. To gaze upon Dean like that when the man has no way of knowing or defending himself. To find the idea of him being so lax and vulnerable arousing. The morning erection Castiel can still feel leaves him queasy.
“Cas,” he says because he doesn’t know what else to say. This body wasn’t made to be touched gently. Pain is something this bag of bones understands well, and Dean gave up on the pipe dream of touches meant to soothe a long time ago. “I didn’t exactly make it easy.”
Dean huffs a humorless laugh, pouts his lips out and rolls his head back and forth in a shake. “Yeah, but- that’s not you! You’re a capital A-angel stuffed into some dude’s body and- you’re not even a dude. Not really.” He swallows. The stars twinkle above him. The hand Dean still has resting on his own stomach tightens slowly around the fabric of his t-shirt. “Like the moon or something.”
“Is it not enough to enjoy something, I wonder? Even if others don’t understand. To be honest with you Linden, I don’t care for all the arbitrary rules that people have. Why can’t I like the work that I do? Why can’t I talk to you out of pleasure? Why is every movement a person makes an ultimatum against something they don’t want? When am I allowed to want something just because I want it?”
“You know,” Dean mumbles, “swans do this with their necks sometimes.”
Cas keeps on staring as nibbles nervously on the inside of his bottom lip. He raises a hand as if to touch his lips, but when he realizes Dean is still watching him it drops rapidly. Like he’s afraid of getting caught. That makes Dean want to smile, too. Cas clears his throat.
