Stefen paused for a moment, thinking before he slowly shook his head, staring at Tony with something close to wonderment.
They didn't speak any more about what had happened while he was gone, and Péter seemed to prefer that.
Artur pressed his lips tightly shut as he accepted the wooden box from Tony, almost too small for it as he immediately had to set it down. The effort at quietness was ruined by how eagerly he bounced on his toes breathing heavily with barely contained excitement and by the excited exclamations of the other children as they gathered around it. In the habitat Mon Ami croaked and Maria giggled. Artur jumped up and down in place and said in the loudest whisper Tony had ever heard, “Mon Ami is the best frog ever! And now he has a house so he won’t get lost.”
Steve swallowed thickly. The ever present urge to find one of his children and... He wasn't sure what he wanted to do, actually. Hold them? Stand by them? Margret had always been so much better with them, had a gentle way of showing Steve how to hold their little bodies or what story was best before bed. The feeling of failure where they were concerned had become a familiar ache.
Obviously Stefen had claimed the master room and if the trunks in the bedroom of the adjoining suite were anything to go by Bakhuizen had claimed that one. Which meant that Tony should take the bed in the guest room and they should divide the children equally amongst the adults (give or take an odd number, because there would be no splitting anyone in half James, thank you very much).
"Frauline Werner is an esteemed member of society and a patriot!" Hammer seethed indignantly, as Tony had busied himself procuring a cup of coffee (Willamina always left a fresh pot on the table for the staff).
“Very good. Now run inside and wash up. None of you’d better dare bring dirty hands or faces to Frau Hogan’s table. She might skin you.”
“Yes. We all must do as Tony says, but James was very silly today.” Natacha answered sparing the little girl a reassuring touch before she turned back to her task. “Now he knows better.”
"Move along now!" The impatient asshole who had bumped Tony grouched, and out of the corner of his eye Tony saw the young man in front of the woman turn, kodak gripped tightly between dirty hands like he thought someone might rip it from his hands.
He found Bucky and Natacha in the captain’s room asleep on the chase lounge. They’d pulled it up closer to the bed and had fallen asleep, Natacha’s head resting against Bakhuizen’s chest, and her small frame looking doll like tucked under his arm.
Tony. A sob built and broke in Steve’s chest, his eyes darting about every which way in search, but finding only the blank faces of his captors.
Tony sighed, half tempted to wait it out and force Ian to use his words. When he glanced down once more and was met with round pleading blue eyes that would have put an entire crate of puppies to shame he relented.
Steve didn’t expect Tony to shy away from his hand, but still a breath of relief left him as he slid his hand onto Tony's shoulder and the monk allowed it. Even though Steve was towering over him, practically bracketing Tony between himself and the piano with his thighs, he felt wildly like he was the one being pulled in as he leaned toward Tony. He slid a hand up, brushing over the smooth column of Tony's neck until he was cupping Tony's jaw. He was meant to be saying something, wasn’t he?
Willamina set two steaming mugs of cider down before Péter and Sara who eagerly began to gulp at them as fast as the heat of the drink would allow. Tony thanked her when she handed him his because he wasn’t raised by wolves, or rather an army captain and a reprobate monk as the case might just be.
Natacha, who had gotten closer commented with a note of gravity in her tone entirely misplaced for the subject matter, “They want us to sing for the troops, in honor of the Sudetenland Germans coming home.”
After a moment more with no return of the strange sound he thought he must have imagined it, until a particularly vigorous burst of thunder and a gust of wind caused the thin windows at the end of the hall to rattle and groan. The whimper wasn’t loud over the noise of the elements, but it was distinct and it was followed by more creaking. One of the children, realized, recognizing the sound of a child in distress. The storm must have wakened them, but what on earth had driven them to go up to the attic he had no idea.
“Who?” Magda asked with a frown, reaching for one of the long rakes they used to spread the dung and animal feed. One never could be too careful where drifters were concerned.
“I-I have to go.” he stammered, eyeing the last passengers boarding the train. He pulled away from the man and his family and rushed to catch up with the line.
Tony had never slept well when the family traveled, and no matter how sweetly his mother had sung to him or how sternly his father had demanded that he grow up, he had never been able to force his mind or his fears to quiet. It was as if his bones knew the shape and feel of his own bed, his skin the sweet airs of home, and every sense he had seemed to long for them.
With Stefen towering over him the way he was, it was almost comical how young fourteen suddenly appeared. Still a child in too many ways, Tony thought with a miserable pang, but on its heels, was the bitter acceptance that Péter was no more in a child's world than Natasha was.
“But Herr Stark we have another hour of lessons!” Ian insisted, dumbfounded. Artur, halfway out of his seat jerked to a stop and began to sink back down into it.
He used to trace his spine like this when he was little, resting on his mother chest. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d done it.
“It doesn't matter how. Just that it happened.” Bucky could see his resolve wavering under the horrified expressions of his children and the fear etched there. Steve took another breath and something in his eyes softened as they pinned Starks, almost pleading as he finished.
Ian glowed like the sun had taken up residence in his chest and in contrast Natacha and James had gone stiff, dark expressions staring somewhere past their father’s shoulders and refusing to meet his eye. Tony wondered if Rogers had any idea how much each of his children wanted his approval. How starved they were for it and how easy it would be to turn one against the other if he appeared too often to give the scraps of his attention to a favorite. He thought not at first. And then…
"Oh, you are a hard man to figure out, Stefen." She murmured finally as she crossed to the little couch Steve was stood in front of and sat, the cushions sinking under her weight. She folded one leg over the other and regarded him silently, waiting.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” he asked instead, dabbing gently around the gash with a towel soaked in alcohol. Tony winced, replying through his teeth, “Is that a real question?”
He’d been soft then, bright eyed, but warm and rumpled in sleepy sort of way that had Tony’s fingers itching to help undo buttons and lay down on  a bed somewhere. His fingers had been stained with charcoal.
He leaned up against the railing and looked out over the familiar view of the harbor and the shipyard beyond it. The Stark Yards were just memory now, the flags of Austria and Germany long since replaced with those of Italy. The naval ships that lined the harbor bore Italian names, and the men who walked along the docks Italian uniforms. But he thought he could just make out the curved top of the sign at the entrance of the longest pier, the one that led out to the shipyard floating on its own island. He wondered what it said now as he watched the people walking and the cranes moving over the water.
“Still, it’s silly to push motherhood on a girl so young.” Charlotte clucked, glancing back at Natacha. “I think we could all do with a bit of a break. How much longer do you think they will keep you on the road?”
Their plan was in motion. As soon as Steve could draw up the first draft, the first issue of AVENGERS would publish and their network of resistance would go from the subversion of individual citizens to organized sabotage.
It hammered as they walked through the station and out to the car that waited for them on the corner, and it seemed overly loud within the confines of the quiet car as they rolled through the paved streets and Berlin unfurled around them. Tony barely noticed anything of their surroundings, too preoccupied with the burning heat at his shoulder every time Stefen brushed against him and trying not to sound like a babbling idiot answering the drivers occasional polite question.
“They’re coming. Go!” he barked at Rogue reaching for his rifle. The girl nodded, grabbing her pack and the loose end of the wire before darting off down towards the road. The cable was thin and tied low enough to the ground it wouldn’t be easily spotted by an oncoming vehicle. The cable combined with the water (now turned to ice) poured over the road should be enough to take out any oncoming vehicle. It would only stop the first, but one crash was all they needed to block the road and halt the others.
Father blinked once. Twice. Opened his mouth and then closed it again. Swallowed and then finally turned back to his frantic packing, gritting out simply, “Bucky.”
"I'm sorry. I thought I was protecting you by keeping you away from your people. I can't say I regret it either."
He should have known it would be a losing battle doing things the captain’s way. Tony was no good at following orders and now look how turned around they all were. Better always, to do things his own way and ask forgiveness later.
Tony slowed the car into the driveway and glanced behind him again just to make sure he wasn't being followed. He hadn't counted on how exposed he’d feel at the Library of Records in Salzburg.
book would be a good place for us to start our research." Tony stressed the correct pronunciation of the word, but Artur was too excited to pay much attention, turning to his brothers with a cheer of excitement.
r’ triumphantly in Ian’s direction. She set it down on the table and then went and fetched a big pot, presumably to start making her soup, muttering all the while, “The winters are so harsh; I always try and keep some on hand.”
“Can I be the one to tell the others?” Péter asked, his voice giving way to excitement. “I think it would be better if they heard it from me.”
“I’m sorry Tony.” Stefen said after a long moment of silence where the air felt heavy around them and Tony’s heart heavy with it. But his spirits lightened at the soft sound of Stefen’s voice and the even softer way he brushed his lips against Tony’s temple, lips brushing at the sweat slick hair that curled there.
“Da, what’s wrong?” Péters frightened voice was muffled into Steve shoulder as the boy twisted in his arms to get a good look him. Steve didn't have a chance in hell at stopping him, he was so blasted weak, and too soon his arms were falling away and Péter was looking down at him. A sob welled up in his throat and clogged there, forcing him to choke it back just to feel like he could breathe. There were so many things Steve wanted to say, needed to say.
“Oh hush. Too much to drink is all.” Willamina quickly hushed her, nodding empathetically in Sara’s direction. “Just have a seat with your sister Péter and I’ll fix you up some of my cider. No spirits this time.”
“It is my job to help you become the best versions of yourselves that you possibly can be, so there will be no shirking of either your intellect or your artistry in my classroom; and to have a real chance at either you must be given the freedom to question. The Führer may very well be an exception, but Antony Stark is just a man…” Tony took a breath and then went on with more gravity than he’d ever given any speech in his life.
"Yes. There are other reasons as well. Things I've kept from you for your safety," Bucky's eyes widened slowly in surprise as Steve broached the forbidden topic, and Steve nodded, resolving himself even as he said it. "But you deserve to know the truth. I’ll tell you all of it."
“Surely they must know that an endeavor like that could be used to work against their regime?” Tony looked to Stefen with disbelief, and even the captain's unflappable expression had shifted toward one of shock.
Tony said it didn’t make Péter a bad person to be lucky, as long as he didn’t forget that it was luck. But every time he sat down to eat his warm food, laid down in his comfortable bed, or walked under the colorful trees to the library with Ned and his dormmates - while they laughed and joked about how they were going to change the world and revolutionize all of their professors out dated ideas - Péter couldn’t help but think of home and all the horrible things going on there.
“Dachau.” His voice rang in the silence. Blue eyes flicked to him and Stefen let his hand drop. Tony thought his stance couldn't get any tenser, but he’d been wrong.
“I didn’t want to believe it. But he’s mad. He’s mad and he needs help,” she repeated and the agent’s eyes narrowed on her in frustration.
Stefen opened his mouth but before he could speak Tony interjected with breezy confidence ill-suited to the gloomy mood of the table, but in his mind all the more necessary for that.
"Well what am I supposed to catch?" Artur was squinting at his uncle with disbelief. "I’ve never caught food."
Stefen nodded silently, but he was refusing now to meet Tony’s eye and that just wouldn’t do. Gently, Tony pressed his teeth against a patch of skin on Stefen’s broad chest, urging lowly as the muscles beneath him clenched and Stefen’s breathing hitched.
“Stefen, you never told me you were a musician.” Charlotte murmured, an unspoken question in her eyes but Stefen did not act as if he’d heard her, his gaze still glued to his eldest son holding out the mandolin.
Somehow they got the hang of it and managed to be on their way. And as the Roger’s family (plus one Stark) rowed steadily across the lake toward the dark green of the forest with the mountains rising above them, a wide smile split across Tony’s face.
Natacha let out a small wounded sound, her fists flying to her mouth as if to block any repeat, and Péter wrapped his arm around her.
As far as operations went the plan was shit. Simple, but shit. Bucky and Harrison were just two unlucky yokels whose rust bucket happened to choose this day to spill her guts and block the road. When Stark’s escort arrived, they’d be forced to stop and take a look. Stark the interfering bastard would offer to help, and as soon as he was out of the way they’d open fire on the unsuspecting officers. It was a simple plan, but there was still room for things to go wrong.
“It will be nice getting back to work for a while,” he admitted. “I’ve got to get some things in order but I’ll be back.”
“I thought you might be hungry.” Ian insisted in a placating tone that let Tony know he was being indulged. Hungry or not, Ian Rogers had decided on his course and he wasn’t going anywhere until Tony ate.
Nothing. He tried again, his voice breaking, “Tacha, are you here? James!” He tried not to curse his own voice echoing back at him, endless and hallow. The crooked sign of a squat little building calling itself the Behringer administrative offices caught his eye and he strode toward it. The windows were broken here as well, and the rioters had clearly had their way with the place, but at least it wasn’t on fire. The front office was nothing but floating piles of smashed furniture (broken pipes here too) but there was a hall behind it leading towards a service kitchen.
“Is that a threat,” he asked, iron already solidifying in his gut. If Schmidt even so much as twitched in the direction of his family-
.” Tony squeezed his shoulders, looking up at him with a face full of worry.  Steve jerked away, because Tony didn’t need to worry about him, and he was late to start his morning routine. Natacha was safe and that was all that mattered.
Unless of course she did, which was a possibility. One Péter very much didn't like the thought of as jealousy flared hot in his chest. His displeasure must have shown on his face because she scoffed loudly and pushed past him with a shove. Wincing Péter called for her to wait, but she didn't so much as pause in her stride as she called back over her shoulder, "We shouldn't be on the street when they discover what we did."
At some point between his story of his first trip to the shipyards with his father, and the submarine torpedo he’d designed and tried to convince his uncle Isiah to sell to the Italians when he was sixteen years old, Stefen had drifted off.
"Something tells me you take everything seriously." She heard Tony say, pausing outside the door. Beside her she heard Artur suck in a noisy breath, holding it as the handle on the door turned and light flooded the little room, washing over their faces.
Bucky had grumbled something about Rogers and their stubbornness while Steve had tried not to laugh. Stark had just looked smug.
“Tony’s right. The children are sleeping. Let’s all calm down.” Steve said instead, in a far calmer tone than he would have managed moments before and Bucky looked at him as if he’d grown a second head, mouth falling open slightly.
“Believe it or not, Antony, I meant no particular offense to you either. You cannot help the conditions of your birth any more than any of us can. We’ve all been the victims of race mixing and the German people have paid the price in the quality of its offspring.” Vonkov lamented and a low murmur of agreement went around the table. Steve’s gut churned as Vonkov’s beady eyes fixed on him once more, a gleam of hunger in them.
Tony could feel the boy’s stare on him often as they bobbed across the sea towards the French coast, flinching at the sound of every aircraft overhead. And there were many. Tony distracted the children and himself by telling them stories from the summer when he and Rhodey had discovered a cave where a boat had wrecked and letters from a fisherman to a sweetheart bound for the Americas. Rhodey had been the first one to dream about going to New York. He’d heard it was a place where a man could be anything, no matter his class or color. Tony had promised he’d build them a boat and they’d sail there together. The stories seemed to help. He even caught their companions listening in a time or two.
“Gypsies parked outside the city to winter around the same time the murders started. Altera thinks they are using their women to lure the men to be robbed and killed.” Grig was answering his mother when he was interrupted by the surprisingly loud sound of Natacha’s spoon falling from her hand and bouncing off the rim of her plate. The sound jarred Steve out of his dark contemplation.
“Tony! I found goat tracks!” Artur, who had wandered off slightly to the right under a cropping of trees, exclaimed, turning to wave at Tony, who was guiding Maria setting up a snare for mountain hare. Tony had gifted the newly minted eight-year-old with a small magnifying glass for his birthday, which had come and gone in March.  All the children had helped in the creation of the gift. Even James, who was surly over the fact that for a few weeks a year he and Artur were the same age, and he could no longer insist that the younger boy was a baby.
“I think you know what I mean.” Stefen replied, not letting him evade the subject and Tony nodded, turning his head to place a soft kiss against his palm.
Resistance to the Reich was everywhere and their leaders were always assuring them of the necessity of stamping it out.
He hadn’t told Charlotte anything but what was right in front of her nose, and she was an ally, a friend, but he wouldn’t try and convince anyone that made it better. He knew the truth better than anyone, that there was no trusting anyone in this world but each other. Not for he and Stefen.  Charlotte loved Stefen, of that Bucky had no doubt. But that meant little to gadje in the end. When it came down to you or them. There was no predicting what Charlotte would do, now that the tide was turned against them. He’d have to call Stevie. He just hoped it wouldn’t be too late.
Tony hid a smile behind the rim of his cup, taking a satisfied sip as Bakhuizen opened his mouth to retort back at the captain, but what he might have said was lost because at that very moment the doors to the terrace opened and Hammer appeared, the three men turning to watch as the stately butler approached.
Tony frowned, confusion warring with horrible dread as he took the bottle from her hand, trying to make sense of what she’d said and read the faded script on the peeling label at the same time.
"No, no. Of course not." Playing a much changed tune, the officer quickly handed back their papers with an apologetic half smile toward Anamarie. "it's just that we can't be too careful with these anarchists on the loose Fraulein, I'm sure you understand."
Steve's mind was pleasantly blank. He licked his lips.  When had his mouth gone so dry? He scrambled to remember what he was meant to be doing.
She could see that Stefen was about to leap on the chance to excuse themselves, the relief and profound gratitude that flashed through his eyes, and she could not say why she did what she did, only that the look had pierced through her belly like a sharp needle and she was speaking before she knew it.
“Call the Gestapo. Tell them you’re a good German. Maybe they’ll believe you and our parents are that. But will they believe Ona? Myself?” Magda implored. “We harbored him. He lives because I kept him alive. They’ll know Franz. What are you going to tell them? Ona and I didn't notice a fugitive hiding in our goat pen for three weeks?!”
Tony batted the memory away like it was a pestering bee, thoughts circling with renewed intensity as he seized the details that mattered, because he knew he was right, damn it, even as he grappled with the impossibility of it. Mustard gas. But how could Stefen possibly have inhaled mustard gas?! It had to be something else. Something similar, something – was tugging at his sleeve, Tony realized, turning his head and blinking rapidly to find the door thrown open wide with Péter standing in the middle, staring at Natacha who was somehow standing at Tony's side.
They’d finally made it out of the bath and into their evening attire to be on their way. The dinner was being hosted at Carinhall, the country home of Hermann Göring. It was about an hours drive from the city. They had to hurry because it would have been in very bad taste to be late to one of Göring’s famously lavish gatherings. Göring, a prominent member of the Nazi Party and a close personal friend of the Führer, was not a man anybody could afford to insult.
“The first man was hurting Cate.” She explained slowly, her quiet voice painfully young. “Her father worked for him, but the man refused to pay. That’s how he lured her to the wood. He knew she’d risk anything for her family and who would care if he did that to a Jewish girl anyway?”
It made him angry. He clenched his jaw, snapping out that he was fine. As if he could erase that look from Bucky’s eyes with will alone. Bucky shrugged, turning back toward the window and Steve sat down heavily in the seat next to him. He didn’t worry about whether or not he was welcome there. With Bucky, he always was. Even when he wasn’t.
The cover caught his eye and he paused, recognizing the picture before he ever read the title sprawled across the top in bold letters.
From the moment he’d learned what happened and heard where father had gone he’d wanted to follow, but he’d stayed at Tony’s insistence. Or rather, Father’s insistence, because after Tony finished imparting the captain’s message Uncle Bucky had cursed and gone running back to his room.
“Everyone I know has been there loads of times. My father practically lives there now. Mother is always complaining that he’s there too often.”
Dvorak lay there in the silence as Bucky finished speaking, blinking slowly until his eyes were clear once more and free of tears. Slowly he pushed himself up from the floor until he was sitting upright, contemplating with heaviness, “Schmidt knows how to make that happen.”
In many cases they took only those they now classified as illegal, separating spouses and parents from their children. In others they took whole families- forcing small children from their beds and to dress quickly without resistance or disturbing their neighbors.
He didn’t realize he was being called at first, not until a hand shook his shoulder and he looked up into Péter’s eyes, shaken and brimming with tears. He must have slid to the floor at some point because Péter was bending over him, clutching his shoulders and shaking him. Tony’d been cursing out loud he realized only after a shake from Péter’s hands caused him to bite his tongue and the bright burst of pain cleared the fog in his head.
fondness. Tony wasn’t imagining it. He wasn’t making it up now, and he hadn’t been making it up those times in the garden or that night camping in the woods either. His heart fluttered in his chest, remembering how close they’d stood, how close Tony had come to kissing him. Stefen hadn’t moved away. He’d told himself it couldn’t mean anything but now he wasn’t so sure.
“Are you alright?” Tony freed one of his hands from the headboard to stroke along the captain’s neck, as if touch alone would soothe the irritation. “Christ, Stefen you can’t just take it all at once like that.” It was getting too hard to hold his body up off of Stefen’s chest one handed so he had to return to holding with both hands. Steve glared up at him from between his legs, his eyes watery as he grumbled in reply, “You did.”
“Well… you gentlemen certainly have your work cut out for you. But I don’t understand how you expect me to help.”
“I think one of the maids was looking for something. Or... maybe Herr Hammer? He comes in sometimes.”
It was all he’d said, but it might as well have been his death sentence. Schmidts lips had twitched and he’d nodded his head slightly at one of the prison guards. Steve had been forced to the ground, face pushed into the dirt, a gloved hand around the back of his neck choking off his air. The men had ripped and pulled at him until he was naked, stinging and shivering where he lay on the ground. A plain shirt and trousers had been thrown at him and he was told to dress himself.
"Why five?" Tony asked, mind racing ahead. Pieces of thought flying out of the corners of his mind and taking new shape.
He imagined Tony's mouth all over him, teeth and tongue peppering his ribcage, his shoulders. His hands on his back, caressing, nails digging in. Steve moaned, rolling onto his stomach at the thought of Tony's clever tongue leaving a hot strip over his abdomen, and rutted into the bed, fingers of one hand bunching into the sheets, choking on a whimper.
“Have a drink with us. You must be parched from all that running around.” Bakhuizen gestured to the spread of coffee and bite sized treats upon the table.
“Boss!” Harold’s voice was tinny and distant, even though his blurry reflection swam alarmingly close to Steve’s. Steve blinked, and Harold came into focus, his face contorted in concern.
She noticed he was awake after a moment and paused to smile down at him, though it was a small little thing and full of worry. Knowing he was the cause of that worry only made him feel lower. What had he done? What sort of man was he, to hurt the people he loved like this?
Good evening! This is Freddie at the Castle, reaching out to our kin at the INN. Auntie’s condition worsens. Funeral arrangements have been made. Flowers will need picking up at the High St. shop. Wendy arrives on the 25
Péter stared back at him in a daze, his mouth falling slightly open once more in shock and Steve chuckled lowly.
He looked at Péter when he said it, and for a long moment. The young man just stared back, but to Tony’s immeasurable relief after a long moment he slowly began to nod in agreement, squaring his shoulders with resolution.
Bucky straightened in his chair, his eyes narrowing as he took his first good look at Tony. He was in his everyday clothes, not the dirty shirt and wrinkled trousers he usually worked in when he disappeared to the garage or his workshop for hours on end. Bucky’s hackles rose. Stark had clearly changed before coming to breakfast, and he wasn’t carrying the tell-tale scent of motor oil, so a wash must have been had followed by fresh clothing. Definitely not something in his pocket.
to see his chest bared like this. The fine hair dusting its way down his naval and disappearing into his slacks tantalizing in a way that made his mouth go dry, and Steve feel uncomfortably obscene.
Tony brought the ax down, his chest heaving with exertion. The cracking of the wood was loud, ringing sharply through the thin air as the trunk of the tree teetered. They'd chosen a younger pine, stunted somewhat by its neighbors, but with mature enough wood for harvesting.
“James, you’re being stupid! You dress yourself every day.” Natacha was scoffing as Tony stepped past her into the room, carefully stepping over the shards of a shattered vase and tiredly reaching for the pair of shorts James had thrown across the room.
And maybe some of the uncles would have rejected Steve’s children the way they’d rejected Steve for taking after his gaje father, but as far as Bucky was concerned they were Rom.
!” Uncle Bucky’s voice did something strange. It was sharp and desperate. Afraid. Afraid like James had never heard him before. He looked up and Uncle Bucky looked back down at him. “I’m not leaving you. But we have to get off this train
“Ah, the chalet.” Werner murmured and Tony thought he saw the first real hint of warmth in her expression. “I summered there a few times as girl, with your mother. Did she ever tell you?”
One of the boys looked up from kicking the old man, his laughter fading as he caught sight of Péter and his siblings, his eyes going wide with delighted recognition.
“Think I couldn’t figure that out? The woman’s sharp as a tack and you’ve got her squaring off with Ginger. Christ. She’s just a kid, Stevie.” Bucky breathed out heavily and Steve pressed his foot down on the gas without another word. He couldn’t help but feel slightly vindictive. Now did Bucky understand? It wasn’t as if it made Steve
. Though he’s young for it.” Steve glared in Stark’s direction but the man didn’t even look up, though Steve didn’t miss the way he smirked.
Beside him Ian’s shoulders relaxed and he glanced up at Tony through blond bangs with a shy half smile. He opened his mouth, presumably to thank him (Ian was the politest after all) when his gaze caught on something, his mouth closing slowly as his brow furrowed. Tony followed his eyes to find that it was Péter who had caught Ian’s attention. The older boy had stopped to catch his breath in the middle of the walk, his gaze stuck on a group of boys sat by a market stand smoking and chatting with one another.
The deportees were forced into concert halls, mail rooms, and other spontaneous holding cells where they were forced to sign documents that confessed guilt to crimes they did not commit and contained their promises never to return to Germany. Those who refused to sign were tortured until they complied. There were deaths in the holding halls, though there was no official count kept.
“You’re not finished with me?” Tony asked, the cheeky bastard but Steve loved that about him. God help him. Tony's breath caught in the back of his throat and his eyes almost fluttered shut as Steve raked his fingers up the column of his throat and into the soft hair at the nape of his neck murmuring, “not nearly.”
A low moan escaped his throat, and Stefen bucked at the vibration. Tony had never felt something so good. Didn’t want it to stop. Ever. But Stefen was already too close, coming up to the edge where pleasure met pain.
“Do me a favor?” Tony glanced down to watch a slight furrow crease the boy’s brow as he nodded warily before continuing. “Watch this place for me while I’m gone?”
, Tony began to realize, was a young girl, wounded and grieving, left on her own to cope. And god, it wasn’t over yet was it? Tony thought of the last letter they had received from their correspondent at SIS, which had so coldly informed them that there was no place for children on a battlefield. Relying on the resistance would mean splitting the family up again. And though Tony wanted very much to find another way, he knew there was a good chance that even if he found it there would be no stopping the captain.
Near grown or not, Willamina’s cider packed a punch and Ian was looking rather rosy in the cheek. The morning would be a hard-learned lesson on moderation, but Tony had no doubt that it would stick. Ian was a good boy.
“There’s gonna be a parade to welcome Commander Goering and Von Brauchitsch to Vienna” his father told him after a moment.
Frauline Werner was a tall woman, slender with a regal bearing that did nothing to soften the sharpness of her features. It was the coldness of her eyes, their slow almost feline appraisal as they took in the welcoming party standing to greet her, that really put Tony off.
“Fabels Metals, and then a little shopping. I promised to bring gifts back for the little monsters. Then I think I would like to come back and see if I can’t get their father naked again. If he’s agreeable.”
“So long as they don’t interfere with their regular school work; and they are never to sing in public. Good day, Herr Stark. You’re relieved.”
Someone was slumped over the side of the bed sound asleep. Even with his face mashed up against his arms, Stefen recognized him instantly. Even with greasy brown hair sticking up in odd directions - as if he hadn't washed it in days - Péter was a beautiful sight, his mouth slightly open and whistling softly every time he took a breath.
The family was to be in Munich for the duration of the festival and travel to some of the nearby towns in parade with the troops.  Charlotte had suggested renting the town house so that the children might be more comfortable, and the adults did not have to share their beds.
More than once Tony had to snicker at himself and resolutely push such ridiculous thoughts out of his head. Captain Rogers cared as much about current fashion as Tony cared for morning vigil (which was not at all) and while he was surely as passionate a fellow as any under all that military regimen, he was hardly what Tony would call knowledgeable in the games that lovers played.
She didn’t stir as Tony approached the bed but Bucky did, his eyes which had been firmly closed in one moment suddenly open and pinning Tony in place like the sight on a rifle, and Tony was certain somehow that Bucky was ready to kill for Stefen and was only deciding whether Tony was a threat or not.
“We throw the engagement party Charlotte’s been wanting.” Tony explained. “We invite every friend, every colleague, the whole damn village down to the last gardener. That way even if they do suspect the hand off is taking place that night, they won’t know who to watch. They’ll be spread thin, but if you’re caught anyway Stefen can’t immediately be implicated. You were just taking advantage of a big party to hide your dirty deed in plain sight. Weren’t you?”
How then, did one ask a brother to risk everything on this one, and now perhaps final, venture? Bucky had a family, a father and sister, that he supported. Austria had made good on her promises to them both. Bucky had happily retired from the military with his citizenship and built a respectable life for himself. How could he ask him to betray that now?
“You leave your Da to me. Have I ever steered you wrong?” he pressed and Natacha’s fingers bunched in her skirt. She was wavering he knew.
The way Tony said it, Steve knew that he’d accepted the possibility of death for both of them. Seeing him so at peace with it should have burned, heavy with failure, but Steve felt nothing of the sort. He stood apart from himself, a shell masquerading as a man. Only his will to complete the mission was left.
“-to highlight that nothing has changed in Salzburg.” Virginia sighed, and Steve realized she’d still been reading Striker’s letter.
“Stefen,” he jerked in surprise when Tony tugged on his arm to draw him back. “She’ll be alright Stefen. Let her go.”
The woods were dark and scary, but Ian kept moving. He wasn’t scared. Well, not scared enough to stop. Da wouldn’t have stopped. The sled was heavy, but not any heavier than the sandbags he and Da used at the villa to keep their strength up. Ian couldn’t carry the biggest one for very long, but he was glad now that he’d practiced with it over short distances.
It wasn’t until he was within feet of the door, able to make out every log, count the shuttered windows, the unbroken blades of grass around the doorstep, that Steve realized that the ragged cry ringing in his ear wasn’t coming from some animal in the wood but from himself.
“We need to get to the abbey!” he hollered back, not bothering to slow or make sure that Péter was keeping up. Knowing what Stefen had in his system now, every second they wasted was a second closer to anything approximating a cure losing its effectiveness.
Bucky had not heard Steve crying out until he'd been about to strangle Stark to death. So how had Stark heard him before he did? It didn’t sit right.
“How are your studies? Are you up to date with the state curriculum?” Frauline Werner asked taking a delicate sip from her tea cup.
“I’m sure she’ll be all right.” Ian finally said, when the silence had stretched awkwardly, and James rolled his eyes grumbling, “No she won’t.” Ian jabbed him in the side with his elbow hard enough to bruise and James flinched away with a cry. Péter hissed at him to stop it when he kicked Ian in retaliation, as if it were all James fault and he was the one who had started it in the first place. James turned toward the window and blocked them all out, blinking back furious tears. They were all so stupid, and they never listened to James even when he was right. It was obvious to anyone that Daniel was never going to see his family again, and neither were they.
One, two, just one foot in front of the other. He could do it. He was brave. Ian clenched his jaw and marched onward. Over the sound of the crowd and the under-hum of music Ian thought he could hear the click of his younger brothers boots behind him. Three four five, perfectly measured thirty inch steps. Now pivot. He clicked his heels together and let the standard slide through his fingers until the stub thumped the ground and stared straight ahead, at his father who was standing upon the short stage.
He shifted the unfinished letter closer to himself and she huffed a breath, her mouth twitching into a thin line.
“He should stay.” James shot them all a glare, daring Peter and Ian to challenge him. As if he were the only one who cared that father was going back to the army.
"Those were the words, yeah." He drawled, accent thickening Tony was sure just to be an asshole about it.
“Germany will move to take control of Gibraltar and it is just a matter of time, Tony, before Italy enters the war. If they haven’t come this way yet, I fear they never will.” Steve admitted through clenched teeth. “We need to find another way.” They had to get out before they were surrounded on all sides. The smell of rot was so sharp in his nose Steve had to resist the urge to claw at it. How could Tony not smell that?
"It's as I've always said Master Péter. There are only a few men like your father. It is the honor of the common man to path the way for the heroes."
And just as rage with no discernible outlet so often does, as suddenly as it had come it left, and Tony had sunk onto the bed with a tired sob.
“He’s done it!” Hammer cheered, a fist raised in jubilation and the maid Hortense let out a squeal, clapping her hands joyfully.
“Oof,” Tony grunted in surprise as the breath drove out of him, and Stefen jerked, clearly wanting to spring off of him but lacking the strength just yet. Tony shushed him again, hands stroking over his back soothingly as he attempted to shift them so Stefen’s weight was more evenly distributed.
Bucky shook her in rage, roaring in her face. She whimpered, scrunching her eyes closed, her face crumpling. She wailed, tears leaking out of her eyes, prattling like the gutless little thing she was. He’d seen Steve dragged out from that prison in pieces, face so mottled and beaten in, his own mother wouldn’t have recognized him. And this gadje
Steve and Bucky left Tony to see the children washed and ready for the evening and Virginia to oversee the final preparations of the staff under Charlotte’s watchful eye.
“Worry about your damn job, why don’t you?” Tony pushed the frantic thoughts away, let anger burn away the icy tendrils of fear as he glared at Bucky. Stefen hung between them like a hare on a wire.
Tony’s heart cracked in his chest as Stefen grabbed the trembling boy by the shoulders, forcing Ian still even as Ian continued stammering something unintelligible, eyes wide and pleading. With an eerie calmness Stefan took hold of his face, hands gentle but firm as they held him.
“The children love him, Herr Hammer.” It was only Virginia’s furious snap in Hammer’s direction that kept Steve’s anger from boiling over. “They really are quite fond of him Captain. They were simply not used to such strenuous activity. The heat exhausted them.”
"Money?" Tony repeated slowly, frowning, his eyes darting over Steve's face. "Have you lost your mind?”
“…Pseudopods?” after a moment of wracking his brain Tony remembered his first night, chattering about the different types of spiders (mostly to get under the Captain's skin) and Artur making a fuss with James. He wouldn't have thought Artur had cared so much to remember the conversation.
Péter gaped at him, shocked by the tears that were in the man’s eyes. He’d seen few grown men cry in his lifetime and could not fathom that his simple little gift could reduce someone to tears.
Stefen’s thrusts began to stagger and an overwhelming tenderness filled Tony’s chest with an unbearable ache. He let go of his grip on Stefen’s shirt and slid his now free arm around his neck until they were locked in embrace. Stefen’s brow dropped against his. The captain choked out a sob and Tony held him tight, shushing him as if he were a babe.
Nervous eyes fixed firmly upon the strings of the mandolin, the captain began to pluck a rolling melody. It was a tune that Tony instantly recognized from Sergei Prokofiev’s children’s symphony, about a young boy who caught a furious wolf stalking the woods surrounding their home.
Except it wasn’t just that. It wasn’t just Tony’s genius. It was also the blood of hundreds of thousands of people. Men who would set sail on floating death traps, who would be torn apart and buried at the bottom of the ocean. Men who would take off in planes only to paint the sky with their remains. Men on the ground, bombs falling down on them like rain. Women and children too. All because one man’s mind made it possible, and another’s said the trade – all of their lives for seven – was acceptable.
Swallowing back the jumping nerves in her belly she tightened her fists in her lap and met his stare, the way she’d seen her mother do before Frau Hogan would shoo them away so their parents could ‘have words’.
“You’re not going Tony.” Steve insisted and Tony answered without pause, as if he’d been expecting Steve to say the words before Steve even finished saying them.
"I suppose she will." He grunted in reply hopeful that Bucky would just let the matter drop. He wasn’t so lucky.
Steve swallowed his anger. Kroger was just a father like him. Doing his best. It was hard for a man sometimes to see beyond his own children.
Steve was aware they were all watching him for his response. Testing him.  He settled for the safest words he could say.
He’d been told by a woman who had been brought in - a few months pregnant and thin as a pole - that it was not the same for all the barracks. She had been sentenced seven months ago for speaking out against the treatment of mental patients at the hospital she worked in. She’d told him that at the women's barracks where she had been held before the medical ward, they worked most of the day but could speak freely in their bunks. They only had to be in line and at attention or risk beating when the guard entered.
"We need a fighting force, but we have to be able to get in without being noticed and to move quickly."
"I hope you don't mind that I told the children you'd be caring for them before we had a chance to speak." Stefen began as soon as the door had clicked shut and Tony shot him a peeved look.
“James those are mine!” He shouted anxiously as James zig zagged away to avoid Tony and leaped on top of Ian’s bed, grabbing at the books he had left there to throw them. Ian’s index of natural herbs and plant life sailed through the air and he darted forward to rescue it.
“When you’re a millionaire you can afford to be eccentric that’s true, but not with the wrong sort. You can’t love a negro.” Tony mused darkly, old bitter memories rising to the surface.
But now he wished he’d taken his cousin up on the offer to teach him. What was it the papers always said, a picture was worth a thousand words? Well a picture of Major Rogers snuggled up in bed with his pretty monk was worth a lot more than words. It was worth three hundred Reichsmarks, several acres of land, the villa and all of the money the Von Trapps had thrown at their new son-in-law to keep up appearances and guarantee he retired to a quiet life in the country, away from public speculation.
"We must go. I arranged for some prisoners to access a weapons case. They have staged a coupe to buy you time.” Wolfe informed them quickly in a low voice.
Less right was Péter hanging back next to Tony with an imperceptible expression on his face. The boy nervously twisted his left shirt cuff, gaze staring somewhere past Steve until Tony gave him a gentle nudge with his shoulder.
For the first time in Péter’s life he wasn’t considered strange or weak for liking books more than he liked sports or wrestling. He was admired for his brains, and challenged at every turn to get even better, and it was so wonderful he could barely sleep at night.
They found a spot to make camp not too far from the lakes edge (because, as he instructed the children, they should always stick close to a water source) and spent a good hour and a half after that struggling to erect their tents because Tony insisted on letting the children help and using it as an opportunity for another lesson.
Supper was proving to be as delicious as Willamina had promised. After such an eventful day the children were full of enthusiasm and chatter.
"Con te partirò" (I will leave with you) is an Italian song written by Francesco Sartori and Lucio Quarantotto. It was first performed by Andrea Bocelli, and though it topped the charts in France and Belgium it actually wasn't that successful (at first) in Italy. But a second release of the song with a portion sung in English by Sarah Brightman helped pushed the song to achieve record breaking sales throughout Europe and the US. To this day, it remains one of the best selling singles of all time and Con te Partiro is still considered Bocelli's signature work.
Tony’s brows shot up in surprise as he glanced warily between the two of them, his mouth falling slightly open.
"I regret that very important business concerning the children’s health has called me away and I am uncertain of when I’ll return."
, he heard his mother croon softly in his ear, her weathered palms gentle as she wiped the sweat from his face, the scent of elderflowers thick in the air around them.
Tony allowed the world to start to drift away for a moment, indulging in his perfect memory. He recalled the feeling of Stefen’s body pressed to his as they waltzed in the moonlight, and let it ground him.
It occurred to him as Natacha helped him get the little ones settled with Maria on one side of Tony and Sara on the other, and then primly made a place for herself on the other side of Sara, that perhaps it wouldn’t go over well if Rogers were to discover his daughters cozied up in their very male tutors bed, but one look at Maria and Sara’s terrified faces and he just didn’t have the heart to send them away. Natacha was more subtle, but Tony noticed the way her shoulders tensed with every peel of thunder.
“My ankle.” She whimpered and Tony gingerly grasped her foot, noting the puffy swollen flesh he could feel beneath her stockings.
Gynter Funk & Rita Göring both had fathers in the Führer’s inner circle.  Frau Zemo’s son Helmut was handsome and reminded her of Péter.  Elizabeth Fennhoff’s father was a notable psychiatrist and was rumored to have demonic powers of persuasion. Rita was the one spreading most of the rumors because she was a silly twit and a gossip. Her father might have held a higher seat in the Reich, but Elizabeth was the more intelligent of the two girls and the better liked. Unfortunately, Rita’s jealousy did not halt her bottomless hunger for approval, so she clung to the other girls' skirts like lint so that you did not get one without the other.
"I’ll get him. We’ll meet you at the exit.” Tony waved at the others to go as he turned to go after Bruce. “Bruce, we don't have time.” He hissed at the other man's back as he strode over toward the commotion and the bleeding man on the bed.
“I hope your family is close.” Magda said, still gripping his hand tightly in hers to help him stand. Her eyes left the inclining trail through the trees and came back to him for the last time. She seemed to be thinking the same thing he was, but Steve didn’t give her any response beyond a brief nod. Her family would have questions of their own, and she couldn’t betray what she didn’t know.
There was a racket just above him and Steve flinched away from the sound, desperately blinking his vision clear until he was looking into a pair of big gray eyes. He jerked back, over balancing and collapsing in a heap on his side with a pained huff.
, he’d said. And what a time for Stevie to decide to listen! He hadn’t given them to the woman who’d agreed to be his wife and help him escape the noose. No. Oh no
And neither would they, Tony knew, as the silence stretched awkwardly in the face of his show of meekness.
“Why? ” Ian asked, cocking his head. That was very different. In the past his father had always been stationed somewhere far away in the mountains.
Those early summers back when he’d been a boy as young as Sara, when they’d journey from their villa atop the hill down into the village where she’d spent her days as a girl to visit his grandparents and his uncles, had seemed like a grand adventure. She was Ruth come home again.
“Be very careful, Stark!” Steve growled at him, teeth clenched so tight they were all but bared and Tony shivered, but refused to back down.
The little white card clipped to the chart attached to the side of his cot swung as the doctor released it. Steve blinked at it, the black letters still burning behind his eyelids. The sixth of February. It was an important date, but he had no time to puzzle over it before he was yanked off the table and loaded with a heavy pack. Distantly, he understood that the pack was heavy, weighted down with over forty pounds. But with the drug coursing through his veins the weight felt like a minor annoyance, nothing in comparison to the constant burn of inexhaustible energy and the frantic buzzing in his brain.
Artur eagerly thrust the glass jar (already containing one other species of butterfly, a poor housefly, and a strange looking beetle as yet unclassified) forward and as carefully as an excited boy of eight could manage James deposited the insect into the jar without managing to lose any of the others.
Steve banged his fists upon the table and the mugs rattled, sloshing their contents. Tony jumped a little.
It was six long hours before the solution was ready despite everything Tony did to hurry the process. Finding the right tools and materials in the infirmary stocks was simple enough, but finding Bruce’s notes on the experiment and Dr. Pyms letters took nothing short of time, as he and Péter frantically searched through what amounted to the full library of old journals and portfolios and loose paper that Bruce had kept in his office.
There was a polite rap of knuckles to warn before brother Vogel ducked his head inside the door and entered the cockpit.
“Using your honeymoon as an excuse might have worked before, but you’re under investigation now. They won’t want to give you a chance to leave the country and disappear.” Tony took Stefen’s hand, steading him and imploring him softly to truly hear what he was saying. “It’s likely this will just push them into deciding to spring the trap now instead of later.”
“On her way back to England. I’m grateful she came all this way, but my place is here with you and the children.” Charlotte answered.
He buttoned up his slacks and knelt down to search for his socks grunting, “Rebellion is an art form Stefen. You don’t actually have to do a single thing you don’t want to, so long as you make it sound as if you did.”
“She’s right you know.” Péter mused clapping a consoling hand on Ian’s shoulder and giving it a firm squeeze. “We’re family. That means we’ll always be here for each other, won’t we?”
who’d abducted him. One thing was for sure, once behind the monastery walls and under Niklas Farkas’ watchful eye Obadiah would have had little choice but to let him be. Besides it wasn’t as if Tony could have much say over the company as a monk, controlling interest or not. In that way Obadiah would have won – out of sight, out of mind – and if that was the case, perhaps it was best to stay that way.
But the problem with being this angry at his best friend and last remaining family, was that when he wasn’t consumed with a frightening amount of rage at the prick, he was twisted up with a cocktail of misery and loneliness.
For a terrible lurching moment, he felt lost in that sea of sound and moving bodies until a sharp whistle pierced the din and silence reined once more. Steve's eyes met Tony's, filled with relief.
“Why would it do that? This is still Austria isn’t it?” Steve bit out in reply and Mueller’s eyebrows twitched.
"Of course, there's no way to stop it from picking up foreign frequencies and the like." Tony quickly turned the dial so the transmission went silent.
Laughing and chattering amongst themselves the children began the trek back inside, waving cheerfully at their father as they passed the steps of the terrace. Tony stayed put, staring out over the water and collecting himself because he was far more shaken by the things that Natacha had said (and not said) then he’d have liked to admit.
“I said it was a surprise, Dobas. Jesus, Mary and Joseph you're no better at understanding commands now than when we were soldiers.”
"Brother Banner?" he asked tentatively, his breath pluming in front of him. "We received a letter to expect you... it is an unusual mode of travel... It's been hours. We'd nearly given up hope."
It was quite a beautiful thing to suppose, that when Tony had heard these words sung in a darkened theater, with his heart lonely and aching, that Stefen had perhaps been there somewhere in the crowd with his Margrit, falling in love for the first time and wholly unaware of how one day – after losing himself in darkness – their lives would touch.
For once Tony was silent, struck numb by Péter’s words as they reverberated around his head. He was right of course. Stefen’s work with the resistance wasn’t just dangerous for him. If discovered there was no telling how his superiors would decide to punish him and where it would end. Stefen feared General Schmidt like the man was the devil himself, and Tony had no words for it, but he knew instinctively just from a single meeting that Stefen was right to be so afraid. And still he fought, and here Tony was, building him a one of a kind tool to use in his efforts and all but painting the name Stark upon its side.
Bucky headed purposefully toward the door, not waiting to confirm that Steve had his back and Steve’s shoulders sagged in relief, the first genuine smile of the day tugging at his mouth.
Bucky stumbled and hit the wall with a surprised curse, nearly sliding down it. He put up a hand to stop himself, heart pounding uncomfortably in his chest. Maybe he shouldn’t walk and feel at the same time. But he shouldn’t be feeling anything at all, he thought with a frown of distaste. He’d drank enough to solve that particular problem, only it seemed that no matter how much he drank there was a boulder on his chest pressing him into the ground.
Tony opened the door to find Stefen standing on the other side, the light from the bedroom spilling over his face and out into the darkened corridor. He didn’t say anything or attempt to enter, just slowly lowered his arm and stared at Tony across the threshold as if it were as uncrossable as an ocean.
He wasn't inferior. He hadn't been sure at all he could really fix the small radio on his own without Tony there but it had worked! Péter had fixed it and all the other boys had been admiring him. Johann had just been jealous, because even without taking the stupid exam Péter had beat him at something.
A little voice panicked in the back of his mind, the fear of hurting Tony dousing the anger like water. It left him feeling drained and woozy in its wake, exhausted.
But it was still so hard to think of opening his mouth and saying the words that would take Péter away from his family, away from Steve, quite possible for good.
"Stefen, is that wise?" Charlotte fretted as she caught up to them. Next to him Tony was giving him the same worried look and Steve was careful to avoid both of their eyes but he could do nothing to hide the ragged nature of his breathing. "It's fine Charlotte. She hardly weighs anything," he said. Truthfully his shoulders were already starting to ache, but he'd be damned if he let a little soreness and shortness of breath ruin their last Christmas in their home.
"Those parties were fun... but we can't dance around in the garden this time. Not with the mayor coming."
“No,” Steve barked, yanked from his thoughts as he let Artur lead him to his spot at the table. “Péter looks like he’s fine handling the
With Steve leaning close to make his selection Scott quickly relayed the information Steve had come seeking under his breath.
"I’ll speak with you later Nigel, you understand?” Steve didn’t ask it like a real question, so all Nigel could do really was nod and offer his meek agreement as Steve turned away, but not before catching Tony's eye and making a face when he saw the way the monk was rolling his eyes.
Which is how Bucky found himself sitting on a couch with Charlotte and Steve watching Stark and the children put on a show in the puppet theater they’d actually built themselves, reluctantly and thoroughly impressed.
Steve gestured at Starks face. “As you can see he’s all right, but I ought to be the one that brings him ic-”
“Because we’ll never get anywhere without a head start. Father’s going to come after us as soon as he knows we’re gone. Somebody has to stay to stall him.” And Natacha
When no blow came, he didn’t stop to ask why. Perhaps she was afraid. Whatever the case, if he could just catch his breath, just gather the strength to move. Now that his hands were somewhat free, he could... but the train of thought slid away from him as if it were water poured through his hands. Dizzy, he was so dizzy. His vision filled with black spots.
“But that’s just the point Willamina, they’re not Czechs, they are ethnically German same as you and I! Could you imagine languishing in some Czechoslovakian slum?” Hammer implored the woman’s back as she banged about making herself a cup.
He didn’t know what Tony wanted him to say. He shouldn’t be explaining this to his tutor, Tony should be helping him explain things! Tony should be the one saying something to make this all better, to make that horrible need that Péter felt to find a table to hide under go away. He wasn’t a child anymore. He could take it!
“Your Eminence. Praise be to God for his mercy.” One of the men grabbed Tony’s hand, his thin chapped lips rubbing against the skin of his knuckles as tears fell from his eyes.
There were more than a few of the boys from Péter's squad and others hanging about the square who were tossing looks her way or attempting to flirt with her, and everyone said that when she graduated the program she was sure to marry only the noblest and highest of officers.
"You don’t know anything do you? Who do you think sent me here?" Bucky scoffed and Tony’s whole world tilted.
Ian must have looked very pathetic because it wasn’t long at all before, he found himself sat in a comfortable chair in front of the wood stove, the woman Karlina fussing over his cut while her husband fed the stove more wood. When she’d cleaned him up to her satisfaction she hurried off into the kitchen, and Ian slumped into the back of the chair his body shaking with exhaustion.
"It's cold Vati." she complained, burrowing closer against Stefen's warm linin shirt. "My bears nose is cold too.”
It had all been fine until Schmidt had showed up at a rally for Hitler’s Youth, the boys waving him in, a sea of waving flags blaring horns and lifted voices. Steve had tried to stay out of his way at the following dinner but the General had cornered him, curling his long fingers around the barrel of his wine glass as if it were a neck as he inquired after Steve’s boy’s.
“The children already got their gifts. This one is for you Bambino.” Nonna said, drawing Tony’s gaze back down from the upstairs. She handed him an oddly shaped parcel wrapped in paper. He felt heat sting his cheeks and something uncomfortable twist in his chest.
“Captain Rogers, Mr. Bukhizen. I trust your journey here went smoothly?” Loki asked and Steve nodded in affirmation as he gestured for the pair to follow him toward the sitting room where they found Siv already sitting and Thor standing near the window, staring out over the lights of the city. He turned at the sound of their approach, a welcoming smile stretching his wide mouth but Steve noticed a sobriety to him that had been missing at the ball.
It came in many forms too. For some resistance looked like aiding undesirables in defiance of German law, and for others that looked like publishing and sharing news that had been declared fraudulent and amoral and the sharing of was punishable treason in the Reich.
"I volunteered, because I couldn't spend my life on my knees. I believed an Austria for all Austrians was worth my life. I will never stop believing that." Stefen snapped, falling forward suddenly to brace his hands against the desk, the words thick with anger as his hands clenched against the dark surface of the wood.
“Wars are not won on battlefields, Stefen, they’re won in boardrooms. Your enemy only retreats when the cost of waging it is too high.” Tony replied, sharp enough to get past Stefen’s defenses. Drawing blood drew the heat of his stare, but there was no mistaking that they were both present, seeing each other in their entirety. “Soldiers die meaningless deaths. You need to learn to look higher, Captain.”
Tony looked to Stefen for answers, not liking that sound at all, and Stefen leaned over him once more to stroke Artur’s brow, concern etched deeply onto his face.
"Is she Austrian?" Tony replied without turning around. "Turnips, onions, carrots. We won’t go hungry."
He had to get to his family! She wouldn’t stop him! Nobody would stop him! Dimly Steve registered pain in his side as she kicked at him, untangling herself franticly from his flinching hands and scrambling away from him like a crab. She stopped feet away when Steve made no move toward her, instead pulling himself up on shaking arms and wobbling legs.
The house felt quieter than a tomb to Tony as he walked into the dining room that morning, expecting to find the children already sat down for breakfast. They were all there. Dressed and ready for another day. If one didn't know any better, it would be hard to believe what they had been through just days before.
Lodging was scarce, even for those lucky enough to have the money to pay for it. Rooms filled quickly. Religious charity was stretched to its limits as beds filled, and poor houses began to turn people away.  Those who could not find shelter camped in the market square together for safety. An influx of impoverished foreigners came hand in hand with an influx of crime, and police retaliation.  It did not do well to walk the streets alone, especially at night, but there was danger even in the daylight.
Bucky had tried his hardest to help Sara get undressed but to both their surprise she’d become resistant and then something bordering on frightened.
“I have nothing for you little Grandfather,” Bucky shooed the animal with a fleeting moment of amusement before continuing his search. A little more digging and Bucky turned up a tin cup buried partly in the straw.
They walked quickly keeping to the side streets to avoid the late traffic. It was sparse, due to the curfew but it was only just after eleven, and there were still a number of official reasons why someone might be journeying home late. Though it was dangerous to strike before the city had gone to bed, any later and the less believable it was that someone their age had a legitimate reason for being out. Not that it would matter much if they were caught in the act.
Then, clothing changed and wet things hung to dry Tony wandered back to the camp and busied himself going through the rest of the supplies in order to begin the prep for supper, doing his best to drown the others out.
It was Steve’s job to live through this. His life now was pain. Escape seemed impossible up against the trial of staying alive. Steve wasn't sure what was going to give first, his mind or his body.
“Tony?” Maria’s small voice whispered in his ear, the little girl leaning back in his arms to look up at him with hopeful brown eyes. “Does Vati get to come home now?”
Erhard slid a leather-bound folder across the desk toward Tony and Tony stared at it for a moment, trepidation filling him like the thing might be a snake coiled in the grass. But they were all waiting, all watching, so he had no choice but to open it and examine the documents inside.
Tart flavor burst over his tongue, shocking his senses momentarily before the taste turned to ash in his mouth. He kept working his jaw, grinding the fare into thick mush and swallowing by route. He hadn’t eaten in over twenty-four hours now. That seemed important.
Sudden banging jolted Tony’s attention away from the letter he was composing and back to the window. He thought for a moment that the shutters on the window on the left side of the bed had perhaps sprung open again but a quick glance assured him that his handiwork was holding fast. It took him a moment to realize that the sound he heard over thunder and rain was knocking, and that there was a child’s voice calling thinly from the other side of the window.
A sharp knock interrupted Steve's concentration and his pencil stilled. He halted as Bucky swept into the study without bothering to wait for a reply, quickly shutting the door behind him. Steve saw that he had an envelope clutched in one hand and could tell by the return of the brisk militant nature of his step that he'd brought news. Bucky might seem more carefree than Steve himself was but Steve knew he could still easily fall back into the role of a soldier, without even realizing it. In it's own way it was comforting to know he wasn't alone in that aspect.
"They're going to check your briefcase Stark." Bucky pointed out, impatience in the bark of his tone.
“Don’t you think you should be asking their father first?” A voice called out over the excited young voices and they all went silent turning to watch as the Captain approached them. Tony’s eyebrows shot up, because after how vehemently against the whole affair Stefen had been to begin with, it had not surprised Tony any that he hadn’t come with Pepper to see them off.
Bucky didn't look the slightest bit uncomfortable or sorry to suddenly be the focus of Tony's attention as he ranted. The man’s mouth just tilted upward in a half sort of smirk as he crossed his arms and shrugged.
It was snowing. Light fluffy tufts of the stuff drifting down from the sky past the windows of his bedroom. In the mountains it had snowed constantly. Steve could almost have grown to like it for the quiet stillness it brought, and the deceptive spell of warmth that it settled around their shoulders. But there were so many dangers that came with the snow. The loss of visibility and the chance that you might not see your enemy sneaking up on you. And always, lurking at the back of all of their minds, was the fear of when it stopped. When everything turned to ice and the temperature plummeted so low their breaths froze in their lungs. The lucky ones fell asleep while the snow was still falling and simply didn’t wake. Dying after the ice had set was slow, the minutes sluggishly sliding past while your mind left you and your heart slowed.
Steve blamed the sight of Bucky’s violin resting at the bottom of his trunk as he replaced their dry clothing on top of it, for how his memory haunted him the rest of the morning.
“I won’t!” she spat, tasting bitter salt. She tried and failed to tug away from him when she realized it was tears dripping down her cheeks and flooding into her mouth. Horrified shame knotted her stomach as she gulped for breath.
Consequently they weren’t there when his guard fell and those little nuggets fell out of the jumbled bag of puzzle pieces that made up his past.
“Ships, Cap. Docking empire, I grew up by the sea.” Tony relented, offering as explanation still off balance in the conversation.
He rubbed his chest trying to keep his breathing down. He rubbed over his skin, maping over flesh and bone as he grounded himself in the moment. He was here, in the dark of his room. Not back in the snow, staring down at the body.
Could he really say goodbye to two of his oldest friends, knowing he was leaving them to face whatever was ahead alone? Bobby and Johann were going to the officer school. Harry’s mother was still refusing to allow him to go but who knew how long she’d hold out to the pressure from Harry and the rest?
He wanted to see Tony even though it was the last thing he should want. But then again he wanted a lot of things. He wanted to hold himself up in his office and sleep for years. He wanted so many things that were out of reach. He shook his head and forced a smile on his face.
“What the hell did you do to yourself?” He continued softer than before this time in Rromany, the language of their people slipping easier off his tongue than either the German or the Polish they’d learned ever could.
The kitchen was warm and busy with the sound of work, which was the sort of quiet that Natacha liked best.  Free of chatter and empty words and no call to think up responses to them. It was especially lovely that afternoon, with the doors propped open to allow the sound of her siblings at practice in the music room to float in. Charlotte had the staff very busy preparing for the Christmas party. They’d practically invited the whole village, and the maids brought the gossip with them that everyone was much looking forward to the fact that there would be a winter concert after all. Tony had her siblings practicing hard when he was not seeing to their father, but Natacha had lost patience for it and had recused herself to go help in the kitchen.
“Did someone say something to you?” He asked gently. “We don’t need to- seven’s enough, yeah? I’m not going to let them bully us into this.”
Meanwhile his seven-year-old was leaning forward, blue eyes shimmering with fearful hope as he pleaded, "Can we really come to Vienna with you Father?
Steve glowered. He clenched and unclenched his hands, wishing that ridding himself of the unfortunate sense that Tony was making was as simple as beating it back. But there were things you couldn’t punch away.
Bucky tensed. The mistrust he’d felt for Stark back in Vienna intensified as he regarded the man with a carefully blank expression and Stark just stared back at him.
“If I have Harold drive you in the morning, do you think that will give you enough time to get the children packed and change your lesson plans?” Stefen was asking and Tony blinked away the haze of his thoughts.
Frauline Werner never said her Father’s name. She didn’t even say his title. He was just her ‘father’. She said it with sympathy, like it was something Natacha might be embarrassed by.
Stevie had nattered on about showing his feelings in the rom way, and like a perfect fool Bucky had assumed they were for his fiancé! “
“I- I’m not suggesting you go back to Dachau.” she rifled for something in her pocket and withdrew a paper ticket a moment later. “The train station. I’ve purchased you a ticket. Toward Switzerland as far as the line will take you.”
Well, you've made it through the next leg of this epic. We're dying to know what your thoughts are. Steve is off to the army and there go our blissful summer days. But there's always Berlin to look forward to eh. I hope you forgive Bucky and his problematic self, but in his defense this really is a shit show. :P
“But how did you get these plans?” Steve wondered, fear jolting through him. God if Tony had stolen these, someone would have noticed. They’d figure it out and they’d kill him.
2. We have nothing but MAD love for Peggy Carter though so we've done our best to give her real "life" within the story. Exactly because we didn't want her to be "Steve's dead wife" mentioned once or twice in the first few paragraphs and forgotten by chapter two. Even though only fragments of it will ever be mentioned in the body of the story we sat down and mapped out their backstories and lives together up until her death, so that everything that Steve does now is only possible because Peggy lived. In keeping with her character, our Peggy was a brave woman who defied many of the conventions of her time, as well as her social class, in order to serve her country as well as find happiness with someone she loved. She was here, she made a difference, and because she was here they helped rebuild their nation and built a beautiful family.
coming back and when he does I’m going to tell him how you said we were stupid and how you tried to make us wear curtains!”
“Surly you didn't come five hours early to discuss my son, Herr General? I'd hate to disappoint you.” Steve bandied back.
“And he’ll be worse if anyone finds out.” She warned under her breath. “He’s too outspoken, Ian. He isn’t popular within the Party. You heard those stupid girls. Where do you think they get their ideas from if not their parents?”
“You can come get me Maria! I wouldn’t let anyone hurt you.” Artur told her, puffing out his chest. Turning pleading eyes to Steve he asked, “Can we try now?”
Silence settled within the study as Obi contemplated the picture Tony had painted. Tony waited, his blood thrumming hot through his veins, nerves on tenterhooks. He was at Stanislov’s mercy, but Tony was confident in his play. Confident enough anyway.
Natacha had been quiet ever since they returned from their camping trip. They'd woken in the morning and uncle James had made them breakfast and though Péter had tried to chat with her Natacha had kept to herself. Eventually he'd given up. They'd gone on a hike as a part of their lessons for the day and Herr Stark had quizzed them on the name of the mountains and the types of things that lived there. Natacha had not volunteered many answers. There was a buzzing in her head, it had started out quiet. Just whispered questions after that story father had told them, but the whispers had grown louder and louder until her head was filled with an angry buzz.
They were light little touches, barely anything to make a man’s limbs go weak and steal from him the strength to stand but Steve had to lock his knees just the same when Tony looked up at him through the dark fan of his eyelashes and murmured.
What were Cameron and Daniel doing up at this hour? Perhaps they couldn’t sleep and had come for something to drink – but no, Péter immediately tossed the thought aside. Natacha would not have woken him up for that.
It was overwhelming, but he was getting a better handle on it after he’d embarrassed himself their first time around. He wouldn’t falter like that again. Tony wouldn’t have to sooth him like a babe when he should be the one that Steve was taking care of.
"No one believes what he said about you." Steven's said, but his eyes told Tony a different story. They said 'I know the truth, and I don't care', and a moment later Tony knew why as he finished with a kind of painful earnestness. "Your service won't be in vain. Your work will save lives. That’s what matters."
Stefen was jerking at the button on his slacks as the back of Tony’s knees hit something solid and Tony gasped, startled. The couch he realized in a daze as Stefen pushed. He let himself drop obediently against the cushions.
Ian hung back, not vying for attention or to edge any of his siblings out of the way so he could take a coveted spot next to the captain. Tony knew that look in his eyes. It was the same one he’d seen in them the day of Stefen’s big promotion, when James had broken and then ridiculously tried to shove back together his beloved book.
Baroness Schrader stood beside him now, somehow managing to look just as elegant and formidable as she had at the start of the evening despite games, races, and dances. She was watching the Captain dance just as avidly as Tony was, but there was something in her eyes that made Tony nervous. It was both soft with the familiar agony of longing, and sharp with hidden daggers.
Tony let that rest. He could feel Stefen looking at him but did not look back. He didn’t want to know what he’d see on his face when he did. Instead, he leaned back in his chair and smiled. Might as well let them all see who he was.
"Pay them and get them out." Stefen cut her off, frustration chorded tight through every word. “I told you I did not want strangers in my home.”
“Yes, Sir.” SSgt. Zimmerman nodded curtly, watching the tray of food like a hawk. They stood in silence.
"I imagine we were trying to be." Péter smirked with a knowing leer and Stefen gave him a warning look as Artur wrinkled his brow.
The captain nodded and took the plate from him. And because Tony wasn’t a fool he kept watching him expectantly, bright smile in place, until good manners demanded Stefen actually begin consuming the sentimental little gift. Tony was even happier to see that he didn’t just stop at the one, that apparently his mother’s favorite afternoon treat had found favor with Rogers.
It was reassuring in a small way to know that Bucky was so fiercely intent on protecting the children. He doubted very much that devotion extended to him, but Tony could take care of himself in the event of unwelcome visitors. He was not truly worried about the looters coming out this far into the country, and he suspected neither was Bucky.
No, Steve couldn’t do that. He pushed on, his head too heavy to lift, it was everything he could do to just keep lifting his feet. He needed... he needed....
Artur was asking James as they hurried down the hall, “How do you think chickens stay cool then under all those feathers? Don’t they get hot like us?”
Steve jerked, slamming back to the present so fast it left him with an uncomfortable feeling of whiplash, his whole body tight with nerves. Tony gently touched his elbow and Steve looked down to stare at the fingers of his hand, dragging in a deep breath as he found his ground.
“Charlotte’s maids don’t like it when we speak Italian.” She said, prim and adult like. “I don’t think she likes it either. I heard one of the maids say that Italians are dirty devils.”
“You mean those funny looking things are supposed to look that way?” Joshua shot back with a wide grin as he warmed up the instrument. Turning toward Stefen and Bucky he prompted, “After you gentlemen.”
me to wear something like that for you?” he questioned, letting his voice drop low as he leaned in close, loving the way that Stefen’s breathing hitched in his chest and his fingers dug into the sheets.
Steve reached for his gun and fired once into the air directly above their heads. It was enough to make the Hitler Youth jump and scramble backward, wild eyes focusing on him. He could see them taking in his size, his uniform, trying to decide what to do.
“I understand it might be difficult to trust someone who lied to you about who they were.” Tony started with a jerk when he realized Coulson was talking to him now. Looking right at him and speaking in that dry familiar tone, that Tony was realizing he’d probably never hear again in this life.
Stefen breathed out a harsh breath and pushed his chair back abruptly and wordlessly strode from the room. Charlotte kept the smile fixed on her face and reached for her coffee, content as she could be with the way things had ended. Stefen hadn’t contradicted her and that was all that mattered.
Charlotte took charge in other ways, competently directing Virginia and Milthide in heating blankets to keep the children warm (the furnace was struggling with no one there to monitor feeding it) and heat water for washing. The women preoccupied, left Harold to mind the children (when he wasn’t roped into some form of labor too much for the women to handle on their own) and Tony to argue with Steve.
"Mi occuperò sempre di te,bambina." Tony told her, reaching to smooth her hair back and cup her cheek. His voice was low and serious and Maria clenched her hands in the skirt of her dress, feeling itchy all over as she glanced fearfully around at the dust and cobwebs. She didn't like getting dirty, but she couldn't leave yet. Not until she was sure.
Stefen’s hips juddered against him and he came suddenly with a strangled gasp, and then unable to keep holding himself up he slumped down, body laying heavily over Tony’s.
Tony made them stop to eat the sandwiches that Willamina had packed first and Steve’s growling stomach was grateful.
“Who could tell, with how besottedly you gaze at me,” Jan quipped with a roll of almond shaped eyes. “You should smile Captain, or people might wonder why you bothered to dance with me at all.”
Steve put his weight against it, feeling for any give. The door was sturdy, it would hurt him but he could get it down and that was all he needed. He threw himself against the wood, barreling into with his shoulder. Something had come loose inside him. Each strike more frantic than the last as he threw himself at the door like someone crazed.
Péter peddled to a stop feet away. From over the small distance Steve could see his breath rising and falling as if he'd raced all the way home from town. He knew the moment Péter caught sight of him. Péter's shoulders stiffened and his movements become stiff as he went about putting his bicycle away. Steve took a seat on the step and watched him, his stomach churning in knots.
If it didn’t (and there was so much, so much, that could go wrong) at best, they would incite the very war they were desperate to stop. And that was the very least of the consequences.
What was eating at him? Tony wondered and James seemed to be wondering the same, openly eyeing his brother who was staring off toward the camp.
“I’ll have these orders ready for you by tomorrow Captain. Enjoy your evening with your family, but on second thought, the girl who does the running has not been well. Can you come by early to pick up your things?”
Tony turned back to Ian, intending to tease him some more when he caught a real look at the expression on the boy’s face.
“It’s the artillery.” Stanislov admitted with a disappointed sigh. “We can’t figure out how to get the firepower he wants without sinking the damn boats, and we can’t produce the boats fast enough anyhow.”
"We all have our questions to ask of the world, but some of us; some of us are brave enough to seek the answers. And you Péter Rogers are nothing if not brave." Tony declared softly, eyes holding Péter's in a way that made something go loose in his chest and feel close to blubbering like an infant.
“It’s a horrible waste. Hugo was a good friend.” Luzzato mumbled mournfully under his breath as the exhausted group made their way down the beach, unapproached by the few men they encountered along the way. They were on the outer edge of the city, near the parkland, where the quarry stones were covered in lush flora and palm trees. Over the tree tops at higher elevation, he could see the rooftops of a cluster of residential buildings. The boats that were tied here looked like leisure vessels. Steve doubted they had seen use in months with the men at war. He wondered briefly who Hugo had been, whether he had a family somewhere who would have to be told. Did they know he had given his life to smuggle Jews into France? Would they be proud if they knew, or horrified?
Tony nodded along as she spoke, mind at work trying to figure out a way to fix this. To save them all. Stefen could be an imposing bastard when he wanted to be. Tony was confident he could buy them a bit of time at least.
“I want to tell you a story.” He began. “But this is not a story you can tell anyone else. Not yet. It isn’t safe. I’m trusting you both because I know you’re old enough to understand that. One day, when it’s safe I want you to tell the others.”
“It’s beautiful Stefen,” he admitted, looking up from the heavy piece of adornment to meet his lovers searching gaze. Stefen looked as if he’d been holding his breath, the tension in his shoulders slowly easing as Tony spoke. “But you’re right, I don’t understand.”
Tony shivered. A dangerous trek through the mountains with seven children in tow (in freezing temperatures no less) would be fraught with its own perils. There was a high chance they wouldn’t make it, and he wouldn’t put the children through that for anything if he didn’t have to.
“Please, stop. You mustn’t!” a shout burst from behind the closed door of Rogers room, the housekeepers voice carrying a sharp note of panic that sent a jolt up and down Dvorak’s spine.
The coffee house was understaffed. It didn't take a genius to see the way the staff scrambled to accommodate the size of crowd. The clusters of university students who had apparently made the café their headquarters for the morning instead of attending class were nothing compared to how busy the place could get in the height of summer, but the neighborhood had suffered heavy losses after the Nuremburg laws went into effect and the few waiters left on staff were struggling to keep up. Steve took another glance out of the window, eyes flickering over the dreary street. The buildings all looked gray and washed out. Winter's slow approach draining all the color from the city. Or maybe it was in the air, the residue of tragedies running through all their veins.
“Is there any other choice?” Tony stared hard at him, rising from the old chair his grandfather sat in every night after supper to rest old bones and tell the children stories. “Your English is serviceable, but you don’t speak French. What would you do if something went wrong on the way to Dunkirk?”
"We've a lot of people to feed." Bruce replied simply, as if that explained everything. Though perhaps it did for Bruce, because a moment later the older monk had reached out to still Tony’s hand nervously tapping upon the table top (he had not even realized he was doing that, so caught up in his own thoughts) and shoved a blunt knife into his palm. Tony glared at the tarnished little knife and Bruce's mouth titled upward in a faint smile.
"Stefen," he gently called the man’s name, but you'd have thought he'd gone screaming into the middle of the huddle without his clothes on by the way the conversation halted, and everyone stared at him aghast.
“You have to,” Artur whispered, clutching Maria's hand in his and sucking on the fingers of his free one anxiously. He was too old to still be doing that, Ian thought distantly.
“Did it not occur to you how crushed they will be when your wild claims turn out to be nothing but daydreams?” Pepper berated and Tony couldn’t keep his silence any longer.
He felt stab of pity, reminded once again of the children’s isolation. Why a trip into town was proving an absolute marvel for the little ones, as if they’d never been. From all that Tony had heard about Péter's illness and how it had kept him from public school he wouldn’t have been surprised if Péter had not been outside the grounds of his home all year. In a way, he was almost as cut off as Tony had been at the monastery.
She seemed to have forgiven him, at least to be civil enough to spend the day with him and her friend, whom she’d introduced as Miss Anamarie Adler. Though she was also from Salzurg, Anamarie was as different from Gwen as could be. The two were like day and night, with Anamarie’s dark brown hair and moss green eyes with their permanently cagy gleam.
There was, Tony realized. The final piece clicking to into place, his new utterly crazy (perfect, beautiful) plan fully formed in all its bold audacity.
Peggy had loved the idea of counting endlessly the likeness of the one you loved. Would she think it so beautiful now, the way his head spun around in circles counting all the ways in which he loved Tony Stark? He didn’t know. Worse he didn’t care.
As agitating as Stark’s coded jibes could be Steve was hungry to hear about them, and he could not deny that he looked forward to the post as the brightest spot in his weary day.
“Turn me against whom?” a very confused sounding Stefen asked and Tony and the others jolted, turning to see that Captain Rogers and Herr Bakhuizen had returned from town, obviously confused to find the three of them shouting at each other in the center of the hall.
Bucky, ever antagonistic, shrugged and grunted a simple yes. Tony resisted the urge to kick them both.
Steve leaned back against the wall, gaze flickering over the marks and inscriptions, the pleas and rants, etched by the others who’d inhabited the cell before him.  It was as if the wall was shouting at him. Louder even, then the screams that came up from the basement.
She knew why she'd said it. She said it to crack the mask of resolve on his face. She'd wanted the words to explode inside him like a bomb and make him fall apart. She'd seen him fall apart before. She could put him back together. Her mother had done it and so could she.
“Frau Hogan says father stood up to an entire army and got shot. Was he really that brave?” he asked, voice tiny and muffled what with his fingers back in his mouth.
“Harry I’m sorry. I really am.” Péter said, reaching for his friend but Harry just shook his hand off and stormed back inside the ball room, forcing Tony to step quickly out of his way.
"Don't leave me out now. What do those words mean?" Tony's voice asked from the door, startling Steve.
“Stefen! Have you gone mad?” Tony barked, struggling to get free. Though Stefen’s step faltered as Tony’s arms and legs kicked out he showed no sign whatsoever of either remorse or heeding him. His grip got tighter if anything and Tony saw red. What the hell did the man think he was doing?!
Artur, it seemed had the same reservations as Péter, but the contrast between them couldn’t have been more painful, because Artur was all trust and innocence. He was still so eager to place his faith in his father where it hadn’t been earned.
“Well you were wrong.” She hissed, turning sharply and hurrying down the steps once more. Ingrid and Sophie called goodbyes after her but she did not bother to reply. She was glad to be rid of them.
“Then as we’re about to graduate, he goes and gets himself engaged to the Von Trap girl, and all of a sudden the rumor circulating is that he’s a polish born Austrian.” Dvořák sucked in his breath, flicking his tongue against his teeth. “It helps to remember that, when you're hoofing across a mountain with him. He was born for hard labor, likes it, that’s just the way his kind are, he can't help it."
Péter could have just said a healthy 'fuck you' and saved them all time. But as he was Peggy's son as well as Steve's he wisely kept his mouth shut and his gaze blank.
The warden gestured impatiently to Wolfe who stepped forward to begin searching their belongings. Clint relinquished his briefcase to the unnamed soldier who reached for it with a hard stare, and Tony nearly kicked him. Now was not the time for posturing.
That at least seemed to bring back some of the good cheer, James grinning gleefully in delight, his legs swinging so furiously under the table his chair creaked and groaned. The captain glowered at his friend, looking somewhat betrayed, but nodded.
Tony realized with an ache so deep opening in his chest he was afraid he’d fall into it, that he needed to look the captain in the eye and know that Stefen saw him, all of him, and that if Stefen could not, his heart would not recover.
"Jews, rounded up in the riots. They should be hanged for what they caused, but the Reich is merciful. If they hand over their properties to pay for the damage and leave Germany post haste, their crimes will be forgiven."
Tony took the warning for what it was and reached for the offensive little thing. He made a show of pocketing it. There was that unreadable flicker again in the captain's eyes and Tony wondered if he might not have blown his chances here before he’d even really begun. Rogers clicked his tongue dismissively and to Tony’s complete surprise he let the matter drop. Rogers did not strike him as the type to back down however so he did not count on it being a regular occurrence but he appeared content not to press the issue. Indeed the man turned and without any real acknowledgment to his children headed for the hall, murmuring as he departed for them to carry on.
“Tony did you steal from the Naval Office?!”  he barked and Tony, infuriating asshole that he was, rolled his eyes heavenward.
He remembers this part. In Berlin, slowly surfacing from sleep at the feeling of warm pressure against his back, Tony’s body covering him gently. Thinking muzzily that he’d never been so warm in his life. Never felt so comfortable and so tired, but in a good way.
“I agree Herr Stark.” Stefen glanced down at the four boats bobbing about in the water and frowned. “Is there room?”
“I had to give her a good enough reason to stay, didn’t I?” Charlotte replied, gazing out the window but eyes not really focusing on anything present. “She doesn’t approve, you know.”
Coming up: In Nice, Steve and Tony meet up with Carol D'Anvers of the "Baker Street Irregulars" who drops a bombshell. The Germans plan to move on Norway earlier than anyone thought. Will Steve make it in time to save Prince Thor? What happens to the children now?!
Tony intervened, pulling Artur off of his older brother with a scold ready at the tip of his tongue. “Hey! Alright that’s quite –” Only for James to lunge up at him from the floor and sink his teeth into Tony’s arm like a furious cat, bruised face scrunched up in fury.
“Maria is just like me. There’s nothing wrong with her.” he insisted. The man scribbled something on a piece of paper and muttered in reply, “Tell me, was your mother close with your father’s friend Herr Bahkhuzien?”
“He was seven. He was her favorite I think…” Péter answered for him in a subdued way, and when Tony opened his mouth to say whatever reassurances you said when a child said something like that, Péter’s mouth just twisted into a lopsided smile and he shook his head. “It’s okay Tony, I know she loved all of us. But Ian’s named after our great grandfather and that meant a lot to her. She used to say that children are the only way to cheat death… whatever that means.”
Of course it matters. Are you mad?! You want to thumb your nose at the Nazis, you know I’m behind you. But this is too far! You can’t give Charlotte that!”
"It will be alright." Stefen repeated, a stroke of the intimate coloring each word and Tony could feel his eyes imploring Tony to look up. When he did, he found Stefen looking back at him. Solid. Sure. Beautiful.
The walk was tense and awkward while Khalmmer chatted away and Steve mostly failed to come up with satisfactory replies and then finally, mercifully, they announced the start of supper and people started shifting toward the dining room to be seated. Dinner itself was a gut clenching affair. Steve had stared down at his trout, drowned in butter sauce, and trying not to commiserate too much with the creature as he contemplated the hook he wriggled on, wondering more and more if he’d suffocate before he could tear free.
And since the boy insisted on shepherding him to the Abbot’s office by pelting him with small stones, Tony considered it a show of his own maturity that he only just barely decided against the former.
“What do you mean? Is Ret in trouble?” She began but she fell silent when Steve shook his head in warning. Mouth settling in a firm line she bent to scribble the last of her notes with a decisive scribble.
“Burn it down! Burn it to the ground!” A young man standing on a crate nearby urged the crowd. He had a thin wooden baton in his hand, and wore the uniform of Hitler’s youth. It was an absurd sight. The boy in his brown shorts standing upon his box, teeth gleaming as they reflected flames, egging on a swarm of men and women twice his age all snarling like starved animals over a carcass.
They’d made Hammer the caretaker of the estate. The rest of the staff had walked out in the morning, learning of Stefen’s arrest and his fortune now in the hands of the state. Even though Hammer had promised them they’d all continue to receive pay, they’d walked out and not returned except Virginia and Harold. The butler had been so enraged by the embarrassment of having the entirety of his staff quit at once that he’d tried to sack them both the minute they arrived; but Pepper had just dared him to try and take the keys from her.
Bucky looked quite put on the spot but he rallied quickly. "Yes. Anya, Péter. What on earth are you doing here?"
"I told you I’d help you if you let me." Tony repeated. "You don't have to do everything on your own, you..."
“What did she say to that?” Steve wondered, because hearing Charlotte say it like that, all prim and cool, it just made the whole thing sound so cold blooded.
“He was breaking into the house Herr Stark!” Natacha informed him, not taking her eyes off the other child as he righted himself and got gingerly to his feet, one hand pressed to the side of his head.
He could hear the man moving inside as he climbed. Heavy boots thudded across the cabin floor, creaking the wood. Something that sounded eerily like a broom scraped back and forth in methodical bursts. Cleaning? Tony wondered as he made his way as quietly and carefully up the side of the structure as he could. He didn’t know the SS were in the habit of doing the housework before they arrested you.
"It's good to see you again Nigel," Stefen replied as sincerely as he could manage while his eyes scanned the crowd for an escape route. They snagged on Tony who was coming towards them and his shoulders sagged in relief.
Oh, Tony thought, startled. Though he was happy to see he’d been right about his estimation of the young woman’s spunk. He admired her straight back and the gleam of determination in her eye that told him she wouldn’t be changing her mind, unhappy father or no.
Steve nodded, reaching for the discarded letter from Schmidt requesting his attendance at the meetings to be held in honor of the royal visit, all those official as well as social. He handed it to Bucky over his shoulder as he set the letter from the Prince aside and resumed his drawing.
The baroness held a hand to her mouth, delicately trying to mask the smell, and addressed the young woman, a Julia, instructing her to finish up and the doctor would see to Rogers.
“No.” Stefen’s answer was brusque. Tony felt Stefen’s body flinch and watched him take a breath before he replied again, with painstaking deliberation. “Margrit and I were waiting for her to be old enough.”
"Yes." Bruce admitted quietly, "The abbot thought the captain was sending his children abroad, and I thought you'd take the first opportunity available to leave the country."
Maybe it was a good thing they had practice today, he thought. The children needed to get out of the house and out from under their worries. Music was a good distraction for them all.
"Move! This man is a priest," Tony heard him bark, more command in his voice than he'd ever imagined his gentle friend was capable of. "You're not supposed to touch the priests!"
Unable to resist he scurried over to the chest, decorative pin in hand and set to work. It was tedious work, and Tony was aware of each second that ticked by risking someone passing the study and perhaps hearing him. He worked as quietly as he could, methodically maneuvering the pin until he’d effectively jammed the lever inside just enough to lift the latch.
Throughout their life Bucky had dragged Stefen into trouble and out of it again. Stefen always gave as good as he got and Bucky never loved him an iota less for being small, or sick, or half gadje. They were brothers. That was the law, the code Bucky had lived his entire life by - and for Stefen to ignite the fire of their funeral with this last fucking torch without telling him!
“You can’t or you won’t? You can’t fight every battle Stefen. It’s not on you to save Austria, but you do have a responsibility to save your children. They don’t need a martyr, they need their father!”
“Well I didn't know what would happen either!” She stuttered, her face going a little red. “He should have known better. You have a heart condition!” She flicked the page aggressively.
The very next day Tony left the bank with Nonno, a quiet rage simmering under his skin. A newsboy standing outside the doors handed him a flyer, and Tony crumpled it in fury after a quick glance confirmed it was a public warning against ‘
“Well, in any case, I hope you and your Alex have many happy years to come.” He said, decisively raising his cup to her and she smiled gratefully in acknowledgment, biting the corner of her lip to suppress a giddy grin.
"There were good men on both sides of that fight," Deiter couldn't resist speaking up. "The Major has always believed as I do, that all men are deserving of fair pay for their labor. Deserving to feed their families, to clothe thier children and send them to good schools. I may not agree with the methods the socialists employed, but we can all agree that a nation is only as strong as its people are strong. Good leaders remember that, and good leaders know the benefit of extending mercy to the adversary when it means lives can be spared."
"Do not Herr Stark me, and shut up if you're not going to say anything worthwhile." Tony growled once more in irritation, turning form the man to pace, because if he didn't pace he was going to possibly hit him or worse start kissing him again. He’d kiss the man and never stop, never let go of him so he couldn’t go off and get himself killed.
“Steve, what is this?” he’d demanded, and something about his gobsmacked expression had pushed Steve over the line of horrified at Stark’s childishness to down right amused.
Her father did not give up. He wouldn’t have come back without Bucky and without Tony unless there was no bringing them back. He hadn’t said it, but a cloak of mourning had settled over the villa all the same. At first, he rarely moved from the chair but when the telephone rang, and messengers started coming to inquire about his whereabouts he moved to his study and locked himself within it for long hours at a time. He only came out at night to watch over Natacha and her siblings as they slept.
“He needs a proper beating,” Steve whispered back as they were guided to their seats. He took a deep breath and did his best to resume his calm, but he couldn’t resist adding, “Only a coward bullies a child.”
Not necessarily Bucky’s, though he couldn't imagine another person he’d feel safe enough to fall asleep next to, just... someone. Another body beside him solid and warm and reminding him that he was still alive.
He’d been clear! The room wasn’t to be touched! Everyone on the staff knew, so how was it that this one man had turned the entire house on its head in the space of a month! Had Virginia just let the man run amok? It wasn’t like her but damn it all if there just wasn’t something about Stark that got under the skin. Even Steve had begun to soften towards him of late. Well no more. It would end here. Antony Stark was going to learn his place if it was the last thing Steve did. If he could bring an entire company of unruly soldiers into line he could certainly cow a monk!
“We’ll call the police of course, what else would we do?” Magda grunted as they worked, trying to relieve the pinched look her sister was wearing.
He and Bruce didn't talk much during the ride, in favor of huddling close and conserving warmth, but Tony heard him occasionally muttering fierce prayers that carried the distinct cadence of curses every now and again and had to smile. He was going to miss Bruce. He hoped when all was said and done that they'd see each other again.
“She worked real hard my ma,” Stefen said after a few minutes, the weight of missing her heavy in each word.
“Speak for yourself Stevie,” Bakhuizen, ever a surprise, practically growled setting his cutlery down with a clatter. “I’m on vacation. I think a trip in the woods sounds fun.”
“It’s not funny!” James sounded like he was headed towards one of his blow ups, and Steve wondered at it, but thankfully Tony said something that calmed him down. Something about big boats having armor and being safer. Steve agreed with Bucky that a floating tank wasn’t exactly
“What are you doing skulking about in the dark?” He asked, picking up tempo. “Something spy related?”
Stefen’s fingers brushed Tony’s in a gesture that might have been accidental as he took his trunks from him and Tony’s breath hitched. The spell was broken as Stefen moved away with the trunk and cool air rushed between them, but Tony’s heart didn’t seem to know it. It leaped somewhere up into his throat and made itself very difficult to swallow around.
It was wonderful that Stefen was putting more of an effort into being there for his children, but Péter was at an age that saw much, forgot little, and was particularly good at holding grudges. He wasn’t happy with his father and even after what had turned out to be a wonderful trip (perhaps even because of it) those feelings unresolved, had few ways but to manifest in bouts of rebellion.
“The apartments are simple, so don’t expect nothin fancy but they’re clean. I’ve had my girl Alise in here cleaning nonstop since the police gutted the place. The Jews tried to hide their valuables in the pipes, thinking they was going to come back for em. You believe that? Poor bastards. Had to lower the damn rents due to the backed-up plumbing.”
“Poland’s still got the Jews holed up in internment camps – won’t let them leave the border towns.” Bucky announced, lifting his eyes up from the news cast as they walked in, eyes locking with Steve. “They’re starving, and the Germans are shooting anyone desperate enough try and escape back this way. The Brits are down there, trying to feed the poor bastards. Though to hear the Reich tell it, they’re all actors.”
Steve ignored their squabbling to give Virginia a kiss on her cheek and whisper his thanks in her ear. A holiday breakfast had not been that warm or lively for years and seeing the people who had shown him so much loyalty through the ups and downs, happy and well cared for, brought a lump to his throat.
The rioting was like a tide going in and going out. One moment the street outside was quiet the next, someone had started a fight or broken a window and the wail of fire engines would shatter the stillness.  They were doing everything they could, a neighboring tenant had assured them, to protect the homes and businesses of Good Germans from the flames engulfing they synagogues and other Jewish establishments.
James and Artur wanted to see the freak show but Tony did not seem eager and Stefen resolutely turned them away when he spotted a tent at the entrance with a bright painted sign out front that heralded people to come have their palms read.
“That’s an understatement. No Martin, there’s nothing for it. We’ll have to let Obadiah have his prize.”
“When circumstances forced him to make a choice between donning a uniform and his family’s starvation.” Tony interjected with a grimace. “He’s aware, and he’s worked very hard so that you’ll be lucky enough never to have to even get near such a choice. It’s okay to be lucky, Peter. There’s nothing cowardly in the good fortune of a parent who spares you unnecessary pain.”
So much time out in the sun was bronzing her skin and had brought out a smattering of freckles on her nose. It had been a few years but he was glad to see that hadn’t changed.
“He seems to enjoy being that way lately.” Tony couldn’t help but point out. Not that there wasn’t plenty of reason flying about to send a man to his cups, but Bucky had fallen into a noticeably dark mood. Even darker than usual. His eyes staring into the unseen, a cup or a bottle never far from reach.  They might not be bosom friends, but Tony couldn’t help but worry.
Tony was so quick and clever, surely, between the two of them they could keep the children clothed and fed. Steve thought they could do anything as long as they were together.
She said it as if it was nothing, as if they were discussing the weather, but the ball of tension that had been sitting coiled in Tony’s gut for hours began to unravel and he had to brace himself against the door because suddenly his knees were weak.
“Oh, but it really is time don't you think dear?” She insisted with fixed cheer. "You'll have to report to your new posting soon, and we'll want to have the deed done and the children moved before - "
“The Captain has already done what he can.” Daniel stated, stepping forward with more confidence now that he saw they really weren’t going to run and get their father. “The Germans dumped our parents in Poland and nobody knows or cares what happened to them next. It could take your father months to find them, and he has his own family to worry about.”
Ian had lain on his bed, his books spread out around him, for what felt like hours. Artur had come in what must have been right after dinner, still smelling of Willamina’s cooking and after cooing a bit at Mon Ami in his frog cage about how they were all going to be fine (as if the frog were the one with the worries) his younger brother had curled up beside Ian on the bed with a book of his own book.
Or at least it seemed that way to Tony, that Stefen was the only fixed point in a great swirling blur. There was nothing but Stefen’s hands on his skin, hot and firm in their touch, and nothing in the world so important as his gaze, in all its darkness as the black of his eye swallowed blue.
Martin Pavlok’s secretary was a strange girl. Pretty in the English fashion, but not at all some demure garden flower. She’d been actively flirting with the handyman who had come to fix the piping problem since Tony had sat down, what seemed now like ages ago. In truth there was a foul odor hanging about the little office, as if someone had upended a toilet.
After a long pause he added, “The Führer is concerned, and he wouldn’t be a good leader if he didn’t attend to his soldiers.”
"Are you sure?" Harold hedged, Tony glared at the back of his head. "I've heard some of the stories their telling now, but my folks used the stuff for years. You don't really think it could hurt -"
“You should pack.” Ian stated decisively, his voice gaining strength. He’d still miss him but Peter should pack.
“No. And I’ll remind you Herr Stark that there are ladies present.” The lieutenant looked around at those left in the hall with a penetrating stare, his tone somber as the grave when he finally spoke again. “We know that your father intended to betray his oaths and desert his post, and that he would have abducted you and taken you from the fatherland against your wills. We have that on the sworn testimony of Henry Osborne.”
Ian came running up to meet them, biting his lips with worry, and it didn’t take long to figure out why as he pointed. And sure enough, he was sitting with his back against the door, shivering despite the blanket someone had obviously been kind enough to wrap around him. James was still outside, and had been now for hours.
“We’ll know when he’s back here with us, that’s how. Your uncle Bucky and your father’s friends, they’re going to help him.” Tony crossed the floor and lowered himself until he sat on the edge of the bed. He beckoned for them, and Sara and Maria immediately crawled into his lap, laying their heads against his chest. Artur and James stayed where they were, staring at him with wide wary eyes. Tony reached slowly and placed a hand behind Artur’s head. When the boy didn’t resist, he pulled him close, and pressed a kiss to the top of his head. Artur shuddered and curled himself closer with a tiny whimper, winding his arms around Tony like little vines.
Stefen chuckled dryly and Tony smiled, though it made him sad to think of them so young and so often going without. His childhood by contrast seemed obscene.
When he’d returned it was with a pair of pistols, one of which he tossed to a startled Péter and the other to Tony.
“Fuck- Ian is a child. Damn it let - Stop this! And stop putting unnecessary weight on his shoulders!” Tony panted, bucking and twisting until he’d finally gained enough leverage to jab his elbow against the larger man’s temple. He grinned viciously as Stefen grunted a curse and his grip on Tony’s lower body slackened. Tony slid to the floor and nearly toppled over again, but managed to catch himself on the wall of the narrow hallway.
He remembered it with the precision of perfect recall. As clearly as if he’d walked into the next room only to find himself enclosed in the infirmary’s office once again with Bruce, candles burning low and the dust thick in the air, the rustle of pages superseding the low groans of wounded men in the beds just next door.
“Tony no!” she screamed as Tony slammed the radio against the wall with all his might, pulled back and slammed it again, and again, until two pairs of arms were grabbing his and pulling him back. The radio fell to the floor in a broken heap, and Natacha was there on her knees scrambling with shaking hands to try and collect all the fragmented pieces. Péter and Ian were on either side of Tony, gripping him, staring up at him with shock and horror.
“I won’t tell them how long he’s been here.” Franz returned with a snap, but Steve could hear the thread of uncertainty in it. Steve risked looking back and saw that Magda’s gaze had gone harder. She straightened her back, her voice trembling as she declared firmly into the silence stretching between her and her brother. “I will tell them.”
But he was here with Steve, offering ice of all things, and not ratting him out to the hundreds of SS in and around the house. Why? He wondered not for the first time.
“I’ll alert the captain and ring for the doctor.” Hammer stuttered before scurrying off.  The officer meanwhile nodded, already moving to assist Tony in lifting Natacha who promptly clamped her arms around the young man’s neck and squeezed like a limpet.
Tony wasn’t going to survive the Rogers family. He was certain of it now, but it was fruitless prayers he mumbled into the chilly night air rather than bitter curses as he followed the tracks Ian had left in the snow.
"I've got a feeling I’m going to regret this." The abbot sighed, rising slowly from his chair. Tony followed him as Farkas left the room, eyebrows arching upward in silent surprise as he recognized the route the abbot was leading him on. It led towards the abbot’s private quarters, a place Tony had never been allowed to go before.
“There is an option, but I don’t like it any more than I think you will...” Tony hesitated. When Steve looked at him there was a dark cloud hanging over his expression, his mouth shaping into a pensive frown of contemplation. Steve jerked his eyes from Tony’s lips and fixed them firmly on Tony’s. His mind was a trap, and too often he could find himself sliding down into fog, or fixated on all the wrong things. It was difficult to navigate all of the traps in his head, but some things were consistent. Tony’s mouth was a danger point. His eyes could be too, but Steve felt steady enough to handle them for the moment.
He wouldn’t sneak back to his study either. For one night at least he refused to be a waif slinking around in his own home in the dead of night.
Steve thrust up into his hand, almost squirming as he stroked from base to tip. He could imagine Tony's hands on him, clever and quick. They'd travel down his body, Tony sneaking one hand in between his legs, stroking his shaft lazily. Tony would be a tease. He just knew it.
James on the other hand had far less on his shoulders. Plopped squarely in the middle of the bunch James got tossed back and forth between ‘those too little’ and those ‘old enough to take care of themselves’.
“This is sadly lacking that, not to mention foam, spice, and the milk has long since cooled. So it really isn’t anything but delicious and comforting. Just as mother used to make it.” Tony extended the plate with the small portion of cake toward Stefen who stared at it and then back at him as if neither of them made any sense until Tony quietly murmured, “She was very fond of the combination with chocolate and sweet cake.”
He’d wait, he decided, and watch a little more. Grabbing the pen and paper again he scribbled a note for Bruce asking for advice on heart ailments.
"Farkas saw an opportunity," Tony continued once he was sure Steve would keep quiet. "To recruit an officer with power, who might be willing to upend Hitler’s control over Austria."
Good enough for now. He knew Tony, and not even a fight for their lives was going to keep him at bay forever. Sooner or later, he was going to want to touch Steve again, and whether his nerves were on fire again or dead as they were now, it would be a kind of agony. But Steve would handle that when the moment came.
“Hello,” Steve murmured in greeting. His voice was not as strong as he'd intended and Péter hesitated, his expression closing off before continuing up the steps towards him.
It was hard to see in the dark but Tony would recognize that accent and that cocky attitude anywhere. Though the boy had shot up a few inches since they’d last seen each other, and looked to have procured a haircut. It was a wonder Bruce had been able to pin him down long enough.
There was something primitive in the way his hands marveled at the flesh, like a sculptor molding clay, gripping the swells in both hands and nuzzling against his neck like a contented jungle lion.
“And you're bringing uncle Bucky back and not the baroness?” Natacha questioned with that same air of suspicion.
“You were always a different kind of bird, Antony. If you believe one thing, believe I never intended you to get trapped here. Do yourself a favor and fly away, before you lose the chance.”
He heaved a sigh, nodding gratefully at Bruce as he sat up from where he knelt on the floor and unceremoniously dropped the rag he’d been using to clean into the bucket beside his knee. His black robes were damp and his hands were wrinkled. He gave his hands a token glance, noting that some of his old cuts had opened and were fairly stinging from the soap. If he was at all mindful of his health he ought to have Bruce take a look at it, but it was late and the quiet reclusive monk who ran the infirmary looked more than ready to find his bed. Although it was undoubtedly Tony’s preferred punishment poor Bruce was always having to suffer whenever someone found a reason to be mad at him (which truthfully, was probably way less often than he deserved).
Father’s face fell. He looked sad now but Natacha would not comfort him. She needed to understand first, needed to know what she was supposed to do in order to ensure his wellbeing.
"Ah Tony, have you met Nigel?" Stefen grabbed Tony by the elbow as soon as he was close enough, drawing him slightly forward to place the monk between himself and Nigel. "Tony this Nigel Frank, He is the new Director for the Salzburg Musical society. Nigel this is Herr Stark, the children’s teacher."
Harold had stopped in the small town of Grien while they picnicked for lunch, and Ian had struck up a conversation with a local boy around his own age who’d been kind enough to let them use the bathroom in his father’s shop.
“You’re not a perfect man Stefen. We all must get lost sometimes. I like knowing you have something to help you find your way home, when you do.” Stefen stared at him for a long moment before his eyes dropped back to the picture. It was another long moment before he spoke, his voice carrying a slight roughness.
He’d gone back to the hotel and when sleep had remained illusive he’d found himself pulling out Stark’s letters again. He remembered getting the first one, thankful to finally be off his feet and away from a crowd. When the desk man had come to deliver the post he’d been eager for news of the children. He’d torn open the envelope and eagerly begun to read, only to be met with pages and pages of the most dull drivel he’d ever been subjected to.
Little Artur sat in the chair next to her, swinging one foot against his chair leg and letting his heel repeatedly thump. Charlotte's mother would have corrected his posture and admonished him with the age-old adage that children should be seen and not heard.
“Alright, alright, bambina I hear you. Why don’t you go play with your sisters?” He waved in Natacha and Sara's general direction.
Bucky, healthy, loud and presumably endeared with the way Steve followed him around their camp like a puppy, had taken the task to heart. The uncles had laughed and asked Bucky who his little gajo friend was and he’d declared that Steve wasn’t a gajo but his prala.
Péter blinked. Tony hadn’t even turned around. Never once had Herr Stark dismissed him so thoughtlessly, as if he couldn’t even see Péter. That was more his father’s style. Herr Stark didn't turn around as he climbed the stairs.
The cabin was just as he remembered it. Steve sucked in another breath, the air like sharp daggers in his weary lungs. His knees had long ago gone numb and his legs like jelly.  Steve was far from healthy, but he’d walked. And walked. He’d walked as far as his legs would carry him and when they couldn’t anymore, he crawled. A few months ago, a trek like this might have been relatively easy. There were only a few clumps of desperately clinging snow drifts on the higher points. The visibility was good and the path remained clear as it wound through the trees. He’d made the trip on foot once before, when he’d been a younger man. It had taken him and Bucky two days. But that was a lifetime ago. Now, Steve didn’t think about time, or anything that wasn’t getting to his family. And when his legs gave out at the end he crawled.
Stefen’s eyes flickered underneath their lids, just as restless as the rest of him but he didn't wake, his body pulling him down to continue the arduous task of healing. Tony carded his fingers through Stefen’s hair thinking to himself with a half-smile that it was certainly getting shaggy. It wasn’t so light, now that the sun was a thing of the past. Gypsy brown peeking through aryn gold and laughing at them all. Some would call it tarnished. Tony thought it was beautiful. But he’d have to shave him sometime soon, the course stubble he was sporting was an inch away from becoming prickly beard, and that wasn't going to sit well with Stefen.
“Some things can’t be put back.” Stefen’s voice sounded like gravel, he cleared it and continued gaze firmly locked with Tony's.
Tony's body coiled tight, ready to leap up as Stefen abruptly stood, his chair nearly toppling to the floor as he strode toward the boy. He did not yell as Tony remembered his own father doing on so many occasions. There was no bluster, no panting and heaving with breathless fury; but there was no mistaking the thud of each step, the predatory swiftness of each movement, nor the glint in Stefen's eyes as anything less than dangerous fury.
Stefen nodded and to Artur who was sitting in his lap, craning his neck to peer up at him he murmured, "Your uncle Bucky will never admit it but he's a romantic. Always picking flowers and singing for pretty girls."
Bucky sat out on the dock, lost in thought as he looked out over the lake. The days passed too quickly now that there was an end in sight, and Bucky was making a point to spend as much time with the children before he and Steve had to depart for Vienna as possible.
"Tony, do you always insist on being difficult?" he drawled after a silent moment, and something warm bloomed in Tony’s chest at hearing his name cross the man’s lips once more.
“Wait. Wait a moment.” He called out in the kind of tone that said he was thinking deeply and only seconds from raising an alarm. He reached out to grab Tony’s arm but Tony jerked sharply away, pinning him with as ferocious a glare as he could muster.
Steve sat, heaving a breath as his ribs protested. The pain was good, he reminded himself, a needed reminder of the dangers of his situation. It would be so easy to forget, lulled into a false sense of security by the familiar and therefor comforting sights and sounds of the cafe.
“There’s no need, I’m here,” Natacha said, appearing from out of the shadows between the neighboring garden wall. Steve closed the distance quickly between them and looked her over with a critical eye. She looked unharmed, but there was dirt streaked on her knees and under her nails. She’d either been crawling on her hands and knees or climbing and he liked neither.
“Indeed,” Rogers drawled slowly, something rough and not at all genteel twanging through the syllables as he tipped his hat at Tony.
Finally, Baroness Schrader straightened up from where she knelt over Rogers’ bed with a small sigh. She walked briskly with her head held high to the doorway. She extended a hand in the direction of Frau Hogan, presumably to guide her along as well, but the housekeeper didn't budge. They woman didn't move so much as an inch as she looked warily back and forth between Rogers and Dr. Fischer, with unmasked apprehension.
Willamina winked and jerked her head toward the back door, which had been propped open with a bucket to let the heat out and the brisk fall air in. The man who delivered the wood always stacked it neatly outside the tool shed.
Stefen took a deep breath and released it slowly, letting the tension drain from his body – blinking rapidly to dispel the betraying prick of moisture in his eyes and refocused on the faces of his children staring back at him without much hope.
“Nonsense, your father doesn't want to sit around being useless-” Bucky began to interject and Steve barked.
That cold sensation creeping up and down Péter's spine had turned into an outright chill, deep in his bones but Pietro said nothing more about it. Silently the other boy shrugged again, climbing to his feet to follow after his sister.
Because hours were limited and classrooms of this sort scattered throughout the city, the children rotated professors and subjects each day. During class, Natacha always sat in the same space under the window. She gazed out it, volunteering little, seemingly paying little attention to what was going on around her. But with Natacha, it was better not to trust in how things seemed.
“Handsome? Debonair?” Tony teased, because there was no better way to pass the time than in the company of a pretty woman who thought you attractive, especially when said woman could as easily throw you back as reel you in.
“I can see that. You look like a smart young man to me. A young man who loves his country and knows his duty. You do know your duty don’t you James?”
Tony swallowed, noting the sadness that had crept back into Artur’s tone. He finished tying the end of the snare and returned Maria’s triumphant grin before he looked back up at her brother and replied gently, “Frau Hogan will take care of the things you had to leave behind. When we get to Pola we will write to her. Maybe we can have them sent on.”
“Kaiserwald. The wood is on the north end of the city, about an hour's walk from here.” He cast a disapproving stare over Steve’s shoulder at the boys. Steve impatiently started walking, trusting that Tony would catch up. But a voice coming toward them in the gathering dark stopped him in his tracks.
Firstly, Rogers might have become very practiced with his German and his high handed ways, but when his blood was hot like this and he let his control slip he slipped into a rough distinctly Slavic cadence that screamed of countryside and ill breeding (and it was just as gorgeous as the first time Tony had heard it).
“Vati!” Sara burst into tears, ugly and vicious. Steve disentangled himself from James and Ian, and now Artur who was squeezed in between Ian and James, and scooped her up, holding her tightly. He grunted as her arms wrapped around his neck, strong and desperate.
"I've got her and a few of my other groups singing at the palace in Vienna next week for the crown prince of Norway."
“Just shut up.” Ian warned him from across the table with a nervous look down to the other end where the officers were eating. For their part the policemen didn’t look any more enthusiastic about that night's dinner than James did. Tony thought he heard one of them mumbling under his breath, “I’m with the boy.”
Stefan held him in a sturdy grip but it was so clear he was out of his depth, Tony’s lips tugged into a smile. The man was hopeless.
Tony left the little girls to be plucked from their bath and squeezed into their dresses by Julia and went to go check on the boys. He half expected to find bedlam, but was relieved to see that whatever magic Péter had brought home with him from school, still lingered. They were all diligently getting into their party clothes with no visible sign of fuss.
“Signor Ventura makes them under the eye of the Rabbi, so it is Kosher. God only knows what we will do if he loses the vineyard.” Nonna said with a fretful shake of her head as he straightened. He raised his cup to his lips once more and took another satisfying swallow.
“This is all so horrible. Where were the police?” the professor wondered aloud. Around. Tony thought in answer but kept his silence.
“Yes.” Tony jumped at the sound of Stefen’s voice, his heart hammering as he turned his head, eyes flying to look in Stefen’s direction only to find those too earnest eyes of his waiting. “Those boys in the story tortured the snake because it made them feel bigger. And there are people, even grown up ones, who will tell you that’s okay, but it’s not.”
“Was tired of your Da always trying to be a hero, taking on people twice his size.” Bucky, dirt and grass stained, was grinning brightly even as he struggled to catch his breath. He limped over to Maria and knelt down to place a smacking kiss against her cheek and rub the top of her head.
She’d marry someone important and powerful, someone like her father who people were afraid to question. She would become the perfect officer’s wife. She’d take care of her siblings and protect them too, making sure no one ever learned the truth just as Father had always done. Because if they did… well, it was hard to imagine what would become of them all if they did. When she tried to picture what Emil would say and do if someone whispered in his ear that she was not what he thought she was, it made her shiver.
“When they are well enough to attend lessons I imagine you must enjoy your pupils.” The woman clicked her tongue and there was something secretive in her eyes that set Tony’s teeth back on edge.
“Including you Tony,” Ian spoke up, nodding to an untouched pile near where he sat on the couch, a book on mandolins of all things open in his lap. At that same moment Hammer and Hogan managed to get the mysterious crate open with a great creak, and a cheer went up as the top popped open. It was a moment before the two men could sort through the packing straw and wrestle out the crates contents. The machine’s body was long and tube like with a rounded head, and had at least two spouts that Tony could see. It looked like it could be as tall as Sara standing up, and almost proud of that fact as it glinted a fine polished silver, the name Le Pavoni etched in elegant gold script on a royal blue plaque.
“You’ll at least let her try won’t you? She fusses so much less if you just let her make a mess of it and then offer a few helpful suggestions, like stockings going on before shoes.” He’d prattled at Pepper before the housekeeper had finally threatened to have Hogan hogtie him and throw him in the trunk, and Tony had felt like an utter goose. Just listen to him, carrying on like a fretful housewife. Was that just what happened when children wriggled their way into your affections? And if so, it was a wonder Stefen wasn’t going mad now that he was forced to be away from them.
“Because you can’t stand Ian and he hates you.” Natacha scoffed in reply, and Tony winced as the boy’s face went an even darker red to match his hair and his face crumpled again with tears.
His eyes darted about the room quickly before he dared to go on. Everyone seemed lost in themselves, paying him no mind but then again they would. Quieter he whispered, “I'm being followed.”
The man had barely finished speaking before James was hurtling at him. He knew that voice! He knew who it was!
“Grazie, mio Capitanio.” He murmured, gently pressing a far more chaste kiss against the captain’s cheek as he drank in the feel of his breath tickling over his skin and the hazy warmth in Stefen’s eyes, as his arms slid around Tony’s body and held him tight.
He clung to the thought as a sharp stab of pain entered his arm.  His breath hissed out of his sore lungs. They were still alive. And so was he. He had to get -
Bucky could be as sour as he liked about Steve's friendship with Stark, but he was not going to let his dark mood interfere with the mission. If something happened to the twins or to Susann on Steve's watch he wouldn't be able to live with it.
“Da?” the tentative voice was bolder this time and Steve recognized it before he’d managed to blink the spots from his eyes and clear his mind. He was in the boys' room. It was an hour or so after midnight. Tony had left for Dachau six days previous. Steve had made a promise to help the children feel secure by getting them back on their normal routine as much as he could bear.
“I’ve only got the two hands and I know you’ll just make the captain carry them.” Harold shot back and Steve laughed when Bucky slowly nodded as if seeing the wisdom in his words.
He was nearly finished when the door clicked open. Steve didn’t bother to look up as there were few servants he employed that didn't bother to announce themselves.
The Rogers children took the task of singing like new born colts, their voices shaky and uncertain as they looked to one another for permission to indulge in the pleasure that was uninhibited song.  But the little ones were so enthusiastic, so happy and eager to lift their voices and shout out over the hilltops that their merriment was infectious and slowly when it became clear that no one was going to appear to judge them, or berate them for engaging in such silliness, their siblings allowed themselves to become equally swept up.
with Rabbi Benaiello, who has been put in charge of organizing the branch here in Pola. They want papa and I to help. They’ll be here tonight at the party to discuss it.”
The mood in the room sobered once more, heavy with the weight of the task set before them. This was an impossible mission. They all knew it when they signed up for it. They faced that risk every time they took up arms against the Reich, but this time the odds were stacked against them. Harrison looked around the room at the faces of the other men, some he’d worked with before, more he hadn’t, but all of them connected by the same man. For years, Stefen Rogers had been leading them into that brink. The first to lay down the fear of death and put himself in the line of fire for their lives. For their homes and their wives and their children's lives.
Stefen had warned, and Tony had curled up tighter against his side on the bed, cold creeping over his skin.
She was not interested very much in motherhood, but she took the duty seriously (as one should).  She found it easier to focus on her responsibilities as Stefen’s wife, a role she felt far more suited for and in truth anticipated with great eagerness.
He was trying as his hands cradled the back of Artur’s head to remember the last time one of his children had called him daddy. He couldn’t remember… couldn’t remember the last time they’d tucked Artur into his bed and called him their ‘little Artry’ either, because there was no
“Is James very cold Tacha?” Sara asked, watched Natacha dip the rag back into the warm water before sliding it over his skin again.
Tony set Maria down on her feet, unprying her clutching hands and shushing her silently when she opened her mouth to protest. “They came up on the road. A man was driving and there was someone else with him. I think it’s a woman, but I didn’t get a good enough look.” Natacha murmured, keeping her voice low and Tony nodded, reaching for his pistol.
Tony glanced over the books but they were all clearly meant for adults. He glanced through the magazines and lighter journals to see what was on offer there. Nothing in the field of Zoology unfortunately, but there was one near the bottom of the stack, it’s title partly obscured but just enough of it visible for Tony to make out the beginning of the word adventure that caught his eye.
“Péter made a lazy assumption because it was easy to do so and he suffered for it. Sneaky on my part? Yes, I’ll grant you that.” Tony admitted with a shrug. “But maybe now he knows better than to listen with half an ear and make assumptions. As for the rest of you I can’t teach you if you refuse to use your brains. So we are done here. You’re dismissed.”
“You’ll be back in time to see Péter off to school, won’t you Captain? He’ll be sorely disappointed if you’re not.”
Tony shook his head, trying to rid himself of the ringing in his ears. The goblin of a butler only smiled and waited.
“I have to get to the Mangfall Alps.” his mind franticly flitted through alternate plans. It would take eons on foot, too long, but if he couldn’t board a passenger train perhaps one of the supply ones. He and Bucky had hopped more than a few supply trains in their day to get around, back when they didn’t have money.
“Hey, hey, Artur relax or we’ll all be going for a swim.” Bakhuizen warned even as Tony sharply whistled for the boy’s attention and gestured for him to sit.
The bitter ache in his chest threatened to crush him for a moment, until Tony took a deep shuddered breath and buried it down into the crevasse of his heart.
“Don’t. Stop!” Steve whipped around, panting heavily, straining to find the owner of that voice. A burly figure stood in front of him, one mitted hand flung out as if to stop him, the other clenching a small knife. From head to toe they were clad in men’s outerwear, but the stricken white face bundled under that headscarf was decidedly female.
If they were broadcasting from a major station it wouldn’t be much of a problem, but anything weaker and Tony wasn’t certain. But he could mitigate that with a strong antenna.
With Natacha finished Susann hurried back to fetch a leather bound journal from behind the counter, quickly scribbling each child’s name and writing numbers next to it. Steve followed, as nonchalantly as he could.
“No, no. It's a secret for now, but it's gonna change things for the captain here, I promise you that.” Bucky insisted with a cheeky wink for Dobas.
God Stefen was probably going to lose his mind, blame Tony for not watching the children closer or something equally ridiculous considering
“Munich. I got tired of the city.” Bucky finally answered him when his plate was cleared. The man jumped, surprised to be spoken and met Bucky’s wide grin with a wary nod. “It is a nice town. How is the work?”
Tony had barely finished when the oldest boy (the sick one) was already clicking his heels and marching forward to reintroduce himself with his nose in the air and the straightest spine Tony had ever seen on something that wasn’t a book. He certainly didn’t look too ill to attend school.
Steve clenched his jaw tight. She was right of course. Completely right. He wasn’t thinking. He was acting out of emotion, out of fear. Had been for months now. He couldn't seem to stop himself though. He'd not seen a bed in what was approaching fifty hours and his body and it would be a while before he recovered from General Schmidt's warning. Even his writing, when Steve looked down at it, was leaning more and more to the right, nearly off the page in a sloppy lope. He blew out a rush of air, suddenly so bone weary he felt he could have melted through the floor.
“Stef-,” Tony began, but there was a clamor from downstairs and then the sound of several pairs of feet stomping up the stairs. He saw it in Stefen’s eyes, how his heart jumped up into his throat at the same time as Tony’s did, because Hogan had apparently brought home a herd of elephants. Tony was at the door a moment later thinking that those had better be
Tony forced his thoughts to clear and focused on his work. The work was delicate and it needed his full concentration. His
“So really, what you want is for me to monitor the children like I’m the SS. Why not just put them back in school?”
“But your Da, people saw him different. So we’d go to the city and he’d get work – and he’d tell them I was his brother so they’d give me work too. We worked until he was too sick to do it anymore.”
The table was silent, save for the sound of laughter and Bucky realized it was him laughing like he’d lost his mind. He pushed himself away from the table, still heaving with laughter, ignoring the concerned stares aimed his way.
“The boy went to the dragon’s parents and told them that he knew where their son was, but he would not tell them until they give him the magic stone. The dragons screamed and threatened him, spewing great columns of fire, but the boy kept silent. Finally, the father dragon agreed and gave him the magic stone he kept under his tongue.
“Because I designed the armor and the weapon.” Tony confessed. He’d told Stefen of course, how he’d signed away Stark Industries, but he hadn’t gone into detail for exactly this reason. “The metal I developed to fortify my workshop and the formula for the high-powered explosive I made when we liberated Bruce and the others from Dachau, I sold them to my godfather to buy our escape.”
Stefen’s Grandda Ian had taught him too, though many people had wondered why, even sneered at the idea. No respectable Roma girl would have him. Poor Stevie had a greater chance of sprouting wings than to find a Roma girl, and no gadje girl would want to live their way. No one wanted a didikai for a son in law. Wasn’t that the truth of it? Wasn’t that why his prala had put on this gadje skin and buried his past – so that Margrit’s family would accept the marriage, and the children wouldn’t know what every good gypsy knew? Rejection was the bread that filled their bellies.
He didn’t doubt that Bakhuizen was devoted to Stefen, but absolute devotion was absolute. It made a man’s spirit tremble and his teeth gnash, but kept his hands steady as he pulled the trigger.
That was when he’d discovered his children crowded around the monk singing - what? A bar song? - something about goats on a hilltop in the dead of night, Steve felt like he was looking into a scene straight out of a mad house.
Stefen was looking at Tony intensely now, as if he intended to bore through Tony’s skin with his eyes. “It is your birthday, Tony?”
Tony was pushing his luck, he knew it, but in all honesty the man was kidding himself. No constant supervision, hah. That was exactly what the Captain wanted. Tony couldn't wait to see what the curriculum guides looked like. With a father so unabashedly militant it was no doubt little better than Führer propaganda signed and stamped with tiny swastikas.
Rogers, who was being held up on either side by two men, struggled to lift his head. Managing it just barely long enough to meet Schmidt’s eye as the general finished his speech. His eyes looked glazed with pain, but there was a fire in them, a violence bordering on the rabid.
What if he’d been more injured than Steve thought and why hadn’t he checked? What if more men had come to demand Jews come out? What if he’d decided to go back to the abbey anyway, despite all their warnings? Where was he?! Steve needed to know and he didn’t know! They needed to all be together, but they weren’t, and Tony was…Tony was
“They’re very sensible like good little Austrians Maria, and Artur you’re correct. We have ourselves a fine young man here to add to our habitat.”
Steve bit back his retort and took a breath. He had to remind himself that Stark was not a soldier who followed orders, who understood nuance and delicacy. He was an impetus monk who very well might have been raised on the side of the road. Steve had firsthand knowledge of what that looked like and Stark was not far off from the gregarious nomads he'd spent the beginnings of his life with.
Steve had anticipated this sort of response just not so quickly. He forced himself to unclench his jaw.
The truck full of soldiers was sticking half out of a deep crater, nothing but a burning ruin behind them where great plumes of dark smock was rising from the wreckage.
“Are we leaving?” Artur poked his head out from where he was seated behind James, squeezing his brother’s waist impatiently.
"God in heaven."  Jann muttered the prayer under her breath and Charlotte smiled wanly, with no mirth behind it. She reached inside her purse for the map she'd come to deliver, which had been folded neatly into a small pocket square, easily slipped into the brunettes' hand along with a few coins. Anyone who happened to be watching would only see a wealthy woman providing charity to a beggar.
For a moment they all stood frozen staring at one another. A sound in the hall behind him got Steve moving. He shut the bedroom door behind himself with a slam and then marched past the other two occupants of the room and did the same with the windows, latching the shutters.
“I’m on my way to meet with General Striker and simply must get this in the post before then. The ladies will be so happy to hear that Frauline Rogers is to be joining them. She’s a delightful girl. You must be very proud of your student. She speaks highly of
“Tell him to be quick about it this time. How is anyone supposed to work with that horrible stench?” Muttering under his breath Pavlok closed the door behind him and sighed, gesturing for Tony to take a seat opposite his cluttered desk with the hand holding his spectacles. “Silly chit. Can’t fire her I’m afraid. Her mother is a cousin. And truth be told, she has a strong head for figures.”
The lodge was bigger than the one Ian and his family were staying in. It looked out over the valley, and there was an old fence running around it to keep the goats in the yard. There were lights burning inside and the yard looked well-tended, in a way that made Ian think whoever lived there lived there year-round. There were clear pathways between the shed, the trough and the latrine; and the snow had been shoveled around the base of the home and packed down by consistent trod back and forth.
. How quickly the unbearable weight of fear rushed back as soon as his brain slowed down enough to allow it. Like a cold breath on his skin.
"Can we sing about our favorite things?" Maria asked hopefully from where she was squeezed between Natacha and Charlotte.
“His name is James. It’s where you got your name from. Didn’t you know?” Péter asked and James huffed.
are the reason he’s still here. When a builder meets an inflexible material, we tend to just bang at it until it fits into our plans; with varying degrees of success.”
Stefen’s jaw tensed, but he didn’t look surprised or taken aback by the question. Right. James would have called him as soon as he sobered. They were loyal to each other in a way that defied reasoning.
This is the KNIGHT at the INN, reaching out to our friends at the CASTLE letting them know that Auntie is in our prayers. Nephew will get the flowers. What is Wendy’s schedule?
“Artur!” Tony let the boy drop onto the grass with a heave and a thud, gasping for breath and trying to blink the spots from his eyes. He couldn’t panic. He wasn’t a scared boy in the woods anymore. Yinsen wasn’t here. Yinsen didn’t need him anymore because Yinsen was dead. These children needed him.
"But then we all must reap what we sow, isn’t that right darling?" She mused thoughtfully, considering her work with a satisfied smile. "You're going to destroy yourself, and I'm only sorry that your children will be caught in the middle." The words felt delightfully cruel coming out of her mouth and as pleasant as a sigh of relief. The tension she'd been holding inside for months, all her fear and her worry for him, cut away like strings and falling away from her at last.
He glanced once more at Stefen, noticing this time that the tips of his fingers were stained black. There in the middle of the room with his bare feet and dirty fingers sipping on his coffee he should have looked ridiculous. But of course he didn't, Tony sighed. The word adorable came to mind, and promptly made his brain feel like it might melt and leak out his ears.
“Why didn’t you want to apologize sooner James?” Maria asked, her little eyebrows scrunched in concern. When James drew his knees up and didn’t answer she looked to Natacha and then to Tony for an answer, but Tony’s throat was too tight to speak.
“I don’t doubt that.” He murmured in reply, keeping his tone light. “It is not every soldier who receives care from Himmler's best. I’m not under the impression that Himmler would send you to see to
“If I waited for Stefen to have time to squeeze in an audience with me I’d be waiting until you two have single handedly helped Austria avoid war, or at the very least sorted out this mess with the twins; and as I said Herr Bakhuizen what I have to say will not wait.” Turning back toward the captain Tony held his wrists behind his back like a proper servant and demanded with no hint of subservience, “Shall I say it now in front of James or would you prefer this be a private discussion?”
They were listening to one of their parent’s old records, he realized somewhere in the middle of his storm of thoughts as he and Pepper burst into the room.  The children were so wrapped up in their merriment that for a moment they continued, laughing gaily as they spun and danced about. Wanda was holding the hands of the two younger girls and spinning them in a wide circle, and somehow, Pietro had pulled Natacha from her gloomy mood enough to convince her to dance, the two of them grinning at each other as she showed him the popular swing steps she wasn’t supposed to know.
The truck slowed around a curve and Steve coughed viciously, wheezing into his hand. God please stop. Stop soon, it was too tight and dark, he was going to suffocate. Somewhere in the far reaches of his mind he knew he wouldn’t, that he had enough air no matter how stale and sharp it was to breathe. It didn't matter.
She stood in the open doorway clutching a stuffed bear in her arms. The toes peeking out beneath the hem of her long nightgown looked pale with cold and the blanket she clutched around her shoulders, dragged behind her like an oversized cape only emphasized the lack of heat in the house.
Speaking of barely contained aggression, the Captain turned on his heel and held open the door, eyes boring into Tony with silent command. Tony resisted the urge to scuttle from the room like a cockroach and cocked his head ever so slightly. Despite the air of tightly coiled fury emanating from the captain it was broad daylight. He was not going to die. No, not here. And even if he was, he refused to die toe heeling to anyone least of all this man, this
Harold was saying something about how the bulk of the riots had not bothered to come out this far, but a few synagogues had been burned. A truck full of men had come by, looking for Jews but there were not many this far out in the country. Steve kept watch because he knew better than to relax. Refused to even. He had too much to protect.
"Tell him if you have to, but between you and me I wouldn't put all my eggs in that basket. I don't know how much longer the old dog is going to be master here."
Releasing a breath of smoke Bucky shook his head and knocked Steve’s shoulder with his. “Well don’t you think we ought to teach them a thing or two before we just toss them out of the frying pan?”
For a moment, thinking of her, Bucky smiled; but then as the grim memory of his conversation with Charlotte became starker and starker in his mind it bled from his face.
“I can cannibalize most of the parts I need and build it in the attic. I can design it to be unobtrusive.” Tony assured him, his heart pumping hard with the thrill of newfound purpose. His thoughts were racing because in truth, he had no idea how he was going to accomplish that but he wasn’t about to back down from the challenge.
“Father, may we?” Natacha stepped up to her father’s side with a respectful dip for the General. “It would be such an honor.”
“I have friends in London. That is, if you find yourself in need of a friendly face...” Steve hedged, no good at holding coded conversations and wishing he could simply tug Janneke out of the dance hall and have out with it. “You might look them up. I’m sure they’d be happy to show you around.”
In the back of the truck Clinton let out a whoop of victory and Tony’s eyes met Bucky’s in the driver’s seat briefly as they both grinned manically at each other. Had they really just done that?
“Both.” Tony admitted with a pained smile. “If it makes you feel any better, I need it to be true as much as you do. My parents sent me away too when a war broke out.”
“Bucky.” Feeling their gazes Steve nodded a greeting to Bucky and then in the direction of the monk. “Stark.”
“That’s not what we agreed!” Hammer immediately protested, his face turning red. “I was promised the estate would be mine! You were there Stevens! Tell them!”
“Father would want us to have cake if he were here,” he agreed confidently, assertive in all things to do with sweets and yummy things to eat, and Tony smiled, his heart aching as he murmured agreement. “Yes. Yes, he would.”
Beside Steve Bucky finally spoke up asking, “What about the Jews? The niggers and everyone else Hitler’s says has to go. We doing right by them?”
Tony jerked violently out of his fantasies as Pavlok’s office door swished suddenly open, and the skinny solicitor stepped halfway out into the reception room, his disgruntled scowl melting into an expression of startled surprise as Tony stood from his seat.
The children insisted on riding every ride, but the biggest hit was the merry go-round. Steve was happy to watch from the sidelines as they went around in circles, but he let Tony pull him with them when they discovered the joy of the giant swing. Observing Tony in the seat beside him, eyes bright and hair windsept with the most childish grin splitting his face, Steve wished furiously that he’d thought to bring his sketchbook.
She’d been as small as Maria when Father had first brought his mother to live with them. Harry used to make fun of the way she talked but Mother had said that was just because the Osborns were stuck up. Baka wasn’t wealthy and she was foreign and people looked down on that sort of thing. But Natacha had always thought there had to be more to it. She wished she was wrong but she knew she wasn’t.
“Alright.” Tony finally agreed. He wondered if they’d regret it. Just because a boy learned to fight, did that mean they had a right to ask him to?
