"What's your problem?" Dean shot at her. Cas touched his hand.
“It was stupid,” Cas said. “I wasn’t thinking.”
He wasn’t paying attention to her answer. He looked around; there were class photos hanging on the walls in an outstretched line. It wasn’t long before his picture would be on one of those; just a couple of months. Maybe by then Dean would be long gone.
“Seems like it,” said Castiel, reading the date.
He didn’t know how much of that Chuck got from his words. For all he cared, his father could take his opinions on whether he should or shouldn’t move on and shove them up an elephant’s trunk.
Meg looked up at him, and Castiel could swear, there was murder in her eyes.
“How? The kingdom depends on you, Castiel. Not with killing some stupid spy boy, but with ruling in honor and making tough decisions when you have to. Imagine being a king, and falling in love with every man you have to kill!”
“You made a
Cas was gifted in a lot of ways. Smarts. Sharp observation. Good looks (though Dean might be biased). People skills were not one of them.
“Yeah.”
"If you're..." Erh, how did Dean put this? "If you’re
The monster pushed the ship away, until it started floating in the direction it came from. Dean wondered what its crew mates would think when they woke up with a headache, and with Dean nowhere to be seen. And then he wondered what it must have looked like from the side: Dean fighting for his life, losing the fight, and being saved by a giant black stuffed animal right before he was about to be captured. The monster took another look at him and at the seaweed hanging from his head, and left.
Chuck’s words were strange, if not disapproving. “Maybe,” he said, “Things would have been better for everyone if this whole thing had just never happened.”
Dean’s face turned to stone. Bobby and Ellen eyed him.
And he thought, maybe he should give Halloween another chance. With Cas by his side, it didn’t seem so bad anymore.
“Huh?”
“What is it?” Sam asked to Castiel’s left. Before he could answer, Dean lifted his palm as a sign for them to be quiet. He stared at the page for a long moment.
been holding his breath for a while. A year, or a couple. Very quietly, he said,
“Someone from school?”
“I will now introduce the bride to our king. All hail Dean, son of Earth!”
“Huge twat,” said Dean.
Charlie shook her head and took a seat beside him. “Forget about that. You’ve got almost a week. How’s the poem going?”
“No, thanks to my ninja stars,” Dean grinned. He put the lightsaber away. “So what’s our schedule?” He asked.
“Sober,” said Chuck. “Though sometimes I wish I wasn’t. You know what it’s like.”
“She’s a couple’s therapist,” Dean said when the page loaded. “Ooh!" He leaned back in his chair. "We can pretend we’re a couple!”
No. Not she. He did this to himself. He played every bit the obedient kid who didn’t trust himself to know good from bad so he put his decisions in other people’s hands. And he was still doing it while thinking about doing it.
It wasn’t an excuse. Dean had been so invested in hunting, he’d stopped doing anything else. He dropped his job at Crowley’s, and he’s missed several work days at SPN High. This case didn’t give him a rest; people kept disappearing, sometimes at a rate of two or three a week. The only reason he was even here was that he hadn’t visited Castiel in a week and a half, and as it turned out, their time together was cut short by one of them falling asleep with his mouth open.
Dean sighed. "I guess you're right." He sent a hand to dishevel her hair, and she leaned away to dodge it. "Smart kid. Where did you get that from?"
“Fear,” Castiel suggested.
Unpacking the boxes took some of the morning, and staring into air took most of the rest. Charlie arrived at noon, along with a fresh crowd of customers.
Why was this happening? They didn’t even drive off the road.
In no time the chest was placed in the middle of an eager bunch of faces, and Dean was sliding down the totem using a rope wrapped around the other side of it. He landed smoothly, as promised.
Cas: it’s alright. It’s just my jacket.
Meg had warned him to stay away. If his mother knew anything about Cas, she would probably lock Dean up in a tower and make him grow his hair out to be able to pull her up through the window.
"I don't buy it. He's hiding something," said Dean. "We'll find out what it is." He looked back at Cas. "You good?"
And with that, he went down the stairs and strode past the row of princesses, who straightened their dresses and fixed their hair breathlessly as he passed them by.
tone, "You look upset."
“You too,” said Garth. “With your... what did you say her name was?”
“Yeah, well, I don’t either,” Dean cut him off in a mutter. Another moment of silence. And then, very quietly:
“We know that,” said Dean softly.
"So now you're cool with...?"
A hand touched his elbow, then, and he turned around.
Dean’s eyebrows furrowed with worry. “The hospital wouldn’t let you stay because nothing was technically wrong with you, but I didn’t know what to think. I didn’t wanna leave you – I didn’t…” He shrugged, at a loss. “I didn’t know what to think.”
Castiel smiled. “I know.”
Castiel let out an evaluating huff. Dean let go of his nose and lightly felt around it, as if testing freezing waters with the tips of his toes. It didn’t look like the game would resume soon.
“Well- what do you think they'd say when you see them next time and you're wearing a wedding ring?”
“Yeah,” he said. “Matching ones.”
“Jimmy, maybe you can help?” She asked. He snapped out of it and looked at Dean.
“I’m not chewing on it, am I?”
“Is that…”
“I don’t know,” said Dean. “But it sure as hell doesn’t look natural. Do you think we should-”
Meg poked his arm. "Dude."
Didn't mean he wasn't curious.
“I told him to wait outside. Come on, I’ll carry you.”
"I didn't."
“I wasn’t looking for her,” Cas insisted. Dean’s expression hardened.
for once, next thing I know she’s telling me how unconditionally she loves me and I need to explain to her that I’m not
“I’m not,” Dean said pointedly. “I was just... being too noisy for him. And then instead of apologizing, I blamed him.”
“It is.”
"Dean. Winchester."
Mary’s eyes narrowed to slits. “Have you been drinking?”
motion. “It’s for your own good,” she said. “And, in Satan’s name, for the good of the people you text.” She grabbed his phone. “What’s the passcode?”
“Thank you kindly,” said Dean. “And thank your parents for the gender-ambiguous name.”
time. You dated a bunch of people before us, didn't you?”
“Yeah, no, I can’t,” he said. His plan was brewing in his head just as the words were coming out. “I have a…”
Dean didn’t.
Anna put her hands on her hips. “I’m doing it.” And she made her way toward Dean.
“Not really. He told me to tell you merry Christmas.”
“Do you really think I’d be fighting your brother,” said the clone, throwing another punch at the boy, “If I weren’t one hundred percent sure it wasn’t really him?”
“I’m not reading poetry,” he replied quickly, almost automatically.
“Really?” Dean asked. He knelt down to rummage through his duffel bag.
“I suppose it wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world to go,” Cas explained. “I don’t want to shoot you down.”
“Yes,” he said. He opened the textbook.
He pulled out of the driveway and into the road.
“I think it’s safe to say we’ve got issues,” Dean insisted, for credibility’s sake. Beside him, Cas nodded, which would have been helpful, except it was kind of stepping on his point. Would’ve helped more if Cas yelled, or maybe threw a palm-sized plastic plant at him, but he didn’t know how to signal that with his eyes. “We're spending Valentine's Day in a therapist's office. If that's not rock bottom, I don't know what is.”
Charlie left, and he got into bed feeling like a traitor. Feeling like a traitor for even considering it.
“Waiting for your girlfriend to call?” Garth lifted his eyebrows.
He was wrong.
“You’re a big boy.” Mary crossed her arms over her chest. “You can handle being in a class you don’t want to be in.”
He turned to watch the kid. She was making fun shapes out of salt gun bullets.
“Maybe she just really looks like her.”
He let out a long exhale. “Fine,” he told Bobby. “Then I’m not the one telling him.”
“Nice teddy bear,” she said, gesturing at Timothy with her head.
“Okay,” said Cas, and with his next sentence, Dean finally saw where he was getting at with this fiery look in his eyes. “Then you make my decisions for me.”
“Cas,” he said; his tone feigning composure, his eyes fixed on the chest.
“Yep. Easy, right?” Charlie looked at him, eyes bright.
Someone reached a hand to spin the bottle another time. Dean cleared his throat quietly, and smiled at Castiel self-consciously, and watched the bottle spin to a stop. The next victim started taking her shoes off to fill them with foam; but Castiel couldn’t stop looking at Dean from the corner of his eye.
and he went out to the fire escape and dialed the number.
He turned to leave, and a piece of paper on Dean’s desk called his attention. “What’s that?”
Dean put down the gun and took a look. He took the journal and flipped through it. “Oh my God,” he said and waved his brother over. “Sammy, come check this out.”
"Remember the year there was a snow storm-”
Dean focused on his hand wiping his nose in the mirror. He didn’t want to tell Cas what he really thought. That he didn’t mind the stinging in his lip and the burning up his nose. That he wanted this fight. That it gave him a few moments’ control over his life. That it gave him a choice.
“Remember the job I applied for last week?” He asked as Dean took his seat beside him in class.
off the shelf and, carefully, opened it.
“Alright. Don’t laugh.”
She could be so fucking cynical sometimes. They were at a quiet corner by the front door now, and there was no one around to hear them. Not that it mattered; no one would have cared enough to eavesdrop on them anyway, but he still felt better knowing Charlie couldn’t embarrass him in public by repeatedly yelling out the name of his crush.
Dean’s heartbeat quickened. He looked off into the distance, watching the view and pretending to see it.
Dean cleared his throat.
Castiel got out and went after him.
Dean tossed and turned in his sleep now. he shook and screamed and woke up five or seven or eight times a night.
The Demon wrapped her arm around Dean’s leg. There was a hard
When he got into the driver’s seat, Dean pouted at him. “Will you stop bonding with people over how annoying they find me?”
Dean turned to Jack, and cleared his throat. "Jack, listen," he started.
They both glanced at Claire, then.
“Aren’t we a ray of sunshine today.”
Something in Cas’ expression hardened; or maybe it just fell. “I don’t think so.”
Dean nodded, his expression blank. “Alright.”
“You’re no fun,” said Dean. “At least let me help.”
Dean eyed him with one eyebrow arched up, but Castiel shrugged. “I guess I could ask Garth…”
They looked down at her blankly.
Maybe he
“It’s… nice.” The quiet way he said it – Dean thought he knew what he was thinking.
Cas’ lip twitched. “It is lame to dress up when you’re past five.”
When he walked out, fifteen hostile, vengeful pairs of eyes rose to his face.
“What?”
“How are you doing?” He asked halfway through the ride.
“Okay, um, I’ll- I’ll see you,” Dean stammered at the door, letting go of his hand, only to pull him into a last quick kiss.
Cas didn't back down about the cookies.
…No way.
For a moment, he almost thought Dean looked at him with a sort of admiration.
“You don’t want to do this,” said Dean.
He looked around the room and sighed. There was much more to do than he’d imagined. He hadn’t thought packing one room could possibly take more than a day. But it wasn’t just packing. It was organizing, and sorting, and throwing things out, and finding things you didn’t even know were there-
Ms. Mills recounted weird-sounding traditional foods in the background. “…Latkes, fried cakes, kneidlach, rugelach…”
“Down it,” Cas said, still surly. Dean recalled all the many times Cas had spit seaweed onto him, and began to see why.
“Alright. Currently, I’m closest to you.”
They watched him expectantly.
“You scared ‘em off without lifting a finger.”
In his back pocket. It was in his back pocket.
“Probably not this,” he said.
later, and his days become an anxious wait for Dean to write him back. And this is so very different from the past years of waiting for the second his inbox updates. Any of their next emails could lead to Dean telling him how he feels, and then him telling Dean he feels it back, and then…
He forced a small snort. "How come?"
“Would you like to schedule for a later date? We also have something in four months available...”
"Yeah, we do," said Dean, even though he sounded a lot less dissatisfied about it than her. He handed her a twenty and walked her to the door, waving her goodbye.
“You were saying?” Castiel asked when the waitress left.
“Oh, but I do,” Dean exclaimed heatedly. Only he didn’t. Four years of spending every day in the same room with a guy and Dean didn’t even know what he had for breakfast.
He looked at the stone walls. Dean tapped his fingers on the table.
“You should ask them,” said Jo. “They might say yes.”
... . -. -.. / .. -. / - .... . / .-.. .. -... .-. .- .-. .. .- -.
“Well, you can’t sleep on the couch. It will look even stranger.”
“Yes, they’re good.”
It felt so much the same as it was before. That was the best part.
Cas handed him the book, watching as he flipped through the first pages. Then he spoke in his quiet voice, the one that wasn’t meant to be mean or offensive – or, well, maybe just a little bit offensive. “You really are a nerd, aren’t you?”
It didn’t take long before he saw his father being rolled on a bed into the room, unconscious. Dean burst through the doors some time after.
“I’m going to close the boxes,” he said, thinking it might make Dean lose interest in the list.
“We’re not doing that,” Cas said, and tugged on his arm. Dean’s heart leaped into a pace several beats faster before his brain could even catch up on what was happening. Cas pulled him into the sock section and took two fluffy pairs off the shelf. “We’re sliding.”
“Do you think you're responsible for them?” Asked Castiel. “Do you think it's your job to protect them? Because it's not.” He took Dean’s hand. It was freezing. He rubbed Dean's fingers between his palms.
Dean thought.
“Did you hear that?” Castiel cut him off.
“You don't have the right to be angry.” And of course he regretted saying it the moment it came out of his mouth, because it was a dumb, unreasonable thing to say, but just like Cas’ words did their damage, his words did theirs.
Charlie threw her head back, her eyes widening. “A conversation that’s
Still, he managed.
Dean opened the door before he even had the chance to knock.
“Cas?” Sam propped himself up on an elbow, his voice rough from sleep. “Are you okay?”
“No! It’s been–”
“Huh.” Because that’s not something a vampire would try to do. “So what did you do?”
“Are you sure this is the right way to go? You won’t be able to defend yourself.”
Dean seemed lost at words.
Cas shrugged. “Let’s go.” He grabbed Dean’s arm, and they walked down the hall. Cas’ lips were pursed into a tight line. Dean glanced at him from the corner of his eye, and immediately regretted it. His head was ringing without making a sound.
“Um…” Dean could have literally named any movie, new or old, and he wouldn’t know the difference; that’s how caught up he was with anything pop culture. “Yes.”
“I can walk,” said Dean. His jaw was tight with pain.
And now he felt his feet push forward, past Cas. And he heard himself say, “I’mma take a walk.” He climbed down the stairs and unlocked the front door, grabbing his coat from the hanger.
“I knew something was wrong with the chandelier,” Dean muttered. Someone murmured to his left in response, but when he turned, he didn’t see anyone. Somewhere, a window must’ve been opened; he felt the cold in his fingertips.
“I need a favor.” He turned around to face his father.
“We’ll have so much fun.”
“Wait,” Castiel said when he took a step forward. “Dean, I’m sorry. For everything.”
“Yes. Always.”
And as if she’d heard him write about her, Charlie craned her neck over the table and tried to sneak a peek at his phone. “Who’re you texting?”
The restaurant was, indeed, fancy. Fancier than he’d thought Dean could manage. As they sat down in velvet chairs he offered to split the bill at the end of the night, but Dean shook his head. “No way. First date, you pay for them. Always. Rule number one.”
“Can I sit here?” Asked April. The three of them stared at her.
“Okay,” said Dean. “How do you wanna play this? We have…” He glanced at his phone, then mumbled to himself, counting with his fingers. “Fifteen hours until the test starts.”
“So what, you want to go back there and keep answering all her questions about our private lives?”
“What?”
“You mean, beside the case?”
And all the while, endless questions from Dean. Questions about the treasure, about the garrison, about Castiel’s childhood and home. The curious spark in Dean’s eyes never seemed to fade or weaken. Castiel did his best to pretend he hated those questions.
“I don’t know. Did you turn it on?”
“Ghosts,” Crowley clarified.
Dean stepped closer and lowered his voice. “What if we... kept her?”
at him. He was avoiding eye contact.
Dean shrugged. “Not as drunk as I’m pretending to be.” He was stable in his seat now, with no need for additional support, but Castiel’s fingers were still resting against his chest.
“Don't you just wish you had a date sometimes?” She asked as she collected change from the register into her hand. “Not even a little bit? Someone to watch crappy romantic movies with, or someone who'll write you notes and hold you while you watch the stars on a rooftop?”
but he thought about it for a moment longer and changed his mind.
"I don't know," he said defensively. "People... frown upon that."
He didn’t know, but he had a theory that the hypnotizer worked for anyone giving orders, rather than just the aliens. He remembered looking at Dean before he drank his punch, saying he didn’t want to drink it, and then Dean defending him. After he drank his own cup.
“And everyone in class had to hear for weeks about how you dropped your phone in the snow and your dog accidentally peed on it?" He finished. “So maybe I’m not a decent guy. But neither are you. There’s no such thing as decent people.”
“What can I get you guys?” She smiled. They ordered two cups of coffee.
“Hush!” Dean called. “I am skillfull!”
To her feet, a white cotton shirt.
“My guess is he really liked children,” said Meg.
Instead, he was stuck on the wobbling ship with Sam and Charlie, preparing for departure.
“You do when no one's looking.”
“What are we watching?” He asked as he climbed the bed beside Dean.
“What? That’s my normal voice.”
It’s only been a couple of months, anyway. But in those months, they both clung to each other like they insisted the other would be the one to let go first.
“You’ve worked too hard for your grades to be lame,” said Meg.
“Alright,” Dean said slowly. “Then, why did you take the gold and left the chest up there? And what did you do with the key? There must have been a key. And why didn’t you leave when you had the chance, if you knew you were leading yourself into a dead end?”
“Yeah,” said Dean. “So what did your family say?”
There was that shadow of a smile again. “A brother of hers. Tall, brown hair, who goes here and has a dorm right down the hall.”
“Oh. Well.” Dean took a record out of a box and watched it for a moment. Not quite watched it – saw past it. “I just don’t want her to grow up to be a hunter, you know?”
Nothing happened.
They were friends, he supposed. Well, Charlie called it acquaintances; they traded the occasional homework question and helped each other on school projects. But Dean has always been dreadfully nervous around Cas. (Cas wasn’t nervous. Cas was perfect.)
Dean stared at the numbers, mumbling aloud. “Nineteen, nine, eighteen, five… fourteen, nineteen.”
and tracking Dean’s writing of the lyrics. On July 29
“There you go.”
Dean’s questions became less personal and more practical, which made whatever emotion was raging in Castiel’s chest ease in relief for the time being. He told Dean about the man to whom the treasure belonged, an old Sir I.P. Freely, who had become too long in the tooth to stop Carver Edlund from taking it when he tried. Dean didn’t seem to care much about the injustice in that.  “Pirate life,” he said with a shrug.
“It's not a big deal,” he said.
“Alright, well, I think we’re all done.”
He raised his palms defensively. “Fine.”
“Then why did you invite me?”
“Okay,” he said stiffly, and stood up. “Is that all?”
“Seven,” Dean admitted, rubbing the back of his neck.
“Yeah.”
“So candy isn’t the only thing you steal,” he said idly.
Castiel flipped the pages of his own book apathetically. "Do you always talk this much?" He asked.
And Cas cleaned up good.
“Not the best birthday,” Sam concluded into the silence.
“Were you at registration day?” Dean asked. “There was a…”
“Well, it says she’s a therapist.” Dean clicked the ad, and Castiel moved to sit next to him.
“Can I speak now?”
“Crime baby,” Gordon called as he passed by running. Dean hissed a curse and switched to walking. For a moment, he wasn’t in the school gym anymore. He was in a much smaller, darker room. He fought the smell of blood rising to the surface in his mind and refocused on his surroundings.
But wishful thinking was called that for a reason.
"A little confused, but..." He looked at Dean. "Are you okay?"
“Sure,” said Castiel. “I’m good.”
“The closest.” Dean smiled faintly. “We always had each other’s back.”
“Who?”
"You know-" Cas started saying, when the plane started shaking.
“For what it’s worth – I hope you find him alright.” The sentiment in Benny’s voice was genuine. Castiel recalled the first time Dean had mentioned him – how the first thing he’d said was
Other days it felt plain normal.
Claire grabbed her coat and followed him.
“That’s just mean,” Dean said defensively.
He let go of his ring and lay back down, closing his eyes insistently. If he must lay here, exhausted and wide awake with pictures of Dean running through his mind, he refused them to be pictures that made panic rise up his throat and take the air out of his lungs. It will be something that would make him smile, always, no matter his fear and his pain, just like Dean did.
“Pizza rolls, or pizza puffs?” He asked.
“It’s a ’67 Chevy Impala.” His smile could not be wider, now. Castiel could swear he loved that car more than he loved any human being that wasn’t his baby brother.
“Go to a creepy escape room and probably die?”
“What?”
“I work with him. I know him better than anyone at school.”
“Yeah,” he mumbled.
“I just mean what’s your weakness.”
“Kansas,” she repeated with her index finger in the air, like she was taking a mental note to remember it. “And he’s here for the Teacher’s Assistant Program.”
"You have an accountant." The lady looked him up and down. "And he's... twenty?"
Castiel did drag Dean away.
He didn’t move.
“Remember how you said we could do something else that’s not a trip?” Dean raised his eyebrows deliberately. “We’ve got tomorrow morning free.”
Dean’s eyes dropped to the bed between them.
“As I was saying,” Dean panted, still grinning. He bounced to his feet, pulling Castiel up. “I’d taken you for a stuck up royal airhead, but I never took you for a pirate.”
Dean mumbled something at a box he had picked up to put on top of another.
“I’m going to ask you the first question I always ask my patients: why are you here?”
“I agree,” he said with the hint of a smile. “I think your little spoon thing is adorable.”
Cas leaned towards him eagerly. "Aren't you capable of a little bit of change? If you find out you were wrong about something?"
“I’m not interested in small talk.” Another thing he could barely remember was the days he used to have patience for small talk, or bothered to lie when people asked him what was up.
“Just asked when I’m getting off.”
“I do, and we always get pizza instead of cooking.”
“Aunty,” he said, shaking pastel and satin out of his head. “You wanted to see me?”
"I've got your back, you know," Cas said quietly. Dean’s eyes slid across the mirror to meet the reflection of his. He almost looked nervous; it took Dean all the way back to walking down a pathway in a garden months ago, when Cas had seemed nervous being around him instead of it being the other way around.
“Wanted to look good for your
Dean slapped a two dollar bill on the table and grabbed the tickets.
"But the car..."
“Really? What happened?”
She had to.
, he heard his mother say.
“Okay,” Dean muttered under his breath. “Super helpful.”
“Hi,” he said, seeming fazed, and kept walking. “You look better in a dark supply room,” he called after him, shaking his head, as if Castiel had blown a cloud into his mind.
Dean picked up the orange that had just hit him in the face.
“Dead,” said Dean.
“I just started studying fifteen minutes ago,” he protested when Hannah tugged on his hand.
No one wanted to sleep upstairs.
“I have mine,” said Castiel.
But it couldn’t distract him. He stared at the ceiling and tried to steady his breathing until he heard footsteps out in the hall again.
it,” Meg snapped, “So shut up and go get more clay for the penis!”
Castiel cut him off. “We can do that later.”
He exchanged an acknowledging glance with Bobby, and they stepped closer to the door of the church in silence, holding their guns close to their chests. Bobby tipped his head, trying to hear inside. He shook his head; nothing. Castiel tilted his head slightly toward the door, a question in his eyes, and Bobby nodded in turn.
So maybe he was a decent guy after all. Maybe Dean just never bothered to get to know better someone he hadn’t realized he already knew pretty well, and who knew him too. Maybe sometimes in high school you can know people well even if you don't talk to them. You get to know what they do on their free time and what they like. You see them around town. And twelve times at the cinema, apparently.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he whispered as the movie started. Dean glanced at him, smiling, and he smiled back. Then he tilted the popcorn box towards Dean and leaned back, preparing himself for three hours of understanding absolutely nothing.
Dean kept going. Claire grabbed the kid.
And then they heard loud footsteps coming from inside.
Castiel fought back his smile. “My history exam is tomorrow,” he said, sending a hand to touch Dean’s arm, and stopping himself short. “I hate to say it, Dean, but-“
“Come in!” She said. “I’m Dr. Hanscum, but you can call me Donna.”
"Did you come here to insult me?"
Dean picked up the page. He held it close to the lamp that dangled from the ceiling. Slowly, his expression changed.
“It’s okay,” he said quietly.
He didn’t know exactly when or how, but at some point within the endless days in the sun-struck sea, Dean made a decision. An assertion, that the monster wasn’t a sea monster at all. So one morning – he’d stopped counting the days a long time ago – he sought the monster out, and he found it.
“I have different friend groups," Dean said defensively.
By the time he brushed his teeth and changed, Garth was tucked into his bed, reading his book in the light of his night lamp.
He leaned on the counter beside her.
Castiel nodded eagerly.
“Why are you providing me with medical attention?” Castiel asked sourly. He didn’t sound grateful at all. Dean’s fingers were gentler on his aching arm than he’d expected them to be. He didn’t know what to make of that.
“No,” he said. “No. There’s always divorce.”
“Try ‘Mary1005’.”
“He’s a cocky guy,” said Gabriel. “His name is Dean Winchester. We don’t know much about him, except that he’s not going under any cover, presumably because he wants to build himself a solid, believable cover in order to gain our trust. And what story is more believable than the truth?”
"Yeah."
“Humming Led Zepplin songs while I recite the periodic table doesn’t count as tutoring,” he shot back. “It counts as an annoyance.”
“I’m glad you’re staying,” said Castiel.
“Okay. We can go to your place.”
“Good.”
His first instinct was to hit the pile of blanket and human and shuffle backwards with his arms raised protectively in front of him, but as he examined it, he discovered an arm dangling from the bed and ending in a curled up palm that rested against the floor.
He wondered what Cas had done to earn this fear; or whether his classmates were simply too interested in picking on the new guy to pay him any attention. If Cas was really this intimidating, it became more and more apparent that Dean didn’t need to keep his distance.
“Arrow dodgeball, cosplaying, and…” She stuck her finger against a page on the board, eyes bright. “Creative writing.” Her finger moved across the page to underline Dean’s name. “Look! You got into creative writing too,” she beamed at him. “We’re gonna be together.”
“Okay,” said Dean cautiously.
And all he could think about was Naomi, scolding him for handing in a shitty essay. Because his head was elsewhere the entire time. Even before he realized, it was never about the essay.
Honestly? He didn’t think he’d be able to stop himself. He watched Dean turn around and walk down the path leading back to the street. Then he went inside and swiped his phone open to write a new text message.
But these could all be just normal weird father things. Maybe he just wanted to believe that after taking care of his father for so long, they had trust going on between them, and Chuck might confide in him with something he didn’t trust anyone else with. Maybe he told Castiel because he had a feeling about what he and Dean were doing, the things they were hunting, the things they knew, and he knew Castiel might believe him while no one else would.
“Taking a walk,” he said.
Silence.
“What do I do that annoys you?” asked Dean.
“Seriously?”
“Come on, you’re dating. If Ruby and Balthazar could kiss, so can you.”
“Um...”
“What?” said Dean. “What did she say?”
“Thanks for everything,” he said, and turned to Bobby. “Let’s go.”
Dean started pulling away, but he stopped him.
“She didn’t mean me,” he said defensively.
“He’s really not that bad,” he answered. Now they were in his room, and Dean looked around like everything was magic. And it wasn’t even the size of it: he was looking at the pictures of Castiel and his family on the walls. He was smiling at the puppy print bedding Castiel had since he was a little kid. He was looking out the window and commenting on how well you could see the blue sky and the Halloween decorations of the houses across the street and the old naked man taking a shower in the neighboring house. He looked at the couch and said:
So he went off script.
“Spin the Bottle isn’t really a Halloween activity,” he pointed out, but it didn’t have much effect, being said while he was being dragged to the center of the room, where a circle was forming right below the chandelier. Cas had no choice but to follow.
The test took less than a half hour. When Henry came back, he barely glanced at it and said,
Only they weren’t legs anymore. They were one long, silvery-turquoise tail.
“For Chem?” Dean asked. “But you’ve been studying for it for two weeks straight.”
“Crowley!“
“Probably a bad idea,” he murmured.
Dean nodded slowly. “Yeah,” he lied.
“A fraction of a florb,” he assured her.
“Yeah. It’s the expired shelf.”
“When you found the treasure map – you threatened to cut off my finger. I can’t get romantically involved with someone who would try to dismember me. You must understand.”
"I want," he said, taking a deep breath and releasing it. "I want extra cheese."
Dean let out a laugh. “I don’t think you could make a mistake answering a text that says ‘hey’.”
“Yeah,” Dean said distractedly. “Hey, Cas, what’s going on?”
Cas did have the words.
“No,” Dean answered. “No, you weren’t.”  He resumed walking, his smile seeming to shift its nature under the moving light of the torch. “I was letting you go, Cas. I was… beginning to see the person in you, and I wasn’t going to be responsible for ruining that person.”
“We were having the worst fight we’ve ever had, and he said to me, ‘I'm not willing to let go’. And then, months later, while all I could think about was how I’m not going to see him every day and how that was going to affect us, he asked me to move in with him. Every time I doubted myself, doubted him – he carried us through it. And I’d like to think I’ve been doing the same thing for him when he needed it. So, yes, I am afraid. But I also have faith in us, every day more than I had the day before.”
"Play it," said Cas.
Dean eyed him. “Then why are you being weird?”
“Yeah, thanks for that, by the way. Don't know how this would've looked if you guys'd burned me.”
Dean found Charlie in the crowd, investigating a blond junior. He tugged on her sleeve.
“On one condition,” said Castiel before they sat down. “No hunting talk.”
Bobby squinted at the chest. “Yeah?”
Dean kicked at a gravel stone with the tip of his shoe. "Right."
“Totally this,” said Dean. “And peeing with the door open.”
“Why do you let everyone push you around?”
“I don’t wanna be flicked. Let’s switch.”
Five minutes later, Garth was leaving their house with his big goofy grin on his face, saying, “I’ll see you guys at the wedding!”
“If you can call it that,” said Dean, elbowing his side as though cuing him to laugh at a joke. “Cas is in college, so it’s just for the weekends for now.”
A mutual groan arose from the group.
“Explain it to me,” Cas demanded, leaning farther and sniffing Dean’s project.
He was being harsh, now, and he knew it. He didn’t feel anymore like he was in a tiny apartment, lying so close to Dean that he could feel it when he breathed. He felt like he was somewhere cold.
Code for a vampire nest. “Mhm.”
“Cas’ family is extremely religious,” Dean explained. Now everyone was looking at them.
Something didn’t add up for Castiel.
“Should I ask her about it?”
Dean had turned to looked at him. “But it’s my turn.”
Applause come out of his laptop speakers as the camera glides above the audience and settles in front of Dean and the Late Late Late Show host, Crowley.
Castiel kept his face smooth as he traced his fingers along Dean’s face, feeling the muscles of it tensing – as a reaction to Cas’ touch or out of fear for the life of his own nose, Castiel didn’t know.
“A palm sized spider,” Dean snored. “Yeah, and you’re Thor Odinson.” Just in case, though, he ran a hand through his hair. The spider hung just above his fingers.
“What else?” She asked. Castiel felt as though his lungs were being crushed.
“I don't know what's wrong, but I just want to make you feel better.” Cas shuffled his feet, looking at a coffee stain on the floor. “I hate seeing you like this. You've always got this attitude, like nothing can ever bring you down. it hurts to see you defeated.”
“Yeah.”
He sat down at a dining chair, and Castiel patted him down and laid out the contents of his pockets on the table: several knives, a gun that wasn’t his, two one-dollar bills, a crumpled receipt, and a bag of skittles.
He threw a backwards glance at Dean. “Or we could just open the window.”
“He’s a bit of a trickster. Gets on everyone’s nerves. But he just wants his peace of mind. Everyone else is so melodramatic… But Balthazar is the closest to me in age. He’s been there for me when I needed him.”
“Exactly how drunk are you?”
Then he checked his messages. There was one, from Dean, from when he was showing the six o’clock kids around. It said:
He wanted to reach for his phone and text Dean.
It was kind of weird. Castiel had thought she was kidding him when he told her Dean and him were moving and she asked if she could take a look at their old apartment. But she wasn’t. And now here they were.
“Yeah. Same guy. They found blood all over the carpet…”
“Have you and Jo ever...” He trailed off. Dean’s eyebrows furrowed.
“Truth,” he said unwillingly, and he could swear April’s grin fell a little. When he faked a smile, Dean actually snorted into the bottle of water he was drinking from, although no one else seemed to find his smile so obviously dishonest.
Dean swallowed. “I’ll do it. Gimme.” He took the phone. Cas leaned in, his chest against Dean’s shoulder, not seeming to mind this closeness whatsoever.
“Yeah.”
“Timmy’s their dog,” Dean explained.
“Yeah.”
“Could’ve been.”
There was a long moment of silence.
The three of them looked through the journal. There were addresses, phone numbers, entries about cases that went back as far as twenty years ago.
Rejected. Again. He must be breaking some kind of record.
Castiel looked at him with concern. “Plural?”
behind your back. I call you a twat.”
“Right. Okay.” Dean got up, glancing at him. “I’m sure she’s okay,” he said before leaving the room.
He looked up. “No. I’ll check later,” he said slowly.
Castiel squinted at him. “Where is it?”
Someone tapped Dean’s shoulder, and he turned around.
“Very early lunch break,” Cas said with growing restlessness, still looking at Dean. “Can we talk for a moment?”
“And the principal was just fine with it?”
“Me too.”
Cas was back from the bathroom, and Dean’s moment was hardly over. He brushed his teeth and climbed into bed. Cas was already a loose ball under the blanket, facing away from him. He stared out the window. It must have been twenty minutes before he spoke.
Well, he thought, holding himself back from reacting; let them see how long his patience lasted. They wouldn’t want to be there when it ran thin.
“But you didn’t.”
At that moment, one of them – a big one, even taller than the one with the sword – stepped up and whispered something in the sworded one’s ear. The smaller man shook his head.
Cas looked at the book. Then he looked at Dean. “I’ll buy it for you on my break,” he said. “You can pay me back.”
“I want to find him,” Dean said.
Cas wasn’t
“Actually-" said Dean, but Meg raised a finger in the air.
"Then I better get used to it," said Dean, and then there was a lot of the both of them staring at the floor and trying not to smile.
“This.” He grabbed the page he’d been reading through and shoved it in her face. “Valentine’s Day.”
"What's going on?" Jack asked, his eyes ping-ponging between them.
The soldiers watched with confusion behind him. He couldn’t see the colonel reaching out with an absent minded motion and lowering the gunbarrel of his comrade, but the lack of booming shots behind his shoulder was equally relieving as it was alarming. He ran along the quarter deck and lunged, only barely managing to cling onto a spreader in the mast. His legs desperately searched for something more solid than air to land on and only found the wind in response. The group of men behind him gaped, their weapons slowly slipping out of their hands. They didn’t quite understand Castiel’s plan to somehow escape the ship alive, but they were clearly skeptical he’d succeed.
Dean said, “Don’t be too long,” and hugged him a little too tightly. It made his chest heavy.
Her eyes skipped to the floor.
Dean turned around.
“Winchester?” Weird.
“You look so handsome,” Mary cried when she reached his table, Sam standing gawkily behind her. “Doesn’t he look handsome?”
“I don’t love it,” he said warily. But to tell the truth, he kind of did. This was what morally questionable spies must feel like.
“Fine.”
He yanked the mask off his eyes and reached up a hand. “Help me up.”
If people bought the fangs, and the machete, and the disappearing lady, why wouldn’t they believe the blade wasn’t real?
“...Or what you said.”
“A favor,” Dean finished sharply. He didn’t let himself dwell on her comment for one second, otherwise she would have seen it in his eyes. That she was right. “I ran into him at the gate and watched him drop a can of coke all over his shirt. And I had a spare one, so.”
Castiel took a look at the front of the line, and swiftly shifted to stand behind him.
“I’d do the same to you, but I don’t think there’s anything that can fix your face.” He took the lights off his head and let them rest between Dean and him.
Dean just shook his head.
“No,” he said. Which brother? “I came to give back the car.”
They watched in silence for a minute.
Dean sat down on his bed. “I dunno,” he said, and he didn’t know where he’d gotten the courage to say that. Where he’d gotten the courage to say anything that wasn’t,
Castiel was nothing like Charlie had described him: he wasn’t dorky or awkward, he wasn’t nerdy or annoyingly aloof or painfully sarcastic.
Pirates. He was surrounded by pirates.
Cas’ shoulders pushed backwards into a relaxed pose. An insulting-a-stranger pose. “Talking to strangers on the street,” he started, “Trying to convince them to come with you to an intimate meeting even people who know each other dread going to, and lie their way through it, for free? You're saving face alright.”
Dean crossed his arms over his chest. “What subject?”
"Great," said Dean. "Are you prepared?"
He really didn’t. “Come on. I’m making you tea.” He tugged on Dean’s arm and led him into the kitchen. He filled the kettle again and grabbed a mug from the shelf. “Will you stop looking at everything like it’s made of bacon?” He asked. “It’s a standard kitchen.”
“You can’t tell him,” Dean rushed to say. “You shouldn’t, Cas. This world, the real world, the world with killer shapeshifters and asshole angels and werewolves, it’s terrifying. If everyone knew, it would be chaos.”
“What are you talking about? I’m having the time of my life,” said Cas.
It was buzzing every thirty seconds or so. “Dean,” he said, no further explanation. Meg nodded.
Castiel traced the corner of a box with his finger, hesitant. “We could quit,” he said finally.
He looked back and forth between Castiel and the man. Finally: “Does Dean...?”
“Well, actually, I don’t get sick either. I was just trying to be thoughtful,” Dean answered. And then he smiled his
If he was being honest with himself, he could have told his mom Cas was lying that night after the exhibition, that the two of them didn’t stand each other and that Cas only said what he said to upset Dean. He wanted to believe that he didn’t quite know why he didn’t come forth, but that would be a lie. He did know – he was hoping that someday, his fake-friendship with Cas might come in useful. And to his discontent, that day has come.
“Funny,” Dean said, pulling a notebook out of his bag. He had to pay extra attention this year if he wanted to keep his job at school. And honestly, Dean’s ability to learn twice as fast as anyone else and somehow keep up with a classful of questions directed toward him as soon as teachers got too lazy to answer them themselves was dumbfounding. Especially when he kept downplaying himself as stupid.
Halfway through shopping, with piles of vegetables and whole grain bread in his cart, he empties it completely and refills it with Mac and Cheese packs and cocoa powder.
“The other situation,” said Amara, her voice dropping to a murmur. “Your mission.”
“What kind of prom did you go to?” Castiel asked skeptically. He heard keys rattle above them, and footsteps go down the stairs.
He read it again and started to cross out the last sentence when someone said behind him,
Oh, God.
Dean glanced at him from across the table.
Castiel had a strange feeling, like this would be the last time they’d see him. Dean lifted an eyebrow at him, and squeezed his hand when he didn’t shrug back.
“His leg is broken,” said Castiel. “We’re going to the hospital.”
He nodded.
Dean was starting to fear that one of those times, fire would come out of its nostrils instead of air. So he examined the bumps again, and determined that there was a certain, small, small chance that they were, in fact, land.
First, he clung to the cardboard. Then, more awkwardly, but out of no other choice (except to fall hard and sprain his ankle), he clung to Cas.
How did it get there? Why was it the only one of its species Dean could see? Could there be a rational explanation to this – could it have… changed, like Dean had?
“Because I...” Dean sighed. “You’re an ass.”
He gathered his study books and settled at his desk. Closing his eyes. Focusing.
“Dad,” Castiel cut him off. “Dad. Too much information.”
"Where'd you come from, Jack?" Dean asked.
“You’re smarter,” he said, and they were at eye-level now.
“Uhhhhhhhhh. Probably false,” he said.
“Yeah.”
“We’re shaming you fiancé for his weird texting,” said Meg.
In the kitchen he found Jo, leaning against the counter with a mug in her hands.
“Yeah,” he said. “I know.”
Dean’s eyes skipped around the room frantically. Who was so out of his league that his friends would believe he didn't stand a chance with? Not Anna, not Meg, not Balthazar, definitely not April…
Dean laughed shortly. “I wish, man.”
“That’s hardly a reason to maintain a relationship.”
“Stop talking about my bottom.”
“What?”
Once they were alone, Dean leaned against the counter next to Castiel.
. Can you imagine some old Greek dude just like… Walkin’ down the street, like, ‘hey, fuck off. Yeah, you. Stop fucking stealin’ my wheat.’ And the other dude would just straight up flip him off like he’s some twenty-first century teenager with a Starbucks cup?”
And then, in the distance, another lost student.
“I dunno, man.”
Something lit up in Dean’s eyes – his own profound curiosity sparking up. “I don’t know,” he said. “But I’ve been thinking...” He sighed. “Don’t give me The Look again.” He waited until Castiel nodded to continue. “Before I left, I... I got this feeling. A hunch about this town, all the monsters who seem to be drawn here.”
“Cas,” said Bobby, sounding like it was coming from between clenched teeth.
But he couldn’t say that out loud without someone calling him a nerd, or other names.
“Goats?” Castiel repeated, somewhat bewildered. “Yes, of course.”
“Why do you wanna go so much?” Dean asked.
“But it is,” said Dean, looking at their hands. “Sam's my responsibility. Charlie got into hunting because of me. Bobby's taken care of us, and now it's my job to look after him.”
He moved from the counter and poured hot water into Dean’s cup. Then he gave it to him and they left the kitchen.
With the phone number at the bottom.
“Probably not.”
Sam took the smaller couch in the living room. When they took the pillows out of the other couch, it was almost big enough for the both of them.
, so he said nothing.
“What’s the problem?” Dean asked.
“I don’t know what to do,” his brother murmured. Castiel opened his eyes.
Behind the Sword, a blond lady with a dagger whispered to the tall one, “How long’s this gonna take? I’m hungry.”
Dean leaned against the counter and wiped his hands with a towel. “Garth?”
She looked at him doubtfully, and he frowned back at her. “I’ve had both.
He couldn’t feel his hands. He couldn’t feel anything but the hand on his shoulder.
The sheer volume of his mother’s yelling after he threw his assignment in the garbage instead of handing it in was motivation enough to do the rest of his assignments silently, obediently, and for the love of God, without any bookstore cashiers to cloud his judgement. In fact, it was motivation enough that when the time finally came to hand in the last essay, no matter how personal it might’ve gotten, he handed it in. It’s been a week and nothing happened. Naomi kept their journals for the general evaluation after next week’s class, but she did grade them, and he scored a higher grade than he could afford to dream of in his other subjects.
Dean pushed himself off the driver’s seat and slammed the door. “Come on, boyfriend.” His tone became somewhat biting towards the last word.
Dean frowned slightly, eyes still closed. “That’s not homework.”
“Poo.”
He almost missed his brother too much to remember why he ever had to do something that would make Sam hate him this much.
"He came back," Charlie finished incredulously. "Is that… Whiskey?"
Today, something was different. For once, the advisers were all sitting in their chairs, quiet and solemn, as he walked in the door. Secondly, no one’s robe was red with wine stains, or missing due to wine consumption. They sat and watched John walk up to his chair and sit down. Then one of them cleared his throat, and spoke.
“I’m getting there!” The Sword growled and waved his sword at her before the tall one could answer. He turned back to Castiel. “If you wish to live, captured soldier, you must answer one question correctly.”
“So…” Dean said finally.
How could anyone think this guy was trouble when they looked into his eyes?
“Yes,” he said, and it was almost relief that washed over him. “Let’s talk about it.”
Dean stared at him disbelievingly. If this didn’t feel like a freaky dream designed to torture him before…
It was the cross. He had leaned against the cross.
“Yeah,” Dean cut her off. The people pushing past them were getting kind of rough, and he kept walking. “Advanced origami. It’s coming back to me.”
Dean’s expression shifted into something very vaguely triumphant. “Not so much pagan,” he said, “As much as all occult things. Satanism. Anything dark, really.”
“First, pizza and Home Alone,” Dean told Cas. They picked the second best seat – the far side of the couch, where Cas could have the corner and they still had a good view on the TV. Jo and Ellen sat next to Dean, and Sam and Jess sat on the rug with their backs to the couch. Mary and Bobby sat next to each other on the armchairs with two bottles of beer – a holiday tradition from before Bobby and Ellen even got together. In John’s memory – an unspoken tradition.
“Huh.”
“Sweater vests,” she said in a mildly impatient tone.
“I care for my people. My family.”
Dean squirmed in his chair. Naomi’s eyes on him made him uncomfortable. He didn’t know what she was getting at, but if she meant him, he didn’t like it. The things she was saying were too personal. All he’s ever tried to do in this school was stay out of the spotlight, and her words and her look were attracting attention to him. He didn’t care if she was saying nice stuff – even if she meant it. He wished she’d stop.
He handed Dean the money and showed him an employee card. “I work at the bookstore.”
“Nothing. Come on, let’s get you in the car.”
“I... Under these circumstances, it appears that I am.”
“Too late for that,” said Dean, taking a turn into his neighborhood.
“About prom-” she started.
Castiel took in his dirty striped robe and the black bags under his eyes. He peeked above his father’s head, at the inside of the house. It didn’t look good. There were papers everywhere – notepad pages, post it notes, napkins – on the tables, and on the floor, and on the walls and windows. All filled with words. There must have been tens of thousands of words showcased on the first floor.
So, at least one thing felt normal.
It struck a nerve for two reasons. One was that Cas was reaching out, suggesting to meet in the middle and compromise, and that pissed him off for the same unexplained reason that Cas sending that
And here’s what was weird – Meg was the one who was smiling.
“He’s a mess. And I always thought, if he could just stop, he would get his life together.”
“Fine.”
“Yeah. Yeah...” Chuck glanced back into the house. “Let’s make it quick. I have other plans.”
“She would hate that,” he said, and Dean smiled.
“Sorry?” He said.
And as he took a seat, the bus started driving. He watched Dean until they couldn’t see each other anymore.
“It’s supposed to be a demon,” she complained. “Ugh.” And she turned back down the aisle.
“Plant,” Cas replied, sounding much grouchier than Dean would have wanted him to sound after – well, before, since he wouldn’t even kiss Dean – their touching reunion. “Earth. Water.” He grabbed the knife Dean had found in the water after the pirate fight and had kept, and sliced a cut through his palm. “Human blood.” He let his blood drip onto the bundle and handed it to Dean.
Slowly, with dread rising in his chest like water in his lungs, he looked down at his legs.
“It’s my turn.” He started walking away, but turned right back. “If Ellen catches me in the act, don’t let me go to jail.”
“So… what are you doing?” Gesturing in his general direction, Castiel plopped down on his bed and assumed a position that he’d presumably been in before Dean had burst into the room with malicious intentions.
Castiel read from the page. “The expression of art and poetry through emotional and subjective personal experience rather than realism.”
“I don’t want to forget the cookies.”
“I didn’t sign up for this.”
By winter break, he decided. It was a good timing – if Cas didn’t reciprocate, they would have an entire two weeks to avoid each other before having to go back to school. And then maybe things wouldn’t be as awkward as they could be. He could do it right before the stupid Christmas activity, so that Cas wouldn’t have to come up with something to say; they could sit in silence through the whole dull thing, and then go on break, and by the time they came back, everything that happened would be forgotten and things would get back to normal.
Whether this was just a rumor and whether it wasn’t, he should at least hear it from the guy himself and not from gossips and bullies.
“Um…” The man stuttered back. The outside light illuminated half his freckled face, light catching in one emerald eye. “Not… Stealing food?” Collecting the loot into his arms, he stood up bunglingly. “You’re, uh…” He squinted at Castiel. “Oh, shit.”
“Uhhhh…”
“Palm sized? No.” Castiel was almost holding back a smile now at how little trust Dean had in him regarding made up spiders, and how incredibly real this spider was. “It’s the size of an entire hand, with the fingers and all.”
He stared at them wordlessly.
“I would love to be put on the spot,” Cas provided.
“Dean...”
“Someone who wouldn’t mind eating fries in bed wearing sweatpants together?”
Dean’s grin faltered, and then he remembered.
He did nothing.
“Dean, you’re…“
“Yeah.” He watched the shock unfold on Dean’s face. “Oh, no. Were you kidding?”
Meg snorted. “Yeah, he wishes.”
“Yeah, well. What do you think about her? She looks pretty cool.”
“We will now introduce our King!” His voice carried across the room. From the door erupted a line of big men in suits – bodyguards. Hypnotized humans or aliens? – two carrying a chair, on which sat a small creature, the size of a leg and the color of the librarian’s toes. They rested the chair in front of the bewildered students.
Silence, and more silence, while they each grasped for anything at all to say.
“That’s not what ‘in confidence’ means,” Cas argued.
He stopped himself just in time. Everyone froze. Everyone stared at Dean, who wore a perfectly blank expression, realizing his mistake a moment too late. Meg’s jaw tightened, and she looked at the two phones beside her on the table. Then she looked at Castiel.
“But I don’t want to serve them if it means I’m the one who decides whether one lives or dies.”
“I never got why you two broke up,” Cas was saying, and Dean’s brain tuned back in. Cas looked at him now, and he shook his head. It didn’t feel like a dream. Cas was sitting in touching distance, burning two sapphires into his soul (or, in the general direction of his chest, at least), and it was real. Painfully real.
“See, that’s all I needed to hear.”
It took him a good while to comprehend where he was, because it wasn’t the same place he had lost consciousness in. The couch coating was corduroy, and there were family photos on the walls. He could barely make out the frames in the dark.
“Boyfriend?”
Chuck didn’t respond.
“Hey. Wake up, nerd. C’mon. What’s gotten into you?” His words came out too soft, the position somehow familiar. He was reliving a scene out of his dreams.
“So…” Cas said and looked at him in the dark. “You've been hearing my share of rumors.”
"Yeah?" she asked.
“Well,” Dean cleared his throat. “I don’t really know how to say it. The school decided-“
Cas’ eyes slid off him. He didn’t need more proof that he was right. He knew Cas; he knew when he was real, and he knew when he wasn’t.
So, while Becky was still roaming about, all alien eyes on her, he started running. As fast as he could. He got to Dean and he felt it: that was it. This was the moment that would determine whether all his efforts were ever worth anything.
Cas looked at him with light in his eyes. “Yeah?” He asked.
"What are you still doing in your lair?" Claire asked one night, leaning against the door frame of his office. "You've been here for hours."
Dean eyed it. “Um... what,” he said.
“I mean, who wants to eat next to that?” Said Michael. His wife touched his hand to cool him down, but he dismissed her with a wave of his hand.
“I hate using the go-to-sleep-er. It takes over a zlorp to load.”
“Well, there’s something more. What do you… Do next?”
Maybe this was Castiel’s problem: he didn’t care enough. Not about girls, or making friendships, or the practice of wooing. And now, look where it got him: sitting next to the second-to-least popular guy in class – only second to Castiel himself.
“Anyone I know?”
“What’s up?” He asked.
"Oh, Benny?" Asked Dean, taking his wallet out. "I love that guy."
His father was gone. Not just gone – dead. Not just dead – buried, rotting in the ground.
Dean’s throat felt dry. He swallowed. “I know you told me not to talk about it. I just... I know how it is to lose a parent.”
“Where do we start?” The excitement in Dean’s voice was infectious; Castiel could feel it all the way to the tips of his fingers. He kept his eyes on the table, avoiding the enchantment of Dean’s eyes.
“Huh?”
They weren’t supposed to do that. Fake relationship or not, the affection between them was real. They always stuck together, an unspoken rule. But Dean was cold. The balcony was warmer somehow than the inside of the house, although it was late at night and practically November. He took his fangs out and watched the moonlight reflect dully on the white plastic.
he meant
“This, being... making a phone call?”
"Look at this," Dean snorted. He touched Castiel's elbow and pointed at something inside. It was a game booth with an air rifle and a wall of lined-up black cans of Coke Zero. "Even the coke cans are themed."
“Two hours, ish?”
He looked up.
Castiel looked at him blankly.
“I’m just hanging out here until I finish my homework,” he said.
His phone buzzed.
“I’m not. A nerd,” he said with clenched teeth. “I had to pick
“Good?” Castiel said slowly.
Dean slid down the spar, leaving Castiel up to watch their destination. On the deck, everyone was moving. It reminded Castiel of his first days on the ship, watching everything shifting around him and staying still in the center; only instead of being a prisoner, he felt now like a bird. He watched the islands approach slowly, their sharp edges becoming clearer and more defined with every passing minute.
“I know you’re judging me,” Dean said. “You’re using your judgy tone. But he’s a fifteen year old nerd. Going to the library for him is like... It’s like...”
A rope that might just be long enough to swing onto a ship that was heading their direction at an alarming speed.
“Not cool, dude,” she muttered as they were walking away.
“Can I tell you my opinion?”
“Really?” Said Chuck. “That sounds very nice.”
Castiel got up from his chair. “I’m going to check on the spider.” He looked at Sam. “But I
“I just…” As young as he was, Sam was already an entire wiry tree of a person, and sharp as a needle. “I just don’t understand-“
He wasn’t sure who he was trying to impress. The only people around were his very lesbian friend and a girl who repeatedly threatened to annihilate him at arm-wrestling.
smile.
“I’ve got one,” said Dean. “How do you feel about kids?”
"Jumping on the bed until the springs pop out?" said Castiel. "Come on. We're grown ups. If the springs pop out, we can probably just skip a few dinners and buy a new bed."
“I’ll do it later.”
(after a minute)
He looked at his father, harsh now. “Are you drunk?” he asked quietly.
“So, technically, we’re early,” said Dean.
“It’s an honor to be here,” says screen-Dean, sending a nervous grin towards the host.
“They said you were stupid,” said the woman over the phone. “But I had no idea how much.”
“Or,” she said, “You just miss him.”
Castiel leaned his back against the couch and rested his head back on Dean’s feet. “I think you’re just in my league,” he said and patted Dean’s toes.
The silence that fell between them was unsettling.
“Oh.”
That sounded bad. Cas didn’t seem to notice.
He couldn’t explain it.
It was... It was good.
“Hot cocoa and then sleep?”
“Okay.”
“Alright.”
“Could be a girl,” Dean argued with a wry smile, giving up the facade.
“He wouldn’t do that,” Castiel mumbled, but his voice sounded a little bit wrecked.
“We’ve had a long week,” he explained.
“Except, you’ve been helping me out all month. I kinda owe you.”
Bobby pulled him back into his chair, and he realized he had stood up.
“That’s my name,” Cas said, somehow sounding even more suspicious after Dean’s clearly calming anxious-harassing-why-did-you speech.
“Why did you come back?” He asked. His voice still held a residue of amusement in it.
Castiel pursed his lips, trying not to appear as a complete idiot. “Yes,” he said firmly. “And I want my things back.”
They turned to look at each other. Cas looked lost. Weakly, Dean said, “No.”
“No. My family is going to absolutely hate you. But don’t take it personally; that’s how you know you’re a decent human being.”
Dean smiled a little. “Yeah, thanks, but it won't.”
He grabbed Meg’s shoulder and pushed her away. The car passed close enough for them to feel the blast of wind that came with it.
“What?”
“Oh,” he let out, looking above Dean’s head. “Don’t move.”
“Don’t call me pumpkin,” Dean muttered into the dark. He was staring right up at the ceiling. After a moment he added, quietly, “Night.”
And- alright. This man was next-level strange. But he really needed this job if he wanted to leave home and live on his own next year.
He shifted in his seat to look at Dean. But when Dean looked back, smiling in the dark, everyone around them looking up at the stage, he just shook his head and turned away.
It didn’t work.
She had him. They both knew it. She had him, and so, there was only one thing to do.
“It is,” they heard her grunt from the boots aisle.
From the Loch Ness Monster to a witch in a barren canyon who sold potions, to the streets of an ancient city, where they lost themselves in labyrinths of stone for days. And all the while, Castiel standing on the outside with one foot in and one out, watching the quests become more violent and magical and occult and Dean passing them one by one without batting an eyelid.
“So this is.” He cleared his throat. “This is a portrait of his lover, Ross Laycock.”
"Why?"
“It just works,” he said finally. “It works better than anything’s ever worked for me.”
“You’re a hunter!” Dean called. Then he seemed to calm himself. “We saw you at the fair, killing monsters. You were amazing. Who the hell are you?”
They both stood now at the front door and waved Castiel over.
“Yeah,” Dean said, confused, and gestured at a back door. “Is that the librarian? I didn’t imagine an old lady would volunteer to spend the night making sure a bunch of poorly-dressed kids were drinking responsibly. Check that out,” he snorted. “She’s handing out punch cups by the back door.”
“You’re really not afraid of anything, are you?” Dean looked at him with wonder.
Dean leaned his elbows on the counter and put his head in his hands. “six, I guess.”
He woke up to the feeling of being yanked from his bed. It was dark, and behind his eyelids danced the colors of a flame. Before he could manage to open his eyes, he was lifted and hurled against whatever – whoever – had had the strength to lift him up, and something sharp and cold was pressed against his throat.
“Can I ask you something?”
Dean and him looked around with the same kind of wonder.
“Right.” The ground let out a soft thudding sound when their feet hit it. Cas’ grip didn’t loosen any by the harshness in Dean’s tone.
“Our… trust?”
He woke up to the sounds of a skirmish down the stairs. His blade was still on the floor, a few feet away from him, and his head had a cut at the hairline that didn’t seem to be bleeding anymore when he touched it. At the sound of a shout, he stood up quickly and grabbed his weapon. His head was pounding. He rushed downstairs, and took in the scene: on one side of the room, his shocked family, and Dean, aiming a gun at the other side of the room. There, a fight was occurring between his clone self and Dean’s brother. Neither of them was holding any silver. Dean’s gun followed their movements in panic, but he was hesitant to shoot, and it took just a moment for Castiel to realize why.
“It… looks like your regular outfit,” said Castiel. “I can’t tell the difference.”
“I thought it would be nice for him to have someone to hang out with,” Charlie said. “You seemed like you were getting along. I didn’t think you’d mind.” She raised her hands, palms facing forward in defense.
, but Castiel hijacked the list. “You don’t have to move your things,” he said while he wrote. “And I can move in immediately. Finding another place might take weeks or even months.”
“Yeah. I miss you. And this whole thing has been stupid.”
“There’s been worse,” he smiled.
“Thank you for coming in.”
He woke up to a thin blanket, a sagging pillow, and darkness.
“Fix your tie,” he muttered. Cas looked down at his chest as if nothing was wrong with his turned-over, loose tie. Dean grunted and stepped closer to fix it. His lips parted in concentration. Cas’ eyes followed the snow fall down and pile up softly on the ground.
“I came back,” said Dean, watching him, desperate for him to understand. “And it was all so complicated, anyway. I was still processing it myself. And then your dad died, and Claire came along, and everything else was shoved aside.”
“Do you live together?”
“Back to square one.”
“He kicked me all night,” Dean explained, too aggravated to feel any sort of embarrassment.
Bobby stepped into the room. “This place is about as bloody as when that pagan god came to life.” Castiel looked at him questioningly, but he didn’t see it. His shoulders stiffened at something he saw on the other side of the room, and he turned around. In his eyes was something between anger and horror that froze Castiel’s veins.
“I’ll be right down,” Castiel said into the phone, and admittedly, they were kind of in the middle of something, but he couldn’t help feeling a little bit hopeful and a little bit proud of his father for keeping his word. He hung up the phone.
“I’m not a nerd! Dada is the coolest movement. Well, technically, it wasn’t supposed to be a movement… Ugh. It’s
There was always something different in the air on the last day of school. Everyone was so ready to go home and let the summer officially begin; but instead of that feeling being passed on by muted, contagious desperation like it usually was, excitement and relief washed through the halls today.
"Eh?"
“It would be nice to get to know him,” Castiel mused. “Anyway, it’s been a long day. Should we go to sleep?”
“Have you ever heard of something called the Men of Letters?” Asked Henry.
Dean looked around to see a tall figure leaning over his project.
“Sure,” Dean frowned. “I’d scream. No, it’s not broken. I’m fine.”
“Castiel, do you know where the pie…” They stopped and took in the scene.
“-‎For the past 3 months.”
“What is it?” Dean asked. Cas showed him the phone.
They ended up getting a C for their model. And it wasn’t because of the penis.
“Right. Well, it’s a hassle.”
It didn’t feel any different.
Maybe
Dean tried to keep his eyes on the phone; the last thing he wanted to do right now was make eye contact.
“Ouch.” She put a hand on Castiel’s shoulder and assessed him. “We’re going to be best friends.”
Cas: can you put my mug on the table?
“Oh, you were right about the guy.”
“Sure it isn’t. But if I’m already on it, might as well enjoy it.”
“I’m not going to flick you. I’m a pro. I didn’t flick you once before, and we were doing this for like, two hours.”
By ten o’clock, they had two hours of search and about one hundred interrogated people behind them.
Dean went and got something from the bathroom. “I bought a whole other towel for you, so now it’s official.” He handed him a gray towel.
“Not helping, Cas.”
“Dean,” Cas said stiffly behind it, as though pointing out a moth on the wall.
“This might take a while,” he said to Sam rigidly. He didn’t want to do this, had to force the words out. But this was what family meant. Maybe not his biological family – family didn’t start in blood; but it didn’t end there either. “Getting back to normal,” he went on, and Sam didn’t need to ask what he meant. “You can’t just miss school.”
To his surprise, he wasn’t overdressed. Yes, he wore a white button down shirt and shoes that were more respectable than his worn out sneakers, but most other guys were dressed up in nicer pants and most girls wore dresses.
“It can’t be Anna,” Jo barged in. “That didn’t end well last time.”
Castiel tried to frame this moment in his mind. His friends around Dean, looking at him and talking to him with curiosity and charm. There wasn't anyone Dean didn't manage to charm.
He was too far away to hear it, but the sound was so vividly connected in his mind to the blow that he might as well have been down on the field. Number twenty four was groping his face hectically, his free hand yanking the helmet from his head. He was scowling and yelling something at the player who’d elbowed him in the face. The judge called for a time out.
It didn’t work. The woman threw the ax at him, and he barely managed to duck to save himself. It hit a mirror behind him, and shards of glass flew everywhere.
“Great,” he said. It was thick with dishonesty. He took a breath and remembered he should go easy on the boy; he was finally talking to someone Dean’s disappearance hit just as hard as it hit him – maybe harder. He knew Bobby loved Dean like his own – but maybe he didn’t need him as much. Wasn’t as dependent on his comforting presence as a teenage brother or a broken lover.
Nothing.
Rock bottom was surprisingly peaceful.
“We need to tell Claire.”
“Oh, you haven’t heard? They call it an ‘activity’ but it’s just a pretty word for ‘lecture’. Ms. Mills talked about it Monday morning.”
“No, never mind. I shouldn't've said it.”
"For fuck's-" He exhaled. "Do I need to lock you inside the car for you to do what I say?"
Castiel was quiet for a while.
school.
Not a shifter.
Dean sighed, somewhat dramatically, and turned to the Dr. “We know each other through a mutual friend,” he said in the calm voice of someone who had just spent four minutes multitasking between coming up with bulletproof bullshit and arguing with a therapist and a Cas. “She would be very disappointed if we didn’t give it a proper chance. It’s just, we seem to have a tolerance problem with each other in that, um...”
Meg let out a sigh. “I don’t know how your child is still alive,” she said. “Did you find my instructions?”
"What makes you think he's in trouble?"
“Wake up,” he said.
“Text me from the bus!”
Slowly, Cas nodded, and Dean moved past him with rigid movements. As if waiting for Cas to call him to stop and, maybe, declare something. But he wasn’t; of course he wasn’t.
Dean’s mind shot at him when he saw her. He would never tell her this – would never double-cross his own sense of privacy so viciously as to expose his feelings, any feelings, toward her, toward anyone – but she was, a little bit, his light at the end of the tunnel. She was smiley, and forgiving, and chatty, and all around very gay, and a lot of other things that Meg really wasn’t.
He tried to figure out what to say next. Cas’ eyes sparkled in the moonlight. If he only moved his right knee an inch, it would touch the knee beside it.
"We're good."
“Yes.”
Dean took it and sat by his brother on the bed.
“I might’ve put it underneath an... adult-sized Spiderman onesie. He kicks ass, okay?”
He waited for Dean to explain.
For the very least, Cas leaving him be and making it easier to forget about all this.
“A chance?" he said. "That's not an option. I don't need people calling me
“You’re gonna wanna see this,” whispered Dean, and started tapping his arm incessantly.
“Thanks, you guys,” Sam said.
“I know.”
“Ooh,” said Dean. “We can go to Italy. Or Spain.”
“So did you choose a costume yet?” She asked finally.
want until you've tried it and didn’t want it, but if you already know you don't want something, why put yourself through the trouble? It was a setup for heartbreak and headache and nothing more, and it felt silly to him to put himself through something just the thought of made him dizzy, just to please someone else.
“What?” He asked. “Oh, no. No, no.” No telling Cas, as much as he’d like that. Just staring at him longingly from across the room like the pathetic loser he was.
Then, they heard someone call from downstairs:
He shut his notebook and straightened up, trying not to look too excited at the distraction.
There. He wrote his name at the top of the page, walked over to the front of the class, and handed his teacher the paper with the fakest smile he had.
“Did we forget to open this for a year and a half?”
“I don’t understand.”
“I’ve got you,” said Sam before he left.
Strong thuds coming from the storage room coated her every word. The delivery guys were working on breaking down the back door one day at a time. “Why don’t you do it,” he muttered at Meg, less a question, more a complaint.
I can't not think about the Arthur fist meme whenever I read this line: "The last thing he saw was his own face getting closer and closer, and his hand balled into a fist." Just had to say
“Hey," he said. Cas looked at him. "You’re still going to Wayward Sisters, right?” He asked, just to know whether there was still a chance he could be a dick and get away with it. But Cas nodded.
On about the sixth set of knocks Bobby opened, his frown deeper than ever, his words slurred by sleep.
“It’s okay,” Castiel said. He tried not to sound sad, but he didn’t think he was fooling anyone. Maybe the kid. Not Dean. “Did you find her parents?”
“I dunno. The burger place? The science museum? The library?”
They were going in.
Dean sighed as deep as he could, but it still didn't make him feel any lighter. "Then you're gonna be the one person who's on my side in this."
Castiel usually walked home.
“Dean was a grade-A student and finished his final exams in junior year. He’s here to help y’all with anything you need.”
“What’s up?” She said and moved to make space on the bed. Castiel eyed the edges of her lips with a squint. They were pressed down, as if trying to suppress a smile.
He entered his room and closed the door quietly, turning on the glossy blue desk lamp on his nightstand, to find someone sleeping in his bed.
“Out,” he said. Becky stared at him.
“My end-of-the-night move?” Dean asked. “I kiss ‘er, then I say some variation of one of those things, and that’s it. You’re good to go.”
“Yeah, I... kind of told her, too.”
"I'm fine," he said.
The words pulled him to a stop. He felt detached. Cold. Calculating. Not hotheaded and angry like he’s been feeling for so long. He turned around to face Gordon.
was having a hard time making eye contact.
They followed her to a spacious room in the tiny apartment.
“Escaping humans.”
“He’s kind of cute, don’t you think?”
He shook harder.
“Jimmy is a workaholic,” said Dean.
Dean sent him a look that clearly said:
Dean was the first to pull himself together.
“Don’t worry. No one will hear them leave their shells.”
“The mountains,” Sam explained, only barely masking the annoyance in his voice. “That bottle of whiskey doesn’t look too good on you, you know.”
“Thank you for all the… Life-saving,” Castiel said to him. “Sorry I ruined it for you.”
“Fine,” he said, and let Cas drag him back into the kitchen.
“Hours,” said the doctor.
In the car, he took Dean’s phone and entered the password.
"So," said Castiel once she was gone. "Holiday cookies, huh?"
“I’m at school.” If you could call it that. His mind felt like it was anywhere
“Is he awake?” Castiel asked.
“Are we… telling people?”
“...Yeah.”
“What kind of luck does it... provide?” He asked, with some confusion.
Dean watched him for a moment. “Babysitting you?”
“I didn’t,” he said. “I was out of ideas, and it was something stupid that kept nagging me.” He hesitated; he didn’t want Bobby to think he conducted his investigations on arbitrary, insignificant details. Even if that’s exactly what he did. “Last week, I heard Dean mumble in his sleep.”
“We had this big fight a couple of months ago,” said Dean. Castiel touched his arm to stop him.
“Her name’s Cassie,” Dean prompted. “So we can just pretend your name is Cas.”
Castiel stammered. “I… have a stage fright. Dancing makes me nervous.”
Claire made herself in charge of the directions. She did a pretty good job. She also made herself in charge of emotional support. Not so good with that.
He followed her into the food area and behind the bathrooms, speeding up when she rushed into an alley full of people. He almost caught up to her when she took a turn behind the
Meg folded her fingers and opened her palm again in a
“Come on,” was all she said, and grabbed his hand, dragging him down the hall.
“How wrecked is it?”
” He put his hands on the table and leaned forward, his eyes leveling with Castiel’s. “A’ight, hit on me.”
,” he read. “This you never did.”
“Didn’t really wanna be home,” he answered.
"Doesn't sound like love."
“Cas?” He asked, his voice louder than intended. But the pile did not stir. He got closer and poked it, hard enough to make Cas sway and roll over, exposing a perfect sleeping angel face, a bare chest and no awareness to Dean whatsoever.
They didn’t say much after that.
He sighed. “Go ahead.”
he thought, and dared to let a shred of hope into his chest. Maybe Charlie and Meg would stand by him if they ever found out what he’d done.
“Does it bother you?” Castiel asked. Dean shrugged.
“Congratulations,” said the lady, but he barely heard her. “What kind of rings are you looking for?”
They spent the rest of the afternoon frosting cookies. Cas’ were decent, all winter things, like snowflakes, and presents, and gingerbread men. Dean’s were all Shrek faces. And they looked quite horrendous, since he had no art skills.
He tried to get the sound of metal screeching out of his head. The look of his father’s car being crumpled like paper.
“Can’t believe you remembered I like that guy,” Dean said, letting him go.
He sighed and counted the implications these words could have. Not that he was too worried; he knew that as soon as the opportunity arose, he could fight his way out of most situations – as he had before.
"Okay." Dean leaned back in his chair. "So he has nothing to do with the Devil's child?"
“I’m Andy,” he said, fingers fiddling with his schoolbag straps.
“What are we talking about?” Dean smiled and leaned against a table in front of them.
Cas said nothing for a while.
He'd been dreaming about salt guns and vampire bites since he was four years old. Now he dreamed about scrubbing blood off a carpet.
“This week’s going to suck,” said Dean over the phone. “Seven shifts in seven days without you? Ugh. You’re seriously lucky you’re going away, Cas. Working on Christmas eve sucks.”
“And he’s a good guy,” Castiel added.
“Oh,” said Chuck. “Of course. Yeah. Come in.”
When the doctor showed up, she gave the kid a look and said: “Are you a relative of Mr. Shurley’s?”
“Ugh, I so don’t have the energy for Mr. Man right now.”
Castiel looked up and caught the sight of Dean’s eyes in the moonlight. They did look beautiful, in the sort of platonic, heterosexual way.
He relaxed into his chair.
Castiel's eyes narrowed, tone as skeptical as Bobby’s not twelve hours ago, when he’d asked him the same question. “What break?”
The coach shouted something again, and Dean followed the students who crowded her. Everyone was breathing heavy. The air smelled stuffy and sweaty. Dean wiped moisture from his forehead with the edge of his shirt and tried to ignore the heat that flooded his face. A bucket of ice would be welcome right about now.
“You never call.”
He shook his head.
“What? No. Ew. I meant he’s a good person.”
He walked around, but the place seemed to be deserted. He couldn’t really tell how big the room was, or whether he was walking in circles. Meg didn’t seem to be here.
The next day was Christmas day. It was just as tedious as the day before, but with presents. And movie night.
“No. Of course not. Look – you got through almost a year of high school not having studied it, and still managed to
“No concussion,” they said. And he managed stiffly, out of a dream,
“So for five months you just…”
“I could take you down right now,” said Castiel, and maybe it was a little ambitious, but there was no telling if he was right, because at that moment Gabriel raised his palms before them.
“Dean, your car won’t survive the trip.”
“I bet, if you keep telling him things like that,” Dean muttered.
Dean looked away and shook his head. Charlie kept gazing outside.
He squinted at them. “Don’t we need to go?”
“They’re dead.”
Claire grabbed her phone and made the order. Then she took a long look at him and leaned back on the sofa. "Marriage problems?"
“Ms. Mills said to be quiet,” he said.
“That one works in my benefit,” said Dean.
"Good." He picked up his gun and started walking. A moment later, Claire was walking beside him.
Dean watched Meg sit, and shook his head. “I’ll tell you later.”
“Hannah.”
Castiel glared at him.
The thing was, he didn’t want to give Cas just ‘good enough’. If good enough was all he was, all he was ever going to be, then this whole thing was pointless. They would try again – if Cas would want that. And they would break up again. And they would hurt again. And if they were lucky, they’d stay friends after this time around, too.
"Fine," she muttered. Her shoulders slackened.
He acted quick, elbowing Dean’s side hard, but Dean took in the blow with a clench of his teeth. Castiel was still clearly much more out of it than he was.
"It's said with love, Cas."
“If you could write down your details in here?” He asked and slid a page across the table. Castiel took a pen and filled in his details. Meanwhile, Henry took a notepad and wrote something down.
Okay.
“Next,” Amara called.
“Cas?”
"Oh, please."
“It’s broken. I don’t think there’s much to do about it now – your face will look a bit silly, maybe.” He sighed. “Try not to think about it.”
"You know what," said Claire, "I should-"
“I don’t understand that reference,” Castiel furrowed his eyebrows, but he moved on; if he stopped to think every time Dean made a comment that baffled him, he’d never catch up. “There are no satanic rituals. We’re going to Scotland; we need a sample of blood from the Loch Ness Monster.”
But people couldn’t.
Dean spent the next afternoon making an effort to write a beautiful poem.
Having been looking into his plate miserably, Sam cleared his throat now. “Actually, I do have something.”
“I don’t think he’s into redheads,” Castiel shook his head.
Hannah looked down at the table.
He let his feet carry him away before Cas or Ms. Mills or fucking Santa Man could follow him. When he passed by Charlie she reached out to grab his hand, but he shook her off.
“No.”
He flipped the pages. Dean leaned forward, and read a scribbled correction on the page.
Engaged.
Castiel leaned against the counter and stared at his tea. He’d dreaded this moment, and now that it was happening, it was exactly the way he’d thought it would be. Dean saw him, and went to lean beside him.
Dean followed his best friend like a beacon in a sea of plastic beer cups washed in a red light emanating from lamps decorated with spider webs. Cas led to Charlie, who, dressed as a warrior queen, looked up and down the pair of them with visible suspicion.
“She’ll be here at noon,” said Meg. Dean turned away from the bookstore to help her line up heat-sealed sandwiches in the display case.
He took Dean’s hand, and rubbed his freezing fingertips to put some warmth into them. “I know.” He nodded his chin at a building on the other side of the street. “Want to go in?”
“Charlie?” asked Castiel. He opened his sock drawer to grab some socks. Lying in the back of the drawer, where he’d put it away months ago, he saw something shine in silver. Dean’s present.
“What are you doing here?” Castiel shot back, and a feeling of déjà vu swept over him. “You left me.” His words were recited, directed by his subconscious.
“What does it matter?” He interrupted them, quietly.
“And,” said Dean after a moment, “You have a TV.”
“No, Claire. Don’t wake-”
"Not really," Cas said, looking back at the screen. "Had a margarita for the first time. Then had three more. Then, probably a series of embarrassing things I don't even remember. Got it on with Spiderman on the kitchen table." He let out a huff, as if he was thinking,
“How do you know?” Asked Anna.
It became ruthlessly apparent when he looked up at the kitchen, and saw Dean standing by the counter: he was dreaming.
“Oh,” he said when they stood at the threshold. “Bring her flowers. Flowers are always a nice touch.”
Cas squeezed his hand, and he squeezed back.
“Nonetheless,” Dean said, “It’s the sitch.”
“So this Meg girl,” Chuck said. “Is something going on there?”
On Garth’s side of the room, his friends were looking at him. He tried to ignore them.
Thursday morning, he was running laps in the gymnasium surrounded by stinky classmates when someone pushed past him from behind, making him stumble to the side while the rest of the students ran past him.
“Eat, sleep, or feel emotions,” said Dean, staring at the ceiling. “Which would you rather give up?”
"She's kidding," he said. "Teenagers." He cleared his throat. "She's really into cake decorating."
“Yes, I turned it on.”
“Have we noticed,” Dean huffed. “That fair was like a monster convention. Either way, you might wanna up your game if you want to catch some monsters.”
“God, I hate when you’re right,” Dean said into his chest. He lifted his head. “It’s just– fifteen is so young, you know? What if he’s making a mistake, and he’s not even realizing it?”
“I’m sorry I made you feel this way,” said Castiel.
Dean and Meg kept their banter on either side of him. Castiel had a feeling they were just a little bit sad they weren’t going to see each other anymore.
Slightly stunned and lost as to how to proceed with his operation, Dean turned round and faced his sister’s fishbowl once again. It was a big one, containing seven fish in all colors of the rainbow. He gently removed one of the fish and sealed the bag, filled now with water and one fish. He took out another bag and filled it with fish food. Then he turned around and took a triumphant step – straight into Castiel.
"We're having pizza," she said.
The window below Dean's slid open and his neighbor poked her head out. "Fuck off," she yelled and pulled out a running shoe threateningly. Cas hurried inside the building.
He frowned. “I can handle it myself.”
With a preparatory clench of his teeth, Dean took the bundle and started chewing on it. As he started to change, Cas’ face did too. His expression softened. Once Dean was finally human again, Cas scooted closer and kissed him with a smile.
Sam’s eyes widened – and then someone pushed him aside, and stood at the threshold before Castiel.
Cas shifted to look at him, and his voice took on the sort of passion that made Dean's heart beat a little faster. "Come with me. We can forget about this place."
“No.” Dean was looking down.
“Great,” she hopped up. “I’m in the perfect mood for soup.”
“Are you… drunk?” He asked, slowly and in utter confusion, because Cas didn’t get drunk. Cas drank, but he didn’t
“Hello,” he replied.
It might’ve been half an hour before Hannah pulled her legs off the ledge and said, “I’m going to go back to the hell room.” She stood up and looked at Cas expectantly. Cas looked at Dean.
“Stream.” Dean could hear the water gurgle. “I think you’ll have to take your flamingo mask off now.”
“Yeah. And then we’ll find a good pizza place and I’ll make it up to you for making you go through this whole thing.”
“Actually,” said Dean, “Charlie said she might stop by, so it might be a three-person home vacation with work shifts.”
Still, the whole concept of this game made Castiel uncomfortable. He had no interest in exposing intimate details about people who wished those details to remain private, and no interest in exposing any detail about himself to this particular group of people. He also had no interest in shenanigans.
Castiel concentrated, listening for any sort of noise. “I don’t hear any evil laughter.”
“I was thinking make out on your bed, but sure.”
“Wah.”
“Wanna sit at a table and mock other people?”
“Yes,” he said. “But it’s harder than it seems.”
“Alright,” said Dean. “I guess.”
The pieces were falling into place slowly: he was in Dean’s bed, their clothes scattered on the floor, and the events of the previous night were beginning to come back to him.
“I found a night fitting for the invasion.” Mr. Man took another paper out of his pocket and unfolded it, handing it to the librarian.
Before she answered Dean heard metal creak behind them, and someone slumped down on Hannah’s other side, adding another pair of feet dangling off the edge of the building.
“Should we be worried about what our clothes say about us?” He asked. Dean thought about that for a moment.
“Crowley’s,” he murmured, and the memory was a wave crashing into him.
“You should probably get some sleep,” Dean said finally.
He could have spent this day with any girl he would have wanted. The girl from the supermarket, for instance. And instead he’s home at four in the afternoon, not even thinking about Dean, but thinking about how freaking sad Dean makes him.
Slowly and grouchily, they got up and made it to the kitchen. Dean put up a kettle.
“Did you ever feel like giving up on him?” Castiel asked, and immediately wanted to take it back, because it sounded like
For a moment, it was how it used to be. Natural.
“Okay.” They were quiet for a moment.
“You’re always pretty,” he told Dean. There was the sound of footsteps behind them, and a red haired girl appeared at the bottom of the stairs.
“You’re slow,” he said, and Dean’s eyes narrowed.
“I can have mystery friends,” Dean said, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. His palms were starting to feel damp.
“I was just made to go on a stage and read my most private thoughts in front of the whole school.” Students were flowing toward the exit around them, and they didn’t quite have to yell in order to hear one another, but they both liked to pretend that they did.
“Didn’t do a very good job,” Dean muttered, his eyes on the table.
His phone buzzed again and again, and he decided to take a look. There were a few calls from Dean from the weekend, and about fifteen text messages. Four of them were from that morning:
Right below them, the cliff broke into an abyss that ended in waves crashing into rock. Behind them, the angry mob was closing in.
“My leg is broken,” Dean yelled back.
Everyone gathered in front of the sea. Garth brought his hands together and started,
Dean's words rushed into his head. In
She stood up to face him fiercely. “We aren’t done here, Castiel.”
“Okay.” Dean trailed a line on the floor with his foot and tried really hard not to smile.
That wasn’t the kind of thing you just forgot about.
“So, I wanted to ask if maybe you could help me study for finals this week?”
When he opened his eyes again, he found himself in the same setting.
He looked over at Dean, every muscle in his body tensing. And the other man looked back at him, but he was smiling, soft and quiet.
He leans in and closes his eyes, and Castiel wraps an arm around his waist. And for the next few moments, all he can feel is the tips of Dean's fingers and the warmth taking over his chest. Everything else is just background noise.
Meg gave him a weird look.
“Is he staying home, or...?”
“Yes,” Castiel managed to choke out. He sounded like a dying mouse.
It was a new program in the school – started when Castiel was a sophomore. Only, last year the TA was an old lady who killed at math and brought everyone brownies, and this guy seemed like he was fresh out of high school and had no idea what he was doing. He looked around the classroom nervously, as if he was overwhelmed by the amount of all twenty-six of them. When someone made eye contact, his expression shifted into something cocky and self-assured.
“Hey,” he said. “Where have you been?”
“Alright.”
“That’s the one good thing she said about you,” Dean went on, standing up clumsily with one hand.
He looked at Dean. “Maybe a little soon.”
“Yeah.” Dean’s voice was strained.
“You know, you might have asked me here because you didn't want to go,” he said, “But I said yes because I actually liked you.”
“Yeah, we don’t want you to get hurt,” Jo added. “Maybe this was a bad idea.”
“Dean, we can’t just claim a child.”
But every other word is true. He just… He’s listened to every single song of Dean’s as soon as he was able to since they were sixteen, Dean playing around with a guitar in his bedroom and Castiel tucked into a corner of the small room, watching him. And every song was more clever and funny and well thought out than the last. But almost none of them were about love. Because Dean Winchester doesn’t do love, not really. And that fact is what Castiel has been holding onto for way too long. But now… Something’s changed, it seems.
“Nope,” said Dean.
Dean smiled and looked at their hands. “I wouldn’t want to be anywhere else.” He said it quietly.
He hated dreams.
“Aha,” said Castiel. “Remind me, who ended up killing the thing?”
“What case?” Meg repeated.
“Well, I don’t want to burst your bubble, but school assignments aren’t optional. I need this for your grade.”
A few days earlier, Meg had shoved a piece of paper in front of him at the end of a shift.
“Yeah.”
“That’s just what I was thinking,” Castiel smiled.
His room was average in size. He had a bookshelf and a desk, and a George Washington poster his brother Gabriel had given to him as a joke once. (There was nothing funny about fundamental figures in American history. The poster was adequate.)
“I don’t know.” Dean took it off and shoved it in his pocket. “It just does that sometimes.”
He didn’t know what to say. He felt just the same, but it was just too hard to put into words. He tried, but then Dean said:
They both turned to stare at Dean then, but he didn’t look at them. Castiel was walking down the pier, his motions reserved. When he saw Dean, his eyes lit up. Dean’s jaw dropped.
“Do they all look the same to you?”
“Yeah,” he answered. “Found a dead body. Fought a supernatural being. Killed my clone.”
“Not it,” Castiel blurted. He could only imagine Dean’s slightly clenched jaw was saying,
Cas looked up now, and squinted at
“Well, what if we were to...” He raised an eyebrow suggestively. “Entice her?”
“You sure?”
And he knew just how it felt to be in that tight octopus grip.
“Okay,” he said.
“Actually,” he said. “Is Cas around?”
“I didn’t want to go with you today.”
Feelings were pointless, and his eyes weren’t stinging.
At that moment, Naomi came on stage. She examined the crowd, then spoke into the microphone.
“You’re okay,” Dean breathed, almost a whisper. He wrapped an arm around Castiel’s shoulders. “You’re okay, Cas, right?”
He scrambled to his feet and looked out through the open window. Sure enough, on the sidewalk under a tree, Cas was standing with a rock in his hand. When he saw Dean he looked down one floor below him, then back up at him, and gave an awkward wave.
“How did you do that?” Bobby asked.
“What’s going on?”
“You have a vampire living in your building?”
He knew Dean got distracted easily. Yes, he was putting the lure of cheeseburgers against alien technology, but didn’t Tony Stark pull that off? (Or, at least, he thought that was what those movies were about. He didn’t really listen when Dean talked about them. God, he swore, if he and Dean were to get out of this, he had to start listening to his boyfriend talk about men in full bodysuits more often.)
Benny thought about it for a few moments. “There was one girl,” he said finally. “Why is that important?”
it to other people.”
And that’s when he finds something he wasn’t looking for. He clicks open an email Dean wrote to him two and a half years ago.
"I'm fine," Dean insisted. "I can handle a... Flying death machine." Was he sweating? It felt like he was sweating. "Billions of people fly every year."
He thought about that for a moment. Was there something about Dean that made him better than anyone else? To Meg, no. And maybe not to the rest of the world. But to him?
"Yeah." Dean cleared his throat and tried to look less sick. "Told you he'd be fine," he shot at Claire. "Wasn't even worried." His voice was too rough to sound convincing. He cleared his throat again and squared his shoulders.
“That’ll teach you not to read other people’s texts,” said Garth over his food.
Dean let out a deep sigh. “I’m not mad, Cas. I just... forget it.”
“Jimmy?”
Castiel searched in the dark for Dean’s hand, and took it, and kissed it. And held onto it for good measure. “I am, now.”
“Aww, see. Sad lesbian.”
“I’m begging you to stop,” said Castiel.
“Ew,” said Sam from the couch. Dean put his palm in front of his brother’s face and kissed Castiel again.
Autumn had come and gone without change. It was past Christmas, past the New Year, and he was still letting bullies pick on him to avoid attracting attention, doing his homework to avoid getting a yelling from his mother, begging Mary for a word from his father to avoid going out of his mind, but whenever he asked about John the most he got was a halfhearted answer and a silent treatment. He couldn’t really blame her when he was the reason her husband was in prison.
“Naomi,” said Castiel as he passed her by on his way into the living room.
“Oh, I’ve already got what I want.” The way she said it. It made Castiel’s skin crawl. “Say hi, kid.”
He tried to clean some more blood off his shirt, but it was futile. He stepped out of the house, looking for Dean, and ran straight into Meg.
Balthazar snorted. Charlie shook her head silently, shoving her hands into the pockets of her hoodie.
“Did you tell the truth?”
“You’re gonna have to try a little harder if you wanna intimidate me, buddy.”
Jack followed her to the kitchen, and Dean started browsing. He wasn't really paying attention to what he was doing. Jack showed up in the living room after a moment with forks and knives in his hands.
April huffed at him in this
He was taking a break. Dean was studying. Their last exam was the next afternoon, which meant they had tomorrow morning off.
Granted, he liked bars, and this party was at one. But that didn’t make the socializing part any better. Especially since there wasn’t even going to be any alcohol.
. Were they… afraid of him?
He didn’t really trust his voice, so he just nodded and followed Cas into the house. It
award.” There was a round of strong applause from the teachers and much weaker applause from the students. When it faded, she added more quietly, “No relation to the local bookstore.”
"Of course I'm the one who has to handle the poop," Dean muttered when they heard a knock on the door.
“You are not killing any princes.”
“Yeah.”
“I’m good,” he said. “I think I’ll go home, though.”
“Oh, I’m devastated,” said Dean. Castiel stretched an arm around his shoulders, and he rested his head back on it and stared at the ceiling. “You know if it weren’t for you I’d be getting all the treats in my Waluigi costume right now.”
“And you still weren’t afraid of him?”
“That’s neither an embarrassing memory nor a dark secret.”
"Work trip," they both answered at the same time.
Month after month passed, and Bobby’s words proved truer with every attempt to bring Dean back. Castiel read, drove, dug, searched, interrogated, tortured, spelled, chanted, prayed, and hit a dead end every time anew. No demon wanted to make a deal with him. No witch was willing to help a hunter. No monster gave up information.
He glanced at the empty shop around him, and back at Meg’s face.
“So does your seventh armpit,” said the librarian. She took a seat and put her feet up on a table.
They had a witness.
“Yeah? With what?”
Dean turned to look at him. “You’re right. I’m sorry. I’m just having a hard time wrapping my head around all this. I mean, Sam... And Jo, Jesus. I’m...”
“So I’m sitting there.”
It was too wrinkled, the ink too smudged for her to read it all, but fractions of sentences were still readable.
“We’ll catch up with you,” Dean said. Charlie disappeared, but Cas was still spacing out. Dean touched his elbow. “What’s up?” He worked to sound casual.
“I'm your subconscious, you butt.” Dean dropped into a chair, and with him, all of Castiel’s faith. “I have no idea where the real me is.”
Dean’s eyes shot to the door. It had stayed closed.
Dean sighed, gritting his teeth. “If you tell anyone about this I will use cafeteria forks to impale you,” he warned, raising a finger threateningly. Castiel nodded keenly.
“You lied to me,” Dean said, still backing away with him.
In ten short hours, they’d be at Bobby’s.
There wasn’t time for uncertainty. He closed the door, and locked it behind him.
“No way,” said Sam and stepped closer to have a look. “That's my Division Championship soccer trophy. I can't believe he kept this.”
Garth’s eyes jumped between them. He was clutching his side a little too tightly.
“Honestly,” he said, his voice almost pleading. “I didn’t mean…”
“Who’s back?”
"Alright. Straight to business." He looked at Cas through the glass and pressed his lips together to stop himself from smiling. He didn't have a lot to look forward to except for Cas' visits these days. It was good to see his face. "What's new?"
He closed his eyes and rubbed them with the palm of his hand, making an effort to shake the pictures away.
“Mhm.”
“Oh. Well, I’m in Wayward Sisters, and you’re back home. I know geography can be confusing...”
“He told me he got another job last week,” said Castiel. “We were hoping it was here.”
She was sitting on her bed, talking into her phone. When Castiel entered, she glanced at him, mumbled a “Later” and hung up.
It was impossible.
“What’s wrong with blue?” Dean asked.
“We have to call the police or tell someone before one of the kids goes up and finds her.”
“That’s what I said.”
“…Oh.”
“You told her about monsters?” Castiel demanded.
“Ha. So what is your type?”
Someone came to stand beside him. “Hey.”
"No, I think it's..." Castiel pursed his lips to suppress a smile. "Cute."
He looked up. Cas was standing beside him, two acorns in his hand. He leaned closer to Dean, his face deadpan. “Was the snowman verbally abusive while I was gone?”
“He wants nothing romantic to do with me,” he said. “I know it.”
The weather forecast said it would rain.
“Man, if I were straight.” Charlie leaned her head on her hands.
Outside, he called Bobby.
“Yeah,” Dean mumbled back. He glanced up at Cas, smiling nervously, and looked at their hands, meeting in the middle of the counter when he handed Cas his change. “’Ere you go.”
“Good...?”
“Yes. It’s no big deal. These things happen to every guy sometimes, it’s almost common. You just need to understand that what we do is really important for the cause, Castiel. If a few people that didn't deserve it get hurt on the way… That’s just what we have to do for our people.”
“No, it isn’t.” Dean let out half a smile. “Just the first time I... got attached.”
Damn Dean Winchester and his heart and his words.
He dropped to his knees, barely registering that his calves were soaking in blood. Dean’s blood.
“A portrait?” Dean asked. “But it’s candy.” And he squinted at the pile like he was trying to find a face in it.
“This one’s good,” said Dean. “Can we see it?”
Dean glanced sideways at him. “As a... friend.” He ran a hand through his no-longer slick hair. If at the beginning of the evening he’d looked like a fake vampire, he bet now, limping, with face white from pain and a dirty, torn cape, he looked more like a real one.
Engaged. It was hard to imagine that word had anything to do with him.
“I love you,” he said. “Even when I’m mad. Even when I’m far away. Even when I don't say it, when I study, when I’m in a family dinner – I never stop loving you. I love you when I wake up, and when I go to sleep. I love you when you're being an asshole and I have to put up with you, and I love you when I’m being an asshole and you have to put up with me. I know I never say it, but that's not because I don't feel it. It’s just...” He paused to breathe. It was more difficult than he’d accounted for. It took a minute to steady his breath. “It's just hard. Now, this has been enough feelings for ten years, so we're done here.” He nodded decisively, as if it would strengthen his point.
“What? In sixteen years we’ll be over thirty-five. That’s like eighty for a hunter. Claire, if you’re watching this and I’m gone, I want you to leave a cheeseburger on my grave the next time you visit.”
Dean grinned.
Castiel’s head tilted.
Bobby waved his hand in dismissal. “We don’t have time for this.”
“I...” said Dean. "I don’t know.”
“An upgrade,” he said.
“Charlie took everyone with her except Abbadon and Rowena,” Sam added.
"What happened back there?"
stuck up.
“No, I’m...” Dean huffed, and shook his head at their hands. “I’m actually looking forward to it. You know, Sammy and I don’t get a lot of family moments, especially not in the past two years... And you’ll be there, so.”
Cas glanced around them. “Is this because...?”
Cas’ smile grew wider, and his lips pressed against Dean’s face, warming his skin.
“Yeah,” Dean said, gesturing at Castiel’s entire form. “Because you’re… Blue.”
April looked at the two of them suspiciously. "What thing?"
So, this was awkward.
“Definitely not him,” Cas said, and it felt like everything Dean has ever dreamed of just came true. And then Cas shifted to face him, one leg folded on the couch with his knee almost touching Dean’s thigh – almost like they were friends.
“I’m not implying it. I’m straight up saying it, you moron.”
“I know,” said Dean, slowing his pace and resting his palms smoothly on the table. “I’ve been thinking the same thing. We need to dock and renew our supplies.”
“Dean, it’s a trap,” Castiel said quietly.
didn’t sound quite appropriate. “So what are we doing?”
“Nothin’,” he said. “Just glad I’m here with you.” And then, like a perfect assbutt, he added, "Now, give Timothy back."
“It’s okay.” Cas shrugged him off and kept walking.
“Stop giving me this gross… sea lettuce,” Dean grumbled and wiped monster spit off his face. “Eh… thanks, though.”
The snowball was almost to Panictown, and he desperately wanted to be the only one around when it crashed.
“You solved the problem, though, right?” He asked, and he didn’t know why he was asking it. Why he felt the need to ask it. “You killed Lilith. So that's what matters.”
“Next!”
“Point is, I’m sure we’ll find something to do. Plus, you’ll get to know each other, since the last time you met was during a murder fest at your brother’s house.”
"Family," said Claire. "Is he okay?"
Cas nodded. “I see.”
“Dope,” said Andy.
Dean accepted his mug gladly.
“What is?” Charlie asked, still not looking up.
“Nah,” said Dean.
“You’re a perfectionist.”
“Been a while,” said Dean.
Castiel already felt his chest flood with a thick, horrible feeling, like he was sinking into hot lava knowing he had no way to stop it from suffocating him. But Dean said one more thing.
Cas nodded. “You’ll make it work, then.”
Gordon stood still, staring at him with dark eyes. Dean returned him an even look. Lifted his chin up a little. Started walking away.
C plus.
Dean snorted. “No, Iron Man isn’t real. Not in this universe, anyway. No, Cas. Regular unnatural stuff. Stuff that’s not natural. Like ghosts. And demons. And vampires and Satan.”
Someone scored a touchdown. Gordon or Balthazar, maybe. Not Dean. Not his number.
“Stop trying to get into the demon’s pants, Cas,” he muttered.
And more personal things. Details Castiel can’t imagine anyone knows except the two of them.
They looked at each other.
“We’ll be out of your way,” said Dean and started making his way above containers and out of the room.
Bobby left with him. He patted Castiel’s shoulder and said, “Hang in there, kid.”
“Get out of my way,” Castiel said to him.
And he let go of the pole, swinging into the open air. It felt like flying: the wind ruffling his hair, puffing his clothes, scattering around the flour that still stuck to his skin. For a moment, the wind shrieked wildly in his ears – at least, he thought it was the wind, since it would take quite the determination for a human being to utter the sound – and then his face slammed hard into something concrete. The collision pushed him back into the open air, before he swung back and the solid material stroke again.
Dean’s nose still throbbed, but Charlie didn’t pay him a second glance after he sat down. It must have looked alright. Tomorrow he would probably forget about the whole thing. Gordon's punches really were only so-so.
"I know you're sad that he's not here," said Claire, "But I am. And sometimes it just feels like you left, too, when Cas did."
,” Dean said, forgetting all about his mental monologue about holiday morals. Cas rolled his eyes. He glanced in Mary’s direction, and took a step in Dean’s direction. And stood.
"Okay, but say you found out this creature wasn't all bad, and could actually improve and become a good person?"
Mary insisted that they had another Christmas Movie Night on December thirty-first. Cas and Dean were going back to college the next day – winter break wasn’t over, but Dean thought it better for everyone if they got back early, with the excuse of having to study. Cas didn’t argue.
“Same difference.”
“Take what you can get. I’ll pick you up the last day of classes, eight p.m. It’s a couple hours’ drive.” He stood up and reached for the door. With his hand on the handle, he turned around. “Thanks,” he said. Cas nodded at him. And that was their last conversation for the next month.
He supposed time would tell.
Dean looked up from his screen. “Good.” He seemed more disturbed than distracted.
“I know it’s happening,” he said, trying to stifle the edge in his voice. Considering the way each of them has handled this so far, Bobby should be frustrated with him, not the other way around.
Charlie pouted at him. He didn’t budge. Finally, she got up and left to help other customers, patting his shoulder as she went.
“Works for me.”
“Yeah.”
“I’m not talking eyes, okay? If that’s what you mean.”
By his side Dean slid closer, facing the angry group that, for the first time – exclude the day he boarded Dean’s ship and found them dressed up in ridiculous costumes –actually looked like a bunch of menacing, murderous pirates.
“This is nice,” said Dean, holding a tangle in the shape of a circle. “It’s like a glowing fairy tiara.” He placed it on Castiel’s head, and appraised him for a moment. “
“Are you dating that guy?” Asked Gabriel.
“I never asked how did it go with the essay.”
"We didn't hijack nothing," Dean shot back. "Her mother gave her to me. What was I supposed to do, leave her by the vending machine with a five in her pocket?"
For the past third of a year, every passing month felt like a decade, and he'd been fighting with all he had to keep Dean alive in his head. How was he supposed to give up now? How was he supposed to let go? To stop fighting all his instincts, to give in to the easy choice, to let dean die for good?
That wasn't what woke him up. It must have been the alarm, which Dean had turned off, only to turn around and bother him so that he wouldn't have to get up himself.
“It’s not that, anyway” Dean said now. “It’s something else.”
“Nah,” said Dean. “Let it sit for a couple of days. Otherwise it doesn’t feel like you earned it.”
“Alright... Thanks. I’ll be right behind you with the last one.”
“You gave yourself a wedgie on a branch in the yard,” said Cas.
“I want to be prepared.” He shrugged.
Cas’ answer came out plain and simple. “Or maybe you should start reading it.”
“Dean’s missing,” he said tiredly, rubbing a hand at his face.
“Yeah, okay. I’ll tell him.” He turned back around and touched Cas’ shoulder. “Hey.” He pointed at Meg, working to make his voice sound casual. “Garth got you another date.”
He should have said more. More of what – he had no idea, but
Mary was wearing a red and white festive sweater that made Dean’s eyes cut to Cas’ face; his mom was a dork. Cas looked undeterred by the mom-ness, though.
Dean kept his tone impassive. “Every single one.”
Don’t you feel weird about it?”
Slowly, deliberately, Dean’s sword shifted to point at Castiel’s heart. In the silent cave, his voice was loud and clear:
It took about an entire two minutes for the door to open. Chuck stood on the other side, smiling at him with surprise.
"Watch it," Dean said, but there was the shadow of a smile on his lips.
Dean’s lips tightened. But he didn’t argue any further.
This time he had a ready answer. “Because I’m bored.”
"Takes time to get used to hearing the bell from upstairs," said Dean.
“Not really.” He took a step forward, but Henry didn’t move.
“How did you know?” Dean asked.
“Okay,” he said. “Ground rule: we split all house-related expenses.”
“I thought you didn’t want to be feelsy anymore.”
“That’s the word.”
“I knew it!” Charlie called.
“Aw, crap. I don’t have cash.” He handed Cas the book. “Sorry. I wasn’t expecting to actually get anything.”
“Jurassic Park.”
“That’s it,” said Castiel innocently.
Castiel took one look towards the kitchen, and decided he’d rather stay where he was.
“Too much?”
“Giving up so fast?” his mouth was saying, even as his eyes narrowed.
He sighed. “Come on. You know you’re not getting out of this. Let him go.”
“You once stopped wearing classic rock bands T-shirts for an entire months because I said they made you look like a thirteen year old,” he countered. “I didn’t even know you had other clothes.”
As the captain watched him, not a single muscle in Castiel’s face twitched.
“Alright?”
“I hope I'm not getting you into trouble,” he said a minute later at Dean's doorstep.
"I don't know," he repeated. "Dead?"
Banging on the door.
you’re pretty.”
He started to protest as they got inside, but she turned and held up an envelope. It had his name on it. He snatched it from her hand, scowling at her for good measure as he tore it open.
“Yeah, yeah,” said Bobby. As Castiel stepped out of the car, he thought he heard him mumble, “Ungrateful Winchesters” under his breath.
