Steve instantly jerked away from his friend. "I-I am not! Absolutely not! I would never have relations with a teammate, that would be extremely unprofessional!"
"I don't need you keeping an eye on me," Iron Man flipped him off.
"Please let me go," Peter breathed out, his voice cracking on the last word. Steve slid off of him. Natasha made a move to pull Peter into his arms, but he shied away.
"Sorry about your house, Ms. Potts," Natasha apologized as she jumped over Pepper and stabbed knives through the eyes of a rogue bot.
By nightfall, the Avengers were once again assembled on the Hellicarrier. They had formed a protective barrier around their bot, not letting anyone so much as look at him. Fury had made it clear that no one would harm Iron Man, but the Avengers still felt the need to protect him.
"You have a son?" Steve looked Tony dead in the eye. "You have a son. And you didn't tell any of us?" The entire team was gathered in the kitchen at the Avengers compound. They had all been having breakfast when Happy walked in, asking where 'the kid' was, and why he wasn't answering his phone. This prompted a lot of "what kid?" questions and Tony had no choice but to tell his teammates the truth. Happy quickly left the room, not wanting to be a part of what was about to go down.
"Not this time," Thor smiled ever so slightly. "I mean about Bruce and Wanda."
"So you're gonna lay low here until they calm down?" Ned asked. "I'd have to ask my mom-"
Iron Man strapped Peter to a table as the rest of the team started to filter in.
"You're not required to act on your feelings, Stevie," Bucky assured him. "But it's not healthy to keep them bottled up either."
Happy nodded and hurried off.
For a moment, Iron Man was frozen in place, his eyes locked on Steve. Thunder crashed, illuminating the soldier's anger stricken face. Steve made a grab for Tony, but he quickly shot sideways across the deck. "Iron Man!" Steve pleaded, expression shifting into something that Tony couldn't quite make out.
Steve looked down at the bolt in his hand, running his gloved thumb over the red paint on the end. After two months, he couldn't find it in him to be mad at Tony anymore. They were still going to have a serious talk when they found him, but that was the least of his concerns. The wrongs they had done to each other seemed so small now. Tony was missing. Obadiah was still alive. They had figured that out a few weeks ago. Tony could be bleeding out in a ditch somewhere. He could already be dead. It was a very high possibility. And Steve felt sick just thinking about it. He didn't care about the lies Tony had told anymore. Didn't care about trying to make their relationship work. He just wanted to find Tony. Steve needed to know that he was alive. That he was breathing. That was all that mattered at this point in time.
"Peter, we need to go." Steve's voice pulled Peter back into the present. But it wasn't Steve who was standing before him, even if it looked like the Captain. It wasn't him. It was Bruce. That damn witch must have put a spell on him.
"Iron Man!!" Steve dropped his shield and raced to his friend's side. The Avengers swarmed around their fallen teammate. Steve practically fell on top of his friend, cupping his face with his hands. Iron Man's eyes were dark. But the arc reactor still glowed. He was alive. "Iron Man! Can you hear me?!" Iron Man gave a small nod. Steve let out a shaky breath.
Fury shook his head and had Peter lean against the wall, "he looks fine. Well, actually, he looks like he's at death's door. But he's talking in complete sentences. That's good enough for me." He turned the force field on over Tony's cell, then put a pair of handcuffs on Peter.
"The Goblin is dead! I don't know what you're playing at but you're an awful liar, Stark!" Spider-man's finger's twitched as if he couldn't decide whether to use his webs or fists. "How do I know you weren't controlling my spider sense from the start? This whole adoption thing is just so you can have more control over me, isn't it?!"
"No, but-"
Tony cursed, "plan B!" He grabbed the bot by the shoulders and activated his uni-beam. The blast shot straight through the bot and even managed to take out a few behind it. A second wave of bots crashed through one of the remaining windows. "Shit."
"Weird..." Peter stared at his reflection for a minute before speaking again, "where are we? Do we live here?"
Back at the compound, the rest of the team was scrambling to get on the quinjet. They had been called to battle by Steve less than ten minutes ago. Suddenly, there was a loud bang and a roar of an aircraft. Iron Man sailed overhead and landed on the steps of the medical building with a loud metallic thud.
"No, I don't!"
"You gave us quite a scare, Man of Iron. I do not think that now is a good time for jokes," Thor frowned at him.
The explosion shorted out Tony's suit. He was barely clinging to consciousness as he plummetted through the clouds. One of the bots grabbed him by the ankle, successfully stopping his fall. Tony used the last of his strength to lift his head. The bot stared down at him, soulless blue eyes meeting Tony's own. Tony let himself go limp, arms dangling below his head as darkness overtook his vision.
"Absolutely not. My stumps-"
May was a smart kid and caught on to what Tony was saying fairly quickly. She hadn't inherited any of Peter's powers. Tony had once asked Peter if he was disappointed. Peter claimed he was glad she didn't have his powers.
"Okay. But if you do, just let me know," Clint pointed his fork at Peter.
"Of course not!" Peter snapped. A shiver ran down his spine. Natasha was staring at him in such a way that he felt like she could see his very soul.
"You're lying. He's still in there somewhere," Michelle continued to smile. "C'mon, Petey. Come back to me."
"I had hoped things would go differently. Time for plan B," Ultron waved his arm, calling several of Tony's other suits into the fray.
The suit latched onto Tony's arm and unfurled around him. He was out of the car and blasting off in mere seconds. Steve cursed under his breath and got out to follow on foot.
"We have company!" Bruce called out. He was keeping an eye on the monitors, which had just picked up three other Quinjets.
Steve hung his head and took a deep breath. "Anyone else out?"
"Why not?" Bruce frowned.
"SHIT SHIT SHIT!" Tony yelled. "Guess that explains why my suits wouldn't come to me...C'mere, you little bastard!" He rocketed at Ultron's chest, grabbing hold of him and crashing through the large windows of the living room.
"No," Iron Man refused.
Powerful wings beat directly above them. Claws wrapped around Steve's torso. With a shocked cry, the Captain was yanked into the air. Tony threw out his legs and arms, keeping himself from sliding down the tunnel any further. He scrambled back out of the hill, his heart pounding in his chest.
"He probably just went for a walk. Get some fresh air, ya know?" Steve tried to calm him down, to no avail.
Thor took the can, rolling it in his large hands, carefully inspecting it. "I do not trust this."
"They just want to help," Rhodey said.
"Get rid of evidence?" Natasha suggested, "or more likely, it was just weighing him down."
Steve sat on the floor of his bedroom, leaning against the bed. His sketchbooks were spread out around him. One of the larger ones was open in his lap. Steve smiled fondly at the pictures as he thumbed through them. They were all drawings of Iron Man. A lot were of him in his workshop, performing various tasks. While others were of Iron Man interacting with the team. One of Steve's favorites was a sketch of Clint lying face down on the carpet, with Iron Man sitting cross-legged on top of him, looking awfully proud of himself. Steve smiled at the memory. The bot was more than happy to hold still long enough for Steve to render the picture in full color.
Meanwhile, Tony was dragging himself to the stairwell that led to his workshop. The arc reactor was scraping along the floor, its light flickering wildly. He could feel the shrapnel in his chest start to move. His body felt heavy. It was getting a little difficult to breathe. Tony grabbed the railing and pulled himself to his feet. Not too much further. He can make it. One foot in front of the other. God, his chest felt like it was on fire. Breath. In. Out. Breath. Tony's knees gave out. With a shout, he tumbled down the steps, hitting the bottom with a loud thud. The light in his chest went out.
Osborn snarled. "Stark, you have one hour left. Bring me the venom. Or else." He fired the gun again, it grazed Peter's shoulder.
"Stay back, Cap. I got this!" Tony called right before Venom kicked him square in the chest, slamming him against the wall with a loud metallic clang.
"The one and only. Jarvis, can you get the lights? Thanks." Steve shielded his eyes from the sudden bright light. Iron Man was sitting on the edge of his bed, hands still clasped on Steve's shoulders. Iron Man spoke again, "Jarvis said you were in distress. Are you alright?"
Tony snorted, earning a look from Steve. Peter had been living with the Avengers since Aunt May had passed away when he was 15. No one had ever adopted Peter, as much as Steve and Tony wanted too. The two Avengers were married and fought for a long time to get custody of Peter. But they had been denied on the grounds that it would be unsafe for the teen. Natasha tried to adopt him at one point but had been denied for the same reasons. Peter seemed to consider Tony and Steve his parents, none the less. The whole team was like a dysfunctional family to him.
"I'm not here to take over the world," Iron Man groaned. There had been a lot of shots taken at him tonight, and Tony was getting tired of it. Yes, he was a bot. Shut up already. Tony smiled when an idea popped into his head. A very bad idea. He snapped his head in Clint's direction. Iron Man growled, "yet," while he turned the eyes of his helmet red. It was a new feature and he wasn't 100% sure it would work, but apparently, it did, judging by Clint's reaction.
"Those weren't my words! Agent Hill instructed me to say those things-"
Happy threw it at the back of his head. Peter caught it without batting an eye.
Bucky took the bolt from Steve and compared it to one that he had just retrieved from Iron Man's workshop. "It's one of his alright. Think it's from his shoulder. Could be part of the knee joint, though. Did she have anything else?"
Tony Stark didn't want to die.
Tony just really needed coffee. And the workshop was out. The Avengers better have some in their kitchen. Otherwise, there would be hell to pay. Luckily, someone had just gone grocery shopping and there was more than enough to satisfy the fatigued cyborg. Tony got the coffee maker going and moved over to the fridge. He still didn't quite have his appetite back. The stuff he had seen done to his own body at AIM had kind of ruined that. Steve was breathing down his neck about eating regularly, so he was making an attempt to do so. Tony stared at the open fridge, making no move to grab anything. Despite being exhausted, his brain was wide awake. It had been on overdrive ever since his escape and showed no signs of slowing down anytime soon.
"He's emotionally and physically exhausted. I can't allow him to pilot his armor like this," Steve put his hands on his hips.
And that was how Harry was feeling right now.
"Why not build new legs if they cause you so much grief?"
"I don't know. Ask him yourself," Peter shrugged.
Steve jabbed him in the chest. "You are now. And you're hurting Peter emotionally. Clean up your act, Stark. Or else."
"You deserved that."
The reporter ignored him.
"You," Steve smiled. The pencil squeaked when he darkened the jawline. Tony blinked. He was a bit shocked to see just how close Steve had gotten to the real deal. Was his personality that obvious?
"25 minutes away, sir."
Let me know if you enjoyed, your comments keep me writing! :D
Tony wrapped his arms around his son, giving him a loving clap on the back. "Happy birthday, Petey."
Iron Man held up his repulsors, "are you going to keep talking, or are we going to fight?"
"I don't need a minute," Tony let go of his shirt and stood up. "Let's go. I've had enough of water for today." He glared at the storm clouds.
"You'd hear him if he were here," FRIDAY pointed out.
"Hey, you said five minutes!" Tony reminded. Fury ignored him, looping an arm around the boy to steady him as they walked out of the cell.
"Spider-man. I saw what you did to him in the graveyard. What would you like in exchange for me taking him off your hands? Money? Booze? You name it. Just give me the boy."
"Iron Man, you literally sat on the floor and did nothing while I walked away with it." Rhodes pinched the bridge of his nose.
"No. I didn't seriously hurt anyone, did I?"
"What's this about a boyfriend?" Sam walked in right then, a large bowl of popcorn in his arms.
Steve got real close to Harry, "Spider-man was here last night. And something very bad happened to him because of it. We want answers."
As always, thank you for reading and let me know if you enjoyed! :)
"I-Iron Man?"
Clint got to his feet and stretched. "Is that even a question? Let me find my gloves..."
"Let's go beat some people up," Deadpool suggested.
May hugged the stuffed spider in her lap. The poor thing was little more than rags, with two of its eight legs missing. She was just as energetic and reckless as her father, and the toy had paid the price for it.
In a flash, Spider-man had drawn the gun and pointed it at Tony. "One more step and I will do it." He warned, clicking off the safety.
"I suppose so." Steve hummed. "It's complicated, though. I'm still figuring it out."
"Correct. I'm sure staying indoors for days on end isn't helping your condition." Natasha and Peter stepped into the elevator and were silent the entire ride down to the lobby. Natasha didn't start talking again until they were several blocks from the tower. "How are you feeling?"
Spider-man sat back on his haunches, adjusting the goggles on his homemade costume. A costume he hadn't worn since his battle against the Vulture. Peter had meant what he said about giving up being Spider-man. He wasn't planning on going on patrol that night, but he needed to clear his head and web slinging was the only way to do it.
"YOU KNEW?!" Tony roared so loudly that the speakers crackled. Everyone jumped back except for Bruce, who held his ground. Tony approached the shorter man, fists balled at his sides. He hadn't so much as uttered the word "AIM" to Rhodey and Pepper. How the hell did Bruce know about it? "You
"There were two guys behind you and I knew you would move," Iron Man assured him.
Once everyone started to settle down, Steve suggested they go get dinner.
"Oh my god..." Steve whispered. He set the box down on the table and thumbed through the albums. He recognized every single one of the singers. Some of the music could still be found online, but a lot of what was in the box had been lost in time. "This is...I don't know what to say...are you sure I can have these?"
"Tony Stark, I feel like you have some explaining to do," Fury kicked what might have once been an earpiece. The round object bounced across the room and rolled under the tool cart. Fury sent Tony a death glare. Steve grabbed Tony's hand and gave it a squeeze. "Or Iron Man. Whatever the hell you go by these days."
"I didn't, though. Not in the beginning. Sure, we saved the world from an alien invasion. But that didn't mean I could trust you. Especially since two of you were known double agents. I just couldn't take my chances," Tony shrugged.
"Hey, Tony, your phone keeps buzzing," Cap tossed Tony the phone.
"But it didn't work," Iron Man continued. "I didn't feel a damn thing."
"Yes. This isn't a debate. You're fucked up and I'm going to kill you. Slowly. And painfully."
Looks like we have a traitor in our midst!
"They call themselves the Avengers. Don't take them lightly. They will kill you without batting an eye. Here, put this on. It's more...you." Wanda held out Spider-man's classic costume. She had snagged it for him before they left the compound.
"I'll help," Iron Man said.
"Strange that your aunt died the same day the Avengers had to fight a bunch of robots in Queens."
Peter yawned and headed up to his bedroom, where Michelle was waiting for him. She put her book down when he flopped onto the bed.
"Take the head apart," Iron Man pushed one of the holograms his way.
On screen, the two groups seemed to have come to some sort of agreement. The camera panned out to show the police were backing off. The paramedics who had just arrived went about tending to the deceased. Captain America pulled Spider-man aside and spoke to him for a solid minute before the arachnid retreated to the Quinjet.
"Because we know they exist," Bruce muttered. "Where is your kid, anyway?"
Steve cursed under his breath. "FRIDAY, assemble the Avengers."
"Thanks..." Steve slowly lowered the cup from his lips, having almost drunk some. "How's life in the garage?" He leaned against the wall, watching Iron Man dig through a box of tools.
"I got your six, Cap!" Iron Man called over the comms. Steve didn't bother looking up. He didn't need to. He could hear the roar of the robot's rocket boots overhead. A repulsor blast, followed by a small explosion and several cries of pain. Steve did look back at that, although he wasn't too surprised to see the truck that had been tailing him blown to bits.
"We've already established that Iron Man doesn't have genitals," Bruce called from the kitchen.
Tony.
"Seriously? I do
"H-Harry, please..." Peter stammered, his spider sense was screaming at him. His hand ghosted over the panic button in his pocket. No. He had to fix this himself. He held up both hands in surrender. "I don't want to fight you. Please put the gun down."
"Yeah...
"Don't flatter yourself, It's not that long," Rhodey rolled his eyes. Tony patted his flesh hand along various other parts of his body, mumbling about things that needed to be fixed. The eyelid shutters, in particular, were scratched up pretty bad. Tony didn't need to know that though. What he needed was to focus on the conversation. "Tony, we need to talk. You've been missing for three months."
"Don't tell anyone," Tony said when Bucky had his hand on the doorknob. "Please. I know you don't understand. But I have my reasons for hiding behind a suit of armor. If the Avengers find out..." Tony clutched the helmet close to his chest. "Please. Don't tell anyone. Especially not Steve." Bucky looked back at him. Tony looked...exhausted. Broken. Bucky felt compelled to hug him, but he stayed firmly planted to his spot.
"Wait, what?!" Rhodey gasped in horror. "Wanda's in on this?!"
"Guys, is this a code green?" Bruce said over the comms.
Peter straightened up. He had never met Thor in person. The god had been MIA since the Ultron incident.
"Those bastards are going to have to try a lot harder if they want to kill me. They only got a few good hits in today because I wasn't thinking straight." They stood in silence for a long time after that, their fingers interlocked.
"Weird..." Clint looked between the two soldiers.
Tony opened his eyes to see the suit's hand wrapped around Peter's throat. The tasers in the suit's finger tips activated.
"The fuck does that mean?" Clint frowned.
"I told you, a walk."
Spider-man glared up at his captors from his place on the floor. His hands and feet had been bound by the same glowing red substance as before. He guessed that it was a rope Wanda had enchanted and that the witch had something to do with the previous two times he had been held still by glowing red restraints.
Robert nodded solemnly. "Glad to hear it. You fighting back. Not them coming after you, I mean."
"What happened to the Hulk and Scarlet Witch?"
"Sir, I must intervene," Jarvis finally spoke. The AI turned the lights on. It must have sent some sort of signal to the bots as well because they were all backing off now.
"It's not a crush."
Peter grabbed onto Venom's head and shoving him to the ground. He applied a great deal of pressure to Venom's head, trying to crush the skull that wasn't there. His hands dipped into the ink-like substance, tendrils twisting its way up his arms. Peter punched Venom in the face, but instead of making contact like last time, the symbiote momentarily liquified its head, then reformed around Peter's hand, successfully trapping it in the black goo.
"I try," Peter murmured. "I'm your friendly neighborhood Spider-man. It's kinda important that I stay happy-go-lucky."
"You don't know that!" Steve shot back. Tony forced himself to look up at Steve, ignoring the pain that shot through his neck when he did so. Was the super soldier really defending him? "I know Iron Man. He's not a killer." He sent Iron Man a reassuring smile.
"I was scared," Tony admitted.
Peter woke up in his own bed. Well not quiet his own bed. He was in his former room at the compound. The room was completely empty, but someone had put fresh sheets on the bed. Michelle was curled up next to Peter, fast asleep.
"We might not have to!" Clint pointed out. There hadn't been any new bots, and there weren't many of the previous waves left standing.
Tony pulled his shirt collar away from his chest and looked down at himself. The reactor had a large crack running across the center of the glass. The light flickered again before it stabilized. It was still a bit too dim for comfort, though. "Don't worry about it. Keep looking for the first aid kit." Tony went about looking for the spare reactor he had brought on the mission. Ever since the incident with Obadiah, he made sure there was always an extra one near his person. Just in case.
"I don't think so. Get up, kid," Iron Man took a battle stance, as did Peter.
"Is that what we are?" Sam leaned forward in his chair, giving Tony a cold look.
"You really want to stay with these people, Peter?" Bruce huffed. "You have scars inflicted by your own father."
"Shouldn't leave your food lying around then," Happy chuckled.
Tony scoffed. "He doesn't love me. I heard him talking to Clint and Barnes. He said he could never love a robot-"
Steve twisted around in his seat to look at Peter, "who's Ned? A boyfriend?"
"There are people who want me dead, too. That's why I don't really live in any one place. I gotta stay on the move," Peter put in.
"Sir-"
Peter mumbled something in his sleep and rolled onto his side.
Steve pulled another stool up to the work bench, taking a seat across from Peter. "Something troubling you, soldier?"
Steve blinked. "What for?"
"Peter said he had someone on the inside helping him," Clint pointed out.
"Long story," Peter shrugged.
"Fuck. Should've given him a stronger sedative..." Clint grumbled.
Steve lounged on the couch in Iron Man's lab, working in his sketchbook while the robot repaired one of Falcon's wings. AC/DC was playing softly in the background. It had been blaring loudly until Steve asked that it be turned down. Steve had tried to get him to play different music in the past, but Iron Man was very enthusiastic about his music tastes and refused to do so. Currently, Iron Man was playing the same song on loop, just to piss Steve off. Steve had half a mind to hit him over the head with a wrench. He glanced up every now and then at the robot who seemed to have made it his life's mission to push Steve's buttons. Iron Man had been in the same spot for the past three hours, making it easy for Steve to draw him in great detail. The conversation he had had with Clint and Bucky a few days ago was still fresh in his mind.
Clint was flying the jet. Steve thought he was going to find a rooftop or parking lot to land in, but he kept flying. They left the city limits in a matter of minutes. "We don't know who attacked us. Or if they have more missiles, we need to get out of here before civilians get hurt," he announced. Everyone murmured their agreement.
"Can I talk to him?" Steve pleaded. He needed to hear Tony's voice. He had just heard it, but he needed to hear it again. He needed solid proof that Tony was alive.
"No." Tony gave Banner a cold look. Fury sighed and punched a command into the screen on the wall. The energy field shut off. Tony hadn't been aware of the loud hum created by the field until it was gone. Tony went over to Peter and carded a hand through his hair. The wall crawler bolted up, fists flying. Tony grabbed him by the wrists. "Just me, Spider-man."
"Can we trust this one?" Thor asked.
"Yeah...about that..." Clint shifted around nervously.
"I said I'm done," Bucky said firmly.
"Steve deserves to know the truth, Tony."
"Why?!"
"So...did you like...get kicked off the team?" Ned asked.
"This is a mess," Tony dropped his hand and let out a long sigh.
"Your son is safe. I promise! He's going to meet us in Queens."
"Someone get Steve!" Clint said, and Bucky quickly hurried out of the room. He returned a few minutes later with a very worn out Captain America at his side. The man had deep bags under his eyes and hadn't shaved in a few days. His hair was a mess, and his usually pristine clothing was wrinkled. The moment his eyes fell on Iron Man, his entire face lit up.
"He says he's done being Spider-man," Tony reported, a lump forming in his throat. Steve watched sadly as Tony smoothed out the spider emblem on one of the suits.
"Fuck," Tony poured himself another drink. "I'll go find him."
"I'm sorry, but there was a strange man in my lab. What was I supposed to do?" Tony threw his hands in the air. "I didn't know if he had bad intentions or not!"
"Did you just sneeze?" Clint gasped.
"Working on it!" Steve responded.
"Not yet. MJ, you need to get out of here." Spider-man helped her down from the web.
Sam asked.
"I don't want your theories. I want real answers. Find me Banner."
"It's a copy. You won't know the difference-"
"Because this little revelation is going to tear them apart from the inside out. It's going to destroy Iron Man. Which is what I wanted. And it's going to destroy the Avengers. Which is what you wanted." Obadiah explained.
"I'm not made of glass. I'll stop by in the morning-"
"No." Stark said firmly. He could handle the missing file issue on his own. The armored Avenger had been uncharacteristically quiet during the meeting. He also hadn't spared a single glance at his son, opting to look anywhere other than at the younger man sitting right next to him.
"Iron Man would never do something like that!" Steve burst out. He was gripping the armrests of his chair so tight his knuckles turned white.
"Did you hit your head?" Steve still had his hands on either side of Iron Man's face.
"Good question," Tony shrugged. "Are we dating?"
Tony went completely rigid, unable to say anything even after Peter had finished. He took off the sunglasses and looked Peter dead in the eye. "Your sure it was them?"
Bucky shook his head. He was silent for a moment, looking down at the helmet in his hands. He had been suspicious of Iron Man for awhile. Ever since he saw the blood on Steve's sleeve. But no one else had questioned it at the time, so Bucky had remained silent. He didn't want to believe that there was an actual human being inside the armored exoskeleton. "Why tell everyone you're a robot?"
"I could list at least ten reasons right now," Natasha answered.
"These people have been feeding you lies for years," Bruce went on. "Steve and Natasha knew what I'd done from the start. They found out about my experiments right after Tony introduced us to you. But they kept their mouths shut."
"You haven't met him," Peter said.
Wanda shrugged, "wanted to see how far we could push it. Where you able to talk to him?"
"Like hell you are," Rhodey shook his head in disbelief. "Shoulda called me sooner." He slipped an arm under Iron Man's shoulders and pulled the bot close to his chest. Iron Man remained limp, allowing War Machine to move him as he pleased. "Jesus..." He tilted Iron Man's head back, inspecting the damage done to his neck. The metal plating was charred to hell, with motor oil and other liquids seeping out of the deep cuts.
"But you won't."
"I am focussed." Peter snapped. He had been sparring with Thor all morning. Steve was watching them from a safe distance, every once in awhile giving some advice. Although, Peter didn't really need it. Years of being trained by the Avengers had really paid off. The Avengers had recently started keeping a tally of who had won the most sparring matches. And so far, Spider-man was in second place, right behind Iron Man. No matter how hard he fought, he couldn't seem to defeat that man.
"Back off, Osborn!" Michelle rammed her own gun into the back of Harry's head.
"Doctor Banner tortured you," Deadpool stated. "And you had the chance to kill him. But you didn't."
"You got anyone you need me to beat up?" Clint offered.
"Shut it," Iron Man hissed. "I'm fine. I just need to repair myself."
"He's not my boyfriend."
"I know. Just not right now. Okay?"
"News outlets are reporting few casualties," Tony let his helmet fold back into his suit. He smiled proudly at Peter and clapped him on the back. "Nice work, kid."
"Whatever you say, Spider. Soon your head will be up on that wall, too."
Spider-man leaped off a semi, landing silently in the grass. An abandoned gas station stood not far away. He had been here before, two years ago when he had been after the Vulture. "Never thought I'd be back here..." Peter said under his breath.
"Osborn, you over dramatic piece of...oh no..." Tony froze. The smoke cloud was slowly lifting, revealing Spider-man's unmoving form. He lay on his side, his back to Tony. Tony was at his side in a flash, gingerly turning the young hero onto his back. "Kid? Can you hear me? Spider-man!!"
Air flooded into Tony's lungs. He doubled over, gasping in the sweet oxygen. The Avenger looked up to see Steve standing over him, shield in hand. "W-what hap-? Where's Peter?"
"TONY!" Steve was the first at his side, turning the fallen cyborg onto his back. He was horrifyingly pale, his eyes open just a fraction, yet not seeing anything. The reactor was dark and barely clinging to its housing. "Tony! Can you hear me?!" Steve put his hands on either side of his face and leaned in close.
"You gave me a human face," Iron Man tilted his head. "And body?"
"Stay with me, Stevie."
The man nodded. "Back when you first started this whole...yeah." He motioned vaguely to Peter. "You probably don't remember. It's fine though. I remember. And I want to buy you breakfast. C'mon!" He got to his feet and started walking. Peter followed close behind. They went to the nearest diner, and the man bought Peter a stack of pancakes, but only got coffee and a muffin for himself. Peter thanked the man profusely, but he just smiled and shook his head.
Peter ignored him, "MJ wanted to know if you and Steve wanted to come over for dinner sometime?"
"I'm going to legally change my middle name to 'Reckless'."
"Hi," Tony sat sideways in one of the chairs in front of Steve's desk. "What are you working on?"
Natasha clenched her fist. She took a deep breath, trying to remain calm. "You can't just give a child an Iron Man suit and expect everything to be fine. You better call your son right now-"
Without warning, Steve lunged. Tony let out a yelp and ducked out of the way.
"Did you have fun with grandpa this weekend?"
Spider-man tensed. Someone in the Avengers...someone in his family...had hired Doc Ock to kidnap him?
"This isn't funny," Pepper gave him a disapproving look.
Bucky nodded slowly. "Did you still want to get dinner tonight?"
Tony stepped aside. Peter kicked open the door. He had changed out of the top part of his suit, putting on a baggy white t-shirt in its place. He still wore the pants and boots of his costume. "Happy?" He held out his arms.
After a while, the three of them migrated to Tony's lab. He was helping May build a robot dog, and they were at the stage where the dog could freely walk around on its own, even do a few tricks. Rhodey was amazed at how good Tony was with kids. He spoke softly to May, never once losing his patience when she didn't understand something. He took his time to explain things in ways that a four-year-old would understand. The look on Tony's face was gentle and relaxed. He adored May. He adored her with all his heart.
Steve parked the car outside their living quarters and led Bucky inside. Everyone was waiting to welcome their newest member with open arms. Even Tony. Although, Bucky couldn't tell if he was genuinely glad to see him, or if he was being nice to spare Steve's feelings. He stiffened whenever Bucky got to close to him, so he figured it was probably the latter.
"It wouldn't be real," Steve shook his head. "All of Iron Man's emotions are fake. Computer generated. Anyone, including himself, could reprogram him to feel whatever."
Both Rhodey and Bucky's cellphones started blaring the Avengers alarm before the conversation could get any further.
The next few weeks went by rather smoothly. Tony roamed freely around his mansion, enjoying the time spent outside his armor. He had to use a wheelchair to get around until he fixed his prosthetic leg. And even then, Pepper still insisted on him using the chair, wanting him to take it easy.
The blast was much closer this time. A second shot rang out. Then a fourth. Then came the sound of metal crunching against metal. The sound of gunfire and repulsors quickly meshed into one giant jumble of unpleasant sounds. The sound was becoming louder. Closer.
Clint looked over at Spidey, "did you call Iron Man 'dad'? OOF!" Another tentacle had slammed into his chest, sending him sailing across the room.
Peter continued, "Toomes had a bunch of different hideouts, all over the coast. There's a good chance the baddies could still be using one or more of them."
"Anthony!" Pepper yelled from the doorway. Bucky stood behind her, looking scared.
"On it," Natasha was already retrieving the first aid kit by the emergency exit. "Let's get you fixed up, little spider."
After denting the wall with a sledgehammer, Tony picked up his helmet. Its now dark eyes stared at him. Mocking him. Pepper was right. Iron Man may be living up life, enjoying his new friendship with Steve and the Avengers. But Tony Stark was rotting away on the inside.
"I don't know. I'll send a postcard when I get there," Tony lied. He knew exactly where he was going. And what he was planning on doing when he got there.
"No, I'm not okay. But I'm trying," Tony hung his head. Steve moved his hand up Tony's thigh so that he could actually feel it. Which had been a wild guess on Steve's part. He wasn't sure exactly how much leg Tony actually had. Turns out he still had most of his left thigh.
Steve stepped close to Tony and put a hand on his flesh shoulder, giving it a loving squeeze. “We still would’ve forgiven you in time. I’m sorry that happened to you. I should’ve talked to you before things got…out of hand.”
"This is the
"I put it there."
"Hang on, buddy, almost there..." Tony muttered under his breath. He had been riding for a solid hour. The land had steadily become rockier, the hills steeper. Tony came to a halt next to a small stream, allowing his horse to take a break before continuing on up the mountain. Tony knelt down by the water and splashed his face with the clear liquid. The sun was beating down on the land, threatening to burn his skin. He wiped his forehead with the back of his hand and looked up at the castle. It couldn't be more than a few miles away at this point.
Steve let go of Peter's wrist and offered his hand to help him up.
Peter shrugged. "I want to help take her down. Besides, where else am I supposed to go? Stark took my memories. I don't even know my last name. Much less, where my home would be. Or was, if it's even still there."
"What?! No, Fury, you don't understand! It wasn't me-"
"Anthony's reactor. Obadiah, he..." Steve curled his fingers around an invisible object and made the motion of removing said object from his chest. Even in the dim light, everyone could see the way Bucky paled.
"He sticks to the ceiling," Bucky said. Steve looked up at that, realizing he had misunderstood what Bucky had said.
Michelle looked up at him, "of course I am. Are you?"
"Spiders are terrifying. Peter is terrifying. I have to keep looking up to make sure he's not there."
"I think so. This is going to be difficult to fix, but I think I can do it," Rhodey said softly.
"Every emotion that a human can."
"Already on it Cap!"
"I think it's a different strand. Bastards must have brought it with them," Steve grunted.
"Do you want to have a snowball fight or not?" Tony stopped in the doorway.
"I know, Tony. I know. You did the right thing. It's me who should be apologizing. I failed you." He planted a kiss on his forehead, "You don't have to be a robot for me to love you. I told you I'd love you no matter what you are, and I meant it."
Peter stumbled, regained his balance, and took off again, jumping over Natasha and sliding between Clint's legs. "My spider sense says not to trust you guys. I don't want to believe it. I thought you guys were my family." He perched himself in the rafters, looking down at his team.
"No, it isn't. Seriously, we need to-"
Steve put a hand on Tony's shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze. "No, we don't. You're plenty good enough just the way you are. Don't do this, Tony."
Peter refused to budge, "I don't know, Tony, the Iron Spider just seems like overkill."
I had a lot of fun writing this one and I hope you enjoyed reading it!
"So you're going to give up? Just like that?" Tony practically spat, not at all liking the way his son had been used.
Bruce held his hand out to Peter. "You said you trusted me."
"Stop. We get it," Natasha's hand ghosted over his back. "For the record, you're an idiot."
"I lied!" Peter waved his arms again.
"Yeah, yeah. Get changed and let's go get lunch," Harry jabbed him in the side. Spider-man hurried off, returning as Peter Parker shortly after. The two men went to a sub shop a few blocks over. They had a fairly pleasant conversation until Harry brought up his father.
Spider-man flipped into the air and webbed Steve to the ground.
"Some of the Avengers are still mad at you, buddy." Rhodey sighed. "I don't know if you should go home right after all the trauma you went through. I know you probably want to see your family, but if they see you...I don't think it will go over very well." Steve would want to see Tony. And Rhodey felt bad about denying both men the right to see each other after so long, but he just couldn't willingly let Tony walk into more emotional trauma. There's no telling how Clint would react. Or Bruce. Sam was starting to come around, so he might be okay. Keyword 'might'.
"Is it? You made it pretty clear last time we talked that you didn't want me within a five-mile radius of you," Tony kept his tone calm. "Or was it ten? I can't remember your exact words."
"I can't fix him," Tony muttered.
Peter shook his head, "no. That was Ned, my buddy from school. He remotely hacked into the Helicarrier to take out the security feeds."
"That's it, bucko. You're grounded," Tony grumbled as Spider-man thrashed in his arms. Tony tightened his grip although he was no match for Peter's super strength. Peter broke free only to realize that there was nowhere for him to web onto. Spider-man let out a panicked scream as he plummeted to the unforgiving concrete far below. "That's not what I meant!!" Iron Man dived down, arms outstretched. Right before he could grab Peter, the Vulture swooped in and snatched him up by the legs.
wasn't. All traces of the unique man who once occupied the space were...gone.
"Huh," Tony finally ate a spoonful of noodles. "This is good..."
"So I check for a fever? You sound like you're having trouble breathing," Steve tried to remove the helmet himself, but Iron Man grabbed his hands and pushed them down.
Peter shifted around, awkwardly folding his legs under himself.
Tony growled. He took a deep breath and spoke again in a calmer tone,
"Iron Man could break down that door. I've seen you do it."
Hulk growled, slowly turning to look at the person who dared shoot him in the back. Happy Hogan stood several yards away, gun raised and looking angrier than Peter ever thought possible.
"He was asleep in his room last I checked," Tony shrugged.
"Understandable," Bruce hummed. He was the only one who hadn't tried to set Steve up with someone. Yet. He turned his glass of water around in his hands, fingers tracing patterns into the condensation. "Speaking of which, I have a new list of songs to give you. Remind me when we get back to the compound."
Tony froze. "What do you mean deleted? I wouldn't delete...who accessed this document last?"
Steve was silent for a moment, searching Iron Man's face for something he knew wouldn't be visible. "Do you ever get nightmares?"
"What's this?" Tony pushed his welding mask up over his head. Peter had appeared before him with a plate of cookies.
Wanda crouched next to Peter, who was curled up in a tight ball on the couch. He whined in his sleep and scrunched his eyebrows together. Even in the almost unbearable cold, sweat dripped down Petet's face. Wanda stroked his hair, feeling slight guilt for leaving the boy with a single negative memory.
Iron Man closed his fist around the vial. "Show me the boy. Or you can say goodbye to this." Iron Man held up the vial once more, rolling the glass tube between his fingers.
"It would appear so," Obadiah smiled. "I'm surprised you actually showed up, Iron Man. I guess I made the right choice in threatening the life of your precious Captain."
he told himself. Iron Man quickly turned his attention back to the screen in front of him. Having Steve at his side would have to be enough.
"But you killed Obadiah," Steve pointed out. "Why stay in hiding?"
Spider-man shot a web at a branch and used it to launch himself into the air. He flipped around and landed a kick right between Doc Ock's shoulder blades. As he jumped back he did another flip. He was vaguely aware of landing in a mud puddle. His suit was so dirty at this point he was convinced that there was more mud than fabric. Peter had figured out early on that Doc Ock's extra limbs were made from some sort of Chitauri tech. They reminded him of the Vulture's wings. Maybe Doc Ock got his arms from the same people? Either way, there was no breaking the tentacles without some Chitauri tech of his own to do so. Peter would have to break the man connected to them in order to win.
"Oh, just fine, thank you for asking." Norman Osborn answered. "Mr. Parker is not available at the moment. Can I take a message?"
"Yet," Steve nodded with a soft smile. "Been dating two years. And Tony has a son."
Clint and Thor ended up rolling down the hill. It was a rather rough tumble that resulted in them calling quits on the wrestling. Or rather, Clint was the one who called it quits. The god was more than willing to keep wrestling. Clint was only on his feet for a few moments before a flash of red and a gust of wind knocked him over.
"In the flesh...Metal," he corrected himself before attacking the closest person, that being Steve.
Tony finally looked over at Steve. His jaw clenched at the sight of the photo. "Richard."
Tony's phone went off, showing Peter's name as the caller ID. "Hello?"
"No. Call back in a few hours and ask again."
"I honestly don't know. He was dimension hopping last I heard," Steve put a hand on his chin, his brow knitting together, "it couldn't hurt to stop by his sanctum..."
"Shit!" Tony had the suit release him. It was too damaged to be of any use. "Did you see what direction they went?"
"TONY!!" Steve jumped into the small crater that had been carved out under the weight of the armor. he practically fell on top of his boyfriend, shaky hands running over his breast plate and helmet. He found the latch under Tony's jaw and popped the face plate open. "TONY!!"
"Mmmm...nope." Tony burrowed further into the blankets. "And he's not my boyfriend."
"Who is that fair maiden?" Thor pointed at Peter's phone. Peter must have accidentally clicked on Michelle's contact when he was turning the phone over in his hands because now her picture was taking up most of the screen. The image showed her laughing, hair blowing in the wind.
Static.
"You're evil."
" Tony slurred, throwing out one of his arms, clearly drunk off his ass.
"I have no nose, birdbrain."
"On it!" War Machine yelled. "Spidey, have you found Maximoff, yet?"
"I'm going to get cake. Do you want some?" Peter offered.
"Press conference?" Peter blinked. "What press conference?"
Peter knocked on the door, "let me out."
He crawled out onto a cliff that overlooked the forest. Peter let his legs dangle over the edge. From up here, he could see the tiny gap in the trees were Steve's cabin was, as well as the field in which the Quinjet was hidden. Peter laid back on the stone, hands folded over his midsection. It was peaceful up here. As much as he loved living in the compound and web slinging in Queens, it was too loud for his heightened senses.
"Be careful, Tony." Steve murmured, his voice calm and loving.
The door opened, and a voice Tony hadn't heard in a very long time spoke. "Tony?"
"Yeah. We've dealt with worse," Steve shrugged. "At least you're not wanted for murder anymore."
"Well, I'm not." Tony slammed his fist on the table, startling everyone but Spidey. "You're too young to throw your life away."
"Sure, May," Rhodey took a seat next to her. No one could say no to May. Especially when she gave puppy dog eyes. She definitely had her father's eyes.
Natasha egged on the robot by saying,
. Tony shuddered at the image of the man he loved being choked to death by his own armor. The was one memory that would haunt his nightmares for years to come. Steve was completely still by the time Tony showed up, and he was terrified that he had been too late. A few hours had passed since then, and the bruises on Steve's neck were already gone. The broken ribs, however, would take a bit longer to heal. Tony felt sick thinking about it. He hurt Steve. Maybe not with his own two hands, but he might as well have. "Ultron must have been what attacked Jarvis."
Steve didn't ask any more questions. This was the future after all. Why should he be so surprised at a robot who was capable of laughter?
"I liked your old suit better," a man commented, looking Spider-man up and down. Spider-man was patrolling during the day and had stopped at a hot dog stand for lunch. He still hadn't found a new job, so he had to do something with all his free time. Maybe he should take up Tony's offer and start working for Stark Industries? Tony would give him a high ranking position right off the bat, and the money was very tempting. "This new costume looks like shit." The hot dog stand owner said. Spider-man had known the owner of the hot dog stand for awhile, but nothing he ever did seemed to impress the man.
"Oh," Clint shifted around a bit awkwardly, his shoes squeaking on the floor. "But you two spend so much time together."
"We are
The two assassins fell silent, knowing that Tony was right.
Tony eventually landed at Rhodey's cabin, which had last been used when the Avengers had sought refuge after Iron Man had been framed for murder. Tony didn't turn on any of the lights. He wandered through the massive building, allowing the moonlight to light his way. Tony found himself walking slower and slower until he came to a halt by the balcony. The balcony where Steve had confessed his love for Iron Man. Tony smiled softly at the memory. Steve had been so honest with him. So kind. Tony remembered the way that his hair had shined in the moonlight. The warm, loving smile on his face. He wished Steve would smile at him like that again. Maybe he should have told Steve the truth then? No. Then the team would've just abandoned him sooner. Hell, they probably would've turned him over to SHIELD. Tony shuddered at the thought.
"Initiating lockdown," FRIDAY's voice echoed throughout the tower. Every door was instantly locked, and blue energy fields covered the windows. The force fields were strong enough to hold the Hulk, but only for a short time. All the lights flickered off, replaced by the soft yellow glow of the emergency lights, which lined the floor. Peter sprinted down the hallway with Henry on his shoulder. The tarantula looked back to see the Avengers hard on their heels. Pieces of Tony's suit were quickly assembling themselves around his body. He raised a repulsor.
"Lockdown the hangar. Full lockdown. We can't let them escape again."
"Remember that time you, Thor and I beat each other up in that forest?" Iron Man mused.
Steve knelt next to him. "Are you alright?"
"Behind you," Tony whispered.
The projectile turned out to be a person. A very goblin like person.
"My closest friend was just wrongly accused of murder, so sue me for being a little upset," Steve huffed. "They could've killed you today. And no one would've been held accountable since you're a robot." He threw out his arms for emphasis. Iron Man took hold of the hand closest to him and gave it a reassuring squeeze.
Peter went over to his desk and picked up the picture Tony had given him on his birthday. He brushed his thumb over the glass, smiling fondly at the people in the photo. They all meant the world to Peter. But they barely knew him. Spider-man was the one they really cared for, the one they had known for years before Peter Parker made a sudden appearance. Thanks to his little slip up of calling Tony "dad" during the fight with Ock, they all knew his secret identity now. For some reason, though they all still referred to him as Spider-man. Even if he wasn't wearing the costume, he was still Spider-man to the team. And as long as Spider-man was still in the compound, they were all in mortal danger. He had to go after Doc Ock himself. And put a stop to all of this before it got out of hand. Before Doc Ock acted upon his promise and brought more supervillains to the compound. Peter carefully wrapped the photo in his spare costume, not wanting the glass to break, before slipping it into his backpack.
Iron Man flew up a few feet in the air and crashed down into Spider-man's back, flattening him on the floor. He flinched at the sound of Peter crying out in pain. Tony prayed his actions hadn't caused any broken ribs. He took hold of two of the extra spider arms and ripped them off. Steve rushed forward to help. He had a third limb halfway torn when Peter twisted around and punched him in the shin. Hard. Steve fell back, his leg clearly broken. Spider-man made a move to go for Tony's remaining rocket boot. Tony had no choice but to jump back.
"Tones. Someone stole the plans for your suit and used it to frame you for murder. Things are already out of hand," Rhodey sighed.
A large deer like creature was making its way to their side of the river. Its entire body was black as night, and it had large antlers that broke off into several points. The antlers were so big it was a wonder the buck could even support them. The animal stopped in the middle of the river, slowly turning its massive head to face them. It had no eyes. Just large, white, glowing orbs in its sockets.
"As much as I would like to find answers to my own questions about Henry, we still have to focus on helping Peter first," Tony reminded his fellow scientist.
"Fury gave me his word that he wouldn't pursue Iron Man. On the condition that Iron Man turn himself in by the end of the week." Steve sighed. "That's how long the council gave Fury to arrest Iron Man. He said that once the week is up, not even he can stop whatever horrors the council decides to unleash on Iron Man. But if he turns himself in they'll literally tear him apart. Either way, Iron Man is a dead man walking."
This chapter was intense, and I promise the next one will be toned down. Tony is in great need of happy times with his Avengers family.
"FRIDAY, find out where that truck's heading," Tony ordered.
"You're being paranoid," Iron Man landed next to Spidey with a loud clang. "SHIELD should be here to clean up any minute. Let's tie these guys up and get back to the compound. FRIDAY's telling me it's about to rain." Tony lifted his faceplate and looked up. Dark clouds could clearly be seen through the holes in the roof.
The chirping just grew louder.
"Sir, you've only gotten three hours of sleep in the past two days. I would advise against using the suit." Jarvis' voice was unwavering.
"So?" She smiled, waving her hand, dismissing her spell. The man's face morphed back into Bruce's.
"Let me handle it," Tony sighed.
"Voice command unauthorized." The armor stopped twitching. It turned and walked off somewhere. Peter groaned. He was too tired to deal with a buggy suit. The armor couldn't use its weapons without Tony's verbal permission, so the suit should be fine wandering around the woods until morning. Peter turned his attention back to the stars.
"Is he going to be okay?" Steve knelt next to them, putting a hand over Iron Man's. The bot turned his hand over and linked their fingers together. His eyes were still dark, and it concerned Steve greatly.
As always, thank you for reading! :)
A few hours later, Steve found himself getting dragged around New York City by Bucky and Thor, who were both very excited to go drinking. Clint was already drunk after the first bar, and Natasha had to hold his hand so that they wouldn't lose him in the crowd. Natasha had had a few glasses of wine but was far from tipsy. Bruce and Sam decided not to drink but came along for the ride. Sam was mostly there just to take embarrassing pictures of everyone.
As he swung across the city, images of Harry's face flashed before his eyes. The expression of pure hatred that he had directed at Peter. Spider-man shuddered. Back in school, he and Harry hadn't been as close of friends as him and Ned, but they were still close. And Peter had killed his father. A fantastic way to destroy a friendship. And to destroy someone's life.
Pepper arrived a few hours later. Bruce helped her carry in bags of food, tools, and other supplies. Clint and Natasha had already left to investigate the murders, and it didn't take much to get the rest of the Avengers away from Iron Man. Steve, however, was another story. It was absolute hell trying to get him to leave Iron Man's side.
Steve yelped as he was jostled around by the sudden movements, "what are you-?!"
Steve sucked in a sharp breath. He was still kicking himself over the fact that he had made his lover cry. Ex-lover. God, had he really dumped Tony? Steve's heart clenched. He was still so angry at the other man, he couldn't bring himself to make up with Tony. He knew he should. He should march right back into that living room and give Tony a big hug. That's what he should do. But he knew he couldn't. He probably wouldn't be able to look at Tony without punching him in the face
The Avengers bolted. Seconds later fire spewed down where they had just been standing. The dragon roared, twisting its massive body, knocking down sections of the treetops.
"There's always something troubling me," Peter reminded him, tapping his temple.
"I'm sorry, Tony."
"I was thinking we should show him one of your PSA videos. Didn't you have one on sex ed?"
"Peter!" Cap scolded.
"Maybe I ought to sew
The cyborg was locked in a heated battle with his own armor. But he was still human, and therefore no match for it. "I'm trying! I can't contact any of them! Something's wrong! ARGH!" He shot the armor in the gut at point blank, sending it crashing through the opposite wall. The repulsor's in Tony's feet ignited and he flew after the bot. Bucky helped Steve to his feet and gave him a look, silently asking if he was alright. The super soldier nodded, and then the two ran after Tony. All three of them attacked the rogue armor at once. Everything became a blur of red, blue and black. Fists flying, repulsors screamings.
"It's almost noon, ya know. Maybe we should get up soon?" Michelle whispered. She had been awake for awhile but was still laying next to him. A book was in her hands, but she wasn't really paying attention to the pages.
"Slow down, Capsicle!" Tony panted, his legs burned as he hurried to catch up with the other man. There wasn't a single cloud in the morning sky. Birds chirped happily as they were slowly awoken by the sunlight. It was still early spring, but Tony could tell today was going to a hot one. The warm breeze ruffled his dark hair, a welcome feeling after the long winter.
"NO! Not again!" Wanda threw her hands up, "you people are disgusting and I will not be cleaning up after you
"Jarvis!" Tony put two fingers to his ear. "I need you to track their comms."
"It means everything to me!"
"I find that hard to believe," Tony retorted. Other than a few angry comments from Peter, the flight back to the Avengers compound was silent. Spider-man didn't find it at all surprising to see his father standing among the Avengers on the front steps. The armor dropped him at their feet and flew off to the armory. The holograms that Tony had been using to remotely pilot the suit disappeared. "Welcome home, squirt."
"I'm all ears."
"I doubt he'll bring it up at the meeting. Go get dressed. There's a new suit waiting for you in your room." Tony tucked the tablet under his arm and went into the conference room.
"Barton, what's going on?" Steve called.
"Did I sneeze?"
"You should just tell them."
"After everything that's happened? Not possible," Wanda said. Peter jumped her from behind, twisting his legs around her neck and throwing his weight to the side, effectively slamming her head into the ground. He flipped off of her and scrambled back a few feet. Blood dripped from Wanda's now broken nose. Peter clenched his jaw, not liking the twisted satisfaction he got from seeing someone bleed. Even if that person was Scarlet Witch.
"Who's turn is it to cook tonight?" Tony changed the subject.
Clint stole the waste basket from by the front door and handed it to his teammate. Tony took several deep breaths. After a few minutes, he set down the trash can and put his head in his hands.
"Well, come on in," Doctor Strange held the door open until everyone was inside. "Can I get you all anything to drink?" He asked while he led the way upstairs to a large room filled with magical objects.
"Of course, sir. Shall I send it to him now?"
Tony ignored that statement, continuing to run as fast as his legs could carry him. Bucky winced, knowing the motion probably hurt. But Tony's expression betrayed no pain. There was nothing but raw determination on his face.
Peter nodded, too tired to think of a snappy comeback. "I'm going to bed. Good night, Dad."
"He's not fit to be back in the field, though." Rhodey frowned.
"Don't touch that. Or that. Especially not that." Tony smacked Steve's hand away from the iron man gauntlet he was working on.
"Like a million bucks," Peter muttered, letting his eyes fall shut.
"You've done enough," Tony put his hand over Steve's. "I should get back to the workshop. Keep working on Jarvis."
"Oh, he definitely is," War Machine groaned. "Wait," he jerked his head back, "you think I'm a bot, don't you?"
"He can call himself whatever he wants. It's not up to you, Clint," Steve said firmly. He gave Iron Man an apologetic look, "he does have a point though. Are you sure you want to keep going by Iron Man? It's no big deal if you want us to call you something else."
." Steve was leaning in close, and Tony felt the urge to shy away from him, but he held his ground. "Does trust mean nothing to you?"
Clint went over to Spidey and leveled his face with the tarantula, "you wanna fight, insect?"
"Henry, could you pass the butter?" Thor asked.
Natasha sighed and turned back to the elf that had given them a ride. He was holding out the reins of another horse to her. "Thanks. Now for some weapons..." Her eyes drifted across the village, eventually landing on what looked like a blacksmith shop.
"Hey, little Anthony," Tony chuckled. "You better start growing, cause I have big plans for your Iron Man suit."
Tony nodded in agreement. "I kinda hope Strange didn't return all his memories. He's suffered a lot these past few months. I don't want him developing PTSD before he even graduates high school."
"Speed up," Steve called over his shoulder. Tony had been joining him on his morning jogs lately, even though he did more complaining and lying in the grass than actually jogging.
Steve glanced over at Tony, whispering, "how does he know that? I thought you disabled the security cameras and-"
"That doesn't mean anything!" Clint yelled back. "That bot will flirt with anything that moves, and he makes the most dick jokes out of all of us, so I don't see why friends with benefits is all that far-fetched!"
"You're being paranoid, Spidey. I would never do that to you," Tony took a step towards Peter, Peter took a step back. "Calm down and just think for a minute." The orange glow from the setting sun allowed Tony to see beyond the usual white lenses. Peter's eyes were squinted in anger. There was no love in those eyes. Just pure hatred. "Don't look at me like that, Pete...I'm not the enemy." Spider-man dropped to a crouch, about to attack his teammate "Don't do this." Tony's voice dropped to a whisper, suddenly fearing for his life.
"You. Stop." Steve pointed at Clint. He then jabbed Iron Man in the shoulder, "you. Shut it."
"I know what you meant," Peter said. "And I don't know anything about him. May said he was a good person." The team filed into the living room, sitting on the couches while Tony paced nervously.
"I-I guess?" Peter sunk into his seat, having not expected to have this conversation. His life since the spider bite had been so hectic he hadn't really thought about this particular aspect of it.
"How's the pain? I can up the dosage a little. Not much, but a little," Pepper offered, already messing with the liquid in the IV bag.
"Well, that didn't last as long as I had hoped." Wanda stepped into the open, waving her hand to dismiss the spell. Bruce pushed himself to his feet. He looked a bit green around the edges.
"Hey, Tony? Can you help me out with this?"
Steve felt a pang of sympathy for him. Iron Man had said that he often got lonely, so Steve had made it his mission to spend more time with the robot. "What else can you feel?"
"Maybe?" Spider-man darted around the lab, looking under every object and surface.
"Wow, this is amazing, May," he kissed her forehead, causing her to giggle. He set both May and the dog back down after a minute. He smiled as she chased the robot around the lab.
"An army?"
"Bring it with you," Steve was already rushing out of the room, grabbing his shield on the way out the door.
"Saved it?"
"Lockdown the workshop. We have a lot of work to do on the armor." Tony got up and stretched. "And put on a pot of coffee, while you're at it."
"Too bad," MJ slammed the door and locked it.
"To before I was a science project? Are you going to take away my powers like you did my suit?"
"Yes, me again," Tony spoke this time.
"Ge-get the suit ready." Tony kicked off the blankets and swung his legs over the side of the bed. His whole body ached. The alarm clock on his nightstand read 4:10 am.
The symbiote screamed inside Peter's head, warning him of danger. The new voice in Peter's head caused him to panic and scramble underneath a table. He clamped his hands over his ears, wanting the second voice in his head to stop. "No, no, no, no, go away!" He yelled at the voice. It continued to speak in a tone that could only be described as snake-like. It told him to fight. To kill.
Tony perked up at that. Not because they said he was useful, but because he was finally getting answers after yelling at them for so long.
"I only knew him for a short time. He built me in a cave. And then he was executed," Iron Man had said.
Tony shifted, a pained whine escaping his throat. Steve looked at him worriedly. It must have been around midnight, and the Avengers were sprawled out around the living room. Steve sat by the door, keeping watch while his teammates slept. "Stark?" The man in question rolled onto his back, hands clutching the reactor hidden under his shirt. Tony muttered something in his sleep, something that sounded like "stop". Tony had made himself a blanket nest on the floor but he had been moving so much in his sleep that he now lay on the bare floor, one of the blankets tangled around his leg. Steve moved closer to him, hand hovering over his shoulder.
"Yeah. I'll be back for New Years, though." Clint shrugged.
"You should take that up with them," Sam chuckled. "Maybe they have a suggestion box?"
"The team," Iron Man stepped into Steve's personal space. "I think it's time for a change in leadership." Without warning, Iron Man grabbed Captain America by the throat.
"Thor's back," Steve reported.
"Pepper's new place. In NYC. Her place in Malibu is still under construction," Rhodey explained. "You're in her bed by the way."
Deadpool smiled softly, "guess not. Mine are worse though."
"H-hey!" Spider-man barked when two men wrestled him away from Tony. They shoved him into the dirt and twisted his arms behind his back. A pair of handcuffs were tightened painfully around his wrists.
"Are you gonna go see him?"
Sunlight forced Steve to open his eyes. The soldier must have fallen asleep at some point because when he opened his eyes he found himself lying on the porch, his head on Tony's stomach. The engineer was breathing deeply, signaling he was asleep. Steve brushed a finger over the arc reactor. Even with a layer of cloth over it, Steve could feel the jagged lines running across it. The lines didn't match up with the perfect triangle and circles that he knew where on the reactor. Steve sat up, trying to get a better look at it. The light was too dim, and Tony's black shirt wasn't helping. Steve backed off when Tony started to stir.
Steve shook his head, not really in a joking mood. "This is where I lived after the Civil War incident. No one knows about it, we should be safe here." Steve unlocked the door and stepped aside.
The six armed man held his own fairly well, blocking any and all attacks and countering with his own. At some point, Spider-man had been hurled head first into the far wall. He slumped to the floor, ears ringing and seeing double. "Ow..." Spider-man closed his eyes, trying to block out the pain. When he opened them again he was met with the sight of his father, standing in front of him with his arms held out protectively.
"Friend Anthony!" Thor raised his stein in a toast. The other Avengers clinked their glasses against his, all of them murmuring words of encouragement. Except for Rhodes, who was staring at Tony like he had grown a second head.
"Hey, Tony, you might want to check on bug boy. It's a good thing you had a backup tracker in that suit."
Steve wished he had been able to meet the son of his friend. He wondered if he was anything like Howard. He had tried asking Iron Man about Tony once.
"Sorry!!"
"Safehouse," was all Clint said.
Tony glanced over his shoulder at the sleeping web slinger.
"Where's your girlfriend?" Clint batted his eye lashes at Peter.
"Sir, I believe you are having a panic attack. Would you like me to call Ms. Potts?" Jarvis asked.
"Morning," Iron Man's voice startled Steve, causing him to fall out of the bed. Steve poked his head up and found that Iron Man's eyes had flicked back on. "Sleep alright?"
"I don't deserve you, Steve." Iron Man looked down at himself, "And you deserve someone...human."
"Spidey! What are you doing?! Don't just sit there!" Iron Man shouted. Spider-man's head whipped in Tony's direction. His lenses narrowed right before he lunged. "What the fuck!! Get off!" Tony spun around in mid air. Spider-man ripped off Iron Man's face plate as well as part of the shoulder.
"I didn't know Tony Stark had a son," Deadpool said quietly.
"Okay..." Steve sighed, "Spidey. I think we accidentally skipped you when we were doing our reports. Anything happening in Queens?"
"He is Spider-man. Spiders stick to things."
"Slow," Iron Man darted forward, kneeing him in the gut. Bucky gasped in pain but quickly recovered himself. He grabbed Iron Man by the head and flipped him onto his back. Even with the thick foam mat, a heavy thud still echoed throughout the training room. Iron Man ignited his boots for a split second, just long enough for him to shoot out of Bucky's grasp.
"We'll worry about our bot later. Right now we need to get out of here." Natasha stood. "Thor, your hammer-"
Steve turned his head towards the sound of Peter's voice. He and Tony were sitting on the couch across from Steve, both still in their pajamas. Two small robots were duking it out on the coffee table. Tools and random mechanical parts were strewn about them. Peter's bot currently had Tony's pinned to the table. The trapped robot let out an upset whirring noise.
Bucky came back a bit later. "He broke up with you...didn't he?" Tony hid his face in his knees. Bucky took a deep breath. "I kinda expected that but...damn."
Your comments keep me writing!
"What?! Really?!" Peter leaned against the front seats, way too close to Happy for the older man's liking.
"Of course I heard you! I was doing this thing called ignoring you. Look it up." Tony righted the cup and glared at the brown liquid seeping across the table. There goes his notebook. Great.
"Mighty warrior my ass," Tony huffed. "Are those his words? Did he convince you to let him go?"
"Well, excuse me for wanted to spend time with my friends!" Tony huffed.
She still didn't know what it had been; she hadn't made it past the front entry hall, where she found over a dozen Doombots, all of them throwing energy bolts left and right, and one.
Tony knew he'd screwed up, but still seemed utterly convinced that he had made the right choices - that he had, in fact, had no other choices - despite his obvious guilt over Titanium Man's death. Which hadn't really been his fault, if his story about the man's armor malfunctioning was true, and Steve had no reason to believe it wasn't. Accidents happened, in combat. It was why having a superhero who wasn't in full and complete control of his actions was so dangerous.
The fact that he was asking for it now had to mean something, right?
Steve gave her a grateful look. "If you wouldn't mind."
He fired the jet boots again, bringing himself to a halt barely a foot above the ground.
Steve nodded. "I know what you mean." Los Angeles didn't have personality that New York City had, but then, no other place Steve had been did. Of course, he might be biased; New York was home, and always had been.
"Go ahead," War Machine's voice this time, "but get ready to catch more jumpers when you do."
Hill ignored the gesture. "Agent Carter has been monitoring the Sin situation. She reports directly to Director Fury; you can tell either of us anything you would tell him."
It was irritating to have to fish out his Avengers communicator and tune it to Peter and Luke Cage's frequencies when contacting them ought to take only a thought, but at least the two of them were carrying them.  Daredevil had refused, saying that it was 'too distracting,' and while Strange technically still carried one, it never worked.
Mentioning that he'd been down in the lab in the first place so that he could avoid Jan and Wanda's attempts to make him come along on the shopping expedition they'd left for this morning would get him nowhere, Tony knew. "I'm not wearing a skirt," he said. "Or heels. I'm not actually a woman."
He wasn’t even sure what that meant, but the steady sound of Tony’s heart monitor hadn’t changed, and none of the other monitors hooked up to him had set off any alarms, so at least she hadn’t made things worse.
The idea of letting him back inside her made her feel ill.
Steve sighed, and went to put his own shirt back on.
Somewhere behind him, he could hear Thor shouting – Loki was gone, escaped somehow – and Doom’s armor clanking as he tried to wrestle free of Carol’s grasp.  None of it was as important as making sure he pulled Tony’s helmet off as carefully as possible, without jarring his spine.
That was so very much not what they needed. "Blast them," Jan shouted back. "We need to get these people out of here, away from whatever this is."
"Chaos?" Loki snorted.   She was on her feet now, either escaped from Thor's hold or deliberately freed.   "Chaos is both creation and destruction.   You do nothing but destroy.   Give me my spear and be gone.   It is mine by right."
There was a loud thud from inside the kitchen, probably Thor slamming a fist down on the table again, and he and Jan both jumped a little at the sound. "Let's go back inside before the big guy breaks something," Tony suggested.
"And there wasn't a legal way to fight it?" Steve asked, trying to sound as non-accusatory as possible. He managed to keep the anger he still felt out of his voice; the more they talked about this, the more visibly upset Tony got, and if Steve somehow pushed him over the edge, he might never get his explanation. He had to be careful, calm, or Tony would shut down, the way he had in the hotel. "A way that didn't involve taking it back by force?"
Loki had as good as told him of her intentions, threatening Thor and everyone connected with him unless he did what she bid him.  He had refused, as anyone with honor or sufficient experience would have.  He should have expected this.
In the mirror, Loki's fingers curled around his neck, the gesture at once both seductive and threatening. She was powerful enough to kill mortal men through their reflections thus. "I am not your enemy this time, Thunder God, despite ample provocation," she said, the words still something close to a snarl. "How many times must I swear it?"
"Ms. Van Dyne is still unconscious," Nurse McCall said. "Her vital signs are strong, though. Mr. Stark has regained consciousness, but there are some anomalies..." she trailed off, then looked at Cap. "I don't suppose you know anything about the metal that's lacing his entire skeleton, or why he doesn't have any scarring consistent with the extensive open-heart surgery his medical record lists?"
"Be happy for him," Steve said flatly. Sam knew gender wasn't important to Steve, even if he tended to forget because Steve had previously been involved almost solely with women; he couldn't actually think Steve had only fallen in love with Tony because he had a female body.
"Give whoever answers the code word 'Paladin,' and ask to speak to Agents Carter or Barnes. Tell them Synthia Schmidt is active again." Steve avoided using Sin's much more recognizable nickname; pedestrians were already gathering on the other side of the police tape, and there was no point in panicking people. "Tell them the Avengers have gone in after her."
"I can come back for my armor later," Rhodey said, regarding Steve and Tony with a blank poker face that would have done Nick Fury proud. "Sorry, cat," he added, pushing the kitten's paws off his knee. "You'll have to find someone else to play with." He scooped the feathers up for what was presumably the last time and threw them, to the cat's violent delight. It leapt into the air as the feathers drifted away, snatching at them with both paws.
It could have been a coincidence. Steve wanted to believe it was. But Chthon was a chaos entity, a being who could reshape and manipulate probability as easily as he could human minds; there were no coincidences when you dealt with him.
"You're not the only one, if it helps," Steve offered. "I keep… I have these dreams, about the war, about Bucky dying. The same dreams, for years, when things get bad. Only now the rest of the team is there, too. All the Avengers, and I can't save them either."
"He'd better hope it's the cell phone reception in Asgard," Steve said, in an undertone just low enough that Ben probably didn't hear it. "Because if he's not either there or on the subway-"
"I have a very large stick. Let go of me, or I
you made some kind of trade? How can you
Wanda had turned slightly to face him, giving Clint a view of her profile. Any moment now, she was going to notice that he was in the room. Then he would have to say something to her. "I didn't know mind-control was covered at all."
"I'm  thinking of booking you for the next charity performance I have to sit  through."  Tony grinned, using the hand that Steve wasn't holding to  slowly turn his mostly-empty glass in a circle, making the quarter inch  of coke at the bottom swirl around.  "They're usually incredibly boring,  but you would make it bearable."
He twisted out from underneath Steve, and pushed Steve back against the wall. Steve had just long enough to register surprise as Tony bent down, and then coherent thought was gone. Tony's mouth was hotter than the water still pouring down on them. They were reforming the Avengers, Steve decided. Also, Tony was staying here tonight, in Steve's apartment, in his bed. Tony was not leaving. They weren't going to be alone anymore.
Wanda took a few steps closer to the rest of them and held up her hands, palms facing inwards. The dark markings Tony had noticed earlier were tattoos, circular designs that looked like the circles magic users like Doom sometimes used to summon demons and other entities bent on destroying the world. Black, angular writing wrapped around the edge and wove through the design, in a script Tony didn't recognize, though he thought he saw a few alchemical symbols worked into it at strategic points.
She nodded.  “I will be.”
He was back in his room before he realized that he'd left the ice pack sitting in the middle of the kitchen table. His shoulder had been iced enough, he decided.
He redoubled the force of his blows, angling the hammer slightly with each one and squinting against the bright flare of sparks each strike produced. The first of the dents was almost gone now. He would have to heat the metal again, he decided, before moving on to the second, larger dent.
He'd actually been thinking of Frankenstein, but since Hank had said it first, "You'd think Ultron would have been enough for you.  And Clint says that now you're playing with mutant DnA.  Do you ever think about consequences for anything you do?"
"Um, no," Peter admitted. Tony had relatives? She must be talking about Cap. "I'm," he leaned forward, lowering his voice to a near whisper, "I'm Peter Parker, I'm, um," God, this never got easier, "I'm Spiderman. I used to be an Avenger?"
Tony's smile was beginning to look strained. "I think the fact that the government was finally willing to take his concerns, and the concerns of the general superhuman population seriously had more to do with it. That, and the fact that the attacks on New York and other cities were more important than any individual quarrels."
"Please don't say that, Tony." Hank heard Jan's voice, first, laden with disgust, and then she stepped out of the elevator and into his line of sight. Her costume was smudged with dust and her hair was tangled from the wind, and she looked absolutely gorgeous. And completely fine and uninjured in any way.
"In a church? I thought he was a demon."
Tony, Sam, Carol, and Thor arrived while the police were cuffing Madigan and shoving him into the back of an armored police wagon, each with an armful of wires and bits and pieces of plastic and metal that had once been A.I.M.'s twenty-five electronically-triggered bombs.
The sound of running footsteps brought him sharply back to attention, and he was halfway to his feet, shield ready in his hand, when Sam staggered to a halt in the doorway.  "You're alive," he panted.  "Good.  Sin said she'd killed you.  Said she was going to ship your head to Barnes in a box."  His eyes went to Tony, and he winced visibly.  "Is he-"
A swarm of SHIELD personnel were carrying Tony and Wanda to the helicopters on stretchers, and three of them were headed purposefully toward where the three of them were huddled on the ground.
"Six-forty-five." Pepper shut the PDA off and tossed it onto her desk, which was spotlessly neat in comparison with Tony's own mess of forms, papers, blueprints, and empty coffee mugs. There was brightly colored paperweight shaped like a flamingo that Tony knew had been a gift from Happy sitting alone on the desk's far corner, in its own little quarantine of tastelessness, at odd with the somber black of her blotter, keyboard, and computer monitor.
"That's... pretty accurate," the doctor admitted. "Mr. Stark's vital signs are steady, and his pulse is elevated -- all of the victims' pulses are elevated -- and the EEG shows considerable brain activity, which is a good sign under these circumstances. We haven't figured out why he's non-responsive, but it's not unique. Several of the victims are; the ones that aren't trying to stab themselves or the medical staff."
it. He shouldn't need it. Instead, he'd turned it into another damn addiction.
"I'm recently divorced. If you go with me, the next day's headlines will be shrieking that my marriage ended because I'm secretly a lesbian. Or that you and I were together beforehand, and our torrid affair broke my marriage up." She sighed. "I'd say stay home, but you know better than I do that people are going to see that as a sign of weakness."
"It's sturdy," Steve told him. "We tested it very thoroughly."
Carol's voice shouted something obscene in her ear, and Wanda went limp and tried to calm down.  She'd been rescued, not attacked.
"No," Tony agreed. "It's not. But what's right isn't always enough to get the job done."
"The Hank, Tony, and Thor situation will be resolved," she said. "I was trying not to get involved because I couldn't be impartial, but that was when I thought they were going to work it out themselves." Clearly, that assumption had been overly optimistic. Thor wasn't likely to listen to her — she'd been on the pro-registration side, after all — but Hank would.
second chance. Red Skull was dead, Doom and the Mandarin were defeated, the Registration Act was gone... they were supposed to have the rest of their lives together. What was he going to do if he got everything else in his life back but lost Tony?
"I'm a freelancer now," Rhodey said, smiling tightly at Morgan. "Thought I'd try working for myself for a while, being my own boss."
Barnes straightened in Steve's grasp, pushing away from the sink with his hands. "Doesn't hurt that much. M'side hurts, an' it's getting hard to breathe." He offered Sharon a slightly shaky smile. "You could suck the poison out."
"We decided that the entire team would be a little too intimidating," Jan said, just as Clint said,
Chthon had only a toehold here, but given time, given the weight of human minds and souls that would press into this church every Sunday and Wednesday to worship, unprotected and vulnerable to his influence, his power would grow, feeding not on their faith, but on their darker emotions – anger, fear, anxiety, despair, all the chaotic and disordered states of the human mind.
His chest felt tight, as if the air in the room lacked sufficient oxygen.
"You could stand to be a little bit more concerned yourself," he snapped.  "He took one of those shots for you."
Tony blinked hard, eyes hot, as Steve's face blurred. He shook his head again, pulling away from Steve's hand. Steve always had faith in him, even when he didn't have any faith in himself. It was one of the things Tony loved in him, but he wished with all his soul that Steve wouldn't do it, would stop unthinkingly laying the heavy burden of his trust and belief on Tony. It only made disappointing him, fighting with him, letting him down all the more painful.
She drew her gun, stepped to one side to avoid the shots even a blind agent would know to fire at the open doorway, and kicked open the door.
"Hawkeye," Carol ordered, "get your ass down here."
She turned on her heel and began to walk toward the doors at a slow, measured pace. It was foolish to fear that Chthon would chase her if she ran – he was an incorporeal demon, not a lion or a wolf or some childhood boogyman. Still, running would call attention to herself, and she had probably already drawn enough of that. Everyone in two block's radius had probably heard the crashing chord from the pipe organ as it was, and drawing the attention of bystanders might give Chthon a chance to use Wanda's powers against them.
was not the person one ought to be feeling sorry for here.
Carol turned a corner so sharply that Clint had to brace himself to keep from being thrown into the door. "I love this steering system. You know, I never got the whole story on what happened with you. Jut that it had something to do with Wanda. I don't blame you for staying out of the whole Registration mess, but you could have dropped us a message to let us know you were alive."
This morning, he'd settled down in the living room, cutting board, exacto knife, and bag of new purple feathers in hand, and started splitting feathers along the quill, sanding the bottoms down and sorting the halves into clockwise and counterclockwise piles. He'd gotten through twenty minutes of Looney Tunes re-runs and halfway through an episode of some cartoon about teenagers with elemental magic when he realized that something was missing.
She raised an eyebrow. "The power is rightfully mine, not Doom's or Chthon's or anyone else's. Such suspicion. One would think I was offering you threats instead of my hand in aid." Her voice was poisonously sweet.
In Peter's experience, St. Vincent's was generally pretty crowded, being a big hospital in a major metropolitan area, but it wasn't usually this crowded. From the moment that he, MJ, and Aunt May had shown up for Aunt May's one o' clock physical therapy appointment, he'd known that something was wrong.
"No," Clint grumbled. He rubbed at the exposed parts of his face with one glove, trying to scrape off the saliva that covered it. "I nearly had my face bitten off. And I've got its spit all over me."
The media uproar had been slightly smaller than he'd expected; apparently Tony Stark changing back into a man was less newsworthy and fascinating as Tony Stark being turned into a woman. The board had been thrilled, though DeFalco had seemed somewhat disappointed during his meeting with Tony this morning when he'd walked into Tony's office to find a man sitting behind the desk instead of a reasonably attractive woman. Once Tony had begun showing him the results from the final stages of implementation at the geothermal energy plant, however, the Department of Energy representative had perked back up again. And when Tony had handed him the balance sheet of cost expenditures versus energy output, he'd positively beamed.
Clint ran his fingers through his hair, then leaned his head back against the wall of the elevator, trying not to think about what
"Anything can be defeated." The objection was automatic. "You just have to figure out its weak points. Admittedly, Morgan Le Fay had a lot more of those than Chthon." Standing there hovering while Wanda sat at the table and ate was awkward, so Tony gave in and took the chair opposite her, taking advantage of Steve's absence to lean his elbow on the table and rest his forehead against his hand.
"Almost everyone," Hill corrected. "A significant amount of our data on several of your teammates has been mysteriously deleted."
"No," Tony said, "but you sleep with it."
"Abortion is legal now, Steve," Tony interrupted. "I can go to a perfectly legitimate doctor in a nice, clean, private, expensive clinic where I will be perfectly safe. It's not like it was in nineteen forty."
Did he remember being dead? Or had he just stopped being at all, after Odin had severed him from Thor, and come back when the Big Guy did?
Better, Thor thought, that he had left more swiftly. For he had imagined that he knew everything there was to tell about Hank and Tony's betrayal, about the soulless copy of his body they had made, and used as a weapon against those who had been his shieldbrothers. The idea that there was yet more treachery to learn of made him grind his teeth in anger, the air about him growing thick and charged with energy as it did before a storm.
Steve had ordered daily fly-overs of Hell's Kitchen, just in case, and had even managed to get Daredevil to agree to report any disturbances in the area to the Avengers, via Luke Cage or Spiderman.
So that's what this was actually about. "I know it must be hard, but you got through the party without drinking. You've been sober for months now."
"Oh," she frowned. "Speaking of which, where have you been? May and I have been biting our fingernails for the past hour."
"I'm just glad you're back," he said, suddenly needing to say
She could always slit their throats on the way out.
She knew perfectly well that she had no reason to feel guilty over her drug-induced fear of Hank, because Hank actually had given her a reason to be scared of him. But that had been a long time ago, and she wanted to think that they'd gotten over it, moved past it, and knew that for the most part, she had. At least, when she wasn't being drugged out of her mind.
His helmet was still sitting on the workbench, watching him with empty eyes; old Shellhead had the same blank expression he always had, whether he was watching Tony drink himself into a stupor or grieve over Steve's death. Remote. Untouched. Unhelpful.
Steve's shoulders sagged in relief, and he rubbed a hand over his face. "Good," he said. "I knew he'd be okay."
She shook her head, standing, and felt a wave of dizziness that left her clutching at the arm of Agatha's overstuffed Victorian couch. "There's something here," she said. "In your house. Something dangerous. Something's been summoned here."
And that, Tony thought wryly, would explain the sudden ill temper.
They had all been adults, and most of them had had teammates to try and help them deal with it. All except Peter, who had handled being a fifteen-year-old solo hero far better than anyone ought to have expected him to.
If they failed to come up with a solution, it wouldn't be for want of Maya trying. He didn't need her promise to know that, insults about his code-writing abilities notwithstanding.
"Tony, have you talked to anyone about all of this?" Obviously not, or he wouldn't be huddled in the corner of Steve's shower.
"Expensive," Tony told him.  "Jan?  Carol?"  He tried to raise the others through the communicator in his helmet, and got only static and interference.  Something was jamming the signal.  Something that didn't register on his armor's sensors, and didn't interfere with any other electronics.  The Extremis didn't seem to be affected by it either, but the situation wasn't desperate enough to warrant completely breaking his word to Steve.
Sin continued to laugh, flickers of energy spider-webbing over her skin like white lightning.  "Do you imagine your pathetic schemes and quarrels concern me?  Your minion is no more, Victor von Doom.  Only I remain."
That was an even more frightening thought, somehow. A hex placed on Tony's unborn child could have done far worse to him than a relatively uncomplicated miscarriage. She could have given him an ectopic pregnancy, eclampsia, made his miscarriage turn septic, all with the best of intentions.
The remainder of Sin's men rushed him, using the butts of their guns instead of the business ends on a snapped order from her, and Sam was good, but he wasn't that good.  Not against half a dozen men at once.
"Love you," Tony sighed, and then he was asleep.
There was a sudden, jarring blast of sound as the ambulance turned its siren back on, pulling out into the street and away around a corner.
Hank flushed, his face tightening with a familiar look of discomfort. She could almost hear him saying,
"You can't tell me that fight just now wasn't about more than just Loki," Sam went on.
Which, translated, meant, 'Had you not specifically asked me what Steve said, I would, indeed, have deliberately let you be late just to teach you a lesson about checking your messages.'
"Yes," Tony agreed, looking away. "What I wanted."
The red and gold helmet turned slowly toward him. "Steve?" Tony's voice sounded distant. "Where did the blood come from? Repulsor burns don't bleed."
Steve turned his head — the cat growled warningly again — to see Sam stretched out on the other couch, propped up on one elbow and blinking blearily at him.
Luke and Peter shouldn’t have had to bloody their hands, though.  Or Danny, or Jess, or anyone else they’d had with them.
"You have considerable magical potential," he said, "though your training is incomplete. I expected as much. Magic is a matter of imposing your will upon reality, and you were able to do that so successfully when you created your twins that even I was unaware of their true nature. Their place in reality was not fixed, their existence given shape only by your will, but that will was strong enough that when you were present, the illusion was seamless."
"It was after..." Tony shook his head, trailing off. "She said things about Steve, and about me, the last time I let her interview me. They weren't true, and I didn't want to listen to them. I don't really remember what I said then. Shouting might have been involved."
Steve studied the image on the screen in front of him; the security camera still was blurry and pixilated, but he didn't need to see the woman in the picture's face to recognize her. The way she held herself, the gun she carried, the knife strapped to the outside of her thigh would have been enough even without the blurred glimpse of curly hair.
"No," Cap said, sounding tired. "He talked to Peter, but none of it made any sense. He won't talk to me."
Backing Tony up had felt natural, just like it always had, and Steve had hoped, for a few, minutes, that… well, that wasn't important. "Your armor is dented, and I saw that thing throw you three hundred feet into the water."
He was supposed to have a mild healing factor. What the hell had happened to that?
Thor shook his head, straightening from his crouch over Steve and Tony.  "I fear it is not Doom alone we must worry about."
"I know." Steve smiled wryly. His fingers were still wrapped around Tony's wrist, his thumb rubbing over the scar that curved around the base of Tony's thumb. "I know," he said again, and lifted Tony's hand to his lips.
"Yes," Steve said. "Jan is here." He glanced automatically around the room once again, taking in the scattered knots of museum donors. Hank and Jan had split up, Jan chatting with a tall Asian woman in impressively stacked heels while Hank examined a display of woodcuts depicting the process of distillation.
Tony turned to key up the slide with the filtration system diagrams, and a sharp pain stabbed at his lower back. He pressed one hand against it as he turned back to face DeFalco, keeping a bright smile on his face by force of will. He'd conducted meetings with injuries far more severe than this, and even if the pain in his back was spreading around to the front, into his lower abdomen, and starting to make him nauseous, it still wasn't as bad as feeling the ends of two broken ribs grinding together. Or feeling shrapnel shards move around in his heart as the power in his breastplate failed.
Carol landed on the lawn, avoiding the crater, and turned to wave at the security camera she knew was there. If the old defense system had been back online, she would have been dodging lasers all the way to the ground, but as it was, nothing greeted her but stillness and silence. The construction crew still working on the interiors had obviously gone home for the day.
"You don't want to do that," Clint said quickly. "When people in our profession get tied up, it's usually by someone who wants to kills us."
"Because that's the creepiest 1984 thing I've ever heard of," Clint told him honestly. It was bad enough that you could test for a normal X gene. Testing for anybody that might possibly be able to have powers was like one of those anti-superhuman crazies' wet dreams. "So it's just painkillers and not, I don't know, something really heavy-duty? That they give you when you have cancer or inoperable brain tumors or something?"
There had to be somewhere he could get a tuxedo in the right size and cut; this was New York, after all.
It shifted the barrel of the weapon toward the trail of ants and fired, burning a channel across the floor boards and incinerating Hank's final group of reinforcements.  The super-colony that stretched from the Mansion's grounds to the tree plantings up and down the street was exhausted, and if Hank called up any of the other colonies in Central Park, they'd be more interested in killing the ants already here than in helping him fight Doombots.
Whatever the two of them had once had between them had been destroyed by Faustus's meddling, and the fact that they had been able to salvage a friendship out of that wreckage was a testament to both of them. Sharon hadn't been responsible for taking Steve away from him – it had been Red Skull's doing, and Faustus's, and his own, for giving them the opportunity.
Jan raised her eyebrows. "When your picture is on the cover of Maxim Magazine and the entire world judges your worth as a human being based on the dimensions of your ass, you can pick the soda."
"We'll start again in the morning," Wanda told him. "We will fix this. I promise."
Where was Thor when they needed him? Or She-Hulk, or anyone else with superstrength and at least partial invulnerability.
"This is going to sound terribly rude, but can I borrow your date for the next song?" The voice came from almost immediately behind him, and Tony turned to see an unfamiliar man in his early thirties, a few years older than he was. "You look very, very familiar," he was saying. "Where do I know you from?"
"Something I can shoot," Clint said, locking his hands together and stretching his fingers out. "I can't wait."
"Oh, it's not going to kill you." Maya was probably trying to sound encouraging. It wasn't working. "But if you keep using the Extremis like there's no tomorrow, it will get worse. The headaches aren't going to go away; if anything, they'll become more frequent and more intense. The cybernetic elements you added weren't part of its original purpose, not to the degree you have them, and at the rate you're going, you're going to burn those neural pathways you added to your brain out and end up back where you were last spring, barely to use the Extremis at all."
Tony stared flatly at him, his face empty of expression. "I told you what Hank and Reed and I had done, and I apologized for it." He held his hands out, palms up, the gesture too studied to truly be casual. "The details are public record; I didn't think you would want to hear me repeat them."
Wanda's face crumpled with relief for a moment, and then she looked away. "Thank you," she said quietly.
Sam tilted his head to one side, considering that. It was a gesture Steve had seen Redwing make any number of times. "Hey, it could be worse," Sam offered, after a moment. "Last time he hit you, he broke your jaw."
Hank took one look at Barnes and began pulling tiny scientific instruments out of his pockets, laying them out along the table and counters and returning them to their full size. "Where was the knife between being stuck into his side and one of you putting it there?" he asked, pointing a finger at the weapon that lay in the middle of the kitchen table, dried blood flaking off its four-inch steel blade. It looked vaguely like an SS dagger that had had a new, snake-shaped hilt welded onto it, save for the addition of several small grooves that ran the length of the blade.
Tony being Tony, he probably ought to attach a heart monitor to him, too, just in case. There was no telling how the repairs to Tony's damaged heart were holding up under this new strain. "If you want," Hank suggested, "we could call Beast, and he could tell everyone on the planet about it."
"That's because you dressed me like a doll," Hank was saying, as she straightened the collar of his shirt. "I still don't see what was wrong with the blue tie."
Sam snorted. "Knowing reporters? Probably. And you're more fun to talk about than the economy. You probably get better ratings, too."
loose end has been tied up, but this is Marvel, and they never are – there's always room left open to lead into another event.
Tony met her gaze, and gave her the truth. "There are enough security cameras on this vessel for me to spy on every square inch of it outside of the Director's quarters. There was nothing in that report I hadn't already seen." He'd thrown up afterwards. He remembered that.
Loki the spear; just give her the impression that we'd be willing to if she helped us first."
"Don't even think about it."
"You know, we really could have used you. There were people jumping out windows left and right." It was only a slight exaggeration. If there had been a time for Thor to make a big, dramatic return, flying right into the middle of the whole mess and catching some crazy sonuvabitch who'd just flung himself out the window would have been it. Instead, here was Don Blake, lurking in St. Vincent's emergency clinic. Clint frowned. "Why are you here?"
Even the attempt hurt, as if she were straining herself beyond her limits.
It wasn't important.  The only thing that mattered at the moment was Sin, and the short length of spear clutched in her left hand.
"I think Wanda's been settling in well," Steve said, as he slowly circled to the right – as attempts to distract Tony went, he had to admit, it was a decent try.
"Copy that, Cap," Carol said. "I'm taking out the rest of the windows now; we need to get some fresh air in here. There's this white vapor shit everywhere, almost too thick to see through."
“Never again,” Steve repeated.
"Our engagement is over when I say it is," he shouted.  "No one treats Victor von Doom this way!  Do you think you'll get back into Valhalla on your own?  We would have won if you hadn't let that bird take the spear from you!  Instead you just stood there and let Sin ruin everything."
"He's just the only one people have ever heard of." Tony grinned at him, so close that Steve could feel his body heat. The close physical proximity wasn't anything new, but now it felt different, intimate in a way it hadn't been before. Or maybe it had been, and he'd just never noticed.
"She'll be half as poisoned," Ms. Marvel interrupted, smacking her forehead with the palm of her hand. "Why didn't anyone think of that?"
"I can do it," Peter volunteered. "I should check in with Aunt May and MJ, anyway. They've got no idea where I've been for the past two hours." He knew they'd understand, but that didn't mean that they weren't worrying, and that he didn't owe them a heads-up.
"You realize you'll probably have to recalibrate everything again after I leave," Wanda said, from her perch on one of the newly installed work tables. "Sensitive electronic equipment doesn't like me very much."
Several minutes later, the two of them were seated in the living room, waiting for the tea in the small china teapot Wanda had brought in to finish steeping. She had cheated just a bit and used a hex to heat the water to boiling, in order to have it ready faster, but her powers couldn't make tea leaves steep more quickly, not without ruining the tea.
Hank was in the kitchen. His luncheon could wait, Thor decided, and turned to go, not wishing to play the role of eavesdropper.
There were times when Carol wondered if the role of superhero just inherently attracted fucked up or damaged people, the way adrenaline junkies were automatically attracted to fighter planes. Or maybe most of them had started out normal, and the job itself was what did it. She'd been innocent and normal once, hadn't she? It probably wasn't just the effects of her washed-out memories that made that much younger Carol feel like a different person.
"Luck hasn't exactly been on our side lately," Tony muttered. He was wearing his armor, and with the helmet and voice modulation in place, Jan could almost imagine that he was no different than he had ever been.
"Repeatedly," Clint said, "and then you said that you, Hank, and Wanda were going to get to work undoing the magic, which was apparently code for 'I'm going to take my new girl body for a test drive.'" He frowned slightly, and then his eyes widened and he started to grin. "You didn't try the kissing thing on Wanda, did you?"
Steve moved at the same time he did, both of them charging Sin, Steve from behind and Tony from her lame side.
Suddenly, A.I.M., the crowd of reporters filling Times Square, the Fox news helicopter overhead, and the police officers who wanted Steve to come down to the station and discuss A.I.M.'s explosives with their bomb squad seemed like minor annoyances.
Tony stared down at his hands for a moment, wishing there were some meaningful way he could contribute. Biology had never been his field. Machines were much easier to work with than living things - more stable, more predictable. Biological systems existed in a state of constant flux.
"It's imperative that it not be exposed to direct sunlight," Dr. Thomas said for the third time. "The damage would be irreparable."
"They can't get rid of you for being a woman, Tony. New York has several nice laws forbidding that kind of thing."
"In that case, we'll have to be very thorough." Steve drew the fingers of his right hand down Tony's chest, across his stomach, and then stood up, pulling Tony with him. "You have a reputation to maintain."
Jan sat bolt upright, staring at him with something like horror. "Oh my God. You were the gorgeous rich babe who gave better head than I did. He dumped me for
Her mind was still her own, but for how long?
“You scared the daylights out of Thor, you know,” he said, because the concern that had prompted him to make the trek down here hadn’t been his alone.  “He’s decided to forgive you.  Apparently suicidal bravery is honorable and valiant in his books, not pointless and stupid.”
You watched while they cut him open?" Tony wasn't sure if the expression on her face was pity or horror, and found that he didn't particularly want to know.
And to think that he'd thought the Avengers' biggest problem right now was the fact that Tony was a woman.
Jan snatched it up off the side table before any of the others could. "Avengers Mansion," she started, then, "Yes, I know. He knows. Yes, we've all seen it, Peter." She held the phone out to Steve. "It's Spiderman."
Steve picked the nearest box, labeled 'bookshelf,' and sliced through the packing tape that held it closed. Inside, a small stuffed bear in a felt copy of his costume lay atop a stack of books, staring up at him with its black, plastic eyes. 'You have adopted Captain A-bear-ica,' read the paper tag attached to its left paw. It had appeared in his room one Valentines Day, with no card or note to tell him whom it had come from; Steve had always suspected Clint. Clint found any and all Captain America-themed merchandise hilarious, and probably owned every embarrassing and creepy attempt to make money off Steve's fame ever manufactured.
"No," she forced out, her voice sounding rough and strangled. The word hurt her throat. "No. I will not be your tool."
Tony lifted his head again, but did not meet Thor's eyes. "The SHRA is gone, and so is your clone. I don't think there's anything left for us to say to one another about them." He rubbed the back of his hand under his nose, removing some of the blood, then looked down at his blood-smeared hand and frowned, visibly irritated at the sight.
He owed it to her to give her the chance, though. He cleared his throat and started again, trying to not stare at her or loom or sound suspicious or threatening. "Wanda, can I, um, can I talk to you? Alone? It's fine if you don't want to," he added quickly.
"That's because MODOK had plans," Tony said. With his helmet on, he didn't have to try to cover his exhaustion or add animation to his voice – the helmet's voice modulators covered a multitude of sins. "I'm not sure Maddigan does." A.I.M. had never had much in the way of discernible goals, aside from the pursuit of ever-fancier ways to destroy things via cutting edge science, but lately their plans had been even more random than usual, as if they'd switched from the pursuit of knowledge and weapons development at all cost to pure promotion of anarchy for anarchy's sake.
Sam nodded at Steve's shoulder, and Steve belatedly realized that he was holding his right arm awkwardly, stiff against his side. "Iron Man said you'd gotten hurt," Sam said. "How bad is it?"
Tempting as the thought was, they had too large an audience right now for Steve to indulge himself. Tony, being Tony, would probably make no effort to stop him if he tried.
"No!" someone shouted — Loki?
"That doesn't make the consequences go away. Nobody trusts me or my company anymore, not after what Stane did. After what I did. Everyone knows what Tony Stark is like, how easy it is to get what you want out of him if you just use enough alcohol." Tony made a rough, half-laughing sound. "I probably won't even remember it in the morning."
Steve rubbed at the back of his neck, the motion awkward and jerky. "I'm glad to be back," he said. "But we have some questions we need to ask you and Dr. Strange."
Cap entered the room first, ducking his head slightly as he came through the doorframe, as if he expected the jamb to be too low to clear the top of his head; it wasn't, but only by a few inches. He was in civilian clothes, the collar of his old-fashioned trench coat turned up against the cool night air.
Redwing swooped down to settle on Sam's shoulder, making a soft, chirring noise of protest at being left behind. Then Steve appeared at Sam's side, grabbing him by the elbow. "Can you get back up?' he asked, tone abrupt, no preamble at all. "War Machine's gone into the dining room, so if anyone else jumps, there's only Carol to catch them."
it, Steve." He locked eyes with Steve, his voice tight with suppressed emotion. "Strange thinks I could end up stuck like this forever if I do."
“Wasp?”  Sharon’s voice was softer now, less brisk.  “Are you all right?”
Sam couldn't glide from a standing start, and Clint's arrows were no use at close range, but there was nothing wrong with either of their right hooks.  Unfortunately, Doom barely felt them through his armor.
Both the girls drank. So did Tony, tossing back the shot glass full of soda with an ease that spoke of more practice than Steve wanted to think about.
"That too," Wanda said. "How did you guys know to come?"
Wanda reached out to poke tentatively at one of the cat's front feet, then snatched her hand back as he swiped at her. "He has an extra toe on his front foot. I never noticed that before." Then, to the cat, "Hello, kitty, are you a mutant too? Yes, you are. An angry mutant."
One of the benefits of having a significant other who gave more money to the Metropolitan Museum of Art than many people earned in a year was that the dinners, special exhibition previews, and private showings that museum sponsors were invited to generally included a 'plus one.' That was, for significant others who were free to broadcast their relationship to all and sundry without ending up on the front page of every newspaper in the country, and probably a few international ones as well.
Where were the others? She had called for them ages ago; why weren't they here yet?
In the long moment of silence while Ben considered his answer, no doubt looking for ways to pick it apart, the mental jolt from the Extremis as one of the subroutines he was running threw up a giant red flag was startling enough to make him twitch.
Clint's usually bright costume was dull grey-violet with dust, and his gloves were scuffed and torn — he'd been pulling people out of the rubble under the fire fighters' direction despite not being trained for it beyond the usual superhero's basic knowledge of rescue techniques. She forgot, most of the time, that he had no powers, not even Steve's minimal healing factor and enhanced physical performance. Clint never let the fact that he was eternally outclassed by almost everyone around him slow him down.
"Wanda," Steve said. "Iron Man. And Hank. Clint didn't mention that you were coming."
Hank, then. Hank had said he would be coming back with Tony, a sort of quiet defiance in his voice daring anyone to tell him no. Steve had been too preoccupied to care, enough so that he had nearly forgotten to tell Jan that Hank was coming. Tony was hurt. Nothing else anyone from the West Coast team had had to say had seemed important.
"This is going to sound really silly, but it's not real. This isn't actually you. The real you is just another guy, and I'm not gonna something that wouldn't be real, or even pretend like we might. After all," he added, serious expression transforming into a smirk, "my mother always said I shouldn't lead women on."
Tony shook his head. "I've just been busy." He offered Steve an apologetic smile. "Sorry."
People were just coming back from the dead all over the place these days, Clint reflected, grinning to himself. Even if Thor, or, well, Don Blake, was being kind of a jerk about things -- okay, with reason, but still -- it was great that he was back.
Wanda gave him a tired smile.  “We saved the world.  Again.”
"Are you sure you're all right?' he asked, taking a step closer to Tony. Tony had been on edge lately, unpredictable, and there was clearly something very wrong here no matter how fine he insisted he was.
A opening that blatant really deserved to be met with detailed descriptions, but it was late already, and describing exactly what he'd wanted to do to Steve for the past two hours, ever since he'd watched him lick spaghetti sauce off the wooden spoon he'd somehow found in Tony's unopened boxes of cookware, would have taken longer than actually doing it was going to. "I'll think of something."
"What kind of collectors are we talking about?"
At the end of the day, Thomas had to answer to the museum's board of trustees, as well as to the donors who had given them the book in the first place. The donors wanted the book to be protected from theft, especially theft by international terrorists, but also wanted it to go back on display as soon as possible, and the trustees were highly skeptical about the existence of any "so called curse" as well as the necessity of having Dr. Strange remove it.
Tony hadn't stopped drinking until he was on the verge of killing himself, had actually
"Dr. Pym ran numerous blood tests on you after you were first transformed. Your female body was completely sterile." Strange was frowning fiercely now, one hand raised toward Tony again.
Steve picked it up, careful of the broken glass. Underneath it was a framed pen and ink sketch of the city skyline that had once hung in the tower's kitchen.
"Yes," Hank said, "but I - I'll just, just go set up the lab." He fled the hallway so quickly that Jan almost called him back, old instinct temporarily overwhelming good sense.
The quinjet's engine cut off, and the door opened, revealing Wanda, dressed in costume and with a duffle bag in one hand. Next to her was Hank.
Steve sighed. "I don't know. He's awake, and he spoke to Peter before, but I don't know that he's really hearing anything we're saying."
He hadn't meant to fall asleep at all.  When they'd all returned to Stark Tower, to set up temporary headquarters in their remaining undamaged living space, Carol had "suggested" that everyone without a half-Kree metabolism catch a couple of hours sleep, so that they wouldn't be operating solely on what little sleep they'd gotten last night when the inevitable crisis hit.
the suit, judging by his expression.
The part of Steve that wanted to snarl at Rhodey to stay away from Tony, to keep his paws off him because he'd tried to hurt him in the past, was completely irrational and motivated solely by leftover protectiveness from yesterday.
Agatha was a servant of Chthon. She was the one who had helped Loki craft the curse he had cast on Tony. She was going to call Chthon up to inhabit a human vessel, the way he had once possessed Wanda.
Hank flinched, and looked away, suddenly seeming to find the computer screen he was standing next to utterly fascinating, and Tony winced inwardly. Ultron was not something to joke about with Hank.
Tony forced himself to smile, the expression feeling stiff and fake. This would be easier with a glass in his hand, something to make him just a little less tightly wound. He cut the thought off before it could go any further; nothing good ever followed it.
He couldn't remember most of his dreams last night, but at least one had involved drowning, the water warm and metallic tasting. He wasn't sure if it had been Bucky's face staring down through the water at him, or Sharon's, or Tony's.
He was staring intently at the mass spectrometer, trying to will it to produce results, when someone knocked on the door frame. Wanda, probably; he'd heard her heels clicking on the hallway's wooden floorboards.
Tony smirked, dodging back out of range, the blow missing him by less than an inch. "And it never occurred to you and Sharon that the backseats of those flying cars are monitored?"
Tony pushed his chair back from the workbench and stood; for a moment, Steve thought he was going to start pacing, or shove the chair back in hard, or maybe sweep something off the workbench with his arm. Something violent or restless. Instead he stood perfectly still, his body humming with tension.
The living room was dark, lit only by the light from the windows and the faint glow of the digital clock on the DVD player. Tony was a dark shape on the couch, face buried in his hands. As Steve stepped into the room, he heard Tony sigh; he obviously knew Steve was there, even if he wasn't looking up.
Cap was now wearing the slightly hunted  look of a man currently counting backward in his head to try and figure  out when it was going to be exactly six months after he and Tony had  gotten together.
The armor opened up under his hands, red and gold metal falling away and clattering to the floor, leaving Tony lying half in Steve’s lap. He wearing the remains of what had probably started the day as a nice suit -- wrinkled black slacks and a white dress shirt, the fabric crumpled into shapelessness by the armor. His hair was stuck to his forehead with sweat, and he was breathing in shallow gasps.
He folded the page back, giving himself a pristine new surface to draw on, and let himself doodle absentmindedly. He was probably trying too hard, holding the pencil too tightly and over-controlling the lines.
Complying with the SHRA had been necessary, both as the only viable way to exercise some degree of damage control, and because refusing to obey legitimate government legislation would have only made the public perception of superhumans worse – as the anti-Registration side's resistance, in fact, had.
Her hands hurt.   Hands, and the back of her neck, a bright flare of pain like hot metal.
Tony shook his head. "Neither did I, obviously." His voice was bitter. He wrapped his arms around his ribcage, shoulders hunched in on himself, and stared at a point on the carpet behind and slightly to the left of Steve.
"I needed an excuse to leave the room anyway. He had Tony take his shirt off so he could get a better read on... something. I don't know. It apparently required bare skin." He paused, making a wry face, and added, "Tony makes a disturbingly attractive woman."
"It's all right," Steve was saying, "I've got you." And then, a long moment later, "I was worried you wouldn't wake up."
"Jan's looking for someone to watch fashion week with her."
They couldn't afford to waste time on this argument, not with Hank and Jan missing.  "I'm not staying.  We don't have time for it.  Doom's got the Dee manuscript, which he can presumably use to acquire the spear, and once he's got that, there's going to be damn little we can do about it."  And they still didn't know what Sin actually wanted, other than just to kill everyone.  And if Thor was right, Loki was involved somehow as well, obviously having moved on to a new temporary ally in her quest to regain the spear for herself.
Redwing landed on the unconscious man's chest, eyeing him first with one baleful golden eye, then the other; Tony wasn't sure if it was general suspicion, confusion over the fact that the monster of moments before was gone, or vengeful wrath because the man had tried to hurt Sam.
"Where are they?"  If Doom had killed them, he'd be gloating about it.  He ought to be gloating regardless, threatening to kill them if the Avengers didn't stand aside and let him do whatever he wanted.
From somewhere in one of the room's darker corners, Steve could hear the quiet squeaking sound the cat made when it was bored and looking for something to destroy. Aside from that, the room was almost oppressively quiet.
Tony offered Ben an apologetic smile, trying to ignore the trails of yellow and grey sparks that obscured half the man's face. "I'm sorry; we're going to have to cut this short. Duty calls."
MJ grinned proudly, obviously pleased.
"Is everyone all right?" Steve asked, looking first to Sam, then Tony.
"I know he's here, Jarvis. I traced the IP address he sent the last thirty emails SI's gotten from him to the mansion."
There had to be some kind of digital recording equipment that was closer to Maya and Dr. Deodato than he was. Trying to hack into it might just give him a nosebleed at this point, though, after all the strain he'd put on the Extremis over the past few days, and yesterday's blinding migraine wasn't something he was eager to repeat.
, anything that wasn't about death or burning or regrets it was too late to do anything about. "And I'm sorry for..." How did you even say this –
Pepper didn't even bother trying to deny it. "You'd be cute in a miniskirt, sir. The board would love it."
"Well, I hope it's still interesting even without the hors d'oeuvres and women in fancy dresses." Steve had been dragged to more than one of those fund raisers, before Tony had started drinking. Tony had always claimed that he needed someone with him who could talk about art, so that he wouldn't look like a clueless engineer who didn't know anything about culture, or that Captain America's presence at a particular benefit dinner would ensure a better turn out. There were always hors d'oeuvres, the tinier the better, and women dressed as if they were ready to attend the opera.
Tony stopped, half-turning to look at Steve. "I have a project for Rhodey to work on. His new shoulder gun keeps jamming, and he wants me to-"
Wanda nodded silently, the two of them sharing a moment of wordless communication whose content Tony didn't need to guess at. Then she pulled up the cloak's hood and walked briskly down the steps.
"You should really go upstairs and tell Cap you're here. Things are..." his memory offered him a vivid image of Jan huddled in bed, tears streaking her face "not good. And ow, do you really have to do that so hard?"
"I can think of more entertaining kinds of action," Tony said, writhing in a vain attempt to buck Steve off. Steve was only a couple of inches taller than he was, the difference in height almost negligible, but forty extra pounds of mass meant that when Steve truly wanted Tony to stay put somewhere, moving wasn't really a viable option.
"Does it matter?" Tony shrugged one shoulder. "Like I told Steve, just be glad you have a second chance."
"I thought I was dying, you know, right before I called Hank. I-" He glanced at Steve, then away. "I wanted to call you, but you were still in New York and I knew I needed help right away, but I still wanted... I had this crazy idea that you being there would somehow make things all right."
Dead? "I didn't hit him that hard," Steve protested. "He was still conscious when I left him."
"You said he talked to Peter? How come he's not talking now?"
though half of France, and through Italy before that; it was probably a miracle that it was still readable, after all this time.
"You're trying now, though," Steve started. "That's the important-"
Pepper smiled, a small, sad smile. "There was a while there when the three of us were all each of us had. I guess it made us almost like a family."
Wanda sighed, and shoved the wayward piece of hair back behind her ear. "I thought it would be hard getting used to being on a team with Vision again, but..." she trailed off, letting the sentence hang.
There was a tiny burn on Steve's chest, a dark pinprick on one of the blue scales. A spark must have hit him while Tony was working on the armor. If he looked down at his own arms, Tony knew, he would probably see more small burns; he barely noticed them at this point, after years of metal working. Most of them healed in a few days, without scarring.
Probably, Sam reflected, because Steve had a habit of throwing his shield indoors when he was bored, something that he couldn't blame any self-respecting cat for objecting to. Sharing an apartment with Steve had been an exercise in broken lamps, cracked picture frames, and arguing over the radio — Steve had refused to listen to anything recorded after about 1960 that wasn't by the Rat Pack, which Sam suspected had been done out of a deliberate desire to be irritating. Sam had retaliated by spending entire days speaking in 70s and 80s slang he knew Steve had never heard of.
Not knowing probably did make it worse. If you knew, you at least knew exactly how bad it had been. Missing time, when anything at all could have happened, and might have, would be even more frightening.
Hank pulled a face. "Thanks for that, by the way. It's not like I have any right to complain, but seriously, you couldn't have waited a month?"
"Keeping it next to my bed is not sleeping with it." He reached out and grabbed Tony by the wrist, pulling him toward the door that led back out into his office. "Come on," he said. "And don't you dare offer to let me back out of this one more time. We are getting married in three weeks come hell or high water. If Chthon couldn't stop us, then backwards and intolerant state laws sure as hell won't. We can go to Massachusetts."
Sin laughed, the sound reverberating in a way that shouldn't have been possible coming from a human throat.   She thrust her good hand toward Doom, and Tony's vision dissolved into static as the armor's visual sensors malfunctioned and his helmet display warped into a distorted smear of light.   He shut them all down and switched to simply looked through the helmet's lenses, normal vision with nothing enabled, just in time to see the spear hit the ground, the air around it wavering as if from extreme heat.
A wall of invisible force hit them like a wave, crushing her into the hard metal of Tony's armor, and then Wanda was falling the remaining few feet to the ground.
If Jan wasn't done with that, she was going to be less than pleased. Steve checked the title absently, and reconsidered; no, it was Vogue. She only read that in order to mock other designers' haute couture clothing anyway.
Tony had assumed, once upon a time, that one got to choose the clothing, decorations, and so forth for one's own wedding. Maybe some people did. Those people didn't know Jan Van Dyne.
"No," he told her, not bothering with diplomacy. "You can't. SHIELD isn't set up to handle supernatural threats. The Avengers can. We've done it before."
Tony said.
Steve shook his head slightly, refusing to let his good mood be spoiled by cynical thoughts about what might have been. "I hate politics," he said, without any real venom. "There doesn't always have to be a negative trade-off for good fortune. Sometimes people really do get a second chance."
"Tony!" Steve dropped to one knee in front of him, reaching for his shoulders, and then Tony went completely limp inside the armor, crumpling to the floor to lie half-curled on his side, legs twisted under him.
So stupid. Of course Tony could get pregnant. He might be male, but his body was very definitely female. Steve knew that better than anyone.
he suspected. Some, like Layton and Shooter, had been on the board of directors since his father had been his age, and he'd once seen Shooter pat a secretary on the ass.
. In his head, making him do things.
"No, because Tony's better with computers than you are."
He couldn’t move.  He couldn’t
"It's too late," she said, between gritted teeth.  "Chthon's not confined to the cathedral anymore.  He's possessed someone, I can feel it."
Sam shrugged. "When you're giving a museum enough money to have your name carved on a plaque in the front hallway, you can probably do whatever you want."
Thor reached for Mjolnir's handle, the leather wrapped metal fitting easily against his palm. "Show yourself, Loki," he growled.
“Yes.”  Forcing the word out around the tightness in his throat hurt.  “The spear went right through his armor.  I think some of his ribs are broken.  Clint’s injured, too, and Wanda.” Once he’d begun, the words just kept pouring out.  “And Sam – Redwing grabbed the spear.  I think it did something to them.  I don’t know.  They need medical attention, too.”
It had had a cape with a flared, stand-up collar tall enough that it had nearly been even with Wanda's ears. The cape had been pink.
It wasn't like last year.  These were Doombots, not Ultron clones, and Clint was still alive.  And she was in control of her own powers, her own mind.
"She didn't come in; she just... appeared." Tony's voice, equally startled and offended-sounding. "It's either magic, or some kind of teleportation device. Come on; I've told the security guards not to try to approach her."
"To remake the earth in his own image, preferably killing or enslaving everyone on it in the process." Wong said the words with faint disgust, as if he'd encountered entities like Chthon far too many times to be impressed by them any longer. "Unfortunately, he's powerful enough to do it."
Scanning them with the armor's sensors was useless; each one appeared human not only to infrared heat sensors, but to the armor's more complex biorhythm sensors.  They had heartbeats, something that registered on his sensors as functioning lungs, and even minute electrical impulses that mimicked human brain activity.  Doom might be a megalomaniacal drama queen in a silly mask, but he was a genius with tech.
Tony had a point there.  There were times when Steve felt aggressively daring and defiant just for holding Tony’s hand or putting an arm around his waist in public, and other times when he found himself halfway through some blatantly intimate gesture before the question of how people would react and if he really should be doing this in front of an audience occurred to him.  Tonight, he felt like being defiant.
"I don't think I like this new A.I.M.," Clint commented. "It used to take MODOK at least a week to get his plans in motion after a jailbreak."
Having his cybernetic connection to the armor hacked, and used to control him, had put paid to that little fantasy — he'd turned himself into a living weapon, and weapons could always fall into the wrong hands. It had been a mistake to forget that.
"No." Carol turned a page in her book, not looking up. "I think it's hiding somewhere. I haven't seen it since yesterday."
"That's private," Steve said, forcing the words out around the tight knot in his throat. "And so was this." He touched the picture of himself and Tony at the museum with one fingertip.
"And you're not?" The Wasp asked, sounding out of patience, yet not unaffectionate.
"People on the internet think what?" the Falcon asked, raising his eyebrows in open skepticism. "Ignore it. People will say anything on the internet."
Don went stiff. Clint didn't let go, babbling, "Oh my God, I can't believe you're back, Big Guy! When did you come back? Why didn't you tell us?" he demanded, cheerfully ignoring the hypocrisy.
"No," Hank said.
"Loki Laufeyson, Lie-Smith, sly one, sky walker, I summon you.  Loki Laufeyson..."
He had looked less fragile when Steve had left him sitting in a hospital bed with an IV in his arm.
"Tony?" he said tentatively. Tony might not have responded to the doctors, but maybe he would react to a familiar voice.
She leaned across the table and put a hand on Tony's arm, nodding at the vent. "I think we might have a problem."
At last!  After so long straining to send his influence through worn places in the walls of his prison, success was his.  The mortal woman was offering herself up to him, all but demanding that he use her as a vessel.
"We're going to need it. Winter Soldier's injured."
"The blame lies on my head," Thor said, drowning out Tony's protests, "I taunted Loki with the memory of an incident wherein he was greatly shamed and mortified. Iron Man was the unfortunate victim of his retaliation."
Jan rolled her eyes. "Kissing me in order to tease Clint and Pietro doesn't count. You can put the glass down."
Steve carefully smudged the shading around the curve of the vase until it was even, then studied it and considered the merits of erasing and starting over again. The entire thing was slightly but visibly lopsided.
"Jesus fuck, my car!" a man wailed. The black Mercedes that the driver had hit after bouncing off the SUV had probably cost more than most people made in a year. Now, with both passenger-side doors crumpled in, it was just a very expensive insurance claim.
This was the first time they'd seen each other since Clint, Scott, and Vision's funeral, Steve realized abruptly. Since the Avengers had broken up. "Since my old apartment blew up," he said. "SHIELD set me up in a converted warehouse down here. I've got the whole building to myself, as long as I agree to let Nick use it as a safe house any time one of his people needs to crash in this part of the city."
He felt restless, twitchy, the kind of useless, jumpy energy he usually burned off by going for a run or working out, but a hand-to-hand workout with Sam earlier hadn't made a dent in it.
Steve, of course, was ready to believe that Wanda really was back, that Strange had somehow managed to find her and, miraculously, heal her. If he hadn't, he would do what he had to do, just as Tony would, but it would hurt him to have to treat Wanda as an enemy once more. All of them had spent far too much time fighting old friends.
"Rogers," he said as he activated it. With any luck, it would be Tony, announcing that he and Jan had finished with the reporter and were on their way home.
Erwin and Clytemnesta Morley... both of them dead in explosions, casualties of Tony's stupid, destructive rivalry with Obadiah Stane. Rhodey felt the guilt over their deaths as much as he did, he knew - he had been the one wearing the armor when Erwin had died, when Tony and Rhodey had both failed to save him.
Strange smiled at that, a sardonic flicker of humor in his eyes. "Because untrained magical potential is dangerous, especially for those who have a great deal of it, and there are few forms of magical energy more dangerous and unpredictable than chaos magic. And of those remaining who possess the knowledge and ability to train you, very few can be trusted."
"Do not underestimate trickery," she snapped, and beneath his mask, Doom smiled. Lesser minds were so easily manipulated. At least Loki, unlike Sin, represented something of a challenge.
"I... may have been over-reacting when I did that." Backing down and putting his real costume back on after all of that had been an embarrassing lesson in swallowing one's pride, but it had been the right thing to do. The administration whose actions he had been protesting had been on their way out - was out, now - and it had been time to stop grandstanding.
Steve threw a jab at Tony's shoulder, being careful not to put his full weight behind it. Tony spun sideways, just managing to dodge the blow, and landed a punch against Steve's ribs.
"I think I can manage that." Tony's voice was still completely devoid of animation, but Steve thought there might be a flicker of wry humor there. He turned to look at Don and Hank, giving Steve a view of the back of his head. "Thank you. Both of you. For, um, letting me keep this out of a hospital and therefore out of the press."
The quinjet lowered itself slowly onto the mansion's lawn, grass flattening out around it from the force of its exhaust, a slight wobble to its motion that meant that Tony wasn't flying it.
"I don't think he wanted to go." That was an understatement, actually. Tony had begun to wear a distinctly hunted look any time anyone connected with the government contacted them. He was handling all of it, and better than Hank would have, but nobody bounced back quickly from the kind of burnout Tony had been headed for after Doom and company attacked. Even a week later, when the hearings in DC had started, there had still been circles under his eyes.
"You have to tell him, Tony. Whatever you do is your choice, but he deserves to know." Wanda's voice was audible from down the hallway, the concern in it obvious.
"You've told him she is, though." She didn't make it a question.
Her face went from sneering disdain to childish glee like a switch flipping. "Good," she said brightly. "I have plans for him. He killed my Brock. I'm going to make him beg me for death. Poison would be too easy." She hefted the Luger, her eyes traveling slowly over the Avengers, then narrowing. "That one." She waved the muzzle of the gun at Sam. "He was there when you and your little friend killed Daddy. I think I'll shoot him first."
Sin stepped through the flames, a short length of spear in one hand.
Was he having some kind of bizarre panic attack over fighting with Steve? That made no sense; this wasn't the first time they'd argued about something since Steve had come back, and if he were going to completely lose it like this, surely he would have done it weeks ago, back when he'd still been waking up each morning from dreams that Steve was still dead.
Carol made a noncommittal sound.  She didn’t need to ask for further details; superheroes were as familiar with casualties and hospital vigils as soldiers, and Carol had been both.  She didn’t try to offer reassurances, either.
"Do you think I'd have sex with you in that room if I knew the Winter Soldier, and probably Nick Fury, were watching?"
Dr. Brackett looked from Clint to Sam. They both nodded at him, and he sighed, shaking his head. "Perfect. Wonderful. We can't sedate him, because God knows how it will interact with whatever he's already been given, and he can screw with medical equipment with his head. Do you have any idea how much sensitive and expensive medical equipment there is in this wing of the hospital alone?"
There would be no going back from this, he knew. It was going to be permanent. Their lives would never be the same.
"Whatever you decide to do will be all right with me," he said. "It's your body, and your future." The fact that Steve had envisioned a future for both of them, even if only for a few seconds, was immaterial.
just spent twenty-four hours in the hospital, and, moreover, that it had been on the news, but he'd taken her point. With businessmen, as with supervillains, it was never a good idea to show weakness.
"Where is she? Is she all right? Does she know who she is again?"
he was miscarrying. "I'm almost certain you're having a miscarriage." How many Gs had Tony pulled in the armor during that fight yesterday? Or was his body simply rejecting the baby because it wasn't actually designed for pregnancy, or because the fetus had some inherent genetic flaw? Then the rest of Tony's statement caught up with him. "You told Thor?" Thor had many good qualities, but the ability to keep a secret was not one of them.
Steve hesistated, steps slowing, trying to think of the proper way to explain this to Rhodey, when Rhodey spoke.
"She didn't say anything to me that wasn't technically true, except for the part about not telling me that she'd been hired by Stane to spy on me." With most of his attention focused on where his feet were, not what he was saying, the words came more easily. Dancing was like sparring, in a way, or driving a car with sensitive steering and tight suspension. He leaned a little closer to Rhodey and concentrated on synchronizing their movements, on the sound of the music, on anything but the memory of Indres' parting words.
was not a response people were equipped to handle, either.
Clint jumped up, pain jolting through his thigh as he put more weight on his leg than he'd meant to, and flung both arms around Don Blake.
Loki was standing dead center in the lobby, her feet planted in the middle of the silvery design – some kind of electrical diagram – inlaid in the marble floor. Dark-uniformed security guards and a dozen or so men and women in business attire were clustered nervously against the walls, staring at her.
She fought back the urge to apologize — it wasn't her fault that Doom had attacked them — and glanced around for Clint.  He was standing on the second floor balcony, looking trapped, irritated, and out of arrows.
"Is Sam-" Jan started, then broke off.  "The last time I saw him," she went on after a moment, "Sin was getting ready to cut his throat."
"No," Steve said. "It was more like an hour. Then I saw that tape and almost changed my mind."
She shook her head. "It worked and didn't explode, but the supervillain we were trying to contain with it escaped anyway." The two of them had tried to get Captain Marvel to help them test the strength of the field and its efficacy at containing beings who could transform themselves into energy, but Monica had categorically refused to let herself be used as a test subject for a machine built out of repurposed kitchen appliances. Wanda hadn't blamed her. Much as she usually trusted her teammates, Hank and Tony's ideas of what did and didn't constitute acceptable risks to take in the name of advancing science were... very flexible. The fact that Hank still tested experiments on himself despite once having been stuck at twelve feet tall for over a month as a result probably told you all you needed to know on the subject.
"I'll think about it." Tony looked up again, a thin, strained smile on his face. "Thank you," he said. "For understanding."
Cap offered him what Clint thought was probably supposed to be a smile. It looked more like a wince. "Thank you, Sam." He turned away, and stepped into Tony's room without looking back.
"He was going to cast Chthon back out of the cathedral," Daredevil said, frowning. "He told him to go back to 'the place from whence he came'. That was when Mr. Gillis tried to stab him."
He didn't mention Tony's armor. Thor had spent most of the past couple of weeks not mentioning Tony, or Hank. It was hard to blame him, as much as part of Steve wanted to come to Tony's defense, but it made for uncomfortable strategy sessions, since he wouldn't speak directly to the two of them, either.
Steve kissed him, hard, then made himself pull back and be gentle. Tony didn't look sick, didn't
The Night Nurse shook her head. "I've seen him work magic with more severe injuries than that."
"I wouldn't do it on purpose, but you know as well as I do that my powers haven't always been under my control."
"That's not what I meant," Carol snapped, holding up gloved palms defensively. She was hovering, too, now, the ground dozens of feet below them. "Jesus, what kind of grudge-holding bitch do you think I am? I understand that it wasn't her fault. I get it. I'm over blaming her. I just don't want Chthon to use her like some puppet again and destroy the city in the process."
"You belong here." The whispery voice echoed through the house, faint, but seeming to come from everywhere at once.
Clint shrugged. "They weren't that good after the second one, anyway. Not that I cared," he went on hastily, "since they're kids' books and I was only reading them to Cassie."
"Since we've established that I haven't sustained any permanent damage, can I leave now?"
"Good," Carol said. "Because having Wanda back in the line-up is awkward enough." She put her empty ice cream bowl down, the spoon clinking against the side of the bowl. "What are we going to do if Chthon gets to her again?"
"Jan!" Hank ran forward, still normal-sized, intent on reaching Jan's small, crumpled body.
Even if he hadn't... she'd had amnesia, had no idea who he was, no knowledge of their shared past. There had been a million and one reasons why sleeping with her had been a bad idea, and Clint had known all of them, and Wanda hadn't. And that felt uncomfortably like taking advantage of her.
So much the better. An audience would be a hindrance, diverting his attention from the task at hand with the need to keep a dozen pairs of unwanted eyes from witnessing his presence.
Tony had lied to him, manipulated him, but deep down, he had the uncomfortable feeling that he might be secretly grateful for it, at least a little. He hadn't had to make the kind of choices Tony had, and even though he'd deserved the right to make them... he couldn't help but be a little glad that, in the end, he hadn't had to. He hadn't knowingly supported the things SHIELD and the House Unregistered Superhuman Activities Committee had been doing in secret. He'd only had to sell out a little, not sell out all the way, and he certainly hadn't been made to pay for it the way some people had. His family had paid, Aunt May had paid, but it could have been so much worse.
Don jerked upright and opened his eyes to light.  A door in the opposite wall had opened, spilling a long line of harsh, fluorescent light across the floor. Silhouetted against it was a man in a dark uniform, a gun in one hand and three water bottles tucked under the other arm.
"Your cat is staring at me," Rhodey commented.
He'd never been able to get through to Tony when he needed to, either, but he was determined to try now. Like he'd told Tony earlier, he was running out of people to worry about.
pregnant. No wonder he didn't want to hear Thor talking about what kind of warrior his and Steve's child would be.
The artificial heart was startlingly visible this way, a dark shadow beneath the pale film of the shirt.
He wasn't sure which way Wong would move — he'd rarely seen the man in a fight, though Iron Fist and Spiderman had both assured him that he was good.
"It would have gone ill for the Falcon had we not. He has much skill and valor, but those do not protect against explosions as Ms. Marvel's invulnerability or an Asgardian's strength may."
Steve's lips might have twitched slightly. "You always have good reasons. Or at least think you do."
Someone was going to trample her, or worse.
"That's between me and Clint." Wanda's voice rose sharply as she spoke, the words sounding strained, defensive, as if she truly felt guilty. Good. She ought to. "I brought him back as soon as I could. He's one of my oldest friends—do you think I wouldn't do anything to be able to do the same with Vision?"
“Did we lose anyone?” she interrupted, the words sharp and hurried.  “They wouldn’t tell me anything.”  She leaned forward, no longer lying back against the raised hospital bed, eyes intent on his face.
It shouldn't make a difference; Tony was no more attractive now than he had been before - if anything, he was slightly better looking as a man than as a woman - and he was every bit as capable of being Iron Man. And every bit as tightly-wound, every bit as much of a potential loose canon.
“Wanda’s awake.”
As it fell shut, the string of emails from Pepper that Tony was mentally glancing over with a corner of his attention dissolved into static, as did the newsfeed full of reports on the mutant situation. He stiffened, and reached automatically for the armor, relaxing again when he was able to access it easily. Jan's cell phone was still detectible, too, searching futilely for a signal.
"Yeah, thanks for that, by the way." Rhodes' voice was not quite sarcastic, but only by a small margin. "You did hear the part where I said they're suing us?"
For the first time since he’d met her, Steve welcomed the sound of Sub-director Hill issuing orders.
He hadn't wanted Steve's child, either, or to be married to him. It had been ridiculous to offer, to expect that he would.
With Tony absent, the tower didn't feel like home, somehow. Possibly because most of his things were still in boxes, sitting unopened in the corners of the room he was sharing with Tony. Some of them were still sealed with packing tape.
Thor grimaced. "My consent was neither anticipated nor necessary, I believe."
"Of course they were afraid, Hank." Wanda spoke gently, voice serious. "Every time the government deals with mutants, you can hear the threat of 'do what we want, or the Sentinels will come for you again' in everything they say." She shook her head slightly, a lock of hair falling forward over her shoulder. "They're Magneto's greatest recruiting tool."
"Right. Take it easy," he said, trying for confidence and optimism. "I can do that."
Dangerous? "I know what I'm doing."
He played the energy burst back, first normal speed, then slowed down by 50%, then in reverse. The energy usage was immense and flashily inefficient, and the radiation was all over the spectrum, including parts of it that didn't naturally occur in this dimension outside of laboratory conditions.
"If we leave the armor here, Tony will kill us," Rhodey said, gesturing at the scattered pieces of Tony's arm with a clunky metal arm.
or part of the
Deep fried twinkies were an X-Men tradition, one of the few Wanda had ever adopted. Pietro would never admit to liking something so classlessly American, but that never stopped him from eating three of them in a row, and it was also one of the few things she and John had ever bonded over. He might be a chauvinistic jerk, but U.S. Agent understood the appeal of sugar and grease almost as well as an energy mutant.
"It didn't match your suit." Jan smoothed his lapel, then gave it a little pat before letting her hand drop. "Navy blue doesn't go with black. And you make a very attractive doll."
Tony stared at him, the irritation Steve had expected to see completely absent from his expression. "That may be the sappiest thing anyone has ever said to me," he said, lips curving into a slightly-crooked smile.
Steve sighed, and let his hand fall back to his side. Tony needed sleep. They both needed sleep.
"Did that get him to stop worrying about whether Doom had sacrificed thirteen virgins to Satan to bring him back?"
Hank nodded, and forced himself to his feet, looking back over his shoulder at the door to Jan's room. Then he left, walking down the hall to the elevator.
"I don't know if that's a good idea," the Falcon interrupted. "The Scarlet Witch just got rid of the last evil chaos magic thing that possessed her. The last thing we need right now is for her to face off against Loki and get screwed with some more."
He, Steve, and Thor all leapt to their feet at once, racing for the front hallway.
"–I don't think–"
Tony's eyes, already squinted against the light, narrowed further. "Do you think I wanted to turn one of my oldest friends into a living weapon? Do you think Hank wanted to? They didn't give us a choice." There was a sort of weary anger in his voice, too rough around the edges to be faked.
Lemuria. One of the Lemurian arms dealers Fury had had neutralized last month had dealt in explosives containing Antarctic vibranium. The money trail Tony had followed through what had felt like half the banks in Europe and Asia had ended in Latveria.
The question was so far out of left field that Clint nearly answered it by reflex, despite the fact that had nothing to do with what he was trying to talk about, but Hank didn't give him a chance. "That's you," he said, waving at the bottom line of DNA. "That's Wanda," the top one, "these two in the middle are me and Jan, and
"I was thinking," Tony said, staring across the table at Steve through his eyelashes and lowering his voice slightly - exactly like this afternoon with the DoE representative, except that this time, it didn't make him feel dirty, "that we could have dessert later. Back at the mansion."
Steve started forward—and Wanda sagged to lean against the edge of the bed, the light flickering out.
She couldn't even talk to anyone about it; either they wouldn't know enough about what had happened, or they would be appalled at her for missing the way things had been. She ought to have had no feelings left for him but contempt, or maybe pity, but the more time passed, the more she found herself remembering the parts of their relationship that had been good. The parts that had made them both happy.
Steve only did that when he was happy. "Singin' in the Rain or New York, New York?" she asked.
The one thing that could make this worse for Tony when he woke up -- and he going to wake up, he was -- would be having pictures of it plastered all over the front page of the
"I can't tell," Tony admitted.  "He's upgraded his robots.  Even SHIELD's LMDs aren't this seamless, and I designed those."  That wasn't entirely true —
"So, when are you and Happy's dinner reservations?" he asked.
Was he on any kind of medication? Getting any kind of treatment? She hadn't asked. She'd been careful to learn as little about what Hank was doing or not doing as possible. It wasn't her problem anymore. Wasn't her problem anymore. He'd lost any right to her concern and support when he'd hit her.
She nodded toward the closed door at the far end of the reception area, her bright hair the only spot of color in the room. "He's in there. Tell him I've cancelled all his meetings for the rest of the day, and he can pay me back by actually showing up for the ones I've rescheduled."
Tony had decided to plow through this with the same angry ruthlessness he'd shown the people who'd taken his armor, except this time, that anger was directly at himself, and probably also at Steve. Steve couldn't imagine a loss of control greater than this. Tony was never going to forgive him.
Steve, in that position, wouldn't be willing to— Except that Steve was dead. Tony or Hank might be willing to kill her for the greater good, but Clint, Jan, Simon? They would want to save her at all costs, and there were some costs that she wasn't willing to pay.
Well, until the day before yesterday, in the gym. That had definitely been interaction, and it hadn't been Avengers-related. Neither had his conversation with Tony after the party, or the sparring, really. Teaching Tony hand-to-hand combat had always been something between Steve and Tony Stark, not between Captain America and Iron Man.
back for over a month.
"I...” Clint looked down at his hands, picking at the edge of one of the calluses on his palm. "She had amnesia. She didn't remember me, didn't even remember who she was."
She moved abruptly, a gesture with the spear knocking Carol out of the air and into a huge LCD screen, and this time Steve could almost see the blast of power rippling in the air.
"I know not.  Doom's weapons were more potent than usual.  I had thought Iron Man protected, but..." Thor shook his head slightly, looking faintly regretful.  "Mayhap he has merely been knocked unconscious.  There are no visible injuries."
or against SHIELD. "What were you doing, Tony? What did you think you were- Why were you even fighting him in the first place?" He knew why - to get his precious technology back, technology that was apparently worth more to Tony than friendships, the law, or people's safety and lives - but he wanted to hear Tony say it, wanted to hear him either admit that it was wrong or offer some kind of explanation that would make it all make sense.
"I'm sorry," Tony was saying, again. "I checked for cameras. I always do a scan for cameras and recording devices before I do something like that in public. They must have used analog film."
"I'm going to kill Clint," Jan said calmly, plastering a stiff but blandly pleasant smile onto her face.
"You didn't see yourself," Sam told him.  "You were unconscious and bleeding from your nose and mouth."
"You have a headache." It came out sounding like an accusation. "And you didn't come to bed last night, or the night before," he added, trying to soften his tone. "You can get back to them tomorrow."
Ben nodded. "I imagine they didn't. Mr. Stark said you'd been involved since shortly after the Helicarrier was blown up last spring. That was immediately after your return from the dead. Did that-"
Tony hit him in a classic football tackle, his entire bodyweight colliding with Steve's ribs, and the two of them went crashing to the mat, Steve too off-balance to prevent it.
No, Tony would have heard about that. Morgan always came to him when he was in financial trouble. And if he'd gotten himself into yet more trouble while Tony hadn't been in the picture to bail him out, then that was his own fault, not Tony's.
