They proceed through the motions. Everyone stands and removes their hats for the national anthem, Rezzo and Obadiah both say their peace before shaking hands, and the announcers remind everyone to stick around after the game ends to see which player from each team wins the coveted MVP award, and then it’s time. The organ-player slams away at the keys as everyone takes their positions, a chorus of “Play ball!” erupting from the spectators.
“Then go upstairs! Check the dresser! Stark— Tony? Tony, listen to me, you need to tell me where your inhaler is— Hey, Tony, come on I need you to breathe. Potts told me about this, but I need you to tell me where—”
"What are we waiting on?" Steve whispers to Clint as he approaches, watching Natasha pace back and forth in annoyance, checking her watch every minute or so. While Steve is comfortable with Natasha as a coach at this point, he tends to avoid her when she’s in one of these moods. One wrong look and he'll be running suicides until the sun goes down.
To his surprise, the door opens, only marginally. Tony's peeking at him through the crack that the chain lock allows. His hair is mussed and he's clutching to slacks that he was either getting out of when Steve interrupted, or had just hastily thrown back on.
Steve isn't even sure where Santorini is. "A house."
Tony glares and Steve notices the flush to his cheeks, now seeing that an almost empty glass was clutched in Tony's other hand. "Well, I'm alive. You can go now."
He hopes.
“Right, of course. My apologies, Ms. Carter. Mr. Rogers,” she nods to both of them, keeping her eyes on the floor when she addresses Steve. “Please, right this way. Doctor Hallstatt should be with him now.”
That’s a surprise, but it doesn't make Tony take a seat. He’s never had to have this kind of conversation. Every year he tells Pepper he is staying with the Avengers and she performs her magic and nothing changes. “What do you mean?”
“That makes it so much worse! What if I don’t have anything interesting to say?”
"Okay," he finally agrees. "Dinner was lovely, Maria."
, Tony, you have to get back out there.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “I don’t care about baseball.”
Neither of them have parents to give them away. It might be common to have a close friend or relative take the place of a parent to walk them down the aisle, but in the end, they had no desire to be passed off to the other by someone else. They were continuing forward in their relationship the way they came into it and the way they tackled everything in life: together.
There’s no way she knows. She
Steve watches as he starts to unscrew the panels on the device. The inside looks insanely complicated to Steve, not even sure how the damn thing works. He just sticks the tapes in and hits the little arrow button for it to pop back out and that’s that. Tony immediately starts picking it apart, holding pieces up to his eye before either putting them off to the side or sticking them in a new position.
"Whatever," she waves him off. "Have a good night, Steve."
Tony keeps his hands on the wall without Steve asking him to, his obedience clearly selective. Steve made it clear from the start that he likes to be the one to bring Tony off in the end, especially when Tony’s described his past encounters to him. After everything Tony has given him, Steve wants to make sure the pitcher feels as tended to and liberated as he does.
His words echo in Tony’s mind. It was powerful and assertive. It was vulnerable and raw. It was a confession.
Tony’s eyes flicker to the digital clock on his desk. “Half-past six.”
The bottle has only a few sips left when Tony finally collapses onto his stomach on the bed, splayed out on white sheets in his matching white robe. He reaches out for the remote, groping around for a moment until his fingers enclose around the device. He turns the power on, knowing that ESPN was the last channel the TV had been on that morning before the game.
Tony scoffs. “Well,
He lifts up the hospital gown and immediately drops it in shock, unsure if that’s his own body he’s staring at. Slowly, he lifts it again, blinking as if it might just be a trick of the light. He doesn’t feel like he’s looking at himself, his own torso unrecognizable to him. He felt the bindings around his chest, the taping up of his ribs to help them heal, but it looks so much worse when he takes in all the bandages and wrappings. He’s got deep bruising on his sides and back, parts of his skin still showing signs of visible blood capillaries and leftover damage across previously unmarred skin. He would’ve stood there for another ten minutes before remembering Doctor Hallstatt is waiting on him, and the last thing he wants is for her to send some nurse in because she thinks he’s fallen down trying to take a piss.
“You said Natasha will be there too, right?” Bucky asks, a familiar tone of interest in his voice. “So I’ll finally get to meet the elusive Coach Romanoff?”
His right one is bandaged tightly, but he seems to be able to flex his fingers with minimal pain. The slight throbbing increases when he rotates his wrist, unable to get full mobility on it. His left hand is much worse off. It’s braced in something that’s almost a full cast but not quite, bound up in a heavy-duty brace that completely immobilizes any movement past his elbow. Either his radius or is ulna, he can’t tell which one, feels broken near the wrist, another sharp pain coming from where his thumb connects to his hand when he attempts to wiggle it in the brace. The doctor’s hands move from his chest to his hands when she sees him assessing the damage.
Steve thinks about it for a few moments. "Well... I guess there's one thing."
Some of the older players are rushing off to get to the nearest telephone to call home to their families and let them know. The emotions displayed from the Avengers’ older vets makes Steve a little misty-eyed himself. He knows for at least a couple of their players, namely Duquesne and Whitman, it’s going to be their last season before retiring. He feels a pang of sadness that Sam is no longer on the team to share in their accomplishments, but Steve knows he’s doing just fine for himself ever since making the jump back to the Major Leagues after last season.
Dove seems to remember there’s two customers sitting in front of her, and Steve doesn’t miss the way she ogles at him for a moment before speaking. “Well, hi, Tall, Blonde, and Handsome. What can I wet your whistle with today?”
Steve doesn’t find out the outcome of the game until hours later when he finally leaves Bucky’s hospital room and finds the waiting area chock full of the Stars. They won by the skin of their teeth, and everyone insists it had everything to do with Steve’s home run changing the morale of the game. He wants to celebrate, he does, but his future seems bleak with the person he started this journey with unable to even move his arm past his shoulder.
“He’s just anxious like the rest of us,” Steve answers tensely, effectively ending that conversation. The truth is, Steve doesn’t know exactly what Bucky’s “deal” is. His bad elbow had been a sensitive talking point since as long as they had played baseball together, and while Steve knew his best friend to be unreasonably stubborn at times, he had to put faith in him and pray that Bucky knew his own body better than anyone else.
A whistle comes from the mound as Steve, bewildered, steps down and joins the rest of his team. He stares down at his cleats in confusion, not needing to watch the last pitch to know that Tony isn’t spending a single second longer on the field than he had intended when waltzing in late today.
“I won’t get my hopes up,” Tony mutters, hearing Steve’s crackly sigh again. “I’m sorry. I don’t want to bring you down. It sucks, but we knew it would. Tell me about the team. How are you guys doing so far?”
The batter swings, a loud crack going through the stadium as the ball sails easily into the outfield. Steve watches it hurtle through the sky from first base, the batter already sprinting towards him. The ball goes straight into one of their outfielder’s gloves, a mixed roar of applause and groans coming from the stadium as he is deemed out.
As Steve waits for the computer to boot up, he realizes he isn’t quite sure where to begin. He opens up a web browser and just searches "Tony Stark". The top search results look to be mostly gossip headliners that have little to do with sports, including an image from the news broadcast he had seen earlier that day. He doesn’t want recent; he wants some gaps filled.
“Already got it,” Steve replies, leaving no room for arguments.
“I play shortstop too, Steve!”
Tony looks just as confused as the rest of them, and even though Steve can’t hear what he’s saying to their manager, he can tell it’s all protest. Strange gives a helpless shrug as he steps onto the pitcher’s mound, Steve watching as Janet gently takes Tony by the elbow and begins to lead him off the field, keeping her head down as they go. Tony shoots a quick glance over his shoulder at Steve, but he barely gets a glimpse of him before the whistle is being blown again, signaling play to resume.
“I’m Annie!” She announces excitedly. “Oh my gosh, will you guys come and play with us? My brothers will never believe this!”
Natasha stands In front of the exit door to the locker room, finding a chair to stand on to make sure she’s heard. “Alright everyone, gather round. You guys made plenty of mistakes out there today, but now’s not the time to get on your case about it.”
in the pitching department. Sure, he’s only been playing for two seasons, and stats are certainly set to waver over time, but the results Steve finds indicate that this boy is some kind of perfect baseball robot or android or
“I found it!” Feet pounding back down the stairs.
“Yeah, but we have four nights in
“Your name sure does go far,” Steve tells him about an hour later after finding him along the crowded bar.
Unfortunately the snap decision was just in increment too slow. Hammer makes it safely to third before the ball connects with Cleese’s mitt. Tony swears under his breath, catching the absolutely shit-eating grin on Hammer’s face as he straightens up. “Too slow, Stark!”
“What?”
“Don’t start,” Steve growls, opening his eyes and sitting up to yank Tony back to him. Maybe men aren’t that different from women in the aspect of kissing at the very least, although the scrape of Tony’s very slight stubble against his chin is… new. It’s as soon as they get below the belt that Steve isn’t going to have any idea of what he’s doing. Technically, he has experience with his own cock, it’s handling others’ that he’s worried about. How is he supposed to figure out what Tony likes? What he doesn’t like? The upper half is different too, but maybe that means there’s less to deal with?
, even. Normally when a beloved player transfers teams of their own volition (usually driven by money), the fan base reacts poorly. If anything, Tony’s secret stunt of leaving the Avengers had only increased his popularity. Steve has caught glimpses of Tony’s fans before or after games, and they’re definitely… passionate. As if one could consider yelling marriage proposals and public indecency for the sake of flashing the publicly-proclaimed ladies’ man anything other than
“It was really good to see you again, Steve,” she says, smiling warmly up at him. “I apologize it’s been so long… I know you didn’t leave the Stars on the best terms… I realize I never apologized for how things ended,” she sighs, eyes softening. “I am truly sorry. I could see how unhappy you were after Barnes retired, but I’m glad that didn’t stop you completely.”
more important than trying to greedily go for more than that.
“Shut up, I’ve got this. Just give me a second!”
They both make it back to the mansion in one piece, and the house is silent. "There's a billion guest rooms for you to choose from," he offers, waving a hand around as he shuffles over to the stairs.
Tony sits with Bruce on the bus ride home, again denying Steve the opportunity to get some one-on-one time with him. He sits with the newest addition to their team instead— T’Challa, who they formerly played alongside in the All-Star game. He’s an excellent first baseman and Steve can already see the incredible potential he has to make a great Captain if he ever desired the position, despite being so new to the team. Retirement is never on the forefront of Steve’s mind, but he’s getting up there in terms of age— almost
Tony is standing within a large group made up of old rivals from the PCL, new rivals from the IL he played alongside today, and members of his own team as he regales stories about some of his first games playing for the Avengers. Steve and the others regularly interject, arguing good-heartedly with him about their versions of the story. Tony is doing his best impression of what he liked to call Steve’s Don’t-Steal-That-Base face when he’s suddenly tackled from behind, arms wrapping around him in a hug.
“You can’t be here,” Dr. Erskine says, his voice strained as he walks over to block Steve from coming further into the room.
“Oh not this again,” Tony slams his back into his chair angrily, glaring up the ceiling while his hands go up to grip his hair at the roots. “Save the fucking guilt trip, honey, Janet already took me down that road.”
Bucky immediately drops his fingers away from the joint, shrugging it off with a lopsided smile that didn't convince Steve for a second. "It's fine, as always. Needs a little oil is all.”
Tony laughs loudly, clutching at his head in disbelief. “Oh my god, you’re really trying to relate it all back to my issues with my dad? You’re supposed to be my
Early on, Tony and Bucky didn’t exactly get along. After a few years of both of them realizing they’re two of the most important people in Steve’s life, they started to shelf their differences in favor of embracing their almost uncanny similarities. He looks back over at the pair who are now engrossed in conversation with the other groomsmen, wondering if the two of them kept that little secret to themselves on purpose.
That initial act is a precursor for the rest of dinner, Tony clearly drawing a line in the sand from the beginning. He dominates most of the conversation, interrupts Steve’s sentences, and pretty much tunes out as soon as Peggy addresses Steve directly. He has to admit that the kid is an ace with social nuance, knowing exactly how to carefully lay out one quip after the other, the comments appearing as harmless teasing to Peggy while purposefully dealing blows to Steve’s esteem and patience.
For some reason, these thoughts are sticking. Steve lets his eyes open again and he sits up, feeling around the bed once more. These aren’t his sheets. They’re soft and silky and not at all properly tucked in. And this bed is much bigger than his queen, a copious amount of pillows up against the massive headboard. As his eyes adjust to the darkness, Steve quickly realizes this isn’t his room at all.
“Strike one!”
Steve stands up, grabbing a towel off the weight rack to sling around his neck. "I don't really care about money all that much, believe it or not."
“Not until you,” he answers honestly. He had plenty of guys back in the day tease him about being a homo or a fag just because he didn’t express his interest in women as outwardly as they did. It never really bothered him back then, but he also didn’t consider any kind of validity to their remarks.
Rogers as a son.”
feel that little phantom tug of longing. The echoing sounds of the stadium, the smell of the fresh chalk on grass and hot dogs and popcorn, the feeling of an old leather gloves or sawdust left on his palms from a new wooden bat— it would always feel nostalgic to him, even if that chapter of his book had ended.
Natasha clears her throat. “Now, back to the immediate future, I made some last minute adjustments to the roster, so everyone listen in case you’ve moved. Starting out, Quill and Odinson, you guys are swapped for left and center field— Zip it Quill, I’m not scared to bench you— Banner, you’re still right field. Strange, you’re pitching…”
He can’t stop the smile of satisfaction that spreads on his face when he sees Hammer’s expression crack, his teammates not even gracious enough to hold back their snickering.
Steve flashes a look of concern, leaning over to press the back of his hand against Tony’s forehead and cheeks. He’s sure they’re a bit clammy by now, sitting out in the early morning cold, salty mist and morning dew vapors clinging to his skin. “Are you sick? Did you hit your head? Who are you and what have you done to my Tony?”
“Alright, circle up!” Natasha calls out after blowing her whistle. The team all trudges over to where she’s standing in front of the dugout, sharing the mutual desire for a shower. Steve himself can’t wait to let the cold water wash away all the sweat and dirt he had gathered up during the practice, pretty sure he can still taste grass in the back of his molars from diving drills. “First announcement is that this season the MiLB is trying out something new. We’re going to have international friendlies for the first time this year. We’ll still be participating within the International League as normal, but about a third of our exhibition games are going to be against teams from the PCL.”
,” Peggy snaps, grasping Steve’s hand with her own. “Steve is as much family as I am— He’s listed as an emergency contact for Christ’s sake! You will let
Pierce, Pierce, Alexander Pierce
There’s five people ahead of him on the batting rotation. With how aggressive the IL is going to be playing their defense after getting no runs, Tony isn’t going to make it to plate on this round. He stands at the edge of the dugout even though he’s still breathing hard from all the exertion of the first half of the inning. He needs to watch. He needs to observe. The odds are going to be against him if there are any substitutes, which is likely going into the fourth inning. Tony’s counting on there not being too many changes, and he has to learn what he can while he has the time. He scans the field as each player comes to bat, checking for patterns, for weaknesses. Any chinks in the armor of this best-of-the-best lineup that the International League has to offer. Most of his attention is on the most crucial piece of the chessboard— the man who stands on the pitcher’s mound.
“Does anyone else know?” Steve asks quietly once they’re alone again.
“...I didn’t know she was going to lock you in here with me, to be fair.”
Steve nods wordlessly. The room is a clear culmination standing by this belief, a juxtaposition of shiny and new Stark baseball gear and well-worn relics from the best of the best from the history of America’s Favorite Pastime. After another scan of the room, Steve now notices that there is an alcove that is completely bare, free of any knickknacks. It’s in the direct center of the far wall, wider with much more shelf real estate than the others. “Reserving that one for someone special, sir?” Steve asks, nodding towards it.
"Don't do that to poor Karen," Steve chides, the two sharing a smile before he ducks into the computer lab.
“Sorry guys! Must’ve been some kind of power surge in the building!” Tony yells over all the commotion. They don’t need to know that he’s the one who rigged it.
, but what can he do? He has no idea where Tony could be, and no real confirmation that he even boarded his flight in the first place. He needs Tony to walk through that door so they can laugh about the numerous panicked voicemails Steve left when all Tony had done was get delayed with lost luggage or cab troubles or media swarms. He isn’t sure how much longer he can sit in his apartment, driving himself mad with worry.
He has no idea when they’ll have another opportunity to see each other like this again. Even with his face shrouded underneath a baseball cap, hood, and sunglasses, Tony openly gazes at him in the soft morning light. He really is gorgeous, and it’s quiet moments like these that Tony wonders what not-crappy thing he ever did in life to deserve someone so kind. So good.
“Yeah, so now
"Steve, you look like you're about to have a heart attack," Natasha laughs, throwing her head back.
He moves through the next day like molasses, Pepper staying the night and helping him get dressed the next morning. He puts on a nice suit, lets her clean him up and comb his hair, shave away any stubble to give him that innocent, boyish charm that everyone fawns over. She ushers him out to the car, keeping his face down and away from the reporters that have undeterredly returned after being shooed off by police the day before.
“As if I’d let him,” Natasha says off to the side, cracking open a bottle of beer on the edge of the counter. “That’s my job.”
He’s midway through a yawn as he answers the door, too tired to look through the peephole first. “Ty, this better have been worth waking me up— Steve?”
months
some sound logic to argue against. Steve is sure he’s probably had the same thoughts when thinking about the young Stark. “Okay… But even if he wanted to move on from the Irons, why not go to the MLB? Don’t try and tell me that he wouldn’t get drafted in a second if he were made available, ‘personality kinks’ aside.”
It’s only two days later when the story breaks. Back in D.C., after their last week and a half of travel, Tony wakes up to dozens of missed calls and pages, and a pounding on his front door.
Tony doesn’t reply, but he slides something down the table towards Steve. He looks over in confusion, seeing Tony’s compact cell phone sitting there. It’s got a sleeker design than any of the ones Steve sees advertised in the market, and it has to be because Tony built it himself.
Tony stares sourly at the scoreboard, kicking the dirt a bit around the base. “No point in wasting time and energy when you already know the outcome.”
Tony attempts to glide right past him towards the dugout, but Steve catches him by the back of his untucked jersey. “What the hell was that?” He snaps in annoyance.
him. I’m the Captain of the team, and I can’t even get through to
“Says the kid who just turned twenty-one two months ago,” Steve sighs in what sounds like disappointment. At this point, he knows any kind of reprimands about Tony’s underaged behavior will fall on deaf ears. That ship sailed long, long ago. “We’re not going there to party,” he reminds Tony as they haul his luggage into the elevator. “It’s the All-Star game.”
“Oh, so now you got a problem with the way I pitch?” Tony asks, raising his voice. Steve tries to calm him again, but his hand is shrugged off.
Steve reaches out and sets his hand on Maria’s knee. “Tony clearly cares about you a lot. I think he cares about you more than I’ve seen him care for anyone else. You’re a great mother, Maria.”
Janet gets their keys from the receptionist, holding out one of the small envelopes between Tony and Steve. “You two will be rooming together. Thor, you’re down the hall staying with T’Challa Ukatana. I believe it’s his first season playing in the Triple-A, so make him feel welcome, yeah?”
Rezzo grabs him by the top of his head, giving him a fatherly shake. “I knew you could do it, kid. Well done, well done, absolutely phenomenal. Alright guys, bunch up, bunch up.” He keeps an arm around Tony’s shoulders as they all gather in the dugout for the extended break between innings, some kind of raffle taking place to entertain the audience during it.
Tony whirls around after pressing the button for the lobby, his hand flying to cover his gaping mouth. “Wh-What? That’s what we’re doing? I-I had no idea!” He exclaims, dramatically gripping the railing inside the elevator as if he’ll collapse if he doesn’t hang tight. Steve swings one of his garment bags at him, smacking him in the face with it.
They glance back up at each other then, sharing in a laugh that soon turns into a fit of giggles. Their laughter eventually tapers off, echoing slightly around the tile and cement block chamber. Tony looks down at his bandaged hand, flexing his digits experimentally.
“Hey!”
"You did, but—"
"It doesn't matter if we see it or not. He’s already caused all these waves and has barely played two seasons. There’s a point where you can no longer use his age as an excuse for his arrogance. Tony Stark is disrespecting a huge portion of the people in this game, as well as the spectators. Fans, coaches, players, his own teammates— he is turning up his nose at the values these people hold all for what? To be a game changer?"
Tony’s eyes widen in anger. “Why the fuck do you think I pushed so hard in the
“What’s it about?”
didn’t want to play without
“Alright, Aria it is,” Tony grabs Steve’s hand and takes off across the street, ignoring his protests about walking the extra half block to a crosswalk. Law enforcement in Vegas had a lot more to worry about than a couple of jaywalkers on The Strip.
“And go against my old man’s dying wish?” Tony asks with a lop-sided grin. “Wasn’t really expecting that answer from you, Cap.”
Tony swallows. “Working on it. I’ve been sober for thirty-six days now. I know that’s not a lot but… It’s my longest streak yet.”
, Tony!” She finally bursts, getting to her feet. “I know you treat your entire career as some big joke, but this affects people’s livelihoods. I’ve held my tongue and let you make a mockery of this sport because it doesn’t mean a thing to you, but that’s ending now. You might have other options to fall back on, the family name, the company, your Masters’ and Doctorates and whatever other accolades you got from one of the most prestigious universities in the country, but that isn’t the case for 90% of the people here. Baseball is their
“So what happens when I say no?” Tony finally asks, breaking the tension.
Dr. Erskine told him to expect to play a few friendlies here and there up until April, when he’d most likely have to sit out for the rest of the season. These games, also known as exhibition games, had no weight on standings in the regular season, but were more like scrimmages to show off new players and ease teams into the season, letting them play some teams they normally wouldn’t get to as much in regular league play.
“Janet. Probably not Fury, but he doesn’t miss much.”
"I'm great, sir," Steve says, standing to meet the vigorous handshake he knew was coming. "Thank you for inviting me for dinner."
“Yeah… Guess not.”
, implying that all they ever do is fight. That may have been the foundation of their budding relationship with each other, but they’ve come a long way and built up a mutual respect. They don’t have petty little arguments over every insignificant thing anymore, each of them having something to prove to the other.
“Do you intend to follow through?” Steve glances up. “Or do you enjoy playing games with people’s emotions?”
Tony closes his eyes. Of course. He sighs loudly and gets to his feet, looking between Pierce and the managers. “Well, I apologize you guys came all this way as this probably could’ve been resolved with a phone call. I’m not for sale.” He heads for the door. “It was nice to meet you all.”
the nose bone crack beneath his knuckles, watching as his head snaps to the side from the impact. The fountain of blood that spurts from his face would rival the Aria’s. Everything happens too quickly then, Tony feeling arms lock around his middle from behind at the same time that another body collides into him in an attempt to tackle him to the ground. Hammer flies towards him, Tony feeling nails scrape across his cheek before more bodies are cutting into the fight.
Steve exits the shower hall with a towel wrapped around his waist. He isn’t expecting to see anyone, so it’s startling when he rounds the corner and finds Tony standing at his locker. He’s almost completely undressed, their eyes locking for a moment. Steve opens his mouth.
"Natasha drank him under the table," Victor comments with a smirk.
“What do you want me to say, Steve? That I love you?” He asks in exasperation, throwing his hands up. “Because I do, okay?
One corner of Tony’s mouth twitches and the younger of the two elbows him with no real force. He closes his eyes again, crossing his arms a little tighter over his chest as he settles back into the seat. He’s curled up in it, knees against his chest, and Steve is almost a little jealous of his small frame and how easy it looks for him to get comfortable. He never slept well while traveling, to large to fold himself up in the way Tony was able to. There’s clearly no conversation to be had tonight, so Steve closes his eyes and attempts to let his thoughts drift for the next forty-five minutes in an attempt to get at least an inch of rest.
Other players from both leagues are getting checked into their rooms or conversing in the lobby. Tony recognizes a large of number of them, exchanging a few waves with some of his old Pacific Coast acquaintances who didn’t totally hate his guts when he played against them. A scan of the room showed no signs of any Irons players yet, but since they were fairly close, they might not be getting in until later tonight or early tomorrow.
The room is quiet save for Tony’s breathing that is starting to become more shallow, picking up in speed.
for insider details, telling him everything he wanted to hear and doing everything he wanted to be done to him, Steve isn’t sure he would've been able to resist at Tony's age.
The inside of the truck is silent for a few minutes as Bucky pulls back onto the deserted highway. The dashboard clock reads almost one a.m. now, Tony letting the guilt settle over him. Steve probably is pretty worried by now, especially since Tony didn’t take any means of contact with him. Then again, Steve hadn’t even come after him in the first place, so how much does he really care?
does, but even when it’s just him and Bucky at their favorite bar, he finds himself recounting all of his Tony-centric complaints. The man deserves a medal for sitting through all of Steve’s ranting.
“So what now?” He sighs, running a thumb over the ends of Tony’s bandaged fingers.
, so stupid. Tony doesn’t need to sit in a big circle of sniffling adults who want to talk about their feelings to cope. It makes him uncomfortable, trying to be vulnerable in front of a bunch of strangers. He’s hardly even able to be that open and honest with his friends.
Her eyes fall down to his chest suddenly, brow knitting in scrutinization before her lips slowly curve into a smile, green eyes sparkling with mirth. “Really, Steve? A quickie at my wedding?”
Tony flips him the bird as he steps into the spinning doors and disappears into the hotel lobby. Steve is still smiling to himself about finally getting the last word in as he walks the last couple of blocks home.
Steve shakily makes his way to the home base, looking out at the field to try and figure out what's going on. Dugan is right. He can’t let this take him completely out of the game. Bucky wouldn’t want that for the team either. He had gotten that third out for the team, and Steve is going to do his best to make that out mean something.
He sinks down into his armchair and turns the TV on, flicking through the news channels for any kind of coverage. Maria and Howard’s faces appear on his screen, with the occasional photo of Tony making its way into the mix. They don’t have anymore information beyond what Natasha had told them currently, but Steve leaves it on for the rest of the night in hope of hearing some kind of update.
“Are you?” Tony asks, fingers curling into the edge of Steve’s collar. “You don’t… regret last night?”
He enters a spacious lofted area, squinting as he adjusts to the first room he’s been in where the light from outside is allowed to shine freely through the glass windows. Tony is hunched at his desk, scribbling things down on scattered papers while some kind of code seems to be running on his computer monitor. It’s reminiscent of the workshop Steve saw in the garage back at his family home in Malibu, but surprisingly more organized. There’s industrial shelving units along the walls housing all sorts of mechanical creations that don’t make sense to him, rolling carts full of tools and metal pieces placed around the room.
The previous inning was another high scoring round, their scores skyrocketing from Irons: 9 - Avengers: 6, to Irons: 10 - Avengers: 11, New York taking the lead once more. Even if Tony escapes this game without any kind of spinal or arm injury, he’s certainly going to be suffering from whiplash along with all the spectators.
,” Sam and Steve answer in unison.
“Innovative,” Steve snorts before lowers himself to the ground, grunting as he gets in a sitting position. No chairs either. “Come on. Eat.”
“Twenty-six, ma’am.”
“Not another word!” One of the refs roars, the same one who had rebuffed Tony’s complaints earlier. “I ain’t gonna tolerate anymore of this. Not another peep outta you,” he growls, pointing at Hammer. He then brings the angry finger around to jab it towards Steve and Tony. “And
Tony continues to stare silently out the window, mouth pressed in a tight line. “He… he didn’t make it sound like that,” he says quietly.
Steve stares down at his feet. “How long have you known?”
, he says.
“But I
"Thanks, Nat," Steve says, already hurrying back into the building. He isn't sure Tony will even talk to him, but it's worth a shot.
fan. Steve catches Peggy's eye as Howard continues rambling about the ins and outs of his baseball career. She has a knowing gaze as she listens to Howard, amusement playing on her lips.
Steve is already flying out the door as she speaks, practically jumping from one flight of stairs to the other without even bothering with the steps themselves, his knee crying out in protest. “Is he okay? What happened?”
“I don’t—” Tony starts to complain, but James is already making quick work of his stubborn laces. “...Thanks, Rhodey.”
Steve stares at Tony for a while and gives the lab a second look around. It was like a different planet in here. "I... I
“So… I think the only silver lining I have right now is that I’ll be under a female coach again with the Knights,” Tony brings up, nudging Natasha. “Although I know she’ll never be as great as you.”
“Where are you headed off to?” Tony asks, hesitating at the top of the steps.
“That sounds like something you tell your patients who are doing a shit job, Doc.”
They sit in silence for a while. Steve isn't sure what to say to a woman he hardly knows who's clearly been crying.
Acceptance is a virtue slow-learned, a lesson made very evident to them after their Kiss Heard ‘Round the World.
Surprisingly, Steve makes an excellent play and steals third while the next player is at bat, Tony glowing with pride when he realizes it was using a tactic he had taught him last year. Steve isn’t a huge fan of stealing bases, but Tony had been steadily warming him to the idea that it has its benefits when one is able to weigh the risk vs reward of it. And boy, do they need some reward right about now.
Numb, Steve backs out of the room, the bedroom door slamming behind him. He hears the crunch of the broken lock beneath his shoe as he exits, pulling the door shut behind him. He hears a dull crash come from the suite, either a lamp or a vase smashing against the floor.
his play style. On paper, it makes sense to push the outfielders forward, not expecting Tony to hit it all the way to the back right corner of the field. But he does, and it’s all thanks to Hammer and his shitty pitching.
“I’ll stand, thanks,” Steve retorts bitterly.
new...”
“He showed up at the stadium this morning,” Natasha explains evenly, clearly not put off by Steve’s huffing and puffing when it came to Tony at this point. “I was just as surprised as you. He came in insisting he could pitch today but I told him no, and that he could watch from the private box if he wanted to support the team. Leave it to him to want a more dramatic entrance than that. Now get on the field, you’re making everyone wait.”
Ty shrugs. “Meeting the entire team for the first time and all. I was nervous on my first day.”
As the team comes off the pitch, hooting and hollering in their victory, Steve manages to catch Bucky rubbing the inside of his elbow, his smile looking pained as he celebrates with the rest of the team. Steve makes his way over to him, catching him by the shoulder. "Is your elbow okay?"
More pieces fall into place, the sudden realization washing over him. He laughs, much to Ty’s confusion, having to press a hand against his ribs just in hopes of not busting one from his sudden fit. “Holy shit, those snakes are fucking
They were hounded by reporters from the moment they broke apart to weeks following. They laughed, holed up together in Steve’s apartment, watching all the news while they stayed hidden away. From the praise, to the slander, to the connecting of the dots, to the denial. It was hilarious in a way, but maybe Steve was just riding on the delirium of doing something so reckless and so impactful. He started to appreciate Tony’s penance for shock-value after he got his own dangerous taste.
She sets down a beer for Tony and a mug of coffee for Steve. “So what are you two cravin—”
Tony laughs bitterly. “Try telling them that. Try telling
His eyes have widened to the size of dinner plates, spluttering his denials. “How could you say something like that? I don’t hate you because you’re gay—”
Once Tony's skin is free of any oil stains and he no longer smells like the floor of an auto shop, he towel-dries his hair and quickly dresses himself. As he's tying his oxfords he hears Pepper honking the horn incessantly from outside. "I'm coming!" Tony yells as he takes the stairs two at a time, flying out the front door to hop into the back of the BMW.
“Tony!” he calls out in return, getting lost in the throng of people. There’s a sudden break in the crowd, Steve’s eyes finally landing on him.
This year, Tony kept things relatively simple as far as celebration went. No big party, no extravagant surprises or gifts. He took a few days off from work so he and Steve could spend the holiday weekend of the Fourth of July up in Albany. They were shut ins for the entire long weekend, not doing anything that remarkable or significant, which was the perfect birthday gift Steve could ask for. Tony cooked for them, they sat out on their patio in the backyard listening to music as Tony tinkered and Steve sketched. They watched their distant neighbors set off fireworks on the evening of his birthday, falling asleep together in the hammock until Steve roused sometime in the early hours of the morning and carried Tony back inside.
“...Tony? Oh, Tony! Honey, don’t touch that!” He hears a familiar voice from his right, blearily turning his head towards her.
He fumbles his keys between numb, gloved fingers as he returns home, coming to a stop when he looks down to see a gift-wrapped box sitting on his doorstep. There’s no return address anywhere on the package, or even his own address to indicate it was mailed at all. Someone had to have dropped it off personally. There’s a tag hanging off the ribbon wrapped around the box, simply addressed: Steve.
“You hear that, Tony?” Howard asks. “
Tony throws the door open, the suspicion on his face quickly turning into surprise. He blinks at Steve, even rubbing his eyes before he allows himself to accept the figure standing in front of him as reality. “Steve? What are you doing here?”
Tony waits until his second beer is done before he speaks. “I like women, I like their company, I like their bodies. I’ve had sex with women and while it was enjoyable at the time, it doesn’t quite interest me anymore.” He’s leaned forward now, voice low, hushed. His mission is no longer to make a scene, but keep a private conversation between the two of them. “I like sex with men and I’ve always been attracted to them—since as long as I can remember really. If that makes me gay, then I guess I’m gay.”
Natasha looks around at the team, clearly unsure if she should allow this. "Yes, fine," she spats, waving a hand. "Everyone give Stark some practice swings and then I want to see you hit that ball into the outfield."
,” Tony sneers.
“Is your knee okay?”
He then snaps his fingers at Tony. “Get back to it, you’re holding up the game.”
Natasha shrugs. “Maybe. It was kind of awkward at first, being there with a married couple, their kids, and then one of my players’ best friend’s who I’d only really heard of, but after spending more time with him… I don’t know, he really charmed me that day,” she smiles wistfully, her own gaze drawn back to where their significant others were huddled together, conspiring over god-knows-what. “Things didn’t really start to turn for us until that night you and Tony had that big fight though, remember? He drove off upstate like a lunatic and Bucky happened to find him that night to bring him home. Since he was already in the city he decided to surprise me and stop by at my place that night and… well, the rest is history,” she laughs.
They’re going to be able to go through the reconstructive surgery, using some ligaments from Bucky’s leg. A lot of the muscle tissue in Bucky’s elbow is still extremely damaged, and because of the extent of the injury, it’s still uncertain if he’ll ever be able to play baseball properly ever again. It will be at least two years of physical therapy to even regain basic motor functions.
rule in place as well, but that would be practically impossible considering the two people he’s working with. For a gay man and lesbian woman, Carol and Tony sure liked to flirt with each other more than anything else.
“Damn, Rogers, retirement treating you well?” Carol calls out to him with a grin, rubbing a hand over her chin. “This is new. How long have you been growing that out?”
Tony’s eyes narrow ever so slightly. “We’ve known each other since we were kids, Tibs. I can read you like a book. Why are you really here?”
“I know you were,” Steve sighs, expression softening as Tony relaxes in his arms and falls back into REM sleep. The stairwell is narrow, but he manages to carefully make his way down the metal steps without jostling Tony too much or taking a tumble himself. The smaller den area beneath the loft is a bit more cozy than the formal living room out by the main entrance. There’s a rectangular space lowered into the floor by a couple of steps, Steve gently setting Tony down in an armchair with pillows on it that at least look cozier than the angular leather couch in the other room.
Natasha dismisses them to the showers but calls Tony over to talk to him privately. Steve lingers in the locker room for a while longer, clearing out some things from his locker, shuffling around clothes in his duffel bag, really just killing time. He waits until most of the team finishes up and leaves before he grabs a towel and heads to the showers, glancing over his shoulder to see that Natasha is still chatting with Tony, seemingly amiable in their discussion.
"Let’s hear it," Tony spears another mini sausage on the end of his fork. "Fancy car, flat screen TV, penthouse in Beverly Hills, fancy vacation to Santorini, the world is yours."
Impulsively, he reaches out to pull her into a hug. He expects her to humor him for a moment before playfully shoving him off like Natasha would, but she actually returns it, rubbing his back.
He hugs Bruce tightly, gets smashed in between a Thor and Quill sandwich, and Rhodey comes limping out of the dugout, Tony lifting him up and spinning him around before they both go tumbling to the ground. Even Strange grabs him by the shoulders and tells him what an amazing job he’s done. He gets jostled around between his teammates until everyone’s attention goes to lifting Natasha up in the air, the woman grinning past the tears rolling down her cheeks. While her players have all been fighting for a win, she’s been fighting just to prove herself as a female coach. She’s earned that today, fist raised up victoriously in the air as she’s lifted to her rightful place above their heads. They wouldn’t be here without her.
Maria’s smiling tightly, still looking at Steve. “Howie, Darling, can we please drop this already? You haven’t even asked your son how he likes his new team yet.”
Tony sourly pushes Steve's hand off before turning and walking out of the gym. Steve shakes his head with a smile before returning to his workout. It had been fun to watch Tony squirm about the fact that his parents put him up to inviting Steve over, but then he starts to really sweat, and not because of the amount of reps he had been doing.
"Of course, I've been watching you since the rookies," Howard laughs, a booming sound even in the loud bar. "I've been trying to meet you for
"Wasn't
“Shut up, Jim. How about you lay off the whiskey and save some for after the ceremony?”
One corner of Tony’s mouth tilts up in an odd little smile. “Mm. Everybody does.”
Guilt consumes Steve on the entire bus ride home, because he’d done exactly that when Tony first started playing on his team.
“But it’s Christmas Eve,” Steve declares. “You can’t spend it drunk and alone in your apartment, Tony.”
By the time Saturday rolls around, Steve's nerves have ebbed only slightly. They tie their scrimmage in Bakersfield, not the most encouraging start to their first International friendly, but at least it doesn’t mean anything towards league play. Both teams had been unfamiliar with one another, but Steve supposes that’s the point.
The woman ignores Tony's comment and sets down the platter before reaching out to pull her son into a hug. To Steve's surprise, Tony hugs her back tightly, fiercely even, kissing her on both cheeks in greeting. "Mom, this is Steve Rogers. Rogers, the wonderful woman who birthed me."
“I don’t really gamble,” Steve says over all the noise, dutifully walking side-by-side with Tony.
"This is mine, but there's a guest room right down the hall," he jerks his thumb over to another door. When he opens his own bedroom door, Steve just barely gets a glimpse of a white room decorated with accents of burgundy and gold.
Tony collapses onto the hotel bed in exhaustion, happy that Hill and Coulson let him pay extra so that he gets his own suite. He’ll occasionally share a room with Ty, but that also usually means waking up at 5 a.m. to go for a jog before the game. They’ve been on a traveling streak for away games and Tony just doesn’t have it in him.
He can feel Steve staring at him. The man scoots closer. “Of course it has. We knew that going in. I know we haven’t been able to see each other as much recently, but—”
Tony helps get another out, and then the International team gets a home run, followed by their third out. Tony's itching to step up to bat, squinting through the sun to try and spot which position Steve is at. His blonde hair is free of any baseball cap, making him easy to pick out. First baseman. Not really a threat, especially if Tony's batting right-handed.
“Aw, so I was your first,” Tony gushes, climbing back into his lap. “No wonder you wanna lock me down so bad. You’re such a
Still feeling out of his element, he settles his hands neutrally on Tony’s waist, pulling him closer. He doesn’t want to appear incompetent in every aspect of this, despite Tony knowing it’s his first time with a man. It’s odd letting someone else take the reins on things for once. In Steve’s experience, he’s only ever been with women who were very
“Of course you do,” Janet insists, grabbing hold of his hands. “Before you say no, hear me out. You know that team better than anyone. No matter which players come and go, you know the
“Just wait,” Steve says, catching her by the elbow. “Give him a chance, maybe he’s just rusty.”
Holy ghost
"I mean did you drink anything from Christine?" Steve interrupts.
In the end, only one makes it through, Tony himself earning their third and final out on quick reaction time alone, and given to none other than Justin Hammer. Tony’s screwball came flying right back for his own face, Hammer mistakenly hitting it straight back to him. He barely has a second from the ball leaving his hand before he raises his glove up in front of his face, the ball connecting solidly with the leather. It takes him to the ground, Tony leaning back out of the way from the sudden impact and falling back onto the mound. He keeps the ball clutched tight in his glove, staring up at the sky in disbelief as he raises it up to show the refs and the rest of the world that they’ve won.
The rest of the kids appear to be a little older than Annie, the two arguing brothers standing at the top of the sledding hill with their hands on their hips. One of them, the taller of the two, squints harder as Annie approaches, realization dawning on his face. “Holy shit!”
Steve locks eyes with him, a flicker of recognition there before he dips his head and goes back to his position between second and third. Tony takes his own position back as well, eyes flitting over the next batter. Right-handed, a contact hitter willing to ground a ball to sacrifice his own play to further someone else’s. Easy.
“West 68th and Columbus.”
“Why does Tony do anything he does?” Howard sighs in resignation, staring down at the melting ice in his glass. He walks up next to Steve, placing a hand on his shoulder as he struggles to hold his gaze. Steve worries he might have to hold Howard upright before he goes careening into the billiards table. “Listen to me… Do not let him ruin you, Steve… Or the team. You have to understand that my son… he only does things to further his own agenda. I’m afraid he takes after me far too much in that regard,” he lets out a ridiculous laugh, the sound so grating and sudden it makes Steve flinch. Howard’s face grows shockingly serious then, his clouded over gaze appearing to clear somewhat. “He’s spiteful, Steve. He doesn’t care about the sport, or respect. Everything he does is in calculation. That worked for us— worked for the Irons. You need to keep him in check if you don’t want your Avengers to fall apart.”
Steve now turns to see the flat screen TV mounted in the corner of the room, currently muted and playing ESPN’s coverage of the All-Star Futures Game, this year hosted by the New York Yankees. They’re interviewing different players from the National and World teams, some on their own and some in small groups. The Futures Game was founded a few years ago, and garners a little more popularity each year. It’s a nice break from the height of the Major League Baseball season, the MLB teams taking turns to host Minor League ball players each year. It’s similar to the usual All-Star game where the opposing teams are made of a conglomerate of players, but instead of just pulling from the two leagues within the U.S., one team is made up of all United States based players, while the other is comprised of players from leagues all around the world. It was a fun showcase all the prospects from the minor league, both players they’re familiar with as well as those from other countries.
"Thank you," Steve replies with a blush. Over the past three years of playing underneath Peggy’s watchful eye, the two have grown close. They regularly get drinks and meals together or stay in the stadium long after practice has ended just to chat, to the point of teasing from almost everyone on the team. Bucky is probably the only one who doesn’t tease Steve about his relationship with their manager because he knows Steve better than that.
“Like hell,” Steve argues, the orthopedist not doing much to stand in his way despite the protocol he’s meant to follow. Everyone knows how close the two of them are. Steve is immediately at Bucky’s side, looking down at his left arm. It looks hyperextended, the skin swollen and already beginning to spot with bruises.
He doesn’t really know how to answer that question. He awkwardly shifts the box under his arm, looking down at it and then back at Tony. “I… I wanted to thank you for the gift.”
“What?” He asks flatly, turning to glare at Steve. “I don’t need your little post-game praises.”
“Who would I even play for?” Tony asks dismissively, but it’s not an outright shut out. “Other teams thought I was a flight risk then and I’m a flight risk now.”
Sam rolls his eyes with a grin. “Although the company
too hard on Tony even before he joined the team officially.”
Tony is asleep at the desk, head resting on his folded arms in front of him with his mouth hanging open slightly. All of the prepared defenses and explanations he had go out the window, some of the tenseness leaving his shoulders as he approaches. He shuts off the stereo and plucks the pencil from behind Tony’s ear to set it down on the desk. As gently as possible, he maneuvers Tony to lean back in his chair so he can get his arms behind his back and under his legs to scoop him up bridal style and carry him downstairs.
Hotel security eventually forces the crowd to dissipate, letting them exit quietly out a back door. Tony leads him towards what might be the oldest car on the lot.
"Wait, that's a camera?" It was so... small. How was that even possible? Where did the polaroid slide out?
about
“Yeah, I can walk home,” Steve shrugs. “And just pick up my car in the morning or something.”
“Just that you two have been involved for a few months now,” she shrugs. “Which means a lot considering Tony’s never had a real relationship or connection with anyone, let alone for longer than a week.”
He steps back onto the curb, eyes still shut as he hears the car door close. The sound of the engine starts up and slowly fades into the distance, leaving Tony alone again. He opens his eyes, takes a deep breath, and walks back to the hotel.
kick his ass as soon as we’re back in Manhattan,” Janet grumbles under her breath, checking her pager. “I can’t believe he just ran off like that—y’know what, actually, I can,” she sighs, pinching the bridge of her nose.
Steve catches the bag and slings it over his shoulder, following Bucky out of the room. "Absolutely."
Better call wise old Captain Rogers! He’s the only one who knows how to deal with such a
Tony glares for a moment, but Steve can see a hint of contemplation in the squint of his eyes before the kid turns away, retreating once again. “Yeah, well… Some of us refuse to follow the path other people pave for us.”
He watches Stand By Me that night on his newly repaired VCR, curled up on his ugly-but-comfortable brown monstrosity of a couch with his afghan that still vaguely smells of citrus shampoo.
“Hey, don’t judge a book by its cover,” Steve says as they walk to the doors together. “Give it a chance.”
Steve wishes he can say yes. “No, I should…
at all you remember, it would be helpful.”
nice that Tony feels like he can actually talk to Steve as opposed to just scream profanities at him, but Steve still has no idea what he’s prattling on about.
Steve wraps bandages around Tony’s fingers and palms, layering the gauze without pulling too tight. “Why?” He asks, trying not to come across as too defensive.
As Steve drives towards the stadium, he can’t help but think of what an impact Tony has made on the team he considers family. They were still skilled and dedicated players before the Stark Boy Wonder came along, but something had changed ever since he showed up, a blazing fury that quickly ignited the sparks that helped propel them to levels they had never reached in seasons prior.
He and Tony haven’t spoken much to the public about their relationship. They don’t hide when they go out to dates in the city. They hold hands on the street. They make their appreciation known to fans and interviewers who support them but don’t offer any insight beyond that. Steve isn’t sure how to take on the role of an activist, but he doesn’t mind paving the way with Tony, Carol, and so many other strong individuals at his side.
“Oh, believe me, to the general public you two are doing a great job,” Peggy comes back over to sit next to Steve. He finally tears his gaze away from Tony to meet her eyes, feeling somehow more embarrassed and vulnerable than when Pepper had called him out. Maybe it’s because he knows Peggy personally and they’ve been friends since even before he met Tony— her nephew on top of everything else.
Standing off to the side, looking out of place and a little older than Steve remembers, is Tony. It’s the version of Tony that Steve has well established as Not His but Everyone Else’s. Expression indifferent, cold, almost disdainful as he stands there staring back at him, one dark eyebrow ever so slightly raised, not in interest, but in a challenge. His honey-colored eyes aren’t shining with mischief and brilliance, his perfect lips turned into a frown rather than a smile. Everyone Else’s Tony was wearing a three-piece suit that fit him perfectly, Steve accustomed to viewing the Real Tony who wore oil-stained rock band tees, cuffed jeans, and beat up Chuck Taylors. He supposes that’s a childish view, a memory of the very early stages of their courtship being rekindled in his mind. Steve looks back at those being the fondest times, when they had each other and nothing else had been there to threaten their bond.
Two players remain, tossing the ball in the outfield of yellowing grass. Back and forth, alternating between high lobs and fast pitches. They move with perfect synchronization despite the differences in their appearance, size and stature holding no similarities.
Whitaker holds his arms out, walking away from Tony. “That’s the game, kid! If you don’t like it, then go home to Daddy!”
Steve sighs once they’re out of earshot. “You’ve gotta be more positive, Buck. He’s doing his best to help you. Give the man an inch, at least.”
Bucky laughs. “Come on, we do everything together. I don’t want to play ball without you, we made a pact remember? No matter what we’re doing or where we end up, we’ll be there together.” He bumps their hips together as they started the walk home. “’Til the end of the line?”
"Hey, I'm not saying I'm on his side with how he goes about it, but you can't discredit—" The TV suddenly goes black. Steve turns to see Bucky standing behind him with the remote.
“Ugh,” Tony eloquently replies before hanging the jacket back up and tossing the shirt Steve’s way. “Just change into that. No undershirt.”
Not again.
They’re met with knowing looks from specifically Pepper and Carol when they return, both of them doing their best to smooth out their suits and look as unruffled as possible. “Sure am parched. I’m gonna grab something to drink,” Tony clears his throat, running a hand through his obvious sex hair.
He awakens again, less groggy than before. The room around him seems to snap back into focus faster now, the blurry shapes quickly solidifying into doors, cabinets, windows, and people. His displeasure with his current predicament comes back a lot quicker as well, having to instinctively stop himself from removing the annoying sticky things on his chest— of which there were now two— or trying to move his body parts that were not quite ready for movement yet. His awareness is much sharper now, partly because the only light is a small lamp in the corner, the window just showing darkness and speckled city lights below. He’s not so overstimulated by the harsh, artificial light from the ceiling, able to take in his surroundings a lot easier now.
“There’s no such thing as a shit job in recovery, Barnes.”
of this. Somehow all the resentment and rivalry between them from the very moment they shared the same field was just… gone. Gone and replaced with something else.
The game is over, no need to play the second half of the inning as the scoreboard flashes 15-19 to solidify the Avengers’ victory. Even if Tony had the mind to get up right now, he would’ve immediately been knocked down again by his entire team piling on top of him. Over all the raucous cheers, the music playing, and the little pieces of red and white confetti raining down around them, Tony can hear the sounds of sobs from his team. Bruce and Thor help him to his feet and he looks around to see his teammates— his friends— embracing and crying out of pure joy. He remembers that a lot of these players never thought they’d see a Championship game again. For a handful of them, this has been their last season and they’ve ended it on a high. They all earn this triumph today, not just him. Tony can feel his own tears gathering, wiping furiously at the corners of his eyes to try and keep them at bay.
“Oh nothing,” she sing-songs, walking over to assembly-line dishes into her drying rack. He doesn’t have time to ask her to elaborate before she moves on to the next topic, perhaps for the better. “What about you? Any plans for Christmas?” She knows he doesn’t have much in the way of family or friends either. Well, he has
Tony pauses, wondering if he should just drop it and pretend he’s fallen asleep. “You decking Hammer like that was pretty badass,” he eventually blurts out.
Steve walks through the dining room and pokes his head into the door of the workspace. It looks like Tony ghosted through to move a few things around and drop a few new sketches on his desk before heading back downstate, but overall the room isn’t in disastrous shape. Steve drops the nuts and bolts into their respective containers, straightens up some things on his side of the studio before returning to the kitchen.
"Thank you, sir. I think I'll just see what Tony wants to do," Steve says politely, not missing the way Howard's expression darkens at the mention of his own son's name.
Arms tighten around his waist and he feels a wetness pool against his neck as Steve tucks his face there, letting Tony know that his words reached him after all.
It’s down to Tony vs Rhodey when Pepper slides into the empty seat next to Steve, pleasant smile on her face. He’s never really interacted with the woman personally before, but he knows what a huge role she plays in Tony’s life.
“What is Rogers doing?!” He hears Rezzo grumble angrily from a few feet behind him.
“Strike two!”
"Is there any other way?" Bucky asks with a huge grin, his eyes already a little glazed over.
Nonplussed by the predicament he had put himself in, Tony carefully eases himself off the bed as not to wake up his sleeping Captain, and tiptoes his way over to his own bed. He slips under the covers, yanking them up to his chin. He ignores the hot feeling of shame that runs through him for his carelessness and does his best to fall back asleep to get at least another hour of shut-eye. He’s not quite sure how successful he is, hanging in that sort of limbo state of semi-consciousness where it seems that within one blink it’s suddenly much brighter in the room, and Steve’s alarm is going off on the bedside table between them.
if people get a good look at his face. He figures at one point or another he’ll get stopped by some reporter, and he’d rather be captured proudly repping his partner than not, so he takes off the jacket and dons the striped jersey and matching hat.
On top of that, Tony’s alcoholism has gotten far worse. What he played off as a leftover social habit from his party boy days, and just a bit of liquor here and there to take the edge off quickly snowballed out of control. The stress of the Major League coupled with all of the vitriol from fans, peers, and the media left him with only one coping mechanism to fall back on. A month ago, Steve along with the rest of the world watched Tony vomit on the pitcher’s mound in the middle of the game, not even having time to get off the field before passing out. Steve’s own game schedule was too busy to warrant a trip to D.C., but Carol called to inform him this was the fifth time Tony had to get his stomach pumped in the past year.
“One might argue that they aren’t baseless at all since they’re coming from the people who know you best—”
thanks to
“Okay, now that I’ve got the diplomatic stuff out of the way,” she grasps Steve’s hands in hers. “Tell me
His clothes are completely soaked through by the time he makes it back to Tony’s building, pushing his way past the reporters. Security has come out now to try and wave them off, and they almost stop Steve from entering until one of them recognizes him and allows him through. Unfortunately, this isn’t until after the reporters caught on to exactly who he was, camera flashes going off as the herd of them call out his name.
Another laugh escapes Bucky's chest as he leans up against the weight rack. "I guess now that I'm retired I tend to have more free time on my hands to stay on top of the baseball news circulations," he jokes dryly, Steve flashing him a pained look. Silence hangs in the air for a moment before Bucky speaks up again. "Don't give me that pity look, at least
turns to him and gives him the nonverbal command, making eye contact and jerking his bearded chin towards the field. Tony passively accepts the pats from his teammates as she shoves past to exit the dugout, ignoring the favors of “Good luck, Stark”s that pour from their compliant mouths.
Steve decided to ignore all the sarcasm so he could dig a little deeper to try and get some sort of break through with his player. “You went to prep school? And here I thought you got enrolled in MIT the second you came out of the womb.”
A small part of him continued to hold back, though. The entire reason he had wanted to come out in the first place was because of Tony. Steve is a very private person; he has no reason to make his business known to the world. Who he loves or doesn’t love his private information he had only been willing to offer up in order to stand with Tony in solidarity. He was trying to
. Let’s just take a break already.”
Tony nods slowly as Steve affirms pretty much everything Bucky had helped him fill in the blanks on. He looks up at him, worry creasing his expression. “What will this mean for us?” He asks quietly, afraid to voice it out loud.
Steve curses under his breath when he isn’t quite fast enough to stop Reyes from sliding in a second before he gets the ball back to the catcher. Pittsburgh is now only one behind and has two outs with a player on second. Steve begins to feel the pressure, running the last play in his head over and over trying to figure out if there was any way he could’ve gotten Reyes or Hemming out. It isn’t time for regrets as another Serpent steps up to the plate.
“Ty?” He rubs his eyes again, the aching of his ribs as he shifts into a sitting position letting him know he’s not dreaming. “What are you doing here?”
Steve looks amused, his arms crossed as the next batter steps up. “Didn’t even try for second?”
The All-Star Games aren’t usually such high-point matches, but the 1991 showdown between the International and Pacific Coast Leagues will be one to remember for the rest of baseball history. There’s a short break for celebration and mourning for both teams, everyone shaking hands (Tony keeps his promise to himself and ignores Hammer during these exchanges) as they wait for the MVP awards to be announced.
The man doesn’t smile, steely gaze unwavering as he looks him over. “And you’re Tony…
“Can I get you anything to drink?” Tony asks, wandering back behind the bar. Steve can already see a couple of bottles of straight liquor on the floor by the couch, as well as an empty glass or two strewn across the coffee table back before Tony bothered with such a formality.
“See you next week. And good luck with the big game today, boys!” She calls after them.
“Gabe, how is it after all these years you still don’t know how to do your tie right?”
“He sure is, Peter.”
“Oh my god,” he groans, covering his face with his arm. “I’m not having this discussion. Please, call the doctor back to put me out of my misery now.”
“—Stark? Stark? Coulson, I don’t think he’s breathing—”
Tony locks up the guest house he uses as his lab, having completely gutted the building to be much better suited for his needs (especially since there had definitely been a few mostly contained explosions that have gone down since he bought the residency after graduating).
Steve stands, stretching his arms over his head. “What time’s surgery tomorrow?”
“Holy hell, I need a couch like that,” Tony grunts around a particularly good stretch, craning his head sideways to pop his neck. “Mine’s not anywhere near that comfy, it’s just shitty and leather and square.”
The stadium is eerily quiet this time of the year. Less players are taking advantage of the facilities, enjoying their break before Spring training starts back up again. There are some players that Steve knows won’t be back here at all, signings having already begun. Steve’s contract had been locked down last year for the foreseeable future in his baseball career. Some players may not want to be trapped on one team for too long, especially if they’re in high demand like Steve, but he held loyalty to the Stars. They had been his team since he was a boy and the thought of only staying on for a year or two then going elsewhere based on dollar signs alone didn’t appeal to him in the slightest. Brooklyn is his home, and this is his team.
Maria's expression saddens. "You didn't have to goad him on like that."
"Is it true?" Steve asks again, not caring what kind of phone call he interrupted. "About Bucky?"
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s quiet for a few moments as they walk, a sadness creeping in and hanging over the pair. “Maybe you’ll be okay in a couple seasons,” Steve eventually says, ignoring the quiet sigh he hears from beside him. “I’m serious. I mean, maybe you’ll recover before our contracts are even up and you won’t even have to worry about trying to get resigned.”
Tony is still fast asleep when he makes his way back into the den, grabbing a book off one of Tony’s bookshelves to absentmindedly flip through while he waits for the other man to wake up. It’s hard at first to pick something that isn’t either in a foreign language, or has to do with theoretical math and scientific theories, but he makes do with a book about the history of product design so there’s at least something interesting he can relate to.
“Hey, we’re both starting today, so at least you have that to look forward to,” Steve informs him, trying to be optimistic. “You’ll pitch circles around New Hampshire’s batting lineup.”
But they had only signed Bucky on for one season.
“Out two!”
"I'd have to disagree," Steve laughs. It's kind of satisfying to see Tony's ego knocked down a peg every now and then.
“Oh my god, for the millionth time channel eight, you dolt.”
don’t
” He sends his meal crashing to the floor next, uneaten food slopping onto the ground while the cheap plastic of the dinner plate remains in tact. “
Greene throws the first curveball. Tony doesn’t even flinch. It’s a ball. He can feel sweat dripping down his brow and readjusts his helmet as he readies himself for the next pitch. He almost, almost swings, but decides not to last minute. A second ball. This sets a new plan in motion.
A metal clang echoes from behind them and they all turn to look. Tony Stark walks towards them, eyes shrouded by orange-tinted spectacles. There is no mistaking that lopsided grin and casual strut onto the field even from a distance.
What surprises him is how well Steve does for himself. He wins the first hand, Tony staring at him in surprise as he accepts his winnings and the croupier deals out the cards for another game. “I thought you didn’t gamble.”
He hears the swoosh of the door opening and the metal clang as the large push handle rattles loosely when it swings shut. His head immediately snaps up, looking back over his shoulder at the entrance to the showers. “Tony,” he hisses, tapping the top of his head. His warning is ignored, Tony simply hollowing his cheeks and sliding him further into his mouth.
Apparently, the PCL pitcher knows how to keep his cool under pressure. An uproar of disappointment rises up from the stadium as Thor swings the bat but makes no contact. Undeterred, the stomping slowly starts up again, no rhythm to it as soles of shoes slap against the concrete floors.
He runs a hand awkwardly through his hair, eyes darting over to see Steve awkwardly staring at a fixed point near the woman’s feet, the back of his neck bright red. “Uh, same, I guess. I mean— not fishing— I don’t know how to fish. Just… a little vacation. My family owns a house in Truro.”
Tony has to watch with restless despair as the game slips further and further into dangerous territory for the International team. The innings tick on, the IL continuing to sit at only two runs scored while the PCL steadily gains on them. Bender is doing the best he can, but the Pacifics continue to rack up points while his own team comes to a standstill. As the home team’s score climbs higher and higher, Tony quickly changes tactics from offhandedly suggesting to outright begging Rezzo to put him in.
Peggy’s smile returns. "No, not yet. You two are good, of course, but you're still in your probationary one year contract. The Stars don't even have to call you up to play for the next season if we choose not to..." she trails off then reads the nervous expression on Steve's face. "We will," she reassures him. "Don't worry about that. We definitely want to keep both of you." She pats him on the arm. "I better head back inside. I thought I'd get in your head a little since it seems like for now you're a staple of the team."
Steve instinctively wants to ask him how he’s feeling, if he’s been doing okay, but he knows that Tony’s probably heard enough of that lately. Tony hadn’t gone home after the game, he had left the stadium and plonked himself right onto the hood of Steve’s car to patiently wait for him, just like he had so many times in the past after a game.
he says.
Steve runs a hand through his hair self-consciously as Tony holds the camera up to his eye, aiming it at him. He feels too awkward to flash a full-toothed smile, but hopefully his expression settles on something that doesn’t look quite like a grimace as the flash goes off.
Bucky is apparently in a good enough headspace to navigate them away from the crowds and out of the stadium, security stopping anyone from following them out to one of the fenced off exits.
"Because that's what Chester wanted," Peggy answers simply. "What's the issue here, Steve? You feel
about it.” He feels childish saying it, but all his anger and frustration since their break up is seeping out of every pore. “You could’ve been killed that night, Tony. We’re lucky you weren’t. When I saw you laying there—” his voice cracks, betraying him. He closes his eyes, refusing to cry right now. He’s cried enough over Tony. “I spent those weeks in the hospital with you, so grateful that I hadn’t lost you, and then you immediately cut me off. Tell me how that was meant to help me?”
Her fierce insistence on protecting Tony’s well-being now makes a lot more sense. “Does anyone else know?”
The pitcher sits up, a juvenile spark in his eye as he bounces on the bed slightly, giving Steve a little shove. “Come on, they finally cleared people to start leaving their homes and the streets are getting cleaned up today. We should go out and take advantage while we still can.” He’s already climbing off the bed and going over to his closet, pulling clothes out of dressers to begin layering up. “Besides, I figure this is our last day together, so we should do something fun before you go home.”
“Tony?” He hears sleepily from the living room. He spins around to see Steve curled under a couple of layers of blankets on the couch, slowly pushing himself into a sitting position. He rubs at his eyes and squints against the light, Tony struggling to keep his ashamed gaze off the floor. “Tony,” Steve repeats in relief, immediately clambering off the couch and swiftly walking closer.
By the end of the vows, everyone in the room is a little misty-eyed. Even Steve, who doesn’t consider himself the most empathetic person in the world is having difficulty holding back his tears with the boys all sniffling behind him. Natasha may be the only one not even close to shedding a tear, poking fun at the fact that Bucky hasn’t been able to stop the quiet and steady flow of tears since the moment he saw her.
"I'm not afraid to call security, Rogers," Tony barks, and it stings. He hasn't referred to Steve by his last name in so long. They were making progress and with one little misunderstanding and Steve caring a little too much, all that is down the drain.
They haven’t really talked since the deal went through. The last time Tony met with Janet and Fury to finalize the contracts, Natasha hadn’t come to the meeting. Tonight is the first time he’s even seen her for longer than a passing moment at the Stadium since their last game.
When he turns to go he notices a new addition to the wall by the door: a framed, group photo of all of them after the Championship win last year. Natasha stands proudly in the center of the photo, with the rest of the team piled in around her. He smiles at the memory, running his hand over the glass before exiting.
The team is still absolutely silent, no one quite ready to break it, but also not knowing how to continue operating under it. Some soft murmuring starts up as the players gather their things and get ready to go home. Steve stays rooted to one spot, staring at the wall.
Steve nods shakily, letting his captain lead him back over to the sidelines, switching his mitt out for batting gloves. He can’t get the image out of his head of Bucky falling to the ground—the sound of that sickening
“Sadly, bland hospital food is all I have for you,” She places a tray on the attached table of his bed, Tony staring down at the diagonally cut white bread sandwich, apple sauce, and pudding.
They need one more out before it's back to the top of Brooklyn’s batting lineup, and Steve knows they’ll be able to get at least a couple of runs in if he can just get up to the plate. The next batter steps up, his stance locked and determined. Steve watches as Jack contemplates what kind of pitch to throw him, silently communicating with the catcher before pitching him a changeup.
Steve still looks suspicious that he’s been body-snatched by something in the night. “I think Ty is rubbing off on you.”
Before he can stop himself, his feet carry him forward to meet Steve halfway. He falls into the warm comfort of Steve’s embrace, his body solid and reaffirming. “I’m sorry,” he immediately mumbles into Steve’s chest, fingers curling against his back. “I’m sorry…”
Steve can see where he’s coming from. It’s not exactly like he loves the fact that the lady who lives above him tap dances as a hobby, or that the couple of guys across the hall are amateur DJs who throw parties every weekend, but that’s half the fun of living in a place like Manhattan. Everything had character. Steve can’t imagine going home to the same generic space that he isn’t able to make his own every day. “Maybe you just feel that way because as long as you don’t let yourself get comfortable here, you’ll have less reason to stay.”
to get yourself wrapped up in these scandals on purpose!”
“Sorry, Peter Parker, not Quill,” Steve corrects, looking over his shoulder with an amused smile. “I think he’s still pacing around in the lobby trying to gather the courage to come meet you.”
Tony flashes him a confused look, but there’s still a small smile on his face. “Steve, I’m pretty sure things got
Chen is a blur as he breaks for home, dirt kicked up behind him as he races against the ball fired from the shortstop’s hand. It’s close, impossibly close, but from where the team is standing, it’s clear that Chen makes it a nanosecond before the catcher receives the ball.
There’s no sound of the shower going down the hall from Steve returning from his morning run. The old house is quiet save for the slight creaking of wood as Tony grips the railing and makes his way down the mahogany stairs of doom, missing the very horizontal layout of his old apartment more and more every day. Checking the oversized clock on the wall in his living room, he’s got maybe five minutes before the tornado comes blowing through his home.
Rezzo returns to them, giving Tony the thumbs up. “You’re in, kid. Do
Steve is evidently full of surprises tonight, flipping them over and rolling Tony onto his stomach. He grabs him by the hips, hiking them up until he’s on his knees and elbows, leaning over his body to kiss his way down his spine until—
“Believe me, I’ve tried,” Steve pokes his head out, of the room, looking back down the hallway. “He came here alone today instead of with the rest of the guys, which is progress. He can’t hide behind the max visitor rule,” he chuckles in amusement. “Must’ve lost his nerve after getting the coffee.”
He can tell the IV in his arm is pumping him full of some kind of numbing drug, the anesthetics present but wearing off. He looks down at himself to examine his condition. There’s a bit of soreness around his body, but the medicine prevents his brain to process which points exactly the pain is coming from. The annoying oxygen mask is no longer covering his face, and he takes a few deep breaths to test the waters. His ribs definitely ache with each inhale but he doesn’t feel either of his lungs bursting from the effort, so that at least is a good sign. His left hand is in a firm brace that makes it impossible to do much beyond wiggle his very fingertips, the binding going all the way up to his elbow. His useable hand is bandaged enough to keep him from using his joints to their full mobility, but he’s able to at least feel around with it. Gingerly, he presses around his chest, wincing when he feels what are definitely a few broken ribs. He touches his face next, feeling a bit of retreating swelling along one eyebrow, a busted lip, and a bandage into his hairline over his left ear.
Steve turns off the radio, preferring the rest of his drive be in silence.
It’s not until he feels the car slow and recognizes the peak of a church steeple that Tony leans forward, narrowing his gaze. Steve pulls off to the side of the road, parking along the sidewalk in front of an wrought iron gate.
Because they’re based in such a politically charged area, naturally, home fans and Tony’s own neighborhood all have
“Piggyback, actually,” Steve corrects. “That would’ve been sometime after you had Lana shower you in an entire bottle of champagne, but before you threw up in a potted plant in the lobby,” he’s barely fighting a smirk.
Tony manages to hold out for a few seconds longer, rolling his hips and tightening his muscles at the perfect angle as he shudders in Steve’s arms. “Oh,
The time that passes over the next day is a blur. Tony recovers in the privacy of his home, all the reporters eventually shooed away by law enforcement. Coulson and Hill make themselves at home, Pepper showing up later that evening. He lets her hold him for god knows how long, curling up on the couch like a lost child with his head in her lap, letting her fingers card gently through his hair. He tunes out the discussion of what comes next around him, hearing words like “press conference” and “damage control” thrown around.
The most daring thing he’s managed so far is inviting Tony into the shower with him after a morning workout where he sidles up behind him, and reaches around to pull him off. Each experience has been steamier than the last, this one both figuratively
pushes inside of him. He’s missed the feeling of the man inside of him, realizing he was just as needy for this as Tony.
Tony watches the exchange in interest, narrowing his eyes slightly at Steve, unsure of exactly what he’s trying to accomplish here. If it’s a pissing contest, he sure as hell isn’t getting in the way. Obadiah levels a gaze at him and nods. “Perhaps. Have a good practice, gentleman.” He winks conspiratorially at Tony before walking away.
me,” Tony sniffs.
“I’ll take that as your forfeit,” she says smugly before dropping the last couple cards in her hand as well before she pushes herself onto her feet. “Water anyone?”
Tony gets some of his bearings back when Steve shows discomfort, grinning wolfishly at him. “It wasn’t
The vein that pops out on his forehead reminds him of Obie. It reminds him of a lot of people, actually. Maybe there’s a common denominator here. “I didn’t put you where you asked just so you could piss around. I got bigger things to worry about than keeping an eye on you to make sure you’re not screwin’ about on the field. You’re out. I’m pulling you from the rotation.”
Steve shakes his head, refusing to let Tony's heckling get to him. He’s an expert when it comes to blocking out the negative calls he hears day in and day out during a game, and Tony is no different than the bullies in the stands. He’s going to fake Tony out with his swing, change his stance and his follow through completely. After his demonstration swing, he looks back at Natasha who is smirking, knowing exactly what he’s done.
"Shit!" he hears Tony exclaim, the kid popping up from behind a rolling cart. His eyes, thankfully protected by safety goggles, immediately narrow when he sees Steve. He grabs a tiny remote and hits a button, the music shutting off. "What are you doing here? Howard's creepy baseball chapel scare you off?" Tony's hands are littered with new little scars and burn marks as he wipes them off on his jeans and maneuvers his way easily through the garage.
Tony’s eyes quirk upward, impressed as the man darts off to pass the orders along to Lana. “Keep those Old Fashioneds coming too!” He calls after the manager, the man giving a thumbs up in acknowledgement. “Alright, let’s get started then,” he cracks his knuckles before walking up to the kiosk on the wall to trade in their cash for chips.
“What?”
He and Steve go for a walk around the neighborhood, dressed unassumingly, both wearing hats and sunglasses to best keep their identities hidden. No one seems to recognize them, though there are plenty of people bustling around. It’s near a university, their realtor telling them it’s mostly grad students in the area, meaning they’re more or less Tony’s age. The area is lush with restaurants and bars, museums and theaters, and it’s not too far from the stadium. On paper, it’s about as close to perfect as it can possibly be.
“Are you insane?” Steve snaps at him. “Look at your hands, Tony—
Tony doesn’t feel confident in that. ‘
“I don’t know how you’ve gone almost forty years without that realization, but it’s not really news to the rest of us that life isn’t
“I’m looking, I’m looking! I can’t find it—”
"What?" Steve laughs, walking over to peek at the huge control panel on the station.
Tony grins and leans down to kiss him on the cheek. “Thanks, hon.” He bustles off to the bathroom, Steve setting all their food out the best he can on top of the box.
“Oh, be gentle with him, Nat!” Clint cackles at Tony’s exaggerated choking sounds. “Stark, blink twice if you need me to come rescue you.”
Hammer pitches exactly as expected, breakaways and changeups rather than any kind of fastball pitch that he doesn’t have the skill or confidence for. Waynes plays smart and earns himself a double, but gets tagged out after Nancy hits a ground ball right within the shortstop’s reach.
And even though
Tony raises his eyebrow as he slips his glove onto his hand. "Seriously?"
Steve pats him on the back. "Yeah, I'll see you tomorrow. Jessica doesn't live with her brother does she?"
“Everything makes you horny,” Steve huffs in amusement, bracing himself against the wall. He finally gets a good look at the dark room— closet is a better word for it. It looks like some kind of storage room, some cabinets in the corner along with a large metal rack full of cleaning supplies against one wall. “You know there’s plenty of rooms with beds right?”
"Get the
"Yeah,
After his next pitch, he immediately understands Killian’s decision. Once Hammer has gotten the chance to advance to second, he begins to heckle Tony from behind.
Tony looks surprised. "Yeah, you know it?"
A naked man covering himself up with Tony's hotel bed sheets is not in the realm of possibility that even he could've come up with. Steve recognizes him as a part of the hotel staff, either a caterer or bellhop he had seen in passing. His uniform and Tony's clothes are strewn about the room, condoms and a small bottle of something sitting on the bed.
“We don’t have any subs left,” Steve says in way of an answer.
Her face screws up in annoyance and she shakes his hand off her arm. “Fine.” Tony finishes pitching to the next batter who ends up getting a single. Natasha signals to the ref for a timeout, the whistle blowing. “Sixty seconds, Rogers,” she grumbles.
“Nah, I just looked all around he’s not there, but his car’s still here so I know he’s around,” Clint scans the showers again, now giving Steve an odd look. Despite the shower stalls having about a foot tall gap from the bottom of the floor, Steve knows they’re at a good enough angle that there’s no way Clint would be able to see Tony on his knees in front of Steve from his viewpoint. “You okay, man? You’ve been in here a while.”
There’s either no surprise there, or Steve has somehow learned very quickly how to effectively mask his emotions since last week. “The Washington D.C. Knights.”
’, he’d request gently, tugging on the door handle which is locked. Tony would stubbornly stare back until eventually shutting the car off and unlocking the door, making no movement to get out, which forces Steve to open the door himself and bend down to scoop him up bridal style and carry him back inside. They’ll laugh about it and forget the argument ever happened after a few hushed apologies and stolen kisses. Steve reminds him to brush his teeth before bed, the two of them bumping hips and fighting over the sink’s real estate, flicking water at each other off their brushes before Steve eventually concedes. Tony has to wipe the splattered residue of watered down toothpaste off the mirror because he hates the mess. He retreats to the bedroom and has to nudge Steve over onto his own side, as the past few nights have been spent at Tony’s apartment in a much larger bed, and Steve is still adjusting to sharing his own with another person.
Splitter.
of the team. You’re good at leading people, at making decisions. You’ve got a natural talent of knowing how to be exactly what people want and what they need. You’re the most competent person for the job, even if you don’t realize it yet. And if you wanted, I can stay on for the first year with you just to show you the ropes and be there to help. Honestly, I don’t think you’d even need it, but if having a little extra insurance will make you say yes…”
“Call him that one more time! I’ll shut you up myself!”
“Impressive, huh?” Howard finally speaks, grinning himself as he looks around the room. He points at a plaque hanging behind them, above the entrance doors. “
to win this.”
fan."
Steve chokes on his beer at the innocent enough question with a far-from-innocent answer. He does his best to recover, coughing into his hand as Rhodey’s curious look becomes even moreso. “Uh… You know… Just got him talking about himself.” He hopes his blush doesn’t give him away.
“There,” Tony grabs a hand towel to wipe off the remainder of the substance. He walks back over to Steve and reaches up to undo two more buttons. He then grabs the cuffs of the shirt and unbuttons those as well, rolling them up to expose Steve’s toned forearms. He follows the natural line of Steve’s body, grabbing him by the belt next.
Knowing she’s right, he grabs his clipboard and holds the door to his office open for her. “After you, then.”
It’s strictly professional anyway. Not that Steve isn’t attracted to Peggy romantically; No one in their right mind wouldn’t have fallen for the woman after spending enough time with her. She’s everything a man can hope for. Not only was she beautiful on the outside, but the woman emanated strength. She’s the most capable and caring woman Steve has known in his adult life, reminding him of his own mother in a way: hard when she needed to be (which was often), yet does everything with her entire heart. Maybe in another world there could be something more between them, but any torch Steve might’ve held for the woman was distinguished rather quickly upon realizing they were both far too busy for a relationship.
It arrives within ten minutes, a baby-faced bellhop wheeling the cart of breakfast food and freshly brewed coffee into the room and nervously accepting Tony’s very gracious tip. As he settles onto a stool by the breakfast bar in the kitchen, the bathroom door opens and Steve emerges with a towel wrapped around his waist. Tony has a brief moment of eye contact before Steve disappears behind the wall that separates the bedroom from the rest of the suite.
I’d have to stay local because there’s no way I’d leave you again and no way I’d make you uproot your life.”
with the team that I was happy with, because it was good for my career. So much for that, right?” he laughs bitterly, shaking his head. “Now I don’t even have that to hang on to, but I don’t have any fucking choice. And as if worrying about my baseball life wasn’t enough, now we know I have to fear for my
“What?”
They clean themselves up in a bit of a daze, both of them needing some recovery time after such an intense session. They fumble their way through the darkness to leave no trace of their little romp, Tony helping Steve redress and make sure nothing is on inside out. Tony does up both their ties himself no problem, pressing a quick kiss to Steve’s lips before he cracks the door open and pokes his head out to make sure the coast is clear for them to sneak back to the reception.
Steve emerges from their room in track pants with a t-shirt slung over one shoulder. “The movie. Did you like it?”
He isn’t caught reminiscing for the rest of their warm ups, using his break time to joke around with Bucky or Jack. Dugan alternates between talking off to the side with Hodges and sitting in the dugout, chatting with whichever players are on break, gauging his team’s emotional levels going into the game. The six hours fly by and before he knows it, they’re lined up in the tunnel post-Peggy Carter Pep Talk, Steve fifth from the front. He’s set to start as a third baseman, with the possibility of subbing in as a shortstop during the latter innings depending on his alternate’s performance more than his own. Bucky is slated in center field, a position where he’s really prone to shine, a real knockout player when it comes to getting balls back into the infield.
“Yes. I’ve never been more sure of anything in my life. Trust me, okay?”
Tony drops the phone away from his ear, sloshing around the last bit of honey-colored drink left in the bottle. '
Tony rolls his eyes at the teasing, grabbing his own glove off his shelf before kicking the door shut. “See you out there, Captain.”
“I’m Irish, and I’m pretty sure that’s not
“Damn kid is going to be the death of me,” she huffs, shaking her head. “You know what, it’s not my job to deal with this. Van Dyne, this one’s all you,” she points at Janet before stomping onto the bus. “I’ll kick his ass come practice time!” she shouts out an open window.
“I can’t just sit by and watch everyone turn against you,” he states with finality, jaw clenching. “I don’t care if it ruins my career.”
He smiles and catches up to them, wrapping an arm around Bucky’s shoulders as they walk to their side of the doorway and wait.
“Rogers, I swear to the sweet lord above if you don’t get back into position, I will
Steve looks down at the two pictures in his lap, eyes lingering on the shot of Tony looking so comfortable and natural, this crude, attractive, integral little part of Steve’s life that he couldn’t imagine not having at this point.
Ah yes, the very strict rules that every player for the Knights is supposed to adhere to. Coach Danvers runs a tight ship, that’s for certain. He’s already been given the entire spiel about appropriate behavior, dangerous activities that could risk injury outside of the field, drinking and smoking, diet, and all things he had to sign a fucking
Steve leaves his side only briefly during his stay, and only when the max visitor rule applies, stepping out of the room so Tony’s other friends have time to visit with him. After a week of him cramming his frame into the uncomfortable armchair night after night, Tony finally convinces him that he’s not going anywhere and that Steve needs a good night’s rest too.
"Shut the hell up," Bucky responds with a laugh, taking a long drink from his glass.
Steve scoffs, wrenching the door open. “I wasn’t planning on it.”
award.
Tony grabs a little bit of leftover pomade clinging to the lid of his jar and walks over to Steve. He holds his hands up in the air expectantly, motioning for Steve to lower his head. Steve narrows his eyes suspiciously. “Unlike you, I don’t want to look like I
Steve expects another fatalistic and dismissive comment, but Bucky flashes a confused look instead. “What are you talking about?”
this right now, aren’t you? You came here to fucking
“I was going to go for biochemistry and engineering, but then things sort of took off with my pitching,” he admits, rubbing the back of his neck.
Just as he’s starting to fall off the precipice, he feels a weight settle against his shoulder. Steve blinks his eyes open, peering down at the top of Tony’s head. His hood had slipped down, soft brown locks sticking up and tickling the edge of Steve’s jaw when he tries to get a good look at him. Steve watches the slow rise and fall of his chest, his once crossed arms now pooled lazily in his lap. There’s no need to push Tony’s head off him and disrupt his sleep, so Steve lets his eyes droop shut once more, the scent of Tony’s shampoo filling his nostrils as he finally falls asleep.
Steve figures that’s his cue to return to his side of the ensemble, and sure enough as he walks down the hallway towards the Groomsmen’s room, they’re all filing out of it and heading towards the greenhouse. Bucky grins at him and jerks his chin.
Both Steve and Bucky come to the edge of the field for the short, mid-inning break. The Mockingbirds had only gotten one more run in before getting their third out thanks to the pair. “Good playing, boys, let’s keep that up because I don’t wanna pull you just yet,” Hodge tells them, handing them both water bottles. “Barnes, how’s the arm? Saw you flinching out there, I ain’t afraid to take you off, but you tell me now if you can make it through the game.”
“Maybe,” Steve hopes his blush just appears to be leftover from the weather’s impact.
“No, I
The snow is still coming down in huge flakes, an abrupt gust of wind picking them up and blowing them directly into Steve’s face every now and again as he jogs down the street. Most of the sidewalks have been recently maintained, but he still has to be careful to dodge any icy patches. The roads are an absolute mess, traffic lower than Steve usually sees it as he runs the few blocks to Tony’s apartment, knowing he can get their faster on foot than a cab can make it in the inclement weather. He realizes halfway through the trek what a stupid idea this is, the biting cold tugging at his clothes and snow coming down impossibly hard. There’s supposed to be a blizzard that hits overnight, the promise of additional feet of snow already making itself known as it piles down around Steve.
“Yes,” Natasha begrudges, looking like she’s going to snap her clipboard in half. “I knew he wasn’t ready to go back in yet. I don’t think he’s going to last more than an inning. I have to sub Strange in.”
The button mashing and flashing electronic lights eventually lose their luster for most of the group, everyone ending up on the bowling alley end of the building with pizza and beer consumed to varying levels. They’re down to the “semi-finals” of the little tournament put together, the top four consisting of Tony, Rhodey, Natasha, and Scott. Anyone left playing matches a few lanes down just for fun have given up on that to come see the final showdowns, everyone taking sides and cheering on their favorites to win and heckling those they don’t like. Quill beans Tony in the back of the head with a well-aimed French fry after he gets yet another strike against Scott, the two immediately locked in a high-speed chase around the building before they’re scolded by staff.
! I mean, retiring at
Howard sits at the head of the table, with Maria on his left side. Tony has chosen the place setting as far away from Howard as possible, leaving Steve to sit in between the two. He takes a seat as their server first fills their glasses with water, then pours wine for everyone except Howard, who is given the entire bottle of brandy and a snifter. Steve also doesn’t miss when Tony signals for the man to tip the wine bottle a little more until his wine glass is significantly full. Neither Maria nor Howard make a comment.
“Have you been holding up okay?” Steve finally asks, brow drawn down with concern.
"I've been pushing him in that direction for years, Peg. He'd more likely try to overthrow me as CEO before he'd strap on his cleats again."
. Tony’s impatience has risen to a feverish degree when Rezzo finally,
“Stay,” Bucky says, reaching out to grab Steve by the hand. “Anything you have to tell me, he can know too.” He flashes Steve a quick smile, and everything starts to feel almost okay again.
“Parker. Peter Parker. Good kid, grew up in Queens,” Steve pauses. “He’s actually a huge fan of yours.”
Natasha’s mouth is set in a tight line. “Steve, are you really good?”
“Let’s go play outside,” Tony says simply on the morning of New Year’s Eve. They’re laying in bed next to each other. His head is pillowed on Steve’s bare chest, hand drawing absent minded circles across his stomach.
"Okay," Bruce says, and lets it go. Steve knew there was a reason he liked the guy.
“Mmhm,” Tony hums, unconvinced.
Steve straightens up curiously, wondering if she’s going to elaborate on exactly why she’s forgoing the usual spiel of berating their less-than-perfect performances.
Tony doesn’t hesitate with his answer. "I think there's just a lot of old fogeys out there who are
The biggest obstacle is navigating their relationship. Tony established early on that he and Steve should try to be friends, a step they somewhat skipped over in the initial whirlwind of their relationship. They had been
“Who’s got your vote?” Steve asks, gesturing with beer in hand to the final two.
Carol is the type of woman to not hide how she truly feels about much of anything. She’s gone to such great lengths to make sure Tony feels safe since his coming out that it would be hard to imagine she was only doing it out of professional courtesy to her player. Pierce certainly hasn’t hidden his opinion on the matter.
He does his best to forget about the meeting. He’s going to turn them down anyway, but he at least owes it to his own ego to make Janet sweat it out for another few days before he let’s the axe fall, call her on her bluff that she would even consider not processing his next single-season contract.
Hammer’s slider is sloppy at best, but Tony realizes Steve probably could’ve swung for it and at least gotten a double, but he’s glad the man holds off, maintaining his credence in Tony’s advice.
still applies to you, Captain,” Natasha sings, but still turns to give him her attention, expression indifferent. “It’s not like you to get all upset over not starting.”
"Hey," he says, after they have been staring at each other for at least twenty seconds
“Everybody likes mimosas, pour me a glass would’ya?”
me from myself?!”
“Thanks, you too.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right,” Steve laments, signaling once more towards the bar for another round of drinks.
is, for as long as he can hold on.
Steve excuses himself when the doctor is finished, forgoing the bathroom connected to Tony’s room to instead vomit with a little more privacy in the restroom down the hall. He’s never experienced a physical sickness from verbal stimuli alone, but it’s impossible to not feel completely ill after hearing everything Tony is suffering from. The police might not have any suspects or any kind of valid information other than some random assault by a bunch of drunks, but they don’t need an interrogation to know the reason why this happened.
“Aunt Peggy?” He attempts, but the words come out as jumbled garbage. There’s still that annoying mask over his face, and he reaches up to attempt to tear that away as well.
“He’s fine, Tony. Come on.”
“This is really good,” he compliments as he gravitates towards the couch, having to push Tony’s legs aside so he can sit down too. Tony moves them momentarily before letting his feet settle back into Steve’s lap once he’s sitting.
Pepper looks at him sympathetically, reaching out to hold his cheek. He leans into the touch, closing his eyes. “What did Whitaker say to you?”
“Oh my god,
Steve tries to hide his smile. “Nothing, I just pegged you more as an Upper East Sider. Figured you’d have a swanky place right on 5th Avenue.”
The dining room is against the back wall of the house, floor to ceiling windows showcasing the ocean below. As Steve walks closer to examine the view, he can see a winding staircase leading down the cliff side to a nice private beach. He also spots an additional building further down the way. It’s completely dark, unlike the rest of the lit mansion. There’s large industrial sliding doors on one side of the smaller building, making Steve wonder what it could possibly be.
He makes his way down leisurely at first until he realizes he can hear a mass of voices outside. He almost trips and falls down the last flight of steps, barely catching himself on the old wooden railing. Dressed in just a tank top and pajama pants, he opens the door to see Coulson and Hill on his porch, along with a cop car on the street, and a swarm of reporters and photographers being ushered back by two police officers.
one.”
Tony and Steve jump up and down in the dugout, getting caught in the fray of excitement of the rest of their players. A very strong start indeed, leaving Tony only
“We’ll see you then, Doc. Thanks again,” Steve helps Bucky button his coat up over his arm that’s tucked against his side. He can’t quite get full movement on it to dress himself past tank tops.
it’s not worse?” She eventually asks, voice full of bitterness and thick with tears as she blows her nose in the corner, having to pace around the room to get her bearings about her again. “Because I’m not.”
The days continue to tick by, time spent in a similar fashion. Tony’s a very gracious host, minding his own business and giving Steve plenty of space to have some time to himself so they don’t drive each other
“Ready?” Steve asks the small conga line of children behind him, met with excited nods. “Okay, now!”
“Good. Keep it in mind.”
. He could literally
Tony scoffs. “We’re all not like you, Rogers. Emotions and sex don’t mix for some of us. There’s a thing that exists in the world that we live in called
Tony groans, trying to wriggle his hips back impatiently, but Steve has a firm hold on him. “Please,” he eventually caves. “
“Didn’t know you gave up that easy, Stark.”
“Oh yeah?” Tony asks, slowly stroking himself. “I wasn’t kidding about the quickie. If I’m seeing you for the first time in months, I’m pretty sure I’ll jump your bones no matter where we are.”
"Yes I am," he nods, then remembers what he read in the papers yesterday morning. "Never mind my promotion, what about yours? Congratulations! I mean, the first woman to ever own a major league baseball team? It's literally going down in the history books. So well-deserved, Peg, I'm really happy for you."
Rhodey leaves Steve’s side to continue to watch from the dugout. Rochester gets two more runs in before Tony strikes out their third player and they swap positions. Natasha lets Tony struggle through three more innings before pulling him off the field and sending Strange in to take his place. Steve doesn’t get the chance to re-evaluate his pep talk, Natasha sending him in as well.
“What do you say, big man?” Tony bumps his shoulder into Thor’s as they head for the elevators, a number of other players already crowding into the small space. Tony’s bags alone take up room for at least two and he ignores the dirty looks shot his way because of it. “Wanna come hit some tables with me tonight?”
convinces Steve to stick around for the morning sex, but as usual, Steve is the adult for both of them and makes the right decision. Tony is already going to be worn out before the match today, and really should try and nab a couple more hours of rest with no further strenuous activities, and Steve has to get back to Toledo before anyone notices he’s gone. They dress quickly and Tony insists on seeing him out, selfishly wanting to draw out every last second of them being together.
But none of that happens tonight, because Steve never turns up. Tony’s eyes suddenly snap open, not having realized he’d even shut them. The sky outside is darker than it was before. He squints blurrily at the clock in his dashboard, the time not meaning anything to him as he has no idea what time he had initially stormed out.
Following the 2-3-2 formula of where games were played in the World Series, Steve is unfortunately stuck in Oakland for the night, the last thing he wants. He moves off the field in a haze, ignoring the people calling out his name. He doesn’t want the crowds and the celebration and the noise, he just wants Bucky.
“I hate it here,” Tony declares to Steve on their nightly phone call a month later.
but my dad doesn’t agree and I always tell him how wrong and dumb and old he is!”
Tony plays the entire game as shortstop. He’s predictably incredible throughout all nine innings, providing assists when needed and not letting a single ball get away from him. Steve can’t even be angry about the holier-than-thou looks Tony keeps throwing his way with how well the game goes. They win by a wide margin, the final score coming out 8-2.
“Bathroom sink.”
“Yes please,” he sighs, handing her the lighter. He cups both hands around the spark, Natasha easily igniting the end of the stick. He offers his case out to her, one last cigarette waiting.
it’s agonizing and wonderful all at once. Full of satire and warmth, it’s a familiar sound that Steve’s mind almost can’t process.
Steve sighs through his nose, watching Bucky pick the ham off his slice of pizza. Steve doesn't know why he always lets him order it if he hates the stuff. “You know how I play without you. Shall we revisit the great Bucky’s Home with the Flu Debacle of 1976? I didn’t hit a single ball the whole game and missed about six outs.”
“Fuck, I’m exhausted,” Tony sighs loudly as he walks in the front door, tossing his keys onto the table and dramatically collapsing across the couch surrounded by a sea of boxes in their living room. “Is it too late to quit?”
Steve sits frozen as a beat of silence falls over them, save for the sound of Tony digging around in the body of the crustacean on his plate to get the best meat out. Steve watches as he takes another sip from his wine glass, staring straight ahead like this is just a regular family dinner for him. Steve then realizes that it probably is.
"Speaking of the Irons, how is Tony doing?" Peggy asks, taking a sip of her own glass. "Does he ever plan on gracing the field with his presence?"
reason we’re up by four.” He seizes Tony by the front of his jersey now, arm flexing as he gives him a forceful shake. “I get it. Back home, you’re used to everyone singing their praises and kissing the grass you walk on. But look around—
“Rogers!” Natasha calls out to him just as he joins Thor at the bench press. “Hey, can I borrow you for a sec?”
Steve’s gaze flickers away from the screen for a moment to look over at Tony, his dark eyes, as always, analyzing every little thing they can see. It makes a corner of his mouth quirk up in amusement, his eyes trailing lower to see that he and Bruce are holding hands. They aren’t doing it secretly, hands resting on Bruce’s thigh as his leg jumps up and down. Their fingers are locked together, Steve catching the movement of Tony’s thumb as he soothes it over the other man’s hand. Afraid of being caught himself, Steve quickly turns his attention back to the screen and keeps it there.
His pleas fall on deaf ears as Tony leaves the apartment, slamming the sliding metal door shut behind him. He hears a dull clang from behind him as he strides down the hallway, but he isn’t pursued.
"It looks like Mr. Stark checked out of his room about three hours ago. If it helps, I know a car came to pick him up."
“Consider yourself lucky,” Natasha says, coming around to his side of the table so he can reach out for his godson and the reason his best friends are losing so much sleep lately.
? What is wrong with you?”
He’s bounced around between teams since he started, but has been playing the longest for the Knights for the past four seasons. The Captain position is definitely just a figurehead status symbol in the Majors, most teams phasing it out completely. Ty was given the title last season but doesn’t do much in regards to assisting their coach or working with players one-on-one. Since Tony arrived in D.C. for early Spring training, his old childhood friend had of course taken a natural shine to him. He’s been showing up at Tony’s apartment six days out of the week at the ass crack of dawn so they can run or bike the 5-mile distance to the stadium, and half the time follows him home to continue the harassment. He’s a total geek for fitness and form, living off of protein powders and preaching the health benefits of multivitamins and yoga if Tony would just give them a chance...
Peggy keeps her expression neutral. "That matter is not for discussion and we cannot make any more statements concerning Chester at this time. As I was saying, I'd like to introduce our top six players this season, whom the Stars and Brooklyn are all very proud of. Our current Captain, Timothy "Dum Dum" Dugan, Jacques Dernier, James Montgomery Falsworth, Jim Morita, Steve Rogers, and James Buchanan Barnes."
“My name is Nurse Leyva. I’m calling from NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital on behalf of Tony Stark who was just admitted to our care. You are one of his two listed emergency contacts.”
Tony shrugs. “Not everyone is going to be accepting I’m sure, but it helps that the owners of the main boating club here are partners who have been together since before I was born,” he chuckles. “Lukas and Marty. Nicest guys in the world. I’m pretty sure even the most intolerant dickheads would succumb to their charms.”
. It’s good to know nothing changed in that regard.
. No matter how it affected his career, coming forward with his own truth will bring back a tie to Tony that will follow him for the rest of his life.
Steve nods, nudging his chin against his shoulder. “Yes, and I liked it. So will you play? Please?”
It’s deadly silent in the hotel room, Tony glancing over at where Steve is standing in the corner. He hasn’t moved from that spot since they got back, stoically leaned against the wall with his arms crossed, brow furrowed, and eyes glued to the floor, hardly engaging verbally with the group as they had all licked their wounds. Tony turns and walks back into their bedroom, slowly undressing and slipping under the covers. He hears the light in the other half of the suite click off, plunging them into darkness save for some ambient light outside. Tony’s facing the wall, staring into the blackness as he listens to Steve’s footsteps cross to his side of the room, the shifting of clothing, and then Steve pulling back his duvet and getting into bed himself. They settle into the kind of quiet that remains present in a room where both parties are clearly still awake, something unsaid hanging in the air.
“Steve, what
Steve and Bucky practice their throws together, both at a standstill and moving. It’s surreal, thinking how this isn’t all that different from twenty years ago when it was just the two of them and a ball.
Whitaker puts a huge hand on the top of his hat, giving Tony’s head a forceful push towards the bench. “Better rest up while you can.”
He clears his throat as he approaches. "Ma'am?"
Tony shakes his head, seeming displeased at his idea. “No, we should go back to the stadium so you can get your own car.”
“When did this happen?”
Steve shifts in his chair uncomfortably. "Ah, no. She died when I was about sixteen."
“Peter got it, actually.”
"It's not a pity look," Steve denies, looking down at his hands instead. He hates talking about Buck's injury. He doesn’t even like thinking about it. Steve knew he hadn't been playing the same ever since Bucky got hurt, no matter how many times his captain and coach tried to reassure him that isn't so. In the end, it really didn’t matter. His time with the Stars feels long behind him now. "What are you doing here anyway, Buck? I thought you weren't getting back in town until the weekend."
“I’m really okay,” he says, standing solidly, shifting his weight from foot to foot. He’s clearly testing it out despite his outward confidence. “I’m just getting old,” he chuckles.
The ringing eventually ceases, replaced by a staccato
A kid at his age who had already accomplished so much... Steve can hardly wrap his head around it. He’s sixteen for crying out loud! Steve was still in the rookies at that point in his career and never attended college, let alone graduated with all sorts of fancy Latin honors (did MIT even do Latin honors?). There had been a short period of time between the Class A-Advanced and Double-A league when Steve considered taking a break from baseball to pursue an art degree, but all his managers and coaches at the time were reminding him that he was at the point in his career where he had to strike when the iron was hot. There was no time for a higher education when you were a twenty year-old kid who was expected to get drafted at any moment. That moment came five years later when he was finally called up by The Stars, but still.
lose this one. Not when we’ve gotten this close.”
Tony is the first to break it, rolling onto his other side. “Steve?” He rasps into the darkness.
“You know, it’s funny you bring that up,” she puts a hand on his arm, halting them from going any further. “I actually want a moment with you, Steve. Can we take a seat?”
“Hey!” Tony complains, immediately trying to wrestle the container out of his hand, even after it’s been emptied. Ty is lean and tall, having several inches on Tony, making it easy to hold it overhead and out of reach. It feels like they’re kids all over again.
“There’s no fucking way I’m going back, Pep,” Tony barks angrily, thrusting the jersey into her hands so they can auction it off at some charity event.
"Good evening, everyone. Unfortunately, Chester Phillips couldn't make it tonight to moderate the questions, but I'll be here in his place. I'd like to introduce—"
threw the first punch. Jesus, there were media outlets at the party and now I’m going to have to try and pay off any photographers that might’ve caught that whole debacle on tape.”
Peggy hums and gives a nod. "Go on."
He sighs so deeply it makes his chest ache. “I love you, but I don’t think I can do this anymore.” He opens his eyes but still stares straight ahead, not looking over at Steve. “This has been hard for a while now, and I think we both know that.”
“You can let
“Come on, Steve,” Tony mutters into his hands, fingers locked tightly over his mouth. “You got this. You got this.”
; They don’t show affection anywhere that isn’t totally private, they do their best not to advertise the few times they could be spotted out in public together, and aside from the few times they’ve maybe shared a questionable look or touch here and there inside the stadium, no one should be the wiser.
Rejoining the major league is still a possibility, but it all depends on how his knee heals in the coming years. Steve also has to keep in mind that he's almost thirty now, and the time is ticking on how much longer he can continue professional play.
“That
Steve can’t stop his smirk. “Big mistake.”
Tony nods.
. Blankets of snow cover the entire city below, Tony having an incredible view from his penthouse. The roads are completely covered, snow still falling from the sky in small, condensed flakes.
“A valid follow-up,” Tony commends. He moves a little closer, sitting casually on the edge of Natasha’s desk. Steve’s gaze can’t help but be drawn up to the motion of his leg swinging carelessly, right above the ground, giving yet another glimpse at the His Tony he remembers. “You’re quitting.”
A knock comes to his suite's door and Steve has to check his tie in the mirror one more time before answering.
, Doc.”
Before Steve can ask for some elaboration, Bucky pushes himself away from the wall, heading over to where Dugan is standing. “What’s Barnes’ deal?” Jack asks, still fresh having just gone on as pitcher.
“Well, I won’t deny that,” Pierce says with a tight laugh. “Ms. Hill and Mr. Coulson here both used to work with him as well.” Pierce stands up and pulls a slip of paper out of his inner coat pocket, holding it out to Tony. “Mr. Stark, I suggest you at least consider our offer.”
“You wish I was that sympathetic,” Steve replies with a small smile. “No, Janet had it sent up.”
“Fifteen thousand on red for Mr. Stark,” the dealer encourages as he places Tony’s chip, the entire table cheering in approval. He’s a young man, tall and thin with caramel skin and dazzling brown eyes that are now locked on Tony’s with intent. “It’s good to see you again, sir.”
Tony finally rolls to his feet, not even bothering to try and wipe the dirt off his uniform as he goes over to the dugout to switch out his bat for a glove. “Stark!” He hears Whitaker bark at him from the field. “Good job out there. Now put down the mitt, Denver’s subbing in for you.”
Tony feels an odd weight lifted when it’s time for the seventh inning and he finally sees Steve jog out onto the field. The Avengers are back in the lead now, and Natasha has been sparing as far as substitutions go. Now, there had been a pretty big shift in regards to the line-up, both in the outfield and on the batting roster. The closers are in, and at this point they can’t risk losing anymore of their players, down to their last substitute after all the injuries that have occurred.
"He asked to see warm up swings," Steve says aloud now, disrupting the conversation. He watches the teen pitcher do his stretches as their first batter, Victor “Vision” Nightshade, steps up to the plate. "...Why do you think that is?"
There’s no Steve in his kitchen already making him breakfast, kissing him against the temple before he sits down at his rickety old table with the newspaper, sliding the crossword insert down towards Tony’s seat. He gets out his skillet and cracks a couple of eggs and throws some strips of bacon down into it, annoyed when he, once again, breaks the yolk trying to flip it. Steve always made it look so easy…
He watches Tony getting dressed so casually, not a care in the world. A cold, creeping feeling prickles at the back of Steve’s mind. How often does Tony do this? How many people have spent the night falling apart beneath his touch in this very bed? He knows Tony has a reputation as a playboy, even if he explained it’s just keeping the media off his scent. But Steve knows Tony’s nature and how charismatic he is, and he already caught him once with a valet in his bed. How many more “valets” were there, and was Steve just another notch in his bed post?
All the attention is turned on the confrontation, Tony running over from the pitch to grab Steve by the arm and tug him away. “Drop it, Steve! This is what Hammer wants, just leave it alone!” He hisses angrily, clawing at Steve’s bicep as he gets a good hold on him and manages to drag him back by a couple of feet. If one more player for their team gets kicked out, they’re done for. With how the game is going so far, they can’t afford to lose anyone else, especially not their Captain.
"Have a seat, please," Maria says, sitting down on a leather ottoman. Steve takes a seat on the couch across from her while Tony strolls around the room. "Are you originally from New York, Steve?”
Something in her expression changes, brow furrowing in frustration. “Now that everything is mostly sorted… Tony, do you remember anything from the attack? We can have a police officer come in to take your statement. They did the best they could with eyewitness accounts while you were unconscious, but didn’t come up with anything right away. If you have anything,
Tony isn’t usually a power hitter, and Obie knows his play style—
Tony’s already laying in bed, rolling onto his back so he can shove his hand into his sweatpants. He’s already getting hard after hearing Steve’s voice drop into that husky register. Phone sex has become a regular occurrence ever since their separation, and while it’s no substitute for the real thing, Tony gets a thrill out of it. It’s intimate, in a strange way. He doesn't have Steve’s physical presence here to bring him off, just has to lose himself in the moment, hinged on the sound of his voice. While he’s not as confident in his dirty talking as Tony is, he’s gotten better as his reservations about it slowly slip away.
The man finally gives in, sliding out of the booth. "Alright, but I'm not climbing up on any of these tables, I'm too old for that." Steve chuckles along with everyone else as Isaiah holds up his tumbler. "I'll keep it short and sweet. It's been an honor playing for this team and only this team throughout my career, and y'all will never find a Captain like me. Here's to my final season."
She digs around in her cabinet with one hand while the other scratches down a few notes on a slip of paper. She tears the sheet off and hands it to Tony alongside a bright, red sucker. “You are good to go. Spine and shoulders both looking great. Somebody’s been doing their exercises.”
And what a huge fucking mistake that pitcher just made.
It’s no Manhattan, and there’s no Steve. So he doesn’t like it, and it’s a terrible fit.
is not the proper term here. Mansion, maybe. Estate, probably the most accurate. There are spotlights pointed on the three-story, gleaming white house sitting atop a cliff, overlooking the Pacific. There is a huge fountain in the middle of the circular driveway where they park, an impressive garden lining the front yard.
in a hotel?”
The Avengers instill a moment of silence at the start of all their exhibition games to honor the late Starks as well as their pitcher missing-in-action. Steve asks Rhodey and Bruce if they’ve been able to get ahold of Tony, but they haven’t been able to reach him either.
“I don’t want to call it anything!”
"I know, but you can't trust her. Did you drink anything?" Steve is trying to look into Tony's eyes, seeing if his pupils are dilated or of he looks lightheaded at all.
“Steve,” Tony interrupts with a sense of urgency that immediately quiets his captain. Tony looks tired. “I’m… I’m sort of done talking about this.”
Tony straightens his posture slightly to accommodate for the man’s towering stature and presence. “That’s right. And I certainly will. It hasn’t been a challenge before, so this game won’t be any different.”
Tony lets his gaze fall to the grimy bar top. “Uh, yeah. I just… went for a drive. Had to clear my head.”
Tony’s steadfast gaze finally concedes, falling in shame to the floor. “I appreciated everything you did for me, Steve. All of it. Since the beginning. I couldn’t keep taking from you. You deserved your own life, not one spent worrying about me.”
Tony smiles, his heart aching for his old team even more. “I’d be a shit mentor anyway. He’s better off having you.”
“He’s late.”
"I'm okay," Steve finally answers, meeting Bruce's eyes. He knows that Bruce and Tony have been close since they started playing together, and Bruce was a good man in Steve's book. "Tony's fine too. It's a long story but I... overreacted."
Tony stares at her blankly for a moment, the rest of the team watching the verbal spar with bated breath. "Thirty minutes, huh? Listen Coach Romanoff, I'm a pretty busy guy, so I don't know if I can spare—"
“Why won’t you just
, Mom… It wasn’t a big deal, Whitaker and I just got into a disagreement, that’s all… Yes, I’m
apartment right now? Just because you’re probably sober and I’m not doesn’t mean shit.”
Tony just shrugs, brushing Steve off. "You ready to go? Got reservations at your favorite place."
“Tony, then. These are my colleagues, Phil Coulson and Maria Hill,” he introduces, gesturing to the two completely new faces in the room.
"Sure is, pal," Stephen sighs, patting him on the back.
"And if that doesn't work, well, I have a little something special in my purse that I can slip into his drink to make him talk... I better go. He's probably wondering where I am."
Tony thinks.
The following season after Bucky’s injury and the Stars’ big World Series win, Steve started to feel some pain in his right knee.
As he passes over the bundles and lets the casino worker tally it up, Steve grabs his shoulder, making a choking sound in his throat. “Tony, how much is that?”
“I said no.
Peter is blushing bright red, ducking his head with eyes still darting around with uncertainty, eventually just settling on Tony as the only safe place for his gaze to land. “Thanks, Sir. I’m happy to be back.”
“Nah, Hank’s right. You gotta come back to the Majors, man. Things have gotten so dull lately,” Scott complains.
I’m sorry, I didn’t mean that.”
Bucky laughs. "You really do stay away from all the news don't you?"
Steve ignores the arguing of his teammates, looking back at the elevators over his shoulder. The doors finally ding open, the last of their teammates stepping out of it. “There you guys are,” Steve chides, waving them over. “What took you guys so long?”
Bucky gives an unhelpful grunt of acknowledgement and seems to mull it over for a few moments. “Major league. That’s a pretty big deal.”
“Buck, you know I can’t do this without you--”
“Fury didn’t mention anything about a new pitcher.”
“Hammer,” he replies evenly, still staring straight past him.
Steve is still trying to put the pieces together. "That was Howard Stark's son."
Bucky wolf whistles at the group, grinning as he sidles up next to Steve by the mini bar. “Well don’t you guys clean up nice?” He asks teasingly, looking Steve over and straightening his boutonnière. “You nervous?”
, he says.
“Nah, you know how he gets on planes,” Rhodey shrugs helplessly. “Doesn’t travel if he doesn’t have to.”
His adrenaline doesn't get going until Steve Rogers comes up to bat.
“Did you give him the chance?” Bucky counters gently.
Tony knows he put the right fielder in a tough position, the man needing to make the snap decision as to whether or not this was going to be a double or a triple, and if he could get Tony out at second or third base. Tony bounds past the second base, waving for Steve to run like hell for home. As fast as he is, Tony knows he can’t make it to third before the ball does. Right in front of the shortstop ready to receive, he quickly skids to a stop, hand touching down in the dirt as he changes direction on a dime and bolts back to second base. It’s a race against him and the SS’s reaction time, the man realizing too late that Tony isn’t making a break for third after all. He fires the ball to his second baseman, but Tony makes contact with both feet before he gets crushed under the baseman in his attempt to get there first. The ref by second signals Tony is safe almost simultaneously with the one at home plate raising a hand to announce Steve’s scored run.
“Tony! Hey, Tony… Tony, stop!” He can hear Pepper’s voice echoing down the hallway from behind him, her heels clicking faster and faster as she tries to catch up to him. “I saw you storm off after talking to Whitaker. It looked
“Yeah, I’m good. I’m actually at a friend’s place,” Steve replies, deciding not to elaborate further than that. “But hey, I don’t want you to have to spend it totally alone. You remember Clint Barton right? His family doesn’t live too far from you. Natasha is up there now and she invited us over for dinner. I know I can’t make it but I think you should still go.”
“Yes,” they answer in unison.
“How long have you been playing?”
“Did I stutter, Cap? Jeez, I said don’t swing,” Tony grabs him by the shoulder. “Trust me, okay? Hammer doesn’t want to risk you getting a triple or even another home-run, which we both know you can pull off at this point. His pitches are gonna be wild, and you’re not going to swing at a single one, understand?” He doesn’t let Steve’s gaze go, needing him, begging him to follow his direction despite his better judgement.
Janet probably did this on purpose to make sure Steve could keep an eye on Tony and also to make sure he didn’t end up in a room with some player who hated his guts. Everyone is supposed to be a united front for the All-Star game, but even Tony had his own is when he played for the PCL a couple of years ago. Some rivalries aren’t as easy to just lay aside.
Oh, so not as late as he thought. “You’re up early,” he comments in amusement, grabbing a stool and pulling it closer so he can peer over Tony’s shoulder to see what he’s working on.
Tony shakes his head. “No, it was better. So much better. I loved it.” He shifts himself out of Steve’s lap to curl next to him, grasping his coffee mug between two hands. “But I am curious… What did you and Pepper talk about?”
“Your technicality isn’t what I’m calling into question. You’re playing like any average pitcher, instead of playing like
He ignores the jab, mostly because he has absolutely zero regrets about how that holiday worked out for him. “I think you should be thanking the snowstorm for that, not us.”
,” Tony spits. “I don’t want to do this today.”
? It’s not exactly something to advertise on paper, now is it?” She keeps her voice low, but it’s full of an acute anger. “Now take us to his partner and my godson before I have half a mind to sue this entire bloody hospital for flagrant discrimination!”
He’s wrong, they don’t get two or three runs, because they get
a thing,” Steve sighs and follows him out the door. No matter what Tony thinks his parents prefer, God forbid he try to show common courtesy.
Here is Steve Rogers, standing 127 feet and 3.5 inches away, looking much older than he had in that grainy footage from fourteen years ago. He was probably around eighteen or nineteen at that time, so he had definitely filled out, that teenage lankiness nowhere to be seen. The jersey is stretched tight around his chest and shoulders and he stands about a head taller than most of the players on the field.
playing. It’s a new challenge to be competing with people at his level, and Tony’s always been a sucker for a challenge. He’s also far from bored with Carol rotating him through positions every now and again, molding him into a jack-of-all-trades and formidable ace-in-the-hole. The Knights are on a winning streak, already expected to be a contender for the World Series despite the season only being half-over.
The venue is gorgeous. A colonial style mansion residing on expansive farm land with an attached plant sanctuary. The greenhouse is huge, overflowing with different regional plants sectioned off in little alcoves around the main dome that’s been cleared out to host things like weddings and other events. It’s the dead of Upstate Winter, snow still falling outside in blurry flakes, the trees of the surrounding wood line of the estate covered in thick layers of frost. It’s almost disorienting walking around inside with so much beautiful, flourishing plant life only to look out and see fields of white through the frosted glass panes. The choice is elegant yet charming all at once, nothing too fancy, too predictable, or too boring to suit the couple’s needs.
“What about you?” Howard interrupts. “Can’t imagine even a man with your character can stand to be so patient with such a problem child.”
“Yeah well you’re not me,” he replies confidently before picking up the speed and taking the lead on their commute.
The feed transitions back to the reporters in the studio, both of them shaking their heads.
Pepper sighs deeply, pinching the bridge of her nose. "Will you just shower and get changed? You know that me babysitting you is supposed to come second to managing the team, right?"
“Ah, the fanboy. Just tell him to come in, would you?”
, or so he thinks, at least. It isn’t exactly something people were free to shout from the rooftops in this day and age. If the average person doesn’t outwardly make their opinion clear with hate speech, it’s a quiet thought most Americans have in the back of their minds about that community of people. Steve has grown up in this homophobic environment, not quite understanding why it hurts anyone else who you do or don’t love or sleep with. He has no idea how to put this into words and offer it to Tony in a way that doesn’t make him sound over-compensatory or belittling.
Tony doesn’t laugh. “Steve,” he addresses seriously. “You can’t get hurt. Not for this.”
Steve doesn’t think he’ll ever figure Tony out. “You don’t have to pretend you’re something you’re not. I told you I don’t judge—”
The reporter doesn’t seem phased by the player's response, now reading off a piece of paper. "You said,
He has no appetite. Coulson and Maria arrive, Pierce is there too. He stands angrily in the corner of the room, a frown of disapproval on his face. He stays silent in the corner and Coulson hands over Tony’s pre-written statement.
Steve doesn’t have a response for that as Tony knocks back another glass. His eyes are watering and his face grows hot thanks to the burn of the alcohol and the mounting frustration.
Tony’s hands are cupped around his mouth as he joins the audience’s chorus of “Thunder! Thunder! Thunder!” He has to imagine how intimidating it is for Herrin against this deafening wall of sound.
Natasha’s poise melts a little and she sighs. “We’ll see. I don’t want to play you in every game for right now. We want to give that knee of yours some TLC as long as we can before we really need you for the actual season. Just rest up, okay? You’ll see the field when I know it’s worth it. Now hit the showers already, you smell awful.”
Tony grins at him. “I think I prefer our Us Plans, no offense to the rest of the lot.”
They all nod respectfully to her, a murmur of greeting reverberating from the team.
Steve takes on the role of babysitter for the night, handing every single drink he's given off to Bucky. He knows that his best friend needs it more than he does, and Steve doesn’t want him to feel any edge of bitterness that he couldn’t help the Stars with this history-making win. It just isn't fair, and Bucky is a lot better about not letting that show than Steve is.
Tony allows a small smile to grace his pinched face as they walk together through the tunnel. “I thought they said it was mini-golf.”
Steve is through the public library doors at exactly 7:49. The girl behind the counter glowers at first before she realizes who it is disrupting her last peaceful moments before freedom. "Oh, it's just you. Hey, Steve."
The whistle blows for a time out after Tony’s next pitch, the batter just barely getting away with a single. Killian is the reason for the hold up in the play, barking something into the dugout where Hammer finally emerges. Tony watches through narrowed eyes as he jogs out onto the field, taking the place of the batter on first. Ah, so he wasn’t slated to pitch at all this game. For some odd reason, Killian had switched him over to a pinch runner. Thinking about it, Hammer’s pretty quick on his feet even if his baserunning stats don’t reflect that. Still, the choice seemed odd unless the man he subbed in for is particularly slow. Putting in a pinch runner at the very beginning of an inning when he’s only on first base is almost useless, especially this late in the game and
“How are you always so late to practice if you get up that early?” He asks in amusement, watching as Tony scrubs an eraser over half his page before starting again. He then can see that Tony isn’t really sketching, but rather filling the page with all sorts of confusing looking formulas that Steve can’t begin wrap his head around.
Happy pulls up to the stadium doors where the entire team is already gathered, sitting on benches chatting to each other. Tony can see Howard and Obadiah talking off to the side as the last of the reporters get settled in, photographers pushing their way to the front of the roped off section so they canget the best shot of whoever is going to be chosen to play in the All-Star Game.
You can’t drive like this
“We need to start with the identity of the man in the photos,” Coulson continues.
somebody.”
, goes the bouncy ball as Tony continues methodically bouncing it off the counter and wall. "I'm surprised you didn't come here asking for an apology— or at least expecting one."
Ah, so they were back on that. Good to know Tony could even
“Good, good,” Peggy straightens up a little, brushing something nonexistent off Steve's shoulder. An old habit he remembers her doing to all the players when she was doing her best to be casual about congratulating their performance. “I really do think you’ve found your place with the Avengers. How is Barnes, by the way? I haven’t heard much about him since… Well, everything.”
On the warmest days they go down to the beach. The water is far too cold to actually get in, but it’s nice to lay out on a towel and talk with each other, trading childhood stories and talks of the future. Tony wants to cling to every moment as long as he can, because he knows as soon as they return home, they won’t have an opportunity like this again for a long, long time.
Steve isn’t expecting the question to be turned on him, and he certainly isn’t expecting the old hostility Tony once had against him to rear its head. “Just because you think he saw me like that doesn’t mean I felt the same about him, Tony,” he reminds. “...Besides, I didn’t go because I had nothing nice to say about the man.”
Steve can’t resist the natural pull, ascending up a few steps to meet Tony half-way. He stops two steps below the first landing so the two are matched for height, staring into dark chocolate eyes. “Cutting it pretty close, aren’t you?”
Thank you for the feedback everyone!! ❤️ It makes me so happy to finally get this fic up and outta my google docs. Sorry for the lack of Tony last chapter, had to tease you guys a little bit ;)
Tony takes his breath away. Seeing him in an immaculate suit is nothing new for Steve, but there’s something exceptionally handsome about him right now as he looks down at him from the first landing, leaning against the wooden railing. His suit is jet black, vest and tie a rich crimson and contrasting nicely with the crisp white shirt and white rose pinned to his lapel. Maybe it’s the context of the day that stirs up the butterflies in Steve’s stomach, but all he knows is that he can’t take his eyes off of him.
Howard waves around some steak on the end of his fork, pointing it specifically at Tony now. “All I know is, you better not be disrespecting your captain the way you disrespected me, kid.”
"Lose the fuckin’ attitude." He slams his binder shut before blowing his whistle and returning to the rest of the team.
Steve hesitates, not wanting to leave the counter just yet. “You said he’s stabilized. Is he going to be okay? Do you know what caused this? I was told on the phone it was an assault.”
The bullies. Just another reason Steve doesn’t want this Summer to end.
“It’s not like it would be legal,” Tony snorts with an eye roll, doing a remarkable job of not answering the question at all. “It’s rumored they’re taking a case to Massachusetts court though to try and legalize it, even if they just end up calling it something stupid like a
“I know,” Tony shrugs, looking back at him. “Ready to go get your car now?”
“Tony, what are we doing here?” Steve sighs.
,” he repeats slowly. “Take any pictures yet?”
“Safe!” The ref calls, another wave of wild cheering bursting from the stadium. Tony wipes the kicked up dirt from his face as he collapses to his knees, sweat stinging his eyes. With that last push of energy, he had managed to sneak his way into a triple. He holds a weak thumbs up in Whitaker’s direction before getting to his feet, ignoring the proffered hand from the third baseman. Raising his arms above his head as he catches his breath, Tony knows he has next to no time before the next batter comes to plate.
“This is worse than practice,” Strange agrees, mouth hanging open in horrified awe. “I didn’t think that was possible.”
He’s immediately met with a chorus of cheers, all the kids falling into an argument over who gets who on each team. The eventually manage to all split up, little Annie immediately clinging on to Tony’s arm insisting he be on her team because she’s his biggest fan.
Tony moans in protest, curling his body into a tighter fetal position. Steve cruelly removes the pillow from the top of his head, light exploding into his vision. The pounding headache comes on in full force then, Tony’s hands coming up weakly to cover his face.
Steve decides he’s of absolutely no help just standing around watching Tony work with a bunch of components he doesn’t even understand, and decides to putt around his kitchen. He looks for something to do, things to clean, starts prepping some ingredients he can incorporate into some kind of dinner later while Tony works. He glances over into the living room every now and again, seeing varying sizes of plastic and mechanical odds and ends strewn about on the floor in the same organized chaotic fashion that Tony’s workshop back in Malibu had displayed.
“Hey, Joey!” Steve gets the boy’s attention, pointing over to one of their abandoned sleds at the bottom of the hill, beside one of the cars. “Sneak over there and grab me that sled, I have an idea.”
"Where is Chester Phillips?" a reporter calls from the crowd. "Is his illness worse than what we were led to believe at the last statement made during the exhibition games?"
“I wanna hear about this!” Falsworth crows, immediately jumping up.
Bucky nods and looks at Steve to continue. "...And?" he prompts when no elaboration arrives.
This looked like news to both of them. "What?" Janet asks, immediately followed by Natasha kicking a tire of the bus.
The two of them share a grin and Tony can’t help but wrap his arms around the man in a tight hug. “I miss you, Obie,” he confesses against the man’s chest.
“And my hands?” Tony asks, staring down at them. He gets a phantom tingle from both wrists, remembering being held down and stomped on by his assailants.
He grabs Rezzo by the sleeve, interrupting him halfway through his pep talk to the batters on deck. “Coach, take out the DH.”
“Hi, honey. Jersey looks good on you,” Tony compliments with a grin, leaning over to share a quick peck.
Right. A Major League Man. He vaguely can recognize the name and face as one of his father’s old acquaintances. He owns one of the teams in the MLB, but he can’t think of which one right now. “Tony is fine,” he says, shaking the man’s hand.
They’ve explored this side of Steve’s slowly developing sexuality only slightly in the past few months. Because of more traditional presumptions about sex and relationships, Steve figured from experience that he would be the one “
been holding out on me.”
Tony releases the longest sigh Steve's ever heard from the kid. He's surprised there's any air left in Tony's lungs after a heave like that. "She always worries," he mutters, picking up a rubber ball off the counter. He starts bouncing it against the wall, catching it every time it comes back to him. "I would say I'd apologize to her about ruining dinner later, but it wasn't the first time I've done it nor will it be the last."
“So, I saw something pretty funny earlier today. Mrs. Sanchez from down the hall was walking her dog
Tony twists around in his arms, staring at him in surprise. “You did?”
“I don’t want to! Don’t you get it?!
You should rejoin the majors. /
Steve raises his eyebrows, a slight grin on his face. "Are you expecting me to decline that kind offer?"
“Tony,” he grunts after a few moments, right as he began to slip into unconsciousness.
“I don’t get a say in this?” Steve asks, his voice raising. “No, Tony. You’re not ending this to try and— I don’t know— protect me? We need each other now more than ever—”
“I don’t want your money, Stark,” Bucky interrupts, waving him off. “I was actually coming into the city tonight anyway to visit a friend, so no skin off my nose.”
It takes some time to reign them all in, Steve feeling a little overwhelmed with all of the attention. He does his best to address all the kids as well as he can, used to this part of the job when walking outside of the stadium to say hello to fans, or getting stopped in public by parents with their children. The small herd is definitely full of energy and Steve glances over to see how Tony is faring with this. Where he wouldn’t really expect Tony to have the patience to deal with children, he actually seems to be thriving under their spitfire questions and praise.
This was the drop of the other shoe that Tony had been waiting for. Steve wishes his instinct could’ve been wrong for once.
“I don’t know,” he admits. “I don’t think she was expecting you back so soon. We have Strange and Elritch to fall back on at least.” Tony looks annoyed by this, taking a sip of his tea. “You don’t have to launch yourself back into things, Tony. It’s okay for you to take some time off.”
Clint pouts at him but continues around the table, undeterred and now harassing all of their friends to try and get them out of their seats. “Come on, losers. This is a wedding. Weddings are for dancing, not sitting around.”
The nurse is just as frazzled, luckily not even bothering to look to Steve for some kind of confirmation of the claim. “I-I apologize, it’s not listed here in the documentation—”
Steve doesn’t move off the field, staring at his coach while the crowd dissipates. Natasha walks over to talk to the groundskeepers who are already starting their work to make the field presentable for tomorrow’s home game, Steve quickly chasing after her. “You pulled me from shortstop?” He asks in bewilderment.
, Steve thinks desperately, but his mouth has gone dry. His own adequacy gets the better of him, nerves bubbling up to the surface. “I just… I don’t want you to have to do that and me not… know how to return the favor,” he confesses.
Their maybe-hypothetical-maybe-not-so-hypothetical discussion of a ridiculously gay wedding ends when one of the servers approaches the table. She gathers the empty champagne flutes and sets down freshly refilled ones at the place settings. Steve accepts his with a smile and Tony holds up a hand in rejection when she gets to him.
Now that he’s in better spirits, Peggy’s visits lessen as well. While it’s time off for the rest of them, she still has plenty to do as the owner of the Stars now that they’re in the post-season. Tony’s not allowed out of bed very often, the doctors and nurses insistent that he stay away from even mild physical activity while under their care. His friends visit him often to offer enough entertainment, and Steve brings him books to read in his down time so he doesn’t go
Tony smiles softly and nods, pressing one more chaste kiss to Steve’s lips before he turns his attention back on the keys and continues to play until they’re both tired enough to retreat to the safety and warmth of Tony’s bed.
“Steve?” He can hear Rhodey’s voice but it sounds like it’s miles away. A shake to his shoulder. Steve brushes it off and immediately heads to the door. Before he realizes it he’s running, sprinting out of the stadium. The unassuming clouds that have filled the sky all day are suddenly dark with rain, droplets splattering against his face as he runs through the parking lot. It starts to pour once he makes it into the safety of his car. He sits, hunched forward as he squints through the sheets pouring down over his windshield. The shitty wipers only able to clear the way for a second before his vision is obscured again, Steve barely able to make out the hazy circles of headlights and people-shaped blobs that he has to stop for.
Steve can’t fault her for that. Since Tony showed back up, his performance hasn’t been great. It hasn’t been
Confetti explodes around them as people jump out from behind the counter and booths and tables, all the lights flickering on at once.
“I know.”
“Hello, is this Mr. Steve Rogers?” Asks an unfamiliar female voice.
Eventually, they untangle from one another and get back to their feet, blades of grass still clinging to their backs. They return home at a leisurely pace, framed by the pinks and oranges of the sunrise as they go. By the time they make it home, Tony’s exhaustion catches up with him. Steve somehow convinces him to rinse off in the shower, washing away sweat and dirt and pollen before letting him slog back into bed, not even bothering to dry off before collapsing face down on top of the sheets, naked save for the towel wrapped around his waist.
Tony’s fastball streaks forward, straight and fast. The batter isn’t expecting it, and he follows his same swing pattern to make contact. The ball continues the quick momentum, Tony whirling around to keep track of it with his eyes as it sails over his head.
Isaiah’s next pitch goes straight to the batter who hits a ground ball toward third base. Now’s their chance. Bucky scoops up the ball, Hemmings already safely on third. There isn’t a single moment of hesitation before Bucky fires the ball back towards first, Steve keeping a foot on his base as he easily receives the throw.
Isaiah throws the first pitch, his arm like a cannon. Steve will always be in awe of his captain’s throw, much like everyone else in the league. Isaiah Bradley is one of the oldest players still in the major league, rumors of his retirement constantly swirling as he nears 50 years of age. Steve has only been playing with Isaiah for a season now, but he can’t imagine not having the man as his Captain and confidant.
The first pitch has already been thrown when the sliding door opens from behind them, everyone turning to see Tony has finally made it.
Tony’s new bodyguard is waiting when they arrive at the hotel, helping Steve with the wheelchair and quickly ushering them inside. They released a fake “source” yesterday that Tony would be staying at a different hotel on the other side of Manhattan, just to throw the media off the trail and make sure he didn’t get swarmed the moment they left the hospital.
Steve’s bare feet slap against the wet tile floor as he stalks across the room towards him. He doesn’t hesitate to back Tony up against the wall, hands on his shoulders as he steps under the shower’s warm spray. “Any reason in particular you were so defiant today?”
She’s smirking at him when his sheepish gaze returns to her, feeling the back of his neck flush to match the shade of his new accessory. Natasha laughs at him, throwing her head back. “Relax, I’m not scolding you. I’m actually impressed. Didn’t know you had it in you.”
Steve stands as well, glad this conversation seems to be over. "I don't mind staying. We can just go back together in the morning."
When the moment ends and the whistle blows for the game to start, the rest of their team realizes the new arrival as well. Most of them hesitate the same way Steve had, unsure of how to behave when he showed up out of the blue like this. Rhodes comes down the line immediately, throwing his arms around Tony in a tight hug. Steve watches as one of the camera operators notices Tony’s unexpected arrival as well, the big screen immediately shifting to the live feed of Rhodes and Tony locked in embrace, Tony’s face schooled into a mask of indifference.
Tony has seen him naked plenty of times before, but never in
“You said it yourself, I’m always able to figure it out,” Tony shrugs. “Honestly, I’m surprised no one else has caught you. You, and the thirteen other guys on the team who you probably roped into thinking it’s a good idea. I watch tapes of each player every week. I see how fast some of the changes are, and let me tell you, those results are
"Just a reminder that reporters aren't meant to speak until their pre-approved questions are called on," Peggy quickly interrupts. Steve glances around the shifting crowd and lets Peggy call on the next reporter.
Tony freezes in front of the mirror above the sink when the door clicks shut behind him, and it’s not because he’s looking particularly handsome this morning. He looks and feels like he got hit by a truck. There’s still some leftover swelling around his eye and jaw, spotty bruises yellowing in some spots and still deep shades of purples and blues in others. There's a couple of healing scratches on his face, but his nose and jaw look mostly intact.
Steve is almost too stunned to speak for a moment. “...Tony?”
Several minutes later, the sliding door opens up and Tony turns to see Steve come out not with a tray of fresh breakfast foods for him, but a tall glass filled with a red liquid, only missing the celery garnish. “I did the best I could,” Steve admits, reading Tony’s thoughts as he hands him the Bloody Mary. “Figured you might want this.”
“Oh man, I love you,” Tony gushes before he realizes what he’s said. He freezes up instinctively, but neither Steve nor Peggy seem phased by the confession.
The problem is that Tony’s cold shoulder feels selective. If he’s having trouble getting socially adjusted to his new environment, it’s not something he lets the rest of the world see. Steve starts to notice that Tony graces the tabloid section of the newsstand outside his apartment every other morning. It’s no wonder he keeps showing up to practice hungover when he’s apparently out partying with New York socialites every night.
“Not until he’s out of surgery, I’m afraid. You’re welcome to wait, I’ll have a nurse fetch you when he’s ready.”
Peggy sets a hand on his, bringing his gaze back up to hers. She’s smiling at him, soft and understanding. “A while.”
Natasha’s schpiel is longer than usual, Steve zoning out for most of it to glare over at Tony. He’s covered in dirt and grass stains, leaned against the locker so clearly pleased with himself, making comments under his breath to Bruce who tends to receive them with an eye roll and a smile. He occasionally catches Steve’s eye and his smirk only spreads.
, Ty. The doctors cleared me to play again after six months, and even my hands will be healed before that. I’ll be good to play by mid-season next year— Pierce and his team knows that, I talked with him and Carol already—”
A laugh bubbles forth in surprise. Steve can’t help it, smiling ironically down at Tony as his fingers card gently through his hair, sure to avoid the bandaged parts where he knows the stitches lie underneath. “And here I thought we were being so secretive.”
“No, but she’ll be back in the morning. We’ve both been sleeping here the past few days, but we convinced each other to take turns so we can get an okay night’s sleep every once in a while,” he explains, pulling a chair back up so he can sit next to Tony, holding his bandaged hand. “How are you feeling? Do you need more pain medication? The doctors have been saying at this point you’re just in recovery, but I want to make sure you’re not in any pain. I can go get a nurse—”
“You can’t feel it
“Tony?”
Steve is now thirty-two and Captain of the Manhattan Avengers. When the position was offered to him, Steve had initially turned it down. This is only his fourth season with the team, and while it's common for players to come and go in the Triple-A league, arguably more than any other level of the minors, there are certainly players on the team who have much more tenure than Steve. Natasha had insisted though, and after earning approval from both Janet and Fury, it was official that he was to be appointed leader after Pym decided it was time for him to retire.
Tony’s expression immediately becomes more serious. He tucks his legs underneath him, running a hand through his messy hair. “What is there to talk about?”
A plain white box is waiting for him past the wrappings, Steve lifting the lid to see golden tissue paper and a folded note with chicken scratch handwriting in red ink that Steve would recognize anywhere.
Tony’s throat tightens unexpectedly. “Yes, sir,” he croaks as the man walks back into the stadium, probably going back to the best box in the house to watch the game unfold.
“Of course,” Steve replies, breath hitching.
in the Majors?"
“Don’t tease me like that if you can’t deliver, Helen,” Tony grunts as he sits up straight, stretching his back and rotating his shoulder. “Do I have the stamp of approval to pass off to Nat?”
“So American,” Tony snorts into his wine glass—when did he have time to already drink half of it?
“Yeah, well you can tell him to fuck off.”
Steve leans forward as well. No one is sitting close enough to hear, but he’s glad Tony feels safe enough to finally talk about it in an open space. “I’m not trying to label you, Tony, I’m just trying to understand.”
He pauses, hand on the knob. He can almost see a smile on her face, but it doesn’t quite reach her eyes.
He expects Tony to pull away from him. He’s always manifested his emotions physically, but for once, he’s completely still. They’ve both grown since that argument over whether or not he should leave the Avengers so many years ago, especially Tony. Steve watches as his eyes flicker, unsurely absorbing Steve’s reasoning and weighing them in his mind. It’s a mature thing to do, accept someone else’s opinion on a matter that affects your own life, and it’s one of the many things they’ve been able to teach each other over the years.
“Hm? No, I’m walking home. My building isn’t that far from here,” He keeps trucking ahead, not slowing down for Steve’s sake.
“I'm not,” Steve immediately denies, only then realizing that his name hadn’t been called at all. “But why is Tony on shortstop? Why not pitcher?”
Both sides have seen a quick rotation of the batting order, each inning half being torturously drawn out at times. They’ve gotten no runs and two outs, Steve finally stepping back up to plate. All he’s got is Thor on second and the odds aren’t in their favor. Both teams have fatigue beginning to show, but Tony is unable to stay put in the dugout when it’s his turn to rest. He stands at the edge of the field, hands clasped together over his mouth as he silently observes.
Steve feels his heart sink down to his feet. "Really?"
And just like that, they head back down to the garage, loop back to the Polo Grounds, Steve gets in his car and waves goodbye to Tony who barely returns it with a raise of two fingers against his steering wheel before he’s peeling out of the parking lot. Dazed and confused, Steve contemplates things in his car for a bit before turning the key in the engine and returning home.
“The foresight on that one is commendable,” Tony murmurs, happily crunching on the celery. “D’you have fun last night?”
Natasha ignores him until they reach her office. She slams the door shut behind Steve. “Have a seat.”
He actually listens to her, turning slowly to face her again. “Why?”
, I’m not all that excited to do much of anything today.”
Tony doesn’t appreciate the cryptic tone of it all, but he just settles into his seat and lets the radio play, unable to find even an ounce of rock in Steve’s weird collection of jazz tapes.
Natasha smiles at him. “Absolutely. I hear his kids are big fans of yours anyway, Captain,” she winks. Suddenly it makes sense why Clint was always asking for him to autograph gloves and balls and jerseys. He always just thought it was for some gag. “Besides, I feel like I’ve heard so much about this Bucky guy and have yet to actually meet him. Is he cute? Single?” She asks jokingly.
Tony feels refreshed and relaxed after the shower, coming out in a big fluffy robe with a towel laying on top of his head. Steve has changed out of his sweats and is wearing dark jeans and a plaid button up shirt, sitting up in bed flipping through a book. “You’re seriously going to go out like that?” Tony asks with a wrinkled nose. “You look like a dad.”
