"Must have been John's cooking, and the tea, he comes in here every time to do just what he's always done, but John is always providing a diversion. I know I've come in a few times bent on murder and property destruction when I get to work, but I'm never able to leave that way. Besides, your brother is a hedonist even if he tries to hide it, of course John's food provides the perfect distraction, he's even got you eating regular, and I was convinced for years that you were surviving on air, cigarettes, tea, and random pieces of toast every few days."
, something dark and vicious that I can't control, and that is perfectly capable and willing to hurt the people I care about most, and I am
"Yes." John murmurs against his hair, "Yes I do." The words filled with such certainty that there isn't room for an atom of doubt.
He didn't know if they believed him or not, but he closed his eyes anyway and relaxed. He didn't expect them to start chatting their heads off or anything, but he did want to put out the air of confidence that he wasn't afraid of these guys. He figured he could easily overpower three of them, four if he was damned lucky, Will and Steve however looked like they could easily break him in half. James and Tom were the sympathy plays, the mints and music had been an excuse, to check their responses, they at least viewed him as an individual now, it would be slightly harder for them to harm him. If it came to a fight he'd have to go for a gun quick and use human shields. Mike was the smallest and not in a 'small but scrappy' way, John KNEW he could take him out. Peter didn't look very strong, but could probably put up one hell of a fight regardless.
"No, you don't have to go anywhere. I'm not afraid of you." His companion says gently, and while the words warm his heart, they also sink like a stone in his gut, because it means Sherlock still won't fight this, won't fight him even though he should, and that kills him. Because John knows he's not strong enough to walk away, even though he knows he should, that the best way to protect Sherlock right now is to stay as far away as he can get, but he can't. He has been inextricably trapped in the web known as Sherlock Holmes since day one, and he can no more fight that fact than he can fight against gravity. Unless Sherlock cuts him free, he's stuck.
“No John, that wasn't the reaction I was going for, that was the catalyst, the trigger, the reaction I was going for happened after you had calmed down, when you were dealing with the fallout. The first time I was successful in making you get rough during sex, you did something unexpected afterwards, I was trying to recreate the results.”
Dedicated to youcantsaymylastname, who has been awesome enough to review all the chapters so far and set me smiling most of the day. Thanks for the support!
The coffee was cold and the chow mein was starting to dry out when he returned, no closer to an answer that would satisfy him. The IV was long since done and he carefully removed the line and placed a plaster over the entry point. It was dawn, probably about five or six in the morning. At a dead end for the moment he put the Chinese away and decided to go to bed and keep his promise to John to get some sleep. He went to shut his laptop and stopped dead.
Nope. My diet is very similar to a diabetics: Low sugar, no caffeine (in my case), high protein and vegetable, limited fruit, strict carbs and fats. And it used to be a lot worse when I was younger. How does eating 6 full meals and 3 snacks a day just so you don't lose weight or get horribly sick sound? That's 3,000-3,500 calories a day, now add another meal and two more high calorie snacks (4,000-4,500 cpd) for a month to try and gain back weight after something as simple as a week long flu, or a three month fast food only diet with the same 6-7 daily meal quantity requirements and drinking 2 ensure at every meal (6,000-8,000 cpd) after a two week hospital stay. ( I lost 23 pounds of muscle and fat in two weeks because I couldn't hold anything down) and that's not just a one time binge at the buffet, but an every single day kind of thing. Still sound fun? It's not, I promise.
"Present company excluded of course?"John queried with a definite hint.
***********************
"Hang on, what the hell's going on? Did you really hit Sherlock like that?"
Suffering from severe head trauma, internal bleeding in abdomen, punctured right lung, five abdominal stab wounds, possible organ damage, multiple mild to moderate lacerations everywhere, but about twenty severe ones. Second degree fire and electrical burns over about twenty-five percent of his body, severe bruising over the entire body, kidney damage, dental torture that removed seven teeth, they ripped off every single fingernail and toenail and stuck sharpened bamboo into the quicks, a broken and dislocated jaw, broken right humerus and left ulna. Every finger, both wrists, both ankles and both tibias are definitely broken at least once, they went the extra mile for us and made sure the tibias broke through the skin, left one on the front, and the right through the medial side. The pelvis is shattered, and left femur is dislocated, looks like they tried to impale him or something.
"Hello?"
A guard stood at the door where John was waiting and he stepped aside to let Mycroft in. John was sitting in the chair at the table and Mycroft nodded to the guard behind him. The man stepped forward and ripped the black cloth hood off John's head and before the doctor could get any of his bearings back, for the first time in his life, Mycroft got his hands dirty as he lashed out and punched John across the face with his fist as hard as he could. It hurt just as much as he thought it would, but he didn't let it show.
"This one was at twelve before she seized out and choked on her own vomit." John announced from the victim he had checked.
rookies and interns on coffee runs
Your murderer is probably male, most likely somewhere in the mid to late thirties, true psychotic, probably diabetic, with very poor self-esteem, and a god complex. Probably grew up poor or abused, someone who has actually experienced starvation, and now wants to inflict the feeling on the 'perfect people' of the world who either turned a blind eye to his situation, looked down on him, refused to help, or caused the situation in the first place.
fruit and nut cake. Apples, pears, oranges, currants, and cranberries mixed with chopped walnuts, almonds, and chestnuts in a moist rum soaked spice cake
"Alright then, saving a patient who'll hate me for it. Feels like Afghanistan all over again. We'll see which one of us is more stubborn. I need clean scrubs, a nail brush, and nail clippers to start my surgical prep work. I also need the patient's vitals and the test results as soon as you have them. I'll do my own preliminary exam before I do a full surgical scrub, because if we can move him, I want to be able to determine how fast. And please tell me ONE of you is an anesthesiologist."
The fire in her eyes, her desire to punch him, Sherlock kept pushing her to try it, wanting her to get her well earned retaliation. But knowing that John would break her wrist if she tried, she held her temper. Pity. She lifted the tape and pretended she wasn't affronted. At the evidence prep John put on the required coveralls, booties, gloves and hair cap, Sherlock grabbed a pair of gloves and a thin face mask once he learned it was being considered a possible bio-hazard.
yep really, just like chapter 6 said, Sherlock started all of this over wanting John to give him another sponge bath. *Slaps the idiot upside the head*
The symptoms of hypoglycemia are: weakness, fatigue, dizzy spells, aching constant hunger, stomach cramps, muscle pain, headaches, shaking, nausea, vomiting, impaired mental and cognitive abilities, combativeness, mood swings, possible violence, and loss of consciousness. And I have experienced them all. to my knowledge my blood glucose level has never dropped below 40, and I was hospitalized that time.
(See the end of the chapter for
That had filled Sherlock with a mix of emotions he couldn't describe at the time, because emotions weren't his thing, they weren't his area, pheromones and chemicals tricking the brain into specific responses was easy enough, but the delicate dance of them; relief, desire, lust, need, reciprocation, love... it was more than he was used to, in fact it was completely overwhelming. Could he really be blamed for giving into sentiment that one time and just acting on his base instinct, his reptilian brain if such things could be believed, and claiming what he wanted, and had been so freely given?
“Of course you did.” John took a couple of very deep breaths and then accepted that this really was his life. “Get undressed and lay down.”
It was the only time Sherlock had given in when someone had told him to eat. An hour later as he sat in Lestrade's office completely ignoring the paperwork Lestrade was trying to make him do and eating the sandwich, he wished that it had been John's shop, and not Speedy's that was below his flat. John's food was so much more to his tastes, and the man really knew how to make a wonderful cuppa.
(See the end of the chapter for
"No sir, tested just last week, results clear."
WARNING: Possible squick. This chapter contains realistic gore and graphic descriptions of injuries acquired through torture. Also medical stuff just in case people have a trigger or phobia. The section WILL be appropriately marked!
Because he'd only been a child at the time, and his father's fists were nearly as big as his head, and fighting back only made it so much worse for his mum and his sister... But this was SHERLOCK, the man who lived to defy, and fight back, and prove everyone else wrong damn the consequences, the man who would argue with GOD because he felt he was beneath him, or wrong about something, and yet he hadn't fought John. And if someone who had proven time and again that he was so far above the rest of the mere mortals had fallen into the same damn trap, what hope did that leave for the rest of them? It made Anderson feel like a scared little kid all over again.
He happily dug in to the best start to his day that any man could ever ask for.
"Surgeons can't have shaky hands or be unable to stand for long periods of time. It was a good life, but I can't do it anymore. I could still teach if this doesn't work out, but for now this makes me happy, I like meeting all the people who aren't out to die on me or have some terminal illness they expect me to miraculously be able to cure. So, what will it be?"
But I can't leave you either, I can't. I'm not strong enough. You have become as necessary as AIR to me and I can't just choose to stop breathing. I'm the worst kind of addict, and you're my fix, my drug of choice. So you have to be the one to end it Sherlock, because I never will, and I don't know how to protect you from that dark thing inside of me. So I am begging you to please, leave me and walk away and never look back, because if you don't, if you stay, I'm going to live in constant fear of hurting you, and that one day I will snap, and then I will eat a bullet to neutralize the threat, and I really don't want to make you see that, so please, just leave, let me save you one final time okay?”
Their breakfasts arrived and they ordered their hot boxed lunches. Chicken tikki masala with saffron rice, vegetable soup, hummus and pita, side salad, and strawberries with yogurt for her, and the beef stroganoff on egg noodles, lentil soup, steamed veg, side salad, bread, and fruit cup for himself. Both came with a packet of tea large enough to brew a single pot, a large fresh baked biscuit and scone, and a bottle of either juice, regular water, or flavored vitamin water. All of John's meals were like that, delicious, balanced, healthy, and fresh, and going just a bit beyond what was expected. He also catered to almost every palate or dietary need or restriction. Kosher, vegetarian, gluten free, low fat or sodium, everything had a place on the menu or could easily be substituted, and he clearly listed any foods with common allergen items on the menu. It was evident that John took great pride and care in his work, Mycroft knew it was proof that he would have been just as great of a doctor as well.
Just like he'd put his father away by setting up the video recorder in the living room and taking pictures of his mother's injuries when she wasn't looking, with a mini camera his aunt had given him for Christmas. He had snuck out in the middle of the night after a really bad row when he was ten. He took the tape and roll of film to the police station four blocks over and asked them to please save his mum because he was too little, and his dad had bloodied her up real bad tonight and she wasn't moving. His collecting evidence had saved his mum's life. They'd put his father in jail, his mum was taken to hospital for two months, and had to go to counseling for a few years. Once she was all better she got a divorce and pressed as many charges as possible, and she won because she'd had the evidence.
“Where is Mycroft now? He has my mobile held hostage and I would really like it back.”
Now it looked like they were focusing on him, and were even starting to get more aggressive with their posturing. But John wasn't an idiot, and he wasn't afraid, at least not for himself, he was more concerned with the safety of his employees and his customers. He'd been on deployment in the army almost since he finished med school, he'd invaded Afghanistan, taken out a never ending parade of hostiles that were bent on killing him or taking him hostage because he was a doctor on the front lines. He had performed abdominal surgery and a leg amputation on the floor of a helicopter on a nineteen year old kid they were trying to transport to Camp Bastion after he had stepped on an IED, he'd held the hands of countrymen as they bled out in his arms, and always fulfilled their last requests when he told their loved ones face to face what their soldiers last words had been whenever he returned to England on leave. He'd survived a helicopter crash unharmed into extremely hostile territory after the rotor was taken out by a surface to air missile, and had gotten the gear and two injured survivors out, one of which was his commanding officer who he had carried on his back for a total of three kilometers until they finally found shelter in a cave where they had to wait for two days on limited provisions until they could be rescued. He'd taken out a group of ten Taliban by himself in order to protect them when they had been discovered by a patrol, and used the dead men's clothes as bandages and disguises in order to make it to the extraction point alive. Both men had lived. He had survived through two miracle shots that should have killed him and the complete loss of the life he thought he would stay in for at least fifteen more years. A pushy restaurant could not scare him.
“Honestly, chasing down ruffians while in Armani.” He tsked, rubbing at a smudge of dirt on Moran's cheek with a serviette. “You always play so rough Sebby.”
It was basic animal instinct to seek out the strongest ones for protection, and it was something the primal brain was acutely tuned for even without conscious thought. Anyone could stand in a small crowd of people and with just a casual glance pick out the strongest and the weakest ones in the group, the longer you remained the better the distinctions would become until there was a distinct pecking order, no matter how loosely formed. Four people in that room had been trained to be the very protectors everyone else would have been looking for, and yet none of them had been spotted or began to form a group of their own? Why? They were already used to dangerous, life threatening situations. They would have been able to recognize that same spark in each other in seconds, and yet DAYS had gone by without them banding together? What was missing? It had to be something small but important.
"Known him for nearly ten years now, and I can honestly say that's the only kind and considerate thing he's ever said to anybody that wasn't  complete shite because he was after something. Congrats mate, I think you've just proved that Sherlock Holmes has a heart in there somewhere. Never thought I'd see the day he'd show it. Ta." John barely managed to nod towards Lestrade as he left, but afterwards he sat down in the chair Sherlock had occupied. It took him another minute or so to see that Lestrade had left twenty-five pounds on the table and he realized they had been going to split the check. For some reason that made him laugh. He had been fond of Sherlock for awhile now, it was rather nice to know the man liked him too. He gathered the money, went and locked the door, set the alarm, turned off all but two lights, and then went to wipe down the table and chairs. There was a small notepad and biro Lestrade had forgotten on the table. It was open to a page.
"Are you serious?"
"Browning."
“J-John!”
Lestrade shook his head. "No mate, he's serious. Mycroft is terrifying. I had known Sherlock for over a year and I didn't even know anything about the man's existence until he kidnapped me the first time I let Sherlock in on a case. He knew everything about my entire life, my family, even all of my girlfriends from back in 2nd form. Told me not to let Sherlock get in over his head or let anything happen to him while under my watch or else. Frankly I am rather shocked he hasn't given you the standard kidnapping and 5th degree treatment too."
"Poached eggs, seven grain toast, bacon extra crispy and blotted, sausage, blood sausage, breakfast potatoes, beans, mushrooms, and grilled tomatoes?"
"Yeah, first two in the room."
Nathan Cornwall's crime scene pictures were up and the added puzzle piece finally clicked. A twenty-four year old military man obviously just back on leave, having been on three tours in the middle east, was wearing a polo with the Oxford University logo on it.
“Not concern myself- Mycroft this is my business! Anything that happens within it is very much my concern!”
“Well nothing conclusive that directly links them to the issues, nothing that I think could hold up in court, but yeah, I do, hang on.” He went and retrieved the evidence he'd been collecting as well as the neighborhood's value, and reports on the levels of crime in the surrounding areas, and the street map with marks and dates on it. “Just two years ago the crime rate in this neighborhood was one quarter what it is today, and it started to rise as soon as A Bientot opened, which could be a coincidence, except see here, each mark on this map is a restaurant that went under, and the date they did, the top number is the date they opened. And it's just the restaurants, all the other businesses are fine, and some of those places had been well established for decades, it's not like anything else has changed, the proof though is that any restaurant that has closed hasn't been replaced with another restaurant, anyone who had tried has been ran out immediately. See this one here on the corner, it had been a popular Indian restaurant that had been here thirty years, it was one of the first to fall, and it has been bought and sold six times since A Bientot opened. Nothing can survive there, except now, the owner of A Bientot, he's putting in a bid for the property so his son can start a business. Of course now, with how bad the reputation of it has become, this prime location is only half of what it was when the Indian restaurant was there. It's an extremely tactical move, almost like chess, drive the neighborhood down into dirt cheap prices, buy it all up, and then be the hero that saves the neighborhood. But they also don't let you know it's them, they are very quiet. I'm sorry Sherlock, I don't know why I didn't think to give you all of this before, you are a detective after all, you probably know exactly how to find that link.”
"Do you have any allergies or sensitivities to penicillin?
"I miss you, nothing new yet. I want to tell you that if you give in I will never forgive you, and to make the bastard work for it, but pointless works too. So go ahead, make him look like an idiot of you want to. And I promise I will eat later. I-I'm glad you're alright John."
"You better not be trying to butter me up because there are more holes in my walls Sherlock."
No, and honestly the fact they never went back to 'not kissing' afterward had also filled Sherlock with more emotions and feelings than he was technically comfortable admitting he had.
Sherlock belatedly realized he had sank down to his knees in relief. John was alright, he was alive, he could keep breathing because John was still alive. "John..." it sounded far more choked up and scared than he would have liked, but gods he couldn't even begin to describe how scared he'd been.
“I promise. And yes, I understand.”
Sherlock also managed to stay well out of it, not having wanted to make John any angrier at him. By the time the police were raiding Devin’s hideout, Sherlock was more than halfway to his family’s estate. John gave Sherlock exactly one day to soothe his mother, spoil his niece, and to also punch Mycroft, before they finally sat down to have a lengthy and serious talk.
Evidence was the most important thing. People could say anything, but it was the PROOF people actually needed in order to see who was telling the truth.
"If you test the victims insulin and adrenaline levels, then check for steroids, THC, and LSD, you will save your department a lot of time and money." Sherlock, who was examining him like he was under a microscope, stated as if he were merely commenting on the weather, before he pulled on his coat.
He doesn't even notice until pain mixes with the pleasure and somehow makes it even better, that John is kissing and licking at the marks on his hips and Sherlock arches, head spinning. It takes ages for John to literally cover every inch of his body with tender strokes and gentle lips, and by the end of it Sherlock is so close to crying that he's had to cover his eyes with the crook of his arm. There isn't a spot on him that hasn't been absolutely loved by John, and he's hard as marble and yet even as John takes his cock into that skillful hand and with a few strokes has Sherlock cumming so hard the edges of his vision blank out, cumming isn't the best part.
"Fruit, and perhaps just a small side, if you have it."
And Sherlock felt frozen. No. NononononoNO! He hated his brain as it made another connection that he hadn't considered.
"I was nearby. How long ago did you find him and what is his condition?"
"Remind me to punch Mycroft when this is all over. Do you have oxygen, basic vitamins and minerals? Blood or plasma?"
“The Holmes personality is extremely analytical like that, it's based entirely on logic and rational thinking, not letting emotion come into play very much, if at all. Our father was a very cold man, not cruel, at least not intentionally, but he was ruthless in business, and so sharp and assessing I used to believe his eyes could cut you to your soul, and it was not a painless cut. Our grandfather was the same. You think Sherlock has sharp eyes, they are a kittens' when compared to our fathers' or grandfathers', in fact the trait has been a Holmes family point of pride for more generations then I can readily name. It was cultured in our family line like some would cultivate a rare orchid. Needless to say I was a great disappointment to our father, my personality takes much after mothers' side of the family, though I am very shrewd in business, he considered my eyes to be far too soft. Mycroft has them, and so does Sherlock, the trait honed itself sharper with each child our mother had. While Mycroft is more cunning, he can at least still function in society and understand people, Sherlock wasn't so lucky. He is a Holmes down to his soul, and that has always been very problematic for him in realizing that not only do his actions have consequences, but that those consequences can be more than physical. Emotions are very hard for Sherlock to understand or deal with, at least when they're his own. While he's a genius in other areas, he's pretty much a child emotionally. So when he does things that hurt people emotionally, he's usually not aware of it.”
Whatever reaction Sherringford had been expecting from John, he doesn't get it. John's fists clench momentarily and he takes a few deep breaths before shaking his head in what appears to be self depreciating amusement, relaxes his shoulders and his fists and finally sighs heavily, closing his eyes for a moment before releasing his clenched fist.
Awhile later an incoming message chimed letting them know that the escort had arrived with John. He finished the last swallow of his brandy, stood up and straightened his suit, picked up the file from the woman by the door and walked out of the room.
"I'm afraid of myself." John admits, even though he doesn't want to, and then his heart is shattered anew as his beautiful Sherlock, the one he hurt, and forced, and practically raped holds out his hand to him.
Sherlock had no answer for that.
"Why did you have him try to move his toes if you believe him to be paralyzed?"
"Oh it's good to finally meet you Doctor Watson, I was beginning to think Sherlock had invented you!"
John swallowed and nodded. Jim was a shrewd business man, and right now, he looked like a shark that had scented blood in the water, and perverse of a thought though it was, John was exceedingly glad that it wasn't his.
That made his blood boil. He wasn't some errant child who needed constant watching anymore, and even if he did, he had John now, who watched over him and protected him better than Mycroft ever had. But even more than that, John was HIS. He was the only one who had the right to end Sherlock's life or put a restraint on him in any way, because he trusted John, loved John, he NEEDED John, and Mycroft in his pompous arrogance had nearly taken him away.
Mycroft chuckled.
"Yes, and I assume you were the closest surgeon who had clearance. Welcome to Iron Town. This really is an emergency, we have sterile facilities and some basic surgical equipment, but we only specialize in minor surgical placement and recovery of microchip data hidden in the subcutaneous tissues of our operatives, things that usually wouldn't even require full anesthesia most times. I don't think Mr. Holmes understands the fact that just because you are a medical doctor who works somewhere with an operating theater, doesn't mean that you and the facility are qualified or ready for any emergency that comes up, especially one like this. The medical staff here consists of myself, four lieutenants, and a second lieutenant they are all RN's. I'm the most highly trained here, since I am a doctor, but I'm locum work, emergency first aide, A&E at most, not trauma ward, and definitely not something this seriously advanced. We are a Military Black Ops information base, not a medical facility designed to handle this sort of thing, but we are the only secure base with any medical facilities that we could get him to immediately. We will assist you however we can, but guess who gets to beat back Death and order around a superior officer today?"
Mycroft called his assistant and five minutes later he received notification alerts that there was a transport van and escort, a helicopter prepped and cleared to take off when ordered, and that all other details were ready. Mycroft gave the go ahead and set his phone to silently send everything directly to voicemail.
want a copy of the surgery, just because half of it is a blur because I was running on adrenaline and coffee at the time and also because I know that Carl Greenburg and Michael Wheaton did some amazing work that I would love to take a better look at. They would probably love copies too, if only to convince themselves they actually did a surgery like that. You cut through all the red tape that would have kept us from saving him, you kept the window open and gave us what we needed. You saved his life Mycroft, feel proud about it."
“Mike, how many times have I told you? 'Manipulation bad, Communication good'. It's not that hard of a concept. You don't have to manipulate the entire world and everything in it in order for things to run smoothly. Yes it's good that John knows the truth now and can fix things, but their relationship is none of your business and is not yours to meddle with. Once you can breathe again, the first thing you are doing is getting the cameras out of their flat and you are going to put it in notarized and witnessed writing that you are never going to do it again. The second thing you are going to do is come up with a way to sincerely apologize to John AND Sherlock, and then you will have two hours to make the arrangements needed for the world to run without you for the rest of your stay before turning over every last one of your electronics because you will not be needing them. You're going on a technology blackout and you will comply quietly or I will be forced to inform Mummy of the entire truth of the matter, and we both know you don't want that. Clear?”
"Hey, would you mind helping me with something?" John asked her quite seriously.
"I just want to take care of that shoulder, you'll have a time of it yourself."
“You aroused me. But it wasn't during a sexual moment. You gave me a sponge bath and it was the most erotic thing I can ever remember experiencing with you, and I needed to know if it was the exact circumstances, or that I was injured and being tended to by the one who had done it, or if it was the act itself, or the act itself performed by you, which had caused that effect.”
But twenty-five people had died, so he supposed that was something interesting even if later in the day would have been better timing, unless they had all been tediously killed, in which case he would never forgive the murderer for ruining his morning in bed.
Lestrade shook his head, wryly imagining an army of homeless armed with blackberry's, texting national and private secrets to their leader who was meticulously taking over the world.
Holiday sub. Slow roasted turkey served hot, and loaded with stuffing, cranberry sauce, mashed potatoes and turkey gravy. served with coleslaw, and a choice of side.
"I keep my airtight alibi with me at all times. Too bad yours has to keep running back home to his wife."
"D and T BO?"
And noticeably slower than Sherlock's usual flourishing trot through the door, but far faster than he had been moving last night, he leaves the room with his 'Consulting Detective' game face on and having determined the physical needs and desires of his body to be absolutely inconsequential for anything less than a bullet wound or a major broken bone until after the case was solved.
The next day Robert Fletcher was recovered to the point John felt fine about signing him over completely to Mark, Carl, and Michael's care, with strict orders for all four men to keep in touch, and the contact information of one of the best physiotherapists he knew in London.
“What? Why didn't you just ask?
into a million pieces simply from being touched like that.
When Sherlock holds onto him just that much tighter, when John can practically feel the man's thoughts start up in his head again, part of him wants to breathe a sigh of relief. It isn't natural to see Sherlock so still, to be able to look into his eyes and not have to try and wade through a constant storm of unending thoughts before finding and catching hold of whatever it is that the man is focusing on now.
________________________________________________________________
John stands up and pretends he doesn't notice Sherlock take a plaster, paracetamol, and the tube of zinc diaper rash cream (which is far gentler than the hemorrhoid ointment), before he closes the first aid kit and steps out of the room.
"Mycroft! Welcome home darling! Oh it has been much too long."
Up his neck, over his face, across his chest and then down his back, once with the soapy water, then the sponge without it, a light patting dry, and John’s lips following tenderly afterwards, gently, worshipfully kissing Sherlock's skin. Nothing rough or harsh was present in a single touch. Sherlock could hardly breathe, he had no idea how to even
"Nice to see you again Detective Inspector, Sherlock. It's rare to see you both twice in a single day, it must have been a good one then."
"Ahh I see. Well there are rules about that sort of stuff you know, there always is with the important things like that. To become a real princess, you have to marry a real prince, and Mycroft's not a real prince, and he won't be, unless he marries someone who is already a princess, and then he wouldn't be allowed to marry you to make you a princess at all I'm afraid. Though if he absolutely promised to make you a princess, then he's probably going to introduce you to a few princes when you grow up a bit to see if you fall madly in love with any of them."
John drops the plate he's washing back into the sink, but it thankfully doesn't break, even though he winces at the sound. Those words, sounding so puzzled, go right through him. If the world's only consulting detective, one of the most observant people on the planet can't come up with any sort of reasonable explanation for his actions, then what kind of defense could he possibly offer? He grips the edge of the sink in frustration.
"You told him to text you."
"We use a one tenth diluted solution in our tranquilizer darts, useful to put a threat down for three or four hours if you need to transport him."
"Freak. Think you can prove this one wasn't you too, do you?"
He knew them all, and employed most of them. Sherlock would have known exactly where they were just by turns and how long it would take them to get to each, but he couldn't do that. Eventually the van stopped and James shook his shoulder to wake him up, he popped one of the mints into his mouth that James had given him before Steve put a black cloth sack over his head. He tried to take his blanket with him but they made him leave it at the door they led him into, John knew it would most likely be back at home when he returned. He was ushered into a small room and through the little he could make out between the weave of the fabric, he was facing a one way mirror that reminded him of every single cop interrogation scene on telly he'd ever seen, but it wasn't near as funny when you had the sack over your head, were handcuffed to the chair, and had Steve the tank behind you.
Now you can't say I didn't warn you, so no complaints!
I LIIIIIIIIIVE! And so does this story, at least a bit. Sorry for the crazy delay but this story got super glue stuck. We aren't fully out of the woods yet, but I have managed to finish this one at least and am working on another. Please send all writers block destroyers my way.
"I'll have the chefs make a nice selection then, I get bored with just one thing, variety is the spice of life."
Mycroft knew that he himself was no better than Sherlock, though he did have an easier time of maintaining his condition through rigid, absolute, and complete control. Control of himself and his environment, the people around him, the events in his life, everything. He had systematically organized, compartmentalized, labeled, filed, and monitored everything in his world into beautiful order, leaving him holding an exquisitely entwined and complicated web of interconnected strings. He could pluck any number of any hundred thousand of those strings and know exactly the path the vibration would take, and all the strings it would touch along the way.
The ride lasted a good forty minutes at least and John never gave up the pretense of being anything other than asleep. Sherlock had taught him about a dozen little tricks to it: routinely make sure no part of your body is tense, take slow, deep breaths that you hold for about three seconds before exhaling, don't lay completely still but shift a bit every so often as if getting comfortable, if you are being moved and trying to gather information you can halfway open your eyes in a quick, fluttering eye movement for about a second or two after any kind of jostle, deep bump, or sharp turn.
you to do it.
"Why because I've actually listened to what you've been saying?"
Instead he brings Sherlock close, holds him tight, trying to let him know 'I will protect that however I can. I won't let anyone destroy the precious thing you just trusted me with, I'll even find a way to defend you from myself if I have to.' and Sherlock breathing gently as he rests his head on John's chest, seems to say 'alright' and John has no idea what to do with that level of trust, especially when he doesn't feel like he deserves any of it.
"No! John you aren't-"
John scrolled through the contacts and punched the call button on the one listed as BO. Two rings later there was a click.
So had this all just been a power play or had the pager had something to do with this? With all the available technology, why did Mycroft even still HAVE a pager? And if that had been a bluff John never wanted to play the man at poker.
"She's my Nan you know." Allyenda stated with much importance.
"Unless they trusted him for some reason. Could it be some kind of cult's mass suicide?"
"You're more than welcome. Let me know if you need a refill or anything else."
And he pushed through the two of them, shoving hard into John with his shoulder and near sending the shorter man falling down. Good. John hadn't denied a word of it after all, and he refused to be afraid of John.
It took twenty-four hours total before the last of the eighteen hundred and thirty-two stitches was in. Fletcher was stable but would most likely never walk again, in fact he probably had no feeling at all from the chest down, maybe from below the navel if he was lucky. He'd be in traction for several weeks and had lost a kidney, five feet of intestines, a large chunk of his liver, his testicles, and half of his penis, But he was alive and breathing on his own, and neural scans showed that his brain was still functioning at a normal level. A full body CT showed that the data chip had survived against all odds and John extracted it himself from the medial bicep of the right arm. He handed it directly to Davis who had come along specifically for the retrieval process and was gone again just as quickly.
"Twelve women, thirteen men, almost all had ID's on them, jewelry and wallets intact, ages range from twenty to thirty-six for the women, and twenty-four to forty for the men. No definite links as to why they might have been chosen, cause of deaths undetermined and that's mainly what I want from you right now, we can sort out the rest later. I need a cause of death, so I know whether this was a bio terrorist attack or something else. A profile of who we could start looking for might be nice too, but that's it for right now until I can get those hyenas to back off. We have taken photos and fingerprints and we don't know what was disturbed yet. We've got the kids who found them getting their prints run to rule them out, and taking DNA swabs as well to be safe. We don't know who else besides one of the kids parents tramped through here yet, but I'm dying for you to tell me who did so you give me a reason to haul them in for questioning and bully the snot out of them for as long as I'm allowed to."
Sherlock thought they all sounded good, but the cocoffee sounded very interesting.
Tom rolled his eyes in disgust and turned a volume control on the radio panel on the ceiling. Slow, droning, deep and somber orchestral music filled the back of the van for a few moments before it was viciously turned off again. John smiled.
"One of yours I take it."
Sherlock would have known better, but it wasn't Sherringford's fault, he didn't know John very well yet, and certainly not his tells. Sherlock knows that John is his most angry and deadly when he goes calm, especially when under stress. Mycroft would have known too, but he hadn't been there to observe the change. So neither brother is expecting it when John, calm and collected after politely requesting and getting his mobile back, punches Mycroft square in the nose at full strength with a very satisfying crunch that leaves the British Government sprawled out on the floor, broken nose absolutely gushing blood. He's very much tempted to follow him to the floor and keep pounding Mycroft into the ground, but that would undoubtedly result in Sherringford getting involved and John actually likes the man, not to mention that their mother was an absolutely lovely woman, and killing one or two of her children would most likely put a damper on her affections towards him. So he made the one punch really count.
Up and down over his arms, the tender swipes leaving slightly damp and scented areas in their wake that chilled quickly in the air, raising his skin in gooseflesh. The intimacy of John washing each of his hands tenderly one by one, then kissing the pads of each finger after they were dried, had Sherlock as hard as a rock.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, whose arms were shaking, and dragged him down onto his chest, neither caring that they were both a wrecked, sticky mess, and he just held Sherlock, and loved him, and hoped the brilliant man could somehow recognize even half of the love John felt for him.
"And smelling of fruit?"
(See the end of the chapter for
well, anything, set him at ease on how to approach this situation. "No I'm not, I'm your Uncle Sherlock's. My name's John, what's yours?"
Emotions and feelings and relationships weren't his thing, that's another way John had helped him, because he could give the perspective he couldn't understand. John was literally his heart, so how did he go about fixing the heart he'd injured when it didn't even know it had been hurt?
Therefore that wasn't his polo, and those weren't his clothes. Taking a look at all the other victims it began making sense. The fit was wrong, the styles, the fabrics, the wear, everything. Not a single one of them was wearing their own clothes he realized, and the conflicting pieces came together. They were all 'costumes' in a sense, each highly identifiable if you knew what to look for. A mother, a father, five 'relatives', three professors, six students, four professionals, possibly co-workers, four managers or bosses, and finally the girl.
The first words he's spoken since the encounter began, and Sherlock knows it's true. He knows John loves him, he knows John is sorry, and he knows that no matter the bruises attesting otherwise, John is not an abuser. He's known abusers of every type; physical, mental, sexual; criminals of the lowest sort, they get into their victims heads, twist things around, and press all the blame back on the victims, making them afraid to fight back or speak up so the abuse can continue in a never ending cycle. Not his John. Never his brave doctor. There is no transfer of blame, there is no mind games or false pretenses. No matter what happens when Sherlock manages to hit the buttons just right, John willingly takes full responsibility for his own actions and soldiers through the fallout and guilt with all the single mindedness of his position.
Lestrade at least knew better than to automatically assume, he had listened to what John had to say. So Sherlock had gone and stabbed Anderson's sidewall nearest the curb with his pocket knife, shoving a large piece of glass from a broken bottle into it to hide that he had done it. He had also put a screw in the front passenger tire that would slowly deflate it, and slightly dug a 3 inch nail into the other rear tire and braced it against the asphalt so that Anderson would back over it. The whole thing had taken less than two minutes. John however was already waiting for him to go home.
His stomach dropped. How close had he come to getting John killed for something he had started? His fingers were shaking as he typed two words:
Amanda Addlesby age 20 from Kensington
"I have to admit, John, that I have been rather... disappointed in you of late. I had thought my previous actions had been enough to impart upon you what I was expecting from you. For your sake I have buried three counts of murder, two counts of manslaughter, illegal possession of a firearm, illegal possession and acquisition of ammunition, multiple counts of discharging an illegal firearm in public, breaking and entering, theft, destruction of antiquities and public property, assisting in the deaths of foreign intelligence, fraudulent impersonation to gain access to a top-secret government facility, an ASBO, disturbing the peace, and several other charges that happen to accrue when one takes up to running around after my brother. I made everything go away John, no jail time, not even any inquiries, made it legal for you to have your gun, got you a promotion, made sure you would still get your pension, made it so no authority save the Queen herself could stop you from doing what I asked you to do. And I only asked you to do ONE thing John, do you remember what that is?"
John shook his head, well he hadn't HIT him, that much was true. "No, I didn't hit him. It... it really did happen during sex, on accident, things got a bit carried away."
known about what was going on is because you
The cuffs around his wrists were released and John hesitantly rubbed the circulation back into his hands, Steve wasn't the most careful person with handcuffs.
He also has access to both medical grade pharmaceuticals and street drugs, considers himself terribly clever, and is very careful with how meticulously he chose his victims, so he would have profiled them and stalked or gotten close to them weeks before their disappearance. He will be someone who people would easily trust or be in a high level of authority, perhaps even a doctor turned bad. This is not his first kill, in fact it's probably not even his tenth kill. Go back for at least ten years and look for similar deaths that were ruled as suicides or natural causes, if they were ruled as murder then there was very little talk about it or it was scattered all over and at a great enough distance that they haven't been linked. This is supposed to be shocking to us. He's tired of not having the attention of the media or being credited for his work. He's looking for attention, so if you give it to him the deaths will either stop or he will step it up to get even more attention, depends on his motive for wanting it. Personally I would play up the bio-terrorist attack angle in the media because it will piss him off that you all missed his 'brilliance', otherwise it might be hard to get him to make a mistake because he's already so practiced. Meanwhile look for patterns in those other deaths and get back to me."
"Protect Sherlock."
"This coming from the man who completely buries himself in his work so that he doesn't have to try to maintain a social life with civilian people he can no longer relate to, and also has a legitimate ready at hand excuse to avoid his sibling. I believe that is called 'hypocrisy' John."
John chuckles, a weary look on his face as he pinches the bridge of his nose.
“Yes, quite. Turns out he'd been going for a birds' nest, he was quite livid over the fact it had not survived the fall intact.”
'Robert Fletcher' apparently wanted to live as much as everyone else wanted him to. He was stable enough for transport within thirty minutes and the chopper flew as fast as it could to Broomfield. Mark was waiting with a full team and even some of the most hardened nurses were looking rather green around the gills once they saw the extent of his injuries. John and Mark worked for twenty hours, with an assisting staff of ten and only taking two breaks a piece. It reminded him of the war, ignoring his own body in favor of saving the life before him.
Sherlock emerged with a pile of clothes in his arm, and made his own visit to the bathroom. He returned a few minutes later with his hair combed, and wearing a white shirt and a dark suit that made him look even slimmer than he usually did. John could never figure it out, but something about the cut also made him look more intelligent somehow. It was actually one of John's favorite suits on Sherlock, and even though he had never said a word about it to the man, he had a feeling that Sherlock most likely knew anyway.
“Wonderful, now it looks like you went and broke your nose, how fortunate that we have a skilled doctor on hand who can fix it for you while I get some flannels, pain killers, gauze, and ice.”
"Not likely, no. Small business owners rarely do, especially without enough staff to take over. Aside from the morning and evening chefs he only has three other workers, the blond girl on the weekday mornings, the Asian boy on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons, then all day during the weekends, and the brunette man who comes in on random evenings. He'd need a staff of at least two more full time employees to cover every shift without him being present daily, and he doesn't make the kind of revenue to justify such an expense, therefore, no days off. He most likely takes half days or afternoons off a few times a week to run errands and such."
Kissing John always flooded his brain with a slew of data that was familiar but somehow new every time. Taste, smell, touch, pressure, temperature, blushing, heat, lust, pheromones, teeth, tongue, saliva, JOHN. Sherlock craved that information, he could never get enough data. Nothing about John was ever going to be deleted from his hard drive, not ever. He was going to horde every single detail and fact he could get a hold of, because John was important, John was precious, John was everything. And now he had gone and mucked everything up with an experiment. Why were these unspoken rules so damned difficult to manage?
Mycroft sat in his office, having just gotten off the phone with his eldest brother, telling him they would be arriving in the next day or two and explaining the full situation to him. He was convinced more than ever that crossing John's string with Sherringford's could only calm things down and take a lot of the bite out of the eventual understanding of what had occurred. Sherringford would be an invaluable asset in this situation, he was the epitome of subtle strength and strong protection, proficient in the areas Mycroft was not, and he could handle emotional things far more delicately than Mycroft could.
"So you're a good doctor." She said, smiling with wide approval.
"Definitely, and Sherringford, takes after your father?"
"Try and  wiggle your right thumb, alright now your left thumb. Perfect. Can you feel my hand on your stomach?"
His body clenched tightly around the organ that was trying to drive him bodily into the ground, until Sherlock couldn't even move for a moment as John desperately tried to hold onto that wave of pleasure crashing through him. He kissed the lithe beauty that was fucking every single thought out of his head as deeply as he could, tongues battling as John rode out his orgasm, trying to suck the detective's tongue further down his throat, desperate to be claimed utterly. Sherlock continued to thrust and thrust, hard and deep, long after the doctor was spent, using John's body to satisfy his own needs and lust. Sherlock's hands grabbed his hips and slammed him harder and faster onto that glorious cock until finally Sherlock pressed inside and just held him there as he let out a guttural sound and came, not moving or breathing until he had spilled every drop inside of John.
Welcome to the Final chapter for this story. That's right, I finally found a way to finish this story after a truly ridiculous wait time. I last updated this in 2013. Yikes! I am SO sorry for the wait. If any of you are still around, I do hope that you enjoy this.
"He's still alive and can probably tell us who took him if he survives. Also it's highly unlikely they would have left him alive if they had obtained the information or truly believed that he had it on him to begin with. They don't want to be the ones at fault for starting a war, they want to blame us for it. This is Dr. Watson, brief him and get him to the patient, he's cleared to know everything, notify me when you know more."
"How is that when they don't know who you are and can't see your face Dr. Rumstead? You also don't exist so I doubt your name will come up. Erect a quarantine tent over them, and you have medical resources available. Draw blood, and give them shots of saline and vitamins, they'll never know the difference. You have them for up to two full days if you want, that is up to forty-eight hours of media silence, and if anyone else breaks the story before then you'll have another person who was in that room besides the blond woman in the purple suit. Here, give this to Anderson, have him put some on his gloves before he touches her, and makes sure he touches her hands. Don't look at me like that it's just powdered rose hips, common itching powder. It will give her a scare and probably teach her to go poking about things she shouldn't, and when you take their clothes and personal belongings before their decontamination shower you'll find the wallets of the two missing men in her pockets. And since they willingly surrendered their tapes you can check them for further evidence to see what else they tampered with. A high-powered magnet will ensure that her tape is unusable, or just insert a blank one. You're welcome." And with that Sherlock turned around and headed back into the building to view the crime scene.
And you want me to believe that the leading trauma hospital in Britain miraculously had an open operating theatre on short notice, along with almost immediately being able to recruit three of the best surgeons in the hospital and their fields to perform an over twenty hour, four person tandem emergency operation, spanning three specialized areas, and switched with no other surgeons until we finished just
"Lestrade says t' use the curtain before we go in."
John grinned. "Coming right up."
The man dug into his pocket and set down a small box and a slip of paper and Sherlock handed him a stack of five pound notes and a letter.
"I never thought a split cranium with multiple skull fractures, intracerebral hemorrhaging and bone shards in the brain matter would have ever been the lesser surgical job. You boys sure have your work cut out for you, if he lives this is a surgery for the history books, I hope you're recording it." Then set in on the head and brain surgery.
Individually sized mincemeat, pumpkin, apple, or autumn medley pies,
"He is? Wait, how did you know that?"
John was running back to the scrub room when he saw Mycroft in a small office typing on his computer. He flung open the door.
other divisions, other offices, local force, paramedics
Blushing and just desperate to get out of there, John hastily nodded his agreement and all but ran after Sherlock in his haste to get away from his embarrassment. Sherlock had gotten so ahead of him he couldn't even see him, and even when he made it to where Harcourt would be waiting to take them back, it was still a few moments before John spotted Sherlock, glowering spectacularly and tucking something into his pocket.
"No I think they were all murdered slowly over a period of several days on a killer cocktail that kept them so confused, weak, and sick they couldn't fight back. Obviously these are all people without a hugely caring family since your office hasn't been flooded with twenty-five missing person's reports over the past week. I also think the murderer watched it from beginning to end and probably administered some if not all of the injections himself."
*************************************
He threw open the doors of his mind palace and set his focus on every form of restraint and coercion he knew, searching for anything that could subdue those four beyond retaliation even though it ensured the deaths of not only themselves but all the other people they would have felt a need to protect.
He hadmore than doubled in body weight before he developed anorexia, and then lost weight so fast that his skin hung loose on him everywhere, including his face, arms, and neck, and had nearly died from starving himself to death. His bullies called him The Blob, Leatherface, and Melting Man, emotionally and physically torturing him until his self confidence was utterly destroyed. Even though he managed to get back up to a healthy weight and overcome the anorexia through forced therapy, he was still bullied severely even after changing schools.
"Hurt."
He adored kissing John, as he had found out that first night, when they had both been so close to dying at the hand of Moriarty. Sherlock had realized that John really was his heart, his conscience, and the man who was not only willing to kill for him, but would also willingly die by his side, and Sherlock just had to figure out WHY.
They were still for maybe half an hour before Sherlock insisted they get cleaned up and then tucked them into bed together since neither had gotten enough sleep the night before.
"There are injection marks on the stomach, consistent with insulin injections, but I'm not seeing marks older than a few days at most, and their fingers show no signs of frequent blood test-..." Sherlock felt his eyes go wide as his mind stopped its train of thought and switched to a different conclusion entirely. "Oh clever, clever little murderer aren't you? John, there are three diabetic techs on this team, get their blood monitors and tell them I will pay them back for the lances and test strips if I have to, but get them, now."
********************
"Tedious." He said taking five twenty pound notes from his wallet and standing up to face John as he put on his coat and scarf. "Whatever amount you are still holding onto in your safe I want you to regard as tips. I said I like giving away as much of my brother's money as possible so he can't rule me with it and I meant it. You might as well spend it, because I want you to stay around for a very long time and I will not stop doing exactly as I have done. This place quiets my mind John, I find peace here, and I enjoy your company. There's no greater compliment I can give than that." And with that he placed the money in John's hand, deliberately kissed John on the cheek, and made for the door with a hand raised in farewell and a call of "Evening!"John stood there stunned for a moment just clutching the bills in his hand and trying to process the fact a living whirlwind had just kissed him.
Then there was John Hamish Watson of the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers. If Mycroft had been given to believe in such things as Divine Providence, he would have suspected its hand in not only creating the man, but also in placing him directly into Sherlock's path. The connection was so instant, perfect, and absolute, that Mycroft had been suspicious in the extreme. He had dug so far down looking for skeletons in the man's closet he had almost hit oil. John was too perfect to be real, and Mycroft admits, if only to himself, how jealous he was that John could not only connect with his brother closer than he ever could, but that he was also able to quiet if not tame the tempestuous storm that was Sherlock Holmes. Then again Mycroft had never thought he be so relieved to get a report that John Watson had shot someone either.
And suddenly everything added up. The kidnapper had panicked, unused to such dreadful business as murder, he'd been unable to go through with his threat and finish the job, so she had been held alive for months so he could try to think of what to do, and she was just never reported missing. She had no relations to speak of, no close friends either, had worked from home, so no one to notice she had gone. Eventually she grew so sick that he killed her, he couldn't have taken her to a hospital, she would have talked, and besides the one bullet through her heart she had not otherwise been maltreated, so the kidnapper cared for her, but she couldn't be left alive, she could identify the one who had done it. That bullet was either to put her out of her misery or to cover their tracks when they couldn't make her give up the code to the safe, a code she had never known. She had not been kidnapped, beaten, and immediately killed last Saturday once the ransom wasn't delivered on time. The bereaved husband was lying! Sherlock had been so excited he had jumped up out of his seat and grabbed John by the shoulders "John you are brilliant! That solves the case! It's so obvious!"
"What else would you call it Sherlock? I may not have hit you with that mug, but it's still my fault you got that bruise and the ones that are hiding under your clothes, and all the others I've given you before! That's what intentionally hurting another person repeatedly is called, Sherlock, it's called abuse. So I'm not going to call them a liar when someone calls me on it! "
It didn't help matters that Greg had come in during the middle of it all and was looking at him with a confused and wary look on his face, and Sherlock seemed like he was about to go after Anderson in order to do something very foolish, but as he tried to follow Anderson back into the crime scene and possibly add Anderson's name onto the list of victims, John caught Sherlock's arm and held it firmly, not letting him pass, and his eyes begging the determined consulting detective to let it go. Now Sherlock was glaring at John with a look that he couldn't really determine the meaning of. If he had thought the man capable of feeling the emotion, he would have almost described it as shock. Sherlock finally backed down, snatched his scarf and hastily wrapped it around his neck, then turned to leave with a disgusted look on his face, a calling of 'Coming John?' and a dramatic flare of his coat as he stormed out the door. John was about to follow him when he was stopped by Greg catching hold of his wrist.
"Yeah, I doubt anything short of the entire planet losing electricity could shake that woman up. So, torture victim?"
John knew better than to fight with six armed men without knowing the whole story, and he was willing to deal with the situation as it occurred, so he calmly set about dressing himself, after all he was military, far more men than this had seen his arse naked before.
John smiled. “Several times, yes.”
One blink.
exposed to the drug without your brother's help, so I really
"Oh now Sherlock, surely you're exaggerating-"
Sorry for the wait, but house wide stomach flus are not conducive to writing. thank you for being patient.
It was very strange for him to view John the way he did, not as a waiter or even a business owner who thought himself to be slightly important because he had other people to order around. No, surprisingly Mycroft viewed John as a strange sort of equal, and actually did view him as important in some way he couldn't quite define. John was always polite, and was actually allowed to be on a first name basis with him, and did not defer to him as almost everyone else did. His power and influence, even unspoken, did not strike the same chord of diffidence or the wide physical berth people tended to give Mycroft, even if they didn't know who he was.
"Wouldn't hurt to bring a few people who aren't on the force as well, contacts, informants, a safe public place where they would feel secure in confiding in you without feeling trapped. My homeless network could keep this place busy open to close, but I doubt they would project the right image to keep other people coming through the door, though there is nothing preventing me from ordering things to hand out to them. Hot drinks make good compensation, especially with winter coming on again. I could bring Mrs. Hudson and she'll bring Mrs. Turner, and then before you know it all of their friends will decide this is the best place to come. She has a taste for quality, and likes returning to places that treat her well. I also think she would adore John."
"Are you mad? Why would I throw you out? I've told you before I'm not afraid of you!"
***********************
It was only an experiment, he had gotten a certain, completely unexpected reaction out of John once, and all he'd been trying to do was to duplicate the results, he couldn't let John know what he was going for, because to manipulate the variables would change the data and therefore the outcome, even if John had reacted in the desired way, and that just wasn't scientific. But what he hadn't considered is how everyone else would see it since they didn't know it was an experiment in reactions. They saw it as John losing control, John hurting him, abusing him, and that made Sherlock so ANGRY that anyone could even think for one second that John had it in him to be abusive.
After John had set Mycroft's nose (though not very gently) and the man was sporting a nose splint and an ice pack because the Holmes' first aid kit really did have everything one could need, John started texting with Sherlock.
"DAVIS! I need a list of those hospitals NOW!"
It's no wonder he gets aroused, it's John, of course he does. And Sherlock guides John's hand down to palm him through his pajama bottoms. The man is hesitant for all of two seconds before he slips his hand inside and takes what Sherlock wants him to have. Neither of them even notice that the first sound Sherlock makes is actually one of pain from his bruised hips being touched. Warmth and strength and John are wrapped around him and yes it's so glorious, wonderful, perfect, there aren't enough adjectives in the world to describe it.
**********************
"In a week or less they were all intentionally starved to death. It's not possible for all of them to have naturally died of hunger in such a short amount of time, they were too healthy. Your murder weapon is insulin, laced with steroids, and possibly even adrenaline, LSD, and THC. He kept their bodies in an extremely heightened state of panic and need to consume energy, and then he didn't feed them, or if he did, he made sure there wasn't enough for everyone, in order to make them fight over it for his amusement. They didn't have high fat reserves to begin with, so their bodies would have begun burning muscle for energy as well, and if he didn't water them often, the ketoids from the fat and muscle burn built up higher and higher and resulted in the ketoacidosis. They would have all been desperate with thirst and hunger, the muscle pain and stomach cramps would have been unbearable, the headaches, nausea and confusion would have made it hard to fight back, a few of them, already doped up on steroids, became even more combative and started fighting each other, the lucky ones were knocked out, the unlucky ones slowly had their blood sugar keep dropping until they either seizured or their brains just shut down and slipped them into a coma until they just stopped breathing because their brain couldn't give the command. With how close together they died he knew exactly what he was doing. He also stayed to finish the job once they started dropping dead. Judging by the beard growth on the men, I'd say they were kept here for about five to six days before he finally let them die. It was a tortured way to do it, and he enjoyed that pain.
"Alright we will give you a more extensive test later when you have recovered more. Do you have any allergies that I need to know about?"
Seafood sampler. Why try and decide between your favorites? Choose any three to five smaller portioned classics as your starter: fried clams, calamari, scallops, crab cake, shrimp cocktail, oysters on the half shell, steamed mussels, or seafood chowder. You can include a fillet of baked or fried Dover sole for an additional charge.
"Fetch it. I hate to use it but it's the best we've got right now, not like he isn't already going to feel like shit if he wakes up anyway. Also add a unit of potassium, magnesium, A, B and C vitamins, iron, and calcium to his drip, start him on a round of general antibiotics, and give him a tetanus shot, his system doesn't need another thing to fight right now.
Lestrade just shook his head. "John, don't bother, seriously, he's not going to get it. Social conventions are beneath him and he did mean it. I'm currently the preventer of boredom, tolerated to a higher degree than most, and this is a step up from the masses, heck we are participating in a social activity together, that's practically unheard of, so let's not ruin the moment. As for me, my wife was very used to the fact I live on a 24 hour schedule, but the loneliness got to her and she cheated on me, finally left last year and took the kids with her. We're in the middle of divorce proceedings now. She'll probably win full custody with my schedule being so erratic and my job being so dangerous, I can't say that I blame her really, but I miss my kids."
"Mycroft, what are the approved hospitals we can transport this guy to?"
The man nodded and shuffled away again and back out onto the street.
"Because it makes me feel normal Mycroft, it's the one part of my life that still makes sense and I have some control over."
"Is he doing what I think he's doing?" Sherlock questioned in surprise.
"Major John H. Watson MD, Retired combat surgeon, personal bodyguard of Holmes the younger and apparent on call lackey for Holmes the elder."
His home consisted of a combined bedroom and living room with a kitchenette divided off by the built in table, a bathroom with the washer and dryer tucked away in a cupboard at one end, and a small closet that he had converted entirely into a library area for his books. It was small, and lonely, but it was his, utterly his, and he felt safe here
It was inconvenient that the agent was placed in a medically induced coma and put in Intensive Care Isolation, but John had assured him it was necessary and the best way to prevent complications from the head injury and subsequent brain surgery. Mycroft was also displeased that the man's jaw had been wired into a slightly open position to help aid his breathing and he probably wouldn't be able to talk. But he also had to admit he was impressed, he had seen an entirely different side to John H. Watson these past two days. First when they were at Iron Town and then once he got into the operating room. He had viewed the tapes from the surgery and was very comfortable describing what John and the other doctors had done an absolute miracle. He had seen the agent's injuries when he was being prepared for transport and could honestly declare that if he had ever found himself in such a state he would have either begged for death or found a way to end himself instead of even trying for surgery, and yet they had still found a way to keep the man alive.
"Alright, left leg is completely numb. Can you feel anything in the right leg?"
They stayed in a nearby hotel for several days, John taking in the sights, spending time with his friend and keeping a close watch on his patient, and Mycroft manipulating all of the strings he needed to in order to get what he could rolling without knowing the exact specifics. Everything was poised to strike, all he needed now was to know where to aim. As such it was a great relief when after the fourth day John informed him that their patient was out of the immediate danger zone, breathing fully on his own, and could be weaned off of the barbiturates that had been keeping him under. By day six he was off of them, and merely unconscious. The only thing left to determine was if his mind was still whole. They temporarily removed him from all painkillers so that he would wake up and they could determine his condition.
"Oxygen yes he's already on it, yes common vitamins and minerals, as well as antibiotics, a full spectrum of inoculations and immunizations, steroids, some sodium pentothal, and phenobarbital. No on blood or plasma, but we have IV's, tubes, bags, and a centrifuge."
Lestrade gave a fond chuckle and shake of his head, and Sherlock glanced at John as if perhaps he had lost his mind.
"You, get me suction and a bladder, you sutures and needle, and as much gauze as you can carry. Who is the best with blood work?"
to do it again. No more manipulations. I am your partner, not your bloody science experiment. Understand?”
John smiled as he cleaned up Sherlock while the man caught his breath, lightly chiding him for making such a mess of himself after John had
"I'm fine Love, though one or both of us owes your brother a punch in the face for busting into the flat and pointing guns at us, so don't be too cross with me if I get to him first if the opportunity presents itself alright? I miss you too, and my old surgery partner wants to meet you, he's somehow gotten the misguided notion into his head that I am a loose and wild living man and therefore believes you must be something quite extraordinary, which you are of course, if you've managed to tame me and keep me monogamous."
“Good. Why you like it and what caused you to like it don’t
"Two men about age thirty-five or so. No coats, no wallets, but their watches were still in place so we don't think they were robbed."
"Show me." He says, and knows that John will not refuse him.
Sherlock bows his head when he feels John's lips press between his shoulder blades in a tender kiss. If people really could 'kiss it all better' Sherlock wouldn't have a mark left on him anywhere the second John's lips pulled away. The marks he can still easily see on his wrists however attest to this not being the case. This is when Sherlock feels a lump in his throat, and a burning sensation behind his eyes, but he doesn't cry, he absolutely refuses to. That would destroy John for good.
Sherlock is quiet and doesn't make eye contact as he pushes himself up after John has backed away and begins to straighten his clothes as best he can.
That really shouldn't have been arousing to hear, especially in the position he was in, but dying by Sherlock's hand if things went too far, (and he was SO relieved to know that there WAS a too far,) John was surprisingly okay with that. He knew he shouldn't give in, he knew he had still been trying to make a point and that Sherlock was intentionally distracting him because Anderson had pissed him off. But this part of Sherlock he could interpret easily. If John wasn't going to let him assault the bastard then he had better shut up and distract the detective in other ways, ways that most likely involved him spreading his legs as Sherlock slipped between them in some form or another. The man had an uncanny ability of making his thoughts derail and making his mind go blank, and John, as always, followed Sherlock's lead.
Six hours later they had their answer. Mycroft and John were at the bedside waiting when Robert Fletcher woke up from the pain and though he couldn't scream, he still tried.
One blink.
Tea was a quiet affair, filled with small talk, and John marveling over the Garden Room, a huge three story glass greenhouse built on its own half of an acre, filled with flowering vines, climbing roses, and about a hundred different varieties of trees and flowers. There was a cluster of flowering fruit trees on a small hill in the middle of the space, a man made water feature that very gently ran water over flat stones to leave the current calm enough that the butterflies wouldn’t be harmed by it. It eventually flowed to fill a pond on the south side that narrowed into a small 'stream' winding through the place, watering all the plants. There were koi in the water, and John was given a small bucket and a scoop to toss pellets of food to them. It was Mrs. Holmes’ favorite place, and also where she kept her more endangered butterflies so they could fly, live, and breed peacefully. Four-hundred butterflies flitted merrily through the place, sipping nectar, tending the flowers, and making one feel as if perhaps they had suddenly found themselves in an enchanted world. There were also several hummingbird feeders set up, one very close to their table, and John got to enjoy tea while the little living jewels flitted by. He learned that she was a licensed butterfly conservationist, breeding, raising, protecting, and sometimes even releasing over eighty living species of butterfly back into their natural or reclaimed habitats, many of them endangered, a few of them even on the brink of extinction. She was quite passionate about the issue and was raising her grandson Tosland to follow in her footsteps.
"On the contrary, it is you who is coming here for a respite. I do believe I have mentioned the Holmes estate to you before, and since we were nearby, Mummy insisted on a visit. Her name is Violet Eloise Holmes, Marchioness of Essex, and the large man beside her is our eldest brother, Sherringford Holmes, Marquess of Essex. There is a bouquet of her favorite flowers in that box beside you that you can give to her. Welcome to Holmestead Groves Doctor Watson."
"I have a very good hunch, but I'll know for sure as soon as John comes back."
"Protect Sherlock."
Two hours later the food was gone, the clinic shut down, his two remaining staff members hoovered, wiped down tables and seats and collected their dishes along with the rest of the items going back to the kitchens. John emerged from the office and took off his lab coat to be put with the outgoing bag of linens near the door to be cleaned and sterilized.
They were led inside and Donovan as always, was guarding the tape, having been pulled from yet another tryst with Anderson. He couldn't fathom what she saw in the brainless moron. He pasted on the smile that always raised her hackles and walked straight towards her instead of further down closer to the crime scene. "Good Morning Sally, lovely day for a mass murder isn't it? Hope that three AM call didn't interrupt anything torrid."
I also had one from someone only going by M and the grammar and sentence structure was so bad I had to read through it 5 times before I even caught half a clue of what they were trying to say to me, but even though they made it pretty clear they won't be continuing with this story, and they are probably just a troll (Their wanton butchering of the English language certainly suggests so) I felt the need to reply anyway.
"Perfect. I know the meds have left you drowsy and numb in some areas, and that the rest of you feels like hell. That's normal, I just need you to wiggle the toes on your left foot. Alright and now the right foot. Thank you. Now tell me if the areas I press on you can currently feel pain or pressure, it doesn't matter which, just once for 'yes' twice for 'no'.
"Well I see where Sherlock gets that ethereal quality from, your family didn't dabble in gene splicing and human cloning did they?"
"Ah, yeah, that'll do it. Never was much of a fan of classical either, but my lover plays the violin, and made me a fan of at least that. He's really good at it, even composes his own songs. He doesn't think I've caught on to the fact that he plays right after I've found out he's stuck eyeballs in the olive jar again or has stashed another bag of thumbs or a head in the fridge. Last week it was some poor bloke's pelvis in the crisper, not the whole torso mind you, just the pelvis, and I winced in sympathy for the poor bugger. Skin and muscle still on and his bits and family jewels stuffed with wires and electrodes, sitting not three inches away from the celery. God only knows what he was up to with it, and is it sad to know I've gotten used to this sort of thing? I admit most of that posh culture stuff is able to bore me to tears, but him playing the violin, I like it, and it's something he doesn't do much for other people, so I kind of get to keep it all to myself. Though I'm seriously still debating on investing in a second fridge, the electric bill has to be worth the sanitation and health concerns I'd think."
? Not for a second, and never with his odds. Do you honestly think anyone would have gotten permission from the surgical director for something like that if it had been anyone else who originally only had a ten percent chance of surgical survival and he couldn't even consent? Never. That was all your own pull. Carl Greenburg was right, this was a surgery for the history books. What we did is not how it usually goes, it was an exception in every sense. If anyone saw the tapes, surgical teachers would be begging for copies. They could be used literally as recruitment videos for future surgeons, especially if the end had a clip saying he made it and showed a video of him alive and well. That kind of surgery made us look like superheroes. Hell
But the posh git had actually slugged him instead of having Steve bust his skull open. That was personal, Mycroft was pissed as hell if he was willing to get his hands dirty.
The door opened and Mycroft stepped out smoothly. John followed a second later, the box of flowers securely in his hand.
"I can break and dislocate your leg in less than three seconds in a way that it will NEVER heal properly, and know exactly how to snap your spine so that you will never do anything more than suck your meals through a straw for the rest of your life. You so much as twitch wrong and I will have no qualms about doing so and blaming it solely on my documented Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, and I am damned sure I will get away with it because you just struck an old woman with a brick in front of four police officers, a detective inspector, two CCTV cameras, and the world's best private detective. There won't be a jury in the world they can't convince that I did nothing more than squish a cockroach on the other side of town no matter what you say. Do you understand me?"
John fell asleep with the warmth of the blanket wrapped tightly around him and the feeling of Sherlock still carding his fingers through his hair.
Our hearty seasonal soups can also be served in a bread bowl, your choice of beef stew, seafood chowder, chicken and dumpling, butternut squash, chili, or vegetable. Bread choices are white, brown, rye, oat, or sourdough.
The tongue in John's mouth was sudden and possessive, and he had no choice but utter submission. He didn't even remember getting up the stairs, let alone pulling his jumper over his head, but he was definitely in their own flat and fully naked when he and Sherlock tumbled to the floor of the living room rutting against each other with such NEED that John could hardly stand it. He had no idea where Sherlock had found one of the full bottles of lube, but he didn't care as he held his legs wide open as Sherlock quickly slicked them both up and slid home, and John felt him so deep inside it was too much and yet never enough all at the same time, and even though it ached, he wanted more. Their pace was fast and hard and John didn't even notice he had been sobbing for a reason he couldn't have even named until he felt Sherlock wiping away the tears and carding his fingers through his hair and telling him it would be alright, even as he continued thrusting deep inside of John's body.
They had become daily regulars after that, and anytime he had a large meeting to go to over lunch, he always called ahead to order a catered lunch for all of them, and he always got compliments on the food. He sometimes also dropped by at the end of the day for a cup of tea and to chat with John for awhile, defragmenting from the day so he didn't have to take any part of his work home with him or to the Diogenes Club. John was an intelligent and up to date man who didn't just pay lip service but actually listened to what people had to say, but he was in no way a gossip, and that was a rare quality to find these days.
Seafood chowder- Our take on a Cullen Skink. Smoked haddock, scallops, and clams with onions and potatoes in a delicious cream broth. Served with fresh brown bread.
John was currently resting after enjoying his hard won success with the others who had saved the agent's life, and honestly Mycroft didn't think a group dinner at a nice restaurant was enough. Then again none of them were aware of who they had saved or what exactly had been stopped or recovered.
okay with that. I can't trust myself with you, and if I took that risk and you wound up hurt again, hurt because of me, it would destroy me Sherlock, that much I can promise you.
Still not wanting to talk, or really move at all, they both drift off, thinking it will only be for a few moments, but both fall deep into dreams. They are roused about six in the morning with both of their mobiles going off like crazy with texts and calls alike at the same time. There's only one thing that can possibly mean and Sherlocks' eyes snap wide open and the hunger of the chase fills them as he goes for his phone on the bedside table. John can't blame the man, it's been nearly two weeks since their last case and the man has been insufferable in the interim.
Why was someone so simple also so extraordinary, loyal, and full of surprises? And then he'd seen it clear as day in John's eyes, he loved Sherlock. John couldn't care less what kind of love it was or if it would ever be reciprocated or not, John loved him and would go to the ends of the earth and back again for him. (Sherlock had even tested the theory later on to confirm. John had traipsed half the globe in 4 days collecting evidence from 12 different places for him and had smiled for 5 whole minutes after Sherlock had greeted him at the door and sat him down with a cup of tea and a very uncharacteristic shoulder squeeze, before grabbing up the evidence and texting Lestrade he had everything needed to put the perpetrator away.)
"Coming right up. Will you be having a take away lunch order as well?"
Sebastian snorted. “Nothing. By midnight? Everything.”
For all the Holmes' brilliance was a useful thing, it was also a double-sided blade that could turn on its owner instantly or was accompanied by crippling side effects in some form or another. Even as a child anything that wasn't rational, logical, had a direct impact on his life, or was able to be quantifiably measured, tested, and irrevocably proven, Sherlock had dismissed as entirely unimportant. Unfortunately that had included several things that most people considered basic human characteristics, such as friendships, emotions, morals, boundaries, restraint, attachments, and 'sentiment' of any kind.
John injected the first half and smiled at the man whose eyes looked scared as well as full of pain. Sympathy not Empathy, he knew he shouldn't get emotionally attached to his patients, but even so, he was a compassionate man and this guy had been through Hell. How wrong could a little compassion go? He leaned a bit closer and kept his voice low enough to not carry.
It was a very small group of people who came to John after hours, about twenty-five at most, mainly because it was late and beds at the shelters filled up rather early in the colder months. Several others who didn't seek the shelters were already asleep wherever they could curl up for the night, or wandering the streets believing it to be safer to sleep during the day. It was long past hours for soup kitchens to be open, and it was obvious that John's shop wasn't making more food, just giving whatever they had left. John wasn't a rich man, in fact it was probably hard for him to stay open at all with how little business he did, but he still cared enough to try to help whoever he could with whatever he had.
"That's what intentionally hurting another person repeatedly is called, Sherlock, it's called abuse."
"The only one who might notice my absence is my landlady, but she is very used to me being gone at all hours for work, so it would be several days if not weeks before she began to worry. My nosy brother and his tediously infinite spy network on the other hand tails my every move through the CCTV, so he of course knows exactly where I am, and other than that, I do not have friends."
.-.-.-.-.
do without thinking, is that he lets you do it, or more accurately, he
"Someone trying to do a Six Squad Sunday all on his own, but he has a real shot if I can get help. He's a D and T BO looking at a minimum twelve hours of Emergency Surgery, and my orders are to save him no matter what. I'll be there as soon as I can get this chest wound stable. And get the best neurological surgeon you can find, orthopaedic surgeon too if you can manage it, and bribe them with whatever you have to in order to get them in that room as fast as possible, and I do mean ANYTHING. The window is small and we need all the miracle working help we can get."
word of mouth?
The case? Did John really think that he had given one single glance at the case when John had been missing and possibly dead at the hands of his own brother? He had been all over London searching for any possible lead about JOHN, not the mass murderer. And of course he hadn't eaten, he'd felt nauseous since he had woken up and John was gone. He had tried to make tea earlier so he could focus, but it had been wrong, all wrong because John hadn't been the one to make it, and then of course the cold tea had ended up tinting the wall. He'd have to replace the cup before John got back.
But Sherlock just can't resist poking open wounds. Because he doesn't want to wait, he wants it now.
"Very well, I will have your tea out to you in just a moment."
No, really, sex solves everything... but not in the way you're thinking.
"What do you think they were given?"
"Sounds lonely, for both of you."
"Not at all, and feel free to call me Violet. Come inside and get settled, then we will take tea in the Garden Room. I daresay if I know my boys they have been trying to have you sustain yourself on tea and air alone. Maisy is a wonderful cook, I'll have her bring some sandwiches round, what do you prefer? Our kitchen is stocked as if we were expecting a three year siege any day now."
I write for myself because I love to, and because I like to get my ideas down and share them after so many other writers have done the same for me. I enjoy feedback, especially positive, (what writer doesn't) but I don't care one whit if the reader actually likes a story I've written or not, since reading tastes are all highly different and I don't presume for a moment that I can please everyone. The only one I ever concern myself with disappointing is myself, and the only way for me to do that is to not write at all. I only post when I am satisfied with a chapter, and trust me I am a far harsher critic of my own work than anyone else can ever be.
"Well Lestrade certainly 'as 'is knickers in a twist, you should have seen 'im snapping orders, practically threw me keys at me 'ead when 'e told me to come and fetch you with lights on and not stop unless I didn't want me job anymore! Wouldn't 'appen to know what's gotten 'im so worked up would you? 'is face was plumb purple, and that's not like 'im a 'tall." Harcourt said, making eye contact through the rearview mirror.
“Just do it Sherlock. I forgive you, but I want your word, that from now on, if you like something we do, you will just
The other person that had caught his attention, Amanda Addlesby, was the one that had also caught Lestrade's. Not only had a twenty year old girl gone missing from Kensington without someone coming down to the Yard with a camera crew screaming bloody murder about it and waving hundreds of thousands of pounds as an incentive for her immediate safe return, but she was also younger than all of the others by at least four years, and was one of the most mutilated. That reeked of being singled out, of it being far more personal with her than any of the others. He needed to know more about her immediately, why was she the one that had caught the killer's interest or ire, who was she or did she remind him of? She may have been the intended target all along, after all the best place to hide a single body is in with a group of other bodies who were all killed in the exact same way.
Sherlock got a wicked look on his face. "I'll trade you siblings any day of the week John. My brother takes 'meddlesome' to a level that didn't exist until he invented it himself. I call it 'Mycroftian'. He took the idea of Big Brother from the book '1984' not as a warning, but as a brilliantly theorized reference guide that he then tried to expand upon and perfect the idea of. He's probably got this place bugged, wired, and under 24 hour surveillance just because I come here so often. Honestly I'm surprised he hasn't kidnapped you yet and offered you money to spy on me."
"Was it the whole group or the ones you were following?"
She shook her head no.
John returned a moment later with two of the glucose monitors and Sherlock grabbed one and tested the closest victim he could. The readings were unmistakable.
"John what the fuck are you bringing me?"
Warning now that the character of Mrs. Holmes was written LOOOONG before we saw her on the show, like I think I was first writing this while we waited for season 2, and then I kept writing in it during that giant hiatus before season 3, So Sherlock's parents were NOT remotely based on the show when I wrote them.
Five course Holiday feast. Start off with your choice of seasonal or daily soup and a fresh crisp salad followed by an entree of three thick slices of slow roasted turkey, (white and dark meat both available) and glazed ham, mashed potatoes, stuffing, and green bean casserole, comes with turkey gravy, cranberry sauce, and a bread basket. All this is followed with one of our desserts and an after dinner drink to finish your feast. vegetarian friendly options are also available upon request.
“She must have been held hostage for a very long time to get that sick, they weren't feeding her right. Her teeth, and nails, that's a classic sign of scurvy, had it at least a couple of months I'd say. Poor thing."
"They're perfectly wonderful, she'll love them."
And now it seems as if Sherlock had finally come to his senses, John had obviously said or done something that had been able to lead Sherlock's unceasing tangle of thoughts to the fact that what he was doing was wrong. Now it was all a matter of damage control, and Mycroft was VERY good at damage control, especially when it came to Sherlock.
“Mycroft? What is all this?”
"Not exactly, but you're close. Want to give it a try?"
Nathan Cornwall and Timothy MacDonald had been in the military, both active duty on leave. Timothy was most likely Army or Marines if he had to guess, due to the presence of gun callouses. Nathan however was a Royal Marine Commando according to the dagger tattoo on his right bicep, having recently come back from a third tour in the middle east, the dates of the first two having been thoughtfully tattooed below the dagger.
Anderson had work to do, and he needed to get lost in his work for a bit, he needed to feel strong and brave and useful in there, helping find the person who killed those people, collecting data and evidence to put them away for life.
contacts and informants
And it's officially a case fic now, god help me.
"It's a kind of doctor. When people have bad things wrong with their insides, I go in and take it out and fix it so that it can't hurt them anymore."
"Why did you stop me? Why wouldn't you let me go after that ignorant, pathetic, whimpering, whining, stupid, dunderheaded moron and make him take those dreadful words about you back? WHY? Why would you let him insinuate that you-"
“No John. You
John liked the order and control of running a business, and a restaurant was one of the more challenging businesses one could do. It made him feel like his life was in control too. He'd be running the books tomorrow, and he had a feeling the near two thousand pounds Sherlock had built up in the safe was going to come in very handy.
Mycroft left him there without another word and John was alone with the colonel.
Also, when I mention football in this chapter, please note that I mean what the rest of the world calls football, and what we Americans call soccer. America why do you insist on doing things differently just so you can seem different? It only confuses those of us who live here when we have to go other places. Gah this is like that metric system thing, I'm never going to get it. Reply to comments at the end.
Normal for him was in the heart of a life or death situation, or smack dab in the middle of the frenzied fray and getting his hands dirty. He was a combat surgeon and a damn good one, and he thrived under pressure and adrenaline. A man was still breathing today because he had been up to his elbows in viscera doing surgery instead of treating another case of strep, or writing out another script for cough syrup, and just like with the cane, he couldn't go back to it now.
He had fought them, the ones determined to rip John away from him forever, their hands and faces covered, uniforms pristine, two with guns ready, the rest to obtain their target, and he was fighting so hard one of them had actually let his hand off the gun, come over, and knocked him out with a rag of chloroform and a shot of something very fast acting, most likely a large dose of antihistamine judging by the effects. Nothing long lasting or damaging to his system, meaning they weren't allowed to hurt him, so definitely Mycroft. John was long gone by the time he woke up, they had left through the back door, but knew him far too well, the alley all the way down to the street on both sides had been scrubbed, in fact it was nearly immaculately clean. No witnesses or tire tracks, no evidence of which direction they went, though seven men, six heavily armed, and possibly one other driver and a secondary guard, indicated a van or a large commercial vehicle, most likely with no rear windows. It would have been unmarked and inconspicuous.
"It's called rough sex Anderson, you should try it sometime, it's highly liberating. I fought the handcuffs and clipped my own cheek with them, end of story."
(See the end of the chapter for
The chip had just been the proof that would hold up in court, including files, photos, audio and documents. This agent however had crucial information on their movements and whereabouts, hideouts, and weapons caches, as well as their base of operations. Losing him would set them back at least six months to a year in containing this situation and two years in neutralizing it. If he pulled through, and against all odds, recovered, John will have been personally responsible for having prevented a war, and taken major steps in helping them stop Moriarty. Mycroft would personally arrange for each of them to have an all expense paid vacation. He had already made a very generous contribution to the hospital as thanks for being so accommodating on such short notice, and his assistant was arranging thank you gifts for the nurses and techs.
"I'm sorry." He murmurs, and the words feel so completely inadequate to describe the feeling of utter regret he has, no matter how much he means it. Sherlock says nothing, doesn't even look at him or pretend he heard as he haltingly stands up with a slight hiss of pain as he holds his shoulder and slowly walks to the bathroom, trying to hide the slight limp in his step as he makes his way, before quietly shutting himself inside. John feels like his heart has been ripped out of his chest.
"Yes, keep the tab open."
Lestrade met them at the door and Sherlock could see that something about this case was getting to Lestrade already, something had hit home. "What can you tell me?" Sherlock questioned of Lestrade, trying to get the man to snap out of whatever place in his brain he'd gotten stuck in.
fresh baked pumpkin bread topped with pumpkin seeds.
Sherringford chuckled. “No, quite the contrary in fact. I know Sherlock better than most people, he doesn't get serious about people lightly, or take their feelings or opinions into account most times, so for him to actively do so with you, tells me more about how much he cares about you than anything else could. The fact he chose you to entrust with his heart tells me he thought long and hard about every angle and pathway and outcome, more than I can probably even imagine. My brother never does anything lightly, no matter how ridiculous or dangerous it may seem at the time, he always has a reason for doing everything, otherwise it's pointless to him and he doesn't bother doing it. I'm sure you've noticed.”
would you- Sherlock, I don't understand. What did I do?”
Sherlock had always been the most discordant string in his orchestra, as chaotic and unpredictable as a hurricane, to the point that even cleaning up Sherlock's messes had become perfected over time, and Mycroft did what he could to bring his brother's life into some semblance of sanity and order. The flat was covered, the bills paid for, his pin card always had a hefty sum available, the cupboards were constantly stocked with food and tea, a laundry service came by once a week, and a biohazard team scrubbed and re-stocked the makeshift laboratory once a week or after an experiment was finished.
The takeout arrived and he distractedly grabbed a box and some chopsticks, not caring what it was and began eating out of the carton, completely missing Mrs. Hudson's terrified look at the portable IV. He poured himself another cup of coffee and lay on the sofa to think. How could the killers have immobilized the key four without any retaliation, defensive marks, or signs of restraint? What could they have done to take all of them down at once without a fight? No evidence of explosives or excessive torture, nothing indicating anything besides acute forced starvation through drugs and the symptoms thereof. What was he missing?
being hit? Is that a thing for you?”
"Alright, make me your favorite flavor of Cocoffee, alcohol is fine if you like. Lestrade?"
The coffee had been some of the best he had ever tasted and the tea was one of the most comforting things he had ever tried. Sherlock had been by nearly religiously about four to five times a week ever since then. He'd come daily if it wasn't a black day or he wasn't too busy in the mad dash of discovering clues and facts and figuring out the mystery of it all. He had to come back, the place was just that good. His thoughts seemed to slow and grow focused and clearer around John, and John's presence didn't wear on him, in fact he enjoyed the unassuming little man's company, his quiet calming demeanor, the warm fuzzy jumpers concealing and contradicting a war hardened soldier who still kept in rigorous shape, the constant supply of fine tea and small nibbles, nothing too filling, but still let John feel like he was feeding him, and the way everything seemed to ease off his shoulders the moment Sherlock entered the door. He'd taken to telling John about his cases, and the man's eyes would always light up in the most wondrous delight, he'd sit down and join him on a short break, earnest praise and amazement always spilling forth, and Sherlock could tell that he was really listening to him talk about his cases, was truly impressed with him, which made him want to tell John even more.
Anderson POV
"Same address, stay there two more days, text me when they come back, and leave the letter on the doorknob."
“What do you mean?”
*********************
It's just a bit after noon and John moves slowly through the shop with a limp, more pronounced having set aside his cane to carry the tray, obviously he had had a busy morning. Sherlock of course has read nearly every detail of John's life from all the various clues and evidence scattered about his person that went unrecognized by anyone else. It had been over a year ago since he had first done it, yet Sherlock continued to read the signs and all the other new ones that appeared every time he came by. John's clues were welcome, familiar, and still endlessly fascinating for some reason Sherlock couldn't explain.
John at least was confused at what he knew to be true of himself and what he was doing. Sherlock once again hadn't thought John would ever consider himself capable of abuse, and thought the man had found some other logical explanation for what was happening when Sherlock made him lose his temper, but once again he realized just how differently he thought from the rest of the world.
"Tame you? Perish the thought, I would never even dream of it, you are at your best the way you are. I'd describe it more like having found a kindred spirit who keeps you so well satisfied that you aren't even tempted to look elsewhere. John, you could punch Mycroft a hundred times and I'd still encourage you to keep going."
John actually laughed. "We're the ones who were allowed to put the pieces back together in time, you're the one who saved his life. Like it or not, the practice of medicine is a business like any other, and businesses don't like bad numbers, or wasted cost of doctors and supplies, especially in the important areas like surgery, it makes them look bad. Robert Fletcher would have been a bad number no one would have bet on. If you had brought him in off the street they would have done something, but I guarantee you it wouldn't have been what we did. He would have died on the table 15 minutes in, from the first time he flatlined if they knew about his DNR or were just feeling merciful to the poor bastard. Otherwise they would have taken care of the most life threatening issues in order to stabilize him and then waited for approvals on other surgeries, most likely from his next of kin if he had any. His chances for survival of enduring multiple surgeries wasn't looking good, time was our worst enemy, we had a very small window where we had about a twenty percent chance of actually saving his life. To give him the best shot it had to be an all or nothing bet, otherwise he would have run out of time.
"Well you should be! There is something dark and vicious inside of me Sherlock, something that is threatening to destroy everything I want to protect and am charged with to keep safe. I know how to save you from almost everything else, but I don't know how to protect you from myself! I can't leave you, I can't.  I'm not strong enough. I've had to be near you since the day I met you because you have become as necessary as AIR to me Sherlock, and I can't just choose to stop breathing. You have to be the one to end it, because I never will, I could never do that. I don't know how to protect you from that dark thing inside of me, I don't know how to get rid of it, I can't figure out how to stop it, I don't even know why it's
When John had stopped him from going after Anderson he had been livid, and then when he had read John's face he had been horrified to realize that John had thought every word the little prick had said was true. He honestly believed that he was one of the number of those lowlifes who got off on controlling other people, insulting and hurting and breaking those of weaker and sometimes even better minds just so they wouldn't feel inferior. And that made him feel sick, because John was so far above that, John glowed like the Sun, miles above Sherlock. He was everything good, and warm, and wonderful in the world, and Sherlock had unknowingly convinced him that he was sewer trash.
And the British Government did.
"John, this is my mother, Violet Holmes, my eldest brother Sherringford, his son Tosland, and daughter Allyenda. Mother, Sherringford, this is Sherlock's John Watson."
"A favor for you, now come on before they try to make a break for it." He said and went back the way he came, John close beside him. Lestrade swore and suited up as well ordering some men around back of the barricade to keep the press in no matter what.
"Order them around the back of the barricade, block in the press and don't let them out. John grab that biosuit and put on a face mask, Lestrade you too." Sherlock put on the medical mask and a hair cap and started suiting up in the biohazard gear.
'Sorry Sherlock, I love you, I'll still be there even if you can't see me.'
“Very well, tactless it is. Did you know that Sherlock is trained in four different types of martial arts, as well as street fighting and boxing? He started as a way to defend himself from bullies and then got extremely interested in different forms for ahile. He's masterful at it, as he is with anything that catches his attention and he decides to pursue. He's won national championships. Wouldn't you say it's curious then when he has no qualms about taking out an opponent until they are broken or unconscious, that he doesn't raise a finger to stop you when you supposedly hurt him? He's not afraid of you, he could break you like a twig and he knows it, though it looks like you didn't. He repeatedly took down his instructor when he was twelve. I doubt you would give him much trouble, no matter how well they trained you in the army. So why then doesn't he stop you, if you are hurting him? He's not the type to get so emotionally dependent he'll let you have your way so you'll stay with him, he's not afraid of being alone, he's not afraid of standing up for himself no matter who it offends, and he's not afraid of you. The only logical answer left then, the only thing Sherlock
"What?"
One of the homeless people eventually noticed Sherlock and stood near the boundary of the lobby and dining room once he had finished his food. Sherlock gestured him over. "Spare change?" the man asked.
"I actually don't have a favorite Cocoffee flavor, I love them all, but it seemed to me that you would enjoy that one the most. I'm glad you like it."
**********************
Margaret Wileston age 34 from Cambridge
Having learned not to put anything past Mycroft, John had truly been more shocked at learning Sherlock was an Earl. He had known about the knighthood, Mycroft had been threatening Sherlock with a second one for as long as he had known him, but gentry, somehow that surprised him.
He must have been staring because when he looked up Sherlock was staring at him hard, studying, observing, seeing more than should be possible. He still winced at the plaster on Sherlock's cheek. "Sherlock, do you... I mean are you... bollocks... I can get you-"
Near the end of second form, the girl he’d had a crush on rejected him, she hadn't even been cruel about it, but that hadn't mattered to Devin. It seemed to be the last straw for him and the start of him getting extremely angry at the world and starting his murderous ways. He relentlessly stalked and killed each of the bullies, killing them with his insulin, so they would have a small taste of what it felt like for him. But they all just looked like accidental deaths. He had apparently enjoyed the feeling of power it gave him and from there on he branched out to anyone he had held a grudge against. His parents, his family, his teachers, his coworkers, his bosses, his therapists. After they were gone he had picked new victims that reminded him of them and he’d killed versions of them several times over, a few, like his bullies, as many as ten times.
Since all of Sherlock's physical needs were covered, it was a complete shock to Mycroft when Sherlock had started making inquiries about a flatmate. He could only conclude that it was a new experiment on how quickly he could drive someone out of their heads, and after the first three had all left in under a month, Mycroft had then had an extremely good laugh hearing Sherlock talking to Mike Stamford and saying he didn't know what the problem was, he must be a difficult man to find a flatmate for.
John had come over a minute later with two brown paper sacs along with their cheque and set one down in front of each of them. "As a doctor, I cannot condone the missing of two meals back to back for no other reason than you are too busy to sit down properly and eat something. Here, you can eat this anywhere, or even a little bit at a time whenever you can grab a minute if you are that busy. Each has a turkey sandwich with a serving of my special cranberry mustard, side salad with my house vinaigrette, hard boiled egg, apple, a few waxed cheeses, small fruit and yogurt parfait with granola, salt and vinegar crisps, fresh baked oatmeal biscuit, bottle of vitamin water, teabags of my house blend along with a cup, and a lunch packet of all the condiments and accompaniments you could possibly need, including cream and sugar. On the house today, and letting you know I have a takeaway cold bagged/ hot boxed lunch and afternoon tea menu, of which there are copies of inside. Never get so busy saving the world that you don't take care of yourself Mr. Holmes, or you won't be around to save it."
you think you were a threat to me. You could no sooner hurt me of your own free will than you could intentionally kill a kitten with your bare hands. Any time you have ever directly laid a hand on me it was due to the fact I directly provoked you into taking that specific action, otherwise it is completely beyond your comprehension to harm me in any way. I first realized it when we were dealing with Irene Adler and I asked you to hit me. You couldn't even imagine doing it until I overrode your higher thought processes in order to get the reaction I wanted. I practiced with it, experimented on you until I knew exactly how to provoke any reaction out of you that I wanted.”
He walked the perimeter one last time before turning out the rest of the downstairs lights, and moved the floating shelves near the pantry that hid the entrance to the office and the staircase to his own quarters which was behind another door on the far side. There were actually three safes, the first a tall slender black and red one with a combination lock standing in plain sight and bolted firmly into the foundation. It was where he kept the register drawer, some daily change, ledger, weekly paperwork and receipts, and had a strong box at the bottom for deposits, and that's where everyone thought he kept the money until it made it to the bank, he'd even make mid day deposits in there because it was a good place to keep extra cash and large bills until closing time. The second safe he'd had professionally installed in the wall, off to the side of the desk behind a modest picture of a beautiful beach view at sunset. That's where he actually kept the deposits, weekly change, Sherlock's over payments, and the chequebook. He put the money Sherlock and Lestrade had given him into it and then gradually made his way up the stairs to his flat.
John clicked the phone shut and handed it back to Mycroft who had his hand out waiting for it.
Sherlock sat on the floor for several minutes after John had hung up, just breathing deeply, making sure the world had righted itself and was once more going in the proper direction. His phone chimed with a text a moment later, it was Lestrade informing him that the toxicology reports on the first two victims, both males, were done as well as the autopsies, and he had emailed him the file, photos, and catalog of evidence so far, as well as everything they had on all the victims so far.
"Given the fact you understand the position you are in, you will accompany me for the foreseeable future. I have a few favors I need you to perform, nothing you would find distasteful Doctor, in fact I believe it will be work you will enjoy immensely. This is not a request, and arrangements will be made at the clinic for a substitute, though why you continue to try and work there is beyond me."
"I am type A Positive Sir" said a petite brunette with green eyes, one of the few people he hadn't given orders to yet.
“The abduction was mostly to wake Sherlock up even more to the seriousness of consequences, because he doesn't think things through, and he's supposed to care about you more than anyone else. I needed to remind him that if he's careless, that it's not just himself he has to worry about anymore. If he takes those kind of risks and missteps, especially without informing you of what he's doing so you can accurately judge and prepare, then he could lose a lot more than himself, he could lose you due to his own foolishness and he'd only have himself to blame.”
Things finally clicked back into their proper order. John was alive and fine, Mycroft would soon be punched, and the game was definitely on. Very well then. He placed a quick delivery order for copious amounts of Chinese food which would provide him with leftovers for days. He was determined to eat every last bite of it if it would appease John. He owed him that much for what he'd put him through. He left the money with Mrs. Hudson, and asked her to bring it up when it arrived, then dumped the pot of cold tea that he couldn't bring himself to drink, and instead set about making coffee. He knew sleep would be a long way off if he did manage it tonight, but he had ignored his body for over 24 hours and it was beginning to show, so he prepared a small IV bag of his thinking solution of a range of B's, D, K, and E vitamins, added some Zinc, Calcium, Potassium, Magnesium, a little Iron, beta carotene, lutein, and some taurine, which he attached to a saline drip, then attached the IV lines to his inner bicep where it would mostly be out of the way and set the drip on low then popped a few ginkgo biloba, St. John's wort, echinacea, spirulina, chlorella, and fish oil capsules. There, now John couldn't say he wasn't taking care of himself. He set up the portable IV pole and got to work.
Lestrade and Sherlock shared a Look. Sherlock's movements were always tailed to a degree, so why would Mycroft not have confronted John yet? Repeated contacts were always sized up, it was just the way of things, and now Mycroft was messing with the system, disturbing the proper order of the universe, and it was throwing him off.
When Sherlock was seven, he had questioned with complete seriousness, why their mother was crying, after he had gone after a bird's nest in the dead of winter, and had taken a rather nasty spill from a tree overlooking the pond and fallen through the ice when the branch had broken. Sherlock had come out of it with a broken leg, a broken arm, a cracked skull, and hypothermia, he had been lucky the gardener had seen it happen and was able to pull him out in time.
"Don't mind if I do." Sherlock replied.
"Alright. Goodnight John."
Too all anon reviewers, I don't mind if you want to stay anonymous for whatever reason you feel you need to, if I did I wouldn't accept anon reviews. But when you review, if you are going to harshly criticize, then at least be willing to admit that it is you so you don't look like a troll. Own your words! Be proud of your opinions, and don't be afraid to stand up and be counted apart from the mass of anons.
Lestrade walked in moments later with a bit of a grin on his face. "Anderson's getting down right vicious with that woman as he's poking her with needles. I think this is the first time you have ever made him happy with one of your stunts. She's itching like she's got fire ants down her shirt. Once we are done with her we're going to be carting her off for pickpocketing, stealing evidence, and tampering with a crime scene in front of all her media pals who aren't too happy at the moment. So what have you found in here so far?"
For reasons beyond his understanding Mycroft handed it over without another word.
********************
"WHAT?! He no less than called you an abusive lover straight to your FACE and you-"
So I had an Anon review last time that said the chapter was rushed and sloppy, and they would rather I take my time with my writing and that they were willing to wait a month for a good post instead of a weekend for a bad one. It also included a thinly veiled threat of  "I'll keep reading, but don't disappoint me" at the end, which I find highly amusing all on its own since I have never once written with the audience in mind, nor do I ever intend to.
John told them about Sherlock, and how he was absolutely smitten with the man. As well as the fact he was a mad genius that took pleasure in tormenting the Met and the Yard by waving their own obliviousness in their faces.
I used to be picked on all the time for how much I had to eat to stay healthy, or even have people tell me 'Eating all the time and not gaining weight isn't a disease, it's a gift! I'd do anything to have it! I could eat anything I wanted without worry!'
"Thank you John, but no. While stronger painkillers would help me one way, they also have the extremely annoying side effects of making me very uncoordinated and knocking me out for hours, especially opiates like hydrocodone and codine. They also slow my thought processes down considerably, which would not be beneficial to either of us right now. Perhaps later tonight before bed if I still need them."
"Why in the hell do you have phenobarbital?"
"Obviously."
"Yeah Sherlock, it's me. I wanted to let you know I was alright, especially after all of the dramatics. Are you alright? Did they hurt you?”
Chili- a rich meaty chili with beans, onions, and tomatoes slow cooked for four hours in our special blend of spices
When he had questioned Mycroft his only response had been "Merely a bit of house keeping little brother, you know how I dislike you leaving your broken toys and experiments scattered about. Consider this damage control, before you go hurting yourself even more."
Sherlock came over, rolling his eyes at Mycroft, and sat down at the table Sebastian, and therefore John, had claimed, which also happened to be where Jim was sitting. The little business man looked Sebastian over, checking his knuckles, and seeing if there were any stains or tears in his suit.
"Probably grateful that he's unconscious, the poor bastard. I'm going to go with critical, since he's having trouble breathing on his own, he has a sucking chest wound, and we had to resuscitate him once already. He fell off our radar nearly two weeks ago then popped up again just a few hours back with his emergency GPS activated. We were the closest secure location, and I would seriously recommend transport if I already knew he probably wouldn't make it that long without some sort of stabilizing treatment first. Code name Peregrine, Aliases Robert Fletcher or Robert Blackhawk, given name so classified even I'm not allowed to know it, 35 year old male, 178 centimeters, 95 Kilos and in really bad shape. No known allergies, or pre-existing medical conditions, blood type A positive.
Mrs. Hudson must not have been home because he had barely closed the front door when Sherlock let loose and pinned John back against the wall.
No abuser in the world would pass up that kind of opportunity, and it's just further proof of his belief in John when the Brave Doctor just holds him, cards his fingers through his hair, and doesn't speak, merely places a few kisses against his hair. John says nothing, does nothing, until Sherlock is in control of himself once more. That's the best part, when he knows utterly and without the slightest doubt, that John cares for him exactly as he is, and that even when given the power to do so, there is nothing he would truly change about Sherlock. There is no force on earth strong enough to make him give this up.
"John Watson, do you prefer to be addressed as 'Captain' or 'Doctor', John? I'd like for you to meet Mrs. Martha Hudson. One of the finest women I have ever met."
"He must have his reasons."
When it was just him sitting with Sebastian and James, he finally saw the dark, fierce look in Jim's eye.
"He's a soldier and a doctor, of course you'd feel safe around him, he's doubly trained to keep people alive and out of harms way."
“Alright.”
"I only asked you to do ONE thing John, do you remember what that is?"
(See the end of the chapter for
One by one the grumbling reporters and cameramen set their equipment down at Lestrade's feet and followed John to an open area off to the side where chairs were able to be set up completely away from the rest of the activity.
“I think it's a beautiful manor, and I think any child who gets to grow up here is very fortunate indeed, getting to run around and explore to their hearts content with a head full of imagination. It's like it's own private little world.”
"Do you still love me John?" And he knows the answer, of course he knows the answer. John is an open book, who has always worn his heart on his sleeve, but still, there is something about the man saying it that he can never hear enough of. Those fingers card through his hair, gently massaging his scalp, and warm lips press against the top of his head as his John holds him tight.
It was right then that the first person came through the door, a man who could have once been very large, dressed in several layers of dirty, discarded t-shirts. Lestrade finally got it. John donated what was left at the end of each day to the homeless, business wise he got to write it off as charity instead of just throwing it out, and he opened a small free clinic, with medical undergraduates interning as assistants to him, getting practice with the basics of locum work, under a veteran doctor's watchful eye, and getting paid hours as servers in the restaurant without having to commute or work around the doctor's schedule.
"That sounds like a marvelous idea, very smart of you. Though don't rush anything, marrying is a very serious grown up thing to do, and you can't take growing up back once you've gone and done it, so always make sure you are absolutely positive about wanting to do a grown up thing before you go and do it, because you can't take them back, and each one makes you grow up a bit more, until before you know it you are all grown up and there's nothing at all to be done about it. And I'll tell you a secret: almost all grown ups, wish they could be children again for a little while, so you should enjoy it while you can."
Hot Holiday Punch: Apple, Cranberry, and Pear cider mulled with orange slices and spices.
John immediately stepped forward and placed a comforting hand on the agents head. "Relax soldier, you're safe now, we've got you back and you are wounded but you are going to live. Just blink once for yes and twice for no. Can you understand what I'm saying soldier?”
Sherlock stood staring at him wide-eyed for a split second and then Sherlock's hands were gripping his hair and Sherlock's lips were on his own, rough, and fierce, and demanding, and part of John wanted to cry. He had absolutely no right to love this man as much as he did.
"No I highly doubt any of them were diabetic at all. Besides being obviously dead the victims are all in the peak of health; fit, active, and very low body fat. They are also, as society would declare them, attractive. Insulin dependent diabetics are very prone to weight gain and swollen ankles even if rigorously maintained. Going without their shots for a few days would cause them to have very high levels of blood glucose since their bodies can't produce enough insulin to digest it. They would have gotten sick, possibly even hit coma status if they were bad enough, a few of them might have had their blood sugar drop, but that isn't the case here. They have all bottomed out, with the signs of extreme hypoglycemia and ketoacidosis, everywhere."
"Was it the red, the black, or the orange?"
"It's Larea today, nice to see you John. I would like the pick four fresh start breakfast, croissant un-toasted, with whipped butter and honey, a fruit and yogurt parfait with strawberry yogurt, soft boiled eggs, oatmeal with brown sugar and cinnamon, and to drink I will have an orange juice and a pot of English breakfast."
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
*********************
Or I woke up earlier than I had thought I would and decided to post this now instead of days from now. Because I love you all. And now I have to get to work making a FABULOUS lasagne with sauce that takes 5 hours to slow cook. ^_^
“Oh, Johnny-boy, for you, I'll do it for free.”
"Will you please lower your cameras, and turn off your video? I think all of you have taken sufficient pictures of me for the moment, and I would like to see who I'm talking to. I don't mind being on record, but I doubt what I have to say will be anything you want to report on just now anyway, so I'd rather not waste your tape. Thank you. We are in no way trying to silence the press, let me make that quite clear right now, but I doubt this is anything that any of you will want to talk about, so I thought we could just keep it between us. First of all has anyone left since you arrived, are we missing anybody? Good that makes my job a whole lot easier. My name is Doctor Riley Westfield, and I'm sorry to say that some journalists eager to catch a scoop on this story made use of the crime scene for their own purposes before the site was contained. The morality and legality of such a thing not withstanding, and something I personally couldn't care less about, we have reason to believe that this may have been a biological terrorist attack. Therefore these people have not only exposed themselves to the same deadly mutated pathogens which claimed the lives of the victims, but since you are all standing in a group, they could still be passing it on to the rest of you as we speak. Everyone present has to be placed under a mandatory quarantine for the next twenty-four to forty-eight hours depending on what we find, and we will be running tests to make sure you are alright and not carriers. Your equipment will be taken and cleaned and returned to you as soon as possible. We also discovered high concentrations of radiation but not yet the source, so this place might have been used as an illegal dumping ground for nuclear waste, we don't know yet but will keep you informed, so please tell someone immediately if you begin to experience signs of nausea, headache, or skin irritation. If you would please leave your equipment here with Doctor Rumstead and then follow my associate Dr. Hamish, we will get everybody situated and comfortable as soon as possible."
anyway? Why did you want me to hit you, hurt you? I don't get it, do you
you are a threat to me because I
Two blinks
It looked like he was planning a party or something. Well he should be by in the next couple of days or so, he could return it then. John made sure everything was neat, in place, and ready for tomorrow, the cooler had all doughs prepped and ready on trays, chicken and beef marinating in their stocks in the fridge, vegetables clean and prepped, dairy still fresh. The pantry was organized and taken stock of, and the list of items to order was made, then printed up three new recipes he wanted the chefs to make for testing purposes.
"You still at Broomfield?"
He couldn't see it, but John knew that Sherlock was rolling his eyes in annoyance. He knew that Sherlock was already in 'Consulting Detective Mode' and that last nights episode was the absolute last thing on his mind right now, but John couldn't switch over his brain so easily. He was a doctor first and foremost and then he was an Army Doctor after that. He wanted to ask if the man was alright, if... if he was in pain or not because he had a small stash of painkillers left over from their repeated trips to the A&E. They were quite a bit stronger than paracetamol, and he kept them locked up and hidden so Sherlock wouldn't become tempted and wind up taking them all in a fit of boredom, but he didn't know how to ask. The peace was so tenuous, the incident so new. It didn't usually happen this fast. Sherlock normally didn't get up the nerve to say anything to him the first few days, and avoided his presence except when absolutely necessary. John didn't know if the switch was because Sherlock genuinely didn't fear him and was just in an extremely forgiving mood, or worse, he was becoming acclimated and adjusted to the situation. John sincerely hoped it was the first one.
John's mind screams,
"You continuously surprise me Doctor."
Dishes forgotten, he turns towards the man whose eyes he can't bring himself to meet right now.
"No, I'm a surgeon, do you know what that is?"
John worked his way down over Sherlock’s abs and then each individual leg slowly, as though he had all the time in the world to do so and that Sherlock wasn’t
So part of this was a bit of a rant to people who always said they wished they had my hypoglycemia and will most likely never read this, but it makes me feel better anyway. Plus you write what you know, and I know this would be a terrible way to go.
Turkey salad- Tender brined turkey breast over romaine and red lettuce with cranberries and roasted walnuts, and served with a Dijon mustard dressing.
Sherlock immediately grabbed for something under the seat and handed two rolls of thick black fabric to John, before adhering his own edge to some velcro on the roof of the vehicle John hadn't even noticed, and letting the curtain roll down to cover the window, then continuing with the rear window. John followed suit and covered his own window and the partition between the front and back seats. they were in a dark cocoon, but a multitude of flash bulbs still tried to make their way through. John took hold of Sherlock's hand, just because he knew how much the excessive press bothered him. It was extremely hard to be any kind of detective if everyone knew who you were.
They still had several dozen things to discuss, but it could wait until later. John pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s shoulder as the detective dozed off. As he was laying there John realized that they aren't really two people anymore. At some point when he wasn't looking, the man before him magicked them into one entity known as Sherlock&John, and he has no idea how to undo that without destroying them both. He doesn’t even think he wants to. Which means they will just have to keep on working out the snags as they come up, no matter how large or small. But for now at least, the case is solved, they have reached an understanding, they can rest in the country for awhile, he’ll have Sherlock show him the garden folly in the morning, and once they are on their way back to London, they will stop in Chelmsford and have dinner with Mark and his wife and let the man tell embarrassing stories about them from the Army so that Sherlock will laugh and they feel like any other normal couple on a double date with friends. They will just take things one day at a time, but for now John's world has found some semblance of balance in it again, and for that, he's grateful.
"009, I'll keep this brief, but I need to ask you some questions before you can go back to sleep."
"Well for the parts you tuned out there's going to be press there, they apparently found the bodies before informing police and took advantage of their luck, and most likely tainted the crime scene horribly in the process. Lestrade is sending a car, no arguments, and begging you to please not make a spectacle of yourself, and that we are denying the harpoon photos of you are actually you at all apparently."
She gave him bad stuff once, he'd been so sick from that hit, discovered later he nearly died, but while he was still half conscious, three 'police officers' came in and caught hold of her, because she was about to make a run for it. They had made it sound very official, but at the same time they had also given her a large shot of the same drugs he'd just taken, much larger than the one he himself had done, and she was much smaller than him. They dragged her out as if arresting her, and she never returned. Her belongings disappeared from her dorm the next day and her files held a very abrupt resignation from the program, citing family emergency as the only explanation. Shelly had told him she had been a ward of the state since she was five. There was no mention of her death, but Sherlock knew that she was dead, there was no antidote to combat the effects of what they had taken, and if a regular dose had nearly killed him...
It was two weeks later at lunch time and he actually had a pretty decent crowd going, Business had been picking up steadily, to the point he wasn't worried about the books balancing at the end of the week, and he even had a few new regulars, and probably another new one which Sherlock had brought in just minutes ago.
The next day he woke to find the entire front of his shop spray painted with graffiti, and spent the morning scrubbing it off the walls with solvent and scraping it off the windows with a razor after he recorded it with his camera. Mycroft was quite displeased with the defacement when he saw it, and told John not to worry, he'd help track down the responsible party. John appreciated the sentiment but doubted what a government clerk could do about it. By lunch he was repainting the outside with a highly expensive paint that wouldn't allow spray paint to stick to it.
"No, he's a great doctor. He saved the life of a very important friend of mine the other day." Mycroft interrupted smoothly and John couldn't help the blush.
"Good, because I despise pointless excuses and people too pathetic to take responsibility for their own actions."
A/N: Apologies my dear readers, I did not mean to be out of touch for so long, nor make you wait so long for an update or have it seem like I had abandoned this story. I haven't I promise. Many important and stressful things simply have come up one after the other these past few months, and honestly, writing fanfic has been one of the absolute last things on my mind. Thank all of you for your patience, and as a semi early Yule gift I will try to have the next chapter edited and posted within the next few days or so. Thanks again for reading and please leave a review if you like what I write. Feedback is muse food!
John could only blush, but before he could answer the ringer buzzed. He had never been so glad to hear the bell in his life. An officer they had briefly met only a few times whose name he didn't quite remember, Harris or Hartford or something like that, stood waiting to escort them to the crime scene. Sherlock was less than thrilled to ride in a police car, but was less vocal about it since John was sitting in the back with him, and (Harcourt!) turned on the lights and sped them through the streets of London.
"Oh wait, yep looks like they put an extra one in here, they must have known that I was going to be meeting you today too." John took one of the flowers and handed it to the little girl whose eyes lit up in absolute joy as he set her back down on her feet and she dashed off towards her father showing off her treasure.
And just like that all of the added stress had melted away, simply because John had cared enough to show him a kindness he didn't have to, and for no other reason than he had wanted to. Mycroft and Anthea hadn't been starving or nearly as stressed by the end of that day, due to the one simple act of John anticipating their needs and fulfilling them without being asked or expecting anything in return.
