It takes a few breaths for Cas to respond. His mouth moves a couple times on failed attempts, until he drops his eyes to the sand.
Cas is intrigued by the farmland they drive through. He’d seen it on their road trip, when they had passed corn fields and horse farms, but back here they’re immersed in it. The roads give way to dirt and start to wind, and Dean glances at the directions Bobby scrawled down for him so he doesn’t get them lost. Pebbles can be heard bouncing against the undercarriage and Dean’s grateful they hadn’t brought the Impala out here.
“Stop talking,” Dean says, and he leans in and kisses Cas to shut him up. Cas laughs against his mouth but kisses back, their lips warm and unhurried against one another. There's the faint smell of artificial peaches.
“Why not? I’ve got money from Bobby. My dad’ll have no idea we’re gone. We can stay in a shitty motel, and eat crap food, and do whatever we want.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, too quickly. He clears his throat again, tries to shrug nonchalantly as if his heart wasn’t fluttering in his throat. “Yeah, I do. I want that.”
“If you’re gonna complain about my hospitality, don’t accept my drinks, boy,” Bobby grouches.
Swinging the Impala into the lot, Dean pulls her carefully into her spot outside the apartment. She falls quiet as he shuts her off, and then there’s just the faint buzzing from the neon sign overhead and the ticking of the cooling engine. Dean casts a sidelong glance at his dad, who hasn’t moved.
Eyes narrowed, Bobby scrutinizes him for a moment from where he leans against the kitchen counter.
Tossing the bottle aside, Dean takes a breath. His stomach flutters, not entirely in a bad way, as he shifts forward onto his knees over Cas’s lap, guided by one of Cas’s hands grasped around his hip.
“Okay,” Jo says, and she stands. As the bus comes to a stop, she looks down at Dean and her expression softens. “I’ll call you guys tomorrow, okay?”
“Sun feels good,” Dean replies without opening his eyes.
“No, sir,” Dean says to the floor a foot from his dad’s feet. “Just thought you might wanna go to bed.”
. Schools of them swim by, colorful and glimmering, darting through the corals and around each other.
Cas huffs, causing water to spray from his lips. “I assume that they’re all angry, yes.”
“So how come - ”
“Hi, Dean.”
, I’m a
“I mean, what the hell happened last night, Dean?” She looks at him imploringly.
“I’ve been calling you all fucking night!” Jo hisses, making an obvious effort to keep her voice down.
. And you’re not ‘losing it.’ I didn’t mean to alarm you, but I can assure you that I am not a hallucination or a figment of your imagination.”
“How long can you hold your breath underwater?”
John straightens where he sits. Before he can be interrupted, Dean continues.
Dean’s blood suddenly runs cold at the words, and he freezes. “What - no - ”
“Yeah.”
He finds her with Andy and Ash, who are leaning against the boardwalk railing and bickering but stop and look up when Dean makes his way over.
“Yeah,” he says, nodding. He smooths his fingers over the wet hair above Cas’s ear. He clears his throat. “Yeah, of course.”
“Good night, Sam,” Cas calls.
“Any ideas?”
Dean shakes his head. “Of course he did. I swear, that kid lives to piss my dad off.”
,” he says. “I’ve never gotten past fifty at this game. What’s the high score?”
“Huh?”
“Dean,” Cas says when they’ve gone a few more miles.
“Dean,
“Sorry, Missouri,” Dean says as they reach her. “Sam’s got a big mouth.”
But the only movement he catches is from an umbrella, the edge of its canopy lifting a little in the soft breeze. The pool, which his notices Rufus had finished filling, is completely still. He was sure he heard a splash, but the surface of the water is ice-flat, with no sign of any disturbance. Not even a ripple.
“I just want to see what it’s like here. That’s all.”
“That was your father?” Castiel asks as they clamber into the Impala, Sam politely choosing the back seat so Castiel can sit up front.
Cas shakes his head.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Eyes wide, Cassie backpedals. “No, of course I don’t.”
The drive to Benny’s Diner isn’t long, but Dean finally has to bat Castiel’s hand away from the buttons on the dashboard after he switches the radio station for the tenth time.
He eventually drifts, not dropping off heavily but enough that he’s not aware of time passing. The dreams he has are vague, the see-through kind that happen when he knows he’s dreaming but doesn’t bother waking up.
The other players cheer for him as he drinks, and Dean finds himself grinning. He doesn’t know if it was how that curse word sounded coming out of Cas’s mouth, or the alcohol buzzing in his own body, or the way Cas’s throat works as he chugs, but Dean can’t take his eyes off of him, and he suddenly gets the inappropriate desire to lick off the beer that drips down Cas’s chin. Before he can act on his totally wrong-place wrong-time urges, Cas is slamming the empty can on the table with a belch, and people are reaching around Dean to slap Cas on the back. Based on the reaction of the other players, it’s as if Cas had just won the game, not lost.
“Dean, you’re sure - ” Cas says, other hand around the base of his dick. His breath is coming fast as the head of his cock slides between the cheeks of Dean’s ass and smears against the pucker of his hole, and Dean nods. Swallowing down his nerves, Dean braces a hand on the back of the seat over Cas’s shoulder to steady himself and begins to sink his weight down.
“Yes,” Dean says, his mouth spreading into a smile. “So we can do much more of this.”
“You’re a liar. How could anyone enjoy this?”
“What?” Alastair says softly. “You don’t like my shiny toy?”
“You’ll be okay.”
“Thanks for listening,” Dean whispers, and the smallest of smiles lifts the corners of Cas’s mouth. He kisses Cas’s fingers, making his smile grow, before rolling to face him. The both of them slide their arms over one another, scooting in close until their knees bump under the covers and their noses are almost brushing.
The building is small, and built to look like an old fishing shack, with ropes and buoys strung along the outside for decoration. The paint’s a bit faded, but it just adds to the charm. Dean’s not sure how long Benny’s owned the place, or if it was here the first time they lived here or not.
The doubt that Cas expresses regarding John makes Dean’s stomach twist vaguely. He knows Cas hasn’t had the best impressions of the man from the things Dean has told him, as well as his own experiences with him - particularly, that time in the middle of the night John had come home drunk and irritable. Still, it makes Dean feel weird that Cas obviously dislikes him. Like he needs to defend his father, somehow. It’s not a new feeling.
Finally, he drifts.
He takes a deep breath, and he leaves the sleepy merman napping in his bed, wearing his own favorite sweatpants on his brand new legs.
“Castiel,” Dean tries to name out, and notices a small smile lift on Castiel’s face.
“Practicing?” Dean pants.
“It’s hard to believe,” Cas says in wonder when Dean straightens up.
“Shut up, Meg,” Dean says.
“Where did you go?”
Hand sliding around the side of Cas’s neck, Dean kisses him softly. It’s not more than a peck but it’s gentle and it lingers, Dean trying to convey comfort with the gesture.
His dad reaches for him and Dean goes to him without hesitation, letting himself be pulled into his lap. With his dad’s gigantic hand splayed over his back, warm and heavy, Dean turns his face into his shoulder.
“You drink my beer?” John growls, his words slurring spectacularly. Dean surveys him.
not over, guys. I’ve got a
“I won’t.”
“Yeah, we know what fucking MIT is,” Jo says. “Jesus, Ash. This makes my plan for Salisbury look even more pathetic.”
Dean’s got a heat in his belly that’s urgent and insistent, flaring up as Cas drops his head to leave open-mouthed kisses across his collar-bone.
“Alright, nerd, I’ll see you in the morning,” Dean closes the cupboard door and reaches out before Sam can dodge away, and ruffles his hair.
Dean grips Alastair’s wrists, and as much as he tries to keep the fear out of his voice it comes through loud and clear on the last few words, and he feels Alastair pause. He turns his gaze to Alastair’s face and he must see the terror in Dean’s eyes, because a change comes over him. Instead of letting go of the front of Dean’s shirt and backing off, however, a wicked smile twists Alastair’s mouth. He shows his teeth, and he seems absolutely delighted at whatever newfound knowledge he just gained.
It slowly recedes, and when it does, Dean knows he’s not alone.
“About what?”
“And when did you ever ask me about this?” Dean demands. “Even once, when did you ever consider what I might’ve wanted - ”
The change in the stingray’s demeanor is immediate. As soon as Cas skims his fingers over it, it hesitates. Rather than swim on by like it did with the other people, the stingray pauses, nudging itself up into Cas’s palm like a dog asking to be pet.
A light erupts - it’s blinding, so bright it’s overwhelming, and Dean turns his face away with his eyes squeezed shut against the devastating white.
“I want it gone by tomorrow morning,” John says, stabbing at his food. “It looks like a mess.”
“When’s he done?”
“Dean,” Cas murmurs lowly, but Dean ignores him.
Sam dumps his cereal and peanut butter on the belt.
A pause. For a moment, Dean can’t hear anything but his own pulse pounding in his ears.
“Dean ‘n’ Sam,” John mumbles. “Good boys.”
“No, not that,
Digging his Zippo from his pocket, Dean ushers everyone close and lights each of the fuses.
“Yeah, well, I didn’t,” Dean responds. “Too late now.”
heard a splash, but the water seems just as murky and still as it did a minute ago… Squinting through the dark, Dean tries to determine if he can actually see ripples across the water on the far side, or if it’s just his eyes and his mind playing tricks on him.
“I really am sorry,” Cas says sincerely. “I didn’t mean for this to happen.”
He’s sprawled across the couch, Sam in the armchair and Dean on the floor, all of them with popsicles.
Dean finds that he believes him, and he nods.
Dean opens his eyes lazily to find Cas already gazing at him. He smiles.
The washcloth is warm on his skin as Cas wipes the drying cum from his stomach. Cas pays close attention to what he’s doing, careful to get it all cleaned, and Dean enjoys watching him. He almost doesn’t even care about the attention, in his contented haze.
Distantly, he hears Zachariah scoff. “
“It’s just for fun,” Dean says, and passes John a full bowl and a fork. “We’ll clean it up.”
“Dean.”
Cas smiles.
Rufus looks up from where he’s squatting next to the edge. “Nah, kid, you’re good. We’re just waitin’ on the pool to fill, now, and I’ll do the chemicals and shit when it’s done. Thanks for doin’ the fence.”
Dean smiles.
“Of course,” Cas says, and Dean’s eyes snap back to him, and the sincerity in Cas’s gaze makes his insides twist faintly. “If that’s what you want.”
“I’d like that,” Cas replies, his eyes crinkling in the corners happily.
He glances up at Dean, his rock spinning off into a storm drain.
“Beanie?”
Sam pouts all the way to the register.
Cas makes it even more difficult for Dean to keep himself in check when his fingers find their way into his hair, tangling in the strands.
Cas glances at Dean again, and nods. “Yes.”
Dean hears a voice on Cas’s side of the line, and Cas’s muffled reply.
As soon as they step over the threshold into the office, Bobby rounds on him.
“Oh, this is perfect,” Jo calls over the noise with a grin.
“I know. I’m just, I’m sorry I made it seem like it wasn’t okay. You know, that we - ” He gestures between the two of them, his stomach fluttering at the use of the word ‘we’. “That we aren’t okay. Around my friends, I just, I don’t know, I - ”
“Dean,” Rufus says as he catches sight of him, coming up short on the deck. “Shit, boy, I thought one a’ them brats from that shithole across the street snuck in here again.”
“He’s a pain in my ass,” Dean grouches as he leans back on his elbows, making Cas chuckle. In his peripheral vision, Cas shuffles back under the shade of the umbrella.
Each night, however, Cas says he feels less and less like he needs to use the tub at all. By Monday night, he’s insisting he can wait for the next day, keeping his legs for the whole night, but Dean’s nervous that he’ll get sick when he doesn’t have someone to help him, so Cas agrees to utilize room one for a last time.
“You have a good summer?”
The dark-haired girl’s team wins, and Dean pulls Cas to the other end of the table to set up their cups.
“I’ll call you boys in a few days, let you know when I’ll be back.”
” and “
“Yes, I brushed my teeth,” Sam says, settling beneath the blankets. “Cas still outside?”
After a moment, Cas tangles their fingers. He pulls Dean’s hand towards himself, and their eyes meet as Cas presses his lips to Dean’s knuckles, then again. Dean’s mouth stretches into a soft smile. He lets his eyes drift shut again.
Sam nods. “Yeah. It should be pretty cool.”
“Ignore him,” Dean mutters. “He’s a brat about this stuff sometimes. Anyway, I’ll leave the key under the mat outside the door, okay?”
Dean’s abruptly reminded of a different night, months ago, when unease and the vague sense of being watched and the distant sound of a splash had him standing at the slider with a baseball bat clutched in his hand.
him what it was?”
“I think we should keep the fort up for a few more days.”
Chuckling, Dean shakes his head. “Get some clothes on, sleeping beauty. Meet us in the kitchen.”
Sam grunts. “Yeah. I guess that’s true. Did you watch it from the water, Cas?”
Dean shakes his head, jaw shifting and stomach clenched tightly.
“I won,” Castiel says, and a grin slowly spreads across his face. He looks at Dean with his wide smile and Dean can’t help but beam back.
“Nah,” Gabriel says without pause, shaking his head. “Not for a second. There are some parts I miss, sure. But here, there’s things worth giving that stuff up for.”
“ - and he has quite an assortment of fish, both fresh and saltwater, and they’re actually all doing fairly well. I gave him a few suggestions for the ones that were feeling frustrated, and he said he’ll look into it.”
“Alright. Are you tired?”
Cas’s voice, and Dean only gets a single glimpse of him - disheveled and wide-eyed, followed by a bleeding Jo as he shoves his way through the front of the crowd -
“It won’t get you high.”
Dean swallows, and finally shakes his head. “Actually, you know, I think - I think I’m gonna head home.”
Dean takes a breath. He avoids Cas’s gaze and makes to roll off of him, onto his own side of the bed, but is caught by Cas’s arm around him.
“Last fall,” Dean says, knowing he has to be honest. “Early October, maybe.”
Feet feeling heavy and sneakers dragging across the carpet, Dean follows the sound of boots on linoleum.
“Um,” Dean says intelligently. “Yeah, okay.”
“Um. I’m going to stay here, too. With Dean,” Castiel says, looking out towards the water.
Reluctantly, Dean pulls away, extracting himself from Cas’s arms. He pulls his feet out of the water and grabs his shoes and socks.
Castiel’s eyes go wide and he moans. Dean almost chokes at the sound, and he feels the tips of his ears heat up.
“You’re damn right about that,” Jo says with a roll of her eyes. “I swear, Dean, you can’t fuck around with that guy, it’s a fucking stupid, stupid thing to - ”
Dean’s stomach drops.
At Sam’s door, Dean knocks softly before cracking it open.
“I wanted him to tell you,” Bobby says slowly. “And your brother. Told him countless times, but you know how your daddy can be…”
He hears Jody sigh.
“Jesus, Andy,” Jo says, and she reaches out to lower Andy’s arm so he’s not holding the bag up for the whole world to see. “Be a little more discreet, would you?”
“Alright,” Benny says slowly, sounding a little skeptical. He glances back at Castiel, who stares at Dean a beat longer before turning and giving Benny a smile. “Well, welcome to the white marlin capital, then.”
“Nice work, Dean,” he says, and Dean avoids his eye when he feels his face heat with the praise.
“Dean - ” Cas says, and he reaches for him again. When Dean jerks away a second time, there’s no mistaking the expression in Cas’s eyes. He looks afraid.
“Watch it, bitch, you’re getting sand everywhere,” Dean grouches, hoping his blush just looks like sunburn. Cas rolls back into his own space, but their hands linger on one another as they pull away.
“It was nice,” Cas says.
Dean’s back cracks when he stands, making him groan softly, and he collects the bowls off the table. He finds Cas in the kitchen, chugging a glass of water.
Frowning, Dean shuts the door behind him and stands for a moment under the portico, looking out over the parking lot.
“Cleanin’ this thing out,” Dean says without looking at him. “It’s nasty.”
“Baltimore City,” Dean says.
“Coming to see you,” Dean murmurs with a smile, his eyes on Cas’s lips around his popsicle. Cas lets his knees fall open to allow room for Dean, who settles between them, sliding up into Cas’s space.
“Were you high?” Sam has a tone of disapproval there, and Dean throws a look at him over his shoulder, grabs a fork and stabs it into the bowl.
They’re quiet a moment, and Dean huffs a breath. “No, I mean - I don’t know, it’s not - it’s not just the ocean I don’t like,” he blurts.
“Hello,” Bela says with a smile, and her eyes dart sharply between the four of them, almost sizing them up.
“Is there anything I can do to help?” Dean casts his eyes around for something that looks like it needs to be done. There’s a can of paint sitting by the fence.
There’s a floor dedicated specifically to plants and animals common to the waters of Maryland, which Sam finds fascinating. There are blue crabs, and terrapins, and several weird-looking fish that Dean never knew Maryland had.
Cas straightens and turns, trembling with rage from head to toe and blocking Dean with his body where he sits back on his heels and catches his breath.
“It can’t be fixed?” Dean asks, taking the toolbox when John holds it out.
“Yeah, ok.”
“Very good,” he says with a sleepy smile, which Dean returns.
“Today, on my walk,” Cas says, sounding excited. “Guess what I met.”
Dean opens his mouth to answer.
He glances around, and his eyes fall on an umbrella, lying broken on the ground. It’s the same one that he remembers seeing last night, red with a logo of one of the hotels from several blocks away, and it feels like he’s been splashed with cold water. He saw that umbrella last night, he’s sure of it. And if he wasn’t dreaming about the umbrella, he wasn’t dreaming about Castiel.
They go to Dean’s room to change into sweatpants, and Dean pokes his head into Sam’s on their way to check on him. The kid’s snoring softly, out like a light.
Clearing his throat, Dean drops his gaze and steps back from Cas, pivoting to face the stove as his dad’s heavy footsteps come down the hall. By the time John gets into the doorway, Dean is stirring the food with his eyes trained on it resolutely, and Cas is leaning against the counter a safe four feet away.
“Thank you,” Cas says.
Dean looks at her blankly. She pushes the tray across the counter towards him.
Breaking the kiss only long enough to speak, Cas whispers against the side of Dean’s mouth.
Benny looks confused, and Dean splutters on his water and sets his glass down too hard, making them both turn to stare at him.
Dean lets his eyes trail back to Cas’s, wide with concern and reflecting the light of the moon. He clears his throat.
John just grunts in return, and after casting a glance at Cas he starts shuffling through the mail on the table.
“Yeah, that’s right,” John says, and Dean feels himself beaming, so he keeps his gaze down. “We’ll take the belt off and see how they look.”
tell anyone about this. You got it?”
“Do you just wanna walk?” Dean asks Cas. They’re only six blocks from the Bunker. Cas nods.
Cassie and Dean don’t interact too much, having a few people between them, but even her inviting them to play is a little strange to Dean. He wonders about her sudden desire to talk to him again - before that time they’d seen each other at the grocery store almost two weeks ago, they’d barely had a full conversation since their break-up.
“Don’t.”
“The green beans are gross,” Sam complains, pushing them around his plate.
“I’m sorry,” Cas whispers, and when Dean opens his mouth to say “
He gets Cas off the ground, which is even more difficult than the first time, and grabs the dolphin as well. Dean practically drags him down the walkway towards the first motel room, the guy’s legs barely cooperating.
“Dean,” Gabriel repeats, testing it out. He tips his head. “Not what I expected.”
“Well,” Sam says, drawing the syllable out long. He sets his fork down, extra delicately, and leans in his chair to reach into his back pocket. “This brochure came in the mail yesterday. And I thought it looked cool.”
Obviously, he’s grateful he didn’t find anyone (or anything) outside, but Dean can’t help but feel unsettled. He drags the heel of his hand roughly across his ribs, but his stomach just goes on twisting. Dean chews his lip until he tastes blood.
Cas glances down at Dean’s hand, where he’s digging his thumb sharply between his ribs. He didn’t even realize he was doing it. He drops his hand to his lap.
Cas shifts, and he hits a spot deep inside Dean that’s white-hot and Dean groans. He can feel Cas’s wet mouth, open wide against his chest and breathing hard.
Dean takes a few steadying breaths and the two regard one another, Dean still wary.
“Uh, yeah, okay,” Dean replies, but that raises a new question. He hesitates a moment before he asks, “So, when are you coming back?”
They bicker back and forth as the group of them parts through the crowds towards the rides. Dean glances around at Cas to make sure he’s not getting caught in all the people, and finds him close by and looking ahead with interest. Following his gaze, Dean sees Vic and Bela walking in front of them. Vic seems to have taken over carrying the penguin, and his other arm is around Bela’s shoulders, her hand reaching up to lace her fingers through his.
It feels like a rock in his gut, like the ocean in his lungs.
“They’re only gonna wait so long ‘fore they give up on you.”
“Oh, hello, dear. I wasn’t expecting you,” she actually says, and Dean feels his eyebrows raise. She always seems to be expecting him, even the times they’ve coincidentally bumped into one another beneath the portico.
“I’ll miss you, too, though,” Dean whispers, and he knows it’s ridiculous and sappy and he feels his face flush before he even says it but he says, “You’ll dream about me, won’t you?”
Castiel frowns. “Who’s Mr. MacLeod?”
Breath catching high in his throat, Dean freezes.
“You’re being mean!” Sam’s voice rises. “You’ve been treating him like shit, and he’s been moping around all week long, and you should see the way he looks at you - ”
Cas jolts, his eyes flying open. “Wha - ”
“Do you see the baby?” Sam asks, excited.
Pushing his half-eaten bowl of cereal out of the way, Sam lays the box on the table and lifts the lid. Inside are six donuts, and the sweet smell of them wafts out immediately. Sam goes for the strawberry glazed.
“I’m melting.”
“Yeah, Sam,” Dean says. “Everything’s fine.”
“I’m gonna go for a walk, okay?” Dean says. “Clear my head.”
“Dean,” Cas breathes into his skin, his hips twitching up into Dean’s hand and fingers probing deliciously inside him, three of them now. The stretch is pleasant and Dean tries to chase it, canting his hips back into Cas’s touch.
“Sam explained to me about college.”
“Hi, sweetheart,” Missouri says with a smile. “Castiel and I were just visiting for a while.”
With that, Dean turns and walks from the kitchen, leaving his dad stunned and wordless behind him.
“Cas, hand me that, would you?”
. Dean rolls his eyes. Sam’s always wanted to drive down and see those stupid horses swim. It’s an annual tradition, for the wild ponies to get herded across the channel from Assateague Island to Chincoteague Island, where a few of them are auctioned off before the rest are guided back.
Dean slips his finger from himself and suppresses a gasp from the sensation, Cas staring as he absentmindedly wipes his hand on his shirt.
“Dean,” Cas whispers. Dean flicks his gaze up to meet his eyes, and finds Cas with a careful expression.
Shuffling through Sam’s dresser, Dean grabs a couple t-shirts and two pairs of jeans, shoving them in the backpack. He starts looking for where the kid keeps his underwear.
Cas shakes his head. “I think I’ll be okay until tomorrow night.”
They stare until Cas huffs with impatience behind them, and despite Sam and Dean insisting that they’re awesome, tells them that “jellyfish are idiots, and not worth our time.”
Castiel tilts his head, intrigued.
“Alright, Andy told me this was good shit. Actually, I think his words were ‘smoke a joint and wait an hour ‘cuz this shit hits heavy.’” She chuckles, but Dean feels a little nervous.
In his own bed, Dean lies awake for a long time. He watches his dreamcatcher where it hangs above his head, how it rotates back and forth on its string - just a few degrees before turning slowly the other way. Its feathers flutter softly in the light breeze from the open window. Shelley the dolphin is beneath the covers beside him, soft against his arm.
Though Sam’s eyebrows are set with worry he gives a tiny nod just before he passes, and that satisfies Dean enough. They’re okay.
Sam rolls his eyes. “It’s not
Outside, he finds John leaning on the car, his face tucked into arms crossed on the roof of the passenger side. Frankly, Dean doesn’t know how the man’s still standing. He unlocks the car and gets in behind the wheel, saying nothing as John fumbles through the door into his own seat. Dean pulls his seatbelt across himself, sets John’s things on the bench between them, and stares resolutely ahead.
“Dean - ”
“Okay?” Cas asks with a wary frown, unsure.
, it didn’t exempt him from getting a ride back to the Bunker in the back of Jody’s squad car when they got caught. John wasn’t home, thankfully, but Ellen sure was and she can be just as scary when she wants to.
“I counted four of them,” Sam squints towards the ocean, a hand over his brow to shade the sun.
Dean bursts out with a laugh. “Right. You’ve probably never had a burger before.”
“Close your eyes,” Castiel warns, and just in time - as soon as his feet hit the water, the whole tub seems to erupt in a blinding, white light. Dean squeezes his eyes shut and turns away, his hands slipping from Cas as he brings up an arm to cover his face. There’s a splash as Castiel all but falls, ungracefully, into the tub, and then the light recedes.
“I want you to fuck me.”
He looks back at her where she stands with the towels under one arm and her hand on the doorknob to her room, her shawl pulled snug around her and a twinkle in her eye.
Sam takes a bite, smiles around it.
are chickens?”
Dean rolls his eyes at his brother’s sass and watches the kid lope back down the beach to the shoreline.
He takes Cas’s wrist, tugging him up off the armchair. They shuffle together across the carpet, Dean leading the way with his fingers trailing along the wall for guidance.
Dean spins.
“I can’t have this conversation right now.”
Dean hesitates. “Cas is here. We’re just hanging out.”
It was sunny, that day.
Certainly no mermen. How does a guy with a tail get out of a pool and just disappear?
“And if you don’t?”
“You boys want this to lay on?” Ellen asks, holding out a beach blanket from her bag.
“Yeah, I’m sure. Thanks, Joanna Beth,” he says, and he means it.
“I tried to go to him, but Inias stopped me. He told me not to interfere, we’re never supposed to - but he was drowning, you -
“Well, I guess I’ll leave you to it,” Dean says, but he doesn’t make a move to pull away from Cas’s touch.
There are a few guys Dean doesn’t recognize, but there’s also Andy, Ash, and Cas.
“‘Cuz you seemed to have a problem with it before, didn’t you? Back in November?”
For a moment Dean thinks this is it, that he’s losing consciousness, until he registers the warmth on the back of his neck. It’s coming from Cas, from his hands, and it makes Dean feel like he might be settling. He spits, and shoves the trashcan away so he can turn, and Cas leans back to let him.
Dean swallows and shakes his head. “No. Not anymore.”
“It’s not - we’re not - ” Dean splutters. The eggs smoke a bit and he fumbles to shut the stove off.
“Yeah, whatever,” Dean grumbles, but he turns his face so Cas can’t see him smiling as he crinkles up the empty bag. Sam does catch his smile, though, and Dean flushes when he sees his little brother’s smirk. “Shut up, Sammy.”
He slams the door behind him, loud.
“Yeah,” Dean says.
They kiss once more, shortly, before Dean finally straightens up. He’s still biting back a smile as he walks back to the apartment.
The slim boardwalk carries him past the low dunes, its planks smooth with thousands of footfalls. It gives way to sand as soon as the ocean comes into view. The waves crash ahead of him and Dean makes his way forward.
“Yeah, I saw that. That’s very - neat.” He tries again to shove the towel at him, and this time Castiel takes it. “Wrap that around yourself, will you?”
Dean hovers behind him, watching warily with an uneasy twist in his gut.
It’s the first time Dean’s ever seen Cas blush.
Dean shrugs, leans his elbows on the desk. “Not much. Jo at home?”
There’s a group of kids crowded over a low glass wall, and Sam trots ahead to see what they’re looking at. He almost immediately turns back to Dean and Cas to excitedly beckon them faster.
“What are you gonna do about it?” Dean challenges.
The guy stares at him for one moment longer, his gaze piercing, before his face breaks into a grin. Theatrically, he leans away with a hand over his chest, feigning injury.
“Mornin’, De’,” Sam mumbles.
“You’re ahead of schedule,” Dean says bitterly. “I heard everything. From Naomi and Zachariah.”
His dad starts snoring. Dean watches him for several minutes, his heart beating in his ears, before he turns sharply and goes back to the kitchen for water. After leaving a large glass next to a few Advil on John’s bedside table, he leaves him, shutting the door with a click.
“He’s okay, Cas,” he hears Sam murmur, and they let him go.
In the alley, Ash and Andy veer right and Jo, Cas and Dean follow until they make it back to Coastal Highway. Once they hit the sidewalk, they pull up, all of them breathless with adrenaline despite the fact there was no one chasing them.
They’re passing through Salisbury, about forty-five minutes in, when Cas asks for some water. Sam passes a bottle up to him, and Dean glances at him with a concerned frown.
“Hi,” she says pleasantly, smiling as he pushes his cart up beside the belt.
Dean grabs the duffel he packed for Cas and himself from the hall and the two of them head for the kitchen.
“Because there was no one else, I don’t know - ”
, so he opts to say nothing instead.
“Hey,” Dean says. “I got an idea.”
“Thanks, Sammy,” he murmurs.
“Beanie?”
“Yeah,” Dean says, concentrating on his work. “Things were fine.”
“Yeah. It did, huh?”
For the past couple months he’d had the idea, in the back of his mind, that maybe he would give it as a gift. He hadn’t even thought the plan out completely, but he’d considered what he would say - “
Turning his head, Dean finds Cas looking at him, eyes wide and dark.
For the rest of the ride back to the Bunker, Dean lets Cas hold his hand. He sees him glancing at him more than once out of the corner of his eye, that worried frown across his brow, but Dean doesn’t have the energy to say anything. He feels drained.
“Very funny, Deanna,” Jo says, and he can almost hear her rolling her eyes. Settling back on the floor, Dean continues to flip puzzle pieces with his free hand. “It’s the first day of senior week!”
By the time Cas passes three hundred, Sam and Dean are practically vibrating with excitement. He’s missed two, and can only miss one more before he loses.
“Hey, uh,” Dean says into the sink. “I think I’m gonna meet Jo and them at the boardwalk tonight.”
“Um, Castiel, what are you doing?” Sam’s out of his chair as well, hurrying over to the tank.
Castiel reaches for him.
The bell chimes over the door as he goes in, the cluttered store quiet inside otherwise. He glances around for Frank but doesn’t see him, guesses he must be in the back somewhere. He heads for the register.
Dean can’t get out of his wet clothes fast enough. He tears them off as soon as he gets to his bedroom, hearing sand trickle out of each article and onto the carpet, but he can’t bring himself to care. He redresses, and he keeps his mind carefully blank the entire time.
“Oh yeah?” Dean grunts, adjusting his grip on the cooler handle as they get into the deep sand. Jo’s ahead of them, pointing at a clearing in the sand, and they follow her lead.
The guys introduce themselves as Ed and Harry, and they explain that they poured all of their chasers into the jug of jungle juice but that they were welcome to have some. Once all three of them have cups of the red drink, they squeeze their way back through to the living room.
Thunder growls overhead, and he pretends he doesn’t flinch.
When Dean lowers his arm and turns back, his lips part in astonishment at the sight. Cas leans back against the porcelain with his eyes closed, his chest still rising and falling a little rapidly, and his tail looking absolutely enormous in the tub. It doesn’t really fit, the last couple feet or so of fin sticking out of the end.
Dean heaves the basket up onto the low counter, starts sorting. Occupancy is low enough he doesn’t feel bad using two washers at once.
“Go where? What’s happening?”
“Here,” Dean breaks away, sitting back to see what he’s doing. Cas slips his fingers from his ass and the sensation is strange and wet, making Dean twitch. He squirts a fair amount of lube into his palm. “Can I - ”
“At least the car doesn’t have a leak,” Cas says, making Dean roll his eyes.
He can feel Castiel’s gaze on the side of his face, but he keeps his eyes down on the sand.
He hasn’t been allowing himself to look at Cas very closely lately. Safe in the fact that Cas doesn’t know he’s doing it, Dean takes in the sight of him - the sun falling into the dips of his collarbones, the angles of his hips and how they slope out of the top of his swim trunks, the way his hair has been curling distractingly around his ears in the humidity. That, Dean’s been trying not to notice for days now.
“Feels good,” Cas gasps against the corner of Dean’s mouth, and Dean nods. It’s not as good as it probably would be with lotion, but Dean feels hot and needy and he doesn’t have the patience to go get it. He thinks about how he should buy some lube, and his dick twitches heavily in their hands.
Bobby’s eyes flit observantly from Dean to Cas and back. “Sure thing,” he says after a beat. “I’ll get it for you and leave you boys to it.”
“He’s meeting us down there,” Jo says. “He wanted to win Bela a stuffed animal or something, I don’t know.” She rolls her eyes.
Sam lets out a huge yawn. “Dean, do I have to take my fort down tonight?”
“Everyone just be quiet, and be patient.”
He walks across the room to the open sliding door, through which he can see the surface of the pool, flat and dark. As he gets closer he catches sight of Cas, standing beside the edge as he buttons his jeans, a towel over his arm and his shirt still folded on the ground. Dean hesitates.
They come up on the Bunker, the parking lot dark and quiet. It’s finally starting to cool down - Dean’s pretty sure there’s rain in the forecast this week.
“I don’t know, dude,” Dean says, exasperation leaking into his voice. “You should’ve asked him.”
Dean smiles, and turns to go.
you’re ticklish.”
“Alright,” Cas says, but he still looks a bit concerned.
The last of the summer breeze tickles his hair across his forehead as he walks, his bangs shorter than they’ve been in a while. A “college cut” is what Ellen had called it when she’d trimmed it for him, saying it made him look older and more mature. He’s not sure about that. The only difference he’d noticed in the mirror afterwards was how it looked darker, the sun-lightened parts snipped off to be swept up from her kitchen floor. Just another way of putting summer behind; another kind of moving on.
Dean and Jo crack up.
He guesses he needs to think of a new plan, now. So far, he’s coming up blank.
“Yeah, well, we didn’t,” Dean grumbles. “It’s in the past. It was an accident, and we’re here now, and things are fine.”
With his hands settled in the shallow curve of Cas’s waist, where they’ve rucked his shirt up to his ribs, Dean tips his head back when Cas kisses over his throat. He sighs, the light from the TV glowing behind his eyelids and a quiet heat pooled steady and low in his belly. It spikes when Cas’s fingers tangle deep in his hair, blunt nails scraping his scalp. Cas tips Dean’s head back further with his grip in his hair, giving himself better access to his throat, and Dean goes more than willingly, almost melting under his touch.
Dean shrugs.
“Come on.” Finally, Gabriel meets Dean’s eye. “My baby brother washes ashore for the human that he’s been obsessed with for twelve years, and you think I wouldn’t hear about it?”
“Also, what the heck - you adopted a
He’s alone in this shed and he’s going to drown. Spluttering, Dean thrashes to keep himself afloat but the more he struggles the more he panics, and the more he panics the more water he inhales into his lungs and he thinks about how he’s all alone and he’s drowning -
With a glance at his dad, Dean sees the corner of his mouth twitch as he watches Sam devour the donut. Dean gets up, taking their bowls to the sink.
Startling slightly, Dean turns back to the group to find all three of them looking at him. Jo’s wearing a concerned frown, and the guys exchange an awkward glance. It’s only then that Dean notices that he has goosebumps, the hairs on the back of his neck prickling with them. Andy’s holding a joint out for him to take, and he wonders how long he’s been trying to get his attention.
Cas spends more nights than usual in room one. He doesn’t ask to go in the pool, and Dean doesn’t suggest it. It’s been a while since Sam has complained about them being too “mushy” when he’s around, as he would call it. They sit on opposite sides of the couch, and Dean doesn’t brush his fingers low on Cas’s back when they pass in the kitchen. He doesn’t push into Cas’s space when they kiss goodnight, and he carefully distances himself.
“Wow,” he whispers, and they stand next to each other and watch the lights dance and flare, both of them maybe a little bit too baked but neither of them caring.
“Just getting back from the beach, I see.”
Zachariah stands up straighter in Dean’s peripheral vision. Naomi stares with wide eyes, and Cas stays perfectly still. Slowly, Dean gets to his feet. He sees Cas clench his jaw hard.
“Night, Cas,” Dean says.
They hang out in contented quietness for a while, occasionally passing the chips back and forth to one another. At one point Castiel stretches out in the sand, apparently without a single care that the stuff gets all over him, and in his hair. Dean watches him, lying in the sun on his back with his eyes shut, and he can't seem to look away.
Dean shrugs. “It was fine.”
“Hey.” Sam’s gaze flicks over Dean as if checking for damages.
He watches his feet as he walks. The ocean is to his right and so is the sun, early enough in the morning as it is, but as long as he’s been walking he’s kept his eyes cast down. He thinks about what it is he wants to say. He’d gone pretty far south of the Bunker initially, but he’s heading north again and is almost back, his time running out to collect his thoughts.
Castiel glances at Sam eating his hotdog, and picks up his own to follow suit.
“I miss you. Every day I miss you, all day long, and it’s my fault that you’re gone and I’ve never been more sorry about anything. I’m sorry I was an asshole, I’m sorry I pushed you away, and I’m sorry I couldn’t just - fucking talk to you - ”
He had thrashed, at first, struggled to find the surface, where the sun was coming in, but after the third time he inhaled water he couldn’t coordinate his limbs anymore.
“Thank you for telling me this,” Cas murmurs. And instead of brushing it off, or making a self-deprecating comment, Dean just nods, and Cas looks pleased at that.
Abruptly, Dean sits up.
The girl rolls her eyes, but hands one over.
“We couldn’t be doing this if he was here,” Cas whispers.
There’s about one large hit left to the thing, and Cas casts Dean a glance before taking it like a champ. Dean’s kinda lost track of how many the guy’s had, and thinks briefly about whether or not he might be getting him too high his first time.
10:07am
Cas catches him looking, and lowers the glass with a sheepish smile. “I’m sorry.”
Dean nods with a small smile.
Since he’s already out, he goes to the grocery store. He wanders the aisles slowly, forearms leaning heavy on the handle of the cart as he scans the shelves. He stares at the cereal for a while, equally ambivalent about each brand, before grabbing what’s closest and distantly hoping Sam doesn’t bitch about not liking it.
“Dean, share with him!”
When both sanders are plugged in and ready, Dean passes the nicer one over to Cas.
“Yes, ma’am, we will,” Dean says, and they finally turn to go.
He feels unmoored.
“Oh,” Dean says slowly, thinking about that. “That makes sense, I guess.”
“I know.”
“Six is chicks,” Dean replies. “All girls gotta drink.”
By the time Dean gets to Bobby’s, he’s mostly convinced himself that everything from the night before had just been an insane dream brought up by his subconscious because of the storm. When he had finally dragged himself from bed after a fitful couple hours of sleep, he showered and dressed quickly, grabbed a bagel from the kitchen without bothering to toast it, ruffled Sammy’s hair, and left. He went straight to the car, not making any pit stops around the corner to the pool or even glancing in its direction.
Cas works at Frank’s a couple more days that week, and seems to enjoy it just as much each time. On Wednesday, when Dean drops him off, Cas convinces him to come inside and meet Coral.
As the ocean swirls on, the constant, compelling tempest that it always is, Dean finally feels still. It roils before him, a live thing, but he stands quietly before it. There are no more words clawing up his throat like shards of seashells; nothing else left inside him that he was too afraid to let out. He’s sent it all with the breeze off the sea, and while he’s left feeling hollow, knowing the words are lost, he’s weighed anchor of them and he can no longer be dragged under.
“No way!” Jo exclaims, along with the others, who all offer their congratulations with grins on their faces.
“No more fucking off to Bobby’s for God knows what. You’ve got an obligation to this family, Dean, so you better - ”
Slowly, Dean shuffles the paper into a loose stack on the table. He takes a steadying breath. “I have to think about it.”
The pizza place is only two blocks away, but it feels like it takes forever to get to it. Halfway there, Dean realizes just how starving he is. They end up buying a large, and Dean gets Cas a water, and they sit at a picnic table on the boardwalk to eat. Even though it’s after eleven o’clock, it’s still pretty crowded and they’re not the only ones there.
Dean mulls over his question, but only for a moment. “You ever regret it?”
“Or this…” Cas whispers, and Dean catches the words between his lips as he opens his mouth to let Cas in, their tongues sliding together.
“Dean.”
There’s an older couple with a camera, who aren’t very interesting, and there’s a group of boys probably a few years younger than them who are openly ogling at Jo. Dean glares at them until they catch his eye and all look away.
Finally, Dean breaks his silence.
“In a trailer park?” Sam says dubiously.
Dean doesn’t miss how Sam looks between him and Castiel and smirks, but he ignores it.
He was told to never ever ever put a blanket over Sammy’s head, because he’s too little to get it off and he could get hurt. But Dean figured if he’s under here with him, and he’s the one carefully holding it away from his face, it’ll be okay.
There’s water in his lungs. The eyes blink.
“She mentioned your brother,” Dean adds. “She meant Gabriel, right?”
They both flinch down, Dean covering his head as the sound reverberates through the earth beneath them. He feels a drop of rain splat against his knuckles, and he brings his arm down. He and Cas both stare at the spot of water, seemingly innocuous, until another drops onto the back of his hand. They look up at one another.
Sipping his coke, Dean leans a forearm against the edge of the open hood and gazes in at the engine, running through a few diagnostics in his head.
“Don’t let them flood you, you hear me? Don’t let them flood either of you.”
“There’s a legend,” Cas says.
Cas nods.
But Dean waves him off, slowly getting to his feet. He feels disgusting, wet sand everywhere - up his shirt, clinging to his skin. He doesn’t look at Cas.
“Shut your eyes when I jump in,” Cas warns, and Dean nods.
“Anyway,” he continues, clearing his throat. “The fire, it spread real fast. I don’t - I only remember bits and pieces of it. My dad, he was… I remember him yelling. And he was trying to buckle my life jacket, I remember that, because I never liked having it buckled. But he must not have gotten it, because the next thing I remember I was in the water, and I was sinking, and - ”
Cas lets his hands fall, his mouth set in anger. “He was manipulating the moisture in your lungs. It’s - it’s a terrible thing to do, I told myself I would never - ” He rubs the pads of his fingers over his mouth anxiously. “Dean, I’m sorry, I - I should’ve known they were coming, I shouldn’t have - I let this happen - ”
“Yeah,” Dean sighs. Presses a thumb between his ribs. “We do.”
“My break is over, so I have to go.”
“Is this okay?” Dean asks, stroking the long, hard line of him. He can’t keep himself from grinding his own dick, trapped in his sweats, up against Cas’s hip as he does so.
Letting out his breath, Dean looks up at Cas. As if he knows what he was thinking, Cas slides a hand around the side of Dean’s neck.
Dean picks at a spot of rust, avoids Bobby’s eye. “He was gone a couple days, but he’s probably back by now. He had to go pick up some stuff for Memorial Day weekend or something, I don’t know. Didn’t really ask.” He never bothers asking anymore.
“Three.”
“You’re not real,” Dean tells it. “I’m dreaming, or something, or I’ve gone crazy - ”
“What did you say?”
“I’m a merman,” Cas says.
On any other day, Dean would’ve bitched about that -
to?” Dean turns his head to look at him while he scrubs. “Would it be nice, to get to swim? You haven’t been able to in so long.”
“Well, had a bunch of tanks. They don’t anymore. But they did, and they knew a lot about fish.”
Dean feels his mouth threaten to stretch into a grin, one that’s almost giddy with the very thought, and he mentally shakes himself from the distracting memories. He gets back to work, making his bed and throwing the few things on the floor into the hamper.
Dean blinks. “Oh.”
They look at each other. There’s a tenderness around Cassie’s dark eyes, and it’s genuine. Dean’s stomach slowly untwists, the anger leaving him in a rush, and he takes a breath. He feels tired.
John’s mouth works around words he can’t quite seem to get out, and he trails off rather awkwardly.
“A talking sea sponge?” He asks dubiously. “Why is he wearing pants?”
“Yeah, I don’t think we have any, dude. I’m sure Ellen’s got some stashed in the lobby somewhere.”
“He knows,” Dean says.
Dean shrugs and keeps his eyes on the dishes. “I guess.”
“I was afraid!” Cas says, his voice high and it’s the first time Dean’s heard it tremble like that. “I wanted to tell you, Dean, I did, but - but then I learned how you felt about the ocean, I realized what it meant for you, and I didn’t - ” Cas shakes his head, and his brow crumples. He looks at Dean and he’s wretched and lost, and Dean’s stomach twists violently. “I was afraid that you would react like this.”
“Yeah,” Dean nods. “Sorry, I just - got a little worked up. I’m okay.”
“When we were little,” Dean says, eyes half closed and unfocused on the TV, “and my dad would leave, Sammy always wanted to know where he went. So I made up this big story so that he’d quit asking.” Between them, Dean slides his hand down the inside of Cas’s arm. “I told him that our dad hunted monsters. Like - werewolves, and vampires, that kinda stuff. I don’t know if you have anything like that where you come from.”
Dean blushes so bad he feels like his face is on fire.
“Well anyway, that’s the reason I said our dad was gone so much - hunting monsters. Sam loved that shit.” Dean shakes his head, and feels his hair rustle as Cas chuckles.
From the ceiling above his pillows, he hangs the dreamcatcher. He stands back to take a look at his work, watching it swing softly from its string before he crawls into bed beneath it.
“Good night, Sam.”
“Why do you do it?”
They get hot dogs and sodas (Cas gets a water) from the concession stand and it’s just as they’ve found their seats and have shuffled past some people in the row and are settling into them that Castiel asks.
“It’s okay,” she says. “Just - glad you’re okay.”
Cas pulls Dean’s sodden t-shirt off of himself, tossing it over the side of the tub with a slap, and leans back again with a relieved sigh.
After a moment, Dean takes Cas’s wrist and pulls his arm more securely around him, before lacing their fingers. Folded closely together, Dean lets himself relax into the warmth of Cas’s body. Their feet tangle together, and Dean can feel Cas’s breath on the back of his neck.
“I don’t give a shit - ”
He starts with the shed, heaving the chairs back up into it so they’re stacked properly. Luckily none seem to be cracked. He stands for a minute, debating what to do next. Considering the pool net and the push broom hanging next to each other on the wall in the shed, he knows which task he
Her eyes widen. “
“Go on. You’re gonna be late.”
The girl’s still talking at him, her words just loud enough for Dean to catch through the crowd, but Cas is only nodding along distractedly as he looks towards Dean.
“Nothing,” Cas says with a shake of his head, that unconvincing smile still plastered on.
“I apologize. I didn’t know that was going to happen.”
Dean nods, glances at him. “Yeah. Okay. Have fun.”
Dean gets a good look at Cas, and he suddenly pushes himself up on his elbows, much more alert. “What’s wrong? Are you okay?”
And it’s less than three weeks away.
“It’s extra credit.”
Dean tries to grab the kid by the shoulders, to shut him up at least for a second, but before he can Sam is slipping from his grip and lunging forward into a crushing hug. His skinny arms wrap tight around Dean’s middle. Blinking in surprise, it’s a moment before Dean recovers, his arms coming up and around his brother’s shoulders.
“Cas wouldn’t stop complaining about it,” Sam says, sounding like he’s been personally offended.
With his tongue tucked in the corner of his mouth in that way he does when he’s concentrating, Cas strokes upward, slowly. Dean’s eyelids flutter and he bites back a groan. Following Dean’s lead, Cas does as he does, tightening his grip on the upstroke, and it makes heat spike in Dean’s belly.
Dean nods. “Yeah. He scared the shit out of me.”
Popping the candy in his mouth, Gabriel flashes Dean an impish smile.
He doesn’t let himself react to his own words. He watches Cas swallow, looking absolutely shattered, and Dean turns away from him so he doesn’t have to see. He speaks to the ground.
“She’s yours,” John says roughly, and Dean’s eyes fly back to him.
“Well put it in rice, you dipshit,” she says, but the anger leaks out of her voice and it mostly comes out soft. She shakes her head. “I seriously thought you were dead, Dean. All I saw was the knife, and you had blood on you, and then - and then Cas jumped in after you, and there was this - this light - ”
“I don’t understand.”
“It’s been told as long as I can remember,” Cas continues, picking at a thread from the blanket in his lap. “It says - it says if a merperson abstains from water for long enough, they’ll dry out.”
Dean looks at him, his chest heavy and anger bubbling deep in his gut.
“Yes,” Cas says with a nod, but he looks unsure. “But… I’m not sure how far I can go from the ocean.”
And then Jo is there, and her eyes are wild and she’s saying “We gotta go, come on, Dean you gotta get up,” and it’s only then that Dean registers the sound of the sirens. People are scattering, flooding through the gate and hopping the fence to get out, and Dean works on catching his breath.
“Hm,” Dean says, glancing at the TV. “What are you watching?”
“Oh, found it.” Sam straightens up and shuts the door. “Ask me what?”
“Fuck, Cas, that feels good,” Dean breathes, and he bites down hard on his lip, his forehead creasing in the middle, and Cas quickens the pace of his hand. “Oh, fuck.”
“Hey,” Dean says, and settles on the step next to Cas. “I was lookin’ for you.”
“Cas thought it was cool.”
“How was the last day, Sammy?” Dean asks. He glances at Cas, who looks a little sweaty from his walk, and looks away again.
“Huh?”
Castiel stares, eyes wide and stricken. The tide crashes, recedes, and then repeats. There’s only that, the two of them regarding one another on the wet shore under the moonlight, the ocean reaching and pulling.
“Dean,” Cas pants, his fingers raking through Dean’s hair and his chest heaving. “Dean.”
“Listen up,” someone calls from the middle of the room - it’s Lisa, with a bottle of tequila in her hand, and her gaze on Dean. “Body shots, anyone?”
“Where’s Cas?”
“Cas.”
Propped up over him, Dean feels Cas’s other hand slide to the small of his back, under his t-shirt. He sucks Cas’s lower lip into his mouth. In response, Cas tightens his fingers on Dean’s back, and Dean inhales sharply at the dull bite of his fingernails. The sensation causes a warm tingling low in his belly, and Dean deepens the kiss.
“It doesn’t matter.”
“How come it’s past tense?” He asks carefully.
“Yes.”
The apartment door bursts open just as Dean steps into the hall, and a large figure stumbles over the doorway. Dean swallows and watches his dad kick the door shut with a booted foot, drop his duffle at his feet, and stagger to the kitchen.
“You’re not gonna get that?”
It’s not enough, and Dean needs more of him.
His question answered, Dean nods. “Yeah,” he says, glancing away. “I figured you did.”
Confused, Dean opens his mouth to ask what’s going on just as Zachariah turns to face him and his chest abruptly and violently seizes.
“Okay, whatever, Cas,” he says, and he tries to sound serious but he can’t quite bite back his smile. “You can find a different partner next time.”
“I’ll set up the tub for you in room one before I go so you can rinse off. You can lie in there and think about me in the shower.”
He looks to Cas for help, but he just frowns in confusion.
His shoulders actually shaking with the force of it, Cas just laughs harder. Dean shoves him, hard.
They’ve reached the Bunker, but instead of heading up towards the motel the two of them settle in the sand right there on the beach, side by side. Dean digs his toes into it, leaning back on his palms. The sand is cool this time of night, and it feels good against his skin. The waves break several yards in front of them, almost hard to see through the dark except for the moonlight glinting on the tops of the swells, and the white foam washing up on the shore.
At some point their hands bump and tangle together, and though he’s more sober than before, Dean still feels the pleasant hum of alcohol in his limbs.
John raises his hand, stopping him. “I don’t care about whatever agreement you made with him - it’s over. He’s stuck his nose in enough as it is - ”
Dean shakes his head. When the tub is filled completely, he reaches over and shuts off the water.
There’s a room lined with tanks of different species of jellyfish, from tiny and translucent to absolutely enormous and luminescent. Sam and Dean are both enthralled, moving slowly from one tank to the next, staring at them with enrapturement.
“Fuck Dad.” Sam says angrily. “Yes you can.”
Castiel's frown deepens. “Is it normal for humans to own so many? I’d think you have a lot more than two feet by all these.”
“Inias and I had a lot in common when we were younger. He’s quite a bit older, but we were both very competitive, and involved in sport.”
Startling, Dean’s eyes fly open. Alarmed to find himself very close to some guy who’s just walked up beside him, he reflexively shuffles away a step down the railing.
“Dean,” he says.
His lungs scorching, Dean has one last thought that he needs to escape, swim away, but a darkness is creeping into his vision from the corners and he can’t fight the sudden sluggishness of his limbs.
“That’s Bones, my goldfish. I don’t think he’s feeling well. So did you just graduate, too?” Sam asks.
It’s true, and Dean drops his hands before either of them notices them shaking. Jo must know he’s serious, though, because after staring at Dean for a long moment she finally relents, blowing her breath out through her nose.
“He, uh - he’s from up north. Cape Henlopen area. Just moved down here, across the street from the Bunker. I’m showing him around.” Dean nods, trying to look convincing.
John hangs around during the week, working at the Bunker and doing odd jobs around the apartment. He takes notice of Cas hanging around, but doesn’t say much about it other than a stray comment about Dean still spending time with that “trailer park kid,” which Dean doesn’t have a response to.
“What are you making?” Cas shuffles in close, Dean’s socks on his feet, to peer over his shoulder.
Dean actually laughs out loud at that, sharp and bitter, because Sam doesn’t need to fucking tell him how Cas has been looking at him, he’s more than aware -
“What?”
Dean sees the silhouette of Cas shrug. “For today. And… for being what I’d hoped.”
He’s drowning - the ocean fills his mouth and his throat and that’s all there is. When he tries to scream all that comes out are bubbles, and he’s sinking.
John huffs. “And where’s this camp at?”
Dean swallows. “Uh, Sammy got it for me. For Christmas, a few years ago.”
“So you said you picked up paint guns?” he asks, lifting a hand to rub at his side.
“Are you coming to bed?” Cas’s voice is careful, his gaze wary.
“Okay,” John murmurs. “I get it. Just - I want you to know that you can - we can talk about this, when - when you’re ready. And Sam, too, I’m gonna talk to him - ”
Wary, Bobby nods.
Pushing the door open with a dull creak, Dean finds John sitting on the edge of his bed, elbows on his knees. Dean casts his eyes around the room, thinks it looks like his dad’s straightened up a bit. His duffel sits open and empty outside the closet. Dean meets his dad’s eye.
“I feel much better now,” he says.
“Okay,” Cas says carefully. “If it’s alright with you.”
Dean shrugs again and turns back to Bobby. “Yeah, we’ll use the second one.”
Slowly, Cas’s mouth turns up at the corners. “Okay.”
10:18am
“Alastair, Alastair, don’t - ” He tries to squirm out of the grip on his hair, can’t keep himself from struggling as his chest seizes with terror and he’s starting to have trouble pulling in a breath. “Don’t, please,
“Dean,” it says again, this time clear as a bell and right in his ear, and it sounds afraid. What did it have to be afraid of?
It’s quiet around the table. Dean blinks at him.
Dean shakes his head and drops his eyes down to his bowl, stabbing at his food.
Dean swallows. He concentrates on Cas’s thumb, which trails over his knuckles, back and forth. He concentrates on the rhythm of it, and how he can feel Cas’s breath, warm on his shoulder.
Jo smiles back at him, but she’s unconvinced.
Shooting her an unconvincing smile, Dean pushes off from the desk. He leaves through the slider and heads off to find his dad.
“Hey! You’re back!”
Dean takes a steadying breath, but he does as he’s told. He watches Bobby’s back as the man gets up and prepares himself a bowl, spooning chili from the pot.
Dean pulls back with a gasp, his heart kicking up suddenly in his chest. He stares at Cas.
“So, your brother done with school now, too?” Bobby asks.
, not just because it was a gift to him but because he built nearly half of it, put his own hard work and determination and sometimes pure stubbornness into it and it was
“Yeah,” Dean says. “Me too.”
“So answer your fucking phone if I call you.” John raises his eyebrows, and Dean doesn’t say what he wants to, which is
“Night, guys,” he says back quietly. Sam doesn’t even blink when Cas follows Dean into his room.
The very end is just over two miles from the Bunker, and it’s about when he gets there that he feels himself start to settle. He slows to a more reasonable pace, no longer running flat out as if to escape himself. There’s the steady, regular slapping of his feet, and the matching pounding of his heart, and he finds it comforting. He pulls in lungful after lungful of air, but his breaths feel strong and reliable for the first time in three days.
Every other thrust or so Dean feels a spike of warmth in his belly but it vanishes too fast and it isn’t enough. There’s too much fabric between them, and Dean thinks this just as Cas fumbles to undo the front of his jeans. It’s a relief when his button and fly are undone and Cas reaches in to pull his dick free, his hand on him feeling incredible. Dean leans into him, encouraging his touch, kissing him heatedly.
in it.
“Throwin’ orders ‘round here, Dean?” John slurs, challenging.
“What are you doing?” Cas asks suspiciously.
Dean’s eyes snap open to find Cas’s there, bright blue and close, and his stomach twists faintly at the words and his mouth falls open to say something just before they’re interrupted.
A pause.
He’d wanted to get a lot drunker than he did, but all they had was beer. While he drank as many as he could before they’d left, it only resulted in a faint buzz in his limbs and did nothing to make him less bad-tempered.
“Night, guys.”
“Oh,” Dean says, looking down at the nearly full tub. “Sorry.”
Dean doesn’t say anything to that, keeping his eyes ahead as Cas and Sam peer out the windows at the passing neighborhoods. It’s been a while since he’s driven through here, and he doesn’t think Sam ever comes this way.
Cas hums quietly in understanding. “It’s my first time, too.”
“You wanna play Headshot?” She asks.
“I don’t know why he’s acting like that,” Dean says. “Why don’t you ask him? Maybe he’ll tell you - because he’s not telling me shit.”
“I want - Cas, I want - ” He wants
Groaning in pain, Dean tries to blink away the fireworks erupting in front of his vision as Alastair twists both fists in the front of Dean’s t-shirt. Dean is lifted half off the concrete, and through the pain that radiates all the way up to his teeth, real panic starts to set in.
“Yeah, and somethin’ about their mouths too, right?” Sam pipes up.
He leaves her standing on the sidewalk.
Fuck.
Wallet, keys, cell phone, which he collects. He stares into the bottom of the tray at what’s left, and he feels himself pale. Slowly, he reaches in again, fumbling to get them up with suddenly unsteady fingers. He stares down at them in his hand for a long moment, his heart beating loud in his ears.
Cas is standing right inside Dean’s bedroom when he slips inside.
They work quietly, neither one saying anything. A few times Dean catches Cas glancing at him in his peripheral vision but he keeps his own eyes on his work.
Dean can see the questions burning on Sam’s and Cas’s faces as everyone clambers from the car, but they contain themselves as Dean goes to the trunk and grabs his duffel.
“So I guess this makes me a big brother, huh?”
Sam looks to Dean. Dean shrugs.
The gate beeps open and he scrambles through and onto the pool deck.
“My mom drowned,” he says. “That’s the official cause of death, which I didn’t know ‘till I found a newspaper clipping in my dad’s duffel, years afterward. My dad had tried to save her, according to the article, but she was tangled up in something as the boat was sinking, and he couldn’t hold his breath long enough to get her out. And my fucking life jacket was unbuckled and he couldn’t - he couldn’t do both.” Dean swallows down the nausea rising inside him. “But it said, my mom - apparently, she was badly burned. Enough that they didn’t think she would’ve survived anyway, if my dad had gotten her out. And I don’t know, I hope - I hope my dad believes that. You know, so he doesn’t - so he doesn’t think - ”
Getting up slow, he fumbles for the remote on the coffee table. He misses the power button a few times, pulling up a menu instead, and jams at it until the stupid thing finally shuts off. The living room falls into pitch darkness.
“Sure, you wanna buy ‘em?” Dean grabs a family sized bag of chips from the cupboard and rips it open, grabbing a handful and tossing the bag on the table. “I’ll tell dad,” Dean says, and Sam rolls his eyes.
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean says with a shake of his head as Cas downs his third shot in half an hour, with barely a grimace.
“Oh, my god.”
Turning the dreamcatcher over in gentle hands, Dean’s eyes trail past it and are caught on the envelope still resting on his pillow. It looks like it was once terribly crumpled, but had been carefully flattened until only faintly wrinkled. While it’s made out to Mr. Dean Winchester, the address below his name is Bobby’s. Dean doesn’t need to look at the return address to know who it was from, and when. He only hesitates a moment before picking it up, fingers careful. It’s unopened, still.
“I’m okay,” he says. “How’s the water?”
“And I see the way you look at each other, Dean. What the hell am I supposed to do with that? Not to mention, you’ve been blushing more recently than you ever have - ”
“And Sam,” John points at his youngest. “I want that damn fort cleaned up before you go to bed.”
They look a few minutes longer and then move on, further into the building. There’s so much to see that Cas bumps into someone while staring at the tanks that line the dark hallway. Dean chuckles and tugs Cas along as he mumbles an apology to the woman.
“It’s - ” Dean tries to think of the right word. “- distracting. But it’s fine. You don’t need to - ”
He begins to feel exhausted, and his thrashing slows, and it’s only then that he starts to feel like he’s not alone. Though his chest seizes in terror, he can’t help but feel like he expected this, was waiting for it, in the back of his mind. He knew it would come.
“Are you guys stayin’ up?” He asks, looking tired.
“Dean,” Castiel says as Dean is folding up his tickets, and the way his voice has turned serious makes Dean look up at him. “Can I ask you a question?”
“But,” Dean picks at a string coming off the in-seam of his jeans. “I think…”
“Hopefully there’s something in here that’ll help me,” Dean shuffles a few things around and Cas comes up behind him to peer over his shoulder. Dean kneels on the ground and starts making piles, from things he knows he needs, to maybe needs, to junk.
“Hello, Castiel.”
“I guess so,” Cas flexes his tail a bit with a slosh, and Dean stares at it.
It only rings a couple times.
“Hello,” Cas says pleasantly.
“Dean!”
“Hey.”
When they finally break apart, they do so slowly, their lips brushing softly a few more times before they separate.
Dean nods, voice sounding false even to his own ears when he says, “Sure, Bobby.”
“This is why you’re afraid of the water,” Cas finally says, and his voice is mournful and it makes Dean’s heart ache dully.
“Oh, god,” he moans, and the next thing he knows he’s bent in half over his knees with both arms wrapped tightly around his middle, squeezing. Each breath he tries to drag in just saws through him, and he makes a pathetic wheezing noise on each inhale and he’s starting to get light headed and he needs to
“I would like to help out more,” Cas had said with a shrug. “You pay for a lot of things, and I want to contribute.”
“Hey, uh,” Dean rubs the back of his neck. “Maybe we could do something tomorrow, if you want? Go to Benny’s, or - I dunno, we could go to the boardwalk…?”
Those dark, impossible-to-read eyes never leave him, and for one of countless times in his life, Dean wishes he knew what was happening behind them. John Winchester, reticent as ever.
’ and ‘
Dean frowns. “My dad’s always had enough of his own shit to worry about. Really, Cas, it’s not a big deal - ”
He’s up and moving towards the door without much warning, but Cas follows close behind. On the sidewalk, they start walking towards the Bunker as the bus pulls away.
Cas catches Dean’s eye. “I, um, get sick.”
Dean tears it open.
The ride turns as more people get on, lifting them higher off the ground. Once about halfway around, Jo deems it safe enough to pull the sandwich bag out of her pocket.
“Anything, what - ”
“Dean!” Sam says indignantly. “We’ve never got to see them swim!”
They quickly discover that the answer to that is
Cas hesitates, but only for a moment. “Alright.”
; there are angry, fresh scabs across his knuckles but he’s steady.
Finally, Sam raises his head and they look at each other. Dean searches Sam’s face and though it’s obvious the kid is trying to keep a stoic expression, Dean finds a mix of emotions there and they make his stomach twist. Anger, yes, but that’s below the surface. Mostly it’s hurt, bewilderment, and Dean knows it all well and he wishes he didn’t have to lay it on his kid brother.
“So,” Sam says into the uncomfortable silence, his speech muffled by the chicken and broccoli in his mouth.
He is so dead.
Dean makes the mistake of following his gaze south, where Castiel looks down at himself. Hastily looking away again, Dean feels himself blushing even more furiously than before.
Dean doesn’t really know why he’s saying all this, but now he can’t stop. Maybe it’s because Cas is a good listener, quiet and attentive. Maybe just because it’s Cas. He doesn’t know what that means.
“Do you… wanna go?” Dean asks.
“Uh, no,” he says.
“Alright.”
“I’m alright,” Cas insists.
They watch the movie for a while, the three of them happy to enjoy a day full of doing nothing.
Sam huffs, but does as he’s told, and Dean pulls his door shut most of the way. With a glance back into his own room, he sees Cas standing in the middle and he shakes his head at him, once, before heading to the kitchen.
“Guys, I want you to meet my girl,” Vic says with a smile, and gestures to her standing beside him. “This is Bela. We met a few months back.”
kinda hang out.”
Dean doesn’t know how long he lies there for, half-asleep and worrying. He’s vaguely aware of his aching stomach and tense muscles, but eventually his thoughts get loud enough to wake him.
Feeling sick, soaking wet and covered in sand, Dean stares.
a headache.”
“Hey,” he says over his shoulder. His voice sounds too high, and he cringes.
Dean nods again.
“Forgive me if I don’t believe that,” Cas says with a wry smile, and Dean is caught looking at it.
Frowning, Dean gets his shoes from the living room and tugs them on. He leaves through the front door, and glances around the side of the building on his way. The truck is there, parked incredibly crooked outside the apartment, but the Impala’s gone. Dean chews his lip nervously.
“Alright, since they won the last one, they go first,” Dean explains. “You ready to kick their ass?” Dean nudges at Cas with his elbow, shooting him a grin.
Being as quiet as he can and ignoring the tightness in his chest, Dean sets up his pillow and blanket on the floor next to Sam’s bed. With a final glance at his sleeping brother, Dean crawls under his comforter and pulls it up to his ears.
“You’ll be great, dude,” Dean says as he hands the joint over to Cas.
“Do they know you’re here? Why
Back in the living room, he finds that Sam and Cas have switched to another Marvel movie.
Cas looks to Dean, who shakes his head. He doesn’t feel like walking. That, and he thinks the sound of the ocean right now would not do anything to help settle him. He just wants to get out of these wet jeans and crawl in bed.
“Uh, yeah,” Bobby finally says. He lifts his glass, indicates around the side of the house. “They’re ‘round back, with the paint. You’ll have to load ‘em.”
Dean shrugs. “Baltimore’s a dirty place, and it surrounds the whole harbor.”
“There he is,” Alastair croons, his soft voice raising the hairs on the back of Dean’s neck. “I was starting to worry you didn’t have any fight in you, Dean.”
“When your father leaves,” Cas repeats, and he shifts to lie half on his side, sliding a hand over Dean’s belly. “Does it make you nervous?”
“There it is, Cas,” he says.
“I’m going to get a floaty,” Sam announces from the other side of the pool, where he’s clambering out at the stairs.
, Sam,” Dean finally gets out, and of course he fucking blushes.
“Seriously, Cas,” Dean says. His tone doesn’t leave room for argument. When he forces himself to raise his eyes, it’s to see Cas with a wary, closed-off expression. Finally, Cas nods.
Dean lets out a laugh which even to his own ears sounds a little high and panicked. He rubs the heel of his hand over his ribs, and shakes his head.
“No worries,” she smiles at him. “If Bobby don’t need you, you’re more than welcome with us. Your new friend can come too, if he wants.”
Their eyes meet for a long moment. Dean tries to shove away the last tendrils of uneasiness that curl in the back of his brain.
Cas nods. “As long as you would like to, and wouldn’t mind me coming along.”
Dean recognizes the voice immediately, and pivots. He clears his throat.
Dean captures Cas’s lips again, mouth wide, his tongue swiping over Cas’s teeth and he swallows the sound Cas makes. Desperate, Dean’s free hand slides between them and down, past where Cas ruts into their fists, Dean too distracted to keep his hips moving, and he shoves his own pants and boxers down his thighs.
They part ways at 9th street, where Jo and Ash walk inland towards Ash’s house and Cas and Dean catch the bus to head back to 28th. It’s much less crowded, this time, and they have room to sit down.
Gabriel’s still chuckling, but when he catches Dean’s expression his smile fades at what he sees there.
As soon as his fist makes contact with the side of Alastair’s head, Dean knows he’s in for it. Yeah, he got a few good licks in the last time he fought this guy, but they were essentially evenly matched - he talked shit, but in reality it was pretty much luck that Dean had gotten away with
Shifting foot to foot to avoid sinking too far into the sand, Dean takes a deep breath.
“Oh,” Cas nods. “Yes. We do.”
He wants to hear more of those little sounds, so Dean slots a thigh between Cas’s, dropping to his elbows to get closer. They’re flushed chest to pelvis, but Cas hasn’t moved his hand from low on Dean’s back, and Dean needs him to stop being so careful with him.
“This - this is - ” Sam stutters, and Dean waits with dread for the bomb to blow. Here it comes - he mentally braces himself, and -  “This. Is.
The scrape of Sam’s chair, the soft clatter as he sets his bowl in the sink, and Dean lets out a held breath. He catches Sam’s eye as the kid passes him in the doorway and he tries to convey everything he can in the brief eye contact:
When Castiel steps forward Dean follows, just behind, into the tall wheat. He watches Cas’s back, the way he holds an arm out to trail his fingers through the bristly tops of the crops, and he walks in his footsteps.
“Thank you,” Dean whispers.
“No, it was fine,” Dean doesn’t look at Cas. He resists the urge to dig his nails into his side, and he doesn’t think about having words stuck in his guts, fluttering and gnawing, for that first year that he was silent. As a seven-year-old, he remembers that’s how it had felt. John had tried everything to entice him to talk, and he
Alastair grins, and he looks Dean up and down, and he’s just as skin-crawly as Dean remembers. There’s another guy hovering behind him, someone Dean almost recognizes - his name is Ezra, or Azrael, or something else weird.
“Oh really? How come?”
“ - which I assured him, I wouldn’t, and I don’t know why he thought that was my intention - ”
He’s okay. That was just some dumb overreaction, probably because he got hardly any sleep the night before.
Dean checked on him when he got in, didn’t he? He doesn’t know why he wouldn’t have, he always does, but he’s not sure. Did he feed the kid dinner last night? Do they have enough for breakfast?
“Yeah…” Dean scans the pool for any sign of Castiel, but sees nothing.
“No, thank you,” Cas says with a shake of his head. His eyes flit around carefully.
“I’d like to kiss you,” Cas says.
Chewing on his lip, Dean stares at the papers before him. His mind whirs.
“I’m good,” he says with a nod, and with that he starts up an easy pace, lifting his hips to drop them slowly back down. He feels the slippery slide, and he feels the stretch, but the pain ebbs and wanes as he adjusts to the breadth of Castiel inside him.
“Cas and I can clean up the floor,” Sam says. “Go for a run, we’ll be here when you get back.”
Castiel yawns, and Dean chuckles. “You tired?”
Dean doesn’t fight him, let’s himself be pulled through the current.
“I can help you.”
“How’s it going?” Dean asks, leaning a hip against the edge of the desk.
“Smells good,” John mutters, twisting the cap off his bottle.
He drifts, and he thinks the regular in-and-out of Cas’s breaths in his ear sounds a lot like the crashing waves of the ocean.
Dean’s eyes have moved past Cas, and he watches the reflection of the moon, two days from being full, across the surf as he listens. He’s shivering, just faintly.
Sam lets him ruffle his hair as he pulls away with a grin.
“Yeah, Cas?”
Dean struggles to swallow around his heart which beats in his throat, choking him. He has to get out. He has to get out, or he’s going to drown.
“Yeah, I really appreciate it. Can I get a straw too?”
They stand there and gaze at one another, Cas looking like there’s more he wants to say.
They trade soft, sleepy kisses on and off for a while. Occasionally, one of them deepens the kiss, their tongues sliding lazily over one another. Eventually they pull away, the only light to see by coming from the motel’s neon sign outside the window. Cas’s eyes droop heavily, his eyelashes casting spiky shadows on his cheeks.
Nineteen days. He closes his eyes.
Figuring it’s the best thing to do, Dean and Sam generally just keep out of his way through the rainy weekend.
There’s a slight burn but the angle is so much better with Cas’s fingers deep inside him than his own, making him feel lit up. He finds himself moving his hips down onto Cas’s fingers with every time he cants them up into his fist, every once in a while Cas hitting a spot inside him that makes him gasp.
“Wait.” Castiel says sharply, and Dean snatches his hand back into his own space.
As much as it irritates him, knowing full well that Cas has something to do with it, he slept better last night than he has recently. Lately, on the nights he spends alone, he’s been waking up rattled and unnerved, his mind swimming with things he can’t quite shake. Yesterday morning he had jolted awake and was almost sure he was going to find himself lying on the wet shore, sand in his hair and panicked people all around him, fussing over him, and having no idea how he’d gotten there.
“Get out of the fucking car - ”
“Hi, Ellen,” Dean says as he approaches the desk, Ellen looking up from paperwork.
“Of course not.”
He crawls up Dean’s body, and when their faces are level they peer at each other for a long moment. Slowly, Dean slides a hand around the back of Cas’s neck and pulls him down into a kiss. Cas kisses him back tenderly.
“Dean,” he says, balancing his food on his lap as he gets situated to Dean’s left.
He thanks her and says goodbye before pushing distractedly out of the half-door and heading back towards the apartment.
“You wanna play pong?” Dean asks.
“Oh,” she says. Yeah, she’s definitely blushing. “Nice meeting you.”
Without warning, he steps in close and flings his arms around Dean’s middle in a crushing hug, his shaggy head against Dean’s chest. A little caught off guard, Dean can only stand and blink for a moment before he relaxes, bringing his own arms around the kid’s shoulders. He feels his mouth stretch into a slow smile.
Great. One more thing for him to have to worry about.
“Don’t sound so excited to see me,” she says, and Dean shifts away from her when she rests a hand on the back of his chair and leans on one leg to face Castiel. Dean doesn’t like the predatory gleam in her eye as she looks him up and down. “Who’s your handsome friend?”
“Don’t sound so excited,” she admonishes. “Ash and Andy and I are gonna find a party tonight, you in?”
He’s already got a steady thrumming in the tips of his fingers, and his eyelids feel heavy. It’s just starting to get harder to stay focused on what they’re saying around him, and he doesn’t want to get too high. The three others finish off the second joint just as the ride starts coming to a stop, the people in the car a few ahead of them clambering off onto the boardwalk.
With a wave, Sam heads off to bed.
“I’m interested to see what the town looks like in the daytime,” Cas says. Dean watches as Cas draws patterns on the planks of the docks with a wet fingertip. The water dries almost too fast for the swirls he creates to be visible. “It seems quaint.”
With a soft splash, Cas swims up close. He holds out a hand and Dean takes it, using it to pull him in between his knees.
) and he almost falls flat on his ass for the second time.
Dean almost tears the gate off its hinges, trying to crash through it before getting the code put in. He notices someone hung the sign that reads
“What the hell?” Dean says.
“Admit it, Dean, you don’t want to stay here - ”
Dean suggests they go to Dairy Queen, mostly just for something to do, something that’s just the two of them. The line is empty and they step right up, early afternoon and the middle of August.
Cas looks at him sharply. “What makes you think they’re angry with me?”
“And I think you’re a fine beer pong partner.”
“It’s mostly worked out. With the aid and the academic scholarship they offered you, we’re not lookin’ at too bad a deal.”
“Yeah, he’s asleep,” Dean whispers back.
“Yeah.”
“So, if you went in the ocean,” Dean says carefully. “They’d make you stay?”
Dean nods, keeping his eyes down for the most part. “I guess, yeah.”
“Yes,” Cas nods. “When I dry off, my tail becomes legs, but I only have them as long as they don’t get wet - ”
Jo rounds on him immediately.
His smile disappears pretty quickly when he feels his phone vibrating in his pocket. He doesn’t have to check the caller ID to know it’s John.
A young officer Dean doesn’t recognize greets him with a nod from behind the desk when he comes through the door. He must know why Dean’s there before he can introduce himself, because he tells Dean he’ll go get Sheriff Mills. Dean glances around.
Dean purses his lips, but he gives up the act pretty quickly.
without any water?
“Um,” Dean says.
Dean drops his face into his palm, flushing.
“I’m up! I’m ready!”
“You taste like Dean,” Cas replies, and Dean plucks Cas’s half-eaten popsicle from his loose grip and twists to toss it in the trash.
He almost chokes on his food. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Find Cas,” Dean snaps over his shoulder, not taking his eyes off Alastair and his slimy smile. He straightens up.
Dean gapes at him.
“Night, Sammy,” Dean whispers, and he ruffles Sam’s hair at the kid’s bedroom door.
.” Sam slams out of the motel room.
“It’s not his fault,” Dean says, suddenly feeling the need to defend his father. “After my mom, he… he wasn’t really the same. He dragged us around the country ‘cuz he didn’t feel safe in one place, and he didn’t know what else to do.”
Dean gets it for him.
“Yeah, and they’ve actually improved a lot. At least, they did where we were looking. Population went up like thirty percent, and you could tell how their whole surrounding habitat had changed.”
“Nothing. He just sounds dreamy, is all.”
“Okay.”
When he sees Sam look up at him from his right, Dean turns to him.
“God, he’s exhausting,” Jo mutters under her breath through a fake smile as she waves back, and Dean can’t help but appreciate her for that.
Tears flow freely down his cheeks and Dean lets them fall, doesn’t even wipe them away. It’s like all the stress he’s been carrying around has finally overflowed; the fear of decisions, of something new and big, of pulling away and of changing tides.
“Castiel?” he repeats, louder.
Cas works himself through his orgasm without taking his eyes from Dean and where his hand disappears between his legs, and Dean sees his throat bob as he swallows.
Dean glances down at himself and raises an eyebrow. “What, you mean my freckles?”
“Yeah,” Dean smiles. “He is.”
“Yeah,” Dean huffs a little bit of a laugh. “Must be weird for you….” He kneads at the side of his ribcage with his knuckles, nervously, but he stops when he notices Castiel’s gaze follow the movement.
Jo’s got a busted lip that looks freshly scabbed over, and she looks like she slept just as shitty as Dean did. He feels guilty, but at the receiving end of Jo’s dangerous glower, Dean’s caught up on how she looks scarily like her mom.
After Cas goes in, Dean sits in the Impala for a long moment, watching through the glass. He watches until Cas moves further into the store and he can’t see him from outside.
“No such thing as too late.”
Sniffing, Dean drags his knuckles over his eyes roughly. He nods down at the table.
“Not ‘till Friday, I think.”
“During the day tomorrow, though, I need your help around here, Dean. There’s some storm windows I’m installing on the back side of the motel, and I need another pair of hands.”
“Captain America,” Sam’s voice is muffled around a mouthful of macaroni.
“Let me,” Castiel murmurs against his lips.
lose it. “I’m okay. I just - sorry - ”
Cas shifts next to him. He doesn’t say anything, but he makes a soft noise of acknowledgement in his throat.
Dean stretches his mouth into a smile. “You don’t have to worry about me, Sammy.”
“I guess you’re gonna starve,” Dean deadpans, crunching on the last of the chips.
“Doesn’t my camp sound cool?” Sam asks around his toothbrush.
John never joins them for dinner. Usually Dean just leaves leftovers in the fridge for him, and they’re gone by morning, but he thinks he can count on one hand the times they all ate together. No one really seems to know what to do.
“I would like to ride some rides,” Castiel says, swallowing the last of his own food.
“I wanted to believe you weren't gonna go,” Dean interrupts. “But you are, aren’t you? That’s why they didn’t pull you home tonight, when you jumped in after me. Two days, and you’re going back anyway.”
“Shut up, Dean,” Sam says indignantly. “I haven’t puked on a ride in like three years.”
“Cas, you’re spending the night in the
It’s the third or so time that Cas has come running with him, and so far he hasn’t had any trouble keeping up. His legs get tired but he hardly gets out of breath, which Dean secretly finds annoying. Though he guesses it’s no surprise that the guy’s pretty fit, Dean’s mentally noted once or twice that when his legs get stronger Cas might be faster than him, which he only admits to himself grudgingly.
He leans forward for a minute, hands on his knees, waiting for the light to change. When it does, he crosses back to the ocean side and turns back for the Bunker. The last half mile he takes easy, jogging steadily until he reaches the parking lot, where he slows to a walk.
Both now bare chested, their mouths meet again with a new fervor. Dean’s fingers dig into Cas’s naked sides, urging him closer, and he slides one hand down to grab a handful of Cas’s ass and pull his hips down to meet his own, just as a car door slams, loud, close outside the window.
When he gets all the way around, he stops beside the same bench Bobby had set up when they were sanding. This time, resting on it are a couple of paint guns and three large paint cans, which Dean had been avoiding looking at until now. Finally, he turns to them.
He reaches a hand out towards Dean’s ankle, but Dean sharply pulls his legs up out of his reach. Surprise flashes over Cas’s features, and he draws his hand back into his own space, wary.
“As long as it’s the Crystal Skull,” Jo continues, encouraged, “so I can look at Shia LaBeouf, and you can look at Harrison Ford, and Sam can tell us the ending just like he does every other time.”
“You dried yourself out. And it worked?”
“Oh,” Dean says. “I’m alright.”
behind him.
Although he’s been working on this car for almost a month now, Dean still feels a rush of gratitude towards Bobby. He wouldn’t even
“Yes,” John says. “Adam. He turns nine next month.”
“Well,” Dean murmurs. “I’m glad you’re here now.”
Shaking his head, Dean says nothing.
“Hello,” Cas says quietly into the narrow space between them, a smile playing at his lips.
“Sure thing…” Bobby sets them down on the stool next to the radio. “How’s the car comin’?”
“You can see most of OC from the top, it’s pretty cool.” Sam explains as the ferris wheel slowly gets started. “We can point stuff out to you.”
Coast is clear. Just be quick.
“We’ve gotta ride the Freakout,” Sam insists.
“Let’s ride some rides after,” Sam says with a full mouth.
“All this time, I’ve been trying to keep you out of the rain -
“Yes, sir.”
“Sunscreen,” Sam answers as if that was a stupid question.
“There’s a mermaid in my pool,” Dean mutters, eyes following its movement.
Dean stares at him. When John doesn’t move, a giant shadow-darkened figure outside the door, Dean realizes he’s waiting for a response.
“No, Sam,” Dean says, and he turns back to face the front. “You’ve been waiting for this for weeks. Don’t - you’re being ridiculous.”
“I don’t remember,” he murmurs. He risks a glance at Cas’s face and finds him looking dubious. “Really, I don’t,” he insists. “I hardly ever remember my nightmares after I wake up.”
,” Cas says incredulously, and Dean and Sam trade grins in the rear view mirror.
Baseball tickets, two of them. They’re for the Minnesota Twins, dated for Sunday - two days from now.
“Give that back, you bitch,” Dean growls, and he jumps from the couch when Sam slinks out of his reach. He gets a handful of Sam’s collar and drags him towards himself, finally wrestling the letter from him and crumbling it up in his fist.
He ends up at Frank’s pet store.
“I got apple cinnamon for you,” his dad says.
Dean shrugs, swallows. “Almost a year. Found a picture of him. In my dad’s wallet.”
“You’re gonna have a life jacket?” Dean puts the car in park, turns to see Sam head-on.
Dean’s stomach twists.
Back at the apartment, Dean pours Cas a large glass of water and finds a few boxes of Kraft deep in the cupboard. Sam was right, they really don’t have much more than that to eat. He’ll have to ask John for some grocery money.
Frantically, Dean scrambles. He’s managed to catch himself on the ledge by his arms, his legs hanging down into the water where they kick and splash. He hoists himself up and out until he’s facedown on the cement, with the help of the pair of hands clinging to his shoulders.
“She’s soft,” Dean says.
“What did he say?” Dean asks softly.
Cas looks up with a guilty expression. “Um,” is all he says.
“I got a second sander, if you’re interested.” Bobby throws a thumb over his shoulder back towards the garage.
“Dean,
“When we were on the road, Sammy and I always shared a bed. We were usually in crappy motel rooms, so we’d have one bed and my dad would have the other,” Dean suppresses a yawn. “Sleeping with that kid was like sleeping with a monkey.”
“Oh my
With a full belly and limbs a bit sluggish with drugs, Dean’s mind wanders to the thought of going home to bed. It’s not late by any means, but he feels exhausted. Exhausted by trying to keep up with the conversation, exhausted with how the guys keep looking at him with sympathy when they think he doesn’t see, exhausted with trying to appear interested when Jo addresses him specifically and says he needs to come to Salisbury on the weekends.
Cassie frowns, and Dean glances towards the door, shifting from one foot to the other.
“It’s just, my friends, they don’t - ” He hesitates. “They don’t know that I, you know…”
“So I have to drink that beer now?”
“Sammy, cut it out!” Dean cuts him off, turning to face him completely. “I screwed up, this isn’t on you! Besides - ” The next clap of thunder is so loud it has Dean’s heart leaping into his throat and his stomach twisting familiarly. Ducking, he grabs Sam by the arm. “Come on, get inside!”
They start walking, making their way towards the ferris wheel that looms over the boardwalk.
Cas eventually loses interest and ambles over to where Frazier lays flat-out in the dirt and plops down next to him. The dog lifts his head, his tail flopping in greeting.
“Holy shit,” Sam whispers. Dean nudges him absently with his elbow for the language but he can’t help but agree.
Rufus has got two hoses thrown over the side of the pool, which is about a third of the way filled. The ladder’s out, and it looks like he was cleaning out the gutters or something.
“You’re gonna be okay, Dean.”
Dean drops his arms to his sides. “Quit bein’ a bitch,
“Look alive, Sammy,” Dean says, full volume, and doesn’t miss the way Sam winces at his loud voice. “Up and at ‘em, let’s go.”
They gaze at each other as they both come down. Cas looks impossibly soft, slouched boneless in the bench seat with a gentle set to his brow. Dean reaches up and smooths his hair back from his damp forehead, leans forward and presses a kiss to his temple. He feels Cas’s hands slide up his sides and there’s a reverence in the touch. They breath together.
“Seriously? What are those looks for?” He grouches.
“All weekend.”
“Are you hurt? Here, let me - ” Cas tries to splay his fingers over Dean’s chest.
“Am not,” Cas grumbles, and it makes Dean chuckle.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean puts a hand to the back of his neck, and finds clammy. “You’re okay, I gotcha. Alright? Come on, let’s get you up.”
“That’s a good look for you.”
“Guys, c’mon!” Sam darts into the arcade, and Dean and Castiel hurry after him.
Dean wakes up before Cas on Sunday. John had left the day before, without more than a note on the kitchen table -
“Right after you’ve eaten that hotdog?”
“There’s a herd of ponies over there,” Jo says with a tilt of her head, she and Sam veering off towards the right. “We’re gonna go look, you guys coming?”
He doesn’t like anyone touching him around his ribs, let alone give him this much attention, but Dean tries to keep the tension out of his shoulders and abdominal muscles. He tries to relax, because Cas is asking him to. He only flinches a little when Cas presses his mouth to Dean’s skin, right over one of the small, fingertip-shaped bruises that are scattered over his ribs. His breath hitches softly, but he forces himself to be still.
“Oh yeah, for sure,” Vic says. “What about you guys? What are your post-grad plans for the fall?”
“Jesus Christ, Dean,” Jo admonishes with a shake of her head.
Finally, his chest loosens, and though Dean still pulls in air a little too fast, his lungs open and slowly seem to work again. Dean holds onto Cas’s forearms and he quiets, the tension slowly easing away with the light from Cas’s hands.
,” Dean holds out both hands to cut her off when he can’t take it anymore, his nerves wracked up high enough and feeling like he could snap. “Please, stop. I can’t - ” He swallows. “I just, I can’t deal with that right now.”
Gabriel lets his shirt fall. “It’s warding. Keeps me off their radar. I got it when I finally finished puking my guts up - soon as I realized I hadn’t gone belly-up tryin’ to dry myself out.” He grimaces at the memory, but shakes his head as if to clear it away. “Anyway. It keeps ‘em off my tail. Pun intended.”
Coral butts her face against his wrist, her eyes closed as she enjoys the pets. Frank walks up to the front of the store then, clipboard in hand and wearing his usual frown.
“I’ve got some more stuff to do for my dad. Text me when you’re on your way tonight.”
Dean swallows. “Yeah, alright.”
“Dean - ”
“Too much life gets you into trouble,” he says cryptically. Dean wonders if he’s speaking from personal experience as well. “Naomi and Zachariah didn’t appreciate it, to say the least.”
“I’ve got the front desk tonight,” Dean says, and Sam grimaces.
“Let me heal your chin,” Cas says, and reaches for Dean’s face.
“I’m fine,” Dean says, though he rubs the pads of his fingers over his sternum. “What the hell was that?”
“Okay,” Cas nods.
, you big baby,” she nags, shoving him. “One little dip.”
“I saw your brother as he was leaving for school this morning,” Jo says. “He said you’ve got a new friend?”
“Sam,” Dean says seriously. “You
“Hey, Rufus.”
Dean thinks about the storm those weeks ago, that washed Cas into the pool. It was violent, and angry, and Dean wonders what could have made Cas’s siblings create something like that. He wonders why Cas won’t tell him.
There’s no hollering, no laughing, as everyone flees from the house. It’s not like the last party, when even though it got busted it was fun to run away, the adrenaline making them feel invincible. This time, Dean’s heart is in his throat and his breathing comes ragged, and he feels afraid. He doesn’t know if it was Alastair or the close call with the pool, but he’s unsettled, his stomach acting up all the way to ninth street, where they finally slow to a walk.
The expression on John’s face is soft, and there’s something distant in his eye that Dean’s never seen before and doesn’t recognize, and it scares him shitless. All the energy seems to leave his dad in a rush, and he suddenly looks exhausted.
Usually, though, it only lasts a few hours at most the next morning. Definitely not three fucking days.
“Hey, kid,” Bobby says softly, and Dean has his little brother’s name on his tongue and he’s this close to panicking, but before he can express his concern Bobby is shaking his head and saying, “I picked Sam up, don’t worry. Brought him home.”
“You’re not staying in here for everyone to fucking see you,” Dean says.
“Oh, fuck yeah,” Andy says with a grin.
“They’re Atlantic stingrays,” Cas says over Dean’s shoulder. “It’s okay, they’re harmless.”
“First thing.” Cas nods, and leans down to capture Dean’s mouth with his own.
“Yeah, he really did.”
He’s never said the words out loud before. Saying them is like an admission, like in acknowledging it he’ll make it true. He kind of feels sick, all of a sudden.
Castiel opens his mouth, but Dean speaks before he does. “Cape Henlopen area.”
Dean keeps an arm casually draped over the back of Cas’s seat for the rest of the game. None of them care when the Orioles lose, least of all Cas and Dean, who walk out of the stadium hand-in-hand and smiling.
Castiel eventually starts complaining, but in all honesty he lasted longer than Dean thought he would.
“Dunno. Nerd stuff, I guess.”
“Dean?” Cas murmurs.
Dean follows his gaze, turning his palm upward to see that it’s all scraped up and oozing blood just a little. The other hand is, too - probably from when he went sprawling backwards earlier. He only just now registers the sting.
“Yeah. Nice job with the car,” he repeats.
Dean hesitates. He flicks his eyes to Sam, but can’t hold the kid’s gaze at first. His eyes jump around the car before he can force them to settle on his brother. Sam scrutinizes him, his eyebrows drawing down in the middle at whatever it is he’s seeing.
“How long ago?”
Sam says nothing about waking up to find Dean asleep on the floor beside his bed the next morning. He does ask what happened to his face, however, as Dean is scrambling eggs for breakfast.
“This way,” Dean says, careful to keep his voice down.
It reaches for him, and he can’t scream. He floats, suspended in the water, and all he can do is squeeze his eyes shut as everything erupts in a blinding light, so bright it sears behind his eyelids, and all he knows is the light and the grip it has on his shoulder and the water rushing around him, until he hits the sand.
“Tempting,” Dean says. “But it’s okay. Really. I have to be up early to take Sam to camp, so I think I’m just gonna go to bed.”
“No one knows. But it doesn’t matter.” Cas meets Dean’s eye. “He’s not coming back.”
“It’s fine,” Dean tells Cas. “You guys can leave it up.”
Dean says nothing, just watches his dad talk to his beer. John takes another gulp and then finally turns to Dean.
“Coming,” Dean calls back, and his fucking voice cracks infuriatingly. He grabs a bowl and shoves it unceremoniously at Cas before taking the other two and brushing past him and out of the kitchen.
Dean can still picture how the kid’s eyes had always shone brightly, every time Dean made up a new monster that John had left them to hunt. He’d made Sam swear not to let their dad know that Dean had told him, and Sam had loved that just as much - a secret between Dean and Sam was almost as exciting as the prospect of their dad being a fearless demon-hunter.
“Hey,” Sam says indignantly, slapping Dean on the arm. “I do not. Hi, Miss Moseley.”
The strangled gasp that Cas makes and the way his hands fly to Dean’s hair has Dean resisting the urge to reach down and palm at his own currently neglected dick. Cas tastes like salt and skin and only faintly like dry unscented lotion, and Dean’s never done this for a guy before but he can imagine what he would think would feel good so he takes Cas as deep as he can and swirls his tongue on the underside of his cock. Cas’s fingers grip almost painfully in Dean’s hair and he gasps out “
“No eggs?” Sam mumbles, heading to the cabinet for bowls for the both of them.
With Cas’s help, Dean shoves his pants down off his hips, freeing his now fully hard cock in the process. Cas sits back on his heels to untangle them from around Dean’s ankles and tosses the sweatpants to the floor along with their shirts.
“I’m here.”
The five of them go in, and the tiny house is loud and absolutely packed with people. There’s beer pong in one corner, dancing in the living room, and this party is for sure getting busted but Dean’s going to enjoy it until that happens.
“Yeah,” Dean whispers. “C’mon.”
John’s door creaks as Dean opens it, and he steers his dad to his bed. John collapses onto it immediately, over the blankets.
Dean really wonders what merpeople’s beds are like in the ocean, because Cas sleeps like the dead on Dean’s piece of shit mattress.
He tries not to think about the other reason it makes him feel uneasy.
Later, in the Impala with the groceries in the back and the windows down, Dean lets the salty breeze whip through the car and he doesn’t think about Cas. He floats directionless, unanchored.
“So,” John says from where he has a hip resting on the front quarter panel, Dean elbow deep in the engine. “Things go okay here while I was gone?”
“My apologies. I misunderstood.”
“What kind of shark?”
“I’ve called Bobby, and it’s settled. After this first year, though, these loans are on you, you got that? It’s either that, or you’re done.”
“Watch it, jerk, I got the groceries!”
The eyes stare at him, as wide as the ocean and just as deep, making Dean feel like he’s in a tank. They peer at him, almost curious, a child at the aquarium.
“Ah, yes. Thank you, child.”
Another shrug. “Walked into a door.”
That question gets answered when they hear the apartment door opening down the hall. They both look at each other as familiar, heavy footsteps come towards the kitchen.
Dean watches Cas’s face as he takes him into his hand again, and man, is he rewarded. Biting back a smile, Dean focuses on the soft ‘o’ Cas’s mouth makes as Dean jerks him. With the lotion slicking his way, Dean tightens his fist just under the head of Cas’s cock on every stroke, and he watches how it makes Cas’s forehead crease between his eyebrows.
Cas sits back on his heels, giving Dean room to swing his legs over the side of the mattress. His heart still pounding hard, Dean stands, and Cas makes to come after him.
He takes it easy, the two miles down to the southern end passing slowly. With the humidity finally abating with these last few weeks of summer, being outside has actually been pleasant. The sun’s light becomes diluted as it sinks into evening, and the air is easy in his lungs.
“Come here,” he whispers again, so Cas does.
At a loss for what else to do, Dean just nods. He holds his breath until her hand finally falls away from him.
10:15am
Cas nods.
more questions.”
Dean pulls away, gasping. Water drips down his forehead from the ends of his hair, and off his nose. Cas breaks the surface as well, and they stare at one another.
They both startle, and break apart. Gasping, they stare at one another for a long moment. Dean strains his ears.
Cas nods and lowers himself down from the counter.
They both agree, though Dean has no idea what she’s talking about, and they head back towards the apartment together. Rounding the corner, their knuckles brush between them. Dean feels Cas looking at him, and turns to smile at him.
Dean nods against his pillow.
As soon as Sam’s back is turned he fishes to the bottom of the basket, feeling around for - got it. He scans it and shoves it in his pocket before Sam turns around. His pulse hammers in his chest, and he shakes his head at the flush he feels at the tips of his ears.
“You wish,” he says with a full mouth, and Jo makes a disgusted face.
,” John’s nearly shouting now, pointing his beer at Dean’s chest across their tiny kitchen, but Dean doesn’t take a step back, he doesn’t. In fact, he finds he’s just getting angry, his fists clenched hard at his sides.
“I know what you’re afraid of...”
“Oh, I’m not - ” The pool hopper looks hesitant. “I was washed up, in the storm.”
John nods. That was the right answer - at least, it was one that John liked.
“Well, that’s…” Bobby glances again from one guilty-looking boy to the other. “Good.”
“Hi,” Dean says.
“Fuck,” he mutters emphatically, and all but falls forward onto Castiel, catching himself with a hand on his thigh and one on the armrest.
“Oh, she’s lovely,” Cas says. “An absolute lady, as always.”
“He’s okay,” Sam says. Dean hears him close his book and set it on the nightstand. “He’s been a little sluggish lately.”
Dean and Sam stare at him a moment before they both pull disgusted faces.
“This is ridiculous,” Dean mutters.
When she hands over his change, Dean is careful to avoid brushing her hand with his.
Dean doesn’t know how he gets through the next couple of hours, and he can’t really even say how he passed the time. But when Ellen comes through the front doors just before 4:30, saying that she couldn’t sleep and decided to come in early to take over for him, Dean’s so relieved he feels like he could hug her.
“It’s alright,” Cas says, sliding both hands over Dean’s waist.
Blowing his breath out, it’s Bobby’s turn to drop his eyes.
Nineteen days. And Cas gave his word.
“Hey, guys!” Sam comes jogging up the sand, excited. “Look, dolphins!”
I love you guys so, so dearly.
“Dean,” Cas gasps as he clutches at Dean’s back, and hearing his name in that throaty voice makes Dean’s own dick twitch between his legs. Meeting his eyes, Dean sees the desperate expression on Cas’s face and he bends in to kiss him, open-mouthed.
“Hey,” Dean says as he pushes through the half-door.
He glances at Cas, who’s watching him curiously.
Dean and Sam explain to Cas the rules of baseball and point out which team they’re rooting for. He nods along studiously, but doesn’t have the usual serious expression that takes over his face when they’re teaching him something about humans. He’s got a twist to his mouth like he’s biting back a smile, and Dean’s not even sure if he’s listening to what Sam’s telling him. It probably has something to do with the way that Dean had made a point of reaching over, obvious as anything, to thread their fingers, and that their hands lay tangled atop Cas’s thigh.
Cas is patient with him. He doesn’t press for more, but silently waits for Dean to go on. They lie in the quiet for a long time as Dean gets his thoughts together.
“Sure, kid,” Rufus says as he climbs back up the ladder. “Your dad wants the fence repainted, since the new boards don’t really match. Grab a brush, Dean-o.”
“I just - ” Dean licks his lips. Quietly, he says, “Bobby, my - my dad won’t let me accept this from you.”
“Nothing?” Dean repeats.
He digs through his drawers, Cas waiting patiently over his shoulder, clearly enjoying his turkey on white bread. At the bottom of one of the drawers, Dean finds an old pair of blue swimming trunks that he forgot he even had. He has no idea the last time he wore them. He stares at them a moment, before he grabs them and thrusts them at Cas without looking at him.
John sets his fork in his empty bowl and leans back in his chair, folding his arms across his chest.
“She’s requested three,” Ellen says, swivelling her chair to the neat stack of bath towels behind her and shaking her head. “Lord knows what she’s doing with them all, but that woman…”
John pulls the fridge open and grabs another beer.
His breath is caught in his chest, and he rubs roughly against his sternum.
“Okay. I’ll dry off and get dressed.”
“This is a good spot for this,” Dean murmurs. He lets his own hands trail over Cas’s torso, palm skimming across his chest beneath his shirt. The TV still plays softly, forgotten by the both of them.
“So, we’re cool?” she asks carefully.
“Yeah, okay,” he says finally.
When they pull away, Dean tips his forehead against Cas’s and closes his eyes with a sigh.
“Enjoy your fucking baseball game.”
He grabs the closest one to him from the shelf and stalks off, shoving it to the bottom of his basket.
The sun is just disappearing beneath the bay side of town as the four of them pass through the gate to the ride, lucky to be getting on with the next trip. Following Garth’s direction, they clamber on, Andy and Ash settling on one side of the passenger car and Dean and Jo sliding in across from them.
Dean stares out the windshield. There’s a sharpness in his throat, and he concentrates on breathing past it. His phone buzzes in his pocket, but he barely notices. Sam hasn’t moved from his seat.
Taking a deep breath, Bobby sinks back into his chair. “Unfortunately, son,” he says, regarding Dean gently. “That part I can’t help you with.”
,” Sam says suddenly. “Did you
He doesn’t move from where he stands until John finally turns away to swing his toolbox back into the truck.
“That doesn’t seem very fair,” Cas observes, and now Dean’s frustrated.
“I miss swimming,” Cas finally says, and Dean watches the water as he listens. “I mean really swimming, for miles. I can travel a long way in a day.”
But then something is there with him, suddenly. It’s close, nearby him in the water. Even with terror clenching his muscles he feels its presence. He slows.
However, as the day goes the questions do come, one by one.
He sounds so sincere that Dean can’t help but glance up at him, but he
“Everything okay?”
Understanding, Dean shakes his head. “Bobby - ”
Dean scoffs, shaking his head. “That is not true.”
“Uh, o-okay,” Dean stutters. “Yeah, me - me too.”
“Tell me what you need,” Cas whispers, and they’re breathing each other’s air, heavily.
Cas pushes off the ledge, diving backwards. As his tail comes out of the water, it’s with a splash, and Dean leans away to avoid getting wet. Cas disappears under the water, and Dean rocks forwards onto his hands and knees to peer down at the surface. Cas stays under so long that the ripples he created become still, and the surface flattens out.
Dean doesn’t hesitate. He turns to Cas, who’s waving at the camera with a grin, and slides a hand around his jaw. He tips Cas’s face towards his own and leans in without a second thought, kissing him on the mouth for the whole stadium to see.
“It was my fault,” Dean says miserably. “I was a dick to him. I thought - I thought I was pissed at him, but - that wasn’t it.” He stabs at his food. “And then I took it out on him, like a jerk. I don’t blame him for being done with it.”
When John tells Dean he’s got work for him around the motel the following afternoon, Dean’s almost relieved. Sam’s down at the beach with some friends, and Dean wasn’t sure what he was going to do otherwise.
Shadows lay on the room, cast by the neon sign outside the window. They shift as a car goes past on Coastal Highway, the sound of it whooshing by the only break in the quiet between them, the window cracked to let in the cool night air. Finally, Dean faces his father.
That evening, Dean cleans the entire apartment. He tried to watch a movie with Sam but found that he couldn’t, that sitting was making him restless. He does the dishes and cleans out the fridge, and he scrubs down the cabinets until the kitchen sparkles. He collects Sam’s and his own dirty laundry, and he vacuums the bedrooms.
Dean pulls up short in the doorway, Bobby looking up from where he’s got a pot on the stove.
“They are not,” Cas scoffs. “As a matter of fact, I think you should add spots to it, too, for visual interest - ”
“Sure,” Dean says. When he finally looks to Cas, who’s turning to set his sander on the bench, it’s only then that Dean’s eyes get caught on the way his t-shirt sticks with sweat between his shoulder blades, how it clings low on his back.
“Dean,” he says. “You were having a nightmare. Breathe.”
The words come out sounding flat but they still hurt. They drag up from where they were shoved deep in Dean’s chest, scraping like splintered driftwood the whole way. The words he couldn’t say for the past nineteen days, the ones that were flooding him.
Blearily, Dean blinks awake.
Sam lifts an eyebrow, swallows a bite of his sandwich. “Seriously?”
, and he didn’t know where his dad or his mom were and he couldn’t breathe.
Lisa looks disappointed, but he turns away to find Cas in the crowd, who he lost in the few seconds it took to talk to her.
“So, all those merpeople in your pod,” Dean starts. He leans forward to rest his elbows on his knees. “Are you related to all of them?”
“Yeah, that’s neat,” Dean says. He offers Missouri a small smile. “How are you, Missouri?”
Dean opens his eyes to the sight of Cas sitting cross-legged on the floor in a patch of sunlight coming through the window, chugging a glass of water. There are two other empties next to him.
Dean finds that while there are many instances, very often, when he’ll look at Cas and have to do a double-take, his gaze getting caught on him, it’s on the beach where he finds Cas to be the most beautiful. Just thinking that makes him want to kick himself, it’s so sappy, but he lets himself stare.
Settling between Dean’s knees, Cas tilts his face up for better access. Feeling bold, Dean bites gently at Cas’s lower lip and he responds by opening his mouth, and their tongues meet.
John looks to Dean, who avoids his accusatory gaze. “A fort?”
Dean sits in the parking lot for a while after dropping Sam off for his third day of camp, until long after Sam had gotten out of the car. John had errands to run and hadn’t left Dean anything to do, and the day stretches ahead of him, empty. Not for the first time in the past few days, Dean feels like he’s drifting.
Dean tries to keep his scowl in place but he can feel it losing its heat.
“Of course I did. I said I would - dude, how did you get in here?”
“When I looked again, they were gone. But they - recently, when I’ve been in water, they’ve - they’ve been saying things to me.” Cas finally meets Dean’s eye again with a worried look. “I mean, they always say things, but they’ve been getting more insistent. I’ve been ignoring them, like always, but maybe I shouldn’t have been.”
There’s a beat where Bobby just frowns at him, and while it’s only a couple of seconds it feels so long that Dean thinks he might crack open under his stare.
It lifts a hand, and raises it to rest against Dean’s palm with the glass between them, and Dean wants to flinch away but he can’t move.
It’s not as though he could’ve told his dad the truth - that the dreams of scales and brine and shifting sand pull at him like the undertow every night he’s in there, that his own breath echos back at him from the walls of his room like crashing surf, that his bed feels emptier than it ever has.
in front of everyone. As much as Dean feels like he should be nervous about that, it really doesn’t seem like anything’s changed. His friends are acting just the same as they always do. Dean glances around at them all, as they joke and laugh with Cas, and he feels a rush of gratitude towards them.
Jo sighs heavily. “You’re killing me. Please come. I spent twenty-five bucks on this stuff and I would love for you to share it with me.”
“Goodnight, Dean.”
Cas sighs and turns to glance at the water over his shoulder. There’s a sort of curve to his brow that if Dean were being honest he would say was apprehensive, and it makes him frown.
“I apologize. How was your run?”
Grubby cap pulled low over his eyes, and poly-fill vest faded after probably decades of being worn, Bobby Singer epitomizes the archetype of an old crank. Living alone in a salvage yard with an ‘attack dog’ doesn’t help, but Dean’s known since he was a kid how much of a softy Bobby really is. It was only in the last couple years that Dean had grown out of calling him ‘Uncle’.
“And you guys still good on groceries?”
“It’s fine,” he says eventually. “Much cleaner than the water in the harbor.”
The two of them hang out in Sam’s room for much of the night. Sam lends Dean a book off his shelf and Dean sprawls across the bed with it, Sam stationed at his desk.
Sam finds them just as Castiel is passing two hundred, and his mouth falls open.
“Fine, thank you. How was your shift?”
“Yeah, sorry.” Clearing his throat, Dean rolls the joint between his thumb and forefinger, hesitating for just a moment, before he brings it to his lips and takes a drag. His first pull on it is small, but with the second he holds the smoke in his lungs until it burns. Muffling his cough with the back of his wrist, he passes it off to Jo. He ignores how her eyes linger on him as she takes it.
His dad’s gonna kill him.
“Well?” She asks when he says nothing.
Dean smiles. “Feel good to be in the water?”
“Okay,” Cas says finally. “I apologize for mentioning it.”
Dean wakes up disoriented. There’s a crick in his neck, and his hand tingles from the way he’s lying on his arm. Dragging it out from under himself and clenching and unclenching his fist to dispell to pins and needles, Dean blinks around.
“It’s complicated, Cas, okay? I wouldn’t expect you to understand,” Dean says, and it comes out louder and more harsh than he intended it to. He takes a calming breath, and lowers his voice a bit. “Listen… I know some of the shit that went on back then was fucked up, okay? I can forgive him for all of that.”
John’s eyebrows shoot up. “For a
“It was a long time ago,” he says. “It’s a dangerous thing to try - you know what happens when I go too long without water. I’m sure it’s incredibly painful, if it even works. If - if one were to survive it.”
The mattress bounces softly as Cas rolls towards him, and Dean feels his arm come around his middle. Though he stiffens at first, Dean forces himself to relax as Cas scoots in close at Dean’s back. He tucks his knees in behind Dean’s, and plants a soft kiss on his shoulder blade.
They look at one another a long moment more, father and son, and there’s an understanding between them that hasn’t been there for a long time, if it ever was. With John’s eyes on him, Dean actually feels seen.
Slowly, Dean’s mind returns to the present, where he and Cas are lying under a blanket fort where it’s soft and warm and dim, their socked feet nudging together and their hands on one another. He lets himself smile.
, he needed my help - ”
After a moment, Cas takes off his own jeans and joins him. Their skin brushes under the blankets, and Dean resists the urge to pull away. As much as he wants Cas’s touch, as much as it physically hurts to lie beside him and not reach for him, Dean feels agitated and precarious and he keeps himself carefully separate.
having his ass handed to him.
Dean watches Sam’s ice cream melting, threatening to drip down his hand as he talks.
Cas hesitates, but only for a moment. “Yes. I… studied it. In school.”
, Dean thinks, temple pressed against upholstery, and he swings his elbow down over John’s wrist, knocking his hand away.
“Shit,” he mumbles.
“Hi,” Dean says, his own mouth pulling up at the corners.
Dean juts his jaw out stubbornly. “You sound like Cas.”
“It’s not till August,” Sam adds. “The second week.”
There’s a flutter in Dean’s stomach, but it’s not a bad one. It doesn’t feel like uneasiness, for once. As Cas brushes his hair back from his forehead, Dean fights to hold back a smile. “Tomorrow.”
“Yeah, yeah, I got it.” Halfway out the door, Sam turns back. “This conversation is
Cas nods, keeping his eyes on his hand, which continues to skim over Dean’s skin. “Gabriel. He was… different. He had a lot of life - that sounds silly. I’m not sure how to explain it.”
“Yeah, yeah, we know,” Ash says impatiently. “Pass it.”
Dean himself is feeling pretty good, and he’s more excited than he thought he would be to party. Yeah, he’s been to senior week parties before, but now that he’s one of the people who are supposed to be there, and he’s looking forward to not just feeling like a townie kid for once.
“Sure,” Bobby nods. “Just let me know what.”
Cas chuckles as Dean makes a disapproving noise. Tossing the toy into the pool, Sam slides in after it and climbs on. It’s not done very smoothly, and involves a significant amount of thrashing and splashing. He gives Cas and Dean a thumbs up when he finally gets settled. Dean shakes his head.
Dean tries in vain not to think about the car as he wanders the boardwalk in search of Jo and the guys, the sun sinking low on the other side of Coastal Highway.
She rolls her eyes. “Come on, Dean. Don’t be such a baby. Vic’s in town, and he brought his new British girlfriend. He wants us to meet her. Cas can come, too.”
“Hm.”
“Yes, sir,” Dean and Sam reply simultaneously, and they turn and dart for the door, Castiel following.
“Yeah. Things’re fine,” Dean says shortly.
“Eat your damn food,” he grouches, and Sam complies. Dean watches him a moment  before starting to clean up.
Cas nods.
Dean doesn’t head for the sidewalk of Coastal Highway when he leaves the apartment. With bare feet, he rounds the pool deck fence’s perimeter until he hits the wood of the narrow path that leads to the beach.
“Do you like it?”
John snorts, and shuts the refrigerator with too much force. Dean hears things rattle on the door, and something fall.
“Yes, ma’am,” Sam says, but Missouri’s attention has shifted to Dean.
“I’m not.”
“You wanna help sand?” Dean asks.
All these things Dean should be looking at, and instead he stares at a pair of blue eyes - eyes that are deeper and wider than the sea at his back.
“Oh.” A pause, then, “Can I meet her?”
“You’re clueless, you know that?”
“I - okay - ” Dean blabbers, not even sure what he’s saying, “Yeah - no, I understand, I - the first year, that’s - ”
Listening to them talk, Dean learns that Andy is moving into his new apartment in Wye Mills over the weekend. Ash’s orientation at MIT is almost a week long, so he leaves on Tuesday. Jo leaves a bit later in the week, which Dean had already heard from Cassie. It doesn’t pass by Dean that the conversation stays carefully away from him and his own plans - they all know what he’s doing.
Dean lets him.
“I’ve dreamt of you every night since you left.”
When Cas nods, apparently unable to form words, Dean shakes his head.
. Dean, where’d you get all these?”
Dean nods. “Yeah.”
“What, Dean - ” Cas says without lifting his head.
Dean happened to be right. Castiel
Cas shakes his head, still looking concerned. “No need to apologize.”
Cas justs shrugs. “They’re delicious, actually.”
Sam laughs.
June moves slowly, sluggish in a way that’s warm and bright and lazy. The sun shines a pleasant amount for nearly three straight weeks, a stray thunderstorm only here and there, and just enough to cool the evenings off.
“Your lips are blue,” Dean murmurs.
Cas is bumped hard from the side, causing him to stumble as he’s pulling Dean to his feet, and Azazel rushes past them to the edge of the pool. Dean catches a glimpse of his eye already starting to swell, and blood at the corner of his mouth.
“Can’t feel ‘em,” and Cas chuckles.
The three of them kick off their shoes and carry them so they can walk north through the sand, Castiel sipping his water, his dolphin tucked under his arm.
The paint inside shimmers in the morning light, and Dean blinks against it at first. When his eyes adjust, his throat closes up at the familiarity of it.
“Yeah,” Dean nods. “Bobby gave it to me for graduation. It’s gonna be so sweet when it’s done - it’s not running, yet, but I’ll get it there.”
They settle at a picnic table, Dean with his cup and Sam with his cone, and Dean takes note that it’s the first time in a while it’s not sweltering hot and oppressively humid. He takes his time with his ice cream.
He wants to break things in his rage he’s so furious, he could punch a hole in the wall and keep going until his knuckles crack, and he lets the fierce, angry words fill him all the way to the brim, encourages them to take him under because being pissed off is so much easier than admitting to being hurt -
They regard one another, Dean leaning on Cas and Cas leaning on the car that Dean put back together, on some dirt road next to a rain-soaked wheat field. The sun comes slanting in, bright through the mist of the last of the thunderstorm hanging in the air, and Cas’s eyes are breathtaking in the light. They’re the fathomless, shimmering blue that they only get in this kind of sunlight. Like the shallow waters of the ocean just before the sun goes down and it shines in at an angle, like the iridescent scales of a powerful tail against bathtub tiles. Dean’s caught in them.
“We were off playing a game, not far from shore, when we saw it. We heard it, first, heard yelling and such - ”
Just then, the motion light flicks on from around the side of the motel. Dean whips around, and catches movement through the boards of the fence.
, please -
Staring resolutely out the front window, Dean focuses on the sunshine glinting off an old Volkswagen as he talks. “Growin’ up, he would leave sometimes, and I’d be in charge. And sometimes, the money would run out, and we wouldn’t always have enough to eat, but I made it work. That was my job. And he
“No,” Cas says, but he drops his eyes a little sheepishly. “We do have a few hallucinogenic plants, but we’re not supposed to eat them.”
“So,” Cas says when they’re in Dean’s room, Cas sitting on the edge of Dean’s bed and Dean on his back on the floor. “What is a ‘boardwalk blaze’?”
“Geez Dean, rusty much?” Jo beams at his loss, and Dean steps away from Cas, causing his hand to fall away.
“I’m takin’ lunch,” Rufus calls to him.
“Shut up, bitch,” Dean grouches, but without any real intention.
Dean scoffs and rolls his eyes.
“Did you guys just get here?” Cassie asks politely.  She also has a cup of beer in her hand, and someone who Dean recognizes as one of her friends hovering beside her.
“We have a bunch,” Sam says with a shake of his head, but he’s not acting like he thinks Dean is being crazy or overbearing or annoying, which Dean appreciates. “Besides, the chaperones get in the kayaks, too,” he adds with a knowing look. They both know that’s not something Dean can do.
“See? That’s awesome. And there’s a field trip, too.” Sam shuffles through the pamphlet, apparently looking for the field trip information.
,” it corrects.
“You scared the fucking shit out of me, Dean!”
“Nice day,” Dean says, his breathing finally back to normal. Cas hums beside him. “How are your legs?”
He thinks this, and then he steps out of the shed and back into the sun just as Sam is coming through the gate onto the pool deck - and following close behind him is Castiel. They both wave at him, and make their way over.
But when Cas kisses him, Dean kisses back with immediate enthusiasm, still chuckling. Dean holds onto the sides of Cas’s t-shirt and tilts his head, slotting their mouths more firmly together. He makes a happy noise in his throat when Cas’s hands wander down Dean’s torso, skimming over his belly to rest on his naked waist.
He tries to school his expression into something a little more normal. “Uh, yeah,” he clears his throat. “Yeah, I’m good. Just - tired.”
“Too much heart for his own good, that’s always been it for him,” Gabriel says. “Anyway. You were in the water. Pretty much dying, as I understand it. Inias told him to leave it be, don’t interfere, the usual shit - but Castiel disobeyed. He swam you to shore, then they dragged him back home to be punished and you were everything to him since, and everyone knew it.” Gabriel glances at him. “The boy with the seagrass eyes.”
“Not far,” Dean shrugs. “I knew my dad would be back, and he’d be lookin’ for us, so I couldn’t go far. He finally woke up, a week later, and I don’t wanna know the shitstorm he kicked up in the hospital,” he chuckles, but Cas doesn’t crack a smile. Dean gnaws his lip. “Anyway, he called Bobby, and Bobby flew out there and found us, ‘cuz my dad was still useless on his feet. But he convinced my dad to move us back, after that.”
, he thinks, and he forces himself to grab the pool net.
Smiling, Dean glances at Cas, and does a double take when he sees him watching the two of them quietly.
Sam glares. “Cas isn’t eating his,” he says, and gestures with his fork at Cas’s plate across the coffee table.
“Dog,” Dean addresses him, scratching his head. His tail thumps. “You’ve got no responsibilities, you know that? Seriously, you’re a lucky son of a bitch.”
Dean groans as he straightens up, unfolding himself from the cramped position. He twists, making his back pop all the way up his spine. He can feel his shirt sticking to his chest and lower back with sweat, and he has half a mind to just take it off as he looks across the hood at Cas, who’s watching him with dark eyes. Robert Plant continues to croon through the speakers of the old radio Dean had pulled out of Bobby’s garage.
Castiel, it turns out, is
They get a few weird looks getting off the ride, and Dean wonders if he looks about as smacked as he feels all of a sudden. He’s obviously not the only one, as he has to grab at the back of Cas’s shirt as he trips going up the curb, keeping him from falling on his face.
He looks to Cas’s face as he gazes out over the expansive ocean, and Dean imagines that his eyes are rather wistful.
going for a swim, now.”
“Oh.”
Dean turns it over in his hands, trying to ignore the aching in his stomach. He doesn’t know where it’s been all this time. Maybe it’d fallen behind his dresser, or into one of his drawers. Either way, he knows who must have found it and who put it on his pillow. Before he left.
Dean stares at him.
“Work might be a bit of any overstatement, but she starts,” Dean says. “I’m not sure how far she’ll make it if I actually try and drive her.”
“I’m glad I am, too,” Cas says.
. This ain’t your fault.” Which is true. It wasn’t
At that, Dean laughs. It’s dark and it’s dangerous and it hurts, Dean’s insides squeezing violently as it crashes out of him like high tide.
Sam rolls his eyes, but he smiles. “Sorry you got stuck with this jerk,” he says to Castiel. “It’s nice to meet you. Where’d you move from?”
He’s going to do it. Now is his chance.
Seriously?”
,” Dean says, exasperated, and Jo chuckles.
“Well,” Cas squints towards the ocean. “A lot of humans. A lot of cars. I touched a few trees.”
“Dean - ”
There aren’t a lot of people that he recognizes. A few are familiar, people who live here year-round that went to his high school, but most of them Dean assumes have houses in this neighborhood - seasonal places, where they only come for the summer. He spots a keg about halfway down the dock, and makes a beeline for it.
“And I’m still pissed you went behind my back on this.” His dad levels him with a scowl, but it’s far from the worst Dean has ever seen and it softens around the edges. “But you’re right, kid, you…”
“Shit, you okay? You look like someone’s crapped in your cheerios,” Rufus chuckles at his own joke.
“Jerk!”
“I told you to leave me the fuck alone, and you didn’t,” Dean growls. “And then you got your ass beat - that seems like the part you’re forgetting. So fuck off.”
Charli is amazing as always for looking over this chapter! xo
“Well,” Dean says. “I can’t believe I’m making out with a merman, either.”
Dean turns to Cas, who’s sipping his drink and looking around with wide eyes.
“What?” Dean asks, the forced casualness almost painful.
,” Sam interrupts, and Dean rolls his eyes. “Because dad’s an asshole and he’s trying to punish you, still, for the stupid pool - ”
Dean swallows, blinking water off his lashes. “I don’t know. I think so.”
“They’ll probably be sore tomorrow.”
“Watch yourself, Sam, before I smack you in the mouth,” he growls.
And then, emerging from the water from behind the guy with a slosh, is a huge, scaly, iridescent tail. It’s probably six feet long, and it’s freaking
John’s jaw clenches and he twitches, and if Dean didn’t know any better he would think it’s a flash of some kind of hurt that he catches slip past that mask that’s been in place for twelve years now. Frankly, he can’t bring himself to care.
As Dean watches, John opens his mouth as if to say something, but shuts it again, and it’s a sight Dean’s never seen in his eighteen years of life - John Winchester, looking unsure. It makes him uneasy.
With that, he slings his towel over his shoulder and turns on his heel to head for the sliding door. Dean scoffs, his face burning, but Cas just laughs.
At the window, he pulls the blind aside and blinks out into the dark. It’s quiet in front of the motel now, the vacancy sign reflecting dully off the wet pavement. He checks to make sure no letters were blown off the sign again, but sees with relief that the words
“Shh,” Cas whispers, and his eyes are dark and his hand is tight around Dean’s cock and that was so hot Dean nearly comes right then. “You’ll wake Sammy.”
Dean pulls off his shirt and collapses onto his stomach on a towel, grabbing the chips and taking a handful. Castiel plops down right in the sand, already bare-chested.
“You got a job?” John asks.
“Your eyelashes are so long,” Cas says unexpectedly.
“Don’t,” he says with a shake of his head. “Seriously.”
Jo stays quiet.
“Yeah,” Dean smiles. “Frazier’ll love you. He’s huge, but he’s real friendly.”
Castiel follows Dean to his own room, munching on his sandwich behind him.
fat. It’s mostly hair. Pet her.”
“When did you learn how to drive cars?” Castiel asks.
“Yeah,” Dean nods.
Finally, Cas turns to look at Dean. “As you remember, my brothers and sisters can create some very strong currents.”
“Is this okay?” Cas asks, and at this angle the light from the neon sign is cast across his face just enough for Dean to see his pupils blown wide and his lips spit-slick and swollen.
“Night, guys,” Sam says over his shoulder before pulling open the door and slipping inside. He waves before tugging it shut behind him.
“You okay here?”
“Yeah,” Dean says quickly, nodding. “‘Course, man. Told you I could, didn’t I?”
Jo, Ash and Andy head down the hill, jostling each other and laughing.
“C’mon, Cas!” Dean leaps up, flicking away the cigarette he and Cas were sharing before grabbing Cas by the wrist and yanking him to his feet. “Time to go!”
After briefly contemplating the forty dollars John had given him, Dean nods. He can make it work. “Fine. Only two bags of chips, then.” Sam grins and drops the popsicles in the cart. “Go get bread, too. I’ll go through the meat section and see you back at the front.”
“Shh,” Cas murmurs, and Dean feels the fight leak out of him.
Dean stares at him for a beat with his mouth open. “No, that was not funny! Quit laughing!”
“Okay, weirdo.”
“I’d really like to see the fireworks,” Cas pipes up.
Dean’s met with a pair of giant brown eyes, and he freezes.
Dean nods.
Dean does, and then he does it again, and eventually his panic starts to subside - he’s not drowning. He’s okay. Breath snagging in his throat, Dean finally starts to settle.
By the time Cas comes back Dean’s pretty much recovered. His breathing has slowed to its normal rate and he feels pleasantly sleepy with post-orgasmn endorphins. He smiles lazily as Cas shuts the door quietly and wanders back to the bed.
“What the hell’s your problem, Dean?” Sam says angrily.
“Boy, am I happy to see you,” Alastair snarls from above him. Dean is scrambling, trying to get to his feet but Alastair steps forward and kicks hard. The toe of his boot cracks off of Dean’s hip and he grunts at the sharp pain, people’s feet shuffling out of the way as he tries again to clamber upright. “You think you’re funny, don’t you, Dean? Think that stunt with the pool was pretty clever?”
“I… recognized you, yes.”
His dad wordlessly passes him a plastic bag with the hardware store logo, and Dean takes it. He peeks inside as his dad heaves his toolbox from the bed of the truck.
“You dropped this.”
A little over an hour in, Bobby wanders back to check on their progress, nodding in approval at what they’d gotten done. When he mentions the heat Dean registers for the first time the sweat he feels trailing down his neck from his hair.
Sam just scoffs at that. “Okay,
“Jesus,” Dean swears, and looks down at himself. “Really, dude?”
Apparently at a loss for words, Cas just gapes at him, saying nothing.
“Yes,” Cas agrees. “There’s definitely that.”
Though Cas looks reluctant, he settles back on his heels. Dean grabs one of their t-shirts from the floor and pulls it over his head, not even caring that it’s inside out.
Dean glances at Cas, who’s watching him curiously. He shifts from one foot to the other. “Yeah, he did.”
That night, Dean moves back into his own room. He collects his things from Sam’s floor and returns them to his bed, arranging it all neatly like he likes. He pulls Shelley the dolphin out from where she was wedged between the mattress and the nightstand and returns her to her spot beneath the covers.
“I do, too,” Cas says simply, and something catches in the back of Dean’s throat. “I know we haven’t - know each other very long.” It’s Cas’s turn to glance away sheepishly, and Dean thinks it’s the first time he’s seen the expression on his face. “But I care about you, too.”
The apartment door opens with its loud creak from around the corner, and they break apart abruptly.
“Um, no, I don’t have to go home.”
“Like… you eat them?” Sam asks slowly.
“Sure,” Sam yawns as they pass each other.
“Oh, he did?” When Dean shoots his brother a glare, Sam is looking the other way as if not even listening, feigning innocence.
“So, what?” Dean asks. “You’re… human, now?”
Dean gets up and goes to the slider. Though he peers nervously through the glass, nothing moves on the other side. He turns the lock sharply, gives the door a tug to make sure it doesn’t budge. When he returns to behind the desk, it’s to sit and chew his nails with a leg bouncing, agitated.
“Yeah?” Dean shoves some napkins at his brother on his other side, taking a bite of his hot dog.
“Well, well, well,” Meg drawls, hands on her hips. “Fancy seeing you here, Dean-o.”
Alastair chuckles, a sickening sound that’s way too close to Dean’s ear, and Dean bucks violently. He gets a knee up, sharply, and drives it fiercely into Alastair’s stomach. That elicits a groan of pain, Alastair easing up on the pressure just enough for Dean to roll onto his stomach and scramble to get out from under him. Looking over his shoulder, Dean aims a kick at Alastair’s head as he struggles away. Though he gets an arm up in time to avoid getting stomped in the face, Alastair still takes most of the blow to the top of his head.
Cas starts laughing again.
Frowning, Dean tosses his keys in the dish and leans in the doorway.
Dean pulls his popsicle from his mouth with a sigh. “It’s a tradition that me and Jo and some other friends have.”
Dean feels his dad rub soothing circles over his back, and can feel his voice reverberate deeply in his chest as he murmurs to him. His lips are at Dean’s hairline, warm and comforting, and he squeezes Dean until he feels like maybe he won’t come apart.
Dean shrugs one shoulder, his face heating. “I’ll work on that.”
When Dean tries to take the damp washcloth, Cas doesn’t let him, pushing Dean’s hand away and dropping to his knees next to him on the mattress. So Dean just watches, laying back on the pillows with heavy eyelids as Cas gently takes care of him.
“She’s younger than you?”
good at shooting games. It takes him halfway through the first round just to hold the gun right, Dean shouting instructions at him while trying to keep his own character alive. Castiel wins the third round by dumb luck, but the grin on his face when he collects his three tickets makes Dean think his own loss was worth it.
Dean nods absently. “Yeah, okay.”
Sam shuffles into the kitchen as Dean’s getting milk from the fridge, the cereal already out on the table.
Too distracted by Castiel’s mouth and his cock in his hand, Dean doesn’t pay much attention to the sounds of Cas fumbling for the bottle or of the
“Yeah,” Dean discreetly slides the bat back under the counter as Ellen flips through the check-in book. “Yeah, I’m gonna do that. Thanks, Ellen.”
“It’s mac and cheese. I’m sure you’ll like it, everyone likes mac and cheese. Here,” Dean picks up a spoon and takes a scoop, turning around to find Cas startlingly close. The guy really has no sense of personal space. Dean holds out the spoon. “Try it.”
“Hm. Your mom still here?”
Cas stays silent, apparently listening intently.
“Today was
“Wait, I gotta get my quarters for the arcade.” Dean rolls his eyes but waits as Sam dashes to his desk and empties his quarter jar into his pocket.
“No arguing,” interrupts Naomi’s voice. “By the next moon, we expect you home. If you’re not, there will be appropriate consequences - more than what you’ve already incurred, that is.”
“Oh, perfect, Garth’s working,” Jo says. Dean cranes his neck, and sure enough, there’s Garth checking tickets. They can hear his cheerful voice all the way from their spot in line, and Dean shakes his head with a smile.
Dean turns to him, eyebrows raised, to find Cas looking earnest. “You wanna learn how to drive?”
“No,” Cas says with a shake of his head. “No, that’s - that’s all they said.”
“Dad, wait - ”
“Put your seatbelt on,” Dean repeats, voice hard.
“What’s nothing?” Sam says, and he twists away when Dean tries to grab at his shirt, flattening out the envelope to read the front.
Cas looks down at himself in only underwear, and then turns and heads back down the hall.
“And then he washed up,” Gabriel agrees, and he shakes his head. “I heard a lot of that fight, actually.”
With nothing better in mind, he goes back to the Bunker, where he finds Sam rifling through the junk drawer in the kitchen.
They get into a rhythm rutting against one another, Dean with a handful of Cas’s ass. He can feel Cas’s cock stiffening against his through the layers of fabric between them, and it makes his skin feel hot.
“It’s Millers Creek,” Sam explains. “It’s not even the bay. I don’t think there’s even gonna be a current.”
“I, um… I wouldn’t have wanted to do it with anyone else,” he says, and as soon as it comes out of his mouth he’s not sure if it came out right, if it sounded too sappy, and he blushes.
“Don’t be afraid to touch me,” Dean breathes, and he pairs his words with a soft grind of hips, deliberately dragging his thigh over the hardness in Cas’s sweats.
Sam turns to Dean and says nothing, just raises his eyebrows high.
“You’re gonna watch Caddyshack one of these days, though, Cas,” Dean whispers when they’re settled under the blankets. “And you’re gonna appreciate it.”
“So… what did they want?”
Cas smiles wryly. When Dean stifles a yawn, Cas frowns.
“I’m sure it’s just a precaution,” Sam says with a shrug. “In case some dumbass kid drops it.”
As much as he dislikes the idea of anyone coddling him, protecting him from some made-up monsters in his head and keeping them at bay, Dean doesn’t say anything to Cas about it. He tells himself that it makes Cas feel better to think that he’s helping, soothing Dean with his merman mojo before the dreams really get a hold of him, and it would hurt his feelings if he were to tell him to quit it. That’s what Dean tells himself.
“Okay,” Dean says, and realizes too late that that wasn’t really the proper response. There’s too long a pause before he awkwardly adds, “You’re welcome.”
“Yes,” Cas says with a nod. He glances between her and Dean.  “Hello again.”
“Dean!”
Having sunk a bit into the sand, Dean is careful not to lose his footing. When he’s confident that he’s not going to fall face-first into the water, he raises his eyes towards the motel.
“It’s beautiful,” Cas murmurs, and Dean nods in agreement.
Dean can feel the friction of the carpet on the top of his bare ass where his pants have slid down low but he doesn’t care, barely even registering it. There’s a heat in his belly that spikes each time his dick slides against Cas’s but it’s frustratingly fleeting and he needs more.
“Those cups aren’t free, you know,” she grouches.
Dean rolls his eyes. Sam takes a KitKat bar from the shelf with a hopeful expression, but Dean shakes his head. “No. Put it back.”
Giving Dean’s shoulder one last squeeze, he stands. Pushing himself up from the mattress, he grunts softly as his knee pops. Dean’s eyes follow him across the room.
Just as he turns away, Missouri calls, “Dean, dear.”
“Your eyes aren’t even open.”
Dean laughs, and bumps Cas with his shoulder. “Shut up.”
“This is Sheriff Jody Mills,” she says, but before Dean’s heart can jump too far up into his throat, she quickly asssures, “No one’s hurt, don’t worry. I’m sorry for callin’ so late.”
“Will you come back tomorrow?”
Dean stares at the screen until it goes dark. Not long after, it buzzes again.
Dean’s face warms a bit and he lets out a chuckle in spite of himself. “Yeah?”
“Did you know about my dad’s other kid?”
“Yeah,” Sam says with enthusiasm, and he flips it back around to look at the front himself. “It’s a week long, and it’s led by the Maryland Coastal Bays Program. I think it looks neat. Listen, it says we’d be doing - hang on - ‘outdoor investigations including critter sampling, orienteering, watershed studies, kayaking, forestry, and more!’” Sam lifts his head to grin around the table.
“Yeah?”
“Fine. We’re a little over half full right now. Probably won’t fill up this weekend, but it’ll be close,” she flips through the check-in book, Dean looking over her shoulder. He notes that room one is still open - hopefully it still will be by tonight.
“Okay - relax, Sam.”
“Are you sure you’re okay?”
“Yeah,” Dean replies, looking at the absolute mess of his room. “What the hell are you doing?”
As they wait for their turn to get off, Dean carefully takes stock of himself. He smooths a palm across the bottom of his sternum, but it’s more out of habit than self-comfort. For the first time in nearly weeks, his stomach actually feels okay.
“Yes,” Dean says, way too fast. “I mean - yeah, I want her. I just - holy shit.”
“Still,” Cas says, “that’s quite an accomplishment, Dean.”
“Yeah, I think so,” Dean says, taking the cord from him and connecting it to the electric sander.
Thankfully Sam’s concentrating too hard to have heard that, because Dean thinks he just might’ve shit himself.
At one point, Cas shifts to lay with his head on the armrest of the couch, and his back pocket crinkles. Dean looks over just as Cas is frowning and reaching to pull out whatever it is, and Dean knows before he even sees it.
“Do you want to put your feet in?” He asks.
Dean takes a breath.
“Oh, I’m just fine, child,” she says. “I saw that your father’s home. That beauty of a car doing okay?”
“Oh, really?”
“Well, when I - when I was six, there was… an accident.”
They only stand there a short moment before Missouri’s back, holding a small object wrapped in brown paper that she proffers to Dean.
He’d been on the beach with Sam since mid-morning, mostly just lazing about. Just past noon Jo had joined them, and Dean enjoyed having her company. They hadn’t done much talking, honestly, but sitting in companionship in the warm sand, watching Sam splash around in the surf was enough for Dean. He’s not afraid to admit how much he’ll miss her.
“Gee, Cas, I don’t know,” Dean says sarcastically. “You say that they disapprove of being on land, and then you get all weird and you clam up.”
“Okay,” Cas says, but he still looks dubious.
Dean calls Sam back as the kid goes running for the water so he can slap some sunscreen on him, though Sam grumbles under his breath about how Dean “never wears it.” Dean ignores that.
“Wow,” Cas’s voice is quiet with awe, and when Dean looks to him he has to do a double take.
Dean pauses. He casts a scrutinizing look across the table at his little brother, but Sam is preoccupied with his desert and doesn’t meet his eye.
, Cas.”
Gabriel gives a derisive snort. “Hardly,” he says. He casts Dean a glance. “No offense.”
“It’s good, you know,” Dean rubs the back of his neck and keeps his gaze down, watching her hands work. “How ‘bout you?”
“Hey, Dad,” Dean says, and taps a knuckle against the door jam. “We’re goin’ out. Is that cool?”
John nods. “Good. I want you doin’ more around here until that camp of yours, alright?”
The water still pools around his ankles. The breeze rustles through his hair, insistent. He stares at the figure before him, and he holds his breath.
“Good morning, Coral,” Cas says with a smile, reaching out to scratch behind her ears. She chirps happily, nudging up into his touch, and Cas turns to Dean. “Do you hear?”
They both work up a rhythm, jerking each other fast and gasping each other’s air. Dean can’t help but meet the movement of Cas’s hand with little thrusts of his hips, fucking into the circle of his fist. He can tell when Cas starts to gain some confidence because he begins changing things up a bit, altering the twists of his wrist and swiping a thumb through the precome beading at the tip of Dean’s cock.
An uneasiness.
“Uh, I don’t know.”
As if just remembering it was in her hand, Cassie scans the cereal.
Dean’s heart suddenly kicks up in his chest.
Both of them nod, and Dean smiles.
“Cas,” he gasps, voice wrecked. “Cas, I’m gonna - I’m gonna come - ”
“I heard you’ve got the night shift all weekend,” she says with a smirk. “Your dad’s that pissed about the pool, huh?”
He wants Cas to say he’s leaving, now, because then at least he’ll have something to push back against, something to channel all his fury at. He wants Cas to say it because he can’t -
The little field is illuminated. The light shimmers across the surrounding water and on the faces of the four of them as they stare up in wonder. Dean drags his eyes from the display to glance around at the others, smiling when he sees how broadly Sam and Jo are grinning.
“Yes, ma’am,” Cas repeats, and he catches sight of Dean and smiles. “Hello, Dean.”
“Me and Bobby have a few places picked out.”
“Yeah, almost nine years, right?” Dean says with a sarcastic smile that’s more like a sneer. “Well, I don’t want to hear it. I know you don’t give a shit about what I want, but I’m sticking by that. So save your breath.”
“Shut up, bitch,” Dean shoves him, blushing fiercely.
Dean’s got sweat dripping off the end of his nose, and it’s driving him crazy. Almost there - Dean grunts, wrestling to get the bench seat in place.
Cas grinds down into him without hesitation, and Dean’s mouth falls open as he tightens his fingers in the muscles of Cas’s back. Dean can already feel his dick beginning to fill inside his pants, no doubt a result of two weeks without much attention.
Castiel turns when Dean’s fingertips trail over his wrist, and they regard one another. It’s the two of them standing in the gentle tide in the middle of a wheat field, and Dean draws Cas close until their noses bump. Cas tilts his head and kisses him.
Eyes trained on the bedspread, Cas doesn’t respond.
Though he’s tense, Dean does as Cas asks and stays where he is. He sighs.
Something about the way he says that strikes something in Dean, but the feeling passes before he can recognize it.
His own voice sounds far away. “What?”
“Yeah, Benny, I think I’ll just get the usual,” Dean looks to Castiel. “Do you - ”
“No.” Dean cuts him off with a shake of his head. “Don’t you fucking dare, Cas. Don’t you fucking dare say that to me again.”
Cas suddenly throws his arms around Dean’s neck, and Dean laughs in surprise.
“This doesn’t change anything,” Dean says abruptly, and John falls silent.
Dean stares at him, bewildered. “So it’s true, then. You did do it.”
Gabriel huffs at Dean’s lack of amusement. “They all think I’m dead, kid,” he says with a broad gesture over the water. He turns back to Dean to wag an emphatic finger at him. “And lemme tell ya, life is just way better that way. Ask me the last time I had anyone telling me what to do. Go ahead, ask me.”
