“Why do you even care?” Stane rolled his eyes, shuffling backwards to prop himself up against the opposite wall. “Who do you work for? Did Raul send you -?”
“I guess so,” Tony agreed, chest feeling a little tight even as he said the words. “So, uh… yeah. I’ll meet you at the airport later.”
“You snitched,” Tony replied slowly, expression hardening, “and now a Nazi sympathising biker gang has your fifteen year old brother hostage -”
Around them, the other people in the bar laughed raucously and sang as they drank; Tony was under the impression that a team had won a sports thing, or something. Probably. Honestly, Tony had no fucking clue.
The further he ventured, the more he noticed. Someone had dragged an old, metal barrel up here, and there was a controlled fire inside. It wasn’t very big – had obviously just been lit. Next to it, there was a deckchair that Steve had thought they had thrown away years ago, and on that chair -
“How are you all doing tonight?” Tony screamed into the microphone, and grinned helplessly as thousands of people screamed back at him.
Peter snuffled against Steve’s shoulder and then gave them a watery smile; Peter liked sleeping in their bed just as much as Tony liked having him in there with them. If they both had their way, Peter would still be sleeping in their bed when he made it to adulthood.
“I’m not saying hide it,” Peter replied quickly, unsure how to get him to understand. “Just… just don’t mention it, maybe? High school kids can be really cruel about this stuff.”
The room was pretty bare. There were a few machines hooked up to him, but the gentle beeping told him they were checking his vitals, so that was fine. Other than that, however, there was a window off to one side with an unrecognisable view outside, a door on the opposite wall, and that was about it.
“I’ve gathered everyone together,” he told them. “This world isn’t the same one you left, but, for now, everyone who Thanos snapped is back.”
He wasn’t bitter. He wasn’t. Why would he want to be a part of the nerd gang? Rules, regulations, government intervention? Ha, not for him, no sir. He didn’t need any more friends, either – he had Rhodey and Pepper, and JARVIS, too. He had more friends than a guy knew what to do with.
,” Rhodey huffed, pulling up a chair on Tony’s other side. He took Stark’s hand and gripped it tightly, unshed tears shining in his own eyes. “You fucking
They stood there for another moment in silence, before, as one, turning to the door at a sprint. Steve beat Tony to the security office, but Natasha was already there when they ducked inside. She had CCTV footage up on the screens lining one wall, flicking from one angle to another, to another in her search for whoever was out there.
It looked like it split Rhodes in two, but he did as he was told and stood. Steve followed him to the door, and decidedly didn’t look back as a sob followed them out.
For just a moment Steve didn’t know what to do, but it felt right, and he wrapped his arms around Tony to hold him close, kissed him back, and let the world fall away around them.
“Stop it!” Peter hissed, tugging Tony back when he looked like he was going to lean over and talk to her. “What are you doing?”
On the day of Tony’s birthday, Steve woke him up with a customary blow-job, and then the kids had lunch prepared for them by the time they finally made it out of their bedroom; they’d even wrapped presents, bless their hearts. Tony had requested an easy afternoon, so they’d made some snacks, put a DVD on and celebrated with a glass of champaign each (Peter had been practically faint with giddiness at getting to try some).
“And when we get home, we go right back to how everything was before,” Steve added. “The only thing that changes is that me and Daddy will wear a wedding ring, and we’ll have the same last names.”
“Thanks,” he mumbled in reply, pushing his hood back so he could fit it in his left ear. The right one, Steve was pleased to see, was already in his ear.
Rhodey had seemed impressed by the place; maybe they were an expanding franchise, or had speciality food or ale in stock. Fuck, maybe they had a PR team that was driving people in, or -
“No buts. Get your grades up,” he told him, getting to his feet. He kissed his Ma on the cheek, then grabbed Clint to kiss him on the crown of his head, and finally planted a kiss on Tony’s lips. “Okay, I gotta go. I’ll see you all tonight.”
The party was going swimmingly, if Tony did say so himself. Though, honestly, he couldn’t remember a party he had thrown that hadn’t been anything other than a complete success. His parties these days tended to have a lot less coke and hookers and a lot more family friendly activities, of course, but the sentiment was still there.
“Then I say we go find that technology, track ol’ grape face down, and crack his skull,” Rocket yelled, slamming his tiny fist down on the table in front of him.
“Jeez, gimme a minute to process, buddy,” Bucky huffed, throwing a glance over his shoulder. The beauty at the end of the bar was still muttering irritatedly to herself. He hoped he wasn’t the source of her irritation. “What am I supposed to say to her?”
do-able, but still probably not achievable. You’d have to petition to the education boards, and I’m not really sure on the procedure of new colleges being built -”
“Adorable,” Steve murmured as they pulled away again, and then, to Peter, asked, “Did you say thank you to Daddy for helping you, Pete?”
“I’m not Captain America,” Steve replied quietly, and the other side of the phone went silent. “Not anymore.”
“Morning,” Tony hummed with a happy sigh. Smooching James sloppily on the cheek, he let the boy down so he could wrap his arms around Steve’s waist. “You’re looking particularly ravishing this morning.”
Steve nodded his head. Unlike Rhodes, he couldn’t seem to take his eyes off Tony. He was dangerously small, his grey skin seeming paper-thin around his brittle, broken bones. Steve spied what looked like a stab wound – old, by now, but not healed – against his right side, and refused to think about what could have caused it.
“You don’t want to be friends with those kids. They’re fucking assholes, and I wish there was something I could do or say to make things better for you, but honestly? I’m still just as in the dark with this stuff as you are.
Overall, dinner went… cordially. Honestly, though he was hotter than the third circle of hell, Steve kinda seemed like a bit of a stick in the mud. He was uptight, quiet and frustratingly polite to a point. Tony and Natasha had never been like that, not even in the beginning, and Tony wasn’t sure he liked the whole
“Um, you could get beaten up?” Peter replied immediately, surging to his feet after Tony as he got off the bus. “You could get
The lunch lady looked mightily unimpressed that he was asking for two portions, but in the end it seemed like she just didn’t care enough to make a fuss, and handed them over.
“Can I get a cellphone, too?” Tony asked, thinking about how Pepper and Rhodey were probably worrying. “And my armour? Where’s my armour?”
Steve was fairly certain his capacity for processing trauma had reached its peak well before he’d even been defrosted. Logically, he knew that everyone was grieving, tired,
There was kind of an unofficial ceremony once soulmates found each other, in which their fairies lifted the spell keeping them hidden so their human’s soulmate could see them, too. Traditionally, the fairies, though they could see each other, were supposed to wait to meet until they were introduced to their human’s soulmate, also. Tony had always thought it was a bit of a stupid rule, but it looked like Bucky’s fairy wanted to play it by the book.
They had decorated for Christmas about a week earlier. Peter had been ecstatic about being able to help put the ornaments on the tree, bouncing around excitedly on his chubby little toddler legs. Even Tony, whom Steve had always kinda assumed would be a bah humbug, had been humming along to the Christmas playlist JARVIS had made for them, wearing a Santa hat with pride the whole time.
He waited impatiently for the elevator to come back to him, and got in quickly when it did. Fiddling nervously with the bottom hem of his sleep shirt, not completely sure he was prepared for whatever it was he was going to find when the elevator doors opened, he tried not to panic.
“I’m being serious!” Tony insisted. “He’s nice to me, okay, but there’s a difference between being friendly and flirting with someone! He’s just a nice guy –“
The Red Skull, leader of the gang and aptly named because of the huge red skull tattoo covering his whole face, came to a stop right in front of them, and only then did Steve realise, with a sickening jolt, that there was someone tied up on the back of his bike.
Steve a lot,” Natasha hummed as Tony tugged her chair back for her, smiling at the waitress as she handed her a wine menu. “So I’m guessing male. Is that gonna be a problem?”
His day started like no other; he woke at six, went for a jog around the Facility’s perimeter, and once he was back inside he blared the morning’s news through his suite while he showered. There was never anything new to hear; more people dead in riots, another government toppled, suicide rates quadrupling. Every day the same. Every day just a little bit worse.
“Hey!” the blonde woman called, having just spotted Steve skid to a halt in the middle of the lawn. “Hey, you! Friend or foe?”
“I don’t doubt it,” Tony hummed, because James was already starting to overtake Peter in height, and there was half a year between them. “And then, when you’re big and strong, you’ll be able to carry me around like I’m carrying you, huh?”
“I want there to be a university that is open for all,” he finished on barely a whisper. “I want all year round housing for people who can’t go home, or who don’t have a home to go to. I want courses that can be taken via Skype, so that people fighting overseas can still get an education for when they get back. I want access for the disabled, both physically and mentally. I want people to be able to learn at their own speed, and not worry about the cost. I want a place where people can be
He was incredibly thin and felt brittle in Steve’s arms. After a long second, Tony lifted his arms and wrapped them around him, too, and in that moment Steve felt like everything was really going to be okay. They were together, and regardless of what had happened, regardless of the Accords, they were going to fix this as a team.
“Rogers, makes sense,” Tony nodded, and shook Steve’s hand. Then, rather tactlessly, he dived right in. “So, you opened a dive bar opposite my fancy restaurant and somehow you’re stealing my customers.”
“But that’s just the thing,” Cap frowned, azure eyes sparkling a little in the artificial light. “You’re not like the other villains we’ve fought before. You don’t kill people, for one thing.”
“You seem a little stiff, awkward,” Steve explained, moving Tony’s hand to his waist. “You need to relax. Don’t be afraid to pull me –
“Hmmmmm – thanks,” Tony mumbled around a hum, a proud smile on his face as he led them back across the stage again.
been kinda domestic over the past few years. But that wasn’t a bad thing, right? Sure, he tended to be the one who stayed at home with Peter while Steve went out on missions, but that was just because Tony still had ties to his company, too. He was the one who normally got Peter washed and dressed for school, sure, but Steve always cooked for them. Steve did bedtime stories better than Tony – Peter told him so every time it was his turn –
“You miss that bit when I said I was an expert marksman?” Clint smirked. “You think I can’t take a little twink like you down nice and easy?”
“You need to rest,” Natasha sighed, almost as though she had been reading his mind. “Recuperate. You took some pretty big hits, and I know you have the Serum, but you’re not invincible, Steve.”
Clint was fifteen. Steve’s Ma had taken him in at the age of seven after having found him rummaging through their garbage cans for food. He’d never really told them the full story, but they were both pretty sure he’d run away from a very abusive household. It had apparently been bad enough that when his Ma had officially requested to adopt him a year later, she’d been granted full guardianship pretty much immediately. Clint being deaf had proved a bit of a challenge for them both, and Steve still remembered washing cars for a whole summer when he was younger so he and his Ma could afford to take a sign language course, but Clint was family, and he deserved their love and respect.
“I was part of an unprecedented army incident. That’s where the money comes from,” Rogers continued quietly. “Despite our pasts, some of us made it to university – Bruce, Jane. The majority of us didn’t, not for lack of trying, but lack of funding, lack of accessibility, lack of opportunity.
Steve was just about to agree when, as though an angel with impeccable timing was looking down on them, he heard his phone chime a text in his pocket. Not even stopping to check it, because he knew who it would be, he screamed, “She’s got him! Everyone retreat!” and then sped back down the alley with Pietro’s limp body still draped across his back.
They had given him the official Avengers number, from what it looked like. Cap had even sighed it underneath. And underneath that… there was another number. A cellphone number, it looked like, and this one was sighed
Steve was an all-round artist. He could play the piano as well as the guitar, sing, and was amazing with a paintbrush. He was well educated in history and the arts, and was a sarcastic little shit to boot.
As he had expected, Steve’s door was firmly closed and he was nowhere to be seen when Tony quietly slipped out of his apartment. He tried to ignore the way his chest ached as he passed by Steve’s apartment, and instead made himself focus on the day he had ahead.
Everything was already going to hell when they got outside. Even without the gauntlet, Thanos was incredibly powerful, and even the Hulk didn’t seem to be able to quite get the better of him.
“Sir, if you could just calm down,” he placated, holding his hands up defensively. “I just… I need to understand why you need this in the first place. Your letter makes it out as a dare, but there aren’t any neighbours for hundreds of miles around here, and it’s really not a sound investment -”
“I always knew you’d be the death of me,” Tony rolled his eyes, but there was a spark of life in them that Steve hadn’t seen for years. “Of course we’re all coming.”
“The problem is,” he mumbled, cramming some noodles into his mouth, “is that being bombarded with his dick is actually the perfect way to start my morning.”
“Yes, because that always ends up going well in movies,” Steve sighed, taking another sip of his coffee.
“Dust it off into the trash, kiddo. Don’t just knock it onto the floor,” Tony told him, kissing the top of the boy’s head as he passed towards his and Steve’s bedroom. “Night, everyone.”
“Tasha, no, come on,” he sighed as she staggered to her feet and turned away towards the door. “Natasha!”
“You’re welcome,” Rogers replied with a grin. “Now, I have some business to attend to with Mister Stark, so if you don’t mind -?”
“Lily, baby, do you want some eggs? You haven’t eaten a whole lot of your cereal,” Steve called from the stove, dishing himself his breakfast up.
“We might have to accept,” she started quietly, and looked down at her feet with a sigh, “that, this time, there’s nothing we can do.”
Tony thought about lying for a moment. It really wasn’t any of Steve’s business why he was there, after all. But then again… Steve seemed like a nice guy. Maybe they could work something out?
Jumping to his feet, he started to wade his way through the throngs of people after her. She held her drink very well, certainly, but there was no way he was letting her walk home by herself this late, drunk or not.
“I wasn’t on it, Tony,” Steve told him, reaching to hold Tony’s hand in both of his own when he started patting him down for injuries. “I didn’t fall; I’m fine.”
“That’s okay, Peter,” he sighed, leaning down to help him to his feet. “You’ll get it next time, okay? You all right?”
Steve, he was a little embarrassed to admit, was his best friend. The guy took his work very seriously, sure, but he was good for a joke, too. Bucky had never met anyone as fiercely sarcastic or sassy before, and he loved Steve for it. He encouraged Bucky to quit his job at the building site, because it really wasn’t making him happy, and start afresh with something new. Now, he was only working in a bar, but it meant that he got to meet tonnes of new people every night and have a good time on the job; the money wasn’t bad, either. It was the start of the change that he had been craving for so long, and it felt great.
“You can sit down, you know,” he hummed, taking a deep swig of his beer. “I don’t bite, you know. Not unless you want me to.”
“I’m not a baby!” Lily cried from behind them, and with a final kiss against the nape of Steve’s neck, Tony pulled away from him to go greet his other children.
Rhodey glanced at Steve for a moment, which in turn caused Tony to turn his head to him. But Steve didn’t know what to say. He knew what it was like to wake up after thinking you were dead to find out the people you loved were dead instead, and he didn’t wish it on anyone. Rhodey seemed to realise he wasn’t going to get any help, because when Tony turned back to him, all he could do was shake his head sadly.
But honestly, he didn’t know what he meant. He didn’t even really know where these weird feelings were coming from. He had always been isolated, had isolated
“Because,” Peter’s bottom lip began to wobble again, but Pepper just hugged him tighter and continued to stroke his hair. “Because my friend Harry’s mommy and daddy were married, and they got
Steve shook his head, frustrated beyond belief. He wanted to shake her, rattle some sense back into her because this wasn’t the Natasha he knew, this wasn’t his
“Sure,” Steve nodded sagely, and then smiled. “If you ever need anything, I’m just across the hall. My door’s always open; come right on in, okay?”
He wasn’t sure how they quite managed it, but somehow the Avengers managed to get Tony out of SHIELD. Seriously, it wasn’t like the Avengers on their own were the most inconspicuous of people – add onto that Tony, dressed in a pair of standard issue blacks and the
“You the kid Stevie keeps talking about?” a complete stranger cut him off, before promptly slipping past Tony and wandering into his apartment.
“A nice guy who seems intent on getting you to see him naked?” Pepper hummed. “In my experience, those aren’t the kind of guys you want to be dating.”
“If you grab the last of the bedroom stuff, I’ll take your TV in, yeah?” Rhodey was deciding as the door opposite Tony’s opened and a nearly naked man stepped out.
“There’s nothing to talk about,” Peter shook his head, and then took a sip of his water. “Flash doesn’t have the vocabulary.”
That thought immediately flew straight out of his mind when, as he finally got to the huge front doors, he was met by a guy in a pair of daisy dukes, purple bow-tie, matching mohawk, and not much else.
“Much… much better,” Steve stuttered, heart hammering madly in his chest. “Yeah, this is… yeah, much better.”
He jostled Peter gently in his arms and got a giggle for his trouble, so he counted it as a win and decided not to press the matter any further. Tony would be lying if he said that some of the things that seemed to irritate Peter didn’t worry him, especially with them having had such a turbulent start with him and all the psychological damage that could have potentially been done, but he knew that Peter was a good kid. Definitely Steve’s son, but a good kid, and seemed to be growing into his own skin with each passing minute, these days. He was miles apart from the quiet, terrified toddler Steve had rescued from that fire five years ago.
Rolling his eyes fondly again, Steve leaned over the back of the couch to kiss first Peter and then Tony on the top of their heads, and then headed into the kitchen to get Peter a little snack and his evening milk.
“You’re no fun, Pete,” Tony sighed as the bus finally came to a stop outside the school, and everyone started getting to their feet. “What’s the worst that could possibly happen?”
“Come on, get up,” Steve laughed, pushing himself to his feet. After a moment, he reached a hand out for Tony to take, and helped him to his feet, too. “Your footwork’s fine, but you need to work on your leadership.”
“Guys like us might not run the playground, but we sure as hell run the world, kiddo,” his Dad finished, and then gripped Peter’s shoulder tightly. “You’re paying your dues early, sure, but your future’s bright, kid. You’re damn braver than I’ve ever been, too, so I know you can do this.”
Tony knew she was trying to act as wingman for him, and he loved her for it, but he was one hundred percent certain that Steve wasn’t going to sleep with him, tonight or potentially any other night. But what was he supposed to do? He’d promised her he’d make an effort, and for the sake of her happiness he was going to have to stick to that promise.
Pepper stepped forwards and cupped the bag tenderly, though she didn’t look inside. Instead, she looked to Steve. Something on his face must have translated, because she gripped his elbow with one hand and cupped his face with the other.
But even if he did have the occasional thought about joining the Avengers, rebranding himself, he was pretty sure they wouldn’t take him. He was fairly certain that Captain America guy had a stick so far up his ass it was physically visible every time he opened his patriotic mouth; there was no way he’d let someone like Tony on the team.
“Hey, handsome,” Tony hummed, leaning in to peck Steve on the cheek as they drew together in wait. “Pepper said you had a couple of issues with the squirt?”
, but that had been convincing. Feeling a little foolish, he took a short step towards her, watching cautiously as she flipped her dark hair out of her eyes.
Tony waited in silence with bated breath, for once in his life not really sure what to say or do. Then, after a pregnant pause, another voice replied, muffled, from somewhere nearby, “Goddamn it, woman, not again! I just showered!”
“Well, you won’t find your soulmate unless you get yourself out there,” he reasoned, voice dipping a little lower as they got into the elevator. Fairy and soulmate business was very personal and strictly confidential, which was why he was technically supposed to stay small and out of sight.
Tony growled, low in his throat, and tipped himself forwards for yet another kiss. “If there weren’t three gremlins in the next room bound to come running at the mere hint of noise, I’d bend you right over that table and -”
“Not a word,” he mumbled, though he allowed Steve to wrap an arm around him as he rejoined their group.
“I… really?” Lang asked. “A lot of stuff has been going on, and I… well, when I got back I came straight here. What’s…
“No!” Peter huffed, pausing the game he was playing on his Stark Pad long enough to roll over the side of the chaise lounge he was lying on and spring up to his feet. “I don’t want to!”
“Tony, are… are you upset because a bunch of teenagers don’t think you’re cool?” Steve asked gently, and Tony’s pouty bottom lip told him all he needed to know. Sighing heavily, he took the guitar from Tony’s hands and pulled him into a hug. “Honey, you’ve never been a cool human being – not back then, and definitely not now.”
“Ever since that fight a few weeks ago,” Cap shrugged, “the one where I hit you in the face with my shield -”
Natasha growled and slammed her marker down, sending Tony a truly unimpressed look. Tony shrugged, unrepentant, and with a scoff, Natasha glanced at the clock on the wall and then sighed. It was 5pm – jackpot.
“Good morning, honey,” his Ma hummed, reaching a hand back to pet his messy hair. Steve felt his heart bursting with happiness as he watched them interact. “There’s coffee in the pot.”
Steve introduced him to some of his friends, Natasha, Clint and Thor, who Tony found out soon enough were also musically inclined. Tony, himself, could play classical piano, though he hadn’t practised in years, and secretly prided himself on his gritty voice; together, they were a match made in heaven.
“Good to know,” Tony nodded, and then grinned again. “Guess this is where I leave you then, huh, kiddo? You got a kiss for your old man, or –“
Peter sniffled some more, bottom lip sticking right out around his pacifier as he raised his little head, but ultimately nodded his head and raised his arms for Steve to pick him up. Never passing up a chance to carry his boy, Steve scooped him up and cradled him to his chest.
Peter started, surprised, as his Dad appeared from nowhere, a gaggle of other kids around him. In a turn of events that Peter had never expected in a million years, Flash Thompson grinned, of all things, and then stuck his hand out to shake his Dad’s hand.
“I am,” the guy nodded, and then held his hand out with a kind smile. “Steve Rogers, nice to meet you.”
It was the stupid Avengers getting in his head, is what it was. Nothing more. There had been a moment in that fight, right before he’d thrown his shield at him, where Captain America had looked Tony right in the eye. Cap’s helmet had come off at some point in the fighting, and he couldn’t have really
There was a loud clank from behind them, and Tony had just enough presence of mind to yank Cap down and under him before Stane tugged the discarded bazooka towards him and fired.
The doors of the elevator were just closing as Steve padded out into the living room, but when he looked up at the illuminated floor numbers mounted on the wall above, he realised that Tony was going up rather than down – even
He still looked thin – thinner than Steve had ever seen him before – but not quite as gaunt. There was colour in his cheeks that hadn’t been there when he’d first arrived back, and a spring in his step that was starting to reappear for the first time. He was home; that really was the best medicine anyone could ask for.
Bruce had prepped for surgery by throwing a clean sheet over the pool table, of all things, and was instructing Thor to lay Pietro down on it when Steve entered the building. Quickly running his hands under the facet behind the bar, Bruce ran over and started looking Pietro over whilst everyone gathered around.
“I don’t mean you guys,” Tony rolled his eyes, trying not to fidget as Pepper started applying butterfly bandages. “I
“Hey, buddy,” came a friendly voice from his left, and he turned in time to see a smiling man with an armful of menus coming towards him. “Can I find you a table, or is this just a flying visit to the bar?”
“Hey, neighbour,” Steve murmured with a shy grin, stepping into view through his door. “Long time no see.”
“We could also loose control and destroy everything,” Steve countered, but his argument sounded weak even in his own ears. “We shouldn’t…”
But between the joy, he realised there was still something he needed to do. The universe wasn’t safe until the gauntlet was gone, and though it felt incredible, he knew that it, too, needed to come to an end. As though it were a sentient thing, something jolted in his head and he thought he heard the stones screaming – but maybe that was just him. His whole existence started to hurt, and he could feel himself start to tear apart.
“So, he hummed,” trying not to show how heavy his heart felt in his chest. “It’s your birthday in a few days.”
“You’re all crazy here, aren’t you?” he asked, still grinning. Hell, he could feel himself starting to go a little insane already himself.
“We, um…” For a second, Tony seemed to falter, obviously caught up between his new friendship and the fact Peter was his son. “We met at a summer camp last year. A, uh, math camp.”
“Morning, neighbour,” he’d called unashamedly, even throwing a little wave Tony’s way as he padded over to his fridge. “Have a good day!”
Steve smiled and then kissed him again, but ultimately had to pull away despite Tony’s whining. “You’re going to be late.”
“How’s your headache, buddy?” he asked Steve, turning away from her so he could get back to polishing glasses.
For a split second, Tony seriously thought about ignoring whoever it was and hoping they went away, because he wasn’t expecting Pepper or Rhodey, and realised they were the only two people he would really open his door to anyway. After a moment, however, it became apparent that the knocker wasn’t going to go away until Tony had opened the door, and so, with a deep sigh, he pulled himself to his feet and headed for the door.
Steve couldn’t help but smile a little at that, because Tony was right. Taking a deep breath to steady himself, he tipped his head forwards to momentarily rest against Tony’s, and then he pulled back completely.
knew he was brash. “Okay, my turn. You’ve obviously got strong morals. You and Bucky seem really tight, which is nice. You’re generally very well put together. Your ass is… just stunning, really, I’m in awe, and… well, I mean, your lips look like the most kissable things I’ve ever -”
She could have done worse for herself, Tony decided, and then immediately felt like her father for thinking that. Gross.
While they continued to bicker and wander past, Tony came to a stop by Steve’s dressing room. When they opened the door, a screaming noise immediately started up. There had to be at least twelve girls in there, a harassed looking Bucky Barnes trying to wrangle them.
“I guess I do like watching you baking cookies or colouring with him,” Tony mumbled, turning in Steve’s arms to face him.
“We had a misunderstanding, but everything’s okay now,” he smiled, and Tony nodded in surrender. “So, are you boys ready?”
“Boys,” Cap hummed, and they both fell silent. He turned to Tony, expression going a little softer, and handed him the duffel bag holding the remains of his armour. “There’s an alley just around the corner – you can take the helmet off and blend in there.”
“I think she might be coming down with something,” Steve agreed, sitting himself opposite Tony at the table with his own meal. He passed Lily a small plate with some scrambled eggs on it. “She’s not eating properly.”
There was nothing for an eternity, and then a single, sparkling stone rose from the darkness and landed neatly at Steve’s feet. He stared at it, numb, and barely noticed Carol step forwards to quickly scoop it into the bag.
“You must be Mister Stark,” the man hummed, drawing Tony’s attention back to him. “Clint mentioned you had arrived. I’m Mister Rogers.”
Little Peter, pacifier stuck firmly in his mouth and Iron Man toy clutched to his chest, peeked sheepishly over the back of the couch. Beside him, Tony did the same.
“I don’t want you to get married!” Peter promptly burst into tears, just as Pepper ducked into the room and froze in the doorway.
Steve paused for a moment, obviously thinking about his options, but ultimately took Tony’s hand and let him transport them both back to Natasha’s apartment.
“This is a terrible idea,” Steve warned him, though his threat didn’t really hold much weight. “You’re setting a terrible example for Peter –“
His Pops looked like he was going to cry. Peter had never seen him cry before; he really didn’t want to see him cry.
He couldn’t hear what anyone was actually saying, what with everyone shouting at once and them being elevated on the stage, but he plucked a song out of his head that he knew was on their repertoire and grinned again as he turned to Steve.
“Okay, you can both get down from the table,” Steve compromised. “Lily, baby, you don’t have to eat your eggs if you don’t want them.”
Captain America, of all people, had arrived. As he stood, panting, over Tony, light pouring through the hole Tony had made in the wall backlit him, giving him an almost ethereal, angelic presence. Tony was momentarily struck breathless by the sight.
The others shrugged, nodded, put on a bit of a show for the audience like they always did at their gigs, and Tony turned back to the audience.
“Yeah,” Steve replied, suddenly feeling the need to defend himself. “I’ve been looking through his work to see if… well, to see if there’s anything that might help us track down Thanos.”
. Spinning on the spot, he jerked in surprise as he watched the thing seemingly come to life, waving at him jovially. Raising a bemused hand, Tony waved back, not really sure what else to do, when -
“I’m not saying this place is bad, because I love it here,” he went on, holding his hands up defensively when Tony opened his mouth to ream him out. “You trusted me to manage your baby all those years ago, and I think I’ve done a good job, but I can’t eat your Mom’s meatballs every meal for the rest of my life, okay?”
Tony loved to read, of example. Not e-books, either – he loved to hold a physical book in his hands. Steve found him more than once, in a quiet moment, just running his hands over the spines of his large collection, as though he was silently telling himself that now he’d have time to read them, that the stories were still there, that
Metal rattled as the gate slid back into place, and Steve could only imagine the imposing image they must have made, stood in a line, ready to attack. Lang looked like he was about to soil himself when he caught a look at them all.
Steve tried to be subjective as the number went on, tried to focus on Tony’s dance efforts so he could give him some tips afterwards, but the longer he watched, the more he got caught up in Tony’s voice, in the curve of his spine, in his face. Pretty soon, he was transfixed.
“Oh!” Lang laughed. “Yeah, so my, um, buddy Hank and his wife made this machine that shrinks you so much that you can get into the Quantum Realm –“
“My baby,” he whispered, cupping the back of Peter’s head. “Listen to me, okay? Me and Daddy getting married doesn’t change anything, all right? All that’s going to happen today is that we’re going to sign a piece of paper, and then we’re going to have a party. That’s it, buddy.”
They sat in an easy silence for a few moments, just basking in the warm sun and beautiful surroundings.
“Not that weird, but yeah, couple drinks beforehand,” Tony continued, “and then we’ll head out to the Oak Tree at the end of the street and start the search, huh?”
“With our money, let’s just be glad you haven’t bought a party island or something,” Steve replied with a smile, and felt Tony pause against him. “You are
“Yeah, I… I’ve been practising a little,” he sighed. “I’ve had a tune in my head for the past few weeks; I’m trying to get it out.”
The Avengers (what was left of them) holed up in the facility upstate. The first few days were the hardest, watching scattered television reports of all the destruction and reading comments and messages from all over the world. People were screaming out for help, for guidance, and Steve didn’t know what to do.
But Tony waved Steve away and pulled Peter into his side. After a moment, a couple of people moved, creating a path between them and the apple bobbing station, and Peter pointed to a long faced, snotty looking kid of around nine or ten years old dressed like what looked like a miniature Donald Trump.
“Hey, those are the sticks me and my buddy Bucky used in our sixth grade hockey final,” Steve replied. “We won that game.”
Aunt Tasha got to him first with a flying kick right to the face. Blood spurted from Peter’s nose and he whimpered, staggering backwards up the stairs. It was no use – he hurt all over and was getting clumsy, managing to fall backwards to land right on his ass. Uncle Clint managed to snag his ankle and started to tug him down the stairs; Peter had enough energy left to grab onto the bannister and hold on for dear life, which turned out to be a terrible mistake because it left his body open to getting punched and kicked.
“Please, for the love of God, do not do that,” Natasha hissed in reply. “What happened to being normal? What -”
Buck frowned. “I – he said something about a guy coming out of your apartment a couple mornings ago?”
“The day you get an A in Math is the day I let you come to work with me,” Steve replied with a raised eyebrow, and grinned when Clint scowled at him. “Come on, Clint, we both know you’re smart enough to get into college. You wanna be doing crappy odds and ends jobs like me for the rest of your life?”
Natasha hit a couple of buttons that turned sound on, and for a minute they just stood in silence, listening to what Lang was saying.
“That is such a dad thing to say,” Peter rolled his eyes. “Did you not hear him call me a nerd? Or do you just not care?”
Not that there was anything left to fight. Thanos and his army were gone, his cronies disappeared along with half of the population – half of his friends. In the days immediately following the snap, Humanity turned in on itself. Governments toppled – world leaders evaporated or weakened by what was collectively being dubbed
He wrapped his arms around Peter before he even had a chance to process it was happening, which seemed to work in his favour because he didn’t have time to flinch away and ruin it. His Dad’s arms were like coming home, strong and gentle and achingly loving all at the same time. He was warm and smelled like
“Peter, honey, I’m glad you like it,” Tony rolled his eyes, “but could you stop trying to pick up candy with your claw for two minutes and come talk to me properly?”
It was quite the opposite with Steve, in all honesty. Tony had a habit of seeking Steve out during rehearsals, swaggering up to him with that dazzling smile on his face and his hair swept tantalisingly back, and would speak to Steve for full minutes at a time without insulting him once before he was ushered back onto the stage to rehearse.
Before he had consciously decided what to do, Steve had aimed his gun and put a single, final bullet right between the Red Skull’s eyes, letting his anger steady his hand. In the chaos that followed, he revved his engine and then sped forwards towards Pietro. He wasn’t moving, but that didn’t mean he was dead, and Steve didn’t stop to find out as he used his bike to cover them for a second while he pulled Pietro up onto the saddle behind him.
Peter and Tony stood in silence for a few moments, before Peter cleared his throat. “So… you let Flash copy your pop quiz?”
“I hope so,” Tony frowned, finishing up the last of his breakfast. “I guess I’ll just have to snuggle the jitters out of her.”
“I’m gonna go get Bruce,” Rhodey murmured, pointedly not looking at Tony’s gaunt face. “See if there’s anything he can do.”
Tony was like a cuddly limpet in the mornings, clinging to the nearest person he could find. He could barely function before a couple of cups of coffee, and so reverted back to a little boy, craving attention, becoming very tactile with anyone who showed him even the smallest amount of attention. Of course, he grumbled about it later when he was fully awake, but Steve thought it was adorable.
“We need to destroy the whole thing,” he continued. “That’s the only thing that can hold all that power and not burn up – we have to use it to destroy the stones.”
“No problem,” Tony nodded, climbing back to his feet again. He patted the girl gently on the head. “Go get ‘em, tiger.”
“I’m vetoing the clown one,” Tony told him firmly, because he couldn’t think of anything worse than a small person running around in flaky clown make-up in the dark. He shuddered just thinking about it.
It was great. His life was great, it was… well, it was kinda lonely, but that was fine. It was just because he had been used to bunking with eleven other guys for months on end, that was all. He’d get used to it eventually, he was sure.
“Touché, buddy,” he grinned, raising the glass of wine the waitress had poured for them all before making a hasty retreat. Bucky met his glass with his own, and then Tony tossed a couple of large mouthfuls back in one go. “And who’s your friend?”
He met Tony in a park. Logically, he knew he was dead, and they weren’t really in a park, but it didn’t really matter, somehow. Tony was sat on a bench, waiting for him, and that was what mattered.
“My baby,” Tony frowned, shifting one of his arms from around Peter so he could wrap it around Lily. “You never usually get sick.”
“Heard Lily on the phone with her friends,” Tony cut him off, and he seemed genuinely upset. “She… I don’t know exactly what they were saying, but she was replying that it was embarrassing that we were her parents, that we’re lame Dad Rock, that -”
“Hey, Carol?” he called. “If you buy this, I’ll Venmo you the cash when we get back, huh? You know I’m good for it.”
No, no, I’m sorry,” Tony replied, holding a hand up defensively. “Hang on, I’m nearly done, I promise.”
Steve, at least, smiled at that, and finally looked away from Tony so he could shake Natasha’a hand. “It’s a pleasure to meet you properly, ma’am.”
“No, I’m done with this!” she yelled back. “Call me when you actually make some progress, yeah? Because right now I don’ wanna see you.”
“I’m gonna fucking kill him,” Tony hissed, surging to his feet, though Steve snatched at his cape and pulled him back before he could get too far. “Steve, we spent
Fine. Whatever. It’d only be a couple of weeks, tops, anyway. Tony could manage being small and discreet for that length of time, he was sure.
“Um…” she managed, which was more than Steve was able to. “So you’re having a couple of issues in here, huh?”
Silence echoed around the cluttered space for a few moments, and Tony took the opportunity to really look around. Every wall was lined with book shelves, and not an inch of space hadn’t been taken up by first editions. A large, proud writing desk stood in the centre of the room, the dark wood shining dully. A tall glass cabinet sat next to it, filled with all manner of interesting, creepy things; Tony spotted what looked like a cat’s skull, as well as a jar of pickled onions.
The other exception to Steve’s rule was Sam Wilson. Another jock, Sam had always been the only football player that absolutely paid no part in bullying. He and Steve shared a few classes, had been paired together for quite a few assignments, and Steve respected the guy’s morals.
The started with the Time Stone. Tony knocked on the door to Doctor Strange’s Sanctum and greeted him like he’d known him for years. Strange looked momentarily startled as they all swanned past him, but then a glazed look passed over his face and he sighed heavily.
Tony had friends back in his old apartment complex. He had to admit that starting completely over on his own was a little daunting, but he was pretty sure he’d be fine. Everyone was a stranger until you said hello, after all.
“Think, Peter,” he sighed, running a hand through his still sweaty hair. “Don’t be a doofus right now.”
“And what about this? Is this good?” Tony asked, and then closed the remaining gap between them and caught Steve’s lips in a wonderful kiss.
Dread welled in Steve’s chest; he couldn’t understand why Peter wouldn’t want him and Tony to get married. Peter had always seemed to adore Tony – called him Daddy and everything – so Steve couldn’t think of anything that could possibly explain why he was so upset.
“Great,” Tony beamed, and then snatched up Steve’s hand and tugged him forwards. “Come on, how many times do you actually get to be on stage?”
, because most of the time it was just easier. He had Rhodey, and he had Pepper, and they were more than enough for him. He wasn’t unfulfilled in terms of sex, either, and he definitely wasn’t unfulfilled, work wise.
Instead, he ducked through a doorway and found a dark kitchen. After a quick search, he came up with a couple cans of beans, which he quickly dumped into a relatively clean pan. He wrestled with the stove for a moment, never having used a gas one before, but figured it out pretty quickly and set the beans to cooking. The heavenly smell of tomato sauce soon began to cover the must that seemed to cling to every inch of the house; Peter found a crooked spoon wedged at the back of a drawer and hastily sat at the chipped table in the centre of the room to dig into his meagre meal. It was perfect after the stressful day he’d had, and he stuffed as much into his mouth as he could possibly manage, decidedly not thinking about the stacks of pizzas his Pops usually ordered after they’d gotten back from a mission.
“Night, honey,” he replied, pulling her into a one armed hug as he got to his feet. “Peter, baby, you have popcorn sticking to your shirt.”
“No!” Peter cried, grabbing him by the back of the collar to stop him getting any further away. “Look, just… please don’t cause trouble?
Natasha waved him off with a fond sigh, but beside him, Steve let out a disbelieving little noise. Rolling his eyes once he was sure Natasha and Bucky were safe, he turned back to Steve.
“Hey, Parker!” Flash called from a couple people behind Peter, and he just sighed, bracing himself. “Who’s the other tray for, your boyfriend?”
No matter the cost, and no matter what would become of them, Steve vowed that he would make things right. After a moment, Tony sniffed and nodded his head, then leaned in for a final kiss.
“Peter, honey, please put your suit on,” Steve all but begged, simultaneously tying his own bowtie whilst also slipping his polished shoes on and chasing his ten-year-old around the room. “What’s gotten
“I was gonna do it last night, but then I Skyped Suzie Jenkins instead,” Tony replied, and then momentarily ducked his head as their teacher walked past. “Come on, kiddo.”
He pulled Steve in a little closer, so they were touching all the way from their chests to their thighs. Steve shuddered a little, couldn’t help himself, and when Tony caught his eye he felt the air leave his lungs in a rush.
“Nooo,” James giggled hysterically, barely managing to balance both himself and his sippy cup as Tony got off the bed. The clock on the bedside table read 8:45am – not bad.
“All right, first thing’s first,” he jumped right in. “We’ve got to find better places to park everyone’s bikes. I know the police are leaving us alone for now since we gave them info on HYDRA, but we don’t want to raise suspicion all the same.”
Despite the absurdity of the situation, Tony found himself leaning in a little to get a better look at the tiny chameleon. He
“How so?” he bit, glancing over at the barman across the bar before leaning over to grab an unopened bottle of whiskey from under the bar.
“Okay, we’re gonna create a diversion,” Steve instructed to everyone, gesturing them in to a tight circle. “We wanna draw them out onto the street, so make as much noise as possible. While we’re doing that, Natasha, I want you to find a way in and get Clint out as quick as possible, okay? Don’t wait for us – as soon as you’ve got him, make a break for it back to Tony’s garage. Text when you’re safe and we’ll rendezvous with you there later, okay?”
“Wait,” Cap called, grabbing his arm before he could get out of reach. Tony turned, surprised, and then watched as Cap pulled a scrap of paper out of his pocket and held it out to him. “If you ever need help, just… give us a call.”
Cap huffed out a laugh, and then turned to the door. “You sure are something, Iron Man. I’ll get that cellphone for you.”
But, still, Steve refused to surrender. He spent his days in contact with numerous government officials from all over the world, and his nights rummaging through Tony’s lab and office for something,
It was darker than usual inside because of the windows, but it was usually pretty dark in the club house anyway. Someone – Bruce, probably – had lit a bunch of candles, and somebody else had fed the meter, because the electric lights were flickering.
Because he got crammed into a locker, Peter didn’t see Tony in the hall during the changeover between morning classes. He did, however, find the baseball hat he had thought he’d lost behind a stack of books he hadn’t moved in almost a month, so at least there was that.
“Right,” Tony nodded, a little smile coming, unbidden, to his lips. Rogers was actually kind of sweet. “I’ll get that filed for you next time tax return season comes around.”
“Thank you, Daddy,” Peter parroted back, train of thought already shifted onto the unopened bags of candy that Tony had drawn attention to. “Can I have some candy?”
“I’m good,” Lang, of all people, replied, flipping his mask down and grabbing for Carol and Steve. “Guys, let’s jet!”
Grabbing a dish towel from the counter, Tony took a handful of cutlery from Steve and started to dry them. They worked in a companionable silence for a few minutes, exchanging the occasional kiss as Steve handed something to Tony to dry. He could hear the kids playing happily together in the other room, could hear cartoons blaring away on the TV, and he felt completely content with his life.
“You don’t say,” Tony agreed, folding his arms across his chest. “Is that why he’s not been in the corridor these past few days? He thought I was seeing someone else?”
“Oh, I know,” Tony replied, shaking the guy’s hand as they all sat down. “Nice to finally have a face to put to all the moaning coming out of Natasha’s bedroom recently -”
The power was immediate. He felt himself screaming, but couldn’t hear the sound coming from his mouth; his vision immediately disappeared, replaced by an intuition he wasn’t sure he knew the origin of. He was everything and nothing all at once, power and lack thereof, and knew he would quickly get lost in the sensation if he didn’t focus.
“Tony,” Steve huffed, cheeks heating under the attention even though they had been together years. “There are impressionable babies in the room.”
“Y’know… when I was in high-school the first time, I was a lot like you,” his Dad started with a sigh. “I was smart, I wanted to learn, and I didn’t understand why that was wrong. That, along with the fact I was so much younger than the other kids, and… I was an easy target, I guess.
Tearing himself away as the song came to an end, Steve got back to helping the chorus boy with his footwork. He decidedly tuned out the words drifting back and forth from the stage, knew that if he was needed to help out, they’d call for him, and let himself get lost in his work.
“I adore you,” Tony whispered in return, and Clint snorted into his cereal. “You’re my sun, my moon -”
With a final, bravely cheeky salute, Tony took a deep breath and threw himself backwards into the abyss. He was gone in a silent second, and Steve felt a rushing in his ears as he dropped to his knees and let out a strangled scream.
Tony was a little reckless, sure, but he tended not to anger the Elders. His father was one, for one thing, and he didn’t need him to be any more disappointed in him than he already was.
“We’ll see how she goes,” Steve hummed around a bite of toast. “Might just be a twenty four hour thing.”
“Yeah, well,” Tony shrugged as the memory came back to him. “What can I say? I’m a supervillain, sure, but I didn’t want to be responsible for killing
“Well… I’ve been thinking about putting some new calzones one the menu,” Tony tried, and Rhodey just rolled his eyes again. Sighing heavily, he sat down at the table opposite him. “It’s really a nice place?”
“Nothing,” Steve replied with a small shake of his head. “Just love how affectionate you are with them, that’s all.”
“Everyone has a story here,” Rogers cut over him quietly, and Tony closed his mouth quickly. “Don’t think I’m not aware that the rest of the world thinks we’re a little crazy, that we’re odd. I understand that, but everyone here has a story. Clint was beaten as a child; Bruce, too. Thor’s brother went insane and killed a bunch of people; Sam lost a friend in Afghanistan. Bucky lost his arm in the same war, and Natasha has been used as a weapon so many times she’s lost count. Betty ran away from an army general father who wanted Bruce dead. Jane had her research into other cultures destroyed.
Wincing, Steve managed to get an awkward hand under him and pulled out a paintbrush that someone had obviously forgotten to put away. Collapsing back again, he let out a laugh of his own.
Peter was also usually a really good kid. He had his moments, because all kids did, but he was usually well behaved and happy. Now, however, he scrunched his little fists together and actually
Before he could finish his sentence, his Dad raised his gauntlet and, without even a hint of remorse, shot Peter directly in the chest. He went flying into the staircase and landed hard on his broken arm, sending yet more agony shooting through his body.
Steve had really hoped it wouldn’t come to a shoot-out, but it was starting to look like they wouldn’t have a choice.
“Bucky!” Rogers called as he paced forwards towards the couple, obviously overjoyed. “Natasha! You’re back!”
A few hours and a lot of paint later, the whole thing had been given a single coat of paint and had dried nicely. Peter, too excited to wait for a second coat to go on, had pulled the costume on, and was now refusing to take it off.
“Looks like I have to move into your building,” she huffed, and then took a sip of her wine while Rhodey laughed.
At the sound of the second voice, the lion’s head perked up again, and the man on the stairs smiled warmly at her. “Do you hear where he is? Go find him.”
Steve was shaking, full bodied. His hands trembled by his sides and it was all he could do not to ball them into fists. He’d automatically ducked his head as Tony started yelling, trying to make himself smaller, and he knew that they had to make a sight – Tony, tiny, lithe, 5'9 Tony screaming at him – but he couldn’t find the strength to fight back. He had been stupid, and he knew this was his fault, and Tony was just scared, had always been scared that something like this might happen.
“I agree,” Tony nodded. “All right, sweetie. You go back over there and have fun, okay? If Jimmy starts cheating again, send him over here to me.”
“Steve?” called a voice, and Pepper, of all people, appeared in the doorway. “There you are, oh – where’s Tony? Doctor Strange explained to us what you’ve been through, and…”
“Kitchen,” Tony told him, helpfully snatching up the top couple of boxes before they could fall. “Thanks, buddy.”
“You’re one to talk, Captain Back-Alley Fights,” Tony grumbled, though he didn’t move any further away. Instead, he gestured for Peter to come to him. “C’mere, baby. Show me which one Jimmy is.”
“I’m practically a married fairy now,” Tony grinned, flopping down onto the couch. “Ew, that sounds so weird.”
“We’re actually really proud of him,” Steve hummed gently, watching George with interest. “When Natasha first brought him back from the rainforest, we weren’t certain he was going to make it. He had been abandoned by his mother too early, and he was so tiny – barely bigger than a fingernail. He couldn’t change colours, and we were scared for him, but he seems to be doing pretty well now, huh?”
But he was tired, and scared, and didn’t really have any idea how to get himself out of this mess. He was smart, sure, but he was still a kid, and his family were usually the ones helping him out of sticky situations. Hell, they’d only let him start going out with them as Spider-Man at
something, but Rhodes… Rhodes had always been loyal to Tony rather than the team, helpful when he needed to be but ultimately there as a friend rather than a member. Now his friends were gone.
“Seriously,” he groaned, pushing himself into a sitting position. “What is it with you guys and banana today?”
It took Tony a moment to realise he was talking about the boxes still stacked in the middle of the hall. “Oh! Oh, um, thanks, but there’s only a couple left. I think we’ll manage.”
They were meeting them at some fancy, upscale restaurant that Natasha had booked out a full portion of so they wouldn’t be disturbed or asked weird questions when supposedly only two people were sat at a four person table, or why they were ordering for four. The waitstaff would probably guess, else think Bucky and Natasha were just extra hungry, and Tony was fine with that either way.
“I can’t promise that,” Tony started, grumbling when Natasha tapped him on the forehead with her icy bottle of water as she passed to get to the armchair. “But I’ll try my best, I guess.”
“We’re coming to your room next, Stark, so make sure you have pants on,” Barnes yelled after him, followed by even more hysterical screams.
They were all just stood there as though they had glitched and were rebooting. Peter managed to focus his attention long enough to watch first his Pops, then his Dad, then the rest of his family slowly come around. One by one they shook their heads as though clearing the last of the brainwashing from their systems. Peter forced himself to hold on just long enough to catch his Dad’s eye and see the horror – real, genuine horror – spread across his face.
“Well, since you asked so nicely, I suppose I can allow it just this once,” Steve hummed, and then smiled when Peter grinned and turned back to his movie. “Have you had your supper?”
It had been eighteen years since Steve and Tony had quit the band. Steve still remembered it like it had been yesterday, how they’d finally put their wedding bands on in public and came out to the world, how they’d announced that they were quitting to start a family of their own. It had been… a nightmare at the time, frankly, but they had stuck by each other through all of it.
Steve hummed under his breath as he crossed the room to give Tony a heaping pile of bacon, eggs and toast, though he still leaned down for a kiss when Tony puckered his lips. “Your highness.”
He led Rhodey away from the door and then ducked through a large arch that separated his kitchen from his living area.
Steve wasn’t stupid enough to believe he would have agreed to a discussion had Tony suggested it at the time, but hindsight was twenty-twenty.
Rolling his eyes, Tony held his hand out and gestured for Peter to take it. “Come on, then, squirt. Your Papa wants us to pick up some candy and decorations first, then we’ll get the paints and glue and head home.”
“Papa,” Peter insisted while Steve was busy simultaneously towelling his hair dry and spotting Tony’s step ladder as he pinned decorations to the wall. “Papa, you’re not looking –“
“You’re right, though,” Steve sighed, gripping the back of Tony’s wife-beater a little harder. “I was stupid, going to the police. I don’t know what I thought would happen -”
Everyone seemed to deflate a little, as though they had been collectively holding their breath. Bruce nodded his head sagely and turned to exit the room again.
“It isn’t over yet,” he warned them. “Vision still has the mind stone, and Thanos is on his way to take back what he believes he’s owed.”
“I don’t really think she’s sick,” Steve hummed. “I think she’s nervous about starting the second grade next week, and it’s starting to show.”
Tony’s expression was hard to read, but after a moment it was gone as he moved past Steve to head towards Carol – but not before gripping Steve’s shoulder for a long second.
With the plan in place, Natasha took her bike and disappeared, probably to park it on the street behind the clubhouse for easier access. While she was doing that, Steve and the rest of them rode quietly up the alley and waited for her signal, which came in the form of a text.
noise as he was tugged down too, and Steve landed painfully on his back with Tony right on top of him.
Tony came to a stop mid sentence, realising that both Pepper and Rhodey were looking at him with raised eyebrows and matching smirks. He cleared his throat, trying not to think too much about the fact that those words seemed to have just come out of him without his conscious decision, and took a gulp of his beer to distract them both from the fact that his face was heating up a little.
“It’s just so easy,” Tony replied. “And the situation kind of calls for it. I wake up naked and alone in a strange room – if I don’t joke, I might cry.”
After a run in with the Red Skull that Steve was sure was going to emotionally scar him for years to come, they finally came to the location of the Soul Stone.
“We can’t all go,” he told them, “because that’s too many variables that could mess with time. I’ve chosen you to come with me because I believe we’re the best chance at making this work, but it’s going to be dangerous – deadly, even. If you don’t want to risk that, there’ll be no hard feelings, but you should make it known now.”
Tony grinned and looked back in the mirror at himself. Natasha had been right - the hanky offered a little pop of colour that completed the outfit nicely. He looked pretty damn smart.
“You’re home,” Steve found himself saying, following Rhodes over to the bed. He knew what a panic attack looked like, and Tony was definitely having one. “On Earth. 2019. You’ve been hurt, injured, but you’re okay. Tony, you’re
It was still strange – gutting, even – to see so many empty chairs, but with Tony resting in the next room and Carol to add to the roster, if only for the minute, Steve felt hopeful like he hadn’t done for weeks. Better, the other Avengers seemed to be picking up a little, too.
No, no, please no, he wanted to go home; he needed a chance to bitch to Natasha about what a fuddy-duddy he’d been lumped with, he needed -
He grabbed the front of Steve’s shirt, eyes crazy, and for a moment Steve thought he was going to hit him, when –
“Hey… guys,” he smiled weakly, but there was no hint of recognition in their eyes. “Look, why don’t we just put this behind us and go get milkshakes? Huh, Uncle Thor? I’ll get you a banana one –“
“Actually -” Rogers started, catching Tony’s elbow just before he could sit down. “I don’t think George would be too happy if you sat on him, do you?”
Rhodey sniffed heavily, rubbed a hand over his eyes, and shook his head with a weary smile. “Don’t worry about it. I’ll get out of your hair – you’re… you’ve been looking through Tony’s stuff?”
“Why are you copying my homework if you can work it out faster?” Peter hissed, snapping around to look at him. “Give it back!”
After Peter had finished his milk and gingerbread man, he did start to list against Steve’s side, obviously exhausted, but when Steve suggested he take him to bed for a bedtime story and sleep, Peter stubbornly shook his head, rubbed his eyes, and refocused on the end of his movie.
“That’s enough,” Natasha told him, though her tone was fond, and Tony couldn’t help but grin happily.
“Y’know, Pete,” his Dad started quietly, and then cleared his throat. “You could maybe try a little harder to make some friends, kiddo –“
Rolling his eyes again, Tony ducked through into the kitchenette and pulled a couple of beers out of the fridge. Popping the caps on both of them, he carried them back through to the living room and handed one to Steve, who was still stood like a lost puppy in the middle of the room, before he dropped down onto the couch with his own beer.
It was all he needed to double down, to focus all his remaining energy on turning the stones inwards, on destroying them with their own power. He knew exactly the moment he had done it, because something broke in his mind and everything started to fall apart.
As though he had been waiting outside the door for an occasion just such as this (and, having come to know a little more about the mansion since arriving, Tony was willing to bet he probably had been), Clint burst through the door not seconds later, an inquisitive expression on his face.
Grumbling to himself, Tony unbuttoned his suit jacket and reached inside to pull the letter Rogers had sent to them out, hoping it would offer him some clues as to how to actually reach him. Not for the first time, he shook his head in wonder at the fact that it was a
Seeing everyone (or everyone they had left) suited up made Steve feel better than he had in a very long time. It reminded him of who they had lost, certainly, but it also showed him how strong they still were, what a great team they still had.
They’d had a nightmare a few days ago when Peter had realised they didn’t actually have a chimney for Santa to come down. Tony, wonderful genius that he was, had explained to Peter that the giant H painted on the patio outside was not for helicopters, but actually stood for
“Okay,” Steve nodded, and smiled sadly when Tony looked up at him with surprise. “I don’t always disagree with you, you know.”
“Jeez, you met the guy once and you’re already talking forever,” Tony grimaced, shuddering at the mere thought. “No, I didn’t get a look. He’s probably one of those by the book guys; I won’t get to meet him until it’s all official.”
for god’s sake. If Peter had shown up to school in that, he would have gotten the snot kicked out of him. So why hadn’t his Dad?
And then, with nothing more than another grin, Flash wandered off to the bullies’ table at the other side of the cafeteria.
Then, laughing hysterically, he drove away, Clint screaming around the gag in his mouth, with the rest of his cronies following along behind.
at him, unblinking, like he couldn’t quite believe he was there. Without really thinking, Steve reached out and put his hand against Tony’s chest, gently guiding him back down onto his pillows. He kept his hand there as Tony settled, feeling his heart quickly start to slow, and with a jolt realised that he was soothing Tony as much as Tony’s heart was soothing him.
Still living with his mother and adopted younger brother, Clint, in their tiny Brooklyn house at the age of twenty five hadn’t exactly been what Steve had envisioned for himself when he was younger. Factoring Tony into the mix just made things all the worse, but he couldn’t go home to his abusive family, and he earned a decent amount fixing up cars, sure, but not enough to buy a place of their own in New York. Tony had nowhere else to go, basically, and Steve’s Ma had always been a sucker for a stray – Clint was evidence enough of that. It just meant that things were a little tight, four of them living in her tiny house.
“Oh, it’s fine now,” Steve replied. “It was there, blinding, and now it’s completely gone again. That’s not the point, Buck - are you going to go over and talk to her? She’s your
“You got a thing for Natasha, huh?” he grinned, ruffling Clint’s hair. “Well, you’re gonna have to fight Bucky for her, kid, and he’s not too good at sharing.”
“Buck explained,” Tony waved his concerns away. Taking a deep breath, he continued, “I don’t like having to do this in the hall. How about we take this conversation into your apartment?”
“I try,” Natasha shrugged with a grin of her own. “So, tonight, what’re you thinking? Got a game plan?”
Steve let out a little cheer, the goof, while Bucky took another deep breath to steel himself against the inexplicable nerves that were lighting him up inside. Why was he nervous? This was his
“Sure thing,” Sam nodded. “Now would that be what we have on tap, or do you wanna try one of our cask ales -?”
Steve listened, shocked and horrified in equal measures, as Tony’s weak voice crackled through the Iron Man helmet. It was disconcerting, really, to see the helmet speak as though a person were still in it, even though it was very much an empty shell.
“You’ve got this, Buck,” Steve whispered, clinging tightly to Bucky’s hair as he walked. “I can feel it; it’s all good -”
“I don’t think so,” Rogers replied with a charming grin. “Would you like to follow me? It’s likely Frigga will escape again, and she didn’t seem to have taken a liking to you like she usually does with guests. My office is this way.”
“Excuse you,” Tony huffed in reply, busy handing a roll of toilet paper to Peter, who seemed to have calmed down considerably. “The only lesson I’m teaching my son is to stand up to bullies.”
“Well, thanks, Cap, but I think I’m gonna reserve judgement until you tell me that when I have my clothes on,” he hummed, and watched as Cap’s face lit up all over again. “You could be trying to seduce me, for all I know.”
“Hey, why don’t we, as a special treat, let him sleep with us tonight?” Tony suggested, and Steve rolled his eyes; Tony loved snuggling a sleeping Peter.
“I wasn’t going to say anything,” Steve insisted, pulling Tony in against his side so he could nuzzle the side of his head gently. “I was just gonna ask you to marry me.”
Instead, a roar echoed through the house and the basement door blew off its hinges as Hulk burst through into the room.
“I’m…” Tony took a deep breath, must have seen something break in Steve’s expression, because he stopped yelling. “I’m not going to be able to fix them all today. There are too many, I… I have some working bikes in the back. They’re not beefy like these, but… but they’ll be fast. You should take them.”
“Okay,” Steve breathed a sigh of relief. “Good. So, you think you can get dressed now, maybe? And we’ll dry your eyes?”
“I was thinking,” Tony replied, swallowing his bite, “that we get ourselves spruced up a little bit, maybe have a couple drinks at home so I’m at least a little buzzed before we go out -”
Cap, to his credit, kept his eyes firmly on the helmet, still not letting his eyes wander. Tony put his hands on his hips, framing his midriff, and watched with a strange fascination as Cap seemed to swallow thickly.
Tony cleared his throat, surprised, and grinned tightly when Steve blushed a deep red and gently pushed the girl away from him. To her credit, she didn’t seem the least bit embarrassed, going so far as to pull a scrap of paper obviously containing a phone number from her bra and tuck it into the waistband of Steve’s pants.
He spent the rest of the day locked in his office, trying desperately to fight his urge to go over to Rogers’ place anyway and give the owner a piece of his mind. Who in their right mind set up a dive bar opposite a well established, profitable restaurant and expected to make any money?
Tony went stock still, staring out at the currently empty stage, at the thousands and thousands of people waiting, and then turned in Steve’s arms.
“It’s good shit,” he hummed, blowing a perfect circle of smoke out of his mouth, and then put it back in the ash tray. “Wanna tell me why you’re out here in the middle of the night?”
job – but… do you guys think you could let Tony play your show in New York a few days from now? It’d mean the world to him to play one last show.”
“If we can find Thanos and take the gauntlet, he’s immediately weakened, right?” Bruce continued. “He’s not as much of a threat. We use that window to use the Time Stone and stop him from ever finding the stones in the first place.”
“You won’t believe the things we saw,” a woman – Natasha, Tony assumed – added, patting Rogers’ shoulder as he pulled away from Bucky.
Steve came to a stop and seemed to consider him for a moment. Then, reaching down to tug Tony’s napkin towards him, he pulled a pen out of his apron and wrote down… a
He researched for a little while, shooting emails off to lawyer friends as well as Pepper and Rhodey, respectfully, and got a couple of interesting replies. While he was doing this and trawling the internet – good job he’d brought his portable USB connection – Rogers paced up and down the room, twirling an American flag painted frisbee between his hands as he went. He was very well built – had Tony mentioned that? The seams of his upper sleeves stretched taught over his bulging biceps, and his broad shoulders tapered down to a trim, tiny waist that even women would die for.
“I say…” Tony took a deep breath, and let it out with a cheeky grin, “that I knew I married you for a reason.”
Steve and Natasha arrived back from their mission Halloween morning, both absolutely reeking of sewage (Tony didn’t even want to know what the hell they had been doing) and exhausted, but safe and well.
“I can work with that,” Tony replied, slipping into his own seat. “My people are born pansexual. All about the brain and heart, not the junk, that’s us. Plus, y’know, why limit yourself? So many pretty people out there -”
He only knew about the SHIELD issued safe house two blocks from the Tower because he’d “accidentally” broken into his Dad’s secure server and found a couple of files. It was the first place he could think of that might actually be safe, so while the Avengers were snarling and frothing at the mouth, he slipped away, changed into his street clothes thanks to one of his many backpacks hidden around the city, and – Spider-Man costume stuffed into his hoodie pocket – headed straight there.
“Um…” Tony patted his jacket pockets, and then pulled a crumpled piece of paper from one. “Yes. I have AP Chemistry first.”
“We have no weapons strong enough to defeat him,” Thor disagreed quietly. Of all of them, he had been the most withdrawn since the snap, and Steve was surprised to hear him speak at all. “It would just be a repeat of our last battle.”
“No, it’s fine, I’ll take him over to Tony’s room,” Pepper reassured, and then held a hand out for Peter. “Come on, honey. You can get dressed in your Daddy’s room.”
Tony glanced down at the seat, heart hammering a little faster, and then let out a somewhat hysterical laugh. “You named a chair George?”
By the time he had turned, had dodged a series of bullets that seemed to be coming from everywhere, Pietro was already off his bike and in a heap on the ground, covered in blood. Steve heard Wanda scream, and knew that she had realised what had happened, too.
“He did so,” Tony disagreed with a grin as Steve rolled his eyes fondly at him. “He also said he’s not gonna take care of me when I’m as old as you are.”
“Sorry, sugar plum,” Tony replied with a charming smile, and, against his will, Steve found his annoyance quickly melting away. “I was actually wondering if you could help me out.”
She then sashayed away, blowing a kiss in Tony’s direction as she left. Clearing his throat, a little at a loss, Tony turned back to Steve.
As he sat in his seat, Peter lifted his arms next to him and started wiggling forwards into his lap for a cuddle. Never one to deny his kids what they wanted, even though they were really big enough to sit on their own seats at meals, Tony grabbed him under his armpits and shifted him quickly onto his lap.
“Hey,” he smiled, taking a seat beside him. He held out a bunch of flowers that had suddenly appeared in his hand. “These are for you.”
“Uncle Bruce,” Peter pleaded, holding his good arm up as though that was going to protect him in any way whatsoever. “Please, no, don’t do this –“
“I’m telling you,” his Dad replied quietly. “Because I love you, and I trust you, and I don’t want you to make the mistake I’ve made twice now.
Tony wasn’t where they had agreed to meet when Peter got to the cafeteria. Thinking his class had maybe just run over by a couple of minutes, Peter got into the lunch line and snagged up two trays, thinking he’d get his Dad lunch to save him queuing, too.
. Quickly latching onto a solid idea, Tony nodded his head encouragingly and replied, “That’s great! I can make you an Iron Man suit –“
“Leave me alone, Flash,” he sighed, and then moved away to grab a couple bottles of water. “Not today, okay –“
“Do my gifts mean nothing to you?” Tony asked mildly as Steve stepped out of the truck, watching the others as they helped get the bikes down. “Three bikes I’ve made for you, and every one’s been sent back in pieces -”
“Just because he needs help doesn’t mean he’s not dangerous,” Steve muttered, but stepped forwards all the same and held his hand out for Lang to shake. “You’re supposed to be a dead man.”
, as Tony had started dubbing it (not that he thought about it at all, of course), he once again stepped out of his apartment to head off to work, only to have a towel clad body dart past him from James and Tasha’s apartment next door.
“Makin’ sure Santa sees,” Peter replied around his pacifier, planting a tiny hand against the glass.
“You, too,” Tony hummed in agreement, and then leaned up for a kiss. “Okay, fine, I like being a domestic goddess.”
“He was watching after all?” Tony huffed. “I gotta say, he’s hot, but you’re not instilling much confidence in me, here.”
“Carry on and find out,” Natasha replied shortly. “If you’re bored, poof your way home and fix my toaster.”
Afterwards, when they were both naked and satiated on the cot in the corner of the room, Steve pulled Tony into his arms and let him lay against his chest. They were silent, heavy breathing giving way to a slow, calm
“They’re here,” Natasha cut his rambling off, and they both got to their feet. “Turn the magic mumbo jumbo off.”
“Just because you’re the cutest guy in school doesn’t make singing and dancing any more fun, Steve,” Tony rolled his eyes. “I wouldn’t be here at
“I –“ Tony wasn’t really sure what to say, and instead just closed his door and turned to the man, who was now perched quite happily on his couch. “What?”
On it, a man was waving desperately up at the camera. For a moment Steve didn’t recognise him, and then realisation slapped him in the face and he took a shocked breath.
And then there was Steve. The guy really hadn’t been kidding when he had said his door was always open; Tony had walked out of his apartment to go to work the day after he had moved in only to find Steve’s door wide open. He hadn’t meant to look – didn’t want to pry – but his line of sight had accidentally landed right on Steve as he wandered past the door.
“Doesn’t sound like you,” Natasha, Bucky’s girlfriend, commented from Bucky’s other side. “Usually you’re straight in with a lunch tray when someone pisses you off.”
All in all, Tony was actually really proud of his efforts on Peter’s costume. It wasn’t perfect, because cardboard was
It was true. There was an ash tray sat on the table, a lit cigarette perched inside with the remains of many others inside. Beside it, there was a packet of tobacco sleeves, and on top of that -
With the Time Stone in tow (and Strange’s yelling still ringing in their ears), they bounced to their next time and place: Asgard. Thor had told them that Heimdall protected the Space Stone, that he was the only one who could see through Loki’s tricks properly, so they headed straight to him.
“Well, you could start by going over there and saying hi?” Steve suggested, and Bucky resisted the urge to flick him off his shoulder. Sassy little bastard. “Look, she’s probably asking her fairy exactly the same thing. At the rate, you’re not actually gonna meet her before you’re dead -”
A few minutes later and he was clearing his throat again, this time to get Rogers’ attention. “I’ve found a way. It’s not perfect, but it could work.”
“Do we have a lock on Stane?” Tony asked, a little breathless. He scanned the wall adjacent to the corridor outside and immediately came up with a heat signature carrying something big.
The toy drive was real, too. Steve was the leader of a biker gang, sure, but that didn’t mean they were evil. Besides, the kids always loved a bit of a show, and they could use their somewhat menacing demeanour to get people to donate. All Steve had to think about was Clint, about how he would have spent his childhood if his Ma hadn’t found him, and he found he could be quite persuasive.
“Yes,” Steve sighed. “I was, um, I was thinking a reunion show. I know it’s a lot for me to ask of Bruce, because he’s front man now – it’s
“We could have saved all this if you’d let me hire someone to decorate,” Tony hummed, tacking the last line of spooky flags onto the wall. He turned and almost snorted with laughter when he spotted Peter crouching down on the floor in his costume, head tucked into the main body, and cardboard eyes resting on top like a real robot. “Although I don’t think I could ever begrudge setting eyes on that.”
“Do a twirl, Peter Pan,” he called, and then rolled his eyes. “Damn, kid, we should have dressed you as Peter Pan.”
And so, after they’d finished their breakfasts and gotten dressed, Tony took a couple of deep breaths to calm himself down, and then he opened his door and prepared for the worst.
“Well, you’ve been out for three days, so she’s had a long time to stew on it,” Clint replied with a grimace. “Sorry.”
“Sure,” Clint replied easily, pointing to a door off the entrance hall. “You wanna go through there, take your first left, second right, up two flights of stairs, belay the third… though i’m not sure if you still have to climb the walls up there. Oh well, Peter usually manages it when he comes over. You’ll find it, don’t worry.”
“Hang on, I have something for you,” Natasha murmured, finishing up with some red lipstick. Leaning across him, she caught up a slip of patterned yellow material and then folded it neatly to tuck into his breast pocket. “There. Much better.”
“I’m sitting with you at lunch tomorrow,” his Dad decided as Peter pulled away. “And let’s hope to god I change back soon, because I can’t take much more shitty cafeteria food.”
“Not dead, per se, just… evaporated,” he replied. “And we’re trying to stop that from happening. Also, it’s rude to look into the future while you have guests.”
“I am yet to see evidence that he’s not evil,” Hawkeye grumbled. “Just because he’s not killed us yet doesn’t mean he’s not evil.”
He was just thinking about exploring upstairs, maybe taking a nap before he came up with the next part of his plan, when a terrifyingly loud bang came from out in the hall. Peter’s immediate thought was
“All right, well, I gotta get to work,” Rhodey continued, slinging an easy arm around Tony’s shoulders. “You want a ride?”
“Tasha, chill, I’m fucking with you,” Tony replied, craning his neck to try and get a look. Looked like they were the first there. “But do we know anything about them? Do we even have a gender?”
“Thank you,” Tony replied briskly, watching as Sam walked away. He placed his order on a window ledge behind the bar, through which Tony could see the chef hard at work. It… looked like he had a prosthetic arm.
“I didn’t know what to do,” he sobbed against his Dad’s shoulder, and felt his Pops drop down onto the bed behind him. Another pair of arms wrapped around him, and he felt completely safe, completely encompassed by their warmth and support. “I was scared, and I didn’t know what to do, and –“
He hadn’t had to climb any walls yet – that he did know. Was that a bad thing? He had thought Clint was kidding, but now, lost like he was, he was starting to think otherwise -
“Santa gotta come!” Peter hiccupped, staggering to his feet to go toddling back over to Steve, where he planted his head firmly against his legs.
“We have to sacrifice something?” Lang asked incredulously as they all stared down into the depths of the pit in front of them. “Um… what?”
They had the same problem with Peter every year. Halloween was his favourite holiday, and, being Steve’s son, he always went overly melodramatic for the occasion and wanted the best
Tony choked on the sip of drink he had just brought to his lips. Spluttering and leaning away from Steve to get a look at his face, he let out a gurgling noise that was actually supposed to be… well, he didn’t know what he was trying to say.
He had to duck to avoid the first bullet, and thought in passing that he was going to have to ask Tony to develop some kind of shield for the front of his bike in the future. Bucky zipped past him, gun in hand, and started shooting at the wheels of HYDRA’s bikes. Realising what he was trying to do, Steve yelled, “Shoot their tyres! Make sure they can’t follow us!”
Tony, not really sure what else to do, had just waved back stupidly, stuttered out a “Bye,” and had quickly darted away towards the elevator, chalking it up to a case of bad luck and timing.
“Peter, honey, stop,” his Pops waved away his apologies. “Stop making excuses for us. Of course we… we would never mean to hurt you, but… but we did. You’re hurt because of us and what we did to you.”
Neither of them was going to wait at the end of the aisle while the other walked down to meet them – it seemed a little redundant, given their situation. Instead, they’d agreed that they’d let Peter walk them both down the aisle together after the wedding party.
Because sometimes he saw footage of the Avengers kicking ass, of them working together as a team, and he lamented the fact that he didn’t get the same treatment. They were basically doing the same thing, after all – Tony might have been a little more heavy handed than the Avengers, but they were chasing the same endgame. Why were they heralded as heroes while he was branded a dangerous vigilante, a constitution hating hippie, even, on more than on occasion, a potential terrorist?
He never thought he’d say it, but thank God. That meant that the likelihood of someone getting caught in the crossfire that was sure to unfold here had dropped exponentially, at least. His employees – the loyal ones, at least – were safe and alive… and would be receiving big, fat bonus checks in the mail tomorrow.
Rolling his eyes, Tony threw himself from Natasha’s shoulder and had grown to full size before he hit the floor. His wings shrunk and then disappeared, giving him the appearance of a normal human being; without even a misstep, he dusted off his business suit and continued along behind her as she stepped through the doors of SHIELD Publishing House, glancing around to make sure no-one had seen him phase.
“Thanks, Dad,” Peter whispered, and then listed to the side so Tony could wrap his arm around him. “I’m sorry you got beaten up.”
, but he soon realised, with a sigh of relief, that he was safe. He was safe because his Pops was sat in a chair next to him, and his Dad was curled around him on the bed, and neither of them were trying to kill him.
The arena was packed out. As far as he had been told, nobody had sold this many tickets since the Beatles; The Avengers were officially the voice of a whole generation.
“I am a great leader,” Tony huffed, though he let Steve mould him into position. “What… what am I doing wrong?”
They both turned to the door, excitement radiating from them both, before Steve suddenly stopped in his tracks.
“I’m surprised you even know his name,” Flash snorted. “Nobody else does. Looks like he got lunch for his
, at least, and for the first time since the whole mess had started, he felt like he had his old team back. That was worth something, if nothing else.
“Hey, I don’t think you realise that I’m stuck with the fairy of whoever you end up with,” Tony huffed. “It’s only gonna hurt your relationship if mine isn’t going well; I’m doing you a favour, really. We should just stick to one night stands -”
He hadn’t come up with a better plan for finding out where Tony was going by that evening, so he really had no choice but to do as Natasha had suggested and tag along to wherever he was disappearing to.
?” Bruce grumbled, stepping out of his room as they whipped past. “What else could possibly be happening now?”
In the middle of a crater that definitely hadn’t been there a few minutes before, there was a woman. In her arms –
He could hear the others following, and risked a look back; HYDRA were trying to chase them on foot, but were getting further and further away, fight draining out of them as they realised it was over, that their leader was dead.
They sped through the city in companionable silence after that, knowing from previous gang wars where they were going. About a block away from HYDRA’s clubhouse, they came to a stop and parked their bikes. Bucky then led them down an alley that would bring them out where they needed to be.
Rhodey shrugged. “I dunno. I think we gotta wait until the opening rush calms down, see how many people actually go back for a second go.”
He was on his knees, punching Stane square in the face, when his proximity censors went off. Approximately three seconds later, faster than he could even turn, a rock-solid mass smashed into his side and sent him sprawling away from Stane.
It was the guy next to him, dressed in a sharp, pale blue suit, who Tony couldn’t keep his eyes off. God
“Define friend,” Pepper replied, not even watching him as she flicked through the morning papers at the kitchen island. Rhodey was sat beside her, having been rewarded a rare two weeks paid leave, eating his breakfast.
“You called me your boyfriend,” Steve continued earnestly, “and I love being your boyfriend, but… I want to be your husband, Tony. It’s been five years – neither of us is going anywhere, so –“
It seemed quieter now, and when he pushed Steve’s door open, he realised it was because the gaggle of girls had disappeared, probably off to someone else’s dressing room - except for one, who was making out with Steve
“I don’t…” Tony really didn’t know what to say, how to say in words what he was feeling in his chest. “He –
Tony’s life had changed, too. Suddenly, he was being invited to big, Hollywood parties with loads of important people from not just the music industry, but the film, television and sporting industries, too. Paparazzi set themselves up almost permanently outside his LA home (which he and Steve had been able to buy and share from the first single sales alone, holy shit) in the hope that they would catch him doing something scandalous. They followed him around, too, and suddenly every time he met up with a friend or colleague, he must have been dating them.
For what it was worth, Rogers Mansion really was breathtaking. Idyllic, quiet, with turn of the century architecture and immaculately kept, sweeping grounds, Tony really had to give it to Rogers – sometimes, money did buy everything. Setting off up the path, Tony took a deep breath, feeling more calm and collected now he had made it. He would get this meeting over with quickly, tell Rogers the pros and cons of what he was proposing, hopefully get him to see some sense, and he’d be back in his own bed in the city by the end of the day.
“Well, here we are,” Tony sighed once they appeared again, immediately dropping Steve’s hand. “Mi casa es su casa and all that. You want something to drink?”
“We start patrolling, then,” he decided. “We have some working Quinjets – they can make it past the atmosphere –“
“I was secretly already living with my long term mechanic boyfriend, yes,” Steve replied briskly. “Can we please drop this -”
He actually managed to get the kids to agree to the concert relatively easily. He was fairly certain Lily was going just so she could gif it or dubsmash it or whatever the hell kind of app was popular at the moment; Peter seemed a little more interested, at least, even if he had asked whether Taylor Swift would be there.
The back of his head was starting to niggle with pain as he dodged past a couple very enthusiastically making out at the end of the bar, and he wondered if maybe he’d drank a little too much, too. He spotted a fairy, small, tucked into one of the guy’s pockets and offered her a harried, empathetic smile as he zipped on by.
“It’s my business,” Tony mumbled, cocooning himself in blankets as Steve rolled away and got out of bed. “I can open whenever I want.”
“Marks for presentation?” Steve asked, and then smirked when Tony just shot him a dirty look. “Fair enough.”
There were already a number of bikes parked outside the gang’s club house when he got there. The building wasn’t really all that spectacular – in actual fact, it was a small, abandoned warehouse – but they usually kept the outside as respectable looking as they could. Now, with the windows boarded up, it looked exactly like what it was – a stronghold for an illegal biker gang.
“Well, I dunno, I mean, I got to ride on the back of Natasha’s bike, wrap my arms around her and get real close,” Clint began, and Steve chuckled lightly.
“I’ll take first patrol,” he decided, already moving towards the door. “Tell the others the plan. I’ll keep in touch and be back in a few hours.”
“Steve, don’t,” Tony sighed, running a tired hand across his face. “Please don’t lecture me. I’m splitting each one half and half, okay? And it’s not nearly as much as we used to smoke -”
“Sure,” he forced out a smile, more than aware that it probably looked closer to a grimace. “We can do that. You… crazy kids have a nice night.”
“FRIDAY, scan back through HUD recorded feeds and see if we have any weird alien shit going on here,” Steve heard Tony mumble from beside him. “Is this guy human?”
“I found George,” Rogers replied, sinking down into his seat behind his desk. Taking that as his cue, Tony dropped down into his, too (but not before discreetly checking to make sure there weren’t any more small animals hiding nearby).
His head was a mess of pain and confusion when he woke up. His whole body was on fire, tearing him apart from the inside out, and he managed to get a burnt hand up to make sure his helmet was still on, still protecting his identity, before he passed out again.
“This game is unfair; you can see fairies and I can’t,” Natasha replied, taking a bite of her own sandwich, “and neither. He had a bluetooth earpiece in. That, and I get a weird headache when I try to focus on people who’re talking to fairies.”
“- two, three, four,” Steve murmured, and Tony dutifully lifted him high in the air, bringing him back down in a graceful arc. “Perfect.”
Steve looked as put out as Tony felt when they all stepped out of the restaurant and onto the sidewalk outside. Tony couldn’t help but feel a little peevish over that - was spending a night with him so unappealing? What was Steve’s problem?
“Cap doesn’t like the word crazy,” Clint replied, taking a step backwards to allow Tony past him. “Eccentric is probably a better word.”
“This is property damage, Tony,” Steve told him seriously, though he didn’t complain when Tony handed him a carton of eggs.
“My in house manager ate here the other day, gave it a rave review,” he explained, taking a sip of his beer in the process. It… was delicious. “He’s a traitor, of course, and I’ve since flayed him alive and served him as an entrée, but… I was curious, I guess.”
“Exactly,” Steve nodded with a soft smile. “Sometimes it just catches me by surprise, is all. You’ve come such a long way since when we first met.”
“Where are you taking me?” he asked repeatedly, allowing Steve to lead him towards the car. They’d blindfolded him so he couldn’t see. “Is this a sex thing?”
“Is that huh a yes?” Tony asked hopefully, “because I’m gonna keep pestering you in rehearsals either way, and I guess I just thought it’d be nicer to be able to kiss you after I pester you -”
, he was in so much trouble. Never had a person in the history of the world been in more trouble than he -
Clint looked like he was about to dispute that, but before he could get a word out Tony came slumping into the kitchen, whining helplessly and not even dressed. He staggered across the room and came to a stop behind Steve’s Ma, planting his head firmly against the back of her shoulder as he groaned unintelligibly.
“Tony Stark,” he introduced himself instead, and stuck his arm out for Steve to shake once he had straightened back up again. “Nice to meet you.”
True to his word, Cap came back around twenty minutes later with a pile of clothes and an ancient looking cellphone. Tony had to hold in the urge to tut at it and promise him a state of the art Stark Phone, because he had managed to nearly roast alive and not have his secret identity revealed; he wasn’t about to do it himself by letting something stupid slip out.
“And you’ll have to tell me all about it,” Rogers promised with a nod. “But at present I have some urgent business matters to attend to. I’ll come find you when we’re done, all right?”
“There are eggs on the table,” his Ma replied, accepting the kiss he planted on her cheek as he passed with a smile. “And please don’t antagonise your brother. He’s in one of his quiet moods this morning.”
“I’ll shoot off an email to the Dean at MIT,” Tony mused, already pulling his laptop back to get a start on it. “He’s a friend of the family. I’m sure we can get some trial runs going over there.”
“Will have saved them all,” Tony insisted quietly, and then took a deep breath. “This… it’s okay, Steve. Really. I should have died in Afghanistan, should have died of palladium poisoning, should have died a million times before now. I was never meant for more than this.”
“He only calls me that when he wants something,” Rogers replied as he shoved Clint off him, as though that explanation made the situation any better. “What do you want this time, Clint?”
Rhodey nodded, took another swig of the whiskey in front of him. With a mechanical creak, he got to his feet, pistons whirring on his new legs as they took his weight. Steve marvelled for a moment at, once again, just how intelligent Tony Stark really was. Really had been.
“How silly of me,” Tony replied as he put the costume back, wondering idly when he started taking orders from his eight-year-old.
“I got over what other people thought of me when I was a scrawny eleven-year-old in high school the first time around,” Tony huffed, and then grinned at the girl sat opposite them who shot him a strange look.
It hadn’t been easy. He’d been disowned by his father once he’d told him he didn’t want to take up the family business, that he wanted to sing and play music in his friend’s rock and roll band, so he’d had to figure out how to live by his own means. In the early days, when they were playing a lot of bars and small festival circuits, he’d worked part time as a repair guy. It certainly hadn’t been the most glamorous of lives, and definitely not what he had been used to from childhood, but Tony had great friends, and he was making a go at doing something he truly loved for the first time in… well, ever. He was also a complete hit with the ladies (and gentlemen), so that had been an added bonus.
They had signed a record contract almost eight years ago now, under Wilson Talent Management, after Steve had spotted one of their scouts in the audience of a battle of the bands gig they had been playing. As soon as their set had ended, Steve had swooped down into the crowd and haggled the guy until he’d agreed to take them on. To this day, Tony didn’t know how he’d done it – just that his legendary puppy-dog eyes had probably somehow been involved.
An explosion boomed somewhere off to his left, and he froze in place, not knowing whether to stay where he was or run for the hills. Particles of dust and rubble rained down on him from the stone ceiling above, but… it didn’t
Taking a deep breath to steady his fluttering heart, he pulled the covers back and slipped off the side of the bed. Tony had gone in his pyjamas, he realised, which was strange. Slipping his slippers onto his feet, Steve followed along behind him, keeping quiet and at distance.
“I dunno,” Tony shrugged as he sat down and pulled a plate of mac and cheese towards him. “He seems a little lost. You ever think he just wants a friend?”
This time, along with the hissed words, he got a pencil flicked at the back of his head. Sighing, he turned in his seat to the bench behind him where his Dad was grinning sheepishly.
Life hadn’t always been like this, though. Once upon a time, Tony was supposed to take over his father’s weapons company. He had been just out of MIT, bumming around New England and trying to put off the inevitable, when he had wandered into a bar one evening and heard the most amazing sound coming from the in-house guitarist there. He’d listened to the whole set, bought one of the guy’s CDs afterwards, too, and they’d got to talking.
“Why don’t you take a seat, Mister Stark?” Rogers suggested just before Tony could take a step closer to examine the pickles.
“I actually just really like kissing you,” Steve replied, raising his eyebrows, “and kissing you is definitely not the only way I know how to shut you up.”
“Exactly,” Steve hummed, finishing the last of his breakfast. “There’s no stability. You don’t wanna live like that, mooching off Ma for the rest of your life. You could have your own place – somewhere in the city.”
Danvers looked regretful for just a moment, but hid it well as she pushed through the medical bay doors and laid Tony down on the nearest bed.
Steve sighed and rolled his eyes. Though Peter would probably be a sleepy nightmare tomorrow, Tony was right; it
“It’s nice to meet the asshole Natasha never stops complaining about,” Bucky replied, and Tony snorted.
“He’s got the sickest tattoos,” Clint hummed, “and his metal arm’s awesome. I think I approve of her being with him.”
“What’s wrong? Is it Peter –?” his Dad started, all before turning and realising that Peter was awake.
“Is there any wonder, the way you wind him up?” Steve replied, though he leaned in for another kiss. “Good morning.”
The sun was just beginning to shine through the cracks in their curtains when Steve woke up that morning. Tony’s warm, solid weight was pressed up against his back, his arms wrapped loosely around him as he slept, and Steve smiled, rolling on the spot to face him.
Everything settled as much as could be expected. Steve jumbled together the other Avengers and sent them out to help with the worst of it, breaking up the biggest riots and clearing the worst of the debris after fires and protesting. It was useless, of course, because for every fight they broke up, or every fire they put out, three more popped up in other corners of the world. They were fighting a losing battle, and very quickly burning themselves out in the process.
“Butt in duh spirit,” Peter repeated around his pacifier, tiredly reaching up to play with his own hair. “Pwees.”
“Oh, that’s fine,” Tony waved away his concern. Honestly, he had been more worried about them trying to steal the design. “I need to take a look at the cooling systems anyway – I’ll just make a new one.”
“Um, thanks, I guess,” Tony nodded, and then glanced around at them all. He kind of didn’t want to leave, all of a sudden; he felt weirdly good, standing amongst them. It kinda felt that maybe he wasn’t as bad a person as he had always thought. “I – yeah, I’m going.”
Kicking his chair out of the way, Peter turned and ran from the kitchen, not stopping until he was safely in the elevator heading for the penthouse and the sanctuary of his bedroom. In the confined space of the elevator, he finally let frustrated tears fall and a sob escape his lips.
“What are you doing up here?” Steve asked instead, very quickly realising this wasn’t some sordid affair, but no closer to actually finding the truth. Tony made an aborted move towards a small side table next to him, and Steve gasped. “You’re
He needed to come up with a plan, or he was going to starve to death before his family even had a chance to wail on him.
Tilting his head up towards the floor above, the man called out, quite calmly, “Thor? Frigga has escaped again and is looking for you.”
“There’s a first aid kit in the top cupboard,” Pepper told him, a little concern coming through like it always did, no matter how much she tried to hide it.
Peter did feel safe. There was still an overwhelming urge to pull away and run, a tension in his spine that had nothing to do with his injuries, but he knew that would go away. He wanted it to go away, because he knew he was safe.
“No,” Peter repeated with a giggle, though he dunked his plastic Thomas the Tank Engine spoon into the bowl and then lifted it up to feed to Tony all the same. Not a whole lot of it ended up in Tony’s mouth, but he appreciated the sentiment.
was a little eccentric – these people were definitely crazy. “I don’t suppose you know where your eccentric boss is by any chance?”
“I could get Pops to tell the Principle, but that’ll just make the bullying worse, won’t it? We could have you transfer schools, but being the new kid is just as bad as being the smart kid, right? I just… I don’t know how to make things better for you other than to tell you that you have less than a year left, and then you’re free.
“It’s not…” Steve started to argue, but the words died on his tongue. “There has to be something we can do.”
“Okay,” he croaked, and then cleared his throat by taking a swig of water. “Yeah, okay, I guess I can stay a little while.”
. “But I wasn’t kidding when I said his oxygen levels were low. You should probably do something about that.”
he signed as he sat down opposite Clint at the table, placing the hearing aid between them. Clint, at least, had the decency to look a little ashamed.
“The same reason I haven’t told my family what I do with you guys,” Steve replied. “The same reason I carry a gun down the back of my pants.”
“I was trying to do the right thing,” Steve hiccuped, desperately trying to hold back tears in front of his team. “You told me to stop fighting, so… so I went to the police…”
“There’s a storage unit place nearby,” Sam suggested. “We could rent a unit out, park ‘em in there everyday. It’d mean walking a couple of blocks to get here, but we could all use the exercise.”
It was a trap – it had to be a trap. But… Peter was tired, and his hand hurt, and he so desperately wanted it to be his real Pops, his not-brainwashed one, that he found himself shuffling forwards towards the door. He wanted to go home, and he wanted pizza, and his jammies, and his bedroom, and –
Sat at the end of the bar, seemingly talking to herself (though Bucky knew she had to be talking to her own fairy), was his
Carbonell’s was a classy, established place. Tony had worked his ass off for the past ten years, building his brand from the ground up, giving the people a little slice of five star dining for a reasonable price, and now… well, now he was losing customers to the
“Well, he’s not looking his best right now,” Danvers tried, though the joke fell spectacularly flat.
Steve grinned back, feeling a little lighter. “Well, I think it’s about time we showed the kids what we actually did for a living.”
“You’re a traitor,” Tony announced as he walked into the staff room that morning. “My mother’s probably turning in her grave.”
seem silly,” Pepper grinned, “but we don’t need to worry about that until later, okay? Right now, you guys need to get moving.”
Luckily, in the next moment, he got a text message. Shooting Steve a quick glance, he pulled his phone out of his pocket and unlocked it.
“Just peachy,” Tony replied, crossing his arms behind his head. “Was I at least doing it right before we both went tumbling to the floor?”
“Of course I am,” Tony replied with a huff, getting to his feet to grab the remaining dirty dishes and carry them over to Steve at the sink. Dumb goof insisted on washing dishes by hand instead of in the state of the art machine Tony had installed. “They’re my children, my babies. I adore them.”
“Hey, Natasha?” he asked, swivelling back and forth in his chair. “Nat, hey, do birds have dicks? Natasha, are you listening? Because you never see them, but then are they like dog dicks? Do they just, like,
Putting both cookies onto one of Peter’s Dora the Explorer plates, figuring they could share it, Steve then grabbed the plate in one hand and Peter’s milk in the other, and headed back out into the lounge.
“When did you get so domestic?” Steve hummed, quickly wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist from behind before he could jump.
“Aw, baby,” Tony grinned, pecking the back of Peter’s head in the process. “You know I’m only joking.”
“Whoops,” Tony grinned at him, and Steve refused to admit that his heart skipped a little at the sight. “Looks like I gotta go, sugar plum. I only wanted to drop by and say your ass looks great in those shorts, anyway.”
He was going to have to talk to his Dad about making one that could be turned off remotely, because he sure as hell wasn’t going to do
“Is that why you would never let me come with you?” Clint asked, wiping his eyes quickly. “I thought you’d lost your job and just didn’t want to tell Ma, that’s why you wouldn’t let me tag along -”
“Well,” Tony hummed, “would you rather be a robot who looks like a human, or one that looks a little boxier?”
He was immediately hit by a wall of noise, of people laughing, children yelling, glasses clinking and cutlery scraping against plates. Momentarily overwhelmed, he stood stock still, staring around. There were hundreds of photos on the wall, family looking photos, as well as other tacky shit: there were hockey sticks and sports jerseys, car number plates and old records.
Tony had already told them he was Iron Man with complete faith that they would keep his secret. Hell, it had got to the point where the military were riding Iron Man’s ass so hard that he’d
“Hey,” Steve shook his head fiercely, moving his hand up to gently cup the back of Clint’s neck. “You have absolutely nothing to be sorry about, okay? This is completely my fault; I dragged you all into this -”
“You’re… you’re a butler, and you speak to guests like that?” Tony asked, somehow not really surprised. Sighing, he continued, “I’m Tony Stark, Mr. Rogers’ accountant. I’m supposed to meet with him today?”
“I’m fine,” he chuckled, stretching out a little as Tony rolled off him and laid out beside him. “Are you okay?”
“Frigga!” came a booming, authoritative voice from the stairs behind him. Cursing his inquisitive nature for probably getting him killed, Tony came skidding to a stop in the archway and looked back over his shoulder.
His hands were just closing around the first knobs, preparing to climb, when there was an echoing groan, a rumble, and then the gate was creaking open. Feeling somehow more on edge than he had when the gate was firmly closed, Tony stepped back and let the metal inch forwards, creating a gap just big enough for him to slither through. Rolling his eyes, he sucked in his gut, pushed his briefcase through first, and then ducked through into the grounds.
“The burger’s even better,” Steve told him, laying his hands down on the table as he pushed himself to his feet. “A truce it is, then. And your meal is on the house, of course.”
“He’s…” But even as Tony watched, Rogers ducked down and seemed to scoop up a part of the chair. Only, on closer inspection, it was, in fact, a tiny chameleon that had taken on the colour of the chair cushion. As Tony continued to watch, George slowly changed to the colour of Rogers’ hands instead.
Quietly, so as not to wake Steve, who was snoring against Tony’s shoulder, he turned the phone around and took a quick snap of them. He then sent it to Natasha with the caption,
Peter... had been excited by the thought at first, but now he was really starting to regret agreeing to this so readily.
“I, uh, I think I need a little help with the choreography in Marian, The Librarian,” Tony told him, eyebrows drawn together as though he were nervous, though that, of course, was a ridiculous thought. Why would Tony be nervous about speaking to Steve?
The path was lined on either side with huge, hulking bushes artfully cut into the shape of animals – and eagle, hawk, spider, etc. He admired them as he passed, but didn’t slow down; the faster he got this meeting done with, the faster he could go home.
) and had gotten a thumbs up emoji in return, which… was odd. His father should not be using emojis.
“We never really talked about the giant, fairy sized elephant in the room,” Natasha hummed, turning the corner onto their street. “Did you get a look at his fairy? You’re officially in a lifelong bond, too, y’know.”
Bucky was one of the football guys, and one of the only exceptions to Steve’s generally low expectations for jocks. They hadn’t always been friends, though; Bucky had originally been one of many bullies who liked to make Steve’s life hell. Finally, one day, Steve had had enough, and smacked Bucky around the head with a lunch tray so hard that it had given him two black eyes. They’d been best friends since.
“Sure,” he replied instead, heading over to a comfortable looking chair opposite Rogers’ own at the desk.
“Yeeesss,” Tony replied, making an exaggerated groaning noise as he ducked in to scoop James up into his arms. “Jeez, no more milk for you, okay? You’re getting much too big and strong, and I need you to stay my baby forever -”
“You’re welcome, son of mine,” Tony replied. He let go of Steve and walked over to the coffee table, dropping a kiss onto the top of Peter’s head. “And you can have one piece of candy, okay? We’re ordering pizza in a half hour to celebrate Papa coming home, so don’t fill up.”
“You can’t back down now,” Tony shook his head. “We knew what we were getting ourselves into. I – I can do this, alright? I can do this, and then you have to go save the universe –“
He half expected Steve to be a little offended, but instead he was flashed a daring smile. “There’s nothing wrong with a little competition, Tony. How about this – try the food. If you like it, we’ll call a truce, leave each other to our own business -”
“He was drifting just outside the Milky Way,” Danvers murmured, staring down at Stark as well. “Couldn’t have been a few days from arriving here, but the oxygen levels were dangerously low. He would have died before getting back.”
“So this might be a little bit presumptuous, seeing how you just died,” Tony started, “but do you maybe wanna spend the rest of time with me?”
“That’s Daddy’s bad,” Tony told him while Peter shook his little head. “But, to be fair, this movie drags you in.”
Peter appeared from between people’s legs, little face scrunched up in misery as tears ran down his face. Without thinking about it, and sensing Steve doing the same behind him, Tony crouched down again to Peter’s level.
“We still need to find some more cardboard to make your eyes,” Tony hummed, still very much in build mode. “You want them to go on top of your head like a hat, or over your eyes like a mask?”
“Please,” Tony scoffed. “Egging and teepeeing is practically expected on Halloween, Steve. Where’s your holiday spirit?”
“I swear to god he doesn’t just go around flashing his dick to people,” Buck sighed, running a hand over the top of his head. “It was… kinda my idea? The first time you met, he panicked ‘cos he was in his underwear and yet still, somehow, managed to come out sounding all smooth, but then he told me about it and was worried he wouldn’t be able to replicate the…
today; why Peter had decided that that meant he needed to be as difficult as possible was beyond Steve, but every task had been a chore.
When the snap happened, Steve realised that he really hadn’t understood the true magnitude of everything that had been lost. The following days acted as a tally, on which he kept adding the names of friends, of colleagues, of politicians, of… of everyone they had lost. Everyone
“Take your fucking pants off,” Tony grunted, pulling away only momentarily before their mouths were back together again.
“They do not,” Tony confirmed, grunting as his foot got caught in his pants leg. “I’ve just got to pack up the armour, wait until the coast is clear, and then I’m getting the hell out of dodge. I’ll be back in Malibu… well, I dunno. Can you send the plane over?”
Tony thought back to the explosion he had heard earlier, and realised it suddenly made a little more sense. Horrible, terrifying sense.
Tony was already waiting outside his shop when the tow truck dropped them off. By the look of his crossed arms and firm brow, Steve guessed he wasn’t too happy, either, but he found he didn’t really have enough strength to care. Clint was still out there with those monsters, and the faster Tony could fix up their bikes, the faster they could find him and get him home safely.
specifically she found her soulmate, but ten years had passed since then. Natasha’s friends and colleagues were starting to settle down, whether it be with soulmates or otherwise, and she had never really been one to follow the crowd, but even Tony could see that one night stands just weren’t really doing it for her anymore.
“He needs more than basic medical training right now!” Steve yelled back, adrenaline still thrumming in his veins, but he still took a left turn that would take them back to their clubhouse. “Shit, Bucky, call Natasha and tell her we’re dropping off casualties at base before we meet them. Someone call Bruce and tell him to be ready for us!”
Tony was still feeling pleasantly buzzed from the half bottle of whiskey he had consumed at home, though he was sure by the end of the night he would be considerably less so. He’d worked out a system whereby he took sips of other people’s drinks while they weren’t looking. He breezed right by them without them noticing, and he only took a few mouthfuls at a time – the drunks at the bar didn’t even notice.
“Right, of course not, don’t know what I was thinking,” he mumbled, tucking his power cable back into his briefcase and praying that the battery held out for them. “Okay, so let’s see what we can find here.”
“I might just take you up on that offer,” he hummed, and then, with a final smirk, patted the napkin and then walked away without another word.
thing Bucky and Steve seemed to have going on. Even worse, Steve made his distaste for Tony’s lifestyle very well known via judgy looks, and by the end of dinner, Tony had pretty much had enough.
“Nope, nuh-uh,” Tony shook his head, already grabbing another couple of toilet roll tubes from the coffee table. “Can’t do both, kid. There’s no way I’m letting silver paint near that thing now it’s finally dried.”
“Peter!” he snapped, coming to a halt in the middle of the room; he wasn’t going to chase him around all day. “Why are you being like this? You usually
“Especially not if we’re getting a baby soon,” Steve sighed, running a hand through his sweat-damp hair. “We’re gonna have to tell the rest of the band about it – Sam, Bucky too.”
“Adorable,” Natasha reiterated with a smirk, and then leaned in to peck Tony on the cheek. “Please don’t be a dick and ruin it.”
“Missa Stark?” called a tiny girl from somewhere around his ankle, tugging insistently at his vampire cape to gain his attention over the music. “Missa Stark, Jimmy’s no’ playin’ apple bobbin’ wight.”
“I know it wasn’t your fault,” Peter felt he should explain, even as his face heated in embarrassment. “I’m sorry; I don’t know what I’m doing. I must just be tired –“
Steve hummed, leaning in to kiss Tony soundly on the lips. “You’re so sexy when you’re good with the kids.”
The one thing they didn’t do was speak about the Accords and Siberia. If anything, it seemed like Tony was doing his very best to avoid any conversation that would cause an argument – something that was very unlike him. Steve supposed that he was just so traumatised, so happy to be back on Earth, that he was doing his level best to keep everyone who remained as close to him as possible. Steve knew exactly what that felt like, and could absolutely respect Tony’s intentions.
Steve nodded, remembering in frightening detail that there had been a hole in his side. He took a moment to just breathe, body shuddering a little, and then he stilled when an arm – Tony’s arm, he realised – wrapped around him from behind, and a warm, sleep-limp body pressed against his back.
“Hi,” the nearly naked stranger grinned easily, seemingly completely okay with meeting a new neighbour for the first time in only his underpants. “Just moving in?”
“Who are you working for?” Cap asked urgently, taking a step towards him. Tony instinctively put a repulsor up, remembering all too well how much it had smarted to get that shield to the head. Cap paused, glancing between Tony’s hand and then his face plate. “Why are you doing this? All this time… all this time you’ve been branded a villain, a terrorist, but -”
“You might think you’re a joke, Tony,” Steve murmured, leaning in to kiss his slack lips. “But all those people disagree with you.”
When he woke up, Steve felt strange. His body thrummed oddly, and his brain was telling him that he should probably be in pain, but there was a complete lack of feeling altogether. Suddenly overcome by fear, his eyes snapped open, only for him to let out a deep, whistling breath when the first thing he saw was Clint laying, completely unhurt, next to him.
“It was pretty good,” Steve nodded, and then, stretching, pulled himself into a sitting position, “but it could be better.”
That was a good idea to break the ice. Natasha and Tony liked to play a game called Five and One after they’d argued, where they’d tell each other five things they liked about each other, and one thing they needed to improve on. If nothing else, it’d be an opportunity for Tony to get some flirty compliments in.
jealous that he wasn’t invited. So not jealous, in fact, that he took to leaving them food outside just to prove how useful and not jealous he was. If he was also hoping to catch Tony alone, maybe apologise for the Accords and everything that had happened since, well… that was just extra. That wasn’t important – not as important as proving how useful and not jealous he was.
“Nope,” she replied, much more eloquently than he would have expected. “You’re a pretty shitty fairy, you know that?”
“He could use a haircut,” Tony hummed, tucked securely into Natasha’s breast pocket as they made their way home a few hours later. “But not too bad, right? Nice jawline, body, and those
“Hey, baby, sorry,” he hummed, not making any attempt to move as Steve walked towards him. There was a guitar in his hands, he realised. “Did I wake you?”
,” Steve sighed, exasperated. “You were so excited to see me and Daddy get married last week when we went suit shopping. Is it – do you not like the suit? Is that it -?”
When Steve got his first look at Tony in the entrance of the church, he knew they’d made the right decision. While Steve’s tux was a dark, navy blue, Tony’s suit was a charcoal grey. He’d opted for a neck tie rather than a bowtie, but that was fine by Steve; he looked wonderful. Even Peter, who was thankfully now in his own suit and clutching Tony’s hand, seemed in a much better mood.
“How gracious of you, putting her first,” Steve laughed, and then continued laughing quietly when Tony groaned from behind him and slapped him lightly on the chest.
He didn’t really know what to do, and found himself running towards the crash site before really making a conscious effort to do so. There was a person – a blonde woman – circling around the ship, scratching her head as though she were confused, and Steve thought that maybe she was the Nebula that Tony had been talking about, or –
They both fell silent, waiting for Rhodey to return with Bruce. Steve hated silence, especially when he knew it was because someone was hurt. Before he could stop himself, he reached out and laid a gentle hand across Tony’s chest, feeling for his heartbeat. It was there, if barely, and Steve let it thump against his hand, almost imagining he could push some of his own life force – his will to live – into Tony to help him heal. It didn’t work, of course, and Tony remained terrifyingly cold and still, but it comforted Steve all the same.
“I promised my Ma I wouldn’t get suspended again,” Steve grumbled, jabbing a bony elbow into Bucky’s side when he snorted out a laugh. “Shut up, jerk.”
Tony felt a little sick, and then angry that he felt that way. Stane had betrayed him – had tried to kill him more than once; he shouldn’t have felt any sort of sadness for him.
“Hey, why don’t I come out with you? Buffer you from the guy a little bit?” Rhodey suggested over breakfast, and Tony barely managed to hide a sigh of relief. Having Rhodey there with him would help give him the confidence to do this.
“I actually have an undergraduate degree in computer engineering, and I still have quite a few contacts,” he hummed, opening another window for Rogers to see. “It’d be pretty simple and easy to get some colleges set up with an armed force overseas programme, and if it takes off, no doubt other colleges will follow suit.”
“Water would be fine, thank you,” Steve replied a little stiffly, glancing around the living room with interest.
Pulling up, he killed the engine and climbed off, kicking the stand out so his bike wouldn’t fall over as he moved away. Readjusting the gun in the back of his pants discreetly, he tweaked his stance so he looked a little more intimidating, and then strode over to the boarded up door.
And now Tony was dead. Maybe it had been the snap, maybe he had been obliterated by Thanos himself, but if he were alive Steve knew they would have heard from him by now. Earth’s best defender, snuffed out like so many others.
“Fine,” Steve replied with clenched teeth, and then seemed to forcibly make himself take a deep breath. “Thank you.”
“You son of a bitch,” he snarled, taking momentary comfort in the look of terror gracing Stane’s face from the floor. He took a menacing step forwards, then another. “You piece of cowardly, traitorous
“All these years, and that’s still the most effective way you’ve got to shut me up,” Tony grumbled, leaning in for one more kiss, because he was an addict by this point. “You could just
“You’re suggesting… actually going back in time?” Rhodey asked quietly when no-one else seemed capable of replying.
Steve grinned and reached up with his free hand to link his and Tony’s fingers together against his chest. “Yes, boss.”
“Twenty years,” Tony went on. “Twenty years we’ve been friends, and not once have you betrayed me. And then that dive bar -”
Pickings were mightily slim on the ground in the cafeteria, eligible fairy wise, so Tony ended up spending most of his afternoon back in Natasha’s office again. He tried not to annoy her, really he did, but it was
After that, the battle became more heated. The Red Skull appeared from the doorway looking pissed, and Steve spotted the machine gun in his hands just a second too late. He let bullets fly, and there was a brief moment where Steve found himself thankful that he didn’t seem to be a good shot, but then a strangled cry from somewhere near caught his ears and his heart caught in his throat.
“This is a pretty nice place,” Rhodey admitted as he put the boxes down on the kitchen counter. “Are you sure you’re okay living completely by yourself?”
“Get your friends to buy tickets, too,” he told them both before the big day, and paused when they both stared back at him. “What?”
– you’re fuckin’ lazy. All you care about is yourself. It was fine when we were stupid kids, but we’re grown ups now and y'gotta start acting like it.”
that they could do that might help reverse the situation they were in. He wasn’t stupid enough to convince himself that it would work, but… a small part of him desperately hoped it would. If they could get Tony back – if they could get the
“Uh, sure,” Tony nodded, forcing himself back into gear. He turned and locked his door, and then followed Rhodey down the corridor. “Shotgun.”
“Of course he did,” Tony hummed, pulling both himself and James into a sitting position with another groan. He certainly wasn’t a young man anymore. “You know why he sent you? Because you weigh a tonne, kid, and I’m fairly certain he wants to suffocate me -”
Leaving Peter’s clothes on the couch, Steve stood and crossed the room, scooping Peter clean off the ground and into his arms where he held him close against his chest.
There was a small pause, giving Steve time to realise – really, properly realise – that Tony had been in space. He had seen alien species, other planets, and that… Steve couldn’t even imagine. It must have been terrifying and awe-inspiring in equal measure.
. God, she was gorgeous. Short, wavy, fiery red hair, a plump, full pair of luscious lips, and curves that went on forever, she was absolutely stunning. But he also got a sense of danger from her, an independence, that was also very intriguing to him.
Once they were safely inside Natasha’s apartment building, Tony tipped himself out of her pocket and had grown to full size before he’d even hit the ground. They took the stairs instead of the elevator, both of them full of too much excited energy to really stand still long enough.
“Don’t forget your shoes,” Steve called as Peter ran for the door, and the little boy quickly skidded and scooped up his shoes as he went. “See you soon, buddy!”
Pietro and Wanda used to be HYDRA members, and Steve was pretty sure they had been members of the Russian Mafia before that (though he was also pretty sure they weren’t actually Russian). They had changed sides after realising that HYDRA were no good, that they wanted control of the city rather than to make it a better place like Steve and his gang, but they still had a tonne of contacts that were willing to help out.
“He needs medical attention!” Thor roared as he rode past, brandishing what looked like a sledgehammer, of all things.
Who knew so many people went for the rugged, slightly grimy, potentially homeless look he had been sporting back then?
“I’m not gonna ruin this for you,” Tony replied quietly, letting Natasha rub her lipstick mark off his cheek. “I might be a dick, though. That’s just part of the package -”
Tony barked out a surprised, indignant laugh when Natasha flicked his whole head with one of her fingers.
Hulk scooped him up by the leg like he weighed nothing, and all Peter could do was take a deep breath before he was swung like a baseball bat straight into the wall. His head connected sharply and knocked him dizzy; the pain was starting to leech out of him, which he realised groggily was definitely not a good sign. His vision was going fuzzy at the edges, and no matter how hard he fought it, he couldn’t seem to keep his eyes open for more than a few seconds.
With the room so crowded, people just assumed a stray elbow or handbag had knocked the glasses onto the floor – it was no big deal.
Steve went running again. He didn’t stop when the blonde woman put her fists up, and he didn’t stop when the blue woman stepped in front of Tony protectively; he barged through them both and wrapped his arms as tightly around Tony as he dared.
“Tony’s fine,” he replied before he could stop himself. “And… I mean, the hockey sticks are a little tacky -”
“Like a house ghost,” Tony confirmed, and then, without further ado, let his first roll of paper fly. With a naughty cackle, Peter followed suit, and Steve soon followed with his first egg.
Steve squeaked, surprised, but immediately pressed back. He felt dizzy with adrenaline and endorphins, but also the smell of Tony’s cologne and how safe he felt in the circle of Tony’s arms.
Peter hurt all over. It wasn’t a particularly sharp pain – more a bone deep ache that seemed to touch every single part of his body. As he came to, it was the first thing that he really noticed before even opening his eyes. When he did open his eyes, it took him a few moments to realise where he was – the medical bay at the Tower.
“Oh, sure, man,” Sam nodded, noting that down on a notebook he had in his apron. “We’ll get right on that for you.”
“Umm,” he replied, and quickly had to clear his throat because it came out around five octaves higher than he wanted it to. “Uh, I have to get to work.”
“You know, I was actually going to talk to you about that,” Tony cleared his throat as he placed his briefcase on the desk in front of him. “You aren’t in trouble or anything, but you’re supposed to declare all the residents who live full time in your residence to the government. You have to pay a mansion tax, you see, for additional bedrooms not being used, so you’re actually missing out on a considerable amount of money by not declaring.”
fairies knew of their existence, but the general consensus was that they were just mythical creatures, and that’s the way the Fairy Elders wanted to keep it.
“Noo, Dada!” James cackled, wrapping his little arms and legs around Tony like a cuddly octopus. “M'gonna get s'big as Papa!”
Without further ado, he tore a bag open and offered it to Peter, who reached in and pulled out a bite-size candy bar with a big grin on his face. Then, while Peter toddled off to eat in peace, Tony poured the rest of the bag into a plastic pumpkin and reached for another bag to do the same.
“James, hi,” Natasha smiled, leaning into the hug that Bucky wrapped her in. She reached up on her tiptoes to kiss him on the lips, and he came away smiling like a goof.
“Okay,” he nodded, thoughtful. “Well, what kind of robot do you want to be, squirt? Are we talking Wall-E, or are we talking Prometheus? Interstellar or Rossum’s Universal Robots?”
Tony looked down at his food. He had to admit that it did look good – thick, chunky cut fries with the skin still on were sat in a decorative little bucket, and the burger was packed full with what looked like three different kinds of meat, as well as salad and sauce.
“He’s the reason we have the soul stone,” Carol told her, holding up the bag of stones. “It’s his soul.”
Taking a couple of deep, steadying breaths, he took the knife from the stove and sat back down at the table. He shook as he laid his left hand down on the table-top, palm up.
“I still don’t think it’s possible,” he sighed, and then held his hand up when Rogers started to snap again. “But there
The morning after he’d met with Pepper and Rhodey for drinks, he simply left an hour later for work. Part of it was to see if he could miss Steve (who he was fairly certain headed out to work pretty soon after Tony himself normally did), and partly because he was a little hung-over and needed the extra half-hour in bed. He’d be late, of course, but his work spoke for itself, so he wouldn’t be in too much trouble.
“What about this werewolf one?” Tony suggested, pulling it off one of the higher rails for Peter to see.
“It’s not a dive bar, Tony,” Pepper rolled her eyes as she looked over the receipts that evening after closing. “Irish Rogers’ Tavern and Eatery is exactly what it says on the sign. Rhodey says that their burgers are pretty good, apparently.”
He didn’t start to worry until lunchtime rolled around, however. He’d texted Tony during class directing him to Peter’s usual table (
“You can keep your head down, not cause trouble, and blend in with the wallpaper until Pops and the others figure out how to turn you back,” Peter told him seriously. “I’m not messing around, Da– Tony.”
Peter was a strange one. There were moments where he showed real progress, where Steve thought he had the potential to actually take dancing further if he wanted to. Other times… he looked like a newborn giraffe learning to walk. He was a weird mix of perfect grace and unending clumsiness, and Steve was still trying to figure out which was the dominant trait.
Cap’s expression softened, and he gave Tony a gentle smirk. “It’s always sexier when a stranger saves your life.”
“Oh,” Peter managed intelligently, but, injured as he was, didn’t move quickly enough as everyone surged forwards.
“I’m just fine, J, okay, but I need you to put me through to Pepper,” he replied, grabbing the pair of pants Cap had left for him. He began tugging them on one handed. “On a private line, if you would, dear.”
“I was trying to keep you safe,” he replied, voice cracking. “I was trying to – I wanted to make the city safer for you to grow up in. I never meant to get caught up in HYDRA’s shit, I swear.”
etched skilfully into it), and he braced himself for more of what would surely be an unpleasant surprise. When Rogers did open the door, however, it was to two seemingly regular-looking people lounging around inside.
“Truth is, they don’t really like me,” he sighed, and Peter finally raised his head to look at him. His Dad gave him a small, apologetic smile, and then lifted his shirt to reveal a smattering of deep bruises along his ribs and chest. “Kids are smart, these days. Don’t punch you where adults will see.”
“You fucking jerk,” Tony huffed out a laugh, smacking Steve lightly on the chest. “God, I’m having a mid-life crisis, aren’t I?”
“And if it’s not up to my standards?” Tony asked, leaning forwards a little in his seat, finding himself smiling.
“He was not propositioning me,” Tony huffed in reply, leaning down to grab the remaining boxes. “Shut up.”
“Hey, sugarplum, how’s it going?” he called over the crowd, slipping into a space beside Natasha at the bar. She looked considerably drunker than he felt. “Any luck yet?”
They turned to leave, only to find Tony staring into one of the many cases of goods the Collector was hoarding.
“I resent that,” Tony sniffed, bounding to his feet. “Besides, that nice sandwich place down the street closes in a half hour, and you need to eat.”
While his Dad continued to speak about his day, Peter picked at his dinner and tuned the noise out. He wasn’t particularly hungry; he hadn’t been hungry for what felt like weeks, now. While his Dad had been having the time of his life in high-school, Peter had been getting further and further down the chain of command. He felt abandoned, alone, and all the more so because he knew it was at least partly his Dad’s fault.
“Of course I care,” Tony replied, affronted. “And I’ll speak to him about it. Hey, maybe I can break the ice between you two a little, get a dialogue going –“
Thanos’s gauntlet. It was just sitting there, gathering dust, as though it wasn’t the vessel for the most powerful weapon in the known universe.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Fine, okay, we’ll look for your soulmate. But if we’ve not found them by the end of the night…?”
“Sorry,” Steve started automatically, taking a step back towards the door. “I didn’t realise you were in here.”
“Who dares spoil my Sunday morning lie in?” he rumbled, refusing to open his eyes, and smiled when he heard a little giggle come from the body on top of him. “
“We are twins,” Wanda replied fiercely. “We are two halves of the same being. Take my blood and save him.”
“You… really?” Tony asked, a little surprised. “So even though your boss said you’re not expecting anyone, you, the butler, are gonna let the stranger into his house? That’s… great, okay, I’m coming in.”
Natasha looked worn down, he noticed for the first time. Her stance didn’t hold its usual sharpness, and her eyes were a little less bright than he remembered. She looked exhausted.
Tony sat up at that admission, a little taken aback, but definitely in a good way. Steve’s blush returned when he smirked at him.
But after a quick, stern talking to himself, he took one more deep breath, and then strode forwards as confidently as he could manage.
“You lied to us,” Clint whispered, bottom lip trembling, and that cut Steve deeper than any bullet ever could. “All this time -”
“Hi, yeah, um… Tony Stark,” he introduced himself, deciding against holding his hand out. “I’m Mr. Rogers’ accountant? Here for a meeting?”
His mind was a lot clearer when he next woke up. He took a moment before opening his eyes to just take in his surroundings via touch and hearing. There was a soft, thin blanket over his body, and the way it felt told him he was naked underneath it. Warning bells went off in his head and his eyes snapped open; his helmet was still firmly in place, though it appeared to be broken.
? I thought I could trust you to be my friend when nobody else would, to protect me and help me, but you’re just like them!”
“I was thinking,” Tony mumbled, sticking his pen into his mouth to chew absent-mindedly, “that maybe I was gonna sit at the popular table today? You can come too, if you want; it’s just that the guys keep asking, and it seems kinda rude to turn them down, don’t you think?”
Tony nodded, and was about to turn back to the bed to make sure the remains of his armour was actually under there, when a thought came to him.
“I think we’re about done for the night, folks,” he called into the microphone, and grinned when the whole arena booed. “Now, darlings, don’t be that way.”
Steve felt a shiver run down his spine, infinitely charmed, and nodded his head. “Yeah, you’re doing a good job.”
“But I like this one, as well,” Peter huffed with his bottom lip sticking out, tugging on a Buzz Lightyear costume hung up above him. “And I like the Papa one, too. But then there’s the clown one –“
“You’re not pointing your toes, Peter,” he instructed, showing the kid how to properly execute a move. “Half of your problems would go away if you just pointed your toes. The other half would go away if you spread your weight more evenly on your feet. Stop tilting forwards and hunching over – you’re going to pull a muscle. Push your chest forwards and your shoulders back.”
“I’m not perfect,” Cap shook his head softly, a gentle, almost pitying expression on his face. Tony hated that expression. “Nobody is perfect. You… I don’t understand your motives. I don’t understand what your endgame is, but… but you’re not evil, are you? Not really.”
“You fly down there, you’re not coming back out again,” Tony cut her off. He had a strange expression on his face again as he turned to Steve. “Steve –“
“You’re nasty,” Rhodey groaned, grimacing. “I just… what’s the problem, then? Are you doing that thing where you overthink everything when you could just be getting your mack on –?“
Tony was speechless, literally left without a single word in his head. How was he supposed to respond to that? He had come here with the intention of trying to talk Rogers out of it, but after that speech, after his own college experience with his dad when he was just fifteen years old, he found he actually wanted nothing more than to help Rogers achieve his dream. But -
“Tony, I swear to God,” Natasha growled from behind her desk, hunched over a manuscript with a pink marker pen. “Shut your mouth right this second before I tear your pretty wings off.”
“But you… you’re a little brash,” Steve went on. “You don’t seem to take your job all that seriously.”
Heart aching in his chest, Steve laid in bed a moment longer, part of him considering going back to sleep, forgetting he had seen or heard anything, and letting whatever this was continue.
Tony, catching on to his meaning, nodded his head and got to his feet. “Sure, and then I’ll come help with story time.”
“You don’t have to marry them,” Natasha rolled her eyes, ducking into the kitchenette for a bottle of water. “But you’d really be doing me a favour if you could at least
“See, now who’s being mean?” Tony hummed, and then grimaced as he took a bite of his mac and cheese. “Also, remind me to call the school board when we get home, because I never want this trash in your body ever again.”
“That’s Scott Lang!” he blurted out, hitting a couple of keys on the command centre to blow the image up bigger. “How –?”
“This time, unfortunately, it isn’t,” Tony shook his head. “Universities aren’t owned by a single person. There are education authorities, and then there are boards of governors, a dean, etcetera, but there isn’t a single person who owns the school. Students pay an annual tuition and board fee to keep the school running and its staff working, and there are usually a number of outside donations made, as well.”
“Okay, I guess this is where we leave you,” Bucky smiled, allowing Natasha to link their arms together. “You guys gonna be all right?”
“Will my last name change?” Peter chirped; Steve turned back to him to gage his expression before answering.
Steve kept running, Rhodes falling into step beside him despite his disability, but as they rounded the corner and came face to face with a wall of windows that gave way to the grounds outside, they both stopped as one.
Shuri managed to extract the Mind Stone from Vision’s head mere seconds before a thundering boom shook the walls and Thanos appeared on the lawn outside.
And with that, Steve flashed a cheeky grin and then turned back into his own apartment. Once the door was closed, Tony breathed out for what felt like the first time since he had laid eyes on him.
It took a couple of hours, but by the time Bruce had sewed up Pietro’s entrance and exit wounds, and then had given him an emergency transfusion of Wanda’s blood, it looked like he was going to make a full recovery. They’d had to go without anaesthetic, which hadn’t been a fun experience for anyone in the room, honestly, but Pietro was going to be fine; he was resting groggily on a makeshift nest they’d made out of sheets and spare articles of clothing with Wanda wrapped around him protectively.
He put the phone down before anything else could be said. Becoming President was the very last thing he wanted, especially during all of the chaos that reigned. He couldn’t help if he was President, couldn’t fight with everyone else.
He had just stepped out of the bathroom with a towel around his waist when suddenly Bruce came bursting through his door. He had the decency to flush a little with embarrassment once he realised Steve was half naked, but ultimately looked too rushed to really pay it any mind.
“You said that if we weren’t up for this, to back out,” Tony reasoned quietly. He was balancing right on the edge of the pit, and looked so small. “I’m right here.”
It was true, and the resounding silence that echoed around the room confirmed it. Everyone looked at each other, at a loss of what to suggest.
He couldn’t keep the late mornings up, though. Being late every now and again was all well and good, but Fury, his boss, was starting to lose his patience. Tony was a talented mechanic, sure, but Fury had no time for unreliable people; Tony was going to have to come up with another way to try and avoid Steve.
“Let’s just hope she doesn’t infect the boys, too, huh?” he hummed, patting Peter’s tummy gently. “The last thing we need is
What Steve couldn’t stop thinking about was that, regardless of the Accords, regardless of everything that had happened, Tony hadn’t even stopped to think before hurling himself into battle against Thanos’s goons. Steve had seen it on the news; Tony had thrown himself onto that ship without pause to try and save the world.
knocking drinks onto the floor after spotting one slimy guy in particular going around dropping something into girls’ glasses.
With a last few scribbles, he dropped his pen and then passed the work back to Peter, who discreetly tucked it back into his bag while the teacher was helping another student. Assuming their exchange was done, because it had gotten to the point where he and his Dad didn’t speak a whole lot during classes, Peter turned back to his work and picked his pen up.
“He’s a child, Tony,” Steve shook his head, and then turned to wipe Peter’s tears away with his thumbs gently. “A bully, sure, but a child. Do not go over there and threaten him.”
They ended up talking for a lot longer than either of them had anticipated; in the end, Rhodey decided to crash at Tony’s place. It wasn’t the first time they’d spooned – at this point, it was practically normal to loan Rhodey a pair of his PJs and get some snuggle time in.
His Pops made a sound like a dying animal, and it was the worst noise Peter had ever heard in his life. Worse still, it seemed to rouse his Dad from his slumber, because he took a big breath and sat bolt upright all in one motion.
“So, what’s your plan for the day?” his Ma asked as she finally sat down at the table, placing a plate stacked with bacon between them.
“Um, yeah,” his Dad replied, following him as Peter made his way over to his usual table. “I’m hopefully only here for a couple of weeks maximum, and he was struggling, so I thought
“I don’t know,” Steve sighed, heart feeling heavy in his chest. “He’s always back by morning, and he… he
He thought about going back out through the door, but where was the showmanship in that? He was already going to have to remodel the building – might as well go out in style. With that in mind, he kicked his foot repulsors to life and went smashing through the wall, sending plaster and debris everywhere.
Cap nodded, taking a deep breath, and let it out as a sigh of what Tony thought was relief. “Hawkeye owes me fifty bucks.”
“You just moved in,” Rhodey rolled his eyes, accepting a carton of take-out that Tony handed over to him. “You’re not moving out again just because you have a weird crush on your creepy neighbour.”
“I, um – can I get a beer?” Tony asked, because he was already here – he might as well get a little drunk before he faced Pepper and Rhodey again.
“What’s with the guitar?” Steve asked gently, drawing attention back to it. “You were always more of a piano guy.”
Steve, to his credit, just huffed out a startled laugh. “Well, I’d like to think we’re a little more than a dive bar, but thanks for the review all the same.”
“Clint…” Tony almost choked on his own spit. So that dastardly butler had sent him on a wild goose chase around a creepy mansion when he had known all along where Rogers had been? “You need some new staff.”
“You… know my name,” he managed to get out, watching as the guy laid a glass of beer down on a coaster for him. “How do you know my name?”
He never risked human life, for one thing; it was actually amazing how people seemed to forget that when they were sullying the very name of Iron Man on the news. There was no denying that he caused a lot of property damage, but it was only ever sketchy and or/morally ambiguous companies and individuals who came under fire.
“Tony, don’t tell me you’re getting self conscious in your old age,” Steve hummed, and laughed aloud when Tony rolled his eyes and took the guitar from him.
, of all people. He was still dressed in the uniform, though his helmet had come off, and a light spattering of pink coloured his cheeks as he very firmly didn’t look anywhere lower than the arc reactor.
“It’s not as simple as -” Bruce stuttered when he saw the expression on Wanda’s face. “Are you even the same blood type?”
,” Tony replied indignantly, setting himself down on his butt in front of the coffee table. Once Peter was close enough, he unceremoniously tugged him down onto his lap, and grinned when the kid squeaked in surprise. “You, my son, are getting more and more highly strung as you get older. Give it a few years and you’re gonna be picking fights with kids twice your size just like Pops used to, huh?”
dropping this,” Bucky called from his other side, rolling his eyes as Pietro sped past them dangerously quickly, whooping happily. That kid was a speed freak. “Why didn’t you tell us?”
He had just gotten back from destroying one of the last remaining warehouses storing his discontinued weapons. The Avengers had showed up before he’d managed to blow it all to hell, so it had turned into a bit of a to-do. Tony assumed they had thought the explosions would cause some damage to the populated buildings surrounding the warehouse, as though Tony hadn’t calculated the amount of fire power needed to just take out his weapons.
“Yes, please,” the seven year old replied, fiddling with a Black Widow action figure on Tony’s other side.
Rhodey seemed to understand everything that Tony had managed to stop himself from saying, and sighed. “Look –“
“Hey, Parker, I was talking to you,” came Flash’s voice, closer this time, and Peter braced himself even before he turned to face him.
“I want this for the rest of my life,” Tony hummed, nodding his head a little. “So sure, I’ll marry you.”
They were almost at the end of the dance break, and Steve found himself not quite ready to let go just yet. Tony’s expression, when he looked up, seemed to portray something similar, and he was just opening his mouth to say something –
had been deployed to try and take him out on more than one occasion. He always got himself straight out of dodge whenever he spotted them, because he was cool, sure, but he didn’t fancy himself in a fight against all five of them.
“- gonna go and buy a whole box of doughnuts and eat every single one in front of them,” Tony was still grumbling under his breath as he loaded his plate into the dishwasher. “Gonna put Star Trek on and eat five pints of ice cream all to myself; everyone can suck a
had finally come to an explosive end, Tony got another text from Natasha. Groaning, he reached for the bedside table and snatched his phone up.
“You never actually answered my question,” he hummed, reaching up with a grimace to pull the first aid kit down. He carried it over to the island and Pepper dutifully opened it while he sat next to her. “I have friends, right?”
The lion roared, and it was a very close call that Tony didn’t actually shit his pants. Throwing caution to the wind, he turned tail and started to run, planning to not stop until his legs physically buckled.
“The wizard,” Tony explained, as though none of them had seen the footage of him flying around New York with glowing green hands.
“Then expect a flaming bag of dog shit on your doorstep tomorrow,” Steve replied with a grin of his own, gesturing for Sam to bring Tony’s food over. It was a burger. “I’m throwing the gauntlet down.”
“Please, please, never talk to me about your sex life ever again,” Peter grimaced. “And you… you might wanna not mention Pops. Or the fact you like guys at all –“
“Sorry, I – I should have knocked,” he started, before immediately continuing. “I was just down in the lab, and – and there’s a message from Tony.”
“If we can harness it’s power, point us in an agreed trajectory,” Bruce began, already nodding his head, “we can go back and warn ourselves, or stop this from happening, or –“
Tony Stark, who was only doing the damn musical because theatre girls were the only remaining clique he hadn’t screwed his way through yet; Tony Stark, who was unfairly talented for someone who was also so smart and popular; Tony Stark, who
“Yep, I can do it!” Peter replied happily enough, and they soon lapsed into a companionable silence while they worked.
Without further ado, Steve revved his engine loudly, the others doing the same, and let out an inhuman scream as he burst forwards into the street, drawing his gun as he did so. He fired a few shots into the air and heard them echo along the street, the others’ echoing gunshots rattling back at him. Someone had picked up some rocks – Wanda, he realised – and was throwing them at the door of the clubhouse. Sam had a baseball bat, and was tapping it repeatedly against the side of his bike as he rode one handed to make some noise.
They landed back in the Facility. It looked the same, and for a moment Steve was struck dumb by how normal everything was.
Huffing a little as his body ached in protest, Tony sat up properly, pulled all the needles and pads away from his arms, and then threw the linen sheet covering him back, swinging his legs over the side of the bed before pushing up to stand. It was the strangest thing – his body didn’t hurt, not really, but it felt like it
