“Oh, Scotty boy is sparks on this? I didn’t get that memo.” Dugan sounds pleasantly surprised; Scott Lang had been the best gaffer in the business until he got sent up the river a few years back. His crime had been a noble one, exposing some union leaders for ripping off thousands of dollars from below-the-line workers through pumped up fees and dues, but the way he’d achieved his goals had involved some less-than-legal breaking & entering followed by some light thieving.
“Clint.”
right,” Maria surprisingly chimes in, tapping the end of her pen against the spiral binding of her notebook. “Steve Rogers does have charisma.”
Yes, Steve has alerts established, pieces in place. He ostensibly looks into leads. He no longer hops onto a plane the second he hears rumors of the Winter Soldier. He sends Sam, or sends another operative, or sends no one at all.
of charging such a dear friend. It's a favor.”
“I do, I hate magic.  His tricks are transparent, his illusions a joke, and forgetting L entirely, we all know that ‘magic’ is just a lame way of talking about stuff that science hasn’t explained yet.”
“Dunno, I kinda like it,” Steve replies, moving toward the house as Pepper reappears in the doorway, holding up two oversized towels.  Tony falls in step beside him.
be staying here, right?”  She’s not really asking.  Tony arches an eyebrow at her.  Surprisingly, she has the decency to look the smallest bit apologetic.  “Things are…things are a bit…” He doesn’t miss the way her gaze flicks guiltily toward Cap.  “
“That’s my name, don’t wear it out.  Pee-Wee Herman.  Look it up.  No –” He shakes his head.  “– On second thought, don’t.  That’s a bad idea.  I’m sure you’ve seen enough weird stuff as it is.”  Steve exhales with a hint of desperation.  He takes the glass from Tony’s loose grip and bends down in front of him.
business card haphazardly crushed in your pocket?”
, but it makes no difference.  The panic fades because he’s hopeless to stop it and then comes darkness.
“Tony,
“Enjoy yourselves!” Thor offers them each a fist bump as they shuffle down between the crowded tables to get to the exit.
“Yeah, anyway.”  Steve sighs, pulling back and sitting on the edge of the curb.  He runs a hand over the scruff on his neck, the gesture of a man clearly not used to going unshaven.
Steve turns and goes to the kitchen, apparently deciding that whatever Tony’s business might be at this hour, it is clearly not Avengers-related and therefore he can, at the very least, stand down.  Tony follows him slowly, stopping to lean against the open doorway between the living room and kitchen.
“Stark’s trying to figure out a way to fix me.  If there even is a way.  Fury’s been letting me come here nearly every day though; seems like I’m hardly twitchy at all ‘round you.  I remember things better.  Course I get lovely escorts to keep me in line.”  Bucky runs a finger along the catch of the handcuffs.  Steve can see where his wrist is red and irritated.  He’s not wearing prisoner’s garb though – just the SSR t-shirt and beige trousers that Fury seems to think is standard issue for anyone who has been displaced in time.  “He asked about you, you know.  Stark.  Didn’t really seem much like he wanted to, but he did anyway.  Asked what you were like, back then.”
, but he can’t.
“I’d like you to star in my picture. That’s what this is about.”
, Tony thinks, and pushes the chair aside, closing the gap between them.  He takes hold of Steve’s arms.  He’s so warm to the touch, solid and sturdy – here, not dead, not asleep, but here, and
Tony is piling on the pressure because Tony wants him to explode, to send pieces of himself viciously flying out in every direction like jagged shrapnel.  Instead Steve dissolves, every part of him grinding thinner and thinner as Tony presses, until there’s nothing left but dust.
“Not a musical.”
“Um, hi.  Hello.  How are you both?”  Steve asks pointedly.  “Good to see you.  What is going on?”
“Huh?”
“But there was something else I should have asked you then, and I didn’t. Because I was afraid of the answer and I didn’t want to hear it. The fact that you and Bucky had never actually been together, physically…the rest I could rationalize away. The fact that he never took you to bed and I did, that I had that and he didn’t…well, that was enough. Then.”
” Tony corrects stubbornly.
“You’re asking me a favor, it’d go a long way if you would at least tell me why.”
“I do. That’s why the Cap stuff stays safe.”
“I thought that you weren’t interested in my suggestions or my advice.”
Steve keeps his gaze locked on the task at hand, not wanting to think about Tony getting lost at the bottom of a bottle.  It’s not a thought he enjoys.
; he thought they were being discreet.
While Steve’s had to handle more than his fair share of publicity, his tour as Captain America didn’t prepare him for this kind of event.  Kissing babies and snapping photos isn’t the same as endless small talk with folks angling for things from him he never fully comprehends.  People may consider him a popular figure now, but that doesn’t undo a lifetime of being little more than wallpaper, ignored save when he was made fun of, brutalized, bullied.
“What’s wrong?  You can tell me, Bucky, I’d rather hear it from you.”
anyway, and in his mind he’s already halfway through peeling those trunks down and wrapping his mouth around Steve’s cock before he catches himself fantasizing.
at it.
But he’s never seen Steve in a completely unguarded moment, with the mask of Captain America figuratively cast aside, and it catches him entirely off guard.  He leans against the wall and allows himself to scrutinize.  His mind instantly rattles off a list of descriptives – intense, wired, focused, tightly-wound, determined – and they’re all pretty much synonyms for that dark look on Steve’s admittedly handsome face as he beats the ever-living crap out of the punching bag.
“Bucky…you idiot, I still love you
“Have to work, yeah, yeah…” Bucky speaks over him, sounding tired and bored. He grabs his coat from where he’d carelessly tossed it over the piano bench and throws it over his shoulder. “One of these days, Steve, I’m gonna catch you having fun.”
Steve hesitates for a moment, wondering if he should inquire more about that whole
Mr. Lowell is shortly behind her, looking hugely relieved at seeing him.
But he knows if he looks into Steve’s beautiful blue eyes, he’ll lose his courage and he won’t be able to do this.
“I can send someone out for the ingredients—”
think moonlight has a scent, right?”
Steve works him through the aftershocks, going until Tony’s entire body is trembling and every thrust makes him gasp.  Steve starts to pull out, still hard, but Tony reaches back and grabs his ass, shoves him back in.
“This isn’t a good idea.”  Tony won’t look at him and Steve sags back against the wall, drawing in a deep breath and trying to get his thoughts in some kind of order.  He can’t
“Watch
He nudges Steve with an elbow and prompts him on with an easy grin.  Out of all the Avengers, he’s known Clint the least amount of time but in his company, Steve feels more at ease than with anyone else.  He hasn’t quite put a finger on it yet, but there’s something about him that brings Bucky to mind.
Steve wraps a hand around the base of his cock and presses himself to Tony’s entrance. He stops there, with just the head inside.
He follows Tony to The Players Club, a long, three-level white building with terra cotta shingles and burnt orange awnings that sits in the shadow of the Chateau. Cars are lined up near door-to-door along the building’s front, lights from inside the three different restaurants and the dance hall making all that chrome and polished glass twinkle and shine against the darkness.
He stands there quietly until Steve finishes shaving, splashes water over his face.  Tony offers him a hand towel to pat dry.  When he’s done and casts the towel aside, he smiles at Tony and picks up the razor.
Bucky answers.  He’s shirtless, his hair wet, a toothbrush hanging out of the corner of his mouth.  He simply looks at Tony for a beat before opening the door all the way and motioning for him to come in.
“You sure you don’t want to hold out for a better proposal?” Tony replies. “The down low isn’t exactly something you can negotiate. Nowhere to go from here.”
“Come on up here and see for yourselves, cause you ain’t gonna believe it otherwise.”
It’s like Steve forgets to breathe, the rise of his chest simply stopping mid-inhale. By the time he finally exhales, Tony has his answer.
“For the record, falling asleep while I’m revealing my inner most thoughts and deepest secrets earns you nothing but demerits, demerits, demerits.”  Tony points an accusatory finger.  “I have it on good authority – Pepper’s authority – that sleeping with your eyes open does not equal listening, even if it gives the
“Really.”
*******
“All right, all right, I’m going.” He gathers his coat and his fedora, dropping the light jacket over his forearm and donning the hat, tipping it up casually to sit high and loose on his forehead.
at compliments.  Both giving and receiving.  Oo, that ended up a little dirty."  Tony looks pleased with himself, his eyes dark, pupils dilated in the dim light of the park.  His hair is in disarray and has been ever since he took his baseball cap off during the sixth inning, and coupled with his blown gaze, he also looks wild and…aroused.
“Steve,” Tony starts plaintively.  Steve ignores him.  He has his hand on the window frame, bending to go inside, when Tony’s fingers wrap around his wrist.  He turns to face Tony and as he stands upright, Tony’s suddenly pushing him back.  He collides with the wall but his grunt is stifled by Tony’s mouth covering his.
He’d known Tony had been excited before by the thought of Bucky and him in the abstract, but that had been talking. What ifs. Now, Tony’s kissing and licking over the finger-shaped bruises that Bucky had accidentally left on his right hip.
Tony pulls off gently, lips wrapped around the sensitive tip of Steve’s leaking cock, the taste of him gathering on the flat of his tongue.  Steve’s eyes flutter open and Tony stares up at him as he wraps his fingers around the impressive girth and pumps slowly, finally looking at the full length of him and letting the visual sink in.  He memorizes it, the weight and heat in his hand, tracing the thick vein as blood surges downward to swell Steve’s dick impossibly larger in his grasp.
“You’ve been worrying something in your hand all night long, you keep taking it in and out of your pocket. It's clearly not a lighter," she jokes lightly. "So, what is it, a good luck charm?” She’s dialed back the flirtation a bit, but not by much. At least this seems more of a question borne of actual curiosity than the set up for another coy tease. A question about his hand in his pocket could easily have gone somewhere a lot less innocent.
But he can’t.
“I was, but…rather hear your version of things.”
“Stark, hey.”  Bucky’s angled away from him, but he can see Bucky flash Tony a smile.  His hand gets squeezed again as Bucky gestures back to him as if to say,
“One thing’s funny – I don’t know if you’ve looked in the mirror lately, but you aren’t that man.  In fact, you could walk up a random woman on the street in the middle of the day, ask her to dance with you, and she’d be more than happy to.”
“And we figured since you’re the only one puttering around this whole mansion, we’d be okay in here.” Rhodey looks down at their entwined hands, then gestures around the spacious room. The house is crowded with furniture and expensive décor, but his whole life, Tony's felt the place to be empty.
looking for help.
“Don’t apologize.  Didn’t say anything that wasn’t true.”  Steve brushes Tony off with a shrug.  “I certainly can’t pretend to know why you’re here, Tony, but I can imagine there are a million other places you’d rather be than babysitting me while I run away from this thing like…well, like a big baby. I'm sure it's frustrating to have to deal with this."
“A rousing success then.”  Pepper rests her head on his shoulder, runs her hand down his arm until she twines her fingers with his.  “Don’t worry.  You figure out a solution to every problem eventually; you’ll find a solution to this.  You’ll make it work.”
Instead they wound up rescuing civilians from the bay after a cargo ship exploded.
“Hmm.” Tony nods once and Steve just sort of shrugs again, not sure what else to say now that the vehicular inquisition has ended.
“He gets ahead of himself. Ahead of us, really.” Steve says, hearing the fondness creeping into his voice. He doesn’t actually like that Tony dropped Bucky this casual, less-than-informative letter, but he knows exactly why Tony did it. He knows Tony’s intentions were good, if his execution poor, because he knows Tony sometimes better than he knows himself.
believe it, even as his eyes trace the sharp planes of Bucky’s cheekbones, the lush pout of his lips, that beautiful icy blue of his irises that always reminded him of the fall sky over New York Harbor on a rainy day.
Steve sinks his hands into his hair, grip just this side of painful, but Tony loves it.  He loves the way Steve tastes, the way Steve feels, the way he sounds.
“Maybe I can talk to her, Tony.  I know this is a dangerous line of work we’re in, but Lukin, the Red Room…they’re after me.  They’re not after you, this doesn’t have to involve Iron Man-“
“Hey, you took that one dirty, not me.  Get your filthy mind out of the gutter.”
He and Tony don’t speak as they follow their waiter toward the double set of swinging doors at the back of the restaurant that lead to the bustling kitchen. The front of house manager meets them there, appearing as if from out of nowhere. He must have been on the other end of the waiter’s nod.
“And it really wasn’t all that clever.” Clint adds.  Tony pauses in rinsing and flicks water at the back of Clint’s head.
“That I like men as well as women? I’ve sure as hell never told him.”
.” She reaches up and pats him on the cheek. “You're so hopeless at flirting, Stevie, it's really quite something. If it weren't so adorable, I'd scream.”
“She won’t,” Tony tosses off.  “Wake up, or worry.  She sleeps like the dead and she knows I don’t.”
“Wait…what are you talking about?” Tony doesn’t even remember what Bruce had been saying.  Something about some girl, and he knows he should care, but he can’t focus.  He can’t
Steve’s been denying this love of theirs since he was fourteen years old and he’d gotten so damn good at it. He’s awed at the wondrous feeling of simply…letting it all go.
“Yeah, I know, that was stretching it, even for me.”  He picks up his mug of coffee and offers her a bitter toast.  “Dance it is.”
“I have an odd way of doing everything. I’m an odd person.”
*******
Tony lets Steve’s harsh words linger in the air between them for a moment before quietly leading Steve back outdoors. The moon is out but it’s just a sliver of light, barely reflecting on the night waves of the Pacific.
He’s cold again; when he breathes it smells of ice.  Crisp and harsh.  It makes his lungs hurt.  Eventually he hears something over the beating of his own heart.
*******
moment when two dirty looking guys in beaten clothes walk into a high end clothier and nearly get asked to leave.   It’s resolved the second Tony whips out his credit card and his thousand-watt don’t-fuck-with-me smile, charming and threatening at once.  Lo and behold, miracle of miracles, they recognize him then.
Dugan and Morita have houses like this now too, ranch-style homes with full yards and attached garages, situated on quiet cul-de-sacs twenty minutes outside downtown. Thor and Jane’s home is only one year old, just like their marriage, and their backyard is still sparse. Flat green grass and growing saplings where once a dense forest stood.
He drops the boxes to the counter and then presses a kiss to his fingers, presses his fingers to the face of Steve’s jack o’ lantern.
“Please don’t take offense. Sometimes I think uncomfortable is my natural state.” Steve feels his face heat, only proving his point. “I’ve never been all that great with people.”
The clerk, looking both bored and annoyed, rings up his items slowly and shoves them into a plastic bag.  If Steve were here, he’d be telling Tony to hang up the phone and be polite.  Tony manages an apologetic smile and a mouthed “I’m sorry,” that he really doesn’t mean.  The clerk levels him with a blank stare and waits for him to slide his card.
“Are you with that boring Henry James flick down there?” Tony points from whence he came. “Then I don’t blame you in the slightest for wandering. That’s precisely what drove me to Brooklyn. And I tell you, I usually avoid Brooklyn when at all possible.”
The elevator doors open on his private quarters, the top story of the Avengers Tower penthouse.  He’s already picturing what Steve would look like, stripped naked and waiting for him on his bed.
“No, you’re an idiot.  He wasn’t in your workshop everyday because he needed a place to draw, for chrissakes.  He wanted to be with
Tony automatically turns his whole body toward the open warehouse door, his responsibility to the guided tour utterly forgotten as he watches the man’s muscular frame shift and stretch underneath his sinfully tight white undershirt. He turns and bends to lift up a long, heavy backdrop roll – singlehandedly – and the curve of his ass beneath his dark denims is spectacular. A tool belt is slung loosely around his slim waist, and doesn’t that do something to Tony, he doesn’t even know what.
“Yeah…well.  Rhodey has government entanglements and if I can’t be up there with you guys, you need
“Think she was looking at you, bro,” Clint replies, a mischievous glint in his eyes.
. He’s not the type of person I can see myself spending time with, is all.”
“We weren’t exactly kicking off 2013 with the smartest choices, were we?”  Steve leans on the railing, glances toward Tony as he comes to a stop beside him.
Before Steve has time to second-guess himself, he leans over and covers Tony’s mouth with his.  His move is quite sudden, a bit graceless, and he immediately worries he’s moved too fast or too hard, but Tony’s body seems to give in this perfect way that says at least one of them was expecting this.
“Course I do.  We all had to sleep two or three to a bed in the other dormitory until it was fixed.”
“Public.” Steve corrects, fixing his underwear to cover his erection.  “Rather not have someone walk in on us.”
”   Natasha recites this with such lack of emotion that it takes Tony a moment to fully process its importance.
“Behind you.” Clint gestures and Tony turns, finds Natasha standing there as if she’d been there all along.  Her red hair is wet, matted down, and there’s a gash in her leather suit, deep across her thigh.  If she’s in pain she doesn’t show it.
“Sure. Fine. He’s a damn god. Apart from the obvious reason that he’s a
, I mean it can’t possibly look any worse than Clint’s.”
be worried.”
A committee is commissioned to investigate the Winter Soldier for crimes against the United States. The Hague wants him called up on war crimes. Steve fights for his friend, and Tony cannot.
beautiful. Tony makes him feel
.” Natasha interjects, throwing a sugar packet across the table and hitting Tony in the face.  They both snap away from each other and look around.
Pepper hadn’t been too thrilled that Tony insisted on Vegas, and she had gone on to Malibu without them, so Steve figures Tony must be doing his work in an attempt to smooth things over.
“Tony…” She starts, stopping as she flips through the short stack of prints. “Tony, what is this?”
They settle for kissing, letting their bodies relax against one another’s until Steve can feel the telltale signs of Bucky’s increased libido pressing against his thigh. He arches against Bucky’s body and whispers for Bucky to take what he wants.
Another song has started on Tony’s phone, so Steve quietly crosses the room and turns it off.   It’s not his unfulfilled promise to Peggy that haunts him as he waits in silence for Tony to come back, and he can still feel the ghost of Tony’s hand in his.
“You’re welcome. Now can you get back to fixing my girl without acting like a sullen child?”
“Maybe I made a mistake in bringing you up to speed on this, Stark-”
“Leave me alone, you evil…evil something or other.” He drops his aching head back to the mattress with another groan. “You’re my secretary, not my maid – it’s not your job to wake me up. Why are you even here.”
All four guys sneak glances at one another, unsure which one of them will be willing to go along with Nat this time.  Tony figures it will be Steve, as it’s almost always Steve.  He’s the only one who finds dance performance moderately interesting, even going so far as to take one of Natasha’s classes once.  Dance may be Nat’s profession, but Tony came to the conclusion early on that being her friend only required attending anything she was actually
“She likes you,” Tony says after a long pause.  He walks slowly across the wide room, keeping a few feet of space between them as he passes by.  “Some folks consider her a good judge of character, so you should take that as a compliment.”
“I always thought you were too god damned stubborn to
“What about me?”
Darcy Lewis stubbornly holds his gaze, cool blue eyes daring Steve to doubt her. He gets the sense that she’ll judge him harshly if his stare wavers in return, so he resists the urge to glance away and relieve the tension.
Fourth of July at Coney Island.
Tony takes a quick step back, mustering up a look of contrition as best he can. He casts his gaze about Bruce’s small workshop. There are three workbenches arranged in a U in the center of the space. Bruce sits in the center on a wheeled chair, bent over the table to the right. On top of the left table is an old Bolex, deconstructed to all its component parts and pieces, surrounded by cannibalized parts of another camera that Tony can’t hope to identify from its scattered remains. The table at the bottom of the U is covered in battered light fixtures, Fresnel lenses, power cords, and empty bulb boxes. All this assorted detritus weighs down a stack of curling and wrinkled blue prints, drawings, and schematics.
“Or maybe it’s Natasha.  I’ve seen the way you look at her, the way she looks at you – are you going to be the man who’s man enough for her?  Or maybe you’re beholden to a bunch of stupid memories.  Being strong for good old Peggy, still trying to impress
“Take fifteen!” Victor adjusts the timeline, his broad shoulders hunched in frustration as he lowers his megaphone.
“Steve, wait—” Tony grabs for Steve’s hand and instead catches his wrist.
“Betty Ross, Tony,” Pepper drops the formal tone quickly, exasperated by his forgetfulness. He
“I’m sorry.”  He doesn’t understand why Steve’s apologizing, but the pain loaded into those two words breaks his heart anyway.  He feels it shatter, all those cracks and fissures giving way.  His hand tightens in Steve’s hair and Steve sucks in a ragged breath.  “Tony, I…”
“You’ve never been weak.”  Tony snaps his gaze up to Steve’s face.  Steve’s staring back at him, and Tony doesn’t find sadness or regret there.  Just acceptance.  “And he’s a fool.”
“What’d I do?” Clint squawks, changing his position on his perch to get eyes on Nat.  Tony doesn’t blame him.
Tony lifts his head to press a kiss to Steve’s temple, soft and sweet, and then settles back down to the pillows.
Starks have a natural gift for denial, too.
“I don’t understand.  How is he still alive?  That’s impossible.”
“Stark.  Come on.”  Steve twists in his seat to face Tony and Tony waves a finger in a diagonal motion across Steve’s body.
He repeats Bucky’s words to himself, almost like the feeling of it all isn’t enough to convince himself it’s all real, either. His best friend is inside him.
“She knows me too well.”  Tony murmurs, slapping a hand over Steve’s thigh good-naturedly.  Steve tries not to tense when Tony leaves it there a few moments too long.
“Not so wonderful.” Steve doesn’t bother lying.  Natasha nods a little, her full lips tightening into a stern frown.  Her hair’s a little longer, and there’s a new scar fading on her forehead.  There’s a bandage wrapped around her wrist, partially obscured by the long sleeves of her black shirt.  Time once again marched on without him.
“Happy, we can go.” Pepper tilts her head to speak to the man up front, his long-time driver and bodyguard and Pepper’s newly minted fiancé. The diamond ring sparkles on her finger as she tucks a wayward wisp of her long strawberry blond hair back behind her ear.
Instead, he feels panicked as Darcy opens her purse and slides the card carefully into her pocketbook. It feels like he’s losing something.
Content warning: This chapter contains scene of attempted blackmail for sexual favors. In the end notes, I have provided a bare bones summary of the scene and information as to where to skip in the story if you'd rather avoid that content.
He doesn’t sound all that sorry, but seeing as how he and Steve making out like teenagers is a recent development, he supposes he can’t rationally blame Barnes for awaiting Steve’s return.
“Guess I should be grateful I won’t be smelling like a ‘moonlight breeze.’ I mean…folks these days don’t
“I’ll be at the res and then back to Brooklyn if you need me.”  Steve states.  He waits a moment to see if Tony will reply but Tony’s already plugging the treadmill back into the wall.
losing you again.”
“I’m not kidding.”
“Heeeeyy, Brucie…” Tony waves a hand in front of Bruce’s face but nothing disturbs his vacant gaze.  He can’t manage to hold Bruce’s attention, the other man seemingly willing to drift off into his own thoughts or a brief nap at a moment’s notice.  Tony snaps his fingers a few times, as noisily as he can.  “Hello, anyone home in there?”
He hitches for a second on that one and Tony follows the direction of his gaze.
“So what you’re saying is, I shouldn’t trust Nat’s estimation of you and that beneath the goody-two-shoes Boy Scouts of America exterior, you’re actually a dirty rotten scoundrel?”  Tony defaults to sarcasm as always.  “’Cause I’m the resident cad on this team, I don’t know if we have room for two rakish bachelors.”
Bucky is leaning forward, hands pressed flat against the headboard on either side of Steve’s head. His rocking movements cause the sturdy wood to rattle against the wall. He rides Steve hard, but at a slow, deliberate pace that ensures Steve feels every minute movement he makes.
by the thought of sharing Steve with someone else, much less Bucky of all people.
The first photograph is him and Tony on Tony’s balcony, standing a little too close but seemingly engaged in innocent conversation.
“What about that other one, that Luke, or Lucky, or…” Tony snaps his fingers repeatedly as he takes another long drink of his coffee, urging Pepper to fill in the right name he’s looking for.
Tony doesn’t oblige.  He stands there quietly, his mind clearly working a mile a minute behind his dark eyes.
"She's Peggy's grand-niece.  It's too strange."
“Anyway.  Banner’s floor is the one below yours.  Stark’s got the top floors of the tower to himself.    You know the main floor’s on fifty-three, gym’s on fifty-two, but there’s a chart in your kitchen as to what’s where if you need it.  Also Pepper’s doing.  Labs are forty-eight through fifty, his workshop’s fifty-one, but Stark’s got ‘em all on lockdown.  No visitors.”
“Steve.”  Pepper says sharply, like she’s about to reprimand him for something.  She pauses, looking back at Natasha and then at him, now at a loss for words.  “I…Well, I came here because…okay, I wanted to talk to you about Tony.  But maybe that wasn’t a good idea.”
bull shit when I first got here.”
“I never doubted that, Stark.” It’s the truth. Whatever he may think about Tony Stark, he really hasn't doubted the man’s feelings for Steve, not for a second. Even though it would have been so much easier, so much
Tony grabs the opportunity to change the subject.
These are the people that Bucky has killed.
Steve frowns at him, but Tony doesn’t regret it. Better to be blunt, or they’ll end up miscommunicating and misunderstanding. They’d learned that early on in their relationship.
“Tony, have you seen that blue button-down I was wearing last week? Ross wants me to do another talk show circuit, starting tomorrow—”
“I say if you’ve got it, flaunt it,” Darcy announces, carrying in two pans from the kitchen, steam rising from them in waves.  The smell is amazing; his stomach rumbles.  She places the food on the table and then puts her potholder-clad hands on her hips, pushing her ample bosom forward with a knowing smile.  Her bright red brassiere is pretty plain to see through the thin fabric of her purple v-neck tee.  Steve respectfully looks elsewhere but Clint lets out a hoot of approval.
“Candles!”  Tony tromps back into the kitchen loudly shaking a box of tea lights in each hand.  He’s beaming, inordinately pleased over procuring something he hadn’t wanted to go and get in the first place.  “Let’s go light up that beautiful carving of yours, share that handsome mug with the rest of the world.”
“He’s mine,” Bucky whispers against Tony’s neck. He moves his mouth to Tony’s ear, teeth tugging on the lobe as he says it again. “He’s mine.” Tony is still thrusting inside Steve even as Bucky says it, Steve gasping in pleasure.
“He always says he hates these things but I think he secretly loves them.”
He ignores Pepper and storms into the bathroom, slamming the door behind him so hard that it knocks one of the framed artworks off the wall. It hits the floor with a satisfying crash of glass.
Steve tucks his sketchbook under his arm and quickly catches up, passing Han Christian Andersen and his ugly duckling.  The bronze statue is another new thing he has yet to add to his sketchbook, so he mentally takes note.
“I know.  If there was a way to get him contained, maybe we could use gas, but I don’t see how we can make that happen.  In the open like this, it would take-”
“Both. Either.”
“You didn’t do anything. It wasn’t…”
“I’m sure you’re going to be appalled at a great many buildings besides my tower, Cap, give it time.  Mine will look positively restrained by comparison.”  Tony winks.  With most of Park Avenue and parts of Midtown destroyed in the Chitauri’s attack and the Lower East and West Side being gentrified like mad, there’ll be less of old New York around than ever.
The cloakroom does have a jacket in his size, it seems, so after Steve is made appropriately presentable they’re lead through the lounge, past the cozy brown leather banquettes and red leather armchairs and into a dining room that looks nothing like Steve expected.  Vintage toys and signed memorabilia hang from the low ceiling and despite many lamps and candles, the place is dark and slightly cramped.
“So, why are you being a dick?”
Steve starts shooting down Tony’s throat, the feel of it so tight and hot as Tony swallows around him, but then Tony pulls back. He floods Tony’s mouth, Tony groaning wantonly as he tastes it. Steve’s orgasm is long and drawn out. He’s lightheaded, dizzy with it, but he still feels the shock of cold air on his length as Tony abruptly pulls off, and the wet, hot streaks of come hitting his skin as Tony finally takes out his own cock and jacks himself between Steve’s legs. Steve’s sight is blurry, but he can hear Tony groan and gasp his name as he finishes.
Steve is ignored by nearly everyone who looks Tony’s way, and he would feel out of place if not for the way in which Tony seems to subtly touch him at all times, checking in and making eye contact even when ostensibly conversing with someone else.
” Rhodey groans, turning and resting his forehead against the plane.
“I appreciate your position.”   He does.  In all honesty, if he were faced with a similar situation, he probably would’ve dealt with it in the same way.  It doesn’t change the fact that Natasha knew all along that Bucky might be alive and who he had become, and she’d kept it to herself.  “I’m not…”
of listening.  You’re not holding up your end of the bargain, buddy.”
“Here.”  Bruce pulls a small Swiss Army knife from his pocket, coming to Steve’s rescue.  He could’ve tossed it to Tony but instead hands his plate of lasagna to Betty and gets up, walking to Tony’s side.  He places the tool set against Tony’s palm, holding Tony’s grasp for too long a moment.  “I hope you know what you’re doing, Tony.”
Steve blinks at him, sleep clearing from his blue eyes with enviable speed.
“I’m so sorry, Phil, Mr. Stark has just stepped out to lunch. May I have him ring you when he returns?” She jots down another note on the pink pad and then says her good-byes.
“Hey, what –” Darcy’s protest is moot.
“Live the lie ‘til it’s the truth, Rogers,” Tony cracks a sardonic grin.
“Then what’s the problem, here?” Tony gestures between them.
“You’re a bossy know-it-all and I don’t think I like it.”
“Sure, she only steals his cash, betrays his trust, and crushes his heart—a gut full of lead would really have been overkill.” Steve shakes his head.
?” Tony asks, though he knows full well what.  “We’ll hang them in your room after they’re out of storage, all right?”
“Oh, Pep would never let you go down for that.”
Pepper’s phone rings, then, the factory-default tone of an unknown number, and Tony immediately gets a sinking feeling in his stomach. Pepper taps accept and tosses her long hair over her shoulder as she brings the phone up to her ear.
He quickly looks out the window, watching the dark tunnel pass by in a blur.
Tony looks at him, and for a moment Steve swears those eyes flash with something more recognizable and
“Director Fury!” She snaps and he stirs slightly, his good eye blinking open.
There are little, incomplete pieces with barely any context to help sort them out. Flashes of Steve’s shy, crooked smile; a gash above his eyebrow; a tear rolling down his pale cheek; the feel of newly strong arms around Bucky’s waist, holding him up.
This earns him yet another frown. He’s doing very well here.
“It was temporary!”
Tony doesn’t pry further, and he doesn’t offer any empty assurances or advice. Anyone who’d been in it over there knows better than that.
time, in
Steve reaches back and gingerly touches himself there; he’s feeling a little tender, but it’s not unpleasant.
“JARVIS can take care of the fiery inferno part, I just came down here to survey the damage.”  Tony looks around the perfectly pristine and not-at-all singed room and sighs.  “We’ve been Parent Trapped.”
“You know Betty?”
“Yes, dear, be desperately jealous.” Jane deadpans back, and opens the double French doors leading to the patio and the backyard.
“Didn’t want to touch anything, honestly, was afraid I might break something important.  Punching bag seemed the safest bet.”
He still has Steve.
“Okay, I’ll order something in.”
…” Tony sighs melodramatically.  He sits back on his heels, letting his hands linger as long as possible before reluctantly climbing off the couch.  His knees feel tight and achy when he stands.  He stretches a little, rolling his shoulders.  “I mean, we
He’s been awake and in the world for enough hours now to read the image as old. The man in the picture is young.
“I won’t leave you like this, Tony.  Not now.  I’m here until we bring Steve home, safe and sound.”  Pepper rubs the side of his arm gently.  A single tear slips down her cheek, a mere prelude to more.  “But when he’s back…I’m going to need some time away.”
“Oh hello, Mr. Barnes,” Pepper says loudly, giving Tony a hard look. She puts on her most professional voice, even though she knows Bucky too well for such a business-like tone. “What may I do for you?”
He does that now, kissing and licking his way from behind Bucky’s ear down the curve of his throat to the sharp line of his collarbone, his eager hands tugging and stretching the collar of Bucky’s cotton tee. Bucky’s plaid shirt is already hanging off his shoulders, half-down to his elbows. Steve considers tugging it all the way off, but he doesn’t want to rush things, doesn’t want to push too far, too fast.
a son.  Did you?” Bucky asks, digging into his front shirt pocket with his good hand and pulling out his package of cigarettes.  He taps them on the back of the couch before flipping the lid with his thumb and pulling a cig out using his teeth.
He can see Clint and Natasha casing the place as they move through the hallway – he’d expect nothing less, really – but it surprises him to see Cap moving so warily.
“Everyone does gravitate toward him.” Steve curses himself inwardly for not thinking of something smarter to say.  His nerves fail him around Pepper, bringing back that old inexorable blush and stammer.  She stands there, in her gorgeous, deep blue silk dress, her jewelry sparkling in the warm glow of the string lights, and she seems like just the right person to be on Tony’s arm, not him.  “Tony draws people in.”
“What?”
“Even still. I don’t know if you thought this would be one last time or what I’m really doing here, Tony, but I can’t do this. I can’t fall into bed with you again and then be nothing again to you tomorrow.”
Steve Rogers now has five other people he answers to before his own desire to find James Barnes, five other people who rate a higher priority than his personal, private mission.
“We will, Miss.” Steve replies, his voice automatically coming out Captain, smooth and commanding and reassuring.  Pepper seems startled by the laugh that escapes her.
He closes his eyes, thinking of his last night in New York, reflections of neon lights streaking and shimmering over wet pavement, wind whipping down the sidewalk and around street corners.
He trudges up the stairs and stops just outside Steve’s bedroom.  He puts his hand on the knob, turning it gently, but then second guesses himself and lets it spring back.  The door stays closed.
“Now I’m interested, what
“You just don’t want to write.”
“At least.” Steve repeats, rising as well but with far more grace.  He bends to pick up their discarded clothes from the floor, broad back and sculpted backside to Tony.  When he straightens back up and offers Tony his shirt, Tony very nearly groans at the picture Steve makes, half naked and hard, open jeans barely clinging to his slim hips, the warm light from the table lamps casting soft shadows along the sharply muscled planes of his body.
Steve backs away from the both of them, and Tony wants to say something, anything, but he doesn’t want to make this worse.  There are so many ways to fuck this up.  If it’s not already ruined.
“I can think of better ways to spend our alone time.”
Though it’s his first time seeing Captain America in action, that Steve Rogers has the makings of a matinee idol is not exactly news to Tony.
“No.  End of discussion.  Please send the clothes to Aspen for Steve, I will call you when we hit Vegas.”
Steve tries as hard as he can to not blush, but his face heats anyway. He ducks his head to hide it. Tony moves away, walking backward toward the side exit door that opens onto the alley where Steve’s trailer is located.
So he fixates on James Buchanan Barnes.
“Fuck you can’t.  You can do whatever you want.”  Tony snaps.  “Put me in a room with him.”
“I’ll smile when there’s something to smile about, Mr. Stark.”
Steve takes one step into his trailer and then stops, turning back. He might regret this tomorrow, but something in him makes him ask the question.
They’re still kissing at the top of the world when the fireworks begin, red white and blue sparks lighting the night sky.  If the timing had happened with anyone else, Steve knows Tony would’ve rolled his eyes and called it a little too on the nose.
It’s not okay, and Bucky knows if Steve had the ability to speak at that moment, he would have sniped that right at him.
He needed to come home to re-charge.  To find his balance.  He’d created Stark Tower as a kind of beacon of hope for the future, but really it was his own North Star.  He needed this place, even if he didn’t want to admit it.
come home once in the two years since you and Peggy split. I thought you were dead in a ditch somewhere, not out
When Bucky looks at him now, Tony feels that gaze critically taking him apart, breaking him into pieces.
Steve stares at Tony in the silence that follows, at a loss.  Tony usually talks incessantly so when he stops, it stalls everything.
Tony gives him an odd look, and then coughs a little.
at the moment and I think it would be best for Steve to have someone around who he considers a friend.”
“That’s what I wanted too.” Steve smiles faintly and Tony squeezes his arm, smiling back. “And I really do think I want to give this movie thing a try.”
“Everything all settled with your burgeoning throuple?” She’s aiming for a light tease but Tony can hear something else in her tone.
With Tony, nothing is impossible. That Tony is not only okay with him trying this but actively wants him to, and that he's actually here with Bucky now talking this through…well, he’s a hell of a long way from those early days when he and Tony first met and Steve had been terrified that he’d be caught out for staring too long at Tony’s wickedly gorgeous smile.
“Well hell’s bells, Cap, no wonder it was so easy for you to go dark on me.”   He eyes Steve up and down.  He really should’ve taken into account that despite the ease with which Steve’s handled the 21st century, Steve’s default factory settings are still analog.  The guy probably hasn’t even got his phone with him and obviously has paid for what very little he’s needed along the way with cold hard cash.
He twitches his face purposefully once to try and get rid of whatever’s happening and then responds.
“Well…a good man once told me not to.” He shrugs.  All their time together during the war, Bucky looked at him with amazement and disbelief, but not awe.  It’s strange to see it on his face now.  “You don’t seem all that different either, Barnes.”
He’s still loose and wet from their last round of it’s-so-late-it’s-morning sex, when Steve had worked him open and slid into him carefully as they spooned.  It had been slow and deep and lazy and perfect.  He wants Steve to take advantage of his body’s willingness.
“What’s going on?” Steve asks.
Tony watches silently from the overlook as his black Borgward Hansa 1500 winds its way up the curving mountain road toward his house. It's polished to a high shine, the sunset glinting off its chrome detailing. Even though he can't see from this distance, he's sure that Steve is sitting in the passenger seat beside Happy, steadfast in his refusal to be chauffeured about town.
movies, so, the space won’t go to waste.” Tony gestures around the room again, then points more directly to the projector that he’d had set up earlier that day, loaded with the rough cut of the film. “As for the getting out or staying in, I’d suppose it will all depend on what audiences think about this.”
“It’s all the information regarding Natasha’s extraction from the Red Room.  I don’t know how much use it will actually be seeing as how the cases are quite different and years apart, but an agent sent it over anyway.”
Steve sighs, dragging his gaze from the sharp lines of Bucky’s face to once again take in the sight of Manhattan.
Knowing and feeling are two entirely different matters and somehow he wakes up with that clear distinction in his head every time.
“Bucky?”  Tony asks, a little reluctantly, and Steve nods, managing a smile to let Tony know it’s all right.  “He teach you anything else?”
“Or all of that. It can be more than one thing. I know you’re capable of stuffing down a veritable hurricane of emotions under that stoicism of yours.” Steve shifts in his seat, the tight line of his mouth setting deeper. “You’re smaller now, though, so there’s less room to hold all this stuff in. Better just let it out before you explode.”
“I’m not the person I was, Steve.  The person I am now…whoever that is…I need to be with her.  I can’t…”
“The word did come back, and they’re still going with that damn bright blue,” Gabe informs him.
“I’m working on a new suit for Sam, using my repulsor tech.  What he does now can only be called ‘flying’ under the most liberal definition of the term.  With those stupid wings, it’s basically like he’s strapping a jet pack to his back.  He’s gonna end up like George Michael terrorizing Sudden Valley.”
“Am I interrupting something?” Tony freezes halfway through stepping out the window.  Steve hears Bucky heave a sigh.
There might be. His childhood hadn’t exactly been idyllic, and Steve’s not sure he wants to share anything so personal with Tony Stark. In spite of – or maybe even
Tony spits in his palm and starts stroking Steve’s cock, which is still long and thick and perfect even if he doesn’t last as long or come four or five times in one night anymore.
“Hey now.”
“You telling me I look less than dashing, Hogan?  That what you’re implying?”  Tony turns to look at his warped reflection on the elevator wall, brushing a hand through his hair, then ducks his head to sniff his shirt.  “Ok, so, you might have a point.”
“You leaving?”  Tony can’t help but ask and Bucky smiles sardonically, like he knows Tony would love that.
“You’re right, I don’t believe you.”  She leaves the door open in a silent instruction for them to come back inside.  “I’ll get some towels.”  She calls back over her shoulder with the practiced air of someone who’s had to do something like this many times before.
And yet, he’s frozen, wondering how far Loki wants to take this in return for his silence. A kiss? An exchange of touches? A night in bed? Steve’s imagination is already racing with unwanted possibilities.
“Need to see you.” Steve begs, attempting to twist in Tony’s embrace to switch their positions. Tony rolls Steve onto his back and haphazardly shoves their underwear down around their thighs, peeling off Steve’s first and then tugging down his own before laying his weight down on top of Steve. It’s not the smoothest they’ve ever been, hurried and uncoordinated, but when his cock lines up next to Steve’s, Steve moans into his mouth like it’s perfect and Tony wouldn’t change a thing.
“It’s forever, Steve.”  He whispers, lips brushing Steve's with every word.  “I don’t say that lightly, ironically, casually…I mean forever as forever. Yours.  I couldn’t be anything else.  Ever.”
“You should get undressed if you’re gonna stay.”  Bucky mumbles almost distractedly, not lifting his own gaze from Steve’s body.  Steve looks downward and Tony follows suit, realizing his unflagging erection is still on open display between the unzipped flaps of his jeans, the rest of his clothes perfectly in order.  He must make a pretty stupid picture.
“It’s not that I don’t like it.  I do.  I just don’t know why I like it or what it’s supposed to be.”
“Can’t be sure.  I think I’ve
“I’m thrilled that you’re thrilled.”
“Thor, what are you carving into your pumpkin?” Steve asks loudly, stamping out Clint and Tony’s friendly argument before it stops being friendly.
“Not romantically.” Bucky states quickly, decisively. He frowns, not exactly with distaste, but with something more akin to resignation. “But…Steve, we all see each other constantly. We live in the same building, we work on the same team…and he and I have basically tolerated each other’s existence. All because of this unspoken
“I thought you were staying with Steve.”
“I did too,” Bucky shoots back.  “I asked for one and Sister Mary Constance told me greedy little orphans go to hell.”
“You want me to do one?”  Bucky’s taken aback as well, but Steve thinks the surprise is pleasant.  Bucky still looks at Tony like he’s waiting for the other shoe to drop.
“Now, whether or not you and Bucky ever had sex seems entirely beside the point.”
Fury takes a deep breath and closes the folder in front of him, his fingers resting tentatively on its cover.
“Natasha.”  Her name is as far as he gets.  He hasn’t had much time to sort through the mix of conflicting emotions that surround her.
She knows that at some point Howard stopped talking about Steve Rogers and grew bitter and sad, snapping whenever the subject was brought up; she doesn’t know that’s when Howard began drinking more heavily, or that’s when his parents’ fighting became an everyday fixture in the Stark household.
“That’s just it, Pep.  I don’t even know that I want to.”
“Sure that’s true, but-“
On his whim they drive up to Mount Rushmore.  Tony quickly discovers that looking at presidential faces carved into the side of a mountain is boring as hell and that there is nothing to do in the entirety of South Dakota.  He ends up sitting too close to Steve on one of their hotel room beds, watching
“Exactly!”
for the past few weeks. This story was front page, with a photo of him and Van Dyne out at dinner. Have you spoken to him lately?”
“And then…?” Tony prompts.
“I thought…” Steve scans the page, surprised.  “I thought you wanted to stay in Williamsburg.”
“So it’s probably going to matter that he doesn’t seem to like me much.” Tony observes, and Steve tilts his head.
But then Tony remembers one simple fact.
Sad. Troubled. Confused.
“I never left.”  Steve corrects, surprised that Tony didn’t know that already.  Tony’s face is carefully blank.  Steve looks away as fast as he can, not wanting anything on his own face to be accidentally read as a challenge. “I crashed on the couch, I hope that’s okay.”
“Women like Pepper use Ms. instead of Miss now, and dame isn’t exactly PC either,” Tony corrects.  “But yes, I’m still wondering what in god’s name she’s doing with someone like me.”
Tony taps his hands against his desk, fingers dancing over its surface. He’s not sure what he’s looking for – his reading glasses, maybe? He pats his breast pocket – no, those are his sunglasses – then his other pockets.
Steve picks up the tee and sweats Tony had tossed onto the bed and turns back around, holding them up with a skeptical look on his face.
Natasha’s jaw ticks, her stare challenging Tony to ask another question.  She moves toward the door to the basement stairs, clearly assuming Tony will follow her.
“That’s a weird interpretation of this conversation.  Positively Lynchian in its strange digression.  Please don’t tell me you’ve got a dwarf stashed somewhere talking backward.”
For now, he obliges Steve’s silent request the old-fashioned way, breaking their rhythm to slip out of the tee as quickly as possible.  Steve’s hands travel the expanse of his bare back, up and then back down, fingers dipping into his back jeans pockets rather promisingly.
. is what she says.  Or what he thinks she says.  He can’t see her mouth and she speaks so softly.
“Tony.”  Steve mumbles.  He’s the only thing Steve can really see through the muddle.  He needs Tony.  Maybe he says it aloud.  He’s not sure.  The doctor glances at him.
“Rise and shine, Tony!” Pepper’s cheerful voice hits him a moment before he feels the slap of the morning newspaper against his chest. He hears the slide of porcelain on wood as she sets a cup of coffee on his nightstand. The rich smell of coffee floods his nose and sends him stomach churning. Tony groans, pulling a pillow over his head and closing his eyes tighter as she unceremoniously throws open his curtains, flooding the bedroom with late morning light.
, Tony, I need to—”
“If that’s true, then what are you doing here, showing me?” Steve counters. “Go make your money.” Loki puts a hand on the sink on either side of Steve’s body, trapping him against the counter. He tips his face at a coy angle and looks up at Steve plaintively.
Natasha had ceded their vigil to him alone only an hour ago, the days of nearly non-stop running and fighting finally catching up to her.  She’d reluctantly given in and curled up in one of the jump seats, using his coat as a shield against the pervasive chill of the hold and wadding up his hoodie for a makeshift pillow.  It’s a sign of how far the two of them have come that she’s able to sleep unarmed in his company, trusting him not to betray her when she’s vulnerable but also to protect her if the need arises.
“Nah, that’s definitely not it.  Couldn’t care less about that.”  Tony shakes his head, even if his smile undermines the lie.  Steve pulls back anyway, throwing Tony a mock scowl.  He taps one of his tattered Converse-clad feet against one of Tony’s Toms.  “Hey, watch the footwear.”
“Look…” Tony starts, but is apparently too distracted by their nearness to continue. He shakes his head and takes a step back. “Look.” He says more firmly, but still fails to follow it up.
“I don’t know how to dance, Tony.”  Steve looks at his hands as he speaks, too many memories rushing forward.  The doors ding open but Tony remains where he is.  Steve forces himself to lift his gaze.  “Peggy said she was going to teach me.”
It kind of takes Tony’s breath away.  Seventy years gone by.  Years of mental contamination, of having his identity toyed with; unable to trust his own thoughts and memories and James Buchanan Barnes still understood Steve like it was second nature.  Like their friendship was something intrinsic and absolute, unaffected and unchangeable by even the most severe circumstances.
“All we need now are some pigeons and the stink of the subway and it will be as if I never left home.”
“Gonzo’s actually my favorite, reminds me of you,” Steve retorts.
His skin stings as she slaps him; the woman’s hand hits his face repeatedly, short blasts of contact that are more like taps than blows.  Whoever she is, she huffs in frustration, and then he can’t see her anymore.  Pressure loosens around his wrists.  Then around his waist, then his feet.
Clint drifts into silence for a moment.  Steve doesn’t know if the other man is conscious of the fact he’s rubbing his hand over his chest, but Loki must be on Clint’s mind.
“Burgers.  Now.”
He makes a strange whimpering noise when Tony pulls back, opening his eyes at the sudden loss.  Tony is staring at him, breathing hard and heavy, his own dark eyes wide.  Steve stares back, wondering why Tony stopped.  It’s all he can focus on.
“You made Tony.”
“I can fix it,” Tony offers.  Steve doesn’t look that enthused.
“No.  No one’s okay.”
Steve’s voice stops him.
to switch. Despite the fact he’s a muscular mass of a man, he might still want to bend over and take it from someone smaller.
He almost asks why Tony would ever risk that, why he would want another man to tell his boyfriend that he’s in love with him, but he luckily realizes the arrogance of it before the question makes it out.
“I couldn’t find a pencil down here.”  Steve finally pours himself his glass of tea.  “Would you like some?”
Bucky chucks Steve gently on the shoulder with his fist and gets up, putting some space back between them.
I was going to be here?” Darcy points to Natasha and Bucky, who are standing at the record player, enviably comfortable in one another’s space. Steve knows they’ve heard every word exchanged, despite the fact that they’ve carefully engaged Thor in a separate conversation for the past five minutes.
“Can’t get through to anyone,” Steve reports.  He’s been standing behind him the whole time, one eye on what Tony’s doing and the other on the phone as he tries to call the Avengers, anyone he knows that’s at all connected with SHIELD.
my house.”
“Well, if we’re being honest,” Jane echoes, “I should also probably tell you I already knew you were Captain America. Before tonight.” She leans into him in the way that slightly tipsy people do when they’re unsteady on their feet. “In fact, I had my picture taken with Captain America when he was in Pittsburgh for a show in ’42. I was seventeen and my girlfriend dared me to kiss you on the cheek.” She laughs and kisses her hand, then presses it to his cheek playfully.
doesn’t know he’s had these dreams before.  He’s steadfastly pretended he hasn’t, never spoken a word about it to anyone.  He’ll never admit one of his earliest sexual experiences was pumping himself empty all over a photo of Steve – Steve as
She picks up the phone, finger poised to turn the rotary dial.
“Yeah, now you’re built like a brick house and can’t get sick, so snow should be your buddy-“
“Hey, there you are.” Tony’s voice is warm and gentle. He tentatively moves closer. “Can I…?” He stops just before putting a hand on Steve’s bare knee. Unable to get the words out, Steve nods his okay. Tony’s touch is surprisingly soothing, and Steve finds himself twisting his fingers up with Tony’s with a quickness that borders on desperation.
ache – but it’s still merely one night, singular. Baring his soul seems like too much, too fast. Tony’s asking because he’s kind, but that doesn’t mean he actually wants to take on all this extra burden.
“Steve Rogers, ma’am,” Steve takes her hand; Tony’s surprised he doesn’t kiss it in some quaint old-timey gesture.  But he gives it a quick, firm shake, accompanied by a pleasant but staid smile.  “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Miss Potts.  I’ve heard nothing but wonderful things about you.”
“It must be thrilling to be part of a team of real live superheroes.”  The man – Collin?  Callum? Steve feels awful for not knowing, they’ve been ‘conversing’ for at least ten minutes now – asks, leaning in much closer to speak.  His lips nearly brush Steve’s ear.  He must think Steve’s hard of hearing, the number of times he’s been asked to repeat what he’s said.
“Not a dream.”
“Tony, since you know that everyone is going to be fine, why don’t we take a break and at least get something to eat, if you refuse to sleep.  You’ve been down here since lunch yesterday.  You can think about it and eat at the same time.”
“So, exactly how late am I for this thing?”
“Captain America, in the flesh.” Tony forces a smile through the disappointing revelation that the man who has held sway over his mind all day long is in fact the one man he’d wished to avoid. “No one seems to know what happened to you, after. You’re still an actor?”
Steve.
of Steve’s frankly incredible size Bucky had taken in.  The flushed skin of Steve’s thick length is slick with lube and come and he’s impossibly half-hard again, or maybe half-hard
Bucky smirks at him as he leans against the arm of the couch. Steve glares at him as he tosses some salt into the near boiling water.
“I try to be.”
“And it might have been more than once. Multiple times.”
me who it is that you’re expecting to call.”
“Look, you better go get someone.”  Bucky warns, and jangles the handcuffs loudly.  “What can I possibly do like
“The same way I feel about most of this city, I suppose: I probably shouldn’t be there.”  Tony makes a face at him in response to that ludicrous thought, and Bruce demurs, knowing a losing battle when he sees one.  “What’s on the upper east side?”
Tony can’t say no; he doesn’t even want to.
“I’m real sorry I ruined the evening.”  Steve steps out, letting the doors go.  Tony stands stock still for a moment, and then spurs to action just in time to slip into the hall.
“You’re such a New Yorker.  Everything here is better than everywhere else.” Tony sing-songs wryly.  His accompanying grin is infectious.
“A good one at that.”
“I’ve always known my own mind, Tony.  I want you.”  Tony’s body betrays him, hopelessly shuddering when he feels Steve hard and hot between his legs, Steve rolling his hips ever so slightly to make sure Tony
, and he doesn't want to muck anything up for Steve by putting his foot in his own mouth with Bucky.
Bucky – not
“Tony doesn’t exactly believe silence is golden.”
“As you’d expect.”  He rubs his face, feeling tired.  “I awkwardly vomited out inappropriate things until the Captain just as awkwardly made his excuses and beat tail outta here.”
Peggy have told her?” There’s much wiggling of eyebrows, a bit of wagging tongue.  Steve ignores the antics.
that involved
“Get it, girl,” Tony sassily calls after them.  Steve doesn’t have to look to know that when she extends her hand behind him, the gesture she flicks in Tony’s direction is less than friendly.
“You do realize you’re only making my point for me?” Pepper says.  Tony frowns, annoyed.
Falsworth is his second in command on the crew, and Steve often relies on him as the go-between for set design and art direction. He’d do it himself, but with his own artist’s eye, he frequently finds himself perturbed by the horrible aesthetic choices being made and unable to hold his tongue about it.
“This is
“Okay, we’ve given you guys time and we’ve respected your space but
“Oh.”  Steve stays where he is, intensely uncomfortable.  He crosses his arms over his chest but just as quickly drops them back down to his sides, then crosses them again.
Tony kisses him. He can hear Bucky’s voice in the back of his head, his low words of warning thundering like a scream, but it’s quickly drowned out by the racing of his heart and the pounding of blood through his veins.
Tony turns away from the both of them. He sits down at the piano with an ungraceful thud, but then he drifts his fingers over the black-and-white keys more gingerly.
Tony walks over to him slowly. He takes the glass from Steve’s hands and sets it on the counter; Steve doesn’t protest. Cupping Steve’s face in his hands, Tony tilts his head upward. Steve doesn’t resist. His gaze is soft as he meets Tony’s eyes.
It seems to work, at least enough for Steve’s tense shoulders to droop.
"She was inspired to become an agent because of Peggy's stories.  Which included stories about working with
“Tony, if this is something that’s going to come out, if this is something that we need to get ahead of…” Pepper puts her hands on her hips, reclaiming her bearings and getting ready to fight. “There’s things we can do. We can manage this. Let me call Steve and we can strategize a response—”
“You bet.”  He can feel Tony shift against him, maybe wondering why their usual Saturday night game of Scrabble has been shunted aside in favor of a bro outing with Bucky, but Steve doesn’t look down.  He reaches over both Tony and Natasha’s heads to bump Bucky’s fist.
“You know me, always useful in an emergency.”
Tony looks down at the sketchbook in his hands, wondering why it always feels so terrible when he gets exactly what he asked for.
“As long as you don’t expect me to cook, lovely, I’m happy as a clam right here.” She folds her carefully manicured hands on the tabletop, smiling up at him. “Now, where’s that handsome fella you live with?” She casts her gaze about the apartment behind her as if expecting Bucky to appear.
He knew him.  Somehow.
“Get what?”
“Sorry, Tony, I didn’t know-“
?”  Tony stares at him like he’s just asked after his vacation on Mars.  Steve doesn’t see why the question is ludicrous but Tony’s smile is bitter and disbelieving.  “You’re serious.”
He needs to leave.
Carol Danvers
“I always wondered what you’d taste like,” Steve says unthinkingly, an easy truth slipping from his lips while all his defenses are down. “I’ve always wanted to do that, Bucky.”
“Now I
On the bed, Bucky is moving atop Steve, whimpering in pleasure as Steve shifts inside him like he’s going to start fucking him all over again.  Bucky tosses his hair back out of his face and pulls back, sitting up straight.
“Fuck me,” Tony whispers, breaking from him to turn around and bend over the sink. “Fuck me so I feel it for days, Steve. I want to think about you every damn time I move.”
“But if you wanted to make that chicken and mashed potatoes thing you do for dinner, I wouldn’t complain.”
– and a patriotic fanfare blasts forth. Way too much trumpet and snare. The sound level actually hurts his ears.
He stares at the garish TCI advertisement for as long as he can stand it, then switches to deciphering the
Tony’s laying it on a bit thick, now, and it makes Steve doubt that this attraction he feels is actually going both ways. Tony could just be playing at this in order to get what he wants. He’s brilliant enough and beautiful enough that it’s likely worked well for him in the past.
He watches as Steve drags the razor down his cheek, the swath of shaving cream disappearing to reveal smooth skin underneath.  His hand is steady and sure, his movements careful but efficient.  Steve catches his gaze in the mirror again as he rinses the razor clean.  Tony doesn’t look away, finds he doesn’t want to.
"You know, you look younger when you smile," Steve comments, which only serves to make Tony's grin grow wider.  Because of Tony’s glib refusal to take most things seriously, Steve never thought of Tony as someone who smiled rarely.  But it’s something he realizes now, simply because if Tony is smiling
“If I were selfless, I would’ve broken up with Steve and told him to be with you,” Tony states matter-of-factly. “But this way no one has to lose.”
He wants to hold Steve down with his weight, lie in his arms and kiss him until the sun comes up. But his mouth is dirty and he shouldn’t stay, so he sits there, panting, as he gently eases Steve’s legs down, unfolding them along either side of his hips. He rubs his hands over Steve’s thighs and watches as Steve calms down and comes back to himself.
“Who the hell did you rent this place from,
“You don’t even know what’s creating it, much less how to stop it.”
Tony nearly offers to show Steve how they work, but catches himself.
The mansion is lit up invitingly when they arrive, and Natasha greets him in the foyer.  From the looks of how far she’s into the book held in her hands, it seems she’s been waiting for a while.
“Totally fine,” Steve replies.  He reaches down and takes Tony’s hand, not wanting his personal angst to ruin the evening.  “Let’s go, don’t want to miss the magic, right?”
?—throbbing between his legs. “I can’t blame you, kid. I
“Better?”
“Tony…”
“Well, what’s a few.  It’s a relative term.”  Tony shrugs.  They’re all silent until around floor twenty-five when Barnes turns to him, sarcastically hopeful.
“See you tonight, Rogers," she calls after him, a clear implication that she can't be dodged forever.
a twelve year old girl, but a twelve year old girl from the 80s.”  He holds up something called
Tony is moving like a whirlwind and Steve can’t really catch up.  He barely manages to get out a thank you before Tony’s breezing toward the bathroom.
“I’d prefer you didn’t.” He replies. “I’m not unfaithful, and I’d never—“
“Steve…” Bucky starts, but he has no words to finish with. Steve shakes his head.
“I think they think you’re going to kill me and paint your masterpiece with my blood,” Tony comments out of the blue and Steve gives Tony an honest laugh for the first time in a long time.  “You’ll be a big hit, people love that controversial stuff, like that chick who painted with her period.”
It’s not the question he expected.  Tony shifts, folding his arms protectively over his chest.  He turns back to the window, not so much to look at Steve now but more to
Turning on the bedroom light, Tony heads for his wardrobe to find an appropriate suit for a night on the town. His best friend is in love. The least Tony can do is be happy for him, even if he can't be happy for himself.
tell me things. There’s a difference, there, right? We can agree to that?”
Instead he’s here trying to apologize, his kisses the wrong kind of desperate.
“We have a bargain?” Bruce yawns, rubbing his face.
“I think I’m going to take a walk, stretch my legs.”
“Fine, fine. Parker’s off lighting, tell him to come see me.” Scott pumps his fist in victory and turns on his heel, practically running away to deliver the good news. Tony rolls his eyes. “I thought you said this guy was the best of the best.”
“Oh, Sue, god, no.” Tony shakes his head then winces, the movement sending his brain thudding against both sides of his skull. “She was just looking to make Richards jealous. I guess he took another role ‘on the New York Stage’ without talking to her about being a whole country apart.” Tony makes Reed sound as pompous as he is. He fights back his bedspread and sheets, struggling to get his legs to cooperate. “She wanted a little payback and you know me, I live to serve.”
“You’ve never smoked.”
His head hurts, like a thousand voices screaming in his ears, like his skull is breaking wide open.  The lights are too bright and all he wants to do is close his eyes and concentrate, concentrate on the memory of that voice, saying that name.
“They can handle it.  How bad can some silly robots really be?”
“You’re cold.” He replies, equally bewildering.
“Yes right now.”
“Makes you think,” Steve replies, looking down the street at the neighboring houses, home lights on against the darkness of the night.  Behind each window, everyone’s just going about their lives.  “In fifty years, people will probably look back on things folks are doing now and wonder how we could all be so stupid.”
“How are you feeling?”  She inquires, her voice even and her posture carefully neutral.
have suspected.  “I mean, just look at them.” He gestures toward the pair.  “There should be cartoon hearts in their eyes.”
“Cross her off the list.” Tony doesn’t look back at his casting director, knowing full well that she will hear his every word.
“Be there with bells on, Banner.” Tony winks and clicks his tongue, throwing a two-gun salute as he ambles toward the exit.  “Try to get some sleep.”
.” The last word pushes out on a puff of air as Steve dips his index finger inside. Steve’s so big; the time it would take to properly prepare just isn’t really time they’ve got.
“Mr. Stark.”
“Just…answer me one thing.  What is bothering you more?  A) Barnes is a brainwashed assassin, B) He doesn’t remember you, or C) He remembers Natasha?”
“I know near everyone on the film is one of your little compatriots, but don’t forget it's still my film.” Tony doesn't slam the door behind him as he goes, but he might as well have. Steve stares at the empty space where Tony just was, wondering how exactly things between them could have changed so much without him partaking in a second of it. It's like Tony went to New York City and came back a different person all together.
love happy…that’s not a burden, Steve. I’ve never been uptight about sex, you know that. But if Bucky wants more than that with
Steve nervously pulls at the collar of his crisp white shirt and adjusts his new suit, which is made of this dark navy blue material that has this strange, near sheen to it.  It seems to shimmer under the string lights.  The narrow tie matches, of course, and Steve’s never worn a suit tailored so well.  Besides making him feel guilty, the exorbitant cost of his clothes also makes him scared to eat or drink a thing, terrified he’ll clumsily spill.
and it can’t be sunshine and roses forever – but right now the only issue is remembering that Steve’s far more reserved than it ever occurred to Tony to be.  They may practically live in each other’s spaces and trade in small touches all day long, but Steve would blush bright red if Tony suddenly leaned in like he wants to and licked a hot trail up the length of Steve’s neck and along that sharp jawline.
All he comes away with is that Steve might actually have had feelings for him.
“I’m…I’m where I should be.” His words go slightly soft at this, then it's back to that formal tone he began with. “And speaking of where I should be, I really am needed back on my own set, and your people are probably wondering where you are.”
“It’s not entirely about age, it’s how you behave.”
He’s in Tony’s space – or Tony’s in his – and all he’d need to do is lean in and they’d be kissing. Tony’s gaze dips to his mouth, then back up to meet his stare. Steve’s surprised by the desirous look in those beautiful brown eyes, startled by how positively electric the connection between them still is, despite Tony’s earlier cold shoulder.
“Eh, it’s short-term, so don’t get too excited.  Goes like this: fix your bike, find me a bike, and then find you a razor.  That’s as far as it goes.”
“I walk.  A lot.”  He takes the book from Tony’s hands, letting it fall back open to the drawing of the church.  He traces a finger gently over the intricate French Gothic architecture, careful not smudge the lines.  “This was always one of my favorite places.  It wasn’t my church, I didn’t go there to worship religiously…It was just to…”
“That was you, holding it back?” Steve laughs.  Tony trails his hand down the side of his neck, stopping at the collar of Steve’s pale blue Henley.
“Steve?”
Steve forces a tight smile.  Over Tony’s shoulder, he can see Bucky listening, reacting, and he’s sure his friend saw everything as plain as day all over his face.  Being friends for their entire lives means he can’t hide much if Bucky’s paying attention.
“By contact, do you mean through official channels or alternative means, sir?”  JARVIS requests.
“And there was never any moment where you thought he would?” After seeing the way Bucky looks at Steve now, with Steve as he was that night Bucky last saw him at the Stark Expo, Tony can’t possibly imagine that his love for Steve wasn’t written all over his face back then, plain as day.
“Since we’re not shooting tomorrow...I think you should come over tonight. To the house in Malibu. It’s finally repaired, and I think me and my leading man need to have a real conversation about his future with my company.”
“A forgotten phone call is a mistake, not a lie. I never intended not to call you—”
“You know…you are so Brooklyn when you talk about him.”  Steve stops, confused.  Tony makes a gesture up and down his own throat and around his mouth, like that somehow indicates
“You know what I mean.”
“Are you in love with him?”
.  Where the hell are your phones?  And why is JARVIS turned off in here?”
“Even if that means you’re unhappy?”
Puzzled, Steve reaches out and takes the crumpled note from him, unfolding it gingerly. He recognizes Tony’s messy handwriting immediately.
“It’s okay, Steve. Deal with this one.” She jerks her head toward Tony as she leads a staggering Jan down the sidewalk toward the street, Jan waving good-bye over her shoulder. Tony glances after them, wondering if he should be taking offense at Natasha’s words, then turns back to Steve.
Pepper doesn't seem to be a fan of his choices.
“Stark. A job?”
Without the serum, everything was feeling a little raw.
“I’ll go with you if you want, Thor,” Steve offers, even though he’s admittedly tired of both Fleet Foxes and Misty.  Thor responds with an incredibly pleased smile.
“You actually mentioned something like that last night over dinner.” Steve sounds sheepish about it, like he should have known better and taken Tony's behavior in stride. “And also, you may have been right. A little bit. About my being scared,” Steve concedes, too kind to even let Tony shoulder all the blame for this whole debacle. Tony’s not having it.
"The night is young.  Text Sam and tell him to keep his granny panties on.  I have just the place to take you.” Tony points east, the opposite direction.   “Are you hungry?  Who am I kidding, of course you are."
“No, Tony, you never told me that.  Did you mention this to Steve?”
in particular. Who set up this meeting? I don’t want this guy, don’t want him directing this picture, don’t see why I have to sit down with him and pretend otherwise. It’s a waste of my time.”
Steve shifts his hips, spreads his legs a little wider, and tilts his ass up in obvious invitation.
“How you behave with Steve.” Natasha holds up a hand to stop him talking.  “You seem the most invested in Steve’s happiness.”
He picks his own menu up and levels Steve with a serious stare.
“Stark.”  Steve snaps at him warningly, his face warming in embarrassment.  The man’s being crass for the sake of being crass.  That has a time and a place and it’s not here.
They’re both watching their bodies, seemingly fascinated by the way their muscles move as they fuck, or maybe by the way Bucky’s hard cock bobs as Bucky lifts and lowers himself to meet Steve’s upward thrusts, his thighs straining with the effort.  Neither of them touch Bucky’s leaking dick, and the way it flops about untouched might be comical if not for the way that threads of pre-come drip thickly down his length while stray droplets splatter over Steve’s chest. The muscled rise of his pecs and the ridges of abs are already shiny and slick with evidence of Bucky’s arousal.
Steve breaks their kiss to again bury his face against Tony’s neck, surprising himself by biting the juncture of his shoulder when Tony clenches tight around his cock. Tony’s whole body violently seizes up at the sensation of Steve’s teeth breaking his skin; he comes untouched, throwing his head back against the mirror hard enough to shatter the glass. Steve’s helpless against the force of Tony’s orgasm, Tony’s body milking him for all he’s got.
“No?”  Tony keeps his hands moving, fingers feathering along the waistline of Steve’s jeans.  “I can’t imagine saying no to you.”
Or maybe it’s his hands.
“You said –”
“They’re going to kill Steve in trying.  And then they’re going to kill her.”
He shoots her a reassuring smile.
“That's not...” Tony starts, pausing long enough to make Steve think that maybe that actually was the reason.
He hears it first, and then moments later Tony sees a Mi-24 helicopter flying away from the building, so close that he feels if he’d just been quick enough, he could’ve touched it.  There’s a flash of blonde hair he would recognize anywhere, a prone form lying deathly still near the ‘copter’s open door.
Clint and Sam turn away from Bruce’s departing figure, glancing at each other and then at Steve and Bucky.
He supposes they were.
Not until the next flare of awareness, dawning on him even more slowly than the first time.  It comes in ebbs and flows, except not that gentle.  It’s like he’s drowning, occasionally managing to surface to gasp for air.  It seems to last for hours.
He’s also rich, he’s famous, and that only makes him more dangerous.
“And ordinarily I wouldn’t care, I’d let you dig your own grave, but you’re upsetting Steve.”
Steve’s so beautiful as he rides him and somehow it’s over even more quickly than the first, Tony overwhelmed by the sight, sound, and feel of Steve rocking and writhing on top of him.
“It's a good thing you're still in town, Tones.”
If Fury says anything more than that, Steve doesn’t hear it over the roaring in his ears.  The man’s mouth is still moving but it’s like being in Times Square all over again.  The overwhelming tidal wave of
“I had all those years between us, me and him against the world. No matter what anyone else took, no matter how much he shared, I was the only one who had that part of him. I was the only one alive who remembered, the only one who
“Good thing love isn’t a finite resource, then,” Tony responds. “We can all be as greedy for it as we want.” He lowers his head once more, but his mouth moves lower than Steve’s cock. “Tell me if this is too much.”
“Call it.” Tony mouths to Steve, mimicking a phone with his hand, and then turns to greet Pepper. By the time he’s done smoothing ruffled feathers, Steve is long gone.
“I can handle all that,” Steve replies.  There’s not much there.  The furniture came with the place; he’s got some clothes, a few photos, maybe a couple of books and his laptop computer.  He can barely remember what the apartment looks like, considering he has spent the last few months in various hotels, safe houses, and SHIELD bases, living out of a duffel and sleeping on narrow cots, if sleeping at all.
“I do not…I…I just feel better when he’s here in L.A. working under the AMPP, that’s all. Those airshows have all the safety precautions of the Flying Wallendas, for Christ’s sake.”
There’s no hard copy file with a dossier. There’s no folder on a laptop with images and lists and other data. But he collects it just the same, keeps it stored in his mind. It’s the only thing that’s organized in the muddle. The rest of his thoughts and feelings are an amorphous mess, a tangled mass of sharp objects and dangling threads.
Steve chuckles to himself, trying to think back to the last time he celebrated a new year with anything but apprehension.
“I hardly-“
, Mr. Stark, please stop talking.” Peter begs him, burying his head in his arms on top of the table, papers rustling as they are shoved aside.
“As is…all this?” Tony gestures toward the table covered in schematics. He clears off the litter of screws and bolts and other mess from the top of the pile of papers, and studies the camera design laid out in front of him. “You are clearly a man of many talents, Banner.”
“Why?”
Feeling daring, Steve leans forward in his own chair, gesturing for Tony to lean in. The other man complies. He wets his lips, watching Tony’s gaze catch on his mouth, and lowers his voice to a deep whisper.
“Or something,” Tony says, mostly to himself, but then forces himself to brighten.  He’s not about to wallow in front of this crowd.  “It’s been kept up but hasn’t been lived in for years.  I figured we could kick out the old cobwebs, brush off the furniture and make use of this pile of bricks while the Tower is under re-construction.”
“Stark has a treadmill in his own gym, on his own floor,” she says quietly, lips still brushing his face, and then ducks past him toward the exit.
“Aren’t you two fucking adorable,” Clint states.  “I’m starving, how long ‘til we get a table?”
“I…I thought I’d surprise you for your birthday.  That was the plan, anyway.”
Then Bucky’s face freezes for a split second, and Steve knows that he hadn’t meant to bring up Tony right now, like that. He looks instantly regretful of his choice in words.
“Steve, hey, come on – that’s not-“ Tony starts, but Steve shakes his head and looks pointedly away until the elevator closes.
“Not a problem, Cap.”  His gaze flicks away for a moment and then darts back, something like panic building behind his eyes.  Steve tenses because something’s clearly gone wrong, and he’s about to ask what when Tony moves, adjusting his grip in Steve’s hand and turning away.  “Hey, spin me.”
“I see your ugly mug more than enough, thanks,” Tony replies, elbowing Rhodey in the ribs.
“Then he and I talked for a little while about what we were considering doing and what that meant, and then…”
“Should be towels, soap, all the amenities, even fancy fluffy bathrobes with my initials on them.  Feel ‘em, they’re nice.”  Tony lifts up the sleeve of the one that’s hanging on the hook but doesn’t wait for Steve to touch it before dropping it and moving on.   “Shower or bath, for whatever suits your fancy.  Sure beats sleeping on the side of the road, doesn’t it?”
“That’s hardly necessary, Tony.”
When Tony picks up, there’s a burst of static and gunfire and then the line goes dead.
“My brother, I fear not.  I know not which way they flew.  However, I will gladly scour the skies for any sign of their whereabouts.”
“Steve?”
“I’m actually kinda hungry – could you eat?  We can order up from room service.”
“Well, no. Not actually. But you would assume, right? I mean,
“If you think that was poetry, Rogers, I think I’m beginning to understand the state of your love life.”
Bucky remains with him the rest of the evening, watching over him as the doctors run their tests and check his vitals.  He only leaves when he’s no longer given the choice to stay.
“Absolutely.”
Tony waves him off and approaches Steve with a confident smile. He’s wearing a gray double-breasted suit that’s tailored perfectly to his lithe frame, his shirt crisply ironed and ivory white, and his black tie held straight with a beautifully designed ruby and gold tack. His black shoes are polished to a high shine; a deep red pocket square caps off the ensemble with a bright dash of color. He doesn't wear a hat; his dark brown hair is impeccably styled.
“Alas, my attempt to replicate my Lady Jane’s likeness has not met with great success.” Thor turns around his jack o’ lantern to reveal three jagged holes that Steve divines were supposed to be Jane’s eyes and her mouth.  “Loki always displayed greater artistic gifts than I.  My talents sadly do not extend thusly.”
“Steve…” Tony starts, the words starting to come even if he’s not sure he’s okay with saying them.
“– when she didn’t turn up for work today, they sent someone to check her house.”
“What?  How?”
“I am not familiar with this Picasso fellow, some time in the near future you must avail me of his exploits.”
Tony pulls himself up from the water slowly, blinking at Steve with a disgruntled yet disbelieving look on his face.  He sets his jaw, ticking it sideways as he grinds his teeth.
After returning from Bucky’s a few hours ago, Steve had showered and stumbled into bed, exhausted, not bothering to dress. He’d fallen asleep the second he hit their flannel sheets, the comfortable set that Tony had purchased to help keep him warm after the loss of the serum left him shivering at night. His bare skin cools now as Tony tugs the bed sheet down to his waist, exposing his body to the air-conditioned chill of the bedroom, but he quickly begins to warm up again underneath Tony’s touch.
The renovations were why Tony had chosen this theatre for the premiere in the first place.
“Well I’m sick and tired of trying to figure you out, Tony.  I’m done.”
“You call her Nat.”
She must sense the shift, because she approaches him as soon he walks in, her defenses down.
“Friends – Father John Misty is playing Terminal 5 in-“
Natasha slinks into the hall then, closing the door behind her.
“I designed her, yes –
Steve folds his large body into a seat a careful distance from where Tony stands. Tony resists his natural contrary urge to close the gap and plop himself down directly beside him.
“Anthony Edward Stark,
*******
“Because it’s that easy,” Tony snorts, rolling his eyes.
“But you shouldn’t have-“
The wrist Tony had been holding is pinned back against the wall, but his other free hand fixes a grip on Tony’s waist, fingers digging in and pressing Tony closer.  He’s shocked by how good this feels, like it’s something he’s been wanting all along.  Maybe he has.
“This seems highly unorthodox.  I feel like we should either have the food tested for poison or have Nat tested for alien infiltration,” Tony suggests, wincing when Pepper elbows him sharply in the ribs.  She takes the pastry box from Tony and squeezes past Steve, a kind hand resting fleetingly on his shoulder as she goes by.
“I mean it. I know you think you’re invincible now that you’re built like Johnny Weissmuller, but even Tarzan needs shut-eye.”
“Bull shit you don’t know.  You don’t know, why’d you want to talk?”  There are other agents piling into the hallway now, coming into the room from the other entrance, their guns up and ready.
It’s funny that he’d been willing to die to protect this place, and now he can’t stand to be here.
doesn’t cut it.
Steve wants to believe him. But with Tony up and gone and Bucky acting like they’re strangers, he’s not sure of anything anymore.
To his credit, Rhodey doesn’t put up an argument; he just arches an eyebrow.
Whenever he gets annoyed, Steve focuses on them – on their lives, their wives, their growing families – and suddenly quibbling over a shade of blue on a wall on a movie set doesn’t seem worth the anger.
“Oh, and what. Is. That. I didn’t know you were interested in sound equipment as well, Banner. Moving away from mono, I like it. So the speakers would be here and here?” He points to the different places Bruce has marked on the theater layout, but Bruce only grabs the drawing from him and puts it aside.
“This is all for me?”  Steve sounds more bewildered than honored or grateful.  Bucky stops beside Tony, shoving his hands into his pockets and rocking back on his heels.  He lets out a low, impressed whistle.
“Whatever.”  Tony heads back toward the living room, sauntering at a snail’s pace.
“What is the
“A few minutes ago. I see this particular Cap film made quite the impression?”
“Just forget it. I have to go.” Steve turns on his heel and walks out. He even moves the way he used to, shoulders hunched and his chin down like he wants to disappear completely. Stark watches him go, gaze concerned but calculating. He knows enough to let Steve leave without interference, and the lack of his usually incessant chatter says more than any words ever could.
“Apparently twice was enough to make an impression, although honestly I can't imagine why. Your Jimmy is quite the charmer—although I suppose that could be the problem, now couldn't it. Tony's never much liked competitions he can't win.”
Tony starts to respond but then clamps his mouth shut.
“Set design. That’s unfortunate, you have the face for the flicks.”
Clint looks between him and Tony and then scrambles up off the couch.
“Do you want me to stop?”  The metal teeth click as Tony slowly tugs the slide of the zipper down.
slowly – pushes inside.
It’s Tony’s turn to be quiet.  He coughs a little, getting rid of the unexpected swell of emotion that catches in his throat.
“Tony, I’m sorry.  Don’t know what to say.  Are you okay?”
needs space too.
“We can…we should go somewhere?” Tony suggests, but Steve shakes his head no.
He wonders at what point faithfulness becomes mere semantics, an arbitrary line drawn in the sand.   Thoughts are thoughts and actions are actions, and there
“Well, sir, he is Captain America,” Happy states, smiling in amusement.
“Take a seat, make yourself comfortable,” Tony waves toward the spacious couch. “No need to stand on ceremony.”
“And not just last night. This morning too. Right before I came to meet you, actually.”
Bucky just shrugs, mustering up only a weak guilty look that fades quickly.  He kicks his heels up on the armrest and Steve scowls at the dust shaking off his shoes and onto the faded but clean fabric.  But he knows better than to think Bucky will apologize for anything – ruined drawing, ruined couch, or otherwise - so Steve sighs and reluctantly unfolds the newspaper, scanning the headlines for the story that Bucky apparently couldn’t wait to share.
All at once the droll tones of JARVIS explaining how Thor’s encounter with a medicine ball went horribly awry are drowned out by an avalanche of noise. Steve rounds the corner first, Bucky less than half a step behind him.  It’s like a merry band of brothers piling into his kitchen, everyone boisterous and smiling.  Even Natasha looks mildly happy.  Only Bruce and Betty are absent; but Thor has evidently brought Jane and Darcy along this time and Darcy’s loud enough to make up for four people, much less two.
He only hopes he isn’t making the biggest mistake of his life.
“Yeah, yeah,” Steve chuckles, shaking his head.
Tony backs away quickly, signaling to Pepper that he’s not here, definitely not available to take Phil’s call. Pepper nods, barely stopping herself from rolling her eyes.
understand how not a
“Lovely.” Maria replies tightly, not amused. Tony shrugs off her displeasure.
He has no idea what time it is when an unfamiliar woman approaches their table and frowns down at Tony, but the restaurant is almost entirely empty of both customers and wait staff.
Steve knows when they go back to the mansion, Tony will disappear off to wherever Tony disappears off to, and he’ll be left alone.  The thought of returning to his lovely but lonely bedroom isn’t at all appealing, but telling Tony that he’d rather stay here and stare at the rain hardly seems an option.
Tony wonders, amazingly for the first time, what Steve’s plans had been with Peggy.  Or really, what
They exit at Eighth Street and make it to Washington Square without incident.  The park is empty of street performers, skateboarders and tourists now, the chess tables abandoned and the dog run closed.  Steve empties his pockets of change for a homeless man slouched on the park bench; Tony gives Steve a look but nevertheless hands the man a twenty. NYU students, loud and carefree, heading out to bars on Bleecker or MacDougal cut across the concrete paths of the park occasionally, but no one lingers.
- found ‘em in the boys department. Hope you like dinosaurs on your PJs.”
They sit and listen as Sinatra fades into the Inkspots, minutes slipping by peacefully and without comment.
“Bucky really did have some thoughts,” Steve offers as gently as he can.
“Anything I can help with?” Steve interjects before the conversation can get any more heated. Hiring Scott had been his suggestion, so he feels a certain responsibility to intervene. Scott’s vocabulary only got more colorful during his stint in prison, and it’s only a matter of time before Tony’s exposed to a whole rainbow of insults.
Steve smiles back at him warmly now, all too innocent and wholesome for what Tony is currently recalling.  He holds Steve’s gaze, remaining silent but smirking until Steve seems to pick up on the tenor of his thoughts.  When Steve unconsciously licks his lips, Tony knows they’re now both on the same page.
Steve laughs breathlessly as he pushes Bucky back. Bucky goes easily, letting Steve roll them over so Steve’s on top. Bucky bites his lip, eyes going dark as Steve stands up for a minute and finishes disrobing.
Hands at Steve’s shoulders, he takes advantage of Steve’s surprise to back him inside the apartment, letting the door fall shut behind them.
He tries not to do that though – the endless comparisons to the people he used to know, the friends he used to have.  Parallels are easy to find when one’s looking.  There are glimpses of Peggy in Natasha’s fierce no-nonsense grace, Dum-Dum’s boisterous fighting joy in Thor’s loud tumble of a laugh, Erskine’s kindness and regret in Bruce’s sad smile, even shades of Phillips in Fury’s strengthening faith in their ragtag team.  And Howard…well, he sees Howard in the shadows of everything Tony does.
“Well, Steve’s reluctance to hit me isn’t based on him viewing me as a wilting flower in need of protection.  He knows I can hold my own.  But he respects women and that’s not misogynistic, it’s simply…nice.”
“The tower will be finished soon.  We’ll all have our own floors.” Tony says, more to Steve than to everyone else as he puts Bucky’s pumpkin beside Steve’s on the counter.  “Plenty of space, we won’t all be right on top of each other.”
“And their lovely compatriots,” Darcy adds, flipping her long wavy hair over her shoulder.  “We have a secret handshake now.”
“We’re not big on the Starks,” Bucky provides, crossing the room to Thor’s bar to fix himself another drink.
“And how do you expect to sort him out?  It’s the blind leading the blind.”
Tony dips his head again and begins kissing the delicate skin behind his ear, the place that he knows makes Steve a little weak in the knees. He disentangles their hands and runs his palm down Steve’s arm, over his hip, smoothing down his body beneath the sheet to slide over the swell of his ass. Tony’s deft fingers part his cheeks and brush over his hole.
Tony helps Maria free of the rubble and despite Tony’s warning not to move, she hobbles over to Fury’s side and reaches out a hand to shake his shoulder.
“Dig the Beetlejuice reference, Cap.  That was almost current.”  Clint bumps him on the shoulder and Steve’s grateful to him for breaking the tension.
“It’s me.” Tony whispers, toeing off his shoes as he makes his way across the room, letting them stay where they fall.
Nevertheless, he can’t stop himself from liking Clint best, so he falls into step beside him and doesn’t say a word as Natasha leads them to some hole-in-the-wall dive bar off of Tillary.
Bruce actually looks startled, taken aback enough that his own anger fades in comparison to Tony’s.  He takes a deep breath, setting his lips into a firm line.
It only takes two floors before Steve moves his gaze from the numbered lights above the doors to sneak a sideways glance at Tony.
“Mr. Stark –”
“It probably seems weird to say, considering.” Bucky climbs up from where he’s been kneeling on the floor and sits beside Steve on the couch, their legs tangling together comfortably. They’re both a mess, but Steve can’t bring himself to care much. “But it really does make me happy to know that you’ve had someone who loves you like that, the way I should have all along.”
“Yeah, no, this one’s gonna be a non-starter.”
“Guess this means I have to go get dressed.” Tony sighs, annoyed.
Both he and Maria start to rise from their seats, but Coulson clears his throat.
*******
Steve glances at Tony, who gives him a look that says
“Would you like me to go see Bucky? Y’know – on your behalf?”
“Just don’t say anything yet.” Tony orders him as he leads the way to the Wonder Wheel, Tony circumventing the waiting line despite Steve’s protests.
“Can I time that?” Bucky asks, extending his arm and then bending it back, looking at his own watch. “And…go.”
“So in your dream what would happen next?”
Steve pads across the small dressing room and then into the bathroom, shutting the door behind him with a small sigh. Looking down at the bed sheet he has clutched around his waist, he sheepishly realizes that he must’ve looked ridiculous, waddling through the hotel room with this mass of fabric gathered around his legs, perfectly good robe still in his hands.
“I think your tea’s ready,” Tony says as he enters.  Steve starts, jolting a little and reflexively putting his hand out to steady himself.  The sound of flesh sizzling against the hot metal makes Tony wince in sympathy.
“Just put me in a room with him.”
Tony’s free hand presses flat against his abs, blunt fingernails raking over the ridges of his muscles. It feels so good; he wishes they were both entirely naked, every inch of their bodies pressed tightly together. But they don’t have time, and this will have to do.
“Let’s go for a drive.” Tony pulls a set of keys from his pocket, pressing them to Steve’s palm. “You decide where.”
“We believe he refused to see Captain Rogers because he was afraid of what he might do if he did.  James Buchanan Barnes is at war with the Winter Soldier, Stark.  And we’ve been trying to get what we can from him, but let’s just say that…he’s having a hard time getting himself to cooperate.”  Fury cocks an eyebrow at him, like he’s daring Tony to find a way around
Manhattan is no longer his friend, eagerly conspiring with him toward greatness.  It is his enemy: a living, breathing entity over which he has no control.  Everything he once loved about this mercurial island now terrifies him.
“Try and take it easy, bro.  You’ve been through a lot.  Stark’s got everything under control for the time being.”  Clint’s leaving; it takes his brain a moment to catch up with the movement.  He’s at the door before Steve recognizes that the last thing he wants is to be alone right now.  “You should get some sleep.”
“I appreciate the thought, Tony.  I do…but if it’s all the same, I think I’ll just go back to the hotel.”
Tony takes a moment to consider before shaking.  Sam’s a bit shorter than Steve but just as built, and he seems bright, flashy and slightly insincere.  He’s also wearing a NY Jets jersey, which, just…no.
