“Hm. And yet, I can’t remember life before. Before war, and violence, and America, and dying for the fucking cause. And all this –
The doctors at the medical bay paused for a moment, taking stock of Steve’s breaths – in, out, in, out – seeming satisfied at the pace and timbre. Natasha moved towards them, peeking over trolleys and wires to eye her teammate. He was less bloody than earlier – a few major scrapes stitched and patched for now. Still mostly caked in grime, but motionless and visible. His gaunt face was foreign to her – and he was definitely shorter. The Russian blood in Nat took stock of less obvious injuries. Ribs dented from the CPR, breathing not quite regular (but void of the rattle of a punctured lung), and scoliosis throwing his stature off a little. Electrode pads from the AED remained in place on his bare chest, a clinical warning that he wasn’t out of the dark yet. Nat half expected this stranger to wake up with no knowledge of Steve Rogers, insisting that they’d brought the wrong man back. That somehow there was a second combat uniform left hanging in another cell, where the strong, silent guy they knew was sat waiting. No one ever expected him to be this kind of silent when they brought him back.
The brunette looked up into the mirror, catching sight of the man adjacent to him. “No-freaking-way – Captain America, right?” He held out a dripping hand for Steve to shake, which was reluctantly accepted. “Wow, I thought the celebrities would be long gone by now – this is incredible! Hey, Spencer, get out here!”
Steve whipped around, struggling a path through the crowd towards the restrooms. Dodging trays of hors d’oeuvres and donation bowls alike, he managed to dump his champagne flute before shoving open the too-heavy doors. He ground to a halt over the sinks. Christ, when S.H.I.E.L.D. had offered him PR training, maybe he shouldn’t have turned it down with such a dismissive snort. Back in the old days if you couldn’t hold a conversation you just had to smile and look pretty. At least, that’s what Howard had dictated all those years ago.
. He had to get away. Somehow, Steve found his way to the door, ripping it open and almost running out – immediately engulfed by the turbulent crowd. Get outside. Find the exit. Pulling, shoving, and tripping through the hordes of partygoers, he eventually managed to find some balcony overlooking some garden to take a long, rattling breath.
Tony nodded; gaze affixed on the door as Hobbs swung it open. Tentatively, he stepped one foot over the threshold, then two, and repeated until he was a mere two feet away from the tangle of wires and solutes framed by a hospital cot. Tony felt his chin quiver, but set his jaw and forced a peek at the central figure.
Rhodey felt his own breathing quicken, and Tony’s shoulders start to twitch. “What I’m trying to say is, I can’t possibly imagine
Shaking hands held firm against the stone balustrade, cool air biting at his lungs. Jesus, Bucky had only been dead five minutes before the whole world swooped in like vultures, picking his carcass for gossip. What did they want to hear? ‘Oh, the pair were as inseparable as brothers – a little more than brothers, if you know what I mean.’ Hell, no one had cared back then – your business was your business. And sure, the Commandos saw through the relentless searches for Bucky’s body, the refusal to believe he was dead, nightmare after nightmare only reinforcing reality’s harsh truth. They knew there was something else behind that sorrow than mere friendship – but in the 40s it didn’t seem to
“Those men in the restroom. They…they pretty much figured it out. What do I do?” Steve even surprised himself – it took this state of sheer panic before he could even
“Did he get the intel?” She handed over a black memory stick. “Well done on finding Steve, Romanoff. I hope you can help Wilson move on from this…unfortunate circumstance.”
“Right!” Rhodey slapped his knees as he stood, shaking out the stiffness in his thighs. “I’m going to get some air. Tone?” This was met with nothing. “
The pair continued to stare through the door, neither knowing what to say. Although the doctors obscured most of Steve from view, it didn’t offer much comfort from the incessant noise of beeping machines. The silence felt stuffy and thick. Tony did his best to control his breaths but to no avail.
be reworked to help his back.” Rhodey tried to disguise his smile as Tony’s eyes brightened, mind whirring with possibility. “You’re a helper, Tone, but you don’t like to admit it.” He clapped a hand on his shoulder. “All
“I won’t say anything. I promise. But if you don’t keep your voice down, half this bar might overhear.” Steve shot a frantic gaze around the room, quickly realizing no patrons had even bothered to look up. “Relax. Have a drink.” He nudged Steve’s glass towards him, which was quickly accepted and gulped down.
“We have an update on Mr Rogers’ condition,” Dr Hobbs began. “The spinal surgery successfully corrected the superficial damage to his back, and our specialist has assured us that the spinal cord damage has been adequately rectified.” She gave a wry smile. “Of course, only when Mr Rogers regains consciousness will we know if everything has been repaired.” Tony shifted his eyes downwards. “However, you are now able to enter Mr Rogers’ room – if you’d like?”
“Sorry, out of my hands.” Tony waved his arms in defeat. “Duty calls.” He gave a playful salute, beckoning a bewildered Steve with a head jerk. Before the doors had even swung shut, Tony hailed a taxi, twitching his fingers in distracted impatience. Steve picked up the pace, hastily hopping inside as the cab pulled away.
“You won’t have to – he’s strong; so much stronger than any serum could make him.” Tony started to regain control. “He will pull through because he’s got
Okay I know it's been a while but I'm starting to get back into writing again and it's been super relaxing! Hope you enjoyed (and I hope it's not another 11 months to the next part lol)
The blood immediately rushed to Steve’s head, bringing with it a cloud of shock, shame, and humiliation. “Wh…what?”
“What did he say?” A hasty nod. “The big ones are heart trouble and severe asthma. Might also be half deaf, half blind, anaemic and have a skewed back.” Tony’s head dropped to his knees, and he tugged at the hair on the back of his head. “There might be some pathogenic diseases left over from the thirties, but we can’t be sure until blood tests come back.” Natasha shifted feet, hesitant to continue. “And then there’s whatever happened when he was…out of range.”
anything.” The tips of his ears turned pink. “Just…loved each other.” Sipping his whiskey, he willed away the tears threatening to form. “For years, we were fine together. People saw us and understood. There was nothing to be ashamed of. But one day I…I came home with a thick lip, busted eye, and a couple broken ribs. Some asshole jumped me, saying—” He swallowed thickly, jaw twitching. “—Yeah. And that was it, we suddenly weren’t safe anymore. Buck got a girlfriend – told me to get one too. I think he genuinely felt something for her, but…” He shrugged. “That’s when I found Peggy – you know, the one in the Smithsonian. She was lovely. I think she even knew about…you know. And I did love her. But I never felt quite the same way about her as…as I did about Bucky.” Emotion coated Steve’s throat as he sighed. Tony gave a sad smile, brows still knitted in thought.
got the wrong end of the stick – well, they brought up Bucky which isn’t really fair, but—I’m sorry, I should have kept my mouth shut. I’m sorry. Shit.” He slumped forwards, head in hands.
fine’.” Tony placed his champagne flute down onto the cool stone and leaned inwards. His thick brows furrowed, eyes suspiciously searching the creases of Steve’s face for the answer to a question he hadn’t yet asked. “Is it the media? I can get them to back off? Do you want to go home? Happy can get you home, you only need to ask—”
Time seemed to move slower – floor eight, floor seven, floor six – until she could finally disembark and worm through the maze of labs to the hospital centre. White floors, white ceilings, white coats – just follow the trail of noise. Her shoes clicked on the polished floors, speeding up every few steps at the worrying thought of Tony going AWOL. Eventually, she rounded a corner and spotted a bulky heap propped up against a wall. Could’ve been worse.
“Yes – his lungs and heart seem to be the main concerns going forward, but Doctor Helen Cho is on her way from South Korea as we speak to assist with ongoing treatment. Hopefully her genetic tech will provide some new avenues to pursue, but for now he’s on a ventilator.”
was that, Fury?” Sam stalked off the jet and onto the ground, face stormy and ready for a fight. “As mission leader, I should’ve been informed of
“I thought I was having a fucking heart attack when he arrived in ICU. I thought—I thought that was it—” He was interrupted by a sob, which he quickly stifled with his own hand. He breathed deeply. “I thought he was dead, Jim. I can’t carry on without him.”
“No – you know you’re due to make a speech in ten!” But despite Happy’s feeble protests, Tony was already pushing the doors to the open air.
“I mean,” started the brunette, “we’ve all done it! You and your pal – Bucky, was it? – it’s common knowledge you two were a little more than
be doing another one for a while. Suddenly, Steve noticed the hangnail he had been gnawing on starting to bleed. Tony – who had watched the whole event happen – looked mildly concerned.
The doctor inclined her head, stepping towards the doorway. “Keep in mind that Mr Rogers is extremely weakened, and likely won’t be woken for at least a week or so.”
They hesitated. A distant siren split the night like the lightning bolt. Couples interwoven on the balcony whispered and giggled, drinking in each other’s presence. The string quartet inside changed their song. Tony lifted his left arm, drawn higher to comfort the taller man, but stopped it short of its destination. He drew back, awkwardly rubbing his arc reactor.
“Tony,” Nat retracted her arm, “I’m going to call Rhodes, get him up here. I think you could use the support.” She stood back up, eyeing Tony (who was gnawing at a hangnail and breathing hard) as she stepped away. She pulled out her phone.
? This may sound like I’m asking, but it’s more of an instruction.” He presented an expectant hand to his friend, who merely glanced up.
“And I’ll grab you some peanut M&M’s,” Rhodey returned, shifting his attention to the friend all-but-staggering along next to him. He placed a supportive hand on the small of Tony’s back, eyebrows furrowing at the vacant stare plaguing the other man’s face. The pair shifted left, approaching the sleek double doors to greet the darkened outside world. As they exited the automatic light stuttered on, making visible their breaths on the gloomy balcony.
A second man (blonde and taller) emerged from the stall the brunette had appeared from, hastily zipping his fly and looking dishevelled. He grinned upon seeing Steve, whose mouth now hung slightly open.
“—So, I said to her – ‘Hey, how many Teslas do you really see this side of town?!’. And sure enough, she returned the toddler and the fedora, and said ‘I’ll see you tomorrow, Eric!’”
Rhodey started forward in his chair. “Thank you, Doctor,” he smiled, eyes darting downwards in the direction of his friend, “We’ll come find you later if we have any…questions.” Hobbs nodded and ducked into the ICU, leaving the trio in a sobering silence. In the quiet, Rhodes heard Tony’s breathing catch in the back of his throat.
Tony gave a nonchalant sniff, gazing out the window as though nothing abnormal had just happened. “I’m hungry. You hungry?”
As instructed, the tie was tucked into a pocket and Tony was followed. The bar, situated on a discreet backstreet, would seem deserted if not for a solitary figure smoking on the front steps. This figure grinned at the pair as they passed, seemingly content with allowing them to enter.
“He looked so…” The words caught in Tony’s throat, and a tear threatened to escape. Natasha could have finished that sentence ten times over – vulnerable, exposed, defenceless, weak. None quite seemed right.
about his personal life? Hearing Bucky’s name had only ripped open the fresh injury of grief, and having past affairs –
“Don’t tell anyone. Please. Damn—” He began to bounce his leg, pinching his eyes in stress. His tone sounded more and more desperate. “I shouldn’t have said anything.
For some reason, this elicited roaring laughter from the other suited men surrounding this storyteller. Captain America’s ‘Service Smile’ twitched dutifully into action, barely concealing the confusion below the surface. To be honest, Steve had forgotten which of these pinstriped businessfolk was called Eric, and how on earth he’d managed to lose his toddler. He took a sip from his champagne. It tasted…grape-y.
He was sitting on a bed in an unfamiliar place. The small room was painted in white. To his left was a wall of glass, showing beautiful veld scenery.  His bed, two chairs and a movable table next to him were the only furnishing, keeping the room simple.  There was an African themed painting on the wall opposite from him. The room had two doors, probably one for the bathroom and one to leave the room.
Steve can’t help his grin as he notices the blush on Tonys face in response to the term of endearment.  Though the blush soon dies down.
In the end, both couldn’t say how long they had been kissing each other only that at one point they had moved on to the couch. With Tony sitting on Steves lap, head rested on the Alphas shoulder, they both had fallen asleep – a content smile on both their lips. That’s how the rest of the pack found them.
It was still silent, only the sobs from Natasha and even Bruce were heard. The latter men for once glad that the Hulk currently refused to come out.
Steve remembered the way clearly. He had gone to the room daily, back when he was seeking refuge here. He opens the doors and reveals a rather large training room. One wall was completely plastered with mirrors. There were fighting dummies and a free area for combat training. He looked to his left were the punching bags were. He didn’t bother to wrap his hands and started punching. Again and again, without holding back. He gritted his teeth and tried to ignore the pressure in his chest, making it hard to breathe. It hurt but he didn’t care.
Steve thinks about it. Someone needs to return the stones. They need to travel back and return them to the time where they took them from. To timelines where Tony was still alive. Where he could see Tony once more. His captivating eyes, his hands, with which he created incredible things and the light that guided him. He made up his mind and texted Bruce back that he would do it.
Thor had a very serious expression on, not showing what he was thinking and Bruce, well, Bruce looked still shocked. It hadn’t been paradise between the avengers pack when he had left but hearing about this, it hurt him that he hadn’t been there to help. He knew about Tony’s condition after all, not the pregnancy, but about his health. As a doctor he could probably understand the best the hardship Tony must have been gone through or the toll it had took on his body.
Tony let his gaze fall down. His body slumped in himself, he had no idea how to do this and he felt so scared. So he settled his hands on Steves shoulders to steady himself. The Alpha had always been so grounding for him.
“Don’t be” she reassures him. “We all understand. It’s perfectly fine and, after all, crying always makes one feel better” she shows him a smile. Steve returns it, even though it’s weak on his tired face and eyes puffy.
Shuris still young and all this responsibility is pushed on her like that, while still trying to cope with her loss. The situation reminded him a lot of his own when he had been younger. Only her responsibility is even greater. A responsibility she never thought she would have to take. Yet, she was still smiling, her eyes still sparkling when she talked about her tech and god he hated her puns. Somehow, in these past hours, she had found her way into his broken heart.
“Pym-particles?” Bruce asked again. He felt once more so lost. He was gone for 2 years and so much had happened:  Between their friends, the appearance of new superheroes and especially now after Thanos.
Tonys soft expression confirmed what she thought but she asked anyway: “You always knew where everyone was, didn’t you?”
Yet he knew. Deep down he knew it was impossible. That’s not how this works. He needed to stop running away and face this. Face Tony. Face his faults.
Tony was finally looking at her again. His eyes looked still broken and sad. She could feel he was searching for lies, for anything she said to be not true but he would find none of that.
Hours later, when Steve had calmed down, he told Bucky exactly how he feels. He tells him that he should be delighted that Bucky, Sam and everyone else is back. He tells him he thought he had nothing to lose when going into this fight, but when Natasha had not come back from their time travel and now, that they had lost Tony, he knows he was wrong. Because he had lost the one thing he cannot live without.
The man looked at her with confusion. So Natasha continued: “I never told you, but Ross was willing to kill you, to get to the Winter Soldier. So Tony asked for time, to simply capture you, and he agreed. Though giving him less time than he originally wanted. So yes, he was stressed.”
The pleading voice was not really helping for the omega, who found it with every second incredibly harder to restrain himself to just plunge into his Alphas arms.
“Destiny.” Tony looks back at her. She’s looking at him with a firm but kind look. She can’t help but smile, and then it’s her who’s looking outside the glass window. When she turns back to Tony, lost somewhere else with his thoughts, she can see a weak smile on him.
All the time Tony had wanted to hear these words from Steve, because there was always the voice in his head, telling him he deserved this. Steve would never have stayed. There’s no one that would stay with him. Of course Steve would be no exception, no matter how good it had felt. It’s Tonys fault.
“Just sit down” Rhodey pressed further and the other man obliged, sitting down on one of the chairs at the table. Rhodey took in another deep breath. “Okay, but first: Please listen to me till the end. I don’t want any misunderstandings to happen. I know it will be hard, but you have to listen, Steve! If you feel like it’s too much tell me and I will take a break but … you have to know everything regarding that matter so no bailing out on me too early.” There was a brief pause.
“Ross found out about the pregnancy, I still don’t know how, he wasn’t showing enough as that it couldn’t be hidden in a hoody and he had scent blockers on. He confronted him about it in one of their meetings and threatened him. That bastard had found out about Clint’s family and their house and was close to finding them, demanding help from Tony. He was talking him right into a panic attack. And all Tony could think about was saving Clint’s Ass and that they couldn’t touch his family. They are innocent after all. By the time they finally noticed something was wrong and called an ambulance it was already too late. His body had a total breakdown. It was trying to save him so … the baby was seen as a parasite and repelled them. Tony woke up about a week later, no longer with the child.”
“Yeah I know. Steve I know. To be honest, I no longer blame you. Because I fucking know we both fucked up. Both of us. But that was bound to happen right? After all we never really – “
“What? That’s all I get?” said man faking a gasp. The others laughed at that and Bruce looked at them betrayed, trying to hide a smile about the slowly lifting tension.
“Sam has already left to reunite with his family, but I do not really have a place to stay for now. Not after I have been apparently gone for five years.” Bucky said.
She wanted to protest but when she imagined herself in his situation, she realized that she would have done the same thing. Not just because they had fought and broke up but also because Steve had clearly chosen Bucky over Tony, that much she did know. She knew it wasn’t in a romantic way, but her brother had told him it had looked like that to Tony. So Tony was trying to push Steve out of his life, thinking he didn’t want him any longer in his either.
“Remember, you have to return the stones in the exact moment you got them, or you’ll open a bunch of nasty alternative realities,” Bruce said.
They were sitting in a large room furnished similar like the living room area in the Avengers compound. There was a big table with chairs, a couch around a big TV and some kind of hobby devices. The décor and colors were way different though. Even though the castle was pretty modern, there were still touches from Wakanda. Carpets rich in color of red interwoven with different kinds of orange, browns and greens. It radiated warmth.
“Well, yes and no.” he took a deep breath and looked at Steve, not judging but more like searching for an encouragement to continue. Steve nodded at him.
“Good” he exhaled. “Good …” Tony turned towards the window for a few seconds before he looked at his friend again. Rhodey knew that look, full with determination and a plan.
She had to admit, the second round had started to make her a little bit more self-conscious. Tony had asked her more questions this time, really good questions, sometimes pointing out even some flaws or improvements she could make. He had grasped everything so fast this round. That man was sucking everything up like a sponge and it scared her a little bit. Because these secrets and tech actually wasn’t supposed to fall into that man’s hand, not that she showed him anything super-secret but …, God dammit, her family had always told her to never get involved with a Stark!
Later, when Steve and Bucky had something to eat, he gets a text from Bruce that tells him that they still need to return the stones to prevent the future and past timelines to collapse.
His thoughts were spiraling at his memories of Steve, when he noticed his racing heartbeat and tensing of his mussels. Symptoms he had learned to notice immediately. Trying to calm himself he took in some deep breaths.
Shuri laughed at that and looked at Tony smirking at her. “Yeah. That’s true. But I can no longer do that if I want to achieve something.” She said after she had calmed down from her laughing.
Steve Rogers was staring out into the distance, watching pink, red, orange and yellow swirling together in a beautiful dance of dusk. The first day of Thanos throwing the whole world in utterly chaos - only with a snap - was coming to an end. And it was only the beginning.
Thor helps him to stand up and gives him a little pat on the shoulder. Steve strokes through his hair gently this time, pushing back the strands of hair that had fallen into his face and ignoring the pain. He lets out a deep breath. Natasha had been right. He did feel a little better but he has not forgiven himself yet. He didn’t know if he could ever but for now, he should better go back to his room. Rhodey had asked him to stay away from Tony for a while. He didn’t know if he could manage that, but if it’s for Tony, he would willingly do that.
. I could have told you guys about Laura and the kids, but I didn’t, and I could have moved back into the fight after Ultron was taken down and moved into the Compound with the rest of you. God knows Wanda tried to convince me to stay.
“Tony?” Rhodey calls, softly, and Tony blinks drowsily as he steps back and stares at his best friend, his eyesight blurry and unfocused like a bad camera lens, and the look of concern in Rhodey’s face is so compassionate and familiar that it aches in Tony’s chest, the sort of comfort only Rhodey could ever give him, in the right measure, at the right time.
of the Winter Soldier’s targets? What he must have felt, when Steve brought him to fight against the Stark’s
, look, and it honestly amuses him to no end. He shakes his head minutely, shifting in his tiny chair, and just to please her, he grabs the cookie and takes a bite, the industrial strawberry flavor exploding in his palate like a bomb made of pure sugar.
, and Steve is about to press her when she merely shrugs and admits, “I guess I needed to make sure you wouldn’t hate him.”
“Alright, alright, sorry, didn’t mean it that way.” Clint raises his hands in the universal sign for surrender. “But you are one crazy bastard, Sam, and don’t act like you don’t know what I’m talking about. We all heard the story. HYDRA put up a manhunt against Cap and you dropped everything and went after him without thinking twice.”
His hands squeeze Pepper’s waist, his thumbs sweeping soft caresses on her ribs through her shirt, feeling the way her chest expands and eases softly with her breath, the
But no. Tony gets up, swaying a little before settling steady on his feet, and takes in a deep breath before letting go of his stomach. He can’t stand up fully straight yet, but it’s fine. He assures Steve he’s fine. He even jokingly asks if he should join the game, smirking, but Steve feels overwhelmed enough to simply give up the game entirely, and quickly makes his way out when he sees Loki coming in, knowing he and Tony are friends and they will be fine, so he can go back to his dorm and groan in shame as loudly as he can.
People scream at him, but they don’t actually try to reach out and cause him harm. Which more than Tony can hope for at this point, and he can’t even be glad about it now.
Rage is what he has, it’s the way of the soldier, and he can push through rage all day, over and over again, he can take the blows and he can fight the fight, and he couldn’t care.
”, just to see what she will say, to see if she will give any hint to what exactly is going on in that head of hers that has her looking at Tony like he is the freakiest thing she has ever seen. And Nebula has seen a lot, he can tell. If Tony somehow managed to fall into the category of things that make Nebula speechless, Tony can’t imagine that whatever she is thinking about him is something good.
, like he’s chewing on the skin unconsciously because of his anxiety. He looks away, thinking, wringing his hands together in a familiar gesture, and after a beat, he sighs and gives Tony a look that speaks of fearful, but understanding agreement, and he whispers:
gotten them right and fixed the ankle joint problem, and the structure is now so lightweight that Rhodey can use it for hours without even feeling any discomfort or restraint.
“C’mon.” He calls to them both, and walks back to the elevator, heading to the landing pad once again, unwilling to stay seated wallowing in misery for one second longer.
And here is the regret you should have felt in that letter of yours. The honest, true kind of regret.
“You too.” Tony replies, because the sheer shock he’s feeling won’t allow him to think of anything else less idiotic to say.
Thor makes a pause. “Yes, I imagine it is. If he were to be honest, we wouldn’t even be having this conversation.”
Suddenly, this doesn’t feel like fighting for their survival anymore. It doesn’t feel like he’s in this room to make this better, to find a way out, all the precedent events and discussion irrelevant face to the reality of what he’s doing, what he’s seeing, like he’s doing it on purpose to tear himself apart from the inside out, for a masochistic game. For a moment, Tony forgets what he’s doing here. He forgets, because all he can focus on is the dreadful feeling of watching his own eyes sweep through the dusty ruins of Titan, watches himself fight, unknowing of the horror that will follow, still believing he could win. Watching himself being naïve once more, to believe and to fail once more, to think himself strong and capable of accomplishing something while he
“Ships don’t create wormholes, they require too much energy. And they’re dangerous. But there are plenty of points in the universe where passages open and let us move from one gate to another faster if you push through them with the right amount of energy.”
As soon as they take a step outside the room, they both raise their eyes and startle, looking around the room to confirm if they are all present. Wanda unconsciously steps closer to Vision, placing her hand on top of his, and Vision turns back to her and gives her a kind, small smile, and Wanda sighs in relief before letting him go.
, and she was a widow, and who knows where all of her friends and co-workers could possibly be in the middle of this mess. She was alone. And that was Tony’s fault – how could he leave her alone in her apartment? He
“Well.” Sam sighs. “Let’s hope he’s feeling…” He makes a vague gesture with his hand, swaying his head from side to side in an overly dramatic manner.
He owes those people to make this right. They all owe it to them, to everyone, to every single person who is still alive; They owe it to them to make this right. As fast as possible, so no one else has to suffer.
He steps out, eventually. He’s not sure when. He’s not sure knowing will make him feel better. Distantly, like it’s an old echo, one whose owner is long gone and now it’s just empty words sounding against damp walls, there’s a voice. A voice that feels like a knife.
He breathes deeply to keep himself controlled, and he knows he must look like an angry bull ready to attack, his chest pushed out in defiance, his expression hard. But Shuri is not intimidated. She is a princess. She is used to not being questioned.
He doesn’t know what Steve’s been up to in his spare time, or how close he got to the Wakandan royalty during his now-not-so-secret escapades, so maybe he does have a point. Maybe the princess’ – Queen now, he shivers – disgust to all Stark brethren is just as strong as her father’s had been, despite T’Challa seemingly not sharing the sentiment, at least from what Tony could tell from his unending professionalism and poise. But it itches, deep, the need to defer to Rogers’ ability to be convincing; No, that’s not it, maybe it’s just the possibility of having to sit still and
“That’s not all.” Bruce argues, raising his eyebrows. “I think trying to destroy the Stones could possibly kill him. I mean – if he destroys one by one, maybe, that would mean there still would be one left, and all six at once, he would have to snap his fingers again. But you don’t
“It’ll be fine.” Tony decides, determined to push through this with dignity. “He’ll get over it. I’ll get over it. It’s – good.”
He still can’t make Tony smile like Rhodes can. He’s still figuring it out, he still has so much to learn about Tony that Rhodes simply
A sob tears itself out of her throat. “Howard, I can’t do this.” She cries, hunching over, covering her face with her hands. “Anthony… my baby,
He nods at her, still a little out of sorts, but Nebula, without breaking her strong gaze, nods back, and Tony gulps to halt any more frenzied words that try to leave his mouth, and forces them to sound calm as he speaks again.
He coughs and coughs and it hurts, his eyes water and he can’t breathe right, and Nebula calls his name in a panicked voice when he starts to go red in the face, exertion and lack of oxygen nearly making him topple, his head fuzzy and unfocused. His throat is completely raw. He tries to blink away the water in his eyes, but they’re the only thing allowing him to see past the thick fog of dust, the absolute dryness of the air, and his stomach hurts so much he can’t stop tearing up even if he wanted to.
his expression seems, how the little light of hope Tony thought was invincible until now flickers softly and then goes completely cold, as if it dies inside him at that very moment.
, but… It’s something.” Sam concedes, shaking his head in an unsure gesture. “Something better than the Raft.”
A ridiculous, softer, naïve part of him thinks it’s emotional, how much he trusts her, and it kind of makes his throat feel a little tight; But the ache in his knees and back still is a very real reminder of the effects of the previous day, of the toll this is taking on him, the glaring consequences of pushing his body and mind to the limit –
“We’ll start with that one.” Tony exhales, steeling himself for the mental and emotional strain that he is sure is about to come.
Tony knows, at least at a certain level, that Lang’s question is reasonable. More than reasonable. It’s, actually, the
Not because Tony is petty or vengeful. No. There is no bitterness in Steve’s heart when he thinks about it. It’s just… how it is. It’s Tony’s nature. He would keep going because he actually believes in the Accords, he has a vision of accountability that he will do anything to see it through, whatever Ross or the UN try to push into his hands, and he will do it even if he only has the support of half of the team.
“I included something for you.” Tony interrupts, already knowing what she will say, because it doesn’t matter. Not right now. “A system of your own. In case… you know.”
He doesn’t know how long he waits. It was probably just for a few minutes, but it felt like hours. He’s not sure. His perception of time is not the best now after so many months on the run, losing himself to a measure of time that is not based on hours or minutes, but on the awareness of the population around them; and now he’s here, in a place where everyone knows who he is and he doesn’t have to hide, he’s definitely feeling thrown off. He tries to breathe in deep and enjoy the sweet aroma of the flowers, to observe the way the sun goes through the paper-thin leaves and reflect on the ground, trying to lose himself in thoughts of hues and tones, but it’s useless.
Tony sighs and leans back to rest against the worktable, turning his back to the video and the prototype of the Gauntlet, for just a moment, needing to clear his vision to clear his thoughts.
The end of the world is stopping them, okay. That’s true. But at this point not even that might be enough to make them stay, Tony doesn’t fucking know. He’s sure having a hard time imagining this could possibly result in anything other than him having to make his plans without counting them in.
“Down the hangar.” Rogers offers, with military efficiency, and for all it’s worth, Tony is unbearably thankful by how easy it is for him to fall back into the priorities, at least this once. “Cameron Klein hasn’t reported anything new on DC. The crowd seems to be gone, but it’s been raining since we left. He says it shows no sign of stopping.”
He’s so furious. He can’t stop it. “Admit it, you made a mistake! You signed your freedom away without thinking about it and you were wrong! Just drop it already!”
“I was just informed. He is moving all Avengers business to the compound, and removing all Stark Industries property from the building, moving it to another location. Across the country, apparently.”
Tony does not move. When Barton leaves, the others deflate slowly, as balloons slowly losing air, the sudden spike in adrenaline way too high for them to comfortably shift back into calm after the explosive exchange, so as their hands go down from defensive positions and they retreat from aggressive stances, they all just… breathe.
“He’s going to bite your head off.” Sam warns, not as an attempt to dissuade him, just as a reminder, because he’s already passing the phone back to Steve. Steve is not sure if he’s talking about the Accords or Siberia, but at this point, it really doesn’t matter.
“He would have to lose.” Nebula growls. “Or come so close to losing that he would rather destroy them than to let his enemy win.”
And they both look at Rogers – and it’s so familiar. It’s so familiar, so instinctual, almost second nature. It’s
Again, he has a point. Tony feels… oddly comforted, at the same time he feels chided, when he realizes he is not the only one second-guessing his decision in partaking this mission. He knows he was the one who suggested it, so if he backs out, it’s the worst kind of hypocrisy; But he is not the only one having
The alarm recedes in volume, though it continues to sound, undoubtedly louder outside the workshop in other to alert the others, but FRIDAY comes in, urgently relaying information:
if that is not one the most awkward and insensitive things Tony has ever said, but… what else can he say, huh? About
he became the Winter Soldier in the first place.” Steve gives a wry smile, and he doesn’t know why, why he gives that tight smile when all he can feel is sorrow. “I sacrificed myself in the Valkyrie with that idea. I woke up,
Rogers stares back at him. He clenches his jaw, beard full but even so not enough to hide the way his nose flares and his mouth twists in distasteful bitterness, and something surges from inside Tony before Rogers can even think to respond, something ugly and crude and rotten, something that has been growing inside him for the past two years and he didn’t even know, a hurt he thought he got over from but apparently not, a wound that he had ignored only to realize now it had festered to the point of agony, and all he can do is to
“I’d rather not.” Barton hisses, but lacking any real heat. “And if Thanos was the one who sent Loki, why would he give him an Infinity Stone? Even if it was inside the scepter? Doesn’t that seem weird, to just hand over one of the strongest weapons in your arsenal to a guy you don’t even know if he can do the job?”
He can’t order FRIDAY to stop. He almost does, the words forming in his mouth on their own accord, swelling in his throat like an aborted scream and filling the spaces between his gums and teeth, threatening to bust, but they never make a sound. He trembles, but he cannot move.
, and Tony lets out an undignified sound of exertion when he practically forces all the air out of his lungs with how tightly she squeezes his ribs.
what he was expecting, so he can’t help the way his eyes wander, curiously, through the piles and rows of books displayed all around, wondering what sort of crazy things must be written in so many pages that seem so thick and old.
“So.” Ms. Carter breathes deeply, as if mentally preparing herself. “What should we do? How can we keep this safe?”
“Everett Ross.” Tony’s brain immediately supplies, and it comes out of his mouth just as fast, the memory clicking with certainty in his head. “Yeah, I remember you. CIA.”
Shuri watches him for a moment, her expression thoughtful, the tilt of her head curious and kind at the same time. “Well… alright then, Captain. You can keep it. It’s
, his throat closing up against an invisible intrusion, throwing him into a coughing fit that makes his entire torso burst into flaring pain once more, feeling like his ribs are piercing his organs, one puncture at the time.
“HYDRA is still out there.” Nick says, as if Tony is being purposefully oblivious. “Look me in the eye and tell me if you think that man is going to let any of them escape, after all he’s been through.”
It’s an exhausting game. Jarvis thought he was past this. That his days as deflector of the truth were over, way behind him, left with no regrets decades ago. As much as he enjoyed working with a few agents and helping Mr. Stark, his life as a butler had been a much needed rest from the unending web of lies and escapades he lived during his youth, and he did not miss that. As much as his duties as a butler had, certainly, surpassed one of a regular butler – he did work for Howard Stark, after all – Jarvis knew the game. He knew the team. And he knew what to do.
“I thought so too.” Clint clears his throat. “But somebody has been really working their ass off trying to change them.”
“No.” Wanda admits, her voice cracking at the end, her English awkward around the heavy notes of her accent laced with grief. “But that’s not an excuse to not apologize.”
“The Reactor.” Steve breathes, quietly, because saying too loud seemed impossible. “Tony is using a Reactor again. How long has he been using it?”
“I love you too.” She murmurs, and her breath on his feels like a branding, burning on his skin, paradoxically, soft and small like the brush of a kiss. “And I don’t regret it, Tony.”
(Tony has never been a skilled biologist. It was meant for stalling, not for healing. It will kill him all the same, but he could make it faster.)
It’s too much for her to hear the promises Tony can never keep. It's too much for him to keep fighting her on this and feeling bad every time he has to break a promise to do what he genuinely feels like It’s his duty – maybe even his
If they separate, he won’t care. He won’t. If Barton leaves, and Natasha follows as she always has, and Rogers turns his back like he always does – Tony will not chase after them.
Pepper, we're reaching the end of your arc. Not quite there yet, but soon. And together with some plot, we'll transition from her piece to the next one in line, a special arc that's going to include more than one character at once. You'll see what I mean when we get there.
In this particular matter, they are too much alike, him and Nat. Steve doesn’t know how he should feel about that.
Steve rubs his eyes, trying to hide his face under his hand, even if for just a second, trying to keep his composure.
” Natasha begs in a strangled voice, body swaying uncertainly, not sure if she should step closer or step
can be used as carriers of the energy of the Stones too, not just objects. Again, also explains the mind control.”
“Nanine compartment.” Tony taps at the triangle-shaped compartment on his chest, and the glass makes a small
as Tony handed her the 200 dollars tip along with the payment, but how could he not – Steve had been sitting there after eating eight goddamned burgers all by himself, the troglodyte, that’s the least Tony could do for her.
“Endangered the team, got it. Where is he? Is-Is he alive?” The pause in Natasha’s voice was telling. “Oh fuck…no, no no, fuck—”
“Nah. Spending the first 25 years of your life chronically ill tends to reduce your ability to hold your drink.” Tony winced in apology. “It’s okay, I had other things to keep me going. Art school. My roommate, Bucky? Not…not sure if I’ve mentioned him before.”
Steve swallowed; brows drawn together. He couldn’t figure out if Tony was alluding to his supposed new prominence as a gay ‘icon’. Hell, he didn’t even know if it was widespread knowledge, and he sure didn’t want to assume anything. “Yeah. Something like that.”
The doctors now seemed twice as concerned about Steve’s condition than before, if that were possible. “He’s spasming—” And he really was. “Defibrillate on three.” Natasha averted her eyes. It felt…undignified to watch such a revered man in his current state. The defibrillator delivered a shock almost too powerful for the body to take. Machines screamed. A phone rang.
Tony’s eyes were impossible to read as he leant back in his chair. He squinted slightly, bringing the whiskey to his lips. “No, you haven’t.”
“Rogers,” Tony chuckled, and Steve allowed himself to peek through his fingers, “It’s okay, don’t freak out. I mean, I
Natasha returned to watching the doctors, who had wrapped Steve in a kind of insulating material – at least it concealed the severity of his state. They lifted his drawn frame with ease onto a wheeled gurney as the jet engines started to grumble, ready for arrival. Brace his head, check his spine, what’s the ECG looking like? Not up to par – prepare for transfer with the hospital team. Nat grabbed her kit bag too, jaw set and lips tight – ever the dutiful soldier. The jet touched the ground, door easing open to reveal a group 15-people strong waiting expectantly for their precious cargo. Thank God Tony wasn’t here yet.
“I hear that.” Steve quirked an eyebrow in curiosity, but Tony’s fixed stare across the room meant ‘no questions asked’.
Glancing up into the mirror, Steve grimaced at the sight of purpling bags under his eyes. The last time he slept was probably…five or six days ago (only thanks to the serum propping him up). To Steve, it had only been a few months since the 1940s, and the drastic culture shock still hadn’t worn off. He splashed some water on his face, relishing the brief moments in which his eyes were closed, in which he could pretend he was anywhere but here.
“Bucky.” Steve rubbed his eyes. He seemed to have little control over what he revealed tonight, so thought it best to just let it all out. “He…I only had him. We never
The voice on the other end cleared its throat, inhaling deeply (but shakily) in hopes of a calming effect. “ICU.”
It took Tony a moment to locate Steve. Beneath the sterility was a prone form, completely lifeless if not for the harmonising heart monitor and ventilator. His face was mannequin-esque, hollowed cheeks blooming red, purple, and black. Lower still: an anatomy sketched with pins, dressings, and cables, fusing the carcass to an alchemy of IVs. Despite the doctors’ best efforts, smudges of blood remained staining white sheets and skin, drawing the eye to lips, chest, and back. But below the brutality lay a serenity – held in Steve’s dark eyelashes, the soft curve of his mouth, and the simple inaction in his fingertips. The ground seemed to sway under Tony’s feet for a second, and he grabbed the bed rail to steady himself. Despite the heart pounding in his chest, he was suddenly overcome with an innate wave of acceptance. He was a Stark – and if a Stark could give Steve the serum in the first place, he could sure as hell figure out a way to do it again. Everything would be alright.
“I’m sorry, Steve.” Surprise crossed Steve’s face – he couldn’t remember the last time Tony had used his first name. “I can’t imagine how rough that must have been.”
“He’s not dead, Tony. He’s just not in a great way,” She craned her neck to see past the crowded gurney, heard a crack and caught a glimpse of bloodied rib, “Really not in a great way.” Nat stood and made her way towards the front of the jet – she had enabled remote flight on entry, knowing Sam wouldn’t be up for piloting. “Prepare yourself. We should be back at the compound in five.”
Steve, still wide-eyed and drinking in his surroundings, nodded. “Yeah. It’s…” He noted the wooden décor, closely-packed barstools, and darkened ornate lights. “…surprisingly nice.”
Steve grimaced. “No…no, he died. Before I went in the ice.” He sipped his whiskey. Just as bad as he remembered.
The two re-entered the building and lurched towards ICU, Rhodey silently cursing the lack of vending machines en route. Natasha would not be happy without her peanut M&M’s. They turned a sterile corner, greeting the awaiting group with polite nods.
“As it stands, Mr Rogers is in a drug-induced coma to reduce swelling on his brain and could be for a week or so. We also have him on a heavy dosage of antibiotics and IV fluids to rehydrate him. The good news is that older pathogen don’t seem to have survived, which means we can rule out TB, flu, fever, sinusitis, and probably stomach ulcers too. Any malicious pathogens will have been picked up in the last few days.” Natasha tried to ignore the venomous grunt coming from the direction of Tony’s shoulders.
“Oh, come on,” Steve received a firm slap on the shoulder, “I bet Cap here can hardly leave the house for fear of death by adoration!” The congregation giggled. A muscle in Steve’s jaw began to twitch.
“Ha. Bucky’s flying out as soon as he can, thinks he can help him cope. Worth a shot, if nothing else,” Sam glanced at the control system, brows furrowed and tired, “We’ve not got a lot left to lose.”
“I’ll find them and have a word if it really means that much to you.” Tony waved a dismissive hand. “They’ll keep quiet. But, worst comes to worst, I think you’ll be amazed how accepting people can be nowadays.”
I firmly believe that no coming out scene between Steve and Tony could EVER happen while either is sane/conscious/sober/otherwise in the right state of mind. Maybe you'll agree somewhat?
the place to cause a scene. Face flushing, he released the arm held tightly in his grip and smoothed out the bottom of his suit jacket.
Tony sucked in a breath, opening his mouth as if to speak, but closed it again. A line formed between his brows as he gazed pointedly at Steve. “Look – I know I can be pretty unbearable at times. I’m sure you’ve found me nothing but irritating since you met me.” Steve gave a half-smile. Tony looked down, almost nervous. “But I’m here for you, whatever you need. Because…it sounds absolutely terrifying, getting used to a new era by yourself.” He glanced up, spreading his arms. “My door is always open.”
There was a beat, filled by the ambling piano and the murmur of the bar crowd. Pulling himself upright, Steve gave a weighted groan. “That’s just the way it was. You kept it locked away, deep inside, and hoped that it never exploded.”
“You look like shit.” The fluorescent lighting deepened the creases of Tony’s forehead lines and eye bags, ageing his greying face.
Steve felt his face flush, heat pricking behind his eyes. Words tried to form, but his closed-up throat just wouldn’t let them out. How the
After what felt like days (but was probably hours), the renaissance painting forming in the hallway was disturbed. Rhodey, who had conjured up a chair, was sprawled outwards – legs akimbo, gently dozing with one arm resting on his friend’s knee. Tony, still on the floor, had merely lolled into the wall - eyes sealed, mouth slack. Natasha was stood (diligent as ever) looking slightly rumpled as she leant backwards too, eyelids wilting at the visible night sky. No natural light filtered through any grand windows; instead, this trio were illuminated only by the soft glow of the ‘Fire Exit’ sign. Green does wonders for the complexion.
“I feel like shit.” Tony leaned against the fencing, rubbing at said wrinkles. “Two weeks ago, he was texting me pictures of a cute dog he saw in the park. Now he probably doesn’t even remember what a text is.” His face shattered as the implications of his half-joke immediately set in. “Rhodey…Rhodey, what if he doesn’t remember anything? What if he doesn’t know who I am?!”
“We were in a relationship,” he mumbled, slowing his words as if begging them not to leave his mouth. Tony leant forward, inclining his head to hear better. “Or as close to a relationship as you could get in those days.”
There was a stretch of silence as Tony stared at Steve, face wrinkling in deep thought. Steve shifted, sipping his water and avoiding eye contact. After a minute or so, Tony inhaled sharply. “Let’s go.”
“Rogers,” hissed a voice from behind him. Steve half-turned in time to catch the glass of water thrust into his hands, “You good?”
Tony squeezed his eyes with his hands, torso spasming as he tried to gasp for air through his silent tears. Rhodey placed a warm hand on his shoulder, rubbing comforting circles. Eventually, Tony’s chokes regulated enough for him to force some words out.
how you’re feeling right now. But I need you to understand that you’re not alone. I’ve lived with that fear, and so has Pepper, and Steve, and half the soldiers I’ve ever met. I’m here to help you through it, to make sure you see the other side – because there
“Don’t. I am warning you.” Natasha held her breath. Tact was one of many tools to her belt, but this was tricky, even for her. A shout of “start chest compressions” emanated across the jet.
“Excuse me?” Natasha shifted her eyes and kicked Rhodey. He jolted awake and, in turn, thumped Tony’s knee to knock some life into him. All three stared hazily at the woman in front of them, who was holding a clipboard and looking overworked. “Hi, my name is Doctor Hobbs, I’ve been monitoring Mr Rogers today. Who is his…next of kin?”
Steve tried to level his racing heart, but to no avail. He opted for a wavering smile instead. “I’m fine. I’m fine.” He sighed, breathing heavy. “I’m fine.”
“Unstable condition, recent witnessed cardiac arrest and acute asthma exacerbation, but now showing signs of life. Anticoagulants administered but this may affect other wounds later in treatment.” The gurney jolted as it made contact with the ramp. “Patient has recently been de-serumed, so experimental tech support will be required – get Doctor Cho on call for that. Eight days out of contact, in which he suffered major injuries to his head, chest and abdomen,” Natasha diverted her eyes as a spike of guilt flared inside, “as well as minor injury to the neck, back, arms, and legs. ICU is the best course of action – an MRI and surgery will both need to be prepped.” A chorus of ‘yes, sir’ echoed as Steve was wheeled away towards the building, passing by a stoic Fury and an unreadable Maria. Neither broke their gaze to look at the crowd.
“Since I got injected. With…with the serum.” Steve swallowed. Tony sucked in a slow breath. “Not for the rest of the world, obviously, but…but I’ve counted the days and—”
“Is that what freaked you out at the gala?” Steve’s eyes flicked up, startled at the accuracy of the remark. “Did someone bring up something from the past? With the internet, it can feel like everyone knows everything.”
“We think…they de-serumed him. Or deactivated its effects – something like that. Whatever HYDRA have been cooking in their caves has worked. And if they have an anti-serum, it’s pretty likely they’ll have the real thing soon.”
“Very well.” The doctor peeled back a sheet on her clipboard. “While Mr Rogers’ condition does seem more balanced, I would be wary of calling it stable. We simply don’t understand the effects the de-seruming has had and doubt we will fully grasp it for years to come.” Rhodey sat up a little straighter.
about how it was, how it is, who you are, what’s gone on – I just—” Steve stopped himself, regaining a scrap of military-bred composure. “The papers are right. I don’t fit here. I’m a man out of time.”
know. It’s nothing more than cheap hearsay, honestly.” He sat forward. “If you’re not ready to tell the world then it’s not their business. But…I am pleased you’ve told someone.” The corners of his mouth lifted as he swallowed more whiskey. Steve, meanwhile, was not
individual assignments – especially ones as important as this! Did you not think finding Steve shrivelled up in a cell might compromise me more than just telling me in the first place?” He stopped a foot away from the pair, and Nat followed him off the aircraft. “Man, that was a
“Stark, we can’t just—” But Tony was already deep within the gala crowds, leaving no choice but to follow. He ploughed through the masses with an expertise mastered by few, nodding and waving when appropriate, until he caught Happy at the exit.
Spencer raised an eyebrow. “You’re gay, right? You’re, like, some huge figure in LGBT history, being in the public eye and all that. Did…did you not know?” He grabbed a towel, glancing towards his friend in confusion. “I remember going to that reconstruction of your Brooklyn apartment as a kid – two guys sharing one bed? Didn’t take long for baby closeted me to figure that one out…”
. Just—sorry, I—I didn’t mean to—ugh.” Steve pawed at his cheeks, dropping his head as to make it unreadable. Tony sighed, mouth opening and closing as he tried to find the right words.
“Oh, shit, sorry!” A short brunette stumbled out of a stall, knocking into Steve’s side as he gripped onto the sink for stability. “It’s these shoes, man, I can’t get used to them!” The man proceeded to wash his hands and chuckle to himself, seemingly oblivious to Steve’s wide-eyed stare.
“Okay, this is so not my forte, but…” He pinched at the base of his neck. “I remember, way back when, getting the radio that your convoy had been attacked. In Afghanistan, I mean.” He swallowed. In the distance a bird called, low and sustained. “And that cold, cold fear that shoots through you. Right to your gut. And then the months after, insisting you were still alive, searching every corner of that desert I could find – not letting myself grieve because that would make it
Sam Wilson, shoved to the side a while ago, could only stand by helplessly. When Fury came to him with a recon mission, this was not what he expected to drag back out.
Sam had one fucking job. “I’m guessing you’ve seen him. I’m coming down.” The elevator doors slipped shut. Floor Three. “Are you…um, okay?”
“Get him on the med bay – we’re going to need a pulse oximeter, ECG, blood pressure – someone get a cannula set up—”
“No, no, just…get him away from the landing pad, make sure he doesn’t follow the docs into ICU,” She scratched the back of her neck, “Let them clean him up first.”
“Nah, not an option. Up.” Natasha smirked as Tony was pulled to his feet, steadied slightly as his numb legs nearly gave way, and gently encouraged down the corridor.
Two whiskeys were placed down between the men, and Tony gave a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. “So. You go to a lot of these places growing up?”
The skeletal body hauled up onto the gurney looked alien in form, translucent skin scarcely veiling bone.
Gala night. A few months after New York, to celebrate the reopening of a children’s hospital. Naturally, Tony Stark and Steve Rogers were roped in to flash a smile, cut a ribbon, and sign a photo or two. Dr Banner was last spotted near the swanky buffet, trying to tell the difference between a “salted potato round” and the chips he ate on the subway last night. Unfortunately, the god of thunder had made a swift return to his hometown, while the two darkened figures from the battle had been deemed “classified”. After the ceremony, civilians, superhumans, and journalists alike mingled to the benign violin tones circling the room. For Steve, it was all a little…much.
beginning to wonder if the rumors were true—” Steve’s face creased in fear, so Tony quickly corrected himself. “—Hey, people don’t
The rest of the journey was filled with a stretching distance between the two. The bustle of late-night New York harmonised with the quiet hum of the engine, providing ample accompaniment for the otherwise empty silence. After a few minutes, the taxi ground to a halt outside a dim bar front.
“We’re landing in a minute, grab your stuff.” Sam pushed a comms pack in Natasha’s direction. “I’m headed straight to the airport, so you’re on debrief duty with Fury. I’d
happy drove them all home, picking up cook out for everyone, including himself. when they got to the compound, all three of them thanked him profusely, and for the first time in his whole life, peter was sure happy was smiling a little.
bucky moaned, finally clued in as to what they were saying. "oh, fuck. i'll make you happy, steve," tony said, kissing bucky sharply. "steve?" the omniscient super soldier reprimanded. "sorry, sir," tony replied shamefully, and steve nodded in approval.
tony smirked in peter's direction. "he did, did he? well, if i'm being completely honest, i think he'd be an amazing fit for you, baby." peter smiled, hugging tony, lifting him off of the ground a little. "thank you, dad!" peter exclaimed. "i thought you were lying to make me feel better earlier."
"good lord! that was graphic!" tony shouted, his papa bear showing. "dad, it was fine! i'm a consenting adult!" peter replied, and bucky looked confused.
tony opened and closed his mouth over and over again, trying to think of something to say. “i don’t know how to feel,” he said, taking peter’s hand. “but i know that he would be good for you, peter.”
"i thought you were gay?" lillian asked, giving someone else her dinner. "what?" peter asked. "you kissed james barnes. you're not gay?" vincent asked. "how the fuck was i not there?" ned exclaimed. "i'm bisexual. i like boys and girls," peter explained. "gay is a spectrum."
bucky smiled a ridiculous smile, and steve paused his kissing on bucky's neck to bite his shoulder. "let it rip," steve mumbled, his hands on bucky's toned chest, feeling around.
after about thirty minutes of investigating the public parts of the compound, the four of them ended up in the lab's lobbies. "well, sorry gang, guess we're not getting any-."
"turn off your fucking alarm, i'm up!" wade yelled from the sleeper sofa, sitting up and rubbing his eyes. "you don't look like it to me, fuck face," mj said, going into the bathroom to change. "never mind her. i brought food here so we can eat on the way to the module," ned said, setting a platter of croissants and brioche on the coffee table.
"if at any time we do need help, i've got two original sources downstairs," he said, and they began to work.
everyone took turns punching nat and clint's hands, a little bit bored of what they were doing. "now, kicks," natasha said, demonstrating with a high kick way above her head. "i assume you stretched before this. first person up."
peter felt a swell of pride. "well, i'm glad," he said, resting his hand on bucky's head. they sat like that for a while, until bucky leaned up to kiss peter.
he made around in time, but the door was locked, and thor was exercising with music blasting through the speakers. peter banged on the door, but to no avail. he could hear the teacher curving around the building, so he just decided to bust the door open.
"oh, just some new upgrades for the spiderman suit," bruce looked apologetic. "also, pepper potts and tony will be down to answer any questions."
both lillian and vincent "oh"-ed before returning to their other conversations. "look at you, coming out to all these people!" mj said, smiling. "it's not exactly like i'm hiding it," peter laughed, starting to eat his food. "still, it's not that easy for other people, peter. i'm proud of you."
the closet door opened, and in the doorway stood bucky. "hey, sweetheart. i've been looking for you. the quinjet is ready for you," bucky said, holding his hand out so peter could get up. peter didn't accept the offer.
"that was serious!" peter exclaimed. bucky tried to catch his breath as he straddled the bench press directly across from peter. "i'm sure it was," he said, smiling at peter, who was pouting. "oh come on!" bucky shouted, throwing his hands up in the air. all of the sudden, he had this sort of smirk on his face. "don't you dare," peter said, pointing his finger in bucky's face.
"if i remember correctly, we almost did do this," steve said lowly, nipping behind bucky's ear. "with who?" tony demanded.
“hello, sir,” peter said, sticking his hand out for fury to shake, but fury just stared at him. “are you aware that the man who chases you last night is a hydra spy?” he asked, and peter out his hand down.
"peter, you need to find tony and steve right now. i can hold him off for a little bit," thor said, and peter nodded, rushing off into the house.
everyone was in some sort of shorts and tee shirt combo, and mj's hair was pulled up into a top knot. she looked poised and very much adjusted to the environment with her long, skinny legs and her gymnastics background. everyone else looked a little out of place.
"bring him up- stand up and do it there... against the sun," steve said. bucky stopped, still in tony, and cradled him. he stood up, back to the window so the sun would be setting behind them, and continued his thrusts, slowly gaining speed.
"my family is so dysfunctional," peter said to himself, turning to look at bruce who was eating his dinner peacefully. "thank you for being my one sane family member." bruce laughed a little. "as long as i don't hulk out, i'm there for you, peter. would it help if i signed your permission slip?"
"this has taken too long. i love you, and i love you, tony. and i love us, together. take him, bucky," steve said. bucky kissed him, too. "i will. however you'd like, okay?"
"i've been busy! i told pepper to tell you!" tony exclaimed, and peter sighed. "i forgot none of you had normal lives," he hissed, excusing himself to clear his plate. everyone was cautious to speak until he left.
bucky started to stir, but peter gently rubbed his head. this was peter's allotted "phone time" before school so that he could slowly wake up and catch up on his homework or things he may have missed in his friend's lives.
"so, usually, you run quantum physics with multiple probabilities, but if we know the definite spot  ant man is in, then what do we do?" hope asked the class. mj raised her hand and was called on. "we use classical mechanics. there's no need to use quantum if we know where he is in the space-time continuum," she said simply, and hope beamed. "correct. can you tell me why?"
"i'm sorry," he said, laughing away his crying voice. "don't be, baby. you'll always have self doubt, and that's what i'm here for. i will always be there for you," tony said.
the group made their way to their last module of the day- sparring and espionage with natasha and clint. they were instructed to bring workout clothes with them, which were shoved down into the far reaches of their bags underneath all of the physics notes.
"i'm sorry, what?" happy said, taking his hands off the wheel as he faced peter. peter almost had a heart attack until he remembered that after the last incident, tony made happy take the self-driving tesla.
peter snapped back to reality and leaned his head on mj’s shoulder. “maybe having kids isn’t all that bad.”
"jesus fucking christ," peter said, dropping his tray onto a table in the dining hall and sitting down. wade, flash, and adrianna from miles’ group were trying to get mj's notes because they fell asleep. "why did natasha keep us an hour later? we didn't do anything special," peter complained. "dunno, but she's fucking hot," wade commented, giving up on asking for the notes.
mj gave her information to hope as ned held her waist to keep her upright. after it was all done, mj jumped to hug ned. "oh my god! this is so exciting!" she squealed, and he twirled her around a little. "i'm so happy for you!" he exclaimed, and set her down. she smashed her lips against his in an adrenaline rush, and ned's eyes flew open. they fluttered shut as he put his hands on the sides of her cheeks and kissed back.
peter ripped back the covers to see, gratefully, he had pajama shorts on, so they probably hadn't done anything last night. he let out a sigh of relief before a couple of light bruises caught his eye. there was a set from bucky's hands on his hips and a set on his thighs from that same man's too-good mouth.
"take me slowly," tony said. "take me slowly, gently, and make sure he can see." bucky didn't have to be told twice as he laid tony down. he caged himself over the genius, looking at steve. "can you see?"
mj, ned, and peter stopped at hope's desk before they left; vincent and wade were leaning up against the door talking. flash's and miles' groups had already left. "you wanted to see me?" mj asked, stuffing her notebook in her "marie curie wouldn't treat me this way" bag. "i like your bag," hank pointed, making her blush. "thank you, sir. my mom gave it to me."
bucky slowly stopped, but his hands were still on peter's hips. there was a very long pause, and then they looked in to each other's eyes slowly. they both leaned in, their breath mixing in the small amount of space that was available.
"i hope your dad doesn't think i'm just going to break your heart," he mumbled, and peter laughed endearingly. he put a hand on bucky's cheek, smiling. "he doesn't, i promise you. we've talked," he said, kissing bucky chastely.
peter sat alone at his desk in his room, staring at nothing. all of these feelings were floating around inside his head, and it was driving him crazy. he couldn’t do his homework, he couldn't read, and he wasn't even thinking about going to the labs, as he would just put himself and others in danger if he lost focus. he decided instead to find tony, hoping to be able to talk to him about it.
hoards of peter's very distant acquaintances stood outside of the grounds of his not-home (for the weekend, of course). all of the teachers were at the front, talking amongst themselves, probably waiting for tony to kick the event off.
"it's just about what the allies were doing before we joined the war," peter explained, reaching in to his binder to grab a worksheet. "well, they were fighting, i guess. if we're focusing on the american part of the war, we weren't given much information until pearl harbor happened. my japenese neighbor was detained because nypd thought he would start to plan an attack on new york."
they leaned in to kiss each other again, and again, and quite a few times, actually, before steve walked in frantically from the lab/office entrance. "oh, sorry, peter, buck," he said, and the couple pulled apart quickly. "i was just looking for your dad, bud," steve said, a little winded.
peter had calmed down enough that his eyes were starting to flutter shut. “you said i love you,” he mumbled, smiling slightly. bucky spluttered to defend himself, but peter cut him off. “it’s okay, buck. i love you too.” peter kissed him gently before leaning on to his shoulder and falling asleep.
bucky grabbed tony's thighs like he was going to pick him up, and tony jumped into bucky's arms. bucky carried tony until the smaller was crowded into the wall. "can i kiss you?" he whispered. "fuck yes," tony said, wrapping his arms behind bucky's head.
," nat said, shoveling more of her beef stroganoff in her mouth, picking up bucky's golubtsy (with a romanian-american kick, as he said, but what he meant was that it was really spicy).
"time to go!" peter yelled, and they both jumped away. everyone started to walk towards the door, but peter was the last out and signed i love you in asl to the three of them, who signed it back.
"hey, peter! how was your day?" steve asked brightly. "for the most part, it was okay. except for this," he said, sliding his permission slip across the table for tony to read. "oh shit, i forgot you were in this program," he laughed. "it's not funny!" peter insisted. "what do i do?"
"bucky, the window," he said, and bucky just smiled and laughed. "your boy is a hell of a man," bucky groaned, picking tony up again and pushing him against the glass.
"jesus fuck, you're a great dad. you're literally the best," peter smiled, taking a bite of his food. "i'm glad you think so; i really do try," tony smiled back. they finished their food quickly and said their goodbyes as peter headed off to where he would be sleeping for the weekend.
peter mushed their lips together hungrily. "like this?" he asked, nipping in to bucky's neck lightly. he held in a groan, but pressed him and peter's hips together. he smirked a let peter down from his grip. "like that. go get ready for school, wild one."
"so, peter, are you gonna show us anything cool today?" vincent asked. "not any more than dr. banner or dr. van dyne will," he deadpanned, opening the door to the lobby of the labs.
steve dressed himself, then tony, and watched bucky help himself. "what are we going to do for the next," bucky checked tony's watch," half hour?"
"i still think i'm falcon's favorite," mj shrugged. "i think i'm the winter soldier's favorite," lillian swooned. "he intercepted after me, i think i'm his favorite," vincent pouted, throwing himself on to the pull out bed next to wade. peter just snorted.
"when i take your shirt off, doll," bucky started, pausing to kiss tony's neck loudly and sloppily. tony moaned, and steve rutted up against bucky. "you'll be naked, out on show for everyone. but you'll be stevie and i's slut. is that what you want?" bucky asked.
flash looked a little bit nervous for a second; after all, bucky's name was still synonymous with jfk's assassination and most of the public still thought the winter soldier bombed the un building. flash's cool demeanor returned, and his smug smirk came back. "james barnes? he chauffeurs now? or you're just a worse liar than i thought...?" flash laughed, walking off to his table of friends.
he handed peter the signed permission slip, but kept the pen. peter jumped to give happy a hug, who hugged back reluctantly. "it's really no problem, kid," happy said, taking back control of the car.
he chose snl, a classic. half way through the episode, he started to feel sleepy. he decided that closing his eyes couldn't hurt, and soon enough, he was out like a light.
"as kind as that is, you are one of the panel members, so that won't help either," peter said. "i am?" bruce asked, staring tony down. "that's news to me."
"uh, tony?" steve asked. "sorry, i don't know what got into me," he said, trying to reverse what he did. he frantically pushed the red button over and over again, trying to reverse it, but to no avail.
"let the poor man sleep and make out?" steve shrugged. bucky smirked and leaned in for a kiss before they heard the elevator door ding open. "you could've just asked me, sirs," jarvis said. "jarvis! did you...hear all of that?" steve exclaimed, rubbing a sleepy tony's back. bucky grabbed his boxers with a stern look towards the walls.
“pretty good, how about you?” peter asked, but happy just took off down the street without replying. “oh, sorry, i forgot you can’t say anything. well, i still hope it was a good one.”
is our first date," peter said, pointing to the ground. "are we still on for tomorrow?" bucky asked, pulling the meats and vegetables out of the fridge. peter smiled softly and bit his lip. "of course, buck. i'll do anything with you.”
“i love you guys,” peter said, leaning his head back against the window. “we love you too, peter,” mj smiled, patting his foot.
"please don't call me bud, i'm an adult and you're not my young step mother. have you checked the labs?"
the bus ride over to the compound was uneventful, aside from the "flirting" vincent was doing. peter didn't really believe mj, but he kind of just wanted to stop him and tell him he was seeing someone.
"so yeah, if i ever go missing during a trip, i'm going to be with bucky somewhere," peter said, shrugging. he pulled on his gym shorts again, trying to cover the hickeys before ned or mj saw.
"steve, babe. could you help me with something?" tony called with the voice he knew would get him anything from steve.
he poked his head back in, smirking. "dinner friday? my treat." peter laughed, but agreed, and bucky took his leave. peter was left, sitting and grinning like a mad man. “a date,” he announced to no one. throwing himself back on his bed. “a date.”
at that, peter snorted. "that hasn't really changed. i'm glad dad is pansexual for a lot of reasons, but the two big ones are he's not going to disown me for being bisexual and he helped me realize that i'm bi." bucky nodded slowly.
school had since ended, and it was time to start packing up for college. m.i.t. isn't as close as midtown high. tony had already bought an apartment big enough for him and a guest, or guests (ned and mj insisted on staying at least once a week) in boston.
"well, hype me up, pete," wade smiled, pushing him playfully. peter laughed loudly. "she would never date a high school guy. trust me, i tried," peter said.
"i'm proud," she said definitely, throwing him a look. "okay, okay. thank you, mj," he said, smiling a little. "you're welcome," she said, leaning her head on to ned's shoulder.
"how long was i out?" peter groaned, stretching. "dinners almost done, so for about three hours?" tony replied, brushing hair out of peter's face. "oh. i'll go wash up and be right down."
tony, on the other hand, had completely taken bucky into his mouth, hyper focused on delivering a great blowjob without the man above him blowing his load, and that's as crude as he could say it or he might end up that way as well.
tony smirked a little, then went to give peter a hug. "that's my boy," he said, clapping peter's back. peter laughed a little, smiling again. "thanks dad. we're gonna-."
"kissin' you is a sin, doll," bucky muttered breathlessly. "good to be of service," tony replied, arching his back slightly, also breathing heavily.
"hey, peter," he smiled, leaning on to the cool metal of the fridge. peter, who was sitting on the counter with his head in a cabinet, tried to pull away but bonked his head on the door and mumbled a small," hi, buck."
"fuck," peter mumbled, letting his head lull back onto bucky's shoulder. "yeah, yeah it is. it starts tonight... we have a date planned, fuck!" peter said, and then he started yelling profanities. he was pacing around the room as bucky watched with wary eyes.
bucky didn't have anything to say. "i'm sorry, i just feel like because i'm leaving, we have to break up. i'm not going to hold you back from someone like nat, or clint," peter shrugged, and bucky wiped his tears.
bucky whipped around, going to rip into steve. "what do you think you're doing?" he asked, his hands off of tony, who was holding on to him, kissing him, and touching him all over.
"he's here, sir," she said, and the crowd parted so she could point to peter. he blushed, and waved at him from a few hundred feet away. "hey, tony," he said, and tony beamed, which shocked everyone. "kid! c'mere, bud!" he exclaimed, holding his arms up. peter walked in to the hug, and he could hear flash screaming from in the masses.
"i fucking hate him," mj said. "i really do. please tell mr. stark to make flash look like an asshole this weekend." peter smiled deviously. "already done, mj. already done."
"dad! dad! steve!" peter shouted, running through the living room, the kitchen, and finally found them in tony's room watching tv. "peter? what's wrong?" steve asked, standing up to go hug peter. tony looked like he was about to do the same thing, but was shocked, yet a little happy, when steve did it first.
"i don't care if you were getting dicked down or not! i need to talk to you," peter yelled, not waiting for any response before he grabbed tony's wrist and pulled him out of the compound.
bucky got the nerve to kiss peter, lips colliding in a gentle mush. peter moved his hands to bucky's jaw, feeling the sharp contour lines beneath his fingers. they kissed for what felt like a lifetime, until they both (more so peter) ran out of breath.
"then fuck me like one," tony said, and bucky felt weak in the knees. he looked back to steve to see if he had any objections, but he simply squeezed bucky's butt and said," be my guest."
it only took a couple of hours to complete the project, which was good because it was due tomorrow and tony told peter that ned and mj couldn't stay for dinner.
"well, good luck with that," peter smiled, standing in front of his dad. tony smiled brightly, putting his hands on the sides of peter's head, kissing his crown gently. "you're such a good person. i love you, peter. thank you for putting up with my shit," tony smiled.
bucky pulled away from steve to look down at tony. "look, doll," bucky said. "i can't keep leaning over to kiss you." tony frowned, but steve seemed to be catching up.
"not really. it's just for security. someone is going to have to escort the rest of the groups down here- someone who has voice recognition," he said, setting his hand on the fingerprint reader, typed in a code on a keypad, and then said his full name out loud before the door opened.  "that's a load of bullshit, but okay," wade replied, tagging behind everyone else as they filed in to the viewing hallways of the labs.
"shut the hell up," bucky mumbled, pulling away from steve. he only let go of the hold on steve's neck after he had agreed. bucky walked back over to tony, who was still watching his boyfriend gasp for air, licking his lips in bucky's direction.
they walked to class together, the whispering not stopping. "why are they talking about you today?" mj asked, sitting down in her seat, turning around to face the boys. "happy started using the tesla," ned said excitedly.
"ya know, my mom told me to behave on this trip before we left," vincent said, laughing. "isn't it sacrilegious to behave on field trips?" peter replied, smiling a little at the other as they exited the bus. "i guess it is, oh wise wizard."
their group was paired with two other groups, flash's group, and another group with peter's kinda-friend miles. their meeting site was outside in the greens, close to where peter had told tony about bucky.
"not at all... fuck me up the wall. hard. please?" tony said, and bucky felt weak in the knees. "your wish is my command, princess," bucky groaned, and steve made a noise again.
bucky flat out laughed, as in doubled over laughter. "favorite person here?" bucky replied. a pit formed in peter's stomach and lillian looked hopeful. "you're my favorite person ever," he said, pulling peter in for a kiss.
"hey, buck," peter said as he closed the door and locked it. "hey, peter. what's up?" he asked, dropping down to the floor and took a swig of his water.
ned and mj started a conversation with vincent and wade so peter could talk to bruce. "what the fuck, brucie?" peter said. (it was a stupid name, he knew, but it was the name tony fed to bruce when he was adopted as a little kid).
peter smiled at tony, then began to cry. "oh, peter," tony said, wrapping peter up into a big hug. peter let himself cry into tony's shoulder. "what's wrong, baby?"
"got a rubber?" bucky mumbled, asking the vague question to anyone in the elevator. "don't care enough for one. no lube is fine too," the genius said, breathing heavily. "just take me."
"why did you take you hands off of him?" steve challenged right back. bucky pushes tony off to charge up into the blonde's face. "are you questioning me?" bucky roared, and tony felt dread. he hoped steve wouldn't open his fat mouth right now-," well, what are you going to do about it, asshole?"
bucky put his hands on peter's hips, peter puts his hands around bucky's neck, and they made out for a while. peter even climbed in to bucky's lap. all of the sudden, tony barged in, making peter jump off of bucky's lap as fast as he could, and onto the wall, apparently.
when they got to the compound, happy dropped peter off near the lab entrance. “thank you so much again, happy,” peter said, grabbing his bag and leaning down to talk. “it’s no problem, kid. see you tomorrow,” happy said. “see you tomorrow,” peter replied, closing the door. he watched as happy disappeared before heading inside. “see you tomorrow.”
"always," tony panted, biting his lip. "you've done this before, haven't you?" bucky asked, grinding back on steve. the only responses he got were moans, and he chuckled. "little kinky bastards."
“ahem, is this thing on? oh, yeah, okay. to all of you students here right now- you’re here for a reason. you worked hard, you got into the academy, you kept your grades up, and you had  the will to keep going. the one thing i didn’t have when i was your age? your perseverance. as embarrassing as it is to say, i was ready to throw my life away, even after taking over stark industries. you have the power to create new and exciting things, simply because you want to. i’m going to go ahead and jumpstart that process by offering all of you the cost of your tuition at any technological university you get in to. i’m going to pay every single penny for you to get your education and give back to society. thank you for joining us this weekend, and i hope you enjoy college!”
ned joined him at the stairs to the front door. "hey, man! how's happy?" he said, tugging on his backpack strings. "he signed my permission slip," peter smiled as they rounded to their lockers where they met mj. "hey losers. are you going to that trip to stark tower this weekend?" she asked, and peter nodded. he started shoving stuff in his locker.
"peter! why are you here?" thor exclaimed, the music stopping. "there's someone after me," he panted, pointing out to the greens. "you aren't fooling anybody, peter!" the man exclaimed, and thor rushed to close the door.
peter thanked happy for the ride home and stepped out of the car. he decided to go up the back path to the gym where bucky would most likely be, partly because he was one of peter's best friends and partly because he needed help on one of his history assignments.
"whatcha making?" peter asked, trying to look over bucky's shoulder. "what's your favorite food?" bucky replied, turning on the faucet to start to wash the pans. "are you making
bucky leaned in slowly, almost touching tony's lips. tony grabbed the collar of his shirt and kissed him deeply, moving his hands to rest them on the sides of bucky's face, close to his neck.
it’s short, i know. this is sadly the end of the series, but be on the lookout for more works of mine. 6 MONTHS AFTER THE FIELD TRIP.
“well, we did say i love you for the first time,” he shrugged, and she pushed his shoulder playfully. “that’s a big deal, parker! way to go!” she said, nodding. “thanks,” he mumbled, blushing. ned came back quickly. “hey, mr. stark is about to make a speech,” ned said, handing peter and mj water bottles.
mj blushed lightly. "no, i'm not jealous," she sputtered, but it was a little obvious she was lying. ned blushed as well, while peter was snickering. "peter kissed james barnes!" mj and peter started to talk at the and time.
"i went to ask him for help with history homework, and he kind of did, in a way. then we were joking around, and- and- he kissed me, and i kissed him, and we were kissing, and it was my first kiss, and i loved it. and then we stopped and then he looked upset so kissed him for what i assume would be the last time and i ran and now i don't know how i feel or how he feels, but i really hope he likes me because dad, i think i'm falling in love with bucky barnes."
"it's still so cool that you get to call him tony," ned said. "well yeah, he's my dad. i actually call him dad more than i call him tony," peter smiled. all three of them burst into uncontrollable laughter, not stopping even after they were yelled at.
"i think i have gotten luckier. one of them likes me," peter said, scribbling the rest of the notes down before handing ned his paper. "so, how's it going with mj?"
peter dragged himself up the stairs, ready to start his homework. "hey, peter," wanda called from behind him. he turned to look at her, but she was already in front of him, opening the door to his room. "what's taking you so long?" he laughed, running up the rest of the way.
they went to do so, and only peter was the one to hit all the marks. ned didn't because he was hemming and hawing, and mj didn't because she was trying too hard. "good. now for blocking. everyone get in their groups and circle up. you'll be either punching or kicking the person next to you, and they have to block it. this is a punching block," she said, demonstrating, "and this is a kicking block," she demonstrated again. the rest of the class was a blur to peter, who thought it was unfair he was training on his day off.
"i didn't choose to go over it, tony did. he said the upgrades to the suit were the only things he could reveal to the public right now. take it up with him!" bruce replied, handing out pamphlets about what they'd be talking about.
"how are you going to kiss me then? you are going to kiss me," tony said, crossing his arms. "do you trust me?" bucky asked. "with my life," tony replied.
when bucky noticed the tears in peter's eyes, he sat down on the closet floor and pulled peter into his lap. "hey, doll, what's wrong?" he asked, and peter just sobbed into his shoulder. bucky ran his hands through the teen's hair, shushing him sweetly.
"yeah, pete. you're fucked," clint said, his mouth full of both of the dishes made for dinner. "manners, clint. manners," thor said, shoving a whole golubtsy in his mouth.
like clockwork, his boyfriend was at his side. "what do you need, tony?" he asked, smiling brightly. tony brushed a hand up on steve's cheek, then leaned up to kiss him softly.
"really, we told you to stop talking," peter mumbled, making the groups laugh. steve looked extremely uncomfortable, probably because flash might've triggered him and/or because he was gay and dating peter's dad (even though nobody knew).
tony was dumbfounded and turned on all at the same time. he stood up as well, trying to squeeze himself between the two, not wanting to be left out.
peter smiled at his friends, extremely happy for them. “i’m glad you both got something this weekend,” he said, nodding. “oh, did you do anything with bucky?” mj asked, letting go of ned’s hand as he went to get a drink.
“you stopped playing with us to kiss daddy?” their daughter asked, then fake gagged. bucky tickled her a little, smiling as her said,” yes i did! i needed a break and i wanted to be with daddy!” she squealed with laughter, trying to get bucky to stop. “papa, play with us!” she said, pulling in his hand. he groaned and stood up. “fine princess. but you better get a head start!” he exclaimed, and both of their kids ran off with cheers, and the puppy followed, happy to be doing something again.
ned pulled on his collar. "not too great, pete, not too great. i'm just so shy and so scared i'm going to fuck up all of our friendships," ned replied, putting his head in his hands. "you'll be okay, ned. i'm pretty sure she can't say no to you," peter said, shoving ned's shoulder playfully.
"bucky, please," tony managed. bucky was going a little too slow, and tony did not appreciate it. "i'm taking my time, doll. unless it's not what you want?" the tallest hummed, pulling away completely. tony whined.
"how did you realize you were bisexual?" bucky asked. "simple. i had a crush on both ned and mj. i told dad and he basically said 'hey, you're gay as fuck, but you also like girls. no biggie, you just joined the club.'," peter smiled.
"we gotta slide these pants off, doll," bucky mumbled, kissing up tony's chest as he shimmied the slacks down the shortest's legs. "it's so cold on this wall," tony complained, and steve got an idea.
his super soldier boyfriend was 6'2, and his super soldier boyfriend's best friend (who also just so happened to be a super soldier too) was 6'3.
peter's spidey senses were tingling, but he gestured for bucky to sit anyways. there was a very awkward silence; the two staring off in to space, or anywhere but each other, really. "we kissed," bucky finally said. "yeah, we did."
"okay, that's enough, flash," lillian said, hitting his arm. "i'm curious. was it hard getting adjusted to new customs? gays? trans people?" flash continued. "shut the fuck up, dude," vincent said.
"here's one. what's it like to work in the tower?" mj said loudly. "glad to answer,  sweetie," sam said, still chuckling.
"there he is! fucking ask him, peter!" lillian whisper-yelled. "hey, buck. i have a question for you," peter said sheepishly. with a small smile, bucky nodded in the way peter knew meant continue. "am i your favorite person here?"
"good afternoon class, my name is natalia. this is clinton. today we're going to teach you a little bit of self defense and how to keep yourself safe, especially in times like these," she said. her hair was sharply and freshly chopped to her jawline, dyed back to her natural red. she was wearing a leotard, tights, and pointe shoes. clint was wearing a tank top and sweatpants.
"she's off the table," peter said, taking his water bottle, and giving him a brownie. "with who, clinton?" wade replied, making fun of clint as he ate his food. "i honestly don't know. other interns try to flirt with her and she just shuts them out, which she would never do if she was single."
ned went into the bathroom to change as everyone else packed their day bags- water, notebooks, and pencils. nobody was going to let a single drop of information slip away.
"christ," steve mumbled, shifting to adjust himself as he stared at the scene before him. bucky thrusted his hips up, tony reciprocated with a moan, and steve lost it.
peter laughed as he wiped away tears, smiling at him and bucky so happy. there was one last picture in his camera roll which he didn't know existed and was intrigued by.
the next day at school was interesting, to say the least. it was thursday, and everyone was buzzing with excitement about the trip. even ned and mj, who had been to peter's house, were freaking out. peter was the only one who wasn't, and everyone was starting to become suspicious.
“I have to.” He adds. “I have failed him all these past years and could not keep the promise I made him.”
“Well, I haven’t quite been right and went too far, yes, but he tried to kill Bucky!” Steve answered rather calmly.
“a – and then there was Peter and he is so adorable. Really. And I was so afraid and now he’s gone too.” Tony could feel the tears in his eyes again.
“Steve! Wait.” The Alpha didn’t stop. “This last part is important, please listen!” he tried once more and the Alpha came to a stop without turning around.
Natasha wanted to go after her friend when Thor offered to accompany her. She wanted to talk to Steve alone but Thor had a good argument, she didn’t know if she could handle an angry and broken Steve, taken over by his Alpha instinct. His scent was even strong for her to smell. They were on their way to the training room, where Steve had spent most of his time back then. She was almost certain that they would find him there.
“Don’t. We should gather with the others.” He simply turns and they follow him back into the castle.
Tony knows that both of them are aware of their mistakes but he would never admit that out loud. Well, that
Tony’s funeral and his last message brought up a lot of grief and guilt. But knowing that he would see Tony alive soon, helped him through it.
Rhodey sighed. He had to admit he was enjoying Steve’s distress way too much. After all the shit Tony had to go through these last years, the helplessness in Tony’s eyes …, he understood their fallout about the accords but couldn’t understand Steve’s actions as Tony’s friend and lover, and being Tony’s best friend himself, how could he not be angry? Shame flooded over him, this was not the time for such thoughts, hell, he had said it himself, no misunderstandings. So as Steve started to come to his own conclusions he intervened.
He lets them both lead him away and finds himself in front of the doorstep of the place he had officially stayed in when he wasn’t on the compound.
“But it doesn’t work!” Shuri finally decides to say, because that was a fact. His notes were good but they did not work.
we could win but I already have an idea. And for this plan to work we’ll need her help.” Tony pointed towards Shuri.
“Seems like you will have to face him” she says to the rogue. He looks at her a little worried and turns toward Rhodey.
“You still love him don’t you?” Shuri watched Tonys eyes flicker again before he turned towards the glass wall once more, bouncing his leg up and down, and his body language screaming that he was nervous.
“No Tony, I … I hurt you. Oh God I- I rammed my shield into your arc reactor. It used to keep you alive. I should have –“
“I have thought about it before and I definitely came to the conclusion that it’s simply not possible” Shuri said.
“Steve I …, I was – I had …” Tony takes in a deep breath but the next words still come out nearly as a whisper: “I had a miscarriage.”
There was a silence, filled with sobs. Natasha pulled him into a hug while Thor placed one hand comfortingly on the ex-captains shoulder.
Steve had taken a step towards Tony - so the smaller man had to slightly look up into his eyes. Just as slowly, he had raised his right hand again and let it hover over his shoulder. When Tony didn’t show any signs of rejection or tension, he finally settled the hand down on his left shoulder. Then he settled his left hand on Tonys right shoulder too. All the while they never broke eye contact. Steve could see Tonys eyes beginning to water and what had been a feeling of determination in Steve, was replaced with panic. The smaller man noticed that and smiled.
Steve lays awake in his bed. Now, that he has made up his mind, to not return after bringing back the stones, but instead go back to a Tony that is alive, he feels better. Crying it out to Bucky had also helped a lot. He starts to plan on the route he wants to take. Which places to visit first and on which to stay. He remembers seeing Peggy in the office and how he yearned for that simple life Tony had advised him, all these years ago.
“I actually had the idea when I thought about Dr. Strange, his strange magic tricks and his idiotic idea of giving the time stone to Thanos. So to answer your question, my plan is: Time Travel” he continues. The shock is hanging in the air.
All Steve could do was watch from afar, as the light on Tony’s chest went out and his sparkling, gorgeous and warm brown eyes went dull.
“Sorry” Steve answers. “Though they are not broken. The little cracks will probably be gone in the evening.” He looks at her apologetically.
“But you are a strong woman and your people need you. We will do everything to try and make this …” he takes in another deep breath “… mess undone. Of course we will still need your help and we are glad that you are here but … you should focus on keeping your people calm. To prevent any more harm and ease their fears.”
“Steve I –“ Tony then noticed or rather felt Steve panicking again. “No, wait. It’s just. I have to tell you something.” Tony found it rather hard to look into Steve’s eyes right now. Said man could feel that Tony was scared and suddenly he realized what Tony was about to tell him. Cupping Tonys face into his hands he slowly and soothingly strokes his thumbs over his cheekbones. Then he calmed himself and pushed a feather light kiss on Tonys forehead, a little bit afraid of going too far with it.
“Stop!” Tony blurted out suddenly and way too loud, startling the Alpha. Damn, he really had no control over his voice today, Tony thought. Not that he ever had when he was together with Steve. But Steve was going too fast.
His hand had moved down to Tonys neck to hover over the mark again while the other hand had found it’s place on the slender waist, tucking his mate close against his body.
“Well then …” he turns towards the door, his heart hammering against his chest. Steve noticed his motion and, of course, realized that he wanted to leave.
“That wizard guy?” Bruce asked. They were all sitting around a large table, Tony standing in front of them. Shuri had not sat down and leaned against a wall next to Tony instead.
When he had held Tony in his arms after landing back on the compound, home, he had finally remembered what it had felt like to breathe again, but Tony did not want him anymore. He had failed the one person that Steve could not live without.
“You should lie down” Rhodey said, stepping closer to the Omega in an attempt to guide him back onto the bed.
Steve was supposed to be the prime Alpha; strong, big and especially dominant. He could send other Alphas running with their tail between their legs with just one look (On the other hand, Omegas where drooling to get close to him). Of course, Tony knew that Steve really didn’t like to be too dominant, not thinking twice about kneeling in front of his Omega or putting his Omega and his pleasure before his own. Tony couldn’t help the shiver that went through him at these memories. But the way Steve looked right now was just wrong. It’s not that he looked submissive; even with his body slumped but still ... so wrong.
“It’s gonna be okay, Buck.” With that Steve walks onto the platform and activates his suit. Mjölnir and the case with the stones in his hands.
Tony had to stop from falling back to his old drinking habits. He also had to quit drinking coffee. It took only one day for the withdrawal symptoms to appear. He couldn’t sleep. He was hurting because of your break up and he would throw up everything he ate. We had to put him on IV more than once. It was hell.” He looked up.
He had left Tony alone. With all of that. He had waited for Tony to message him. But of course he didn’t.
“And so does he” she continues. The engineer’s legs stop for a second, before they continue to go up and down.
Bucky let out a sigh and came up to hug Steve. Steve stiffened at first but then he let exhaustion and grief overcome him. He went limp against him and cried. Bucky held him through it and told him it was okay. Except it wasn’t.
“No, we are no longer together.” Steve had winced at that statement but soon had felt rage about the ongoing questions: “Do you feel bad fighting against your Alpha? Are you open for another Bond mate? When will you recruit new Avengers? How do you feel about your Alpha abandoning you for another man? Wasn’t their relationship set to fail from the beginning like the world had told them?”
So hearing Steve apologizing felt so good, yet it broke his heart. Because they had both made mistakes. He shouldn’t be the only one apologizing.
He could feel it within himself, see it in the eyes of his friends and people who fought next to him in the war.
Sadly though, oxygen was something they really did need and so the moment ended way too soon. Tony was the first to move away, Steve trying to follow him with his lips, though gladly taking some breaths himself. Tony seemed to feel the same as it didn’t take long for the Omega to find Steves lips again. And again. And wow, Steve definitely wasn’t going to complain and instead just grinned against Tonys mouth. They had missed out on a lot of kisses after all.
“It’s F.R.I.D.A.Y. She just texted me that she reconnected with the Iron Man Suit. Tony is alive! He’s in a spaceship and on his way back to earth. I told him to land in Wakanda. I… – I hope you don’t mind?”
Tony walked up beside Steve without so much as even looking at him. Not that Steve was turning to look at him either. His eyes looked towards the outer scenery just like the man beside him. He could hear Steve inhaling his scent and his Omega side was blushing, not that he would let it come through.
“You said you know what it feels like to get your tech stolen and someone else taking credit for something you did. The world outside is cruel towards Omegas.”
“Steve.” The Brunette nodded towards him and walked past. Steve turned around, unable to stop himself, and tried to reach out but Nat stopped him and shook her head. Now was not the right time.
He thought he had already lost everything. But this… this was too much.  He was shaking now, the tears flowing down freely. He hadn’t slept the last two days - had not slept well in the last two years - and fatigue slowly crawled up his body.
Steve opened the doors to the common room, only to find it empty. He had hoped to find Nebula here and to ask her some questions about who she is, what happened up there against Thanos but most importantly about Tony. Staring out of the big window towards the former battle field, he lets his thoughts drift away again. He had missed Tony these past two years, god, he had hoped Tony would call earlier. The first move wasn’t his to take. Yet Tony never called. When the phone had ranged finally after all, it hadn’t been Tony on the other side. To say he was shocked would be an understatement. Fearing to have lost any hope of seeing or hearing him again, he had tried to reach out for their bond then but found himself to feel nothing. Tony had closed the path on his side after Siberia. It was clear rejection, Steve knew that but he still had never ended it. It was the string of hope Steve had clutched on these past years. Years that were filled with realization, guilt, anxiety and worry. Shaking his head, in an attempt to shake his thoughts away with it, he tries to think about their plan.
“Ah, the fox” the blue woman said. There was some technical gear around her left eye and she looked overall like some kind of cyborg.
“But then it escalated.” He finally said. “Tony told me what happened in Sibiria.” He said to Steve. Said man flinched and looked down. “Yeah, it escalated pretty much” he admitted.
“Yes, it was Tony who suggested to capture you, but only because Ross was willing to go over dead bodies, Steve” Natasha said.
When Tony turns to look at Steve again he’s surprised to see him smiling, showing a fond expression rather than an annoyed one. Huh. God, he can’t do it after all.
“Spit it out.” Tony leaned back against the chair, laid one leg on the knee of the other, his arms holding on to his ankle and looked outside the glass wall, taking in the rails.
And Tony laughs again because this is so Steve. And Steve’s heart is beating like crazy again because his mate was in his arms and he was beautifully laughing again. “Yes, please.” Tony says with a fond look.
mistakes. It would be too easy. They had both been right and wrong. The worst being that they didn’t listen to each other. Steve’s voice startles Tony out of his thoughts.
“I mean, I cannot simply forget everything what you told me and it’s amazing. And you may have inspired me for a few new inventions myself but I’m grateful you let me into your lab and explained everything to this old man. Also, it’s not like I have access to Vibranium.” His face was soft.
“We both know and Tony does definitely too, that he is a handful. He hides everything from us and then assumes we would understand him. We all made mistakes and I know that
Steve slowly raises his hand and cups Tonys right cheek, his thumb slowly once stroking along his cheekbone. Tony grinned and leans into the touch. After giving Steve one last look he gently closes his eyes and it’s a sight that makes Steves heart flutter. He doesn’t want this moment to end, he wants to cherish this sight and Tony but he also really
“I know, that’s why I need your help. And …” he looked not-looking at Steve again and, god, was he smirking? Gulping the knot down in his throat he continued: “Are you maybe still in contact with that … big tiny guy? What was his name again?”
“No one really knows about them. Hank Pym, who discovered them, has devoted his life to hiding and keeping the knowledge about them away from others. I remember my old dad ranting about him one day.” Tony pretended to think about the 'good old times',  before he slapped his hands together and happily stated: “That’s all I wanted to say. So, before we don’t have Ant-Man, we will probably not be able to solve that little problem in my idea of time travel. You are dismissed.”
“I’ve been a complete idiot” he says after a while, tears still flowing and voice raw. “I should have …” his voice breaks.
“Yeah, I have a room assigned to you” she said chuckling and then continued: “I don’t mind showing you around. I’d actually really like to talk with you about your notes.”
Tony took in a sharp breath and then giggled awkwardly. Smiling, he looked at her as if she was insane. “Of course not! Why should I have told him.”
Steve and Thor were the last to enter the large room. Steves eyes landed immediately on Tony, the Omega occupying his thoughts. If said man noticed, he hid it quite well. The air had also shortly tensed when they entered but it faded quickly as Tony started the meeting, creating a working atmosphere.
Shuri looked at him for a moment. She had noticed the flinch in his eyes when she mentioned his medical report and she probably already knew why. To be honest, she wanted to talk about it with him but she had no idea how. Well, without scaring the Omega away or to anger him.
She remembered Steve’s look whenever T’Challa would return, hoping about some news about Tony. She remembered her brother’s deep sighs after his discussions or talks with the rogue Captain. But most importantly she remembered how broken Steve had looked, whenever he would see Tony in the news, or when he was lost deep in thoughts again. It wasn’t hard to guess for anyone who he was thinking about, whenever he would look like that. She also remembered how his eyes would lit up when she asked him about Tony, or his voice and words when he talked about him.
“Well I certainly think that the plan against Thanos does not work when we’re alone. Together. Those were your words by the way.”
He groaned. Looks like he found himself in a hospital and judging by the scenery and his memory returning, he was in Wakanda. So he must have passed out. Well, great. Nebula had been helping him to get into the spaceship that idiot named Quill had left behind. He had told her that Thanos was probably at earth, seeing that there where the last infinity stones. Thanos won. Only imagining what he would find once he returned had nearly brought him to a panic attack, escaping it the way he always does: with work. That wizard had a plan and if breaking his head about it kept him from thinking about what he was about to face, he would damn welcome it. When the blue planet had finally came into sight again he reconnected to FRIDAY, oh dear FRIDAY. She had informed him about the survivors and victims of Thanos before landing. Apparently she had also contacted Rhodey, his best friend, who thank God, had survived. Learning that all of them are currently in Wakanda, they calculated a route to a landing spot there. Steve had survived too. Steve. His Alpha. No. Steve had clearly stated he no longer wanted to be his Alpha, but seeing him there, looking at him with these broken but so gorgeous blue eyes … it had brought old feelings back. They never had broken the bond, yet he couldn’t take it talking to him right there.
Ok, this was probably not the best way to start this conversation but it was a starter. He looked at the tall blonde next to him.
Tony jerked up. All he saw was white, then shapes and lines slowly forming and building a picture. It was silent and he could smell his own distress. It all had been just a dream right? He suddenly remembered Thanos, the war, Peter … He pinched his nose, closed his eyes and took a deep breath, then tried to take in his surroundings.
Slowly tilting Tonys head to the side he leans in and their lips meet again. Oh, he thinks. He had really been craving this. Craving Tony. How could he have forgotten how perfectly they fitted against each other? Tonys warm and soft lips moving against his. It felt like he was finally whole again. He had kissed these beautiful lips so often before, yet he couldn’t think of any of their shared kisses that had felt like this. Then again, every shared kiss with Tony had felt special. Oh how he wished that time would just stop and oxygen wasn’t something they needed to survive.
He wonders about how he will tell Sam and the others or if he will at all. He guessed telling them beforehand would only make them want to stop him, and he did not want that. Not to mention the pity they would probably throw at him. Meaning, he would need to return at some point, but he would worry about that later. After all, he would have a lot of time.
“Why is everybody so eager to get us back together? Maybe it’s just over. Relationships end. It happens” he says annoyed.
handled the Accords. He managed so well these last 2 years because he had Peter. That Spiderkid, you remember? But he is gone now too. Tony watched him disappear just like we did with all the others. He is devastated, yes. Does he want to talk to you? Yes, but not now. You will irritate him only further and maybe push him into a panic attack while bringing back bad memories, so please, Steve, have patience!”
Steve just watched as Rhodey stormed towards the genius. His armor was ripped apart, blood and dust covering his face and chest. The Alpha inside him screamed. It urged Steve to hug and protect him. Nails digging into his hands, it took everything in him to stay where he was. He had no right to be close to him right now and it was definitely not what Tony wanted.
“Until it was no longer ok. Tony started to hide stuff from us like he always does. He is a master in it after all, I know that, and yet I failed to notice. He still insisted to be able to deal with Ross alone. A fact Ross knew and used for himself, starting to ask Tony over to his office, instead of coming to the avengers facility were we all where and where Tony felt comfortable and safe. And then …” he paused. God, he could feel the tears forming in his own eyes. He took in another deep breath.
Without further notice he put back his StarkPhone and turned towards Shuri and said: “I’d really like to visit your lab but if you have other duties to attend to … I don’t mind. I’ll be somewhere in my room or so. Do I have a room?”
Steve didn’t know what to feel. His Omega had allowed to hug him and he didn’t think twice as he let his arms curl around the Omegas back, pulling him finally close. It had been two years. Two years in which he dreamed and tried to remember what it was like to be together with Tony. Two years of longing and the hell that had been these past days. Finally, he had his Tony back in his arms. He thought he was blessed and happy but then suddenly tears flooded his eyes, unable to hold back because Tony had reopened their bond and it came all crashing in. Feelings of guilt, feelings of hurt, feelings of fear, feelings of love. Steve sends his own right back mixing with the ones from Tony. All the pent up feelings from two years of separation crushing in at once on them. Holding on to each other they cried.
Tony looked at him shortly with an annoyed face but then snorted: “It’s funny isn’t it? All the time I thought about and feared this conversation but now …, what does it even matter?” He looked out onto the land that was cluttered with holes, forgotten weapons and dust. The dust making his stomach turn.
Rocket took some steps forward as the hatch of the ship opened. There were two figures staggering out, supporting each other’s bodies. When he finally spotted Tony he led out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. Tony was alive.
“Nope, not happening” his friend answered and started to walk him towards the castle. Shuri gestured them to follow her.
“We should talk about that plan of yours. I mean, keeping it to you is not really ‘working together’”
“That is …” actually pretty good, she thought, but couldn’t find it in her to finish that sentence. Tonys smug face probably one of the reasons for that.
He could see Tonys eyes widen and for a second he feels the panic again but then Tony lets out a huff and laughs. It’s one of the most beautiful sounds he had heard these last two years. After Tony calmed down from his laughter, he looks at a blushing Steve who was also shooting him a pleading look. Tony grins.
It was also the first time that Tony looked at Steve, though, without their eyes meeting. Tony was too afraid looking into his former lover’s eyes, seeing them so broken and yet so beautiful and magnificent blue, that he feared he would get lost in them again, like he used to. Steve on the other hand didn’t know if he wanted their eyes to meet. He wanted Tony to see that he felt sorry for what happened, that he regretted it and would love to talk but he was also afraid of seeing pure hate in Tony’s eyes, that he remembered sparkling whenever he was talking about his inventions, work and improvements. What if he lost this light in his eyes? It would break him only more.
“I’m sorry” he whispers again and again to him, as he strokes a strand of hair out of his face. They let him for a while until Rhodey tucks him away. Bucky is there and leads him out of the room. Sam tells them that they will be informed once the funeral will be held. He also tells them to get some rest after the fight and to find some peace. Steve nearly huffs at that, but he is too tired to care.
Steve watched Tony lying there between the rubble of what was once his home. His skin was pale, and his arm and face burned. He seemed lucid, ill, like a man who was lying on his death bed. Pepper, Rhodey and Peter had run towards him and were talking to him.
“I’m fine” Tony said through gritted teeth and Shuri gave him a little playful whack against the back of his head.
“Yeah. A lot, actually.” She smiled. “When he wasn’t in the gym or mother-henning the others, he would be checking news about you and constantly asking my brother about your wellbeing. Or about you in general. They would discuss about how all of that could have been avoided.”
When the first Chitauri and finally Thanos disappeared, Steve had felt relief. Exhaustion was settling in his bones and he felt a smile creep up on his face. That was when his gaze fell upon Tony and the world seemed to stop. He noticed the stones on Tonys’s hand, and it finally registered in his head that someone had used the stones to disintegrate Thanos and his army. That someone had been Tony. Using the stones would kill a human being. Tony was a human being.
“I suggest you better sit down. This is not good news” he said, looking directly and firmly into the Ex-Captains eyes.
Thor opened the door and let Natasha in first. They found Steve on his knees, his back towards them. He was shaking. There was a destroyed punching bag on the ground and a big crack in the wall, were it probably had been thrown against. Natasha ran towards him.
He hissed as he tried to stand up. His body was sore from the fighting and lack of sleep these last days. Looking down, he noticed that he was wearing some kind of Wakandan hospital wear. It was similar to the ones he knew, only in yellow and with a pattern instead of white.
“I never thought Tony Stark would think of me as more intelligent or better than him” she said smugly.
They all had sought refuge in Wakanda for half a year after the so called ‘Civil War’ and T’Challa had rightfully claimed his throne again. They had followed the news and updates about their former friends together. Welcoming the hospitality, safety and time to figure out how they would go on. The world was treating them like criminals. After one month they finally heard about IronMan, Iron Patriot and Vision who made an public appearance. Tony had looked so tired and broken. Well, for the mass he looked probably like he always looked minus the bruises, but he knew Tony better. They pack knew him better, seeing right through his façade, the sharp inhales next to him confirmed that.
She grabbed another chair and sat down in front of him, her arms and head resting on the back of the chair. He looked at her expectantly and then sighed when she kept shut.
Shuri had been looking rather absently, so she was rather confused and straightened herself as everyone looked at her. She gave the fellow Omega a confused look. “Me?” she asked.
“Yeah” Tony nicked with his head. “What about Pepper?” Rhodey could see the pain in his friend’s eyes.
Said man took in a shaky breath. He only nodded, relaxing his hands he didn’t noticed he had clenched into fists.
And now Steve watched how he had failed again. How selfish he had been, excited and happy to stand next to Tony once more, to fight for the same goal. Ripping Tony from the one happiness he had finally achieved what he now left behind. Steve had had nothing more to lose when going into this fight. But Tony, Tony had had everything to lose. And he did.
Shuris smile dropped and she raised an eyebrow, while the others just grinned, because that was theTony they knew. “Excuse me?”
Tony Stark admitting to need help? Ok, it happened before but only when there were no other options left or not enough time for him to learn a completely new field of whatever was needed, like he did back then on thermonuclear astrophysics. But it also filled the ex-Avengers with guilt, wondering what these last 2 years did to him.
“Yeah. They are going to belittle you. Especially because you are an Omega.” Tony watched Shuri intently. She looked suddenly so small, her eyes down casted.
She looked at him confused first, and then he imagined to see a faint blush forming on her cheeks before her face shifted into a grin.
“And he is alive there” Steve confirms. “I love him Bucky. I want to do it right by him. Even if it’s just from afar. I don’t think I can live in a world where he is no longer.”
Shuri thought about it. She didn’t have a very important meeting but Okoye would probably force her to do some paper work, which she definitely wanted to escape, yet showing Tony her lab could be risky. But he had surprised her today with his actions and there were some things she actually wanted to talk about with this man. So she thought: Who cares? She was the queen right now after all.
And even so, if he had told Steve, and she was pretty sure Tony knew that too, it would have broken Steve even more. He would have ran right back to Tony to be by his side no matter the risk, but as a criminal, they would have found and arrested him sooner or later and then everyone else of the rogue avengers, who would have tried to get him out. Wakanda wouldn’t have been able to help them then.  She remembered how her brother had one day told her that the only reasons the rogue Avengers could stay hidden so easily, was because they had a guardian back in the states. Back then she couldn’t believe that Tony would do anything to prevent the Avengers and their families to get captured. Now she did not doubt it even a second.
“That doesn’t fix things” he finally said. His voice sounded small and it made her want to hug him so bad. She sighed.
Steve has already forgiven Tony but he had yet to forgive himself. He probably would never be able to completely do so but if he wanted to rebuild what he had with Tony, he had to be able to move on. Both of them.  He had held up the olive branch again, now it was up to Tony to take it or not. And God help him he wanted Tony to take it.
All the time he had been too proud to try and seek out Tony. It had taken him a year to fully understand Tonys actions back then. Trying to finally listen and understand Tony’s arguments. They were talking past each other. Steve himself had worried about his best friend’s safety, Zemo and the other five enhanced soldiers. Tony had focused on the Accords.
“I don’t wanna” Tony answered. “What about the others? Are they the only ones left?” he asked carefully but already knowing the answer. It still felt so unreal.
“Maybe you just didn’t try enough” Tony answered. Shuri felt anger blossoming insider her. How dare he accuse her of no trying enough! Already opening her mouth to protest, she found herself stopped by Tony tipping on his StarkPhone, putting holographs of his notes in front of her to read. He looked rather unimpressed. She barely noticed Bruce standing up and moving next to her, trying to catch a glimpse of the notes too.
“Wow. Sounds like quite a harsh break up” Thor said. “Yeah” Bruce added. “That wasn’t really fair, from both of you” he added. “And many more innocent people were hurt” he continued, looking shortly at his friend who now could no longer walk alone. This had been quite the shock to the doctor.
“There is something I should tell you” he finally says. He shifts his weight a little bit, arms crossed in front of his chest. His gaze fell towards a picture on the wall, looking a bit distant and sighs: “Well, actually Tony should tell you this but …”
“Well not really, nothing besides the bits you guys told me. Tony told me we kind of broke up? Like a band …” Bruce answered. Rhodey and Nat smiled at him, glad that he doesn’t seemed to have changed that much in these past missing years.
“But he managed. This wasn’t the first time Tony went through such a hell. He was managing. Honestly. We also did that public interview. Tony he - … he started to smile again. He loved the little peanut inside him. He also had medicine that worked temporarily against his morning sickness and he started to keep his food inside his stomach. Well, he still collapsed from the lack of sleep but it’s the little improvements, right?” he asked rhetorically showing a rather weak smile.
“Really? Wha .. Why would you name yourself after … after an ant?” he asked with disbelief. “Don’t tell me he got bitten by a radioactive ant?”
“Huh?” Tony snapped out of his thoughts and looked into big round, beautifully dark and expecting eyes. “I’m sorry” he huffed, a smile forming on his face, his eyes kind and warm. “To be honest, I only understood about 40 % of whatever you were explaining to me the last hour.”
“No you didn’t Steve. You didn’t know and I didn’t tell you. I didn’t even think it was possible for me to still get pregnant you know. It would have killed me probably anyway” and yeah Tony was rambling again. Steve pressed him closer to his chest.
Steve looks once more towards Bucky. He smiles at him and Steve smiles back, even though Bucky won’t see it because of Steve’s helmet.
“Yeah, me and Steve. Weird right? No surprise it ended like that. Really.” He was moving his leg up and down and making small hand gestures. Shuri didn’t answer and it was driving Tony insane. It gave him too much time to think. He needed to talk.
The Omega looked towards the door, where his best friend just entered. He noticed his worried look. A look he got sick off, having seen it way too often these past years. It was making him sick, that he got sick from his friends worry. He tried to stand up straight again, as he was still supporting himself on the bed.
Tony had always been a touchy person. After all, he wasn’t really a good talking person, his mouth always getting way ahead of him and spilling things he didn’t meant. So he expressed his feelings through touch and team cuddles had become regularity. Tony showing that he didn’t wanted Steve to touch him was for Steve another hard punch in the gut.
Natasha and Rhodey were the ones who tried to inform the government about what had happened. The confusion and utterly horror of watching your loved ones turn to dust should have turned into a mass panic, which gratefully hasn’t happened yet. He knew it was only the calm before the storm. The shock had still to set in and it was going to happen soon.
So he couldn’t help but feel guilt. Yeah, he didn’t want Steve to touch him but he really, really wanted Steve to touch him and he felt that wasn’t fair to Steve. He led out a sigh: “Just tell me why. Why did you not tell me?” He knew he was pleading. But he also really wanted the truth.
“The last time you tried to convince me that you’re fine, didn’t end well” Rhodey insisted. “Because things aren’t fine. They just … aren’t” his voice lost it's volume in the end.
“Tony!” Steve tried to get back said man’s attention. Tony blinked a few times and looked at Steve again.
They may be all scared and traumatized, had more scars added to their already wounded hearts. But they were together now. How it’s supposed to be and they would all be damned to let anyone come between them again.
Natasha and Rhodey were one of the first who understood what was happening, they had collected themselves and tried to inform the higher ups, so a plan to prevent a mass panic could be thought of in time. He made a mental note to ask them later about the outcome so far.
“Because you two need each other and anyone can see that. You are both just too stubborn to see that yourselves. Also, because I think neither of you want it to be over.”
“When the higher ups found out, that Rosses threatening had caused a miscarriage and because of that Tony flinched every time he saw him, they forbid him to talk to him. They negotiated a compromise with Clint and Scott and their families. Tony had insisted on that and I’m glad these people can even feel guilt or this would not have worked. They also promised to keep the miscarriage a secret and it’s nowhere mentioned in the files.”
“The doctors had told me in the beginning that a miscarriage was very likely. He wasn’t healthy for a pregnancy and given his age … and even if he managed to birth the baby, the probability of Tony surviving childbirth was about 10 %” he added silently. His gaze had already wandered down to the floor. When he dared to look up to Steve, he found that he had still the same look on his face. Completely blank. But his smell hung heavy in the air. Pure Alpha wrath twirled with grief and guilt. There were cracks in the table. Steve didn’t look up to him but he relaxed his hand a little and nodded. Rhodey continued.
“Okay” Tony answered before Steve could continue. What Steve had wanted to say was that he would never choose someone else as his lover but Tony.
“What about you?” she took a step out of the hug and looked at him. Her eyes were puffy and tired but the fire in her eyes was still there.
What nobody suspected though, was that Tony then genuinely smiled at her and patted her shoulder twice before leaving it there.
It takes Tony a few seconds to understand Steves words. When he finally did, he smiles at Steve, which turns into a grin as Steves cheek turn pink. He had missed Tony's smiling face.
Steve smiled at that. Sam really was a good friend and he was sure he would be an amazing Captain America. But this journey will be his own.
“You know, Natasha once told me that he nearly blew their cover because he wanted to go visit you. I think it was about one year after your fall out.”
He had hoped that maybe, he and Tony could talk it out. That they maybe could repair what he had destroyed. But the hope was gone now. He did not deserve Tony back.
Now guilt and relief was swelling up inside him, only snapping out of it as Okoye appeared, grounding him back to Wakanda.
“Well, as I was somewhere on a different planet in space, I had an interesting conversation with Doctor Strange –“
As they laid a blanket on Tonys back the Alpha slowly woke up again. Natasha was smiling at him, her eyes speaking more than words could. Feelings of
Rhodeys eyes had been full with pain and another wave of guilt came over him. He had welcomed them so friendly back at the compound but he wasn’t going to be forgiven that fast. Not with what he did to his best friend. He screwed up and he knows that. Badly. There hasn’t been a day since Siberia, were Tony wasn’t part of his mind. His beautiful and strong Tony. His friend. His lover. All the sleepless nights he was thinking about how to apologize. He send Tony a phone with his number, hoping he would call. That he would want to talk, checking the phone every day for new messages or missed calls. There were none. Of course.
“That’s …., here in Wakanda we treat everybody the same, no matter their second gender. Omegas are actually seen more like a blessing, because they can …, well anyway.” She started fidgeting with a tool she picked up from the desk beside her, trying to avoid looking at Tonys eyes.
Tony was pregnant. He was pregnant in Siberia. It was their child. He could have killed their child. It makes him sick.
Bucky listens the whole time and after he finished, he tells him that that is a normal feeling when losing someone you loved and assured him that they are not taking it personally. Steve had realized his feelings for Tony in the 2 years before Thanos. He and Bucky had talked about it when he had visited him in Wakanda.
“Yet we fit perfectly together” Steve cut in. When Tony opened his mouth in order to protest Steve stopped him and continued: “Yes we are different Tony. Two pieces that fit perfectly together, divided we put out our worst, together we bring our best out of each other. That was our biggest mistake. We didn’t try to work and understand each other.”
“But staying here won’t make it better!” Tony didn’t mean for the slightly raised voice of his. He tried to collect himself, tilting his head away from his best friend. “Laying here, without my mind occupied will only make me panic, you know that!” He returned to look at his best friend as he said the last part.
Time Travel. It sounded too good to be true but who was Tony if he wouldn’t be able to make it possible. If they went back in time, could they prevent the so called Civil War from ever happening? Because if Steve would be able to meet his past-self, it would be him, to punch himself in his perfect teeth. He would shout at himself to listen to Tony, to attempt to sit down with the whole pack again, discussing it together. Maybe Tony would have listened to Steve then too. He would have told himself to tell Tony, to not hide the information about his parents.
“I asked him once about you. I know it sounds cheesy but it was on that day, that I realized what loving someone means. I don’t know what happened between you, I know it was anything but nice but he never stopped loving nor missing you. Not when I first met him or when I met him again two days ago.”
“My, my …” Tony says calmly. “I’ve been told this phrase way too many times in my life and who was it that made it possible?” He looks mockingly at everyone before he continues: “
They stood there, around the greatest hero, mourning him for quite some time. Until it was time to clear everything and talk about the after. Steve did not want to talk about the after. He had to do it for the past five years, he did not know if he could do it again. Not without Tony.
“He’s fine. He has a stabbing wound on his chest but he has already fixed that. There are some broken rips and he has a sprained arm but that’s all.” He sighs. “There are other things I’m worried about though.” He looks directly at Steve. Their eyes met each other and there was an awkward pause.
“You did what?” This time it was Natasha who spoke. “That is new” she looked at him. Steve felt another wave of guilt wash through him, feeling the surprised eyes of his pack on him. He had talked with Natasha about what had happened in Siberia, about his guilt, but he had left out a few details of the fight itself. The only one who knew the full details were Bucky, Sam and probably T’Challa. Sam had sat him down one day after a particular bad nightmare, unable to hide his PTSD from him. He had let it all out back then and Sam had been angry at him, of course, he deserved that after all, but he also had stayed at Steves side and helped him sort some things out. They had sat down more regularly after that. It had been eye opening more than once.
Exhausted Steve slowly let them both sink on their knees, Tony cradling closer to Steves chest. He then finally allowed himself to scent Tonys neck and couldn’t help his smile as the man started to purr in response. They were both smiling and crying at the same time, taking in each other’s presence and just feeling through their bond. Tony then suddenly shoved himself away from Steve and looked him in the eyes again. His eyes were red and flooded with tears and he looked … anxious? Steve wanted to pull him back in but Tony refused, so he looked at Tony confused - was he reading this wrong?
Tony was wonderful. He was creation, life, hope. Steve was destruction, failure, and despair. He had ruined him.
Tony tries with a shrug and nonchalant voice, breaking eye contact once again and pretending he didn’t understand what Steve meant. They both know that’s a lie. Suddenly he really wants to punch himself.
. He felt something salty on his lips and only noticed now that he was crying. He saw Tony slipping away from Pepper.
“No. We had already decided to trade the stone not even for a life. I think he did it because we will need
Steves gaze fell onto his neck. They were given clothes from Wakanda, as their uniforms were ripped and dirty and a change of clothes not packed. Tony was only wearing a black T-Shirt right now, which let his neck bare, the mating bite openly visible. It’s still there he proudly thinks. Maybe they still had a chance.
“Yes, I know. Let it in.” she looked at Steve and then back to Okoye: “And gather the other Avengers. We have a visitor.” Okoye nodded at her and went back inside the castle.
Steves expression had gone blank. Natasha had already tears running down her face. From all the Avengers, she had understood the situation Tony was in the best. She knew about his responsibilities as a business man and outward appearance of the group. How he tried his best to help with casualties caused by their battles and the statements of hate and blame that were thrown at him. She understood how Tony had always taken the blame – no matter what – for himself in the end, even if he was more often than not to blame. She also had long realized, how Tony had tried to protect her back then, in his own weird way, even if it had meant to hurt her. It was what he could do best after all. He had pushed her away before she could think about anything else but saving her own ass.
“Hey, careful!” Shuri said rushing to his side and guiding him slowly to sit on a nearby chair. “I mean your spray did close your wound but it can’t – and neither can we – replace the healing process.
“What?!” Tony finally turned back to Steve. He looked so sad, brows knitted again and eyes so broken. His hand had tried to reach out to him but had stopped midair, not sure if he was allowed to touch. He definitely wasn’t but, fuck, he wanted Steve to touch him so much. He felt himself relax as Steve let his hand fall against his side. This didn’t get unnoticed by Steve.
Wakanda and so Shuri, had helped the rogue Avengers shortly after the Civil War to hide and to plan their next moves safely. He had also heard that they had helped Barnes to get free from his mind control and how they had helped to fight Thanos and save Vision, without even batting one eye. They owed them so much.
“God, this sounds like you actually do that” she laughed, perfectly imagining Tony Stark in a meeting, smiling, nodding and proposing new strategies or products while mentally insulting and flipping off every single person in the room.
Shuri looked at Tony with a smile. “Can I take that as a compliment?” she asked. The man only raised one eyebrow at her.
But then, the second she started talking, he could see the tension leave her body. She was in her element and he really wanted to answer her enthusiasm, ask questions but he had come across something he …, ok, maybe he did know deep down that this would happen, but he could pretend to be surprised.
“Don’t worry about that, I already patched myself up” he gave him a thumbs up. It was covered in dirt.
“I don’t know. But I was so angry Steve. I know he’s your only connection to your past. Your best friend. Heck, I know what it feels like to be responsible for so many deaths without having any control over it, but I was so …” His eyes wandered off towards the left battlefield before returning to Steve once more: “I trusted you. I had to watch my mother being killed. By him, and a- and you knew it wasn’t an accident and you were choosing him over me.” He knew he was on the verge of shouting.
“When Natasha and I found out that Shield was undermined by Hydra from Zola, he was showing us pictures, suggesting things. ‘Accidents happen’ is what he said and among all the different pictures were the headlines of your parents … accident. It was gone before I could think more about it and then we were nearly blown up. After that, I honestly didn’t think much about it. But then as we got more involved it came back to me one day. You were so happy, finally smiling more and starting a conversation with ‘Hey I think your parents were murdered’ wasn’t really appealing either. I didn’t want to make you sad or rather
They were all standing on the landing platform, were he had landed just yesterday, preparing for the battle in Wakanda. Black Widow, Shuri, Okoye, Rhodey, Bruce, Thor and the talking Raccoon Rocket, who had recognized that space ship being the one of his crew, stood next to each other, waiting for said ship to land.
“It’s not. But I know you can do it. You have a big heart” he smiles at the Omega, who turned back to the dusk once more.
There’s a pause then. Steve opens his mouth in an attempt to speak but quickly closes it again. Tony watches as Steve’s eyes wander over his face. Notices how the Alpha is squirming in front of him in an attempt to find the right words. His posture tense, hands closing into fists. Eventually his body slumps and Steve turns his head slightly towards the window again, his eyebrows knitted and looking so vulnerable.
Bucky asks him if he knows what he will do now, and Steve says he has no idea. He feels like he lost his purpose. His guiding light through this time. Tony had been his anchor.
“Technically I need his suit or abilities rather than himself, but do you really want me to tell you about the science behind the whole time travel plan, Romanoff?” He gave her a raised eyebrow at that and the beta retreated at that:
“Well then, everyone’s here? Then let us begin.” Tony tried his best to not look at Steve, knowing it would leave his voice stuck in his throat, which would be absolutely pathetic.
“Don’t!” this time it was Steves voice that was slightly raised. “Don’t say it Tony. You know it’s not true.” He continues more calmly.
Bucky just looks at them before he rips open the door and gestures them to walk inside. Sam looks like he wants to protest but Steve is too tired to care and just walks in. The apartment is small and old. It only has the necessary furniture and there is a layer of dust on them. He has some photos here and there, from the Howling Commandos and some from the Avengers but nothing more. It had never been his home, nor did he stay here for long, so he had not really tried to make it more homely. He made his way straight to his bedroom when he noticed Bucky had entered too. He sighed.
“And if he blames himself just as much, he may see himself not as worthy himself. So if you see each other both as not worthy, does that not make you both worthy again?”
“No it doesn’t.” After a long breath that felt like forever she broke the silence once more, her voice calm: “He doesn’t know right?” Carefully she added: “About the baby?”
Steve felt himself tense when Tonys name was mentioned. Of his Omega, no, he could no longer call him his. He lost the right to do so after Siberia and it still hurts him to this day. It’s been two years since that fateful day. Tony had not called him once, so when the phone finally had ringed, he and the rest of the Avengers that had stayed with him, had flinched. He carried it always with him. As big was the surprise to hear Bruce’s voice. Sad and worried - because it wasn’t Tony and it ringing meant big stuff happening, happy and confused - because no one had heard from him in a long while. His voice had been shaking. God, that had only been yesterday.
“It’s just …” Steve interrupts her. “It’s just, I hoped Tony and I could talk about it. To rebuild what has been lost. To hold him again. But now … how can I hope to be with him, when I betrayed him. Made him go through all of that alone? When he will look at me and is faced with all what he has lost? I’m not worthy for him!”
“If you’re worthy or not? As I can see it, you both made mistakes and both paid a price for it. According to Rhodey, Tony blames himself just as much.” Thor continues.
“I saw your medical report, I’m still the one in charge supervising your recovery so don’t believe you can fool me even for a second.” She looked directly into Tony’s eyes to get her point across. Said man raised both his hands in a surrendering gesture and let out a sigh.
He was looking Tony straight into his eyes, determined but gentle. Showing he really meant what he said. Tony who had held his gaze while Steve talked was now letting his eyes hover over his face. Steve could see the gears working behind them.
“I missed the comfort of the beautiful sunsets here in Wakanda.” He addresses the queen next to him, without averting his eyes from the scenery. She had just stepped next to him.
“For what happened, I really am sorry” Steve continued. His head hanging down and eyes filled with guilt.
“They were all trying to kill him! Of course I had to save him, Tony. It was my fault that he even got into this situation in the first place. Even if it meant fighting you. You were trying to kill him too …”
He walked towards Bucky. Steve was glad that Bucky knew what he was about to do and that they have talked about it. Leaving him behind without a word would have not been fair to his brother. He smiled at him.
“You know I tried. But I had the gauntlet and the stones. I’ve really tried to bring her back. I miss her, man.” Bruce said softly.
Tony continues: “Because we are only humans and we both made mistakes that had consequences. I knew something like that was bound to happen and I thought I was prepared but I wasn’t. We’re just … so different.”
Steve didn’t need a pause to answer this question. It wasn’t really unexpected and he had two years to think about the truth. Why he really didn’t tell him.
“Tony, I - , I really want this. With you. I want to be yours again and I want you to be mine again. Is that …” he gulps. “Is that all right with you?”
“Yeah I know, I don’t have the best reputation and honestly, 80 % of what you heard about me is probably true. But I know what it feels like when people steal your tech or take fame for something you did, so I’m really not going to do that. Also, I really like you.” He smiled at her and she could feel herself blush.
“He can shrink and grow at will, through the help of pym particles. He can also telepathically control ants” Shuri answered him, her eyes sparkling. She really had wanted to learn more about that suit but Scott had denied her to look at it. Actually, she didn’t see him with it once.
How often has his world chattered in the last years? Steve couldn’t tell anymore. Tony has given him a home. He had always something that had pulled Steve towards him. After Thanos had killed half of the population, he had been lost. Then they found Tony alive and he had dared himself to feel hope. Because Tony was there, and they fixed things together. Except, Tony didn’t want him by his side anymore. Without him, he did not know what to do. Fighting on Tony’s side had felt so right. It felt like he could finally breathe. The two years after their “Civil War” had felt like suffocating to him. Like drowning all over again.
“I’m fine, Rhodey. I’m fine. There’s nothing that will be fixed with me staying in this room. In fact, I think it would only make it worse” Tony cut in.
the one to make you sad. There was also the - at that time - possibility that it was Bucky and you were trying to help me find him. So I couldn’t really find myself to tell you. I wasn’t lying in the letter, in the end, it was to spare myself. I was afraid of the conversation. I was afraid of your reaction. Afraid that you might hate Bucky.”
They had won and they had achieved their goal. Everyone that had disappeared after Thanoses snap was back and alive. Thanos was defeated and Steve had his best friends back. Yet he felt like he had lost everything. What was he even supposed to do now?
steve leaned back to admire the scene lustfully. bucky pulled away slowly, but leaned in for a few more small kisses as he pulled away.
"good morning, kids, or should i say, our future. i'd like to welcome you personally to the avengers compound, where you'll be touring, and the place where you’ll be sleeping  and eating, which is right in that building over there," he said, pointing. “i do hope we can have a good time this weekend, and i can always answer your questions whenever you have them, and i will be answering them now before i give your teachers the rooming assignments."
peter just wiped sweat off of his forehead and sat down at his desk in his home room. the teachers were about to break them in to groups, and then give them their assigned everything (room, quarter, and teacher). honestly, he just wanted to nap.
"eugene thompson and his group, and miles morales and his group. i'll let them introduce themselves," peter said, waving. "is there any way you could give us an overview of what we're doing?" peter asked, hoping and praying it wasn't his project.
“no, sir. he said he was a freshman teacher,” peter explained. “thank you, peter,” fury said, turning around to walk out of his room, steve and tony in tow. “one last thing- use protection. the last thing we need is for you to have stds.”
"you don't even know the whole slew of things this little genius is into. or should i say... little bitch," steve said, hissing the last bit towards tony, who moaned again, arching into bucky. bucky nodded absent-mindedly, smiling that dumb smirk tony found extremely endearing at him, caressing the muscles of tony's back.
"you're so lucky dude! you're legal, you're fuckin' hot with those muscles, gotdamn," ned said, fake swooning. peter rolled his eyes. "and you live in a house full of attractive bachelor men! how much more lucky can you get?"
"don't do that! are you trying to give me a heart attack?" peter exclaimed, falling down on to his bed, sliding off on to the floor. "sorry. i was just wondering if we could talk," bucky said, scratching his neck.
“you’ll help me, right baby?” ned asked. “of course i will. i’d love to be the household income provider. fuck everyone who thinks i can’t,” she said, leaning against him. “let’s not do that much, sweetie.”
peter strolled in to the lab's main lobby, hoping to sneak through the main hall to the house, but all of his teachers were standing around, talking. "how can we help you, peter?" one of the art teachers asked. "i was just hoping to talk to mr. stark," he said awkwardly.
"then he's probably out to lunch with pepper and rhodey. have you called or texted him?" peter asked, and steve walked more in to the kitchen. "shit... no, i haven't called him," he cursed, leaning on the countertop.
"you're both so amazing. doing this? here? now? god, you must love each other a lot," bucky said, massaging the man in front of him's back gently, making sure not to hurt him. "i do. but i think we also love someone else. the same person, and we don't know what to do with him," tony replied, his tone asking steve indirectly for a response. he really hoped it wasn't as controversial as he thought it was.
bucky leaned down to kiss peter one final time before going off to play with the kids. “i love you, doll.” peter smiled, blushing lightly. “i love you too, buck.”
tony stood at a whopping 5'7. he wanted to be taller, like his boyfriend, and his boyfriend's closest friend. he had just the idea.
they both looked so beautiful with those age-defying eye wrinkles and smile lines, their hair perfectly poised, jarringly handsome faces smiling their sterling white smiles. tony hit the red fire button, and the elevator stopped.
peter blushed, handing tony his plate. "i'm not just here because i'm spiderman, right?" he asked, his voice breaking a little. "oh, peter," tony said, getting up to hug him. "you are my favorite person in the whole world. ever since you were younger, even when you were a brat, you were still my favorite. i love you so much, peter," tony said, and peter wiped away a single tear.
and hear he did. he moaned the loudest moan bucky had ever heard in his life. "you two are prettier than any dame i've ever been with," he said, and that made tony look at him with blown pupils and even more swollen lips.
"bucky," was all peter could choke out, and before he got a chance to say anything else, tony got a fiery look in his eye. "did he hurt you? did he touch you?" he growled, checking peter's arms and legs.
"peter! hello, kids. you're early," he said, laughing nervously. "we just wanted to get a head start, sir," ned said, smiling. "there's nothing wrong with that! i'm dr. bruce banner, and these are my and tony's labs."
"woah woah woah," peter said, putting his hands up. "i haven't fucked bucky and he's not my official boyfriend." mj rolled her eyes. "he's fucked bucky," she said. "too much tension for them to have not've," ned nodded.
for the first time since he got home, peter was comfortably alone in his quiet room. he turned his tv on, laying down in his bed. he fell asleep to the sweet sight of jake gyllenhaal.
"i don't know, but nobody can hurt you while you're in my arms," bucky said, walking around the couch to pull peter into his lap. peter immediately molded into bucky's chest, sobbing in his shoulder.
tony and steve's relationship had been on and off for the past six or so years. they went from hate fucking (peter hated hearing that too), to a rocky relationship, and now, apparently steve wanted to make it official. "as if everyone didn't already know," peter replied to tony, who had just finished telling him all of this. "i know, right!" tony exclaimed, handing peter one of his books.
"but you're not a normal human being. you're spiderman, remember? that's why you live here," mj pointed out. it felt like a jab to the stomach, but peter just nodded, turning to get his history stuff out of his book bag.
ten years from now. they’re both aged and look as such. they have their own little apartment in brooklyn, just big enough for the two of them, their two kids, and their new puppy. they have an older girl (probably about 6) and a younger boy (about 4), and bucky is play chasing them around the house, dog not far in tow. peter sat happily on the couch, watching them all run around in circles, until bucky collapses on the couch in exhaustion leaving the kids with the dog.
steve took out his phone, taking a picture. without stopping, bucky asked, "why did you do that?" steve just smiled. "well, when you're gone, we're going to miss you. especially him," steve said. "he's falling, why don't we get one for against the window?" bucky did as directed, resting tony up against the glass.
"are we gonna fuck in this elevator?" steve asked. bucky turned around, his lips wet from saliva. tony looked absolutely wrecked; his hair was all over the place, his unbuttoned shirt was untucked from his slacks, and his lips were kiss swollen and shiny.
"i'm sorry about how i acted inside," peter said softly. tony rubbed his back. "it's not a problem, peter. i'm sorry about how i acted. i'm supposed to be your dad, and sometimes i feel like i'm more so your best friend in the way i talk to you."
"well, if i sign it, i can make sure ned and mj can stay in your room with you, and if i don't sign it... well, you'll just have to hide a lot and stay in our part of the compound. no lab time, just watching tv and stuff," tony said, passing the permission slip around.
“no, sir. i didn’t even know he was a teacher until yesterday. he was a fill in for one of the senior teachers because her daughter got sick,” peter explained, bucky noticeably staring at his ass behind him. “so he wasn’t one of your teachers?”
"not too great, as i expected. i did get a good grade, though. people are just assholes i guess," he said, taking a bite from an apple that was in the fruit bowl. "i'm sorry, doll. things really haven't changed, have they?" bucky said, sitting down next to peter. peter smiled and brushed a piece of hair out of bucky's face. "they really haven't. they've gotten better, but people are still bigots."
"in the elevator, can you lift me up? i have to fix something," tony replied. "yes, if it's on the ground floor. don't need you getting hurt," steve smiled, grabbing tony's hand to walk into the elevator.
bucky got up to go, but peter grabbed his hand to try and make him stay. bucky leaned down to give peter a kiss, but ended up following tony out.
after about an hour, the teachers realized that the kids weren't going to talk to each other, so they sent them off to their dorms for the night. peter was hoping to see bucky tonight, but he wasn't exactly counting on it.
their teacher came in, demanding silence. after a short pause, he asked for the permission slips to be passed up to the front before their lecture began.
when he woke up the next morning, he turned his tv off, brushed his teeth, and started to get dressed, before tony walked in to his room. "dude!" he yelled, his jeans on but his shirt in his hands. "you're fine, you're dressed. now, i have some juicy shit to tell you."
mj leaned her head on peter’s shoulder, which peter knew meant she had something to say to him, but nobody would know. “did he just flirt with you? or was that eye fucking?”
bucky couldn't decide wether to thrust up into tony or grind himself back on steve, and it was really messing with him. "stop, stop," he whispered hoarsely. the two surrounding him completely halted all movements. "i need you both separately. please, this is a lot."
"well, we're not all that bad. you guys don't really think i'm lying about the stark internship, do you?" peter asked, trying to start a conversation. vincent shook his head, but wade turned around again, his expression level and uncaring. "look, bud. i didn't want to get placed with you for this very reason. you don't need my approval if it's really true, okay? and i couldn't give a rat's ass if you worked for tony stark."
wade, peter, and vincent dove to grab food as mj walked out of the bathroom. "morning, ned. did you bring this food?" she asked, smiling brightly. "yeah, just thought it would make things easier," he shrugged. "well, thank you," she said, kissing his cheek as she sat on a chair to put her shoes on. peter gave ned a thumbs up, and ned flipped peter off.
"what's your name, sweetie?" hope asked, pulling out a notebook and business cards. "michelle jones. am i in trouble, ma'am, because i-."
bucky directly ignored peter, opting to go with original plan, tickling him. peter shrieked, trying to slide away from bucky, but to no avail. "buck! buck, come on," he laughed, putting his hands on bucky's arms.
flash, miles and everyone else came walking in through the door, a stark industries certified tour guide led them through to bruce's care. "welcome, everyone, to stark industries' lab! i'm your guide, dr. bruce banner. save all of your questions until the end, please, where  i, tony stark, and pepper potts will be answering them. right, off we go!"
peter smashed his lips against bucky's, smiling like an idiot as more tears streamed down his face. "i love you, james barnes. will you move to boston with me?"
before class, everyone settled into their home room before their teacher got there. "he's just nervous that we're going to talk to stark and he's going to say he's never even seen him before!" flash said, sitting on the teacher's desk. "no, he's not nervous because he's already been there, right, peter?" ned asked, and peter nodded. "mr. stark said i was his favorite intern," he shrugged.
"you're a godsend, parker. a godsend. don't you need to be getting ready for school?" bucky asked. peter sat up on the edge of the bed, and bucky curled himself around peter's back. "is your field trip this weekend?"
