, since he'd still been on ice for its Broadway premiere. He just adored all the old movies and musicals, and Tony had always been more than happy to indulge him.
"Oh, I'm interested," Steve said, blithely unaware of Tony's inner turmoil. "Definitely looking forward to anything you might like to... fit in."
, wasn't it? Tony would have been expected to express his gratitude. Steve didn't even want to think about how.
"We did." Tiberius agreed. He smiled a crooked smile. "You know, I imagined what you'd be like before I met you. I imagined you'd be decisive. Confident. A natural leader. A worthy opponent. And then I met you. You were
"Mr. Stark," Tiberius clarified, like he was trying to be helpful, like he was trying to pretend that he wasn't Tony's goddamn
Steve was beginning to see where Tony's story was going. He'd known Tony had been a fan, of course. But it seemed like he'd meant a lot more to Tony than he'd known.
Steve concurred. How on earth could there have been anything else? What were they going to dig up this time?
"I know," Steve said, although he didn't really know, did he? "I bet if you talked to him, he'd tell you what was going on," he suggested. "There has to be an explanation. And if there isn't, well..."
He knows that this part should be easier than the last -- or at least, it should definitely go more smoothly -- but right now it's more than a little frightening in its immensity. It's a big step, after all. Anyone with sense would be a bit scared no matter what, wouldn't they?
"It'll be good for your image," Fury told him, like he was actually serious. "It'll make you look responsible. Mature. Faithful. Stable. You'd probably be happier, too. Having someone to come home to."
With his free hand, he grabs for anything to slow him down, any kind of handhold, but his wildly flailing hand goes straight through the floor and then out the wall into the sky beyond.
Tony was in all the pictures. From the beginning. Sometimes as Tony, sometimes as Iron Man, but he'd always, always been there. Iron Man's metal-clad arm was thrown over Steve's shoulders, in the earliest team pictures, while Steve grinned at the camera. Someone had taken a picture of him curled up in the chair in the corner of Tony's workshop, somehow asleep while in the foreground, out of focus, Tony was welding without waking him up; it looked like Tony had settled a blanket over him, too. After he'd learned who Iron Man was, there were pictures of Tony with the helmet off. Even after Tony had moved to California, somehow he'd still been in in all Steve's pictures. There was a picture at a dizzying angle, three floors down through a hole punched to the mansion's basement, after the Masters of Evil had wrecked the mansion; he and Tony were huddled together in a shaft of light on the basement floor, their heads bent over a blueprint. There were pictures of him staring at Tony, enthralled, during team briefings, his chin in his hands. There was a picture of the two of them at a party -- maybe one of Ben's poker games -- and Tony was half-asleep with his head tipped companionably against Steve's shoulder. There was a picture of Tony standing next to him, in full armor, when they'd announced the team after coming back from Onslaught.
And, okay, yeah, he could admit it: he was a little bit curious about who it was and what they liked. Maybe they could trade some tips. Tony had been single for-- well, since Indries, and he didn't want to think about her. It had been a while since he'd really gotten to play with someone. Maybe the mysterious box-owner could recommend a good dungeon. A fellow Avenger would have the same need for privacy as Tony did.
Of course Ty had been there for Tony. Of course he had. He'd arranged the entire situation, this entire week, to leave Tony miserable and off-balance. And then he'd stepped in. Tony's savior. Someone Tony could trust. And Tony had fallen for it. Because Tiberius had told him he loved him. Steve knew from enough nights sitting up with Tony after his breakups that Tony just wanted to be loved. Tiberius had given him that. And that meant that Tiberius could do whatever the hell he wanted to Tony as long as he told him he loved him while he did it.
"Oh, boy." Ghost laughs, obviously delighted. "You sure missed with that throw, didn't you, Captain?"
"As long as you let me come eventually, I'm all in favor of that idea." Steve kicked one unrestrained foot against the mattress. "You want me to roll over now?"
Eddie sniffs a few more times and stops crying. "A present? For me?" His eyes are wide now with excited curiosity, and not with fear. "Really?"
Hank smiled and held up his hands; clearly he knew when he'd been bested. "Okay," he said, tilting his head toward the bar. "I'll just go get another drink."
Steve bit his lip. It wasn't fair. It wasn't. But it also wasn't going to happen, and he needed to accept that. And one of these days, he needed to move on.
But it was AIM, so Steve wasn't particularly worried as he picked his way forward, because what the hell was AIM going to do to them?
Tony lifted his head and looked at him, all along the length of his arm. His smile was glorious; his breath ghosted over Steve's skin. And then he bent his head again, kissing his way up Steve's arm, with every bit of focus in him turned to this task. Steve knew how heady it was being the recipient of Tony's full attention in any context; he never dreamed he'd be able to find out how it felt when Tony devoted his whole self to
"And how hard's that?" Tony drawled, because he was damned if he wasn't going to have some fun, making Steve talk about it.
This was the part Steve should have practiced. This was the question he should have had an answer for. But he hadn't had enough time, and now he had to wing it.
"Wow," Steve breathed. "Hey, if you see Tony again before I do, will you thank him for me? Sometimes I think we should be paying
"Iron Man!" the woman behind the desk says. She's addressing Tony, because of course she assumes Tony's in charge here. "Ghost is currently on the thirty-third floor. The usual protocols are in effect, obviously."
It was because of Tiberius, obviously. The familiar spear of jealousy lanced through Steve's heart. It was fine, he told himself. That was just a feeling. It didn't have to affect how he treated Tony. He was just going to treat Tony exactly the same as always. Maybe, eventually, he'd stop loving him.
Tony still seemed nervous, though, biting his lip again. "I didn't want to say it before," he said, like he thought he owed Steve an explanation. "I thought-- I thought maybe you'd think I'd said it just to get you into bed, and I didn't know how--"
Iron Man's voice is more than a little strangled. "You're making me blush again, Cap." His laugh sounds embarrassed. "You really thought I-- I mean, you thought Mr. Stark just molded those muscles into the metal?"
Tony's hand tightened almost convulsively on Steve's, and sadness flashed through his eyes, and Steve didn't understand why, until Tony finally found words. "So if-- if I'd just
"Was that okay?" Steve barely recognized his own voice, low and gravelly, hoarse with desire. Dazed, he licked his lips; he could still taste Tony. He almost couldn't believe that had really happened. Something inside him was unbalanced, hungry for reassurance. "I, uh. I've never kissed a man before."
"You can pilot an X-Wing alongside Luke Skywalker." Tiberius chuckled. "I know, I know, that's not the coolest Star Wars movie anymore. But if I just use the Force--"
Steve shrugged half a shrug and gave Tony that devil-may-care twitch of a smile that always made Tony want to do things like declare his undying love. So far, he'd managed to refrain. "Well, I wasn't about to get on the comms at the Mountain and say that I was running an unauthorized op on Staten Island when we have no general American clearance anymore, and would anyone like to come with me? T'Challa would have said no."
"Don't worry," Steve adds. "I'm not getting you any of the underwear with cartoon superheroes." Or, sadly, the lace.
Tony comes down the main stairs, and the man in red, white, and blue sitting on a chair at the side of the room stands up, pulls his cowl back, and holds out his hand. He's smiling a smile that simultaneously warms Tony's heart and makes his chest seize up.
Steve doesn't know what to say to that, but Iron Man interrupts his thoughts, stepping back and blowing him a kiss.
"I was staring at your ass," Tony blurted out, and oh, shit, maybe he did have a concussion because that was the thing he wasn't supposed to say, that was definitely one of the things he wasn't ever supposed to say--
"It's going to be okay," Steve told him. He tried to think of what he could offer that would make Tony feel safe. Tony liked answers that appealed to his sense of reason. "I know it's awful right now, but it's going to get better. You're here with me. You're safe. I'm safe. This apartment is safe. If there were an emergency, the Avengers or SHIELD could be here in minutes; they both know where I live. No one who might want to harm you even knows you're here. And if anyone tried to harm you, they'd have to do it over my dead body."
"Tony." Steve snorted. "I know you'd never. But if you were actually a murderer, if I seriously thought you were a murderer, I'd turn you in. I'd turn
The Maria Stark Foundation gala, as always, was a lavish affair; the huge room was filled with millionaires in tuxedos, equally-rich women in evening gowns poised on their arms. Tony of course had looked gorgeous in his own tux as he'd stood on the stage and made his own opening speech about how he was grateful for their presence, for their charity.
Oh. She thought Tony had done this to him. She thought Tony was punishing him. He supposed that was far simpler than the actual explanation.
He turns back. Tony's sitting up now, and the case next to him is open, the armor within gleaming, but Tony hasn't actually made any other moves toward suiting up.
The next thing he says really needs to be a question, but he's having trouble coming up with something more creative than
"Hey, Winghead, there you are!" There was fondness in Tony's voice. Of course there was. Tony loved him. Just not-- not like
. He wants to be with Iron Man for as long as Iron Man will possibly have him. He wants this every day for as long as he lives. He knows Iron Man often feels down like this, often gets into glum moods, but Steve wants to be here when he does, right here at Iron Man's side, even for the bad times. He wants to lift him up again, if he can.
Tony looked down at the page again, then nodded. "I can see the individual letters, the shapes of them. I can focus on the words, and I can understand the sentence. I'm processing it. It-- it looks real to me. I'm reading. I don't think Ty could have faked this." He was smiling now, broadly, in relief. "Thank you. This is real. I'm not dreaming this."
So Steve leaned back and, with a little squirming, peeled off his uniform pants. It was always a bit of an undignified ordeal, but Tony's gaze was transfixed. Tony looked like he'd be more than willing to pay to watch him undress, and, hell, that wasn't a fantasy Steve needed to have right now. In addition to it being more than a little embarrassing to, well, get off on Tony having money, no matter what Tony had said about everything being okay, his body definitely did not need the help. He palmed at his cock, through his underwear, and next to him Tony made a quiet, desperate noise.
He traced a path down Tony's side, over the line of his ribcage, letting his hand settle at Tony's waist in invitation. Steve could feel Tony's entire body shudder against him, hips rocking forward against Steve's thigh, pressing just a little longer. Steve wished his uniform pants weren't quite so thick; he wanted to feel Tony, hard against him. Because of him. For him. That was really-- that was really something else, to know just how much Tony wanted him.
The triumphant smile on Tiberius' face was rapidly disappearing. His lower lip quivered, and his eyes went wide. He took a deep breath. "
Tiberius, though, was fast. "What's your proof of that, Captain? Now who's the one flinging baseless accusations around, hmm?" His calculated glance at the camera was the picture of stunned innocence, his eyes wide. "You yourself admit that SNN isn't the only network covering Mr. Stark. I'm not doing anything that my competitors aren't doing."
Helpless, he held his hands out. Palms down, unarmed, the way Tony would have done it. He stared at the backs of his hand, fancying that he could see the fracture. It wouldn't actually be there anymore. On Steve, no one could even see where the breaks had once been. All he had was his memory. No traces. He knew he always healed clean.
Steve bared his teeth at Tony, then dropped his jaw and smiled. Sweat was trickling down his forehead, over his shoulders, glistening on his skin. He was-- he was so goddamn beautiful, and right now he was all Tony's. All his to take apart.
Yeah, this is exactly what Tony always told him Ghost was like. Steve tries not to roll his eyes. Tony's also been paying him for over a decade, so Ghost is a little late to the party with that one.
"I mean," Steve continued, and there was a meekness in his voice that Tony had never heard before, and he realized that Steve was
After taking another sip, Tony set the glass down on the counter next to him. The sound had a ringing sort of finality.
"My pleasure." Tony grins at him. "Of all the times in my life I've gotten screwed by the Phoenix Force, I have to say I definitely liked this one the most. A-plus."
If he passes out, Steve is going to call a doctor, no matter what Mr. Stark has to say about it. He's not about to watch Mr. Stark dying in front of him and do nothing about it.
," he says, and then he doesn't finish his sentence. He sighs. "We'll come back to that. In the meantime" -- he gestures at himself with a jerk of his hand, and Steve knows that's the suit moving it for him -- "do you want to help me get out of this?" Something in his face fades, falls, cracks. "I just want to-- can I touch you?"
Tony vaguely remembers Steve taking it. Tony takes a lot of pictures with people. It would never have occurred to him that Steve would have done anything like this with it. He would have expected a picture of Sharon here, if anything. Surely Steve and Sharon are still an item. Steve wouldn't have put a picture of
"Hey, Shellhead," Steve said, deliberately using the one nickname that Tony would never have heard from Tiberius. "It's okay. Whatever he did, I'm not going to do, okay? This isn't a trick. This isn't a bribe. You're here and you're safe."
Steve busied himself with finding the kettle, filling it with water, setting it on the burner, turning it on. The stove clicked a few times and then the flame caught. He opened another cabinet. Tea bags. Two mugs, only a little chipped. They both had the Avengers' logo on them; one had a little Captain America shield and the other a stylized Iron Man helmet. He held them up for inspection and Tony nodded.
Or had Tony believed the lies already? It wasn't as if Steve had never heard similar sentiments from Tony when he was having one of his worse days, but somehow he'd always thought that it had been because Tony was in a particular mood. He'd never thought it was what Tony had always believed, deep down. It sure wasn't what he believed about Tony. But Tony could be hard on himself sometimes. All his friends knew that.
Tony shifted his weight on Steve's thighs, sliding up so that he could bring their cocks together in his hand. Steve cried out again when they touched, and Tony heard himself groan as he looked down at the sight, obscene and beautiful, the two of them held together. Flesh slid against flesh as Tony jerked both of them off, pressed them tighter and tighter, pumped his hand faster around both of them.
He says it like he's ashamed of wanting kindness. Like he thinks no one would ever offer him it. Steve wonders who the hell he used to take to bed.
And Tony's bedside manner, Steve was now discovering, was one of the kindest he'd ever been privy to.
"Steve--" Tony began, and Steve knew exactly what Tony was going to say, because Tony was the kind of guy who'd stand up for everyone else, and especially for him.
The blue eyes behind the mask are quizzical. Iron Man's probably wondering what Steve wants with him. "What do you need? Did you want to talk tactics? Because, I mean, I thought that fight went pretty well, but if you--"
Steve was breathing hard, his eyes starting to darken, but there was still reluctance in his gaze. That wasn't what Tony wanted to see, not at all.
"You can't talk about it. I get that. It's all right." Her smile was smaller now, barely tipping the corners of her mouth. "But you have to get everything out somehow, Cap. You can't just keep it all in. That road doesn't go anywhere good. Trust me." Her gaze was briefly far away; he had a good guess as to what she was thinking about. She was six months sober, after all.
"Please," he croaked out, again. He might have called it pathetic, but for the fact that he was too far gone for shame. Everything was starting to feel cold now. He really wanted to be sick.
Steve smiled back. "Yeah. So far, everything we've done has been incredible. I am definitely enjoying myself. And, uh," he added, "I mean, you have to know you have a reputation, right?"
"There's a... grace period," Mr. Stark says. "At least a few minutes. Removing the armor isn't instantly fatal. You wouldn't have killed him. You'd have noticed something was wrong and been able to put the armor back." There's a fierceness in his gaze. "St-- Captain. Please don't think you would have killed him. Don't blame yourself. It's not your fault that he's-- that he's--
Tony tips his head back down against the pillow, keeping his neck straight for Steve's benefit, and Steve diligently rubs the nape of his neck, very lightly, then kneads a little harder out along his shoulders, his hands mirroring each other. Tony's shoulder fills his palm; Steve's fingers curve around to brush Tony's collarbone. He's often felt that they
Steve jumps to his feet, and that's when an invisible force slams into him, a gut punch he couldn't have braced for. He doubles over and takes an uppercut on the chin. Ghost isn't stronger than him, but he doesn't have to be, not like this.
Steve licked into Tony's mouth and Tony made a soft, needy noise against Steve's lips, a gasp of pure pleasure that went right through Steve. Tony
"Mr. Stark?" Steve ventures, and the man's head snaps up, so fast that an errant curl of dark hair falls into his eyes. A part of Steve wants to push it back for him. "Are
. Yeah, there you go, tear them off just like that. Good job!" He's still holding out the paper, as Eddie carefully takes three stickers.
Tony was standing in the doorway, leaning heavily on the doorframe like it was the only thing holding him up. He was wearing a clean suit and tie, and he'd showered recently enough that his hair was still damp, but if he was trying to clean himself up to make them think everything was fine, it sure as hell wasn't working. His gaze wasn't quite tracking right, definitely not focusing, and his eyes were set deep, looking almost bruised, black and blue in his gray, hollow, lined face. He was coming apart at the seams.
It was ironic, somehow, that Tony looked perfectly fine from the outside. He was just dying on the inside, was all. Story of his life.
The headline closest to Tony read STARK RAVING MAD and featured a photograph of him staggering out of a club, his arms around two buxom, scantily-clad dancers. Tony didn't recognize the club. Or the city. Or, for that matter, the women.
Steve's sex life is his own. What Steve likes to do in bed is not the business of anyone Steve isn't sleeping with. And, for the most part, Steve has succeeded in keeping it to himself. People just... don't ask him. It's like they assume Captain America doesn't even exist in the same world as sex. The very idea of him being kinky is somehow unthinkable. It used to frustrate Steve. But now he's grateful, in a way, for that kind of invisibility. No one's going to press him about anything.
Tony steps forward and pulls him into a hug. He is, as always, taller in armor; Steve's head bumps his chestplate.
. Obviously he could in terms of logistics -- he'd made sure his bike could carry a passenger, because sometimes he had to in an emergency. It had never been Tony, obviously, because in an emergency, well, Tony could
Heading across the room to the other side of the bed, he finds the end of the rope binding Tony's arms together, tucked up between his shoulders, looped through the back of the harness to secure it. He undoes the knot holding the arm tie in place, pulls it out of the harness ropes, and the whole thing starts to unravel.
"You should go find him," Jan says. "I'm sorry, I don't mean to keep you. Of course you want to go check on him."
Tony let his hand slide down from the back of Steve's head to the scruff of his neck, pulling the cowl back with it as he went, a deliberately dominant move that was presuming a hell of a lot, but it looked like Steve could use it. Steve sure didn't seem like he wanted to stop him anytime soon. Tony wasn't going to let his brain dwell on the thought of Steve, wanton and needy, because they clearly still had a few things to talk about first.
Steve's never done it. He's never bitten anyone susceptible, anyway; Blade didn't take. But he doesn't think it can be all that hard. He thinks he'll know how, if he tries. He still feels the craving for it, a jittery thrumming under his skin, sort of like hunger and sort of like desire, but not quite the same as either. He thinks he might like to bite Tony, if Tony wanted him to. He can't say that. That's weird.
"It's not?" Tony sounds honestly surprised. Like it really, truly, never occurred to him that Steve might like him like that. They've been friends, and they've been lovers, and there's somehow a vast area of their relationship that has remained unexplored. Or, at least, unsaid.
He walked past Tony, into the bedroom, laying his hand on Tony's arm and gently tugging him back inside. Off-balance, Tony stumbled a little before Steve slowed and righted him. Tony was so tired. Steve hoped they could get him some sleep soon.
Awkwardly, Steve chucked a thumb over at his kitchen. "I, uh." Oh, that wasn't a good start. "I'll get you something. What would you like to drink?"
lubes. There's a can of WD-40, something claiming to be graphite lubricant, and a tiny liquid-filled tube of whatever the heck "PTFE" is. Steve sure hopes Tony has never accidentally grabbed the wrong bottle.
But he knew that no one was going to like what happened next if Thor opened that box. And since neither Jan nor --
Honestly, the Avenger with the most experience at this was Tony, but Tony not only had no interest in talking to the press, he still wasn't returning Steve's calls. Which meant that Tony, as far as Steve knew, didn't know about this.
caused you pain. I've made mistakes, like he has. I've taken responsibility, like he has. But the difference between me and him is that I don't immediately turn around and deliberately try to hurt you again."
"That's-- it's not--" Steve said, and he couldn't even say what it was. He could feel himself tense up, frustrated. He had been so much braver inside his own head. He should have been better than this. He'd never had this problem with women, but then, that was different, wasn't it? The world taught you how to deal with it when you wanted women. You could think about what you wanted. It was permitted.
It had been a rare family outing -- his father had taken him to Washington, to the Smithsonian, and he'd dragged Tony away from the National Air and Space Museum over to the National Museum of American History, a decision that Tony now assumes his father intensely regretted for the remaining sixteen years of his life.
"Hey, hey, no!" Iron Man's voice is still raspy, but he flings out a hand to stop him. "It's a good question. It's a great question. And I'm-- I'm really happy that you're serious enough about me that you'd want to ask something like that." He pauses and coughs again. "I just-- no one I've ever dated has asked me that. Not even the people I was serious about. I just wasn't expecting it."
Wretched, Steve squeezed his eyes shut. "I'm so sorry, Tony," he whispered. "Obviously I can't say I didn't mean to do it, because clearly I did, but I-- I told myself it would be harmless. Just an indulgence. I-- I
"Next time I could paddle you," Tony said, idly, and, God, he was already thinking even more about next time. "Bet you'd like that. Get you a real nice bruise or two that way."
Yes, Mr. Stark may have had some unkind things to say about Iron Man, but surely even the cruelest man wouldn't do that. This has to be about something else. It has to. He
Steve's gaze ranged between each of the Avengers in turn, and Tony could practically see him plotting their positions on a tactical map.
Steve scrubbed his hand over his face. God, this shouldn't have been him doing this. Tony might have believed someone else. Maybe Jan. Maybe Rhodey or Pepper or Happy. Tony wasn't going to believe him. But he was the only one who knew the truth. So it had to be him.
, and had concluded that the one that was wrong must have been the kissing. Well, that was... that was unique, all right.
"Not as bad as yours," Steve said, and Tony tipped his head to the side in acknowledgment. "I'll concede that getting in a fight with your boyfriend on national television about which of us loved you more was not my finest hour." He considered that thought. "I'd still do it again, though."
"I know what you do in the dark," Tony says, and Steve feels more tears drip down his cheeks because no one was supposed to know, he was never supposed to do it, and he can't say anything back, his mouth full of Tony's cock. "I hacked your servers. I read your reports. I know you tortured two men last week. Oh, not you personally. But you gave the orders, didn't you? You just let Sharon and Natasha do it."
There were a couple of ways Steve could see this going. Tony could have reassured him and told him that it had been fine, probably even good, both because Steve knew Tony was generous with compliments and because no one had ever suggested to Steve that he was unusually bad at kissing. Tony could have told him he was being ridiculous and that there wasn't a lick of difference between kissing a man and kissing a woman, except maybe the potential for beard burn. Rationally, Steve knew that was true. Steve supposed there was even a hideous third option, where Tony told him that it had actually been pretty wretched. He knew that that one wasn't going to happen, but, for the sake of completeness, it did exist as a possibility.
"Again, an honor," Tiberius said, and then he checked his watch, in a manner that Steve was sure was meant to impress them with whatever watch he was wearing. His watch was heavy, gold, probably expensive. Tony probably knew exactly what kind it was. That was the sort of thing Tony would know. "You'll have to forgive me; I'll talk to you later. Two minutes until showtime, I'm afraid."
Before Steve is really conscious of what he's doing, he's halfway across the room, and perching himself on the edge of the bed next to Tony. The bed creaks even more.
When Steve gets to the basement, the door to Mr. Stark's workshop is cracked open. Steve stands on the threshold, steels himself, and takes a breath before announcing his presence. "Iron Man?" he calls out, and then pauses. "Mr. Stark?"
?" He wants to, and Iron Man sounds like he's at least interested. Steve doesn't understand what's going on here.
Steve wondered if it would be a good idea to suggest a temporary leave of absence for Tony, until it all blew over.
Steve taps Tony lightly, both because that's an actual massage technique and also to get his attention. "Hey. Tell me if I'm hurting you, okay?"
Then came a set of nipple clamps -- surprisingly not vibranium, but then, Tony figured that made sense if no one had to struggle against them --and then a blindfold, and also a fairly sizable ball gag. Whoever wore that gag was probably a man, judging by the jaw size that could accommodate that, but, again, Tony didn't know if that was the box's owner.
Steve can feel his own face heat, and it takes conscious effort to prevent himself from stepping forward, fists clenched. He holds himself still. He'a never been a bully, and he's certainly not going to start now.
Tony shook his head. "I've never been here before, either, remember? I recognize some of your things." He jerked his head over at Steve's haphazard collection of photographs, atop the dresser. "But I don't know what your apartment actually looks like, so that doesn't help. I could be inventing this place out of whole cloth. I can't prove I'm not. And even if I had been here, he could be pulling from my mind. He definitely set some of the dreams in places he'd never been that I knew. He has the capacity to learn everything I know. I wasn't kidding."
So that was settled. They were taping on Monday morning; the program itself would air Monday evening. All Steve had to do was make it through the rest of the weekend without anything else terrible happening. He could do that. He didn't think there was any way for the situation to get much worse.
Steve takes a deep breath. He doesn't know why Mr. Stark is doing this, but he's not going to let it get to him.
Okay. Well. Steve doesn't know what to do except go on from here. He gets up, pours himself a cup of orange juice and a bowl of cereal, and carries them both back to the table.
Impulsively, Tony bent down, tipped Steve's chin up, and kissed him properly. "Harder," Steve said, against his mouth, the same thing he'd said about everything else tonight, and when Tony bit his lip he made an absolutely joyous noise. Steve was leaning into him, trying to press himself against him, with a quiet jingle of vibranium.
When Tony glanced over, Steve was very carefully not looking at him, eyes trained on the instrumentation. So much for Steve being his friend again, he supposed.
Just as Tony had promised, Tiberius gave a press conference saying exactly what Tony had said he would say: Tony had visited Donahue at Tiberius' request, and to the best of Tiberius' knowledge, Tony was not responsible for the death of Whiplash. Steve had watched it on the five o'clock news, seething quietly.
, like he thinks he's done something wrong here. His eyes are glimmering with tears. The bad kind of tears. "It's all right," he tells Tony. "You're all right. You did everything right. I've got you, okay? I've got you. I'm right here, see? I'm not going far. Just to the other side of the room. I'm not leaving. I promise."
"So that's a no," Tony concluded, acidly. "No mercy for them. So tell me, Ty, why should I have any mercy for you?"
"Good surprise," Steve said, instantly, like he didn't even have to think about it, and something loosened in Tony's chest, a lifetime of pressure and worry gone at last. "
Steve opens his eyes. Tony's left hand is atop his, two long fingers resting just beneath Steve's knuckles. The burn on the back of Tony's hand is an old wound, scarred and knotted, the flesh drawn up in a starburst. The pads of his fingers are thick with calluses. He's an engineer, all right. Steve likes that. Tony knows what work is. Tony saves the world with his very hands.
"Not much of a story there, I'm afraid," Steve said, finally. "I don't like wearing them just for play with a stranger, and I've... never been with anyone serious enough who wanted to give me one long-term."
Shutting his bedroom door behind himself, he lay down on his bed, yanked off one of his gloves, and pulled out his phone. Zero new messages. Tony hadn't replied yet.
When they hit the fifth floor, Tony broke off from the rest of the group -- or, rather, he attempted to, but Steve followed him.
Steve straightened his legs out and -- with Tony dragging him by the harness -- rolled over, wincing as his plugged, bruised, and generally-abraded ass hit the bed. "Oh," Steve breathed, eyes wide and unfocused, drunk on pleasure. "Oh, mmm. That's good. Now-- now what?"
Jesus. Tony had to palm his own cock through his pants or this was going to get extremely embarrassing for him. Unsteady, he rocked on his feet. "Okay, who are you and what have you done with the real Steve Rogers?"
He glanced over at his bike, then Tony's car. "Okay, well," he said. "Since I'm pretty sure you don't know where my apartment is off the top of your head, do you want to follow me over?"
Steve wanted to hold him again. He didn't dare. They were too close. Tony's thigh brushed his, and it wasn't like he'd never been this close to Tony before, but Tony was here
"I want kids." There's a longing in Iron Man's voice that Steve's never heard before. "I definitely want kids. But I don't think I should have them."
Stephen extends his shaking, gloved hands over Steve's head, palms held parallel to each other. As Tony watches, a mass of rainbow light gathers in the space between them.
him," Jan said, only a little impatiently. "Text him and tell him where you're going. He'll see it the next time he checks his phone."
"It's okay," Steve says, gently, knowing the words are inadequate, but he doesn't have anything better. "It worked out. We made it. No one died."
"I don't think you get what you want," Tony said, softly. "Not a lot. I think you think that as long as you're not visibly suffering, it's okay." He licked his lips; he seemed to be choosing his words with care. "I pay attention to you. When someone offers you something, you'll take it if it's close enough to what you really want. You probably tell yourself no one gets everything they want. Life's not fair. Why ask for
"I don't think I can sleep right now," Tony confessed. "I know I need to, God, I need to, but it's-- it's terrifying." The statement was bare, unadorned.
," Steve blurts out, stupidly. It's probably not the first thing he should have thought of. He's sure the rest of it will hit him eventually. His face is hot. No wonder Iron Man had been trying so hard not to laugh. "You must think I'm such an idiot. Oh, God, I tried to give money to
He holds up his hand and slowly crosses two fingers. He hopes they still have that gesture these days, but Mr. Stark smiles at him again and gives him a thumbs-up, like pilots used to, so they must still do that.
Tony holds out his hand, the one that isn't cradling the helmet, fingers splayed like he's trying to stop Steve, but his palm is facing the floor. It's a reflex, Steve realizes. No, not just a reflex. Trigger discipline. Tony wears the armor every day. If he had the gauntlets on, he wouldn't want to point his hands at anything he wouldn't want to shoot.
Steve pushed his way faster past two more seats, almost to the front of the plane. "Shake it. Countermeasures."
That damn smile slid back onto Tiberius' gloating face. "Captain, we've established that I'm not doing
Steve nuzzled his way to the base of Tony's cock. Tony was very warm here; something deep within Steve liked the heat and the scent of him, and he was glad he liked it. He'd thought he would, but... it was good to know. Tony sighed, and Steve took another breath and licked up the side of his cock in one broad swipe of his tongue, tasting him for the first time.
"Cap!" Jan said, breathless. "Are you and Tony all right? SHIELD said they'd intervened, but they didn't give me any of the details, and you didn't log a mission report, and--"
Steve supposes now he has to man up and talk about his feelings. "Are you okay?" he asks, and it unfortunately sounds like a demand, spoken aloud.
SHIELD had stepped back and let the police handle it, and the police had been extremely amenable to hearing the story that Captain America and Tony Stark told them -- the one where Tony had come to confront Tiberius about everything he'd done to try to ruin him, and in response Tiberius had locked him into DreamVision and keep him there. The story had even been true, though it had left out the fact that Tony and Tiberius had been dating. Tiberius hadn't corrected the omission.
When he passed Tony the blue mug instead, Tony's fingers brushed his, pressing against Steve's hand for a period of time that Steve tried to tell himself was perfectly normal, before he managed to get the mug balanced between his palms. Tony wrapped his hands around the mug like he'd never been warm before.
The debriefing itself is mercifully brief, and Steve is on edge the entire time; he needs to find out if Iron Man is all right.
got the idea, Tony. I hated you before I met you. I hated you as soon as I heard your name. You were the heir to Stark Industries, the heir to the Stark fortune. I knew that one day you were going to inherit your father's business, and I was going to inherit mine. We were always going to be rivals. You were my enemy. You've always been."
Frowning, Tony headed to the living room, making sure that the bedroom door was very securely shut behind him as he did so, because the last thing he needed was to explain the massive selection of kinky sex toys laid out on his bed to... well, anyone.
There was an odd look in Tony's eyes; Steve couldn't quite interpret it. "Not at all," Tony said, a little too lightly. "I'm just suggesting that maybe you don't know yourself as well as you think you do." He smiled again. He had something on his mind, but Steve had no idea what. "Maybe you ought to re-examine some of your cherished beliefs about what you want to do with me, hmm?"
But still, it could have been better. Steve considers this as he watches Tony peel himself out of his battered armor, piece by piece. It was a bad crash, so bad that even Tony's not flight-capable, but he's in one piece. The helmet dented, which is why Tony doesn't have his own comms anymore, but at least it was the helmet and not Tony's head. Mostly.
"You heard what I said, then," Tony said, seeming to pick his way delicately through the words. "About how I'd talked to Trevor Donahue, and how he'd made a strong argument for the theory that Ty had resented me for years because my father's business practices drove his father to suicide. I told you I was going to confront Ty with the truth."
Steve supposes that's a no on raising future children Catholic. He's fine with that, though; it's not like they could even have a church wedding if they wanted one. He half-wonders when it got this serious. It should scare him, shouldn't it? But it doesn't. He just wants
Steve doesn't understand a thing about what's going on. All he knows is that Iron Man's hurting, and he can't abide that.
"Yeah, that," Steve said. He could feel himself smile in reminiscence; Tony looked at him like he was insane. "You remember you told me how you liked to give people attributes?"
Steve did this to him. Steve made him feel this happy. He thinks he never really understood the phrase
at him. God. "I, uh." He bites his lip. "I've never had any complaints." He realizes, too late, how that must sound, now that Iron Man's just finished explaining why he doesn't want what Steve wants. Steve shuts his eyes. "I'm sorry. I can do without, honest. I don't mean to pressure you."
And Iron Man takes hold of his arm, his gauntleted hand so carefully gentle as he cradles Steve's arm with only the barest suggestion of pressure.
It would be okay. He could go downstairs and fix himself some breakfast. He'd feel better. It was late enough that everyone else was probably already gone. He liked the thought of that. He didn't want to face anyone else right now. He didn't want to explain what he'd done to himself. He was going to have to deal with other people eventually, he was sure, but for right now he could just be alone. Good.
In reply, Steve lifts Tony's hand, his grip loose enough that Tony could slip away if he wanted, and he presses Tony's fingers to his lips. His fingers are a little colder than they should be -- everyone's are, to Steve -- but Steve suspects that's leftover from the heart attack. Tony's fingers are softer than Steve was expecting; sure, there are scars, but Tony's skin is supple, lightly perfumed with lotion. He takes care of himself. He knows how to be both weapon and comfort. If he touched Steve, he'd be gentle.
Dropping Tony's hand, Steve puts his finger to his lips -- just to remind Tony to keep any chatter on comms and not external speakers -- and then unslings his shield. He tests the weight, finds the familiar balance of the shield in his hand, and then reaches out with his other hand. He fumbles for his belt pouch, finds the access card Tony gave him a couple years ago, swipes it, and noiselessly eases the door open.
Not bothering to turn on the light, Steve scanned the living room bookshelf in the dimness. He didn't know exactly what he was looking for, but he'd know it when he saw it.
not his secret. If it had just been him, that would have been a different question. Steve still didn't know if he was brave enough to be able to come out to anyone at all -- God, he didn't know how he could risk his life every day and still be so terrified of this -- but at least that part of the secret affected only him. But it wasn't just about him, was it?
Shifting position, Steve takes Iron Man's hand; he runs his fingers over the familiar lines of the gauntlet, up and down the back of Iron Man's hand, sideways over his palm to the dimmed repulsor.
When Steve slides into the back seat, he discovers that he isn't alone. That's Mr. Stark's own driver up front.
If Steve were a different kind of man, a charming flirt like Tony is, he'd have some witty, innuendo-laden retort to match him. If Steve were the kind of man who liked talking about his damn feelings, he'd say something soft, urgent, sympathetic.
He knows that's not the usual way most people would set up this scene, but in an hour or so Tony's going to be so far down he's not even going to be coordinated enough to stay on his hands and knees, and this way, Tony won't have to do any of the work. All he has to do is lie back and enjoy it. An anniversary present.
Tony set his hands in his lap, lacing his fingers awkwardly together, out of things to fidget with. He was silent.
"Hey," Steve says, and Tony opens his eyes to see Steve's face, soft and gentle. "An accident means it's nobody's fault, right? Means you didn't want this to happen?" He pauses. "Doesn't sound to me like it could be your fault."
Obviously uncomfortable, Steve shifts on his feet and looks away. "I know it's none of my business, but I assume you tried telling them how you feel?"
"You do that," Steve said, breathing harder now, "and I'm probably going to come whether you like it or not. Maybe should have mentioned."
If he could have told his past self about the future, he was sure his past self, poor and cold and hungry and lonely, would never have believed that
Steve leans back and considers Iron Man. Iron Man's got beautiful eyes, of course -- but it's not like the rest of him isn't gorgeous. He doesn't know if Mr. Stark intended to show his bodyguard off by designing armor like this, but the golden metal mesh of the armor clings to Iron Man's arms and legs and he's-- well, he's definitely well-built. It's impossible not to notice; it's practically painted on his muscles. No one could ever actually mistake him for a robot. Steve's never considered himself the kind of man who cares overmuch about this sort of thing, but, well, it's nice that Iron Man is handsome. The kind of nice that makes him feel warm all over. The kind of nice he probably shouldn't be thinking about in public.
Tony finally raised his head. He looked like-- well, he looked like someone who'd been crying for an awful long time. His eyes were glassy, seemingly a paler blue, and bloodshot; his skin was blotchy; and his face was damp with tears and snot, dripping into his beard. His chin was tilted up, almost defiantly, as if he were bracing for Steve to tell him what a mess he was. Steve was going to do no such thing. This seemed like progress, though; Tony was looking at him. Tony was probably going to cry again. That would be okay. These things happened.
Mr. Stark's throat works. A muscle in his jaw quivers. The look in his eyes is pure desolation. And then he speaks.
Steve's taken a lot of bullets in the line of duty. When it happens, there's almost always a bizarre moment of incongruity in the seconds after the gunshot echoes fade, when he looks down at himself and watches blood oozing from the wound, soaking his uniform. There's a terrible sense of wrongness, even stronger than the pain, sometimes: this doesn't belong here. This isn't a thing that's supposed to happen. His body shouldn't do this.
, when he woke from the ice: the red-gold gleam of Iron Man's armor, and the brilliant blue of Iron Man's eyes behind the mask. It's the first thing he heard, too: the crackle of Iron Man's voice, like a static-filled radio.
Vibranium rang out, and, thank God, that was Steve swinging the shield directly at Flag Smasher's head, knocking him out cold. Hopefully this time he was going to stay that way.
"You can come anywhere you want," Steve breathed, tilting his head back, an offering. "My thighs. My ass. You can come on my face and take a picture and jerk off to it every night you're away from me, because I'm yours, yeah, I know I'm yours."
When the world came back into view, Tony was staring at him, unashamed, enthralled. There was still a smile playing around his lips. His fingers traced the line of Steve's collarbone, then down, deliberately avoiding Steve's nipple. Tony was probably saving that experiment for later. Steve liked the thought of there being a later. Tony's fingers glanced over his skin, and Tony was still staring, utterly fascinated. Besotted.
? No one who really knows me is ever going to love me. Like I said, the only man who ever loved me demonstrated that stunningly well."
"No," Tony said, immediately. He sighed. "Okay, maybe. But it's not-- I guess I should have expected you'd be-- yeah, I know the gay thing is a lot to deal with. I get it. I was just hoping that when you'd said nothing was going to be different, that was going to be what was really going to happen."
Steve has no idea what's going on. "I respect Iron Man's privacy," he says, bewildered; maybe if he explains this, if he explains how he feels, Mr. Stark will see the truth. He's not going to hurt Iron Man. He's not going to demand anything from him. "I don't need to know everything about him. He doesn't have to tell me anything he doesn't want to tell me. I know everything about him that's really important."
He wouldn't have moved on his own, but it seemed that he was going to go wherever Steve went, and Steve obediently dragged him backwards, still holding him tight. Apparently Steve gave really good hugs, too.
Steve's cock is huge and hard in his hand, and it definitely doesn't look like he needs the help, but he gives himself a few strokes anyway, and Tony is always absolutely down to watch Steve jerk off. It's his favorite show. Steve whimpers and bites his lip, and Tony's positive from the careful, slow slide of Steve's fist that Steve is pretty close to done already and knows it.
"Tony," Steve said, wounded, but he knew he couldn't be hurting right now as much as Tony was. "Tony, that's not true--"
Steve knows he's offering Tony the most meager scraps of a life. He doesn't know whether that's better or worse than what the doctors are offering.
"Yep," Tony confirms. He's dabbing the washcloth lightly against the base of his throat. He looks significantly less terrible. He grins. "That's it. Congratulations, you've found the appropriate lube."
Steve looked at the guy in the yellow suit on the floor, then back up at Tony. "Jesus," he said, his voice rough and somehow impressed, "you really are drugged to the gills, aren't you?"
Tony was handsome, of course, but it wasn't about that. It had never been about that. But it definitely didn't hurt -- except that now it actually kind of did. Tony looked about half-ready for a day at the office; his shirt was buttoned all the way up, and his jacket and tie were piled on the chair next to him, atop his briefcase. He wasn't the fella from the headlines. He was just
Steve bites his lip hard as Tony groans and comes all over the shower glass, painting it in spurts before sagging backwards and turning off the porn with an idle wave of his hand. His cock is softening rapidly, which is actually the point; for what they've got planned, Tony doesn't want to be hard.
And he was just going to knock Jarvis out of consideration immediately because... ugh. No. No way. Jarvis had always been like a father to him. Jarvis definitely did not own an Iron Man butt plug. Tony wished he could unthink that thought right now. There were some mental images he did not need to have.
"Just look at you," Tony murmured. "I can hardly believe I'm here, finally here, and you're letting me touch you."
of falsifying evidence, when they'd set the whole damn thing up. "As I said, the monitoring was in real time, transmitted directly from the armor. There was no possibility of tampering. The opportunity didn't exist."
Tony's fingers were long and elegant, and less scarred than Steve had thought they might be; he'd picked up a few scars, but they all looked fairly recent. Then again, they'd all only been alive for a couple years, and Tony had mentioned losing other scars. Tony hummed contentedly again as Steve traced the base of Tony's thumb, massaging out every scrap of tension.
So it's familiar, being with Tony when he's like this. But it's not on offer, because that wasn't something that Tony offered. So that's not what they're doing tonight. It doesn't mean Steve can't think about it, though, his mind offering up the smallest details: sweat running down the curve of Tony's neck, the way Tony's body yields, that
The familiar sleek shape of Stark Tower is ahead of them, and Tony starts sinking, clearly heading for the front door. Steve doesn't know if that means Ghost is still close to the ground floor -- he'd only just entered the building, invisible, a blur of movement through a window and then a ripple of distorted light on the security cameras -- or whether it just means that Tony isn't thinking clearly enough to head in through the penthouse the way he ordinarily does.
"Hush, you," Tony said, still grinning. "And come help me draft all my damn press releases after breakfast."
"I can do brunch tomorrow?" Tony offered. He smiled. God, he was so beautiful. "Look, I'll even let you make the reservations. How about that?" He smiled a little wider. "There you go. Don't pout, Winghead."
Maybe if Steve were less tired, he wouldn't do this, but right now it seems like a great idea. He rolls forward, sliding down Iron Man's chest until he topples over entirely, his head in Iron Man's lap. Iron Man feels so nice. His thighs are strong, muscular... and a good pillow. Steve's always thought Iron Man has good legs.
Tony sighs, all the tension ebbing out of him. Steve slows down a little, a silent question in his eyes, and Tony flails out an uncoordinated hand, trying to encourage Steve.
He saw the flaw in Tony's logic. Maybe not the way Tony would have -- after all, he wasn't Tony -- but he felt it, instinctively, like a tactical plan with a hole in it. It didn't feel right.
Instead, it was Carol's shocked, saddened face in front of him. Her gloved hand briefly covered her mouth. "You're moving out?" she asked.
a few weeks ago and it wasn't-- it just wasn't what she really wanted. I wasn't what she really wanted. So we called it quits." His throat worked. "I'm probably too old-fashioned for you, aren't I?"
Tony watches Steve stumble inside, bloodied, swaying on his feet, but he left Doom behind him, so he must have won. He sketches the bones of the tale to the rest of the team -- the Phoenix Force. Possession. The battle.
Steve needn't have worried. His body knew exactly what it wanted to do. He slid his palms a little lower down Tony's back, a suggestion that Steve knew he needed permission for. "Tony, Tony," he gasped out. "That's so good, Tony. You feel so good. Can I-- can I please--?"
Jan laid a sympathetic hand on Steve's arm. "It'll be okay, Cap," she said, and she said it like she understood. She couldn't have understood how he really felt, of course, but of the two of them, she was the one who had actually dated Tony. Because Tony, Steve reminded himself, was straight. "Tony does this. You know he does this. He'll come back."
. If Tony hadn't dodged when he had, that blast would have taken his head off. Steve realized he was digging his fingers into his thigh, hard enough that he was probably going to bruise. It didn't matter. Tony mattered. Tony was the only thing that mattered.
. But it turns out that there's one fewer person in that relationship than I thought there was. I'm still upset that you don't like
"Look," Tony murmured. "Here I am. I made it, okay? I made it through all that. that. I survived. I'm right here. Not going anywhere. Here, here--"
Tony considers this. Steve's used to watching Tony think, and it's obvious that Tony's thinking much slower than normal. A decision that should have been instant takes several seconds, as Tony's brow furrows in thought. This shouldn't be a hard question.
He looked at Tony, sitting patiently at the other end of the couch, and he thought he understood now how Tony had felt about him when he'd come out of DreamVision. Some atavistic part of him wasn't going to be able to believe Tony was alive and well unless he touched him again, even though he'd been holding Tony not ten minutes ago.
Tony smiled and dipped his head. "I don't have anything here to attach the chains to that's stronger than you, so you're going to have to be your own attachment points. Think of it like bodyweight exercises, and-- oh--"
"Look," Steve said, finally. "I know you think it's, I don't know, funny, but I wish you wouldn't say things you didn't mean--"
He should have noticed it. He should have picked up the phone. Tony sounded like a wreck. What had happened? It couldn't be Avengers business; that would have gone on the card.
His voice must be too sharp when he says it; he didn't mean to give himself away. But Tony knows he's up to something, even if he doesn't know what, because his gaze is suddenly shrewd.
There's a couch wedged into one of the corners, piled with dark red cushions. It looks like it's seen better days, which isn't the condition Steve would have expected from someone with Tony Stark's money to throw around. It has a few rips in the fabric, and there are some stains on the armrest that look like oil, and a few scorch marks, but when Steve settles in, he sinks into the cushions and discovers it's extremely soft.
Wobbling, Tony takes a step backwards. It's exactly what he shouldn't have done. Now Ghost knows for certain that something's wrong with Tony. Not to mention that Tony said the armor kept him upright; if the armor is having to work this hard, Tony must be absolutely terrible underneath.
He could have been there for purely business-related reasons, an Avenger needing to talk to his team leader. That confrontation with Ghost Rider a few days ago had gotten a little hairier than any of them had expected, and it was probably a good idea to talk to Steve and try to get a sense of what was going to end up in Steve's mission report, and what areas he thought they had to work on. He did tend to expect the best of everyone; it was one of the many things Tony liked about him, and Tony had suspected for a long time that the fact that Steve managed to actually get the best out of everyone was his secret, undocumented superpower.
He already knew what the reason was. He always knew what the reason was. In the end, no one really wanted Tony. Steve would probably have a different way to say it, of course. Some way to soften the blow. But there was only ever the same reason.
Tony was still staring at him, amazed, and Steve knew, knew without Tony needing to say it, that Tony felt exactly the same. He didn't need to say it. Steve could wait to hear it. He had all the time in the world. He already knew it was true.
Daring, Steve runs his fingers over Iron Man's wrist, up the inside of his arm, as Iron Man exhales hard and shudders in unfeigned pleasure.
Tony looked up at him and took a shaking breath. "Here's the truth," he said. He sounded like he was about thirty seconds from a breakdown, holding himself together with willpower alone. "I went to see Trevor Donahue yesterday. I did. That part's not a lie. But it wasn't anything like that, I swear. Ty had asked me to do him a favor. He said that ViaStone was considering acquiring Donahue, and he asked me, as a friend, to check Donahue out. See what I thought of the guy, you know? Be a consultant." Tony's mouth twisted. "The last thing Whiplash said before he died was that he'd been sent by Donahue to kill me. So I was interested anyway. So I went."
"Okay," Tony says. This is not okay. He runs his hands through his hair. "You might want to sit back down."
And Tony gasped and jerked awake, a shudder running through his whole body, like he'd woken up from a nightmare. He blinked, and his eyes focused on Steve. His wide-eyed gaze was full of tremulous hope and heartbreaking fear. Like he didn't know if Steve was real, but like he desperately wanted him to be.
He unlocked the door, stepped back, let Steve in. Steve closed the door behind himself firmly, like he really wanted to make sure it was shut, and stepped away from the door into the room proper. He'd said it would only take a couple of minutes, but he was sure acting like this was a serious conversation.
"I didn't know how to say it," Steve admits. His face is hot. He doesn't even know why he didn't offer. "I've been told I'm not bad. I mean, I'm hardly a professional--"
Steve tries not to think about all the people Tony's loved who have never loved him back. He knows it's a long list. He can probably name most of the people on it, anyway, because that's how long he's known Tony.
"I wasn't going to say coffee, actually." Tony's smile was more than a little awkward. "I think it's a little too late in the evening for that. Or black tea. Herbal tea would be lovely, thanks."
Thor shook his head. "Nay, I fear my realm is only thunder, Captain. Methinks Iron Man would serve thee best." He gave Tony a sidelong glance -- and okay, yeah, Thor was the only one of them who knew Iron Man had a doctorate in electrical engineering.
, a man who already knew exactly how to do what he liked for him. Steve had known he wouldn't be able to measure up. It had been yet another reason why he'd been so sure that this would stay a fantasy. But now it was real, he'd acted on it, and he had to deal with it.
Steve sets a pace that Tony's never gotten from him before, driving into him, fast and heavy and hard. Knowing that this, right here, is just what Steve wants, exactly how Steve wants to get off, is doing incredible things for Tony. Every thrust leaves Tony breathless. Usually Tony's talking up a storm, urging him on, saying filthier and filthier things, but it's so good that Tony can't even begin to put words together. He's just along for the ride.
It's eleven o'clock now, and they're back at the mansion and well into the part of the celebration that's decidedly
Then Tony started stroking him in earnest, and Steve let his head tip back against the pillow, losing himself in the sensation. The clich would have been to say that he couldn't form words, but that had never, ever been Steve's problem. He wasn't so great at coherent thought, but as soon as someone else started touching him, his mouth never stopped.
Steve isn't sure what Iron Man means. "A medical problem?" he ventures. "Your heart? Wait, no. I don't know."
Tony's gaze was utterly enraptured. Like he seriously thought this was the best thing he'd ever heard. Well, that was different.
"I know," Tony said, but there was still something wounded in his gaze. "I know what you meant. I just-- I can't offer you that."
He expected the question to make Tony angry. To make him furious. To make him raise his voice again. But Tony shut his eyes, and when he opened them again, there was only anguish in them. His eyes reflected too much light. He looked like he was about to cry.
again. If I drive, or if I fly, someone's going to notice. And then the media will notice." He grimaced. "But I'm betting your neighbors are used to your comings and goings at all hours. You won't attract attention, even with a passenger. And that way I won't either, if I ride with you. I'll text Happy and have him come pick the car up tomorrow." He sighed, and he looked up at Steve, the question still in his eyes. "I just want one damn morning where I wake up and I'm not the front-page headline. Just one. And maybe I don't deserve it. But that's what I want."
Anyway, that meant it was ViaStone's paper now. Which meant it was Tiberius' paper. Steve wasn't really surprised.
"So hold your arm out just like that -- yeah, that's right, honey, good job," Tony said, as he started to wrap Steve's arm for cushioning, with the vet wrap that had been in the kit. Tony had wiped up the blood from most of the scrapes; Steve had told him not to bother with the rest.
Wong answers the video call after an inordinately long number of seconds, rubbing his eyes. Tony can't bring himself to feel bad for waking him up.
"Can I tell people?" she asks, and then smiles ruefully and clarifies. "Not everyone. Not the whole world. Just the rest of the team."
"There are a lot of hazards of the job," Tony says, after a pause. His voice has gone harsh, and his eyes are unfocused. He's looking through Steve, looking back to something that isn't here, something that already happened.
"That's what I like to hear," Tony said, and he slid his hand back up Steve's chest to start working on the fastening of Steve's uniform shirt.
He knew the hell that Tony would go through if he came out. Sure, if Steve came out, the public repercussions for him would probably be getting denounced by family-values groups. At worst, they'd take the shield from him. But they'd done that before, and he knew he'd survive if they did it again. Nobody who actually mattered to him would think less of him. He knew his friends. He was confident of that.
There was silence in the Quincarrier for a few long seconds, and Steve's voice, when it finally came, was subdued. "I know I don't do well with feelings," Steve said, quietly, anguished, staring off into the skies. "But I forgave you. I forgive you now. And I want-- I want-- you mean the world to me, Tony. Even if sometimes I do a piss-poor job of showing it."
After a hurried dinner of Chinese delivery, fried rice eaten while standing in his empty kitchen, he turned his attention to his newest acquisition: the box.
There's a low, throaty note in his voice that's never been there before, and something in Steve thrills to hear it. Tony's
"I'm sorry," he says. He hates when he doesn't know things that everyone else now does."I don't know what you mean."
Steve was very conscious of the fact that his shirt was sleeveless, and if Tony continued on his path, there was a whole lot of arm for him to cover. And after that, Steve didn't know what Tony would do. It was an uncertainty whose every option was something he was going to enjoy. He couldn't remember being this far gone over just
"Maybe you don't think your own happiness should count," Steve continues, and he's selfish, he's so selfish, but he wants this so much. "But what about mine? You make me happy, Shellhead. You make me happier than I've ever been. Don't you want
On the other side of a column about twenty feet from the escalator landing, Tony finally found an outlet. All right. He was in business. He ran a hand over the armor, frowned critically at himself and then worked at the little panel at the lower edge of the chestplate, just above where the groin plating started. It was tricky to do while wearing gauntlets -- he really ought to think about revising that design -- but eventually the clasp came undone and the panel popped open.
Steve's goddamn perfect eidetic memory let him quote back every one of Tony's words, let them cut him open anew.
His fingers ran over the grooves of his own belt buckle. The way Tony was leaning against him, he couldn't quite see Tony's face, but he heard Tony's sharp inhalation of breath, full of desire and somehow disbelief, as if even now he still couldn't quite accept it was happening.
"Sort of." Tony grimaced. "I thought at the time that it had. The thing is, the way it went down was that I had to download Jocasta into my armor's onboard storage and then upload her when I got back to my mainframe. The thing that hadn't occurred to me at the time was that she'd had to disable the sentience safeguards in order to reside in the armor at all for any length of time. Technically, it was my call. I gave her root access and she made all the changes she needed to make. I'd completely forgotten about the safeguards."
That was true enough, but it was also clear that she was going easy on him in terms of her powerset. She was pulling her punches as much as she could, and if this had been a real fight, he absolutely wouldn't have wanted to be in the position he was in now. While Carol excelled at both melee and ranged fighting, if she'd actually been using all her powers, he wouldn't have wanted to go up against her at a distance without his shield. She could have flattened him with a photon blast, which she very kindly was not currently using. He'd have taken his chances in melee. It was what he was doing right now, anyway.
tonight," Steve said, with only a little asperity. "Obviously it's still on your mind. And that's fine. It was a lot. It's okay. I don't think that's really the same thing as not talking about your exes. But more importantly, nothing he said was true," he said, pleading. "You know that. I know you know that."
Steve nods slowly. It's a fair point. He hadn't thought of that. He suspects that, given that, he's also one of the only people Iron Man is willing to date.
As they entered Brooklyn, getting off the bridge, Steve braked, and Tony leaned into him. One of Tony's hands slid an inch or two forward, and he didn't move it back. Tony's thumb slipped just inside the leather of Steve's belt, and Steve forgot to breathe for a good five seconds.
So if instead it feels like he ought to have an instruction manual and a set of socket wrenches, that's fine. Better than fine. This is the real Tony. This is Steve's beloved Shellhead, coming out of the shell. And this is for him alone, for the two of them, not for anyone who buys a magazine.
Right. Work. Tony offered Steve the probes with one hand. "Do you want to do the honors? You're a little less... conductive... than I am right now."
"Fine," he says, in a tone that strongly suggests that the conversation has now ended. It's probably how he addresses the Stark Industries board. "Don't say I didn't warn you."
"So, yes," Tony concluded. "I'll agree that he's a despicable human being, but also he's the kind of despicable human being who wouldn't have wanted to deliberately ruin his
Iron Man's faceplate gleams golden in the dim theater, and Steve realizes Iron Man is watching him rather than the film. He's probably trying to figure out what Steve thinks of his choice.
That was all a fantasy. Fantasy Steve liked him like that. Fantasy Steve liked kink like that. Once, just once, Tony had allowed himself to construct a truly luxuriant fantasy, to picture himself showing this side of himself to Steve in all his unsullied innocence, introducing Steve to this beautiful world of pleasure and pain, to everything he'd never known about himself. He'd imagined Steve looking up at him, languid and trusting, letting Tony wrap the softest cotton ropes around his wrists, thanking him for showing him all these amazing new things, promising to stay with him forever.
But Iron Man? Iron Man's different. With him, it's easy. It's all easy. There's no drama. Heck, there aren't even any fights. And, sure, maybe some people would say it's not a good idea to date a coworker -- but they still get along incredibly well as Avengers. Maybe even better than they did before. They don't fight about command decisions. It's as if Iron Man always knows what the call will be before he makes it -- and likewise, he always knows just where Iron Man's going to be before he leaps off a building. Iron Man catches him. Always.
Hesitantly, Steve reached over and picked up the juice. He stared at it for a few more seconds, and then took a sip.
Tony was looking thoughtful, still smiling, but there was an analytical look in his eyes that suggested that at some point in the near future he wanted to find out exactly how many times Steve could come. Yeah, Tony was definitely perfect. Tony looked like he had to recalibrate all his expectations. In a good way. Maybe Steve did too.
He should have told him. Not about the part where he had feelings for Tony, because of course Tony didn't want him, but he should have at least come out. At least then Tony would probably have stopped accusing him of homophobia. It was Steve's fault, that this was happening like this. Steve was the one making it possible.
Steve remembers wondering why anyone would give a damn about Iron Man's private medical business. He still doesn't think anyone should give a damn about Tony Stark's, either, but he understands that the gossip-hungry public would pounce on this tidbit, if they ever found it out. Steve's certainly not planning on telling anyone.
"Probably tibia," Steve agreed. It was still a little hard to think, but it was getting better. "Maybe fibula. Can't ever tell with that one."
The screen dimmed. "The possibilities," Tiberius said, "are endless. And with DreamVision, ViaStone is ready to deliver them all, straight to you." He smiled again, stepped back. "Thank you for your time."
There wasn't any point in trying to untangle Tony from him, so Steve pulled Tony down to the couch next to him. Tony's face was still pressed against his shoulder. Tony's chest was heaving against Steve's side.
." He said the name wrong again. "Since you kept telling me how much you liked it. How much you thought I'd like it. And you're usually a pretty good judge of what I'd like." There was a slightly longer pause. "I've never actually read a gay book before," Tony said, more quietly, eyes downcast. "I don't know what they're like. I-- I never wanted anyone to even suspect anything. I was scared. But it sounds like it might be... a good thing. For me to read. And you said it had a happy ending, and that sounds good. I was just wondering what the rest was about."
Steve takes a few strides forward, puts his hands on the workbench, leans in. He knows he's a big man. He knows he has
Tony lifted his head and smiled. He gave Steve's cock a friendly pat. "And you also weren't kidding about the blush, I see." He nodded, and Steve glanced down to see half his chest gone red, the way it often did. "But you, uh, didn't mention you were a talker, huh?"
Steve's dungeon fantasizing doesn't usually involve them being intimate with other people, though. Mostly these days he thinks about it as a way to show Tony off, filling some deep-rooted need in him. They'd all see that Tony's his sub, only his. They'd see how perfect he is -- because an awful lot of Steve's fantasies involve Tony being appreciated, whether or not it's him doing the appreciating -- and they'd see him like this, down in subspace, full of joy. Steve wants people to know how good Tony can be for him.
Tony was standing there, braced against the closed door. He looked like he'd gotten some sleep since Steve had last seen him, but that was the only positive Steve could name. His jeans were ripped, his t-shirt old and faded, the design flaking. Tony's eyes were narrowed sparks of blue flame, his face flushed dark, his body rigid with tension. Sweat beaded in the hollow of his throat. One hand came up to rub at his breastbone before dropping back to his side.
He must have asked Mr. Stark for permission. Given how Mr. Stark clearly feels about Iron Man, Steve can't imagine that that conversation went well, but he also knows it's not any of his business.
The solution to both his problems, he supposes, is the same. He just has to man up and ask Iron Man out. And if Iron Man says yes -- well, then maybe Steve can come up with some date ideas.
He gets one knee on the bed, leans in, and then cups the back of Tony's head and pulls him forward. Tony is still mostly sideways but he's pushing himself forward with his bound arms to get closer, trying to raise his head. Steve helps him, holds him steady, holds him up. It's not a comfortable position, long-term, but Steve already knows it's going to be over fast. He's always fast when Tony gets his mouth on him, and he's been waiting for this all night.
he had a broken hand. Boxer's fracture, Hank McCoy had called it, as he'd realigned the bones -- unfortunately without local anesthetic, because Steve was just that goddamn special -- and taped his fingers to each other before putting him in the splint.
This was it, Steve realized. This was the end of it. Tiberius was out of lies, out of masks, out of threats, and even out of coherent anger. He was reduced to this, this sputtering and obscene rage. He was nothing. He couldn't hurt Tony anymore.
Tony's taut, pinched expression, oddly, relaxes at Steve's complaint, as if he had been expecting something much worse, as if he wants to say
It was a sound strategy; in Tony's experience, magicians were pretty damn slippery. And, given the fact that if the guy was going to run anywhere it was probably going to be up rather than down, it made it less likely that he was going to run into their newest Avenger while doing so. But the way Steve had phrased it, it also wasn't likely to leave Tigra feeling slighted, because he wasn't asking her to do anything he wasn't also asking a founding Avenger to do. And Steve had undoubtedly taken all of that into account. It was just another one of the ways in which Steve was the best of all of them.
Abruptly, Tiberius sat back down, landing heavily in the chair. He was staring at Steve. He'd stopped smiling. His eyes were wide, and for an instant, just an instant, Steve glimpsed the emotion behind all the masks: fear.
. So he didn't. Not exactly. His idea of exhibiting restraint was not perhaps all that restrained -- but then, neither was Tony's. He thought that it would be better not to spring everything on Tony all at once. He'd eventually learned not to propose on the first date, after all. Tony hadn't even said the word
Tony wrapped his hand around the base of Steve's cock, joining his other hand, anchoring it there without losing the rhythm, and that was nice, but still not-- not quite enough.
Sometimes Steve thinks about Tony doing that for him, even before Steve knew who Tony was, preparing every suit for Steve's touch because some part of Tony had always known that he could trust Steve. Sure, maybe Steve finding out hadn't happened the way Steve had pictured it, but Steve likes to think that Tony always knew he was safe.
Iron Man nods creakily. "Fine," he rasps. "Better than fine. I'm just-- I"m not used to--" He laughs. "Not every day someone offers you happiness, you know?"
And Steve was starting to get a sense of how Tony liked it, now. Tony liked to be touched. Held. And, sure, most people did, but Tony seemed to really, really like it, more than anyone else Steve had been with. It made sense, really; Tony sure liked touching people. Touching anything, really. Steve had already known that about him. So of course Tony loved anything that gave him more of it.
. That doesn't change. He can't change that. He can try to explain it away, he can try to make excuses, but he still hurt you."
"And I'm worried about you," he concluded. "It was an awful shock to see you with this-- this-- this wound that I had no idea even existed, you know? I don't know what any of it is or what that metal thing does. I just-- I just want you to be okay." God, he was scared for Tony. "I know you've had heart problems. I know how bad it used to be. I know you didn't want anyone to know about this now, and I don't know if you didn't tell anyone because it was that bad again and you wanted to spare us. I know that was why you never told us about your heart, way back when. You thought you were dying, and then you almost did die, and you'd never said anything before then because you didn't want us to worry about you. And I want you not to be dying again." His eyes were hot. "And I don't even know if you are."
"I have a lot of practice seeming otherwise." Iron Man's voice is distant. "Also there's the part where I'm wearing a full-face mask. It's actually a lot easier to be Iron Man. Less to pretend." His eyes fall shut again behind the mask. "I wish... I wish I got to keep you. But I know I won't."
"Point taken," Steve said, like he could just put all the fights they'd ever had behind him with two words, and for some reason he was still petting Tony's face. Tony wasn't about to tell him to stop. "I'm sorry, I just-- how the hell did you not see them coming?"
Then Tony jerked his head across the room. "And as for you, Ty, you've definitely met an Avenger before! Jan and Hank are right over there!"
"I, uh," Steve says. "I didn't pick out the color scheme, if you were wondering. That was Mr. Stark's idea, I guess." He can feel himself grimacing. What if Iron Man thinks it's silly?
This changed everything. It changed absolutely everything, and at the same time Tony had no clue what to do about it. Not only was he looking for an Avenger who was kinky, he was looking for an Avenger
Steve was wearing a clean uniform, devoid of bloodstains, so either Tony had been out for a while (likely) or someone had convinced Steve to take a break (unlikely). Or both. On the other hand, he did look like he'd shaved recently, so maybe it wasn't as unlikely as all that. His expression was easy and open, hopeful and gentle and a little uncertain, as if he'd only just become acquainted with the idea of happiness and didn't know what to think about it yet.
He feels a little better, thinking about that. He has a lot of favorite fantasies involving Tony, from the romantic to the... well, Steve still thinks they're romantic, and isn't that what's important? Most people wouldn't call half of his fantasies sweet, but they both know the truth. Reminding himself that Tony loves him makes the aching tangle of shame in his chest loosen, just a little.
And yet, here he is, six months later, with a whole new problem and only one question on his mind, consuming his thoughts every day, a question so private that he can only trust the anonymity of the internet to answer it for him. There will be an answer. The internet has answers to everything.
Iron Man seems to notice the fraying state of Steve's nerves; beneath the mask, his blue eyes widen in concern. "Cap?" he asks. "You all right there? You look a little... overwhelmed."
What the hell. Why not? It wasn't like Tony was going to be alive to use the armor for much longer. At least he was wearing clean underwear. At least he was only wearing underwear. He wouldn't have to ruin perfectly good clothing. And it was the nice underwear, too. He hadn't thought he'd die in sexy lingerie, but he supposed he should have anticipated it, given the general shape of his existence so far. Oh, well.
"Yes and no," Tony said. It seemed to Steve like there shouldn't have been any room for equivocation there. "It wasn't really up to me." He took a breath. "Okay. So there were two heart attacks, total. The first one happened when Whiplash hit me with that lightning. I passed out in the suit, fell out of the sky, smacked into the pavement in the middle of Miami. It was a great night." He smiled sadly. Steve stared at him in horror. "Sometimes I wonder if this was why it all turned out the way it did." Tony sounded contemplative. "My armor came alive, and the first thing it felt was my pain. Imagine you've never felt anything at all, anything in your entire life, and the first thing you feel is a heart attack."
Steve realized he wasn't doing a great job not staring at the livid, bruised shadows of kisses on Tony's neck.
After a few seconds, Tony turned over and stretched out. His head slid all the way down into Steve's lap.
Not a lot of people knew Steve Rogers was Captain America, and not enough people knew him well enough to know that the man in the uniform and the man under the uniform were two different people, but Tony did. He was still awed every time, when Steve stood taller, shone brighter, embodied every good thing about the spirit of the country. A nation's ideals come to life. After all these years, he still didn't understand how Steve did it, and he didn't think he ever would. He was just glad Steve let him stand by his side and let a little of his light shine on him.
He was going to solve this. This was just like any puzzle. He was good at puzzles. He could solve this one too.
He ran his thumb over Tony's brow, smoothing out the lines. "Just because I never imagined this particular situation doesn't make it wrong." He smiled. "I wouldn't have asked if I didn't want this. It can just be simple. Nice. Easy. Because I love you, and I want you to know that you're here with me and you're safe, and I want you to be happy. I don't need anything elaborate or complicated. It can just be like this." He put his hand on Tony's shoulder, pulled him a little closer. "Waiting for the absolute perfect time just means a lot of waiting. And the way our lives are, we never know what the future holds." Tony was staring at him like he'd honestly never expected Steve to be the one trying to talk him into bed. Steve wasn't pushing him -- he hoped he wasn't pushing him -- but that didn't mean he didn't want Tony to know he was interested. "If you want to wait, because you don't want to do this right now, I'm happy to wait. I understand that. But I'm just saying you don't have to wait on my account. As far as I'm concerned, it's already good. You're here in my bed, where I've always wanted you to be. And you want me. For me it
"Okay, now I love you more," Tony said, instantly, and Steve burst out laughing. "You would, though?" Tony asked. "For real?"
Tony did none of those things. His face went noticeably paler, pupils constricted again, and he tensed up, spending all the dregs of his exhausted energy, languid limbs now coiling into a fight-or-flight readiness, as if his body was determined to undo every last iota of happiness that Steve had tried to give him.
The reporter in the field had ducked out of the way, and Tony and Radioactive Man were now facing off in the middle of what looked like a very crowded city street. Steve grimaced. That was a lot of civilians. But Tony knew that. Radioactive Man was holding Tiberius Stone by the throat, dangling him in midair. Not a great position to be in, at least for a baseline human. Tony was probably trying not to panic. God, what a mess.
Tony's hands were surprisingly warm, a little callused; he understood what Tony had meant now when he'd said he would know him with his eyes shut. This was Tony's touch, strong and gentle at the same time. This was Tony caressing him. It couldn't have been anyone else.
"I don't lie," Steve said. "You can't make everyone do anything you want, you know. In fact, now it's going to be no one."
That meant that before Tony stormed out of here, he had one last chance to try to make him see. To try to help him.
Then Tony's arms are around him and he's pulled himself somehow even closer, his face tucked against Steve's neck and the rest of his body pressed heavily against Steve's, as if there's some kind of peace and healing that will come to Tony if only he touches Steve as much as he can.
"No, you won't," Tony said. "You won't tell the cops. Because then I'll tell them it was self-defense. Which it actually was. Either that or it was a problem caused by your own misconfiguration of your own technology. Which it also was. I have a lot of options, Ty. You have none."
"Can I," Tony began to say, and then he stopped and bit his lip. There was a flash of something that might have been fear in his eyes. Like he'd learned he wasn't allowed to ask for anything he wanted. Like he expected no one to consider what he wanted.
Steve was grateful that not much of his face was visible with the cowl on, because he was sure his cheeks were burning.
"It's exactly what I want," Steve said, picking the words with deliberate care, and Tony smiled even broader, in joy and relief.
He pulled out his identicard, pinging Tony one last time. He was still up there. No sign of movement.
Tony was an entirely different matter. Sure, none of their friends would think ill of Tony, either -- but Tony's ability to move through the world was dependent on impressing people who weren't his friends. The media had ripped him apart this week already; Steve had seen in the news that Stark Solutions had already begun losing contracts, because of Tony's reputation. And, like Tony had said, to do what he did, he needed money. If Tony wanted money for the Foundation, for the Avengers, for the latest Iron Man redesign... people had to like him. They had to. No one else at Tony's level was out. There had to be a reason for that. And Steve wasn't about to force Tony through a media firestorm because he loved him.
Iron Man holds up one finger. "No, it's not you. You have nothing to do with it. You actually make me very, very happy. Trust me." Steve can just barely make out his smile behind the mouth-slit. But then the smile fades. "I'm just... not a happy person. Intrinsically. Whatever other people have that-- that makes them love themselves, or even like themselves, I don't have that. And this-- this
Tony's here. Tony's touching him. Right now, Tony's alive, and that's so much better than it could have been. He feels better when Tony's at his side. He always has. He thinks maybe Tony feels like that about him, too.
Both Tony and Iron Man took turns standing next to Matt Murdock, who assured the crowd of reporters that both Tony and Iron Man had cooperated fully with the police, had not been charged with any crime, and were completely innocent.
He hadn't been lying when he'd said it was skin-tight, either; as the armor peels away Steve can see Tony's well-developed biceps. Steve had known perfectly well that the muscles were real, but that's a very different thing from seeing them in person.
But Steve just smiled, reached out, and stroked the back of Tony's hand. "Still not mad, Shellhead."
"DreamVision." Tony's voice was rough. "I keep wondering whether I'm actually awake, or whether this is all going to turn into another nightmare." He seemed to be contemplating the ceiling; he was a million miles away. "It wasn't at all like the demonstration. Ty could construct virtual worlds, on the fly. Thanks to the telepathy, he could make them out of my memories. His memories. Anything he could imagine. He could imagine an awful lot. And the telepathy wasn't just passive, either. He could make me...
As it turns out, he doesn't end up seeing Iron Man until that afternoon. And when Steve does see him -- well, the immediate circumstances aren't exactly conducive to romance.
Tiberius sagged back against the bed. Then he glanced over at Tony. And oddly, he was smiling. It was a tiny smile, cruel and cold. This was the real Tiberius Stone. "The authorities won't believe you, you know," he told Tony. His voice was smooth. Oily. "You have no proof. None. It's your word against mine. And which of us is in the media's good graces these days, hmm? You know it's not you."
The chair didn't even creak when Tony sat in it. He'd long since ensured that all the mansion's furniture could handle both him and Thor, and sometimes even him and Thor at the same time. It was the little things that made it all worth it.
Tony flopped his head to the side and looked over at his hand. It looked like it belonged to someone else. One finger twitched feebly when he tried to raise his arm.
Still in the doorway, Jan cleared her throat. "I'll just go," she said, with exaggerated care. She was grinning. "I'm shutting the door now. Have a good evening, you two."
He reached in again, felt more leather and metal, and pulled out a tangle of straps that eventually -- as he turned it around in his hands -- resolved into the shape of a more-or-less standard harness. The leather was good quality, reinforced with a lot of stitching -- and the findings were, once again, vibranium, as was the O-ring in the center of the chest.
It feels almost like a betrayal even to think it. He shouldn't want to, because obviously Iron Man doesn't want anyone to know who he is, and a good man, a just man, should feel the same way as Iron Man does. He should want what Iron Man wants. It's disrespectful not to.
"I'm not looking to change you," Steve clarifies. "I like who you are an awful lot. But I just thought, maybe-- maybe I could keep you company, if you'll have me."
He doesn't know if Tony will like it, being a vampire. But he has to like it better than dying, surely.
It wasn't fine, but that was life. That was all it was. Steve didn't want him, because no one he loved loved him back, not the way he wanted, no matter how hard he tried--
Steve's always been a man of action, and a man of his word, even when his word has only been given to himself. When he says he's going to do a thing, he does it. So when he promises himself that he'll ask Iron Man out the next day, he knows in his heart that he means it.
. Just... overwhelming grief, like I'd never felt before. I guess he just wanted to watch me cry. He took me back to after Kathy had shot me, when I was paralyzed. And I was paralyzed in the dream, too. It was how I came up with the idea to fuck up his motor skills, so I guess it was, in a way, useful." He closed his eyes and opened them again. "And then the drinking."
It wasn't as if getting up would make the conversation any easier, but Steve was getting restless just sitting here as Tony told him more and more distressing things. When Tony got restless, Tony just got fidgety. When Steve got restless, Steve... well, Steve needed to run. To hit something. To fight. To work all his tension out with his body. The least he could do for himself was get off the couch. He eyed the heavy bag dangling in the corner as he stood up, but passed it by. With his luck, he'd get distracted by Tony telling him something even more awful and break his hand again.
"Oh, that's lovely," she cooed. "Reminds you of the two of us when we were young, doesn't it, dear?" She nudged her husband.
as smart as Reed, honestly." Before Steve could say anything about that, Tony continued, "I'd agree that Ty isn't on Reed's level. I'd agree that no one is, if you want my professional assessment. And furthermore I'm pretty sure Ty would never, ever have been willing to mention anything about a plan that means other people are smarter than him. So I'm pretty close to convinced as-is."
Steve couldn't help but smile. All this had started, in a sense, when he and Tony hadn't gone out to brunch, but now it seemed like he was going to get absolutely everything he'd wanted. Even that.
Most of the walls had been knocked out. The furniture was almost entirely splintered and broken, surrounded by sliced coils of rope. There were dark brown smears on the floor that Tony knew was blood, and he tried not to think about whether it belonged to Herc, or Dane, or Jarvis, or (oh God)
Iron Man sits next to him, and practically leans into him; metal presses against Steve's side. Objectively, it's not the most comfortable Steve has ever been -- but it's
Tony stared at him like that fact hadn't even occurred to him and that he deeply wished he hadn't learned it. "You have a point," he said. His throat worked.
Tony stepped forward. "Actually," Tony said, trying for the most innocent voice he could muster, "that's my riding crop. I left it here by accident. Sorry."
Steve exhaled hard. "Not like this," he said, quietly. "Not like this, Tony. I've never seen anyone hurt you like this. I'm-- I'm scared for you, Tony. I'm terrified for you. Because I know you don't see it. But I do."
He looks away, but he can't look away for long. Tony is petting his hair, gingerly, as delicately as he can while still wearing gauntlets.
things. Emotions. Physical sensations. Anything he wanted me to feel." He blinked too fast; there couldn't possibly be more tears in him, could there? Apparently there could. "And he sure didn't want me to feel anything good."
"Yes, of course," Steve says, hurriedly, tongue nearly tripping over the words. "Of course I can. Come here, come here--"
know, because Tony had told him -- that he didn't want to be on anything he could get addicted to, because it wasn't like his pathetic body was going to give him a choice about the matter.
He lands the Quinjet smoothly in the hangar, lowers the ramp, and unstraps Steve's unconscious body from the seat. He scoops Steve up with guilty, armored hands, and he carries him out and down a flight of stairs to the personnel quarters. There's no one to catch him. For all Tony's talk at Jan's party about needing to get bigger, the Avengers right now consist of him and Steve, the Tower's sole residents.
"Yeah," Steve agreed, ruefully, as he headed across the room and bent down to rifle through what had been left of his uniform. "I sure wish I could take the day off, too. But duty calls."
, back then, you would have-- we could have--?" His grip went even tighter, and his fragmented sentence turned in a direction Steve hadn't anticipated. "It could have been you, all along, and then I'd never have-- no one else would have ever-- no Indries, no Kathy, no Ty--"
my mouth," Steve told him, more than a little pleased with his own cleverness. "I was hoping you might let me, uh, return the favor."
"You've been so good," Tony assured him, and then his mouth got caught on the rest of the words like a tangle of broken wires. "But I don't--" he said unsteadily. "I don't look... like you. If you know what I mean."
A half-dozen different ideas ran through Steve's mind, all of them sizzling with possibility, and he smiled as he slid his hands down over Tony's ass, finally touching him the way he longed to, cupping that enticing muscular curve, holding him closer and closer still, moving with him as he flexed, as he thrust and surged desperately against Steve's body.
He didn't know. Thank God. Steve still had his secret, although it was bewildering him that Tiberius had kept it.
If Steve said anything else after that, the deafening roar in Tony's ears drowned it out. He was struggling to breathe. Thank God his heart was fine right now, because a shock like that could really have-- God, had Steve really just-- he couldn't think-- he couldn't
"How are you even real?" Iron Man says, under his breath, as if he expected Steve to say anything other than that. He nods again, more enthusiastically. "Absolutely, yes, I'd still like that."
"Wouldn't be the same." Steve's eyes were shut. "My visual memory is better than normal, but only after the serum. Thinking of things or people from before it -- it'd be like drawing without a reference. I think maybe... it'd be worse to have it, and have it be wrong, than not have it at all."
He kissed his way down Steve's chest, down his stomach, fingers tracing over the muscles of Steve's abdomen with a kind of reverence. Not because it was Steve's perfect, Rebirth-given body, but because it was Steve. He knew the difference.
His hair caught in the light from the room above, shining golden, and then he turned, face in profile, then full-on, pale blue eyes roving over Tony's body, and something in Tony's drug-addled mind finally clicked.
He's got armor, just like the vampire who stole his old armor. He'll still be able to walk in the sun that way. After a fashion.
