Dean shook his head, still reeling with what he'd seen, and how relieved he was that Cas was still alive and breathing against his neck. "Just lead the way, man."
Cas found himself in the night, alone. He had finally resigned himself to start walking towards the office when the cloudy skies opened up, and hard waves of rain came down.
All Dean did was hold his hands cupped a few inches in front of his chest. Miming breasts, Cas realized.
It was a bowl of oatmeal and coffee and orange juice. Cas was relieved to find that he was able to lift the spoon to feed himself and the cups were not very heavy. Dean sat in the desk chair, watching him eat, but not speaking.
Dean nodded. “Okay, so we’ll need the case files and a sample of this goop. And we’d like to see the bodies.”
Sam looked between Dean and Cas and they silently agreed to go. He gave Rita a card with his cell number in case she needed anything.
But it was a heaviness in his soul, something dragging at his mind and body, a numbing depression. He had experienced something similar, shortly after Amara had been let loose, but his emotions had also been dulled by his Grace, then; the chemicals involved with depression now took a more potent toll on his brain. He had also been very low when he fell for this permanent second time, but Cas now felt that that was more of a backlash; he'd gone through the same emotions when he fell the first time. Only then, he'd been alone and forced to adapt quickly. The Winchester's acceptance of him this time had allowed Cas some complacency.
They all turned on their flashlights when they got in, and the cave stretched back further under the sand dunes than it really looked like it should.
Dean shrugged with impatience when Cas couldn't come up with the words. "You thought what? Tell me, Cas. Just, if you talk to me about this, I'll try and fix it."
“Yes, you did.” He started off towards his room, but stopped at the entrance to the hall, staring at the ground. “I apologize for striking you, Sam.”
Cas gave him a weak smile, and then his eyes rolled back and he slumped over on his side. Dean’s mind had finally cleared and he rushed over to the two of them, managing to catch Cas before he completely hit the ground. Sam was out, sound asleep. There were still spots that were bright red, like he’d gone out and missed some places with the sunscreen, but he was fine.
Cas was ignored again. But both brothers went quiet as their waitress came over with refills. Her name was Jaynyah, but Dean had dismissed her early on as 'kinda roundish around the edges, ya know what I'm sayin''. Sam had called him a lot of names over that one.
Cas shook his head. “No. I found the ritual here in the archives. You gave me the idea Dean, when we were talking about the afterlife a few days ago. It wouldn’t bind him, just summon him. He’s helped in the past, maybe he can help now.”
They made it to the safe house in mostly silence, save for Cas giving directions, and the chatter on the radio.
There's a silence at Dean's end. Dean understands he might need some time alone but he still doesn't trust the guy, not after what he has seen in the past couple of hours. "Just-just don't do anything stupid, okay?" he says.
He isn't thinking when he lets out his boiling hate and swings his fist too quickly into Dean's nose. The pain, blazing up his arm, surprises him incredibly, leading him to a conclusion: throwing a punch hurts just as much as receiving it. But wasn't it worth it?
"I won't go to see the apartment. Let me out," Castiel tries convincing him, voice softening. The last thing he wants is to spend the next hour in this dump, knowing he’ll get nauseous if he looks down from the edge.
Castiel holds down a breath, closing his eyes for a second when Dean shouts at him again, the unhealthy beating of his heart only grows faster when he opens his eyes. He has never witnessed such kind of anger from Dean before and he is too shaken up watching him go feral and completely out of control.
Dean is busy stocking up the refrigerator and emptying the grocery bags when he responds, “Why don't you ask Mr. Charity over there?”
Sam looks confused, watching Dean smile fondly at the cat and Cas. Sam smiles himself, knowing his brother is head over heels in love with Cas and would do anything to make Cas happy.
They walk out of the store side by side carrying the grocery bags when Dean unlocks Baby, settling those grocery bags inside cautiously, "I'm gonna make you best meal ever when we get back—"
Dean felt a firm grip on his collar; he didn't have a chance to react before he was whirled around and pinned to the wall. "Cas. Please!" He pleads of pain.
Castiel slids down the metal door and sat down, reaching for his pocket. He takes out his cell phone, which happens to be of no use because there are no bars up here.
Not after a few minutes, Castiel walks out, slinging the bag on his shoulder. Exiting the library, he finds Dean waiting outside, he looked a little annoyed by the way he was treated earlier. Dean gives Castiel a dead look.
Giving him a hard glare, Castiel continues, "I'm serious Dean, I'm not picking you up from any bar, I'm not paying for your drinks and flirting or even carrying you to bed anymore, I have more important things to do."
Castiel doesn’t eat once the waitress brings in their order. The smell of freshly grilled sandwich is making his stomach growl but he refrains from eating anything, and simply fold his hand as he studies the dark street from the window.
Arriving at the destination, he braces himself on the way into the huge mansion. He is early maybe, the place is fairly lit, there's a group by the music system setting it up. Searching around the place, his eyes land on Winchester who hasn't been home since
This afternoon. He is talking to Jo, yet another one of their common friends, when he spots him at the same time.
Aching and throbbing. His knuckles hurt. Electricity is jolting up his arm as Alastair lies underneath him, his face is bleeding, he had stopped fighting back long ago when Dean interrupted him, he's unconscious maybe, he's breathing comes shuddering. Castiel literally has no idea how he did this. How could he be so cruel in anger.
Castiel is wearing a pained expression, covered in terror, when he utters low, almost in a whisper, blinking away the water pooling in his eyes, "I hate you."
With terror seizing him, wearing an armor of fright, he holds the frying pan as his weapon more tightly than anything he ever held for the duty to save the kingdom has befallen on his tender shoulder. The door flowed open as the atmosphere around him went into slow motion from there.
Shoving his arm harder against Castiel's collar, receiving a shocked gasp, Dean removes the arm, allowing Castiel to breath. The look is already consuming Castiel wholly, he swallows, blinking away the pain where his head and body hit the wall with a terrified look on his face, the blue in his eyes are no longer peaceful and resolute but rather reveals fear and anxiousness. Castiel tries unleashing his wrist from Dean's grip with his free hand, without uttering a word, under Dean's constant stare when Dean shouts angrily, "ANSWER ME!" Dean roars like an angry beast growling in the forest as he yanks away Castiel's other hand and pins it on the same wall.
After walking him upstairs, he forces him inside Dean's bedroom. He then returns for the trouble maker who is still lying on the stairs. "Wake up," he says, pulling Dean up by the lapel of his jacket, but he’s too drunk to stand on his own and sinks down again with his back against the wall.
Walking close, he notices his jacket which is still in the box. Dean takes a step forward, lifting one of the sleeves to find the monster huddled in the pool of his jacket, shivering from the cold.
That is enough drama for today. "I'm going to make us dinner and you can settle back in without disturbing me and return the shampoo back to the bathroom," Dean informs.
Castiel knows he is never getting in this way so he might as well break down the damn door and make Winchester pay for it.
It's a long drive after dropping Lisa back at her place. The air is sweet and he's in no hurry, there's enough time to enjoy the early morning drive, which makes his mood just more cheerful. And yelling, "Sunshine, I'm home," as he shuts the door behind feels like he's portraying a loving husband in a 70s movie, who has returned home to his beautiful wife after long hours of hard work.
"If that means waving your ass in front of a whole bunch of complete strangers, then go ahead," sounding done with Dean, he presses a finger to his temple.
"I'm not throwing you out, we are home," Castiel says, helping Benny out, and leans him on the Impala before doing the same for Dean.
On seeing those watery eyes, Dean can't help but bring up his hand to wipe the tears away. His hand ends up cupping Cas' tear stained cheek when a drop of tear, which he was supposed to blink away, rolls down from his wet eyelashes, disappearing into the hand cupping his face, giving Dean a chance to wipe it away.
look with his grumpy face, while the other man is busy smiling at him. There is no use of saying anything to him right now, because, with that much booze, he won't remember anything by tomorrow, and Castiel decides to save everything he wants to yell about until the next day.
Story time guys. I was not having my best days when I wrote this chapter like 2 years ago so I incorporated Dean saying I have got you and all sorts of things because I wanted to hear those words so badly. And this chapter is for all those people out there who are not having their best days. I want you guys to know, I have got you.
"We don't know him yet. Except for his temper. He will stab you after this, for sure," Crowley says.
With a smirk, Dean takes a step forward, building up the charm, and advances on Castiel, who refuses to back down. Castiel swallows thickly when he stops right in front of him. The same time lights go off to dimly lit as faint music starts buzzing in the background.
Somehow, he manages to get them inside but the real challenge in front of him is to get them upstairs. He literally has to push them from behind. Placing his hand to support their back hoping both men don't end up rolling down the staircase. "I can't do this," Dean gives up, sinking down on a step.
It’s late in the night when a familiar sound breaks the silence of the room, right when Castiel is about to wrap up his work before heading to bed.
Dean hears the doorbell the first time but thinks whoever it is can wait. Walking lazily, he opens the door and closes it back immediately with a gasp like he has seen a ghost, leaving no time for Castiel to grab the door before it shuts back right at his face.
“Can we at least feed Mr. Sprinkles? He looks hungry,” Cas says, while rubbing his palm gently on Mr. Sprinkles head. The creature squints, closing its eyes and enjoying the warmth of Cas' hand.
Walking down the aisles, Dean searches for cat food. Last time he checked, cats eat from the dumpster. Why does there have to be special food for them? Scanning the shelves, he finally finds the pet section, but he isn't prepared to see a hundred different flavours and types of cat food. Humans don't get that many choices. Why does an animal get that many different flavours? And why do cats even care about flavour? Just make a standard food and move on. Is it that hard?
"After mom, dad was quite miserable, man, we all were." He sighs, playing with a spoon. "He couldn't look at us after the incident," even after so many years, Dean still finds it hard to talk about the day he lost his mother, his childhood, his apple pie life. "He was always on his business trips and, before joining college, we had a fight and I left, haven't spoken with him ever since."
In an instant, Dean grabs Castiel's wrist. His next action takes Castiel by surprise. It’s all too sudden. Dean pushes and stumbles him backwards until he plants Castiel's wrist on the wall behind him at the same time he shouts, "WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?"
Reaching the car, his precious baby, he removes Cas' arm around him, gently getting him inside the shotgun. By the time, his stomach is growling from hunger and it's the same with Cas. Maybe they could hit in a diner before getting home.
Sam ignores most of it—which includes Dean flirting with Cas on a daily basis, calling him a huggy bear, and getting overprotective over Cas during a hunt, and the angel baking pie in poor attempts to make the older Winchester happy. Sometimes, Sam would catch them in the Dean's cave, asleep on the couch as some shitty cowboy movie plays and he has to walk in to switch off the TV. He always smiles at the sight of Cas resting his head on Dean's shoulder, both of them too deep in slumber to notice they are practically cuddling.
Honestly, Dean can't be happier about Castiel looking for a new place. He doesn't mean to eavesdrop into the conversation, although he grasps a few words here and there, and Castiel not denying the fact makes it clear.
Castiel does respond, clenching his fist and moved super fast towards Dean. He gets right into his personal space, drawing himself to his full height, he stops centimetres away from Dean’s face, staring at him, piercing him with an intense gaze. A long moment passes by, both of them standing stubbornly. Normally, Dean would flinch or back off but he's giving a tough competition this time. His drowsy green eyes wander down to his lips before meeting up again.
"Holy shit," Dean curses on seeing Cas punching Alastair on the face brutally, Alastair lying unconscious on the ground.
Wow. What a sight. For a moment Dean actually thinks Cas is stripping. Then his mind catches up. Cas goes over to the small box and tries to make it warm and comfy for Sprinkles. That's so sweet. Dean has to admit it. Wait. That's Cas' coat. The enormously big tan trench coat. It's one of a kind; he can't let him give it away to a damn cat. Dean doesn't wanna go there but, hot damn, Cas looks stunning without the extra layer. Jokes aside, Dean is kinda used to seeing Cas all suited up and wearing the long coat. That trench coat is kinda Castiel's identity.
Several minutes pass and nothing changes. Dean thought Cas would be back to normal after seeing burgers and fries but, clearly, he was wrong. Cas' nose is still buried deep in the book and he hasn't touched the plate sitting right next to him.
“Please, Dean. I will take care of him,” Castiel says, petting the small brown-white creature and repeating the words like he is talking to a baby. “Yes, I will.”
Dean stares at him in silence. He never had a permanent school, he used to move around a lot. Never got the chance to stick around more than a month, changing school was the same as changing a new outfit, too many places, too many people, too many fights. Except for Sammy, nothing in his life has been constant so far.
Dean know Cas is not guilt tripping him but he is also is pretty sure at one point Cas even said something like hunting monsters has messed up with Dean’s sense of right and wrong because he thinks all the creatures and animals are bad and evil like the supernatural monsters they hunt and he is too blind to see that the cat is nothing but innocent and friendly. And he goes on and on while Dean tries to defend himself, saying they can't afford a normal life or a pet. A hunter should be focused on work and work only, even if that means staying away from things that bring joy to their already pathetic life.
This might be the end of everything, if Castiel didn't hate him before, he sure will now. Dean has done so much wrong on so many levels, which is beyond forgiving. Cas, who’s outright strong and bold in front of him, is now afraid to even look at him, he has gone weak. What has he done to Castiel?
Once outside, the anger buried within Castiel from the past couple of days bubbles up, corrupting his soul. "You are insane!" slamming Dean against the wall, he sneered. Enough is enough. This wouldn't be a scenario if he hadn't had hold on for this long. He gave up everything just to pick Dean up from the damn bar and this is what he gets in return?
And before he knows it, Dean is stopping Cas. Hurrying forward, Dean snatches the coat out of Cas' hand. There goes personal space out the window. Dean stands in front of the angel as he unfolds the coat, slowly, before draping it over Cas' shoulder. Dean's hands remain still on the lapel of the coat as he meets Cas’ stunning blue gaze and softly says,”Keep it on, you look nice in it.”
Cas looks at Dean with soft, pleading eyes. Normally, it would melt Dean's heart but not today. He has to stay strong. God. If Cas continues to use his puppy eyes, Dean is gonna break any moment.
"It takes you 5 years to come out of the closet and just a month into college to get yourself a boyfriend!" Gabriel shouts.
"I don't know what joy you find in doing this, but this has to stop, I'm not your driver, I'm not your servant, I'm not-" he stops in between noticing Dean's been smiling all the time without paying attention to any word he just said, he searches his eyes breathing in the same air. "You have the smell of alcohol all over you."
The hand on Cas' shoulder comes to rest with the thumb brushing the side of his neck lightly, and Dean insists, "Let me help. Cas… C'mere,"
Dean became friends with her the first day of physics class when he tried to hit on her. Apparently, she swings the other way, which is cool, but she found a perfect match for him. Lisa Braeden. She's hot. Smiles every time Dean smirks at her, which is good. He thinks. But Dean has never approached her that way. He's been waiting around for a perfect moment.
Castiel's heart is racing by now, he can hear his heartbeat growing faster, ringing in his ear, and he's afraid Dean can too. He has never felt such kind vulnerability to Dean before or to anyone as a matter of fact, this feeling is strange though, it's different. Castiel lets out a small gasp, his nerves hitting adrenaline, and there's nothing he can do except for staring back at Dean, who's just above him and smells so good.
If he wastes any more time on yelling and making Dean apologize for his yesterday's behavior, he might end up missing his morning lecture. Finally, he gets up from his spot, grabbing the extra pillow from bed without even thinking twice about his actions.
"Before I let you talk to Cas, would you mind telling me about his nightmares?" he asks, keeping his voice low.
Wrong move, Dean. His mind slaps his thoughts when the traces of the smile fade away from Castiel's face and he pulls up the straight face back again. "It suits you," Dean adds quickly.
A 'MEOW' cuts Castiel off and when his face snaps up to look at Dean for the first time. He meets the gaze of an already grinning Dean. Castiel smiles one of his brightest smiles as he rushes forward to hold Mr. Sprinkles in his arms.
Last night was tiring as hell for Castiel. Taking a day off seems like a nice plan. He isn't quite satisfied with the truce of yesterday, the leather jacket reminds him of jocks and bullies from high school, but Dean loves that thing and taking it away from him forever seems like a good way to take revenge.
(Are you guys trying that sexy silence thing on me? Because either you all are ghost readers or you all are a huge fan of Jensen long con Ackles. I hope you guys break your sexy silence when my favourite chapter comes.)
"You know how long it takes him to pee, I could have been to hell and back in that time," Crowley responds.
These are only a few things that Sam has noticed for the first time, although he is already immune to most of it—like Dean and Castiel's long, intense staring contests while they stand too close to each other. For God’s sake, it is not subtle at all. Sam is right in there in the same room, his throat hurts from clearing it loud enough to distract them ten times a day. If it happens one more time, so help him God, he is gonna push one of them so the little gap between them is no more.
Dean has grown very fond of intimidating Castiel, it's fun watching him go clueless and awkward. How far can he ignore, Dean wonders as he moves in front, pressing his body closer against Cas' back and Castiel moves with him without being fully aware of his desperate need to get away from the warmth of Dean's body.
Dean gets the cat and its box inside the car. He can't help but imagine Cas' face when he sees this cat.
It's been a long day. Stumbling into Dean twice was terrifying, but he was courageous enough. Green eyes staring down at him. He looked different up close. For almost a month, Castiel did a great job avoiding Dean on the college campus. They don't share any classes apart from language, which is fine because Dean never shows up there anyway.
Today is the most they have ever talked and Dean might be thinking to cook mac and cheese everyday because Cas seems to like it and he would do anything to have more conversations like this and know him more. It's nice to talk with the guy without fighting, "Lisa is gonna swing by after, today. Is that ok with you?"
Wearing a smug look, "Not my fault," Dean smirks, "You got distracted," he corrects him. "Perhaps the charm always works." Dean replies, throwing a wink.
It is all his fault, anyways, so he should be guilty and offer help. Everything has happened because of him. If he wasn't here, then maybe Castiel wouldn't be looking for another place. Castiel doesn't think twice before hurriedly getting out of the sight and leaving Dean alone.
"Hello, Lisa," Castiel greets, offering a soft smile. She is the first guest so far so he should be polite. Although he recognized her from university, she was also there at the sick party.
Does Cas not trust him to let him know, because that's what Dean is concluding from the statement. Castiel is not Batman or anything, his secret is not gonna ruin his life if it's out in the open; Castiel doesn't have to deny it right at Dean's face. Or maybe he is embarrassed of letting him know. Whatever it is, Dean doesn't take it well because they are supposed to be friends who tell each other everything, Dean has laid his cards out in the open long before and Castiel knows pretty much everything about Dean but, unfortunately, the favour is not returned.
"Who are you? A cupid?" Dean retorts. "I already have a girlfriend and I am very happy with her." Taking down his last drink, Dean says, "You just lost a generous tip for putting your nose into my business," and he storms out of the bar.
"Everyday, man. Your hair is always messed up, anyways. You don't need it." Dean states as a matter of fact.
Castiel hurriedly scoots away from him, closing the rift of cold winds, his fingers clutching the doorknob a little longer before he sighs, turning around. He helps Dean up to his feet before guiding him upstairs, and, to his relief this time, he doesn't fall back like yesterday. He's not surprised to find the taller man leaning on him on the way when he guides him through the staircase, taking small steps one at a time.
Castiel could have saved a couple of bucks if he had just noticed the stage. Dean’s pretty busy occupying the whole stage, performing for the tipsy audience, singing “You Give Love a Bad Name” by Bon Jovi on the top of his lungs while dancing in between.
It is one of those days of the year when winter is not there yet, the days warm but the cold shoots to the peak as soon as the sun goes down.
"But he-he didn't deserve it," Castiel whimpers in a shaky voice, burying his head on Dean's shoulder. He can't bring himself to pull away. He cries on the flannel as Dean continues to stroke up and down in his back.
Although he feels bad for only rinsing his hair and not shampooing them because of Winchester. After Castiel refused to buy a new bottle, Dean also gave a firm competition, saying he cooks for both of them, which means Castiel should make up for other things like fetching groceries and other items. Castiel is already mad at Dean for plenty of reasons so it
moved out. Finally, the day arrives. He doesn't feel the need to bid good-bye to his fellow housemate, who is still asleep at three in the afternoon. God knows when he came back last night.
Embarrassed, Castiel lets go of Dean's arm and shirt, scooting away as soon as Dean lifts his weight off him.
Hoping Winchester is asleep, he goes for the doorknob, thinking he will move back in quietly without making a complete fool of himself, but his luck has yet to hit the rock bottom because the door is locked from inside.
"Love you too, Cas." The corner of Dean’s lips curls up in a smile, knowing how much he annoys Castiel. His neck hurts staying in the position. "I'm gonna drop down too."
"Sure thing, you weren't, but the great eye is ever watchful," lighting up the mood before asking for forgiveness always works in his experience.
Castiel has held himself firm the whole time, there’s a split second of nothing. He takes a deep breath. For a brief moment, Dean releases him, letting go of the fabric, although Dean's hand still remains at the same place. A series of emotions go through Dean's face, like he's battling with himself, his eyes downcast before meeting the shade of blue when Cas' fingers begin to uncurl from his hand that was fighting back minutes ago.
Castiel swallows, his expression shifts to surprise when he spares a glance at Dean before casting it back on the road. He was feeling mildly sad for the man but he remained clueless thinking of the deliberate attempts he has made in the past few days.
” He braces himself for what he is about to do next, laying everything out on the table. At least Sammy was on the call when he was laughing, these idiots are laughing right in front of him, asking if that's why he was rubbing his forehead the whole time during the lecture.
“Damn it, Sam!” Dean grits with irritation before getting up and kicking the stupid chair back in the place as he walks away making the way to his own room.
Dean rolls his eyes. Now he is the bad guy. “For God’s sake, Cas, it’s just a cat. Let’s just go,” Dean says.
Being lost in the moment, Castiel has totally forgotten what this was all about and his grip on the remote has loosened long ago, his fingers only holding it lightly when Dean takes it. Castiel flashes his eyes open, realizing what has just happened and thinking Dean was just playing with him all along, and he is still lying atop of him, giggling and hiding his face on Castiel's shoulder. "Get off me" he grunts, pushing Dean off him.
And, unlike the metal door from the rooftop, this one is a wooden door, pretty fragile and an old one, which will make his job easy.
After Sprinkles is fed and hydrated, Dean makes a bold move. According to his calculations, he has also given Cas enough time to pet the thing. So maybe Cas will let go of his obsession. “It's getting late, Cas, we should go.”
"Okay. So, we've both had sex before. But you've never had sex as a human. I know you thought you were a human when you were with that Daphne chick, but you weren't really. So you never really had that hormone rush before. When people sleep with each other, especially if it's with someone they, uhm…really like, there's all this hormonal shit that happens. And yeah, it's intense at first. So…I guess, your body just went hormone crazy? That, or it was the worst sex ever and you're being too polite to tell me."
He sighed and scooted up so he was sitting in his bed a little straighter. "Why didn't you say anything?"
She smiled. “All of this…It happened because of you. Your actions have brought me a happiness I never imagined possible.”
“Anyway, Garth threw a demon bomb at her. No dice, guys, and I was about to freak out ‘cause this bitch was scary as hell. She was hot as hell, too…But, uh, Kevin was like, ‘keep throwing them’, and we were chucking jars as fast as we could, and we were down to the last one, and she
If Cas was surprised, he didn’t show it, just opened up the other door. Dean gave him a questioning look in the rearview mirror but he didn’t ask.
“Where else would I be?” Cas moved closer, so he and Dean fit next to each other like they normally did.
Cas felt like he should be proud. Praise from Dean wasn’t exactly easy to come by. But it all just felt...empty. Pride was just as unobtainable as any other emotion at the moment.
Cas lifted out the dream catcher by the loop that it would hang from the wall on. It was made from dark blue leather and grey strings, and black and blue and grey beads and three midnight black feathers.
He sighed and stretched his arm out, pulling the sleeve of his shirt up over his left forearm. There was a long, red scratch on the inside of his arm.
Lucifer motioned to Cas. “He freed me. I am indebted to Castiel in ways I can’t even say. He restored me, gave me my family back, and let me go home. They will be singing songs in Heaven for the rest of eternity praising him for that.”
Dean wasn’t totally sure how these things happened. Somehow sprits knew things, spread them around, and eventually word got out that there had been another tablet, and that it had been found. And of course, the Winchesters were involved in some way.
Castiel was reminded of a Charlie Brown cartoon that Metatron had shoved into his brain. It always rains on the unloved.
They regrouped and kept walking. There was an echoing scream suddenly, pretty far away. Sam could feel Dean clench up. "Dean. Up ahead aways, there's two standin' outside a door."
He got hissed at, but she slithered her way down into Cas’ lap. “You know, the more we speak to her the more she’s able to think in a way I can understand?”
He knew they were alone, but this patch of forest wasn't actually that far from a town. Getting fully undressed was a bad idea. Dean settled back down, his half-hard erection catching against Cas's, and they both groaned a little.
Dean huffed but left anyway. He took a quick shower, and made sure all the blood was off him, then changed into clean clothes.
It looked like Sam was about to fall asleep himself standing there, and Cas nodded. Sam left and turned off the hall light and soon he heard another door shut.
“Knowing what I know now, even though it would mean never getting to meet and know you…If I could go back, I would have stopped the demon before he fed Sam, and I would have saved your mother.”
Dean started heating up. He should have figured Sammy would go digging rather than just say ‘thanks’.
He faked a coughing spell while Dean knocked back his sixth swallow, straight from the bottle. Cas tapped Allie on the shoulder. “What is going on?”
They grabbed the huge stack of files and checked into a motel. Sam shook his head just looking at the pile. “Guys, how’re we gonna do this? Should we just take four, or…”
Cas let out a breath he had been holding and opened his eyes again. He pulled one of his hands from Dean and pointed at his desk, where there was a notepad. Dean went and picked it up. "This?"
By the time Dean got back to the room, Cas had cleared off the table. He handed him the bag, and Cas started drawing sigils on the table, then unfolding the map. He looked at the hot pink Sharpie questioningly.
Cas sighed. “Because he was the angel who came to Mary and told her that her baby would be a savior.”
An odd image popped into his head, and Cas actually felt like smiling for a second. “That’s a bit drastic.”
“Dean, this is the actual Delilah. She was a witch, and I imagine she gains power this way, some spell using the hair and the eyes of strong men, sapping them of their strength until they die. And she is
Dean snorted and Cas ignored him. “Both very devout Jehovah’s Witnesses. She found him in front of the sink in the kitchen; he’d been washing dishes.”
“Come on. We need to go.” He grabbed Cas’s wrist with the hand not covering the bullet wound and pulled him out of the house, not letting go until they got to the car.
Dean had put the Colt in the trunk, in a box well hidden under a pile of ammunition and then covered with a blanket.
Cas didn’t say anything, he just moved around on the bed and got so he was kneeling in between Dean’s legs and leaning over him. He rubbed his nose up against Dean’s. “I’ll do what I can, mon ange.”
Cas was looking over the same alter Sam had been studying. “Well, this explains her good fortunes. In her file it says she grew up in a poorer family. After high school things started changing. She was a C student, but she got into Harvard and passed with perfect grades. Successful business woman, married a very wealthy man, had a, by all accounts, perfect daughter. Perfect life.”
Bridle’s Storage Units was a fifteen minute drive away, and 243 was easy to find. The key fit right in and Sam pushed the hanger door up.
Dean was on his way there when two figures caught the corner of his eye down an alley next to the dumpster outside the diner. They were standing close, and it was obvious they were having some kind of fight. After years, Dean knew how to tell. One was wearing a snooty looking maroon business outfit and the other was wearing the same dark grey Triumph shirt Cas had snatched from his dresser this morning when he came to tell Dean breakfast was ready.
Everyone was tense now, even though Death seemed very laid back. But then, he was always like that. He took the plate of cheeseburgers.
To answer, Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's waist, and tugged him closer, his lips happily finding the skin of Dean's chest.
“These mountains. It was a slow process, but Uriel and I enjoyed watching them come up. Higher and higher.”
That had been what decided it for Cas. The idea that he might never get to see Dean laugh, or listen to Sam give a lecture on reshelving the Bunker library, or hear Claire half-heartedly complain about Alex, was too much for him.
They were two fully grown men, neither of them exactly short by anyone's definition other than Sam's. Dean insisted on them kicking their boots off, so as to not scuff the upholstery. Then there was a lot of rearranging, knees in uncomfortable places, and Dean banged his head on the roof once, but they eventually settled.
“I thought that after all that, I would have made it obvious. But you guys needed to figure out it was me, and we both over estimated your brain power.”
He wasn’t sure if Cas stopped because he spoke up, or because he was done. But Cas straighted up and turned to look at him.
Cas pulled out the largish red book he had been writing in for the last few days. “Hey, is that the project?”
Sam opened the computer again. Since he’d gotten his laptop, he’d been doing what research he could. “Mostly, the ones who survived the fall, claim to remember their human lives, up to a certain point to where an angel asked them to be used as vessels. Then they remember some things off and on, until they fell. The smart ones have kept quiet and just gone back to their families, but some have gone on some shows, proving their powers. It seems to vary from angel to angel. Some can still heal, some can lift tons, some can read minds, or a combination of those.”
Dean laughed, but it was forced. “Kinda hard to forget. I promised that Layla girl I would pray for her, and I did. God, she’s probably been dead for…”
"You all know where you're going. You leave here and exactly ten minutes later I start firing this." Dean kept setting up the sniper rifle.
That was enough for now. Cas tried to ignore how his hands shook while he folded the paper once, twice, eventually four times, then he stuck it in the closest book at hand, a bird-watcher’s guide to the American Midwest.
Cas had been different since they got back from Florida. He was almost kind of stand-offish, especially around Dean, and he didn’t say much, even when asked a question. He’d also started going on walks through the bunker, and he would disappear for a long time before resurfacing, still carrying around his book.
Kevin kept going into trances and pointed Garth and the ‘Captain’ in the right direction, and the next day he frantically told them to stop. “Here. We’re right over top of the wreck.”
She waved, seeming to sense that he didn’t know what to say, and got into the Firebird. “See ya around, maybe.”
Castiel seldom lied when he didn't have to, but it seemed necessary. Dean grunted and turned the knob. "I'll grab you a clean shirt."
Dean had gone over and pulled a dark purple sheet off a table and sighed. “Yeah, and I don’t think she worked alone.”
“Jeff Arlen. His wife’s name is Dana and they have a four year old daughter named   Hannah. He and his wife run a thrift store, and they donate most of their profits to various charities. His wife found him in their bedroom when she woke up and he was on the floor…”
He stared at Cas, waiting for a response. It wasn't the first time; Castiel had noticed an uptick in Dean's amount of staring, lately. But it was the first time Dean had ever broached the subject of his decision to join humanity. It must have been weighing on his mind.
Cas was absolutely not coming out of his room. Sam left him meals outside that disappeared, and he guessed he went to the bathroom, but he sure was sneaky about it. Sam had tried calling and texting him, to at least communicate in some way, but all he got was voicemail and ‘please leave me alone Sam’.
“Feel free to look around. I left everything unlocked, this neighborhood is safe. I have a meeting then I have to pick up Stacey. Nora will come over soon to talk to you.”
Helena shook her head. "I...I thought she was crazy. She...She actually said she was causing those suicides. Can you believe that?"
They tried to pull the lock off; the ones on the others were rusted enough to just break. In the end, they had to take a solid gold brick and bash it. Sure enough, inside was a chunk of rock, the same size as the other tablets they’d found.
Meg meowed more insistently, echoing around the room. “I know you have food, and that ham thing was a one-time…”
Dean looked at him like he thought he was crazy, which only served to make Cas madder. "Cas. This isn't a human, it's not gonna think the same way we do. We can't communicate with it to find out what it wants. This is the only way."
Everything was fuzzy. “I am so sorry, Dean. You…have problems, with people going away. Please don’t…”
He smiled at Dean, and he knew he’d done good. Whatever it was, he knew Cas would explain later. In the meantime, Cas handed Sam and Dean their own gifts.
“Manager Mick said the dude was out back,” Dean mentioned. The fresh-aired walk seemed to have done him some good.
Cas shifted. “Angels don’t just give feathers out to anyone. It’s an…intimate thing, I guess. Ruth probably thought it was funny. But that you turned it into a gift means a lot.”
Cas stood uncomfortably in the middle of the room, holding his duffle bag. “Dean, I am still not used to this. Which bed do you want?”
He moved to sit across from Hannah. “My name’s Cas. My friends are talking to your mom, and she asked me to watch you.”
It reeked of old blood and charred skin. There was a pretty good sized fire pit in the middle of the room, filled with ashes and small blackened skeletons. Ancient symbols were painted on the walls, but not in the white powder.
Cas was confused by the direction, but moved to comply. He was further confused when Dean interrupted him, hand on the passenger side door handle.
He didn't respond, wouldn't even look at Dean, but he went and got it anyway, before leaving Cas on his own.
Cas whimpered and buried his face into Dean's shoulder. He absentmindedly began sucking a lingering kiss there.
He wadded up the old cotton and shoved it in the overly full trash can, then he flicked the light off and closed the door.
If he squinted and turned his head just so, Dean could make out a path, almost completely grown over. Cas followed it, like it was clear as day, and Dean and Sam just managed to keep up with him, trying not to trip on roots and branches. After about ten minutes of walking there was a steep downhill, and then the trees thinned out. Cas led them out, and they were greeted to a wonderful sight.
That just pissed her off even more, so by the time they were almost to her coffin, she was attacking too fast for Cas to keep her off. Dean climbed out of the hole and they were able stop her long enough for Sam to crack open the coffin and jump out to grab the salt and the kerosene.
Before Dean was exactly registering what was happening, Cas had pushed them so they were back in their original positions, Dean lying down and Cas straddled over top of him. Dean managed to get his head turned away, but Cas just managed to latch on to his neck like a leech.
She paused and Castiel worked in silence for a few minutes. The heater cut off briefly, but only long enough for the tips of his fingers to get numb amidst the damp plumage.
Dean chuckled. "Close. They're line dancing. Rule Number...Fuck, I forgot. Whatever, Number of Humanity, if you're this far south and Achy Breaky Heart, or Boot Scootin' Boogie comes on the radio, everyone line dances."
After about an hour, Dean saw something move out of the corner of his eye. He whipped around, then relaxed.
Cas set the pan on the counter. “I cracked the eggs in a bowl, like I’ve seen you do. And I threw away the shells. And I mushed them up with a fork.”
Cas’ mouth dropped open a little, but Lettie stuck her head back in. “Forgot to ask. What colors do you want?”
Cas had stuck his head in, probably trying to figure out what was going on, and Sam immediately pointed at him. “And he hasn’t ever had one. We
Crowley looked around to Dean and Sam and just nodded. “Well. Good seeing you. Hope it doesn’t happen again too soon.”
There were chains linked somewhere else in the shadowy room, and Cas had cuffs on his wrists and ankles. He was held up to be on his knees, arms held mostly up. The only clothing they had left on him were his boxers, which were blood-soaked, and he was striped with dried blood all over his body, even his hair was caked with it. A pair of hooks dangled down from the ceiling, but they weren't in use.
Dean read on. “Uh, yeah. Mason had just returned from her honeymoon. She had eloped to Vegas then went on a cruise. The man she eloped with, two weeks earlier, had been her sister’s fiancé. Mason’s sister’s name- Ashley.”
Cas felt all the blood drain from his face, his whole body. Kerubiel. Raphael’s second in command, and the first he slaughtered when he returned to Heaven as the new God. He killed all the others quickly, but he had taken his time with Kerubiel, making an example.
Also, I couldn't resist. You see Jared in interviews and at cons with those cute hats, so I had to get one on him.
Dean cried for a while. Cas should have known Dean would blame himself, but there was nothing he could have done to stop it. All Cas could do to help Dean was rub circles against his arm and try to get better as fast as he could so he could prove that no lasting harm had been done.
Sam didn’t bother him anymore as they went through the store, getting hamburger meat, bread, beer, sodas, milk, bacon, eggs, flour, and he snuck in some yogurt,
Sam stopped when he noticed a huge mottled purple bruise on Cas’ arm a few inches above his elbow. “Dude, what happened?”
The boat rocked and Charlie groaned. “Man, I’m never gonna be able to look at my D&D boards the same way again…”
Cas was hunched over his desk, as expected, leafing through a large file that was throwing dust up in the air.
When Dean got to the kitchen, there was a bowl of lightly steaming broth and a glass of water at the table, and Charlie and Benny were talking.
They entered the morgue. “Besides the mutilated corpses of innocent girls, yes, I find this quite enjoyable.”
Dean pulled away and leveled Cas with an impatient eye. "You're thinking too much, man. Just...You know how to kiss. Relax. Just me and you."
Dean had to admit, Sammy’s Vegas idea was good. They’d gotten their rooms, and now they were hitting the bar and the casino, and they’d split up. He needed a little bit of space away from Sam and Cas, after all the bad stuff that the wraith had dragged back up.
He scooted out of the booth, and Dean made some sort of noise of protest. Trying to think of a reason to step away, Cas noticed the check. “I’ll pay.”
He was busy packing up all his things; for some reason Dean had gotten him new toothbrush, God only knew what happened to the last one. Cas was at the table, using one of the motel’s washcloths to get the last of the chalk drawings off of it.
Cas hit the table with the palm of his hand. “Why does everything circle back to this? You’re a broken record, Dean!”
Their waitress passed by again, carrying a tray full of dishes and cups. Dean’s foot nudged against Cas’s ankle under the table and he looked up.
Dean was kinda sure part of his brain wasn’t working right, but he managed to get out, “Thanks. Uh, you too.”
He looked up from the screen, only to see Dean hurriedly turn his face away. He'd been staring again.
Cas looked up at the celling, like he was praying. “Dean. I…It’s nothing personal. But there is nothing to talk about. The witch lied. I feel for you the same way you…feel for Sam. It is not a romantic love.”
Castiel thought for a second and realized that that was one of those truths that may make Dean uncomfortable. "I didn't..."
Cas and Dean went to the police station to watch the only video of any of the attacks, and to get the records of the victims. Sam was out asking around about the history of the town.
There was a vase on the table, so he copied it. Crayons weren’t his favorite, but he wasn’t going to complain.
Cas cleared away a clump of slightly moldy feathers. “No. I didn’t. Is that where you went to school? The place on your shirt?”
“I dunno, man. Vengeful spirit? But how is it moving? Cursed object? But why only Ashleys? We’re gonna go check out the houses and talk to some people. Maybe that’ll clear it up. Hopefully later, when it’s not scorching.”
Cas reached down to touch the grass, but Dean grabbed his wrist. “Wait, don’t. What if it’s some kind of…poison, or something?”
Henry smiled a little. “…and for upholding the non-judgmental spirit that Alcoholics Anonymous prides it’s self on.”
Dean hadn’t figured in that Cas still had casts on both wrists, but he didn’t think it would put him off too much. He still had full use of his fingers.
It was late May, and the garden was beautiful. All the wild flowers were in bloom and the bees were buzzing around. It was perfect and warm and everything perfect that God created.
He turned to look at Cas, but just ended up leaning his forehead on Cas’ shoulder and started crying again. It was embarrassing and painful, actually painful because his ribs were throbbing.
Dean whistled. “Well, let’s hope they learned their lesson by being kicked out by the pissed off librarian and maybe they’ll leave everyone alone.”
Just then, Charlie resurfaced, and pushed an ancient looking trunk about the size of a milk crate onto the deck. “Hey, we found a few of these. Gonna bring them up.”
He stopped looking at the ceiling and his head flopped a little so he could look at Sam. “It’s going to be okay. You and Dean did fine before I came along. You’ll both be fine when I’m gone.”
Very slowly, Cas managed to nod, and Sam started helping him out of his shirts. “Dean, get his hair dried, would you?”
Cas shook his hand, not too surprised when Crowley yanked him into a brief hug. He tried to glare at the demon, but felt like it was just a half-hearted habit. They both looked over.
Sam chuckled. “Paying it forward, I guess. She had stayed behind to clean up the night before, then the owner found her the next morning.”
The psychic hold dropped, and Dean immediately ran to Cas. He was distantly aware of Crowley telling Ruth who he was, explaining that he was here because he owed some favors.
Lucifer/Sam gave him a look that almost passed as pity. “Dean is still in there. Legion will have his memories, everything Dean has ever seen or heard or felt. Manipulating and toying with you would give him no higher pleasure. Sam here would work better, but, like I just said…”
Dean really didn’t want to explain the giant scorch mark on the ceiling of the kitchen. Maybe Sam wouldn’t notice. At least he’d gotten the electricity back on.
Cas was panting hard, and it sounded like he was crying, but he couldn't have been. She had torn his eyes out. A tall, lanky guy walked over and touched Cas on the shoulder. He gasped and was blinking again, eyes intact but blood still running under them.
“Yeah. I think I spoiled them. They were pissed off I was making so much noise so I started throwing little chunks of bologna at them.”
Three days later, and Dean was running down the side of the road in the middle of the night, cussing himself out in his head. He
Dean was blushing more by the second, and put the coffee that was Cas’ favorite in the cart. This was fun.
Dean felt a tear roll down his face, but he refused to acknowledge it. “You know what, screw you! Get out!
"There was a moment. Right after Ruth said the spell and my wings manifested. I thought that maybe…God finally heard me. He'd given my Grace back and I was going to be able to fly again. But then…"
Dean just brushed him off, seemingly embarrassed, and climbed out of the backseat. Cas got dressed and joined him. Dean was poking around the pyre, now mostly extinguished.
Castiel was relieved to find the bathroom was a single occupant, so he could lock the door and enjoy some silence.
Benny grinned and bounced on his feet. "Dean here apparently snuck inta Purgatory through Hell, escorted by the King himself, and dragged me back out. Said he needed a big favor."
Dean had never hated anything in his life with such a consuming passion than he hated his Fed suit right now. Thankfully, the police station was not very far from the motel, and Dean managed to get a parking space near the door.
Cas just nodded, the only thing he could do right now. He was unable to tell how close he was to his own orgasm.
The two weeks had been hectic. While Dean and Cas had been gone, Sam had caught news of ghoulish activity in Pittsburg. When that was done, they had been driving back to the Bunker, and Jody called with a mysterious story about a group of children who had vanished one night only to return a month later, with no memory of the events.
The round hit him right in the chest and Mason shot backwards out of Cas’s body, screeching as she left. Cas was knocked back onto the floor, gasping for breath. Dean jumped out of the circle and picked Cas up under his arms and mostly dragged him to the safe zone. He was shaky on his feet, but Dean thought he could stand on his own for a minute.
Cas shrugged again. “No idea. But the man said it appeared that Dr. Adams was going in from being out in his shed. I suspect we’ll find whatever his ‘big secret’ is in there.”
After Charlie brought the games in, suddenly that was all he was interested in. He played hours upon hours of games, until he was half-asleep in front of the screen. Dean practically had to tear him away for things like meals.
"No. They later found she had an infected tooth, and she trampled him. Usually, they would have sold her to another circus, but some people from the audience saw what happened."
The words and the atmosphere in the room were as frigid as Cas was. Dean felt his heart plummet; he vaguely remembered throwing the towel at Cas’ head, then storming out the door, and slamming it behind him.
Thanks to all for reading! I hope you will please kindly leave a review and/or kudos, because that would be mega-awesome of you.
Cas had to stare at it for a minute before he found the right switch. He walked across the room and stood next to the bed, at the side that Dean wasn’t laying on. “May I?”
So. I rewrote it. Still short, but hopefully a shit-ton better. And I'm working on the epilogue. It will be more than make up for the shortness of this chapter.
Cas kept going like that, Dean chucking occasionally, claiming he was ticklish, until he pulled his hand away. Cas lowered himself back down, and rather than immediately putting his hand on Cas, Dean bent in for a kiss. "Pay attention. There's gonna be a quiz later."
Sam looked impressed. “Huh. You learn something new every day. So, why is the place where Lincoln Adams killed covered in coffee flower powder?”
Dean felt his jaw drop, and he knew he was just sitting there, looking more stupider by the second. “What? No! That’s…Why would you think that!”
What was left of the Heavenly Host still followed his command, and they were able to stabilize the burning Grace inside of him for hopefully long enough to see this plan through. Castiel managed to convince them that afterwards he would be able to fully regenerate himself, but he kept all his ideas secret, and they trusted him. Without a single question.
He shrugged his shoulders and kept on writing. “Why not? You’re the most important person I have ever met in my existence.”
Cas managed to stand, looking pretty wobbly at first, but he evened out after a few seconds. “Duly noted. I’ll be fine, promise.”
Sam led the way inside. There were about four old men sitting at a table drinking coffee, and a forcibly cheerful looking woman stood at the register.
Dean moved his hand, fingers resting just above the top of Cas's jeans. "I'll touch other things, then."
Dean nodded, looking blitzed out. “That’s a good idea, Sammy. We’re gonna find drugs there. Whole lotta.”
Dean could feel him hum against his throat, and then he moved so he was closer, and ground his hips against Dean’s.
The boat actually bounced, and they all got tossed around, and a bunch of spray rained on them. “They guard treasure troves, and we disturbed it.”
Sam nodded. “Yeah. Things on this case just keep getting weirder the longer we dig into them. A demon? Possessing someone and doing…I don’t know, angel impersonations?”
He smiled and went back to eating. “And I know my limits, Dean. I’ll try not to go overboard again. Although, I can’t honestly say I’m sorry, since Sam’s doing okay.”
Dean was seriously regretting not upgrading his Baby’s AC system when he had had the chance. Even fully cranked it was still hot enough for Dean to have just stripped down to his undershirt and he was sticking uncomfortably to the back of the leather seat. Cas was even down to two layers, but he wasn’t even sweating, the frozen bastard.
She took the blotter from him and looked at it, the others looking over her shoulders. “No. I’ve not seen this before. Does it have to do with Sister Jade’s death?”
He actually trusted boats out on the open sea almost as much as he trusted airplanes. At least he didn’t get seasick; unlike poor Sammy, who started puking about two hours into their ‘voyage’.
He focused on the strings in his mind, and chanting the words he’d memorized earlier, he let them go, feeling all but a tiny amount of the Grace go with them. He shut his eyes against the light of Lucifer leaving Sam.
Maybe the cat recognises Dean because it makes the cutest little face ever, and Dean knows this is not just a normal cat. This cat knows how to play the game. Is that squinty face supposed to earn Dean's love? Because that is exactly what's happening. It reminds Dean of his angel, who makes the same squinty face and does a little head tilt and Dean melts on the spot.
I know your deepest darkest secret. You all read so many fics. If you guys forgot or got it mixed up, we have established in first few chapters that Cas can defend himself. This info will come in handy in next chapter and heads up there's more so buckle up.
There's a complete silence at Castiel's end as he sits, frowning and recalling the whole incident. He attempts on opening his mouth to say something but his lips close shut.
Castiel spends the next few days in search of a new place because who is he kidding? It's a daily migraine to live here and the dorm is not even an option; the rooms are way too small and crowded, not to mention the restrictions. Luckily enough, he got shortlisted for the spare apartment a block away from the university and he couldn't be happier about it; he is all packed, ready to move out and, surprisingly enough, Winchester has not made any efforts to sabotage his plan.
Guarding the door, Dean says, "I will cut the deal short for you. I will consider opening the door if you ask me politely."
Staring back at 'the know it all Castiel', who, for the first time, has been rendered speechless, Dean snorts a laugh, chuckling to himself and thinking Cas knows nothing about how things at a bar work
Tell me how was this one in the comments and how do you guys feel about these two idiots. As always kudos are always appreciated.
"I don't see a difference between the two," Dean says, eyeing at her. "And where the hell is Benny, I told you to bring him along," Dean grits, bringing his attention to Crowley.
Castiel seems to be returning the pan back, placing the weapon with respect to where it truly belongs.
Dean can't sit through that animal shit any longer. Next time Dean's arm leaves the armrest it's mainly out of curiosity and boredom, also thinking to get hold of Castiel's word before he could snap back and piss him off with an appropriate comment.
What? Is he kidding, everyone gets drunk, it's just part of being human. This seems fairly irrational to Dean and he can't quite understand the logic behind it, well, unless the creature he is currently talking to escaped from some other planet, which is the only explanation."Seriously?"
It all makes sense. That's why Castiel hated him all along. Well, he has every reason to. There's only one thing ringing in Dean's ear right now. He needs to make it right. Whatever it takes.
The tremor on Castiel's face was enough to read the hurt he has caused. Dean tries running after him, calling his name, but Cas doesn't answer. "I'm sorry," he breathes as the door shuts in front of him, leaving him alone in the house.
Looking back at Castiel in a vague manner, Dean appears lost, processing the smirk he just gave, his eyes tracks over to Castiel's face briefly before he lets out a short chuckle making a mental note to himself;
Meanwhile, Ms. Beverly excuses herself to bring back some notes and books, and Dean turns halfway in his seat to face Castiel, “Listen, about yesterday–”
Cas shifts his chair away from Dean. “Sam, please tell your brother to go away. I do not want to talk to him or see his face ever again.”
Why does Dean keep on pushing the matter? Castiel has already waved it off before, he has made himself clear: he doesn't wanna talk about anything. Why is it so difficult for Dean to understand that? Castiel is too tired to have any conversation with Dean right now. He doesn't need an apology from Dean nor does he feel the need to give any explanation about Arthur. What's done is done. Castiel is a grown adult, he can make his own damn choices, what he does with his life is not anyone's business, especially not Dean's.
There are no words in which Dean could’ve described the relief he is feeling when he sees Castiel’s eyes open. He is only thankful Castiel is awake and blinking. It takes so much burden off his chest that, honestly, he doesn’t know if he have any more strength left to deal with if anyone else got hurt because of him. He is too shaken up to think straight when he allows himself to lean down, edging closer to Cas without realizing.
If Dean had known this was going to happen, he would have kept his camera ready and taken a quick snapshot of Castiel at that moment. The smile that Cas just gave him, his eyes, twinkling of joy, his cheeks, pink from the cold. A little smile forms on Dean's own lip as he watches the angel, wanting nothing more than to capture that moment forever.
Castiel hears his name, something about the way Dean says it, not with anger but a gentle softness, which causes him to open his eyes, slowly, he takes his time, still terrified from inside of what Dean might do and for the first time he tries to shift his head to follow the faint voice, his cheek brushes with Dean's stubble lightly when he hears another low whisper in his ear, which sounds much of like an apology.
Keeping track of time, he arrives early at the campus. Usually, he would take the direct path that leads straight to his block, which is what would happen if it was a regular day but today seems different, the weather is sweet to his liking, the cool morning air feels like a bliss, caressing his cheeks, he's already fifteen minutes early and a walk in this pleasant atmosphere would be just more refreshing. And that's how he ends up taking the longer route.
stupid and infuriating. However, there is a part of him that doesn't give a damn about Dean while there is also another part of him, a softer part, which is growing to care about him. He doesn't know why. Castiel doesn't give it much thought before going back to bed. It was stupid enough to help him but it was one time deal. At least in the way how Castiel sees it.
"Not like it's any of my business but, according to Ketch, their hookups are only occasional," Alfie informs and, with that, Dean takes a seat, grabbing a stool next to him, fishing out his phone out to text Charlie about the whole Arthur Ketch thing.
"If he hates you so much, start with small things, like make him breakfast or something," Sam says from the other end of the phone.
I don't know what's gonna happen today but if Chad doesn't gives us the wedding then let's just celebrate the day like we did with Dean's Birthday. Spread happiness. Pretend Dean and Cas are getting married in heaven and slow dancing to the tune of Elvis. It is soft and everything they have ever longed for.
“He’s not allergic to that cat. It doesn't have that kind of fur,” Castiel says, making a fair argument.
Huffing a dry laugh in between, Dean says, resting his head on the window glass, "You won't talk to me like this unless I'm drunk."
Dean wants to hit him, hit that gorgeous face so bad, make him taste some bruises. But he can't. He feels numb. His body freezes. His face inches away from Castiel's, and, in that moment, Dean is afraid what he might do to him. His patience wearing thin, pure rage burns through Dean's eyes, his anger is visible when he withdraws himself, his feet reels back a step, freeing both of Castiel's hands causing Castiel's breath to hitch in response.
Dean fixes himself near the entrance, giving thumbs up from distance. "It won't help getting rid of him for long," Crowley contemplates.
If you all forgot, CAS CAN DEFEND HIMSELF, keep this in mind while reading (I'll put things like this in notes, okay.) This is the one I was talking about, please do tell me about it, I've put a lot of work here.
Castiel looks up at the man standing above him and holding his arm as Dean returns the glance, both of them still contemplating.
Dean emerges from the kitchen, accompanied by the smell of a freshly cooked burger and fries which causes his brother to snap his head up. Dean slides a plate in front of Sammy and goes to sit next to Cas. He does the same for Cas, who doesn't spare a glance at his direction.
Mr. Sprinkles take a long time smelling the food, contemplating if it's edible. Maybe this is his first time around packaged cat food.
Castiel never came in looking for a fight, but nothing else runs through his head except for the fact that Dean Winchester is laughing after executing a well constructed plan.
"Works in the day shift. They kinda know each other, as far as I know, it's not their first time," Alfie replies.
Sitting opposite to Castiel, Dean finds it hard not to look at the lips licking the sauce away. "I know." Taking a bite of his own, Dean says, "I always made it for Sammy when we were young and Dad was away."
Dean never intended for his voice to come out harsh and for it to echo into the silence of the living room, scaring the little kitty awake, but he kinda enjoyed the view. Smiling to himself, he walks towards the fallen angel. Soon, his smile fades away, being replaced by a frown when he finds Cas lying on the floor.
"Must be Lisa, I will get that," Dean excuses himself walking over to the front door, he welcomes Lisa inside. He returns back to get the kitchen cleaned but Cas insists him to carry on with his plans with Lisa as he already did enough making the dinner, it's the least Castiel could do to clean up the dirty dishes.
The image got blurry as everything around him swirled for a moment, his vision falling into an abyss of darkness before it focuses back again. His mother is there no more. It makes him sad, because he didn’t even remember her; she died before he was even a year old.
He crouches down next to him, not quite certain of what really happened here; maybe Cas was having a bad dream or a nightmare when he scared him away.
Dean has a weakness. He can't stand Cas’ puppy eyes and upset face for too long. He lets Cas have those five minutes which soon turn into another thirty minutes. Dean is done playing good cop by then. He doesn't want to do the inevitable but the time has come. He must use force because Cas is not going to leave the place willingly.
Castiel debates if he has made the right choice staying in the same place as Dean, for whatever reason he has come around to tolerate his little quirks, including their small arguments followed by sarcastic comments. For a long time, he lived alone in this place and, yes, it would get lonely sometimes, he would crash on the couch after long hours of work and, in  those days, dinner seemed off the table, he would get exhausted just by thinking about spending the next hour in the kitchen satisfying his stomach.
Castiel settles on ignoring what he just heard, as he’s too tired to pay attention to their drunk chit-chat. Somehow, he manages to get the Impala keys from Dean before he stuffs both of them in the backseat. Yeah. It was a real challenge to get the keys from Dean.
The only thing he regrets is paying Meg to get Castiel's cell number when he could’ve gotten it for free.
"What?" It's hard to believe for Dean, because he always sees Castiel sticking his nose in books, away from the hookup world.
Dean stands there, with a shit eating grin on his face and raising an eyebrow, but says nothing and Castiel feels the need to defend his honour. He hates the faint feeling of vulnerability he gets when Dean says good things about him or flirts with him every so often to leave him frustrated and confused at the same time. Castiel stands high on his heels and finally says, "I feel nothing for you. Absolutely nothing!"
Dean hesitates at first, but slowly his hand comes to rest at the angel's back. He can't stay mad at Cas. “It's okay Cas.”
Dean smiles to himself, saying, "Sorry, man, I don't let strangers into the house and, besides, someone once lectured me to don't open the door wide open for everyone. They could be serial killer."
Castiel nearly chokes on Dean's answer. It was all working, Castiel was feeling better about Dean but he just had to go there and ruin everything. Guess old habits die hard.
Watching animals move around in the forest doing nothing but eat and shit on Discovery Channel makes Castiel's face light up with amusement, unlike Dean, who's feeling like torture to sit through the whole thing. Glancing sideways at the geek who's paying attention to every little detail on the screen, from the colour of the leaves of forest to the texture of the soil, makes Dean wonder if he's gone invisible while sitting right next to him.
Mr. Stangerson straightend up. “Oh, missing persons. So many homeless people come through here, then some disappear. It’s very unfortunate. Someone will come in and report a friend is gone and we’ll put up a flier, just in case. A lot of times it will be children.”
Dean answered with a kiss, but not the one Cas expected. He kissed him under his jaw, where it met with his throat. Then another on the opposite side, on the cheekbone just below the eye.
Someone knocked on the door after ten minutes, so Cas vacated the space. He had prepared himself for more of the same conversation that he'd left. Thankfully, the focus had shifted while he was gone to the case at hand.
It took some shuffling around and elbows and knees in weird places, but they finally got wrapped around one another, both comfortably. Dean was rubbing circles above Cas’ hip, just under his shirt and they were both almost asleep.
Dean walked closer to him, and didn’t have to get too close to smell the whiskey on his breath. He was willing to bet that the bottle they kept in the pantry was now empty.
Cas's first thought was to apologize to Sam and Dean in the very near future, if their first experiences at him flying them places had felt like this. The contents of his stomach felt like they'd been through a blender, and like every molecule of his being had shifted very slightly to the left.
He took the few steps over to Cas, who was still in front of the door, and reached up, the backs of his fingers rasping against Cas's cheek.
“Okay. I don’t think anything needs bandaging. No open places. But you’ll be uncomfortable for the next few days, I can tell you that. And there’s probably gonna be bruises.”
Cas sighed and leaned his head on his hand, elbow resting on the table. “I liked the first idea better.”
Dean nodded and rushed down to the store. He raced through, trying not to think about how long Sammy had been gone already, and how much longer it might take to get to him.
Sam sighed. He understood Dean and Cas’ relationship wasn’t exactly a normal one, because, well, almost anything they did wasn’t normal. So Sam had kind of hoped that they would skip the annoyingly cute couple phase that normal people usually went through. It looked like he was wrong. Maybe this wouldn’t last long, it was just because they’d made up the night before.
“Yeah. Moses could hear his true voice and not, you know, explode. Well, he wanted the Hebrews to follow God’s word, and if anyone didn’t they would all be punished.”
Well, one thing led to another and Dean still had that Braveheart wig that Charlie had given him when he led the army at the Battle of the Kingdoms, and Kevin happened to have a talking Iron Man mask in the trunk of his car.
Sammy had gotten into his first. It was just an envelope anyway, so it wasn’t like he had something to rip into. His eyes went huge when he saw what was inside.
Dean sighed and pulled him into a hug again. “Not when you’re drunk out of your mind, I don’t. I’m not gonna take advantage of you, okay? That’s not cool.”
Dean rolled his eyes and got back in the bed. The sheets smelled a little bit like Cas, and he really liked that. He leaned over and kissed Dean on his forehead.
“Well, get over it. Sammy and me…We know a thing or two about burdens, and you aren’t one. I know having someone tell you that isn’t gonna be enough, and you’ll still get bitchy at us, but we can take it. No one is gonna throw you out. And if I get pissed off and ever tell you to leave, you tell me to fuck myself and go hang out in another room until I’m chilled out. Got it?”
“Dean, if Cas comes back to Heaven as an angel, no warning from me will keep the others from tormenting him. He’d be a pariah. Besides, the only thing you missed about being an angel was your powers, right?”
He leaned down and kissed Cas on the top of his head again, burying his nose there for a minute, just breathing in his scent.
He carded his other hand through Dean's hair, and Dean leaned forward again. He kept a hand at the base, and took enough of his cock in his mouth as he could. It was weird, totally weird, not like doing this with a girl at all. But he liked it. The heaviness in his mouth, the salty tangy taste, and he knew he was loving it just because it was all
Benny and Charlie came back not long after that. Benny had taken over a lot of the cooking, once he realized most of them had not really experienced what he said was 'food the way it was meant to be made'. Which really just consisted of a lot of seafood, and Benny bitching about where they were.
He almost missed the gravel road in the dark, but he hurried down it. After some curves, Dean was relieved to see an old light post that flickered some…And Cas was there with someone. He ran a little faster.
Dean led him back into the library. Books were still stacked around, and Sam’s laptop was perched on a pile of papers, with Cas’ reading glasses on top. He’d been really ticked off, but a few days after they’d gotten back from Wilmington he’d started getting headaches and Sam had forced them onto his face.
He heard Charlie huff over the phone. “Come on, you gotta let me go. I was invited. Please!” The ‘please’ was long and drawn out.
Dean knew the guys meant well. But Sammy tended to be determined to think that every person had a kind and loving soul, deep, deep down. And Cas was still pretty naïve about some things, and Dean didn’t want to introduce him to this side of the human experience yet.
Cas was in the middle of giving him directions to the next victim’s house, when Dean just shot into a parking lot. Sam groaned.
Dean hummed, basically lying on the unit. “You pick man. No, wait, you’re a frost giant, I get the bed closest to this beauty.”
The cavern was full of witchy stuff. Stacks of dusty old books that Sam eagerly stashed in the pack they’d carried with them, herbs only used in spell casting, gross stuff that Dean didn’t want to know about, alters, ingredients to make all kinds of hex bags.
Gravity worked against them, and most of Dean's come ended up on Cas. But Dean ended up smearing it all over himself, the strength in his arms giving out, and he collapsed on Cas's chest, his lips touching against Cas's jaw.
Hell hadn’t really been hot. The pain, the terror caused most people to sweat, but really there was no true temperature. It just
“Uhm. No, not really. This stuff, you know, with a guy. It’s kinda new. Wanna ease ourselves into it.”
He gave him a thumbs up to indicate that he had heard him. When Sam closed the door, Dean began to stir a little, and after a moment his eyes fluttered open.
They raced up four flights of steps, and Cas barreled into the apartment door before Dean could stop him. The pull of the spell was too strong, so he was being drawn to Sam like a magnet.
Cas just shook his head, too, not moving his eyes from the papers. Dean sighed and moved to sit at the table where Sam had his computer set up.
“Fwhoo.” Dean reached over and grabbed the whiskey bottle, knocking back a couple more mouthfuls. “Let’s not do that again, huh?”
“You didn’t ruin anything. I just wanted to see what would happen next. You did your best, Cas. I wanted to see how the others would do, how my first children would act.”
She released her hold on Cas, who slipped down against the brick wall, and Dean was immediately by his side. Ruth walked away, not bothering to look back.
Dean leaned over to see how the cut on his head was doing. He’d cleaned the blood off at a rest stop, but he hadn’t been able to look at it. It wasn’t deep, and had already closed. Like most scalp wounds, it had just bled way too much, but it left a nasty looking bruise.
He looked around. “Topheth is a section of the Valley of Hinnom, also called Gehenna. It was where the idea of Hell came from. Topheth was named because of the screams of the children who were sacrificed there. So the land was cursed.”
"Ah. The honored guests. I knew you'd come eventually. I hope the others weren't too difficult to get through, but I needed you to at least have to try some to get here."
Dean sat up and pulled Cas to him. He kinda wished he had his shirt on, because now his chest was all wet and he was getting cold, and he hoped that Cas wasn’t gonna get snot all over him. But it was okay if he did. Dean just wanted to hold Cas, and hope that helped him feel better.
Cas very carefully lifted the keys from the bar, half-expecting Dean to change his mind and snatch them away. But Dean simply picked up the shot that had been intended for Cas, and he downed it, humming around the liquid.
"In 1916 there was a traveling circus a few towns away. After one of the shows, the elephant handlers were taking them for water, and one of them poked at an elephant named Mary to get her to hurry up."
She tilted her head and moved forward. “You,” she pointed a clawed finger at Cas. “Your faysh, it’shh familiar, hashah.”
“And he put my soul back together, Dean. He gave us his ring when we needed it and told us how to open the cage. This might be a good idea.”
He smiled a little and patted Cas’s hand on his arm before climbing out of the car. He leaned back in.
Dean was pointedly looking everywhere that wasn’t Sam. “The Florida hunt, the one me and Cas went on. Something, kinda-sorta, but not really happened.”
The rest of the drive that day was pretty quiet. When they stopped to get gas, Dean made Sam sit in the backseat, because Cas, who was cold natured even in the summer, was freezing. So Dean got him closer to the heat vents. Sam was too big for the backseat, but he wasn’t going to complain. It meant he could put on his headphones and totally ignore Dean’s out of tune ‘singing’.
Dean shrugged. “I’ve seen people get them all over. The Trans’ had theirs on their arms, Charlie had hers put between her shoulders. I met a dude in Montana who had his on the sole of his foot. And you know where mine and Sam’s are. It’s up to you.”
Jilly trailed off. Cas noticed a large photo album on a side table. The front was embossed with Hebrew letters.
They had been at this bar for a couple of hours now. Castiel had been pacing himself, determined not to get too inebriated. Dean clearly had no such qualms. Sam had disappeared, Cas assumed, with the leggy blonde who had caught his eye, stiletto heels taller than her skirt had been long.
Dean was busy trying to fix the sink in the kitchen. It had started dripping a few days before and it was getting on his nerves. Drip, drip, drip, until he insisted he could hear the dripping from behind his closed bedroom door.
Sam patted his arm and started to steer him towards the car doors. “Yeah, we get that. Now, how about…”
They set Cas down on the lid of the toilet. Dean had to hold on to him to keep him from slumping off. Sam started the hot water in the sink and went to get clothes. Together, they managed to wash all the blood off of him. Cas woke up a couple of times, groaning in pain when they moved him a certain way, but then he just drifted back off. There was a moment of silent awkwardness when Dean helped Cas to stand while Sam pulled off the bloody boxers and cleaned him before putting fresh boxers and sweatpants on him, then warm socks after Dean set him back down.
“Dunno. Just curious, and I never thought to ask before.” He turned his head so he was looking at Cas and smiled. “Feeling philosophical today.”
He moved so he was straddling Dean’s lap, and he put his hands on Dean’s shoulders. Dean automatically put his arms around Cas’ waist to keep him in place, and it was Dean initiating kisses this time, but Cas pulled back after a few minutes, face and lips redder than usual.
Sam seemed on the edge of sobbing again, and Dean swatted at the back of his head. “Come on, Sammy. Pull it together.”
Sam scrubbed at his eyes, and stood to get a tissue to wipe away the blood. Cas was blinking slowly while he did it.
He nodded. “Yeah. It was worse than the civil war with Lucifer. Kill or be killed? Espionage, factions within factions…I thought better of them all. And I was going to go back and fix things.”
Dean felt like he’d been slapped. Did Cas really feel that way? That he was being kept here against his will?
Dean huffed again, and started grabbing bags and taking them to the kitchen. “Help us with these, would you?”
"You don't watch people sleep, Cas, it's creepy." His eyes wonder the bed when he realises there is someone else in there with him. "And what the hell is Benny doing in my bed? Did I— did we— Noooo," his voice trails off in terror as his head drops down to get buried in his hands.
"Why are you telling me this?" Reclining forward, Castiel asks, looking at Dean through his reading glasses.
Cas narrows his eye at the drunk man, thinking whether he heard him right. "Dean, you are drunk." Noticing the disappointment on the drunk man's face, he adds, "Talk to me when you are sober." And he backs off, leaving Dean on his own.
The bartender, Alfie, is quite familiar with him as he had called Castiel before when Dean was drunk. "Yeah, I know the guy, always helps your drunk ass out of perdition."
from none other than Charlie because, apparently, Castiel texted her the same news about the idiot living in the house.
The arm guides him against his will until his head rests on a broad surface with his ear listening to a beating sound coming from underneath. "I've got you," Dean says, holding Cas against his chest.
"Come on, Cas, you can do better than this," Dean gives a half hearted smile, feeling bad for Cas already.
"Quite a brother you got there, mine is a more of a nerd like you. Oh shit. I'm late." Dean says looking at the clock. "I gotta go, bye." He grabs his jacket before stumbling out.
Castiel carefully carries him back to his room and lays him down next to Benny, making sure he has removed their shoes, and places the covers over them before leaving.
To be honest, most of it was only a playful attempt to lighten the atmosphere with a clever flirtatious response. Half of the time he wasn't even sure what he was saying. Until it became more and more real with their time together. It's been like twelve years and Cas is just as clueless. It's barely been a few minutes with that monster and Cas is affectionate towards it, to the extent that he would defy Dean.
"Your brother is still alive and kicking, I ain't done nothing to him, and I'm Dean by the way," snaps Dean, thinking the whole family is crazy.
"I am warning you. Keep your filthy hands off my things, Winchester." Rising to his feet, Castiel leans forward, threatening, hands on counter, eyes cold, voice harsh, as if he's about to  throw another punch. To Dean's relief, Castiel's phone buzzes, interrupting the threat, and he stumbles out hurrying.
He had felt terrible for leaving Dean like that in the morning but it’s not his fault; Dean chose to stay there, he had asked him to leave last night. He recalls staring down at the unconscious man this morning, and he wanted nothing but to wake him up, take him to bed, maybe tuck him in and free him of the misery, but that's not what he did because there was a voice screaming in his head,
"Please! You're my only hope" Charlie pleads. The rest of the group is either too drunk or too hard to find on the dark dance floor.
Dean chimes in to help his brother understand the story. “He found an abandoned cat and wants to keep it as a pet.”
Cas ignores the whole immature behavior, blaming it on the booze as he pays for the glasses and beer himself. He has had enough fuss for today. "How did you find my number?" he asks Alfie.
His glance doesn't go unnoticed, the way Castiel’s looking at him, Dean thinks he might have been asked the same question. Dean stands not too far, just a few steps away from him and the curiosity bubbles up inside him as he raises his eyebrows at Castiel, expecting an answer. Ladies dig the kind of personality Dean has. Also, he is far more handsome than anyone Castiel has been into. "I don't know," Castiel fumbles on the words. "And I don't wanna talk about it, why did you call, anyway?" he asks, glaring at Dean, who is looking right back at him, trying to hear the whole conversation, with a disappointed look on his face.
"Yeah, really!" Cas snarks back but Dean knows how to shut him up. He moves closer, filling the small gap, which makes Castiel look away uncomfortably. Suddenly, Castiel's legs hit the counter as he realises there's no more space to back off. And still he doesn't look up; rather his stare remains fixed somewhere around the chest of the man in front of him. The situation would remain under control if he avoids looking directly at him. That's the thing which freaks him out the most.
By the time they arrive at the bunker, Cas is seriously pissed off at Dean and the hunter is equally mad at the angel. Castiel trudges down the stairs, not surprised to find the younger Winchester still reading some lore.
Without Dean around, his day at home couldn't have been more peaceful. Talking with Gabriel only made his headache worse, so he switched to Charlie. It's fun how she could talk non stop without being annoying. Cas huffs a laugh when she mentions about threatening Dean if he ever tries to lock him up again.
HOT! DAMN! Right? I hope you all enjoyed it just as much. Where are my ghost readers at? I'm sorry but please don't hate Dean. Pretty please. I know you all expected Cas to lash out but it happened other way around and in my defense I gave you all heads up. I don't wanna be the one to say this but GIRLFRIEND I'm WITHHOLDING next chapter until you break your SEXY SILENCE.
"You fall for every waitress and bartender, Dean" pointing out the fact, Castiel takes another bite.
They sit in complete silence before Dean releases a small sigh, asking, "How are you feeling today?"
Lazily following Castiel, Dean makes a frown of disgust at the thick books and the nerds eyeing him, making a mental promise to himself this will be the first and the last time he will step foot in these dungeons.
Castiel looks up after a moment with red veins highlighting his blue eyes, tears rolling down his cheeks, hands still not willing to unwrap around Dean's neck. They are close enough that, if it wasn’t for his blurry vision, Cas would be able to identify every freckle on Dean's face.
Castiel gathers his stuff and makes his way towards exit and Dean follows Castiel closely behind while walking out.
"I know." Cas can't help but smile at the way those words leave his mouth, thinking a sober version of Dean wouldn't say such things; not directly to his face anyway.
"Go to sleep," Cas commands, feeling Dean's gaze on him, as he turns the lights off before proceeding towards his room.
“Hey Cas,” Sam greets, only to be ignored. He looks up at Castiel and continues. “I was really missing you guys. We are out of food and I am really hungry. So, what did you guys buy?”
He pushes through the crowd, making his way towards the stage, and snatches away the mic from Dean, forcing him down from the wooden stage. "You are coming with me, this ends now."
The argument started when Dean and Castiel went grocery shopping. Sam is left alone at the bunker reading some lore at his usual spot. He doesn't need to tag along and serve as third wheel. It's crazy enough he has to do it twenty-four seven and Dean doesn't trust his brother because the last time Sam went shopping all by himself he bought nothing but rabbit food. Poor Dean had to survive on salads and beer for the next few days. Castiel is not doing anything either so Dean thinks, why not take the angel as well? It will be more fun.
. A faint buzzing in his ears. It’s Benny. He squints at the phone, interrupting his sweet slumber. Still not very conscious, he picks it up, muttering a muffled sound.
Dean is sitting on a stool near the counter, clutching the beer in his hand while laughing with some guy, who Castiel assumes must be his friend Benny.
It's Jensen's Birthday and I am back with a little treat. I hope he is living his best days. Happy 43rd Birthday Jensen.
"Are they that bad?" Dean asks, sounding concerned, reaching for Castiel's hand across the table to comfort him and let him know it's okay, Dean understands what he is going through.
Cas is still ignoring him. Dean hates it when Cas acts like this. Taking a deep breath to calm himself, Dean tries once again. “Whatcha reading, Cas?”
Why involve the law and, especially, why complain to Bobby if he wants to put a lawsuit. Courtesy of Sam, he learned a little about law and knows how to settle for a truce, even if that meant Castiel gets to keep his favourite black leather jacket. So be it.
Lisa is not here yet by the time Dean is done helping Crowley with the lights, wiring and stuff. The place is all set. He's chatting with Crowley after coming out dressed, admiring the hard work of the place.
"Take these aspirins, my job as babysitting you is done, and, yes, you both fucked, live with it," Castiel spats, placing the bottle of aspirin on the nightstand with force.
Castiel gives the kitty a gentle push in the direction of the box but it clearly doesn't want to crawl back into its box. Soon it returns to Cas, meowing in protest.
"You're already cooking Dean, I can hear you." The phone is placed right on the counter, it's no wonder he could hear him cooking.
"Then where am I supposed to show it off? In front of you, huh?" Dean wiggles his eyebrows, earning an eye roll from Castiel.
When was the last time Cas hugged Dean like that? With that kind of excitement and heart warming tenderness? Never. For Dean, it is always a firm man-to-man kind of hug. It was never like this. Dean is too overwhelmed to even think about it. This is not fair. What does that cat have that Dean doesn't? Dean can also make a squinty face. He can cuddle all day long. He also follows Cas around without wanting food in return, and he can definitely meow at Cas. Dean is a whole package standing right here. Why can't Cas see that? Dean is definitely not insane for acting like this. Cas is crazy. That cat is freaking crazy.
Some people might find that little face adorable but not Dean. He hates it. Cats are just selfish, lazy, evil creatures. He doesn't know why, but he just doesn't trust cats. Even dogs are better than that. If a thief breaks in at least he knows the dog is gonna bark. But no, not a cat; a cat will make sure it gets its sleep. Having a cat in the bunker doesn't make any sense. Not to mention he has to take allergy meds regularly if there's a cat around. And what if the hunt takes longer than expected and the freaking animal dies?
Dean's room is messy as always because of his habit of throwing things around, or, like he says, it's easier to find the stuff that way, like his half eaten bag of chips, or the towel on the bed, or dirty clothes lying on the floor, which disgusts Cas.
He brushes the thumb over the cool and pale skin. "It's not your fault, okay, none of this is, you can't blame everything on yourself, Cas," he says in an attempt to be reassuring.
Knowing for certain Cas is trying to avoid him, "Look at me," Dean whispers again in his ear, sending an involuntary shiver down his body. "Cas?" It's the last thing Castiel wants to hear, the faint dizziness finds its way back to him, causing Castiel to shut his eyes, slowly, humming low in response, hoping Dean will stop calling his name like that.
The dead silence of the living room always seems perfect for Cas to bury his nose in a book. He has this weird habit of fiddling with the corner of a page whenever he gets stuck, his fingers find their way around the edge to the top left corner of the page, causing it to wrinkle every now and then. With the passage of time, he makes himself more comfortable, so he’s not longer in his initial position, but, instead, he has his legs sprawled up on the couch with the book resting on his lap.
"They love your ass," Castiel says dryly, holding the drunk man's elbow and dragging him through the crowd towards the exit gate.
It's time to shut it. Dean thinks. There aren’t enough ice cubes in the refrigerator. And it hurts a lot. "Why are you acting so rude, I just saved you, man."
Before the same happens to his jaw. It takes a moment for Castiel to register: it's Dean, kissing him. He should say something. He should stop Dean, his jaw clenches, seeming tense, but the words never make it to his tongue because Dean doesn't stop there, he goes down, tracing his neck. "Dee-an," Cas whispers.
Of course it's Dean, who else would it be? One hand is gripping Castiel by his shoulder while the other is crumpling his T-shirt and Dean is on top of him. Yet again.
Dean observes the scene before it becomes a memory, there is a warmth filling up his chest as he watches the corner of Cas' eye crinkle in joy, his cheeks brighten up red as his teeth peeks out when he throws his head back laughing. It's truly the kind of smile that can brighten up anyone's day. And, suddenly, he doesn't mind if Cas is making fun of him as long as he gets to enjoy the company.
"Right back at you, Novak," Dean snaps back, pressing a little tighter at the wound and getting a yelp out of Cas on purpose.
"He has been having nightmares ever since Michael died, little bro didn't take Michael's death well." There’s a little pause before he speaks again, "Michael was our brother, pretty close to Cassie. Just be there for him when he has one, don't leave him alone, I don't trust him on that."
He dials the next possible person close to Cas. "Not with Kevin or Garth either," Charlie informs from the other end of the phone.
"Don't steal my thunder, Cas, these people love me," Dean protests on hearing the people making disappointing noises when he gets interrupted between the show.
Dean stretches his arm out, snapping Castiel's attention back to meet green eyes, and sending him tensing to the edge as Dean swiftly slides his hand to take the drinks off the counter, while brushing Cas' arm in the process. Cas' discomfort is visible, he stands frozen, clenching his jaw, doing his best not to look directly at Dean. "Relax princess, I'm not gonna jump on you"
"I never applied for the `Babysitting Dean Winchester Internship`," he says, putting air quotes on the last four words.
To be honest, Dean can't believe Castiel is genuinely talking to him and finally showing some interest in his life for the first time. It's not like Dean expected Castiel to tell him about what his family is like but this is nice. They sit there for some more time, talking about college, making snappy jokes about each other when Castiel tells him how troubling it was to handle a drunk Dean and Dean can't help but laugh about it before giving a sincere apology; It would never happen again, at which Castiel smiled. Although Castiel doesn't reveal anything about the other man's clingy behaviour and the weird things Dean said to him. He would like to keep that memory for himself.
All the way back, Dean doesn't say a word—he surely is mad at Cas for punching him for no good at all but, in his mind, he keeps thinking that this guy is on fire since morning, no wonder he couldn't let go of an opportunity like that. Castiel just sits there in silence, trying to get words from his mouth, but not being able to bring up the courage to speak.
Dean picks up a few, reading the names and ingredients in it before tossing them aside. What difference does it make to a damn cat, anyway? He goes for the cheapest one on the shelf but then remembers how protective Cas was toward the thing. If that cat has high freaking standards, it is not going to eat cheap food and Cas is gonna blame him for that. Dean ends up purchasing some above average cat food and decent water. He pays the bill and the cashier tells him, "Thanks for shopping. Come again."
Cas still looked mortified. "Okay. I'll go out first and make sure everyone's cool, and you come out in about five minutes. How's that?"
It occurred to Cas as he was handing the money over to the nice elderly lady who ran the shop, that besides his clothes, the wallet Dean had given him and a Velcro-on watch that Sam had bought him in Portland, these were the first material possessions he truly had for himself. He could stack them on the small shelf on his desk.
Sam had had to put up with a lot of ill-disguised giggles before he socked Dean in the arm and made him go find some toboggans. His hair…
He reached out, and trailed a finger tip across Cas's shoulder, the callused pad rough against the stiff fabric. "This is a bad idea."
? He was disappointed with that period of his life, the choices he’d made. Purgatory had been his own A.A., but no way someone here could understand that.
Dean heard the words come out of his mouth and groaned at the innuendo and picked up a pillow from the bed and tried to suffocate himself with it. Cas yanked it out of his hands and sat next to him on the bed. He reached over and took Dean’s hand.
Sam and Cas didn’t really want to eat after the lab, so Dean dropped them off at their motel then swung by a diner he remembered passing by. He had a serious need for a cheeseburger. And their advertised ‘world’s best onion rings’. And three slices of pie. And a milkshake. With another cheeseburger. And two more slices of pie.
She nodded. “Yeah. The humanity you put in him made a huge difference. Oh, and he said to let you guys know if you ever need anything to just call. Well, he didn’t say ‘call’ he said ‘summon’.”
Just before they left Erwin, Dean saw an article in the paper that pointed to a few werewolf attacks in, of all the depressingly ironic places, Madison, Wisconsin. So they headed north to check it out. Unfortunately, when they got there, it was to find out that the attackers were actually a nest of almost rabid vamps that liked to tear people apart and then eat their hearts.
“Tallish, with strawberry blonde hair, wearing jogging pants and a Kansas State shirt. Skinny looking, maybe late twenties.”
It tickled where Dean breathed on the places on his neck he had made wet. "I trust you to stop if I tell you I am uncomfortable, Dean. I need to be with you in some way."
Dean came and kneeled in front of him. “I told you. A while back, that if I ever hurt you, I would do anything to make it up. If you’d said you were hurting, I would have eased off. I didn’t realize I was holding on that hard, because yeah, I was mad. But no matter how mad I am, I’ll never hurt you on purpose.”
The old man nodded, and started to turn back into his house, but stopped. “You boys are going to find out what did this to Harold, aren’t you?”
Legion rolled his eyes and finished the last of the whiskey from the bottle, then suddenly turned and hurled it at Cas, who ducked just in time. When he straightened up, Legion was right in his face.
Sam was pacing up and down part of the small dirt trail that Kevin had found when he scouted through here. It was at a perfect place so they could see right down through an overgrowth of trees and brambles into the area around the old slaughterhouse. He really, really didn't like that they'd chosen a slaughterhouse for their HQ.
The last couple of hours had him so close to having some kind of panic attack, the kind usually reserved for waking up from Hell Nightmares.
He turned around. “I remember Daphne making eggs. And she always used a spray. This is the only kind I could find, and it looked the same.”
Sam couldn’t help himself. “Dean. You and Cas have been ‘maybe a thing’, since about a month after you met. Yeah, I’m used to the idea by now.”
Castiel was sure that if he looked, he could come up with a lot of Dean unrelated reasons to not stay with the Winchesters, but these were the ones that had really stuck out at him. He rubbed his hand over the paper. It all seemed so absurd now, now that Cas and Dean had had it out.
attracted to Cas. He’s, like, the exception. You fell in love with his personality first and now you’re doing…Actually, I don’t wanna know what you’re doing, just keep it out of the common areas.”
Dean leaned forward so his chin was resting on the back of the front seat. “I love you, you know that?”
There was a flash, and surely enough, Crowley had appeared. He looked awful, the normal suit in tatters, scorched along the edges. He was torn, and bloody, and beaten.
“Okay, the neighbor across the street found this guy. Let’s leave Dean here, and we’ll go check him out.”
Allie chuckled. “It depends. Lies taste like tofu and sugar-free pudding. But when you talked about Dean...Your words tasted like apples and old leather. Is he your boyfriend?”
“This is interesting. Some people were found petrified in their homes, and others outside. There doesn’t seem to be a pattern, but it is weird. Why was Reggie O’Harris out near a swing set at nighttime? And why was Harold Spencer out here?”
For a couple of days, it felt kind of empty in the bunker without Kevin around. True, he had usually just been in the library, but when he had taken breaks he was fun to hang out with now that he wasn’t so high strung.
He held his hands out and there was a Monarch butterfly walking around. “I think he likes me. Hasn’t flown off yet.”
But it was Dean, back as scheduled, with the last member of the raiding party. He was all smiles, like Sam remembered him, and he walked right over to Sam with his hand held out.
The door shut behind them. It was a small trailer, just a front room with a bed and a dresser, then a tiny kitchen area and a small round table with two chairs.
Cas was able to reach and pat Dean's knee, the most comforting he could be right now. He was finding that the longer he was awake, the more he could move. Dean covered Cas' hand with his own.
Ten minutes later found Cas and Baby safely parked at the Sunset Inn. Cas sent identical texts to the brothers reading Room 23, then settled on one of the beds, reading a book he'd bought at a Gas-N-Sip outside Little Rock.
Dean was refusing to look Cas in the eye during any of this. The few sips he’d had of the whiskey was not near enough to make this conversation okay.
Dean had gently tapped him with his elbow and leaned over. “It’s not about the waitress thing, is it? ‘Cause I was just kidding about that…”
Eventually, the white noise faded, and Dean could hear Sam yelling at him, telling him something. He shook his head and was able to concentrate some.
Individual Warnings: The case involves suicides, but they are not described, and all happen off-screen. A major character experiences depression, but there is no self-harm/suicidal ideations.
Cas took the hint and began pulling off his own jacket while Dean stripped himself of his black t-shirt. It, Cas's jacket, and the dark grey Henley he'd liberated from Dean's bag all joined the pile.
“Okay, so the vegan checked of the wagon and had a fried food binge every week. That fits in with the others, right?”
The next morning, Dean had brought Cas and Sam coffee. The niceness of the gesture was off-set with the information that Dean had gotten a cryptic phone call from a man named Terry.
So, when they’d finally tracked down the old, weed-eaten cemetery and started digging up the grave, that’s when the trouble started. As a hunter, of course the girl knew what they were up to, and began coming at them. Sam and Dean were digging as fast as they could, and Cas was guarding them, shooting at the girl when she’d pop up.
After a few minutes, Dean gently flipped them over and he moved so he was lying in between Cas’s legs. It was slower this time. Cas held around Dean’s shoulders, rubbing up and down his back. He took the time to kiss over Dean’s freckles and his eyelids.
“Yeah. But it’ll be hard, depending on what kinds of powers they still have, and what kind of angel they used to be.”
He’d thought his heart had stopped for a minute, but he was getting out of the bed and sliding his boots on.
Castiel sat at the small table nestled next to the motel window, blue and green neon bleeding across the surface, staining his hands and the faded paper in front of him in their muted colors. A truck heading down the Interstate blared its horn despite the early hour, and the lights briefly lit the small room up. But Cas didn't look up from the paper, sitting innocently on the Formica top.
“Hey. I will never hurt you on purpose. And if I ever do by accident, I promise to make it up in any way possible.” He ducked his head down, closer to Cas’ ear. “You are special to me, remember?”
Allie took the receipt paper, a small smile on her face. “Yes. Helena. I remember her. She was nice. Her words tasted like Oreos.”
Dean's hand felt hotter than his own ever did. In fact, Cas had been concerned by how cold his hands had become as a human. Dean had yet to complain, though. The moist heat made a difference, providing the illusion that his length was being enveloped by something other than a hand. His grip was immediately tighter than Cas had ever used on himself, and he understood why right away.
He wants to scream at Dean, who's coming closer, but his throat is suddenly drier than usual, the words get stuck as Castiel looks away just in time for Dean to end up nuzzling against his cheek. He brushes his lips back to a spot behind Cas' ear, kissing there, sucking hard on the spot. Losing control, his head falls back on Dean's shoulder, his eyes shut tightly, lips sealed to stop from making noise.
The bar isn't really a decent place, according to Castiel; right now, there are people making all kinds of comments on Dean, starting from his perfect voice to his perfect ass, he could hear people cheering, a group of girls in the corner giggling and making assumptions whether he's a top or a bottom, and that's when Castiel thinks,
Walking away from the crowd, he finds himself standing by the pool, inhaling deeply the fresh air. It is nice and quiet over here, not too many people or too much noise, just some nice chilly wind sweeping swiftly, touching his face, smoothly ruffling his hair. He closes his eyes, surrendering himself to the feeling.
At that moment Castiel really wishes for a serial killer. Taking a bullet in the head seems like a nice plan, it would be even more fantastic if the gun was aimed at Dean first. Castiel would make some popcorn and enjoy the show as Dean gets shot, after all, dealing with a serial killer is a much better option than being tortured by Dean's warm breath tickling around his neck.
Thoughts on Dean everybody. Tell me about this one in the comments. (No pressure guys but I love it when you tell me. It gives me nice positivity for the whole week)
A smile spreads on Dean’s face, remembering the time he bought it for Sammy as a Christmas gift when he was 9 years old. The book isn't in a good condition, probably has been read more than a few times. Opening it, he notices something written in a beautiful handwriting on the very first page.
"I had to deal with two drunks yesterday, not only driving them but having to carry one of them to bed. That is what's going on in my life." Slamming the book shut, Cas says.
"Shut the fuck up or I'm throwing both of you out!" Castiel hisses, giving a death glare to them from the mirror.
Physics class is incomplete without Charlie next to him. The gang occupying the last seats with infinite laughs is a whole different kind of vibe. Not long after, Charlie marches in, going whole commando mode on him like he's some kind of crazy ass villain from a shitty drama movie.
Panicking, Castiel loosens his grip on Dean, bringing his hands down to his side, snapping Dean back into reality. Dean gives up on his thoughts, letting his hands fall from his waist as Cas scoots back quickly to make room between the two.
"You have only climbed three steps," Castiel glances down at him while his hand rests on Benny's back.
His voice comes out smooth and clear, quiet yet powerful. While shifting his pitch for a higher note, he spots Castiel in the middle of the crowd when he sings aloud the lyrics with added enthusiasm, "Darling! You give Love a Bad name!" pointing a finger towards Castiel and dancing along. The amount of booze he took is far more than normal, he doesn't seem to care that there are other people in the bar, cheering and enjoying his little show as he dances and swirls his ass along the music mostly to Cas.
“No!” Castiel protests in an instant. "You know what I mean." Dean gives a confused look, waiting for Castiel to elaborate on his part. “Getting drunk everyday,” Running a hand through his already messy hair, Castiel sighs and Dean pretend not to notice how hot he looks in those disheveled sex hair.
Castiel never expected Dean to give a crap or patch him up, but he clearly must have misjudged him. He's not the bad guy. Maybe. He doesn't know.
It takes a few rings before Bobby answers, threateningly, "You calling me at this hour, boy, better make it worth it."
“I guess. But if that will make Cas happy then what's the harm?” Sam asks, standing in the middle of the kitchen and looking at Dean hopefully.
Dean's little experiment is failing. Disappointment hits differently when Cas ignores him the way he ignores speed limit, he's supposed to push him away or at least put up a fight, instead, he's still standing there, no words spoken, just busy perfecting the goddamn toast, not paying attention to him at all.
"What do I want, seriously? You are the one hiding the secret boyfriend here," Dean complains, "You could at least allow me to meet your friends," he says, getting a little defensive, and soon regrets it.
She's surely taking advantage of an innocent looking guy like Cas but, in a situation like this, he has no other choice than sliding more cash in her direction.
"Cas?" He asks, voice low, lips close to Cas' ear, his forehead lightly brushing the side of Cas' head. Castiel doesn't move at all, apart from holding his breath when Dean calls his name and releasing it real quick, which would go unnoticed if Dean wasn't this close. Still, he avoids looking, no eye contact, nothing. Sighing on his defeat, Dean drops his head, hooking his chin on Cas' shoulder as he watches the long slender fingers work.
He prepares himself for what he's about to do next. The moment Castiel's attention is back on the TV, Dean finds himself leaning forward towards him and he continues on the effort, knowing the panic he is sending Castiel into.
"Not unless you ask me to anyway," he adds, before removing himself from the spot with yet another wink.
Castiel sighs, looking up at the man who is leaning on his elbows, staring right at him, eagerly waiting for an answer. Dean waits patiently and watches Castiel tug at his sleeves uncomfortably. Maybe Dean is a changed man and maybe Charlie was telling the truth when she said Dean is one of the nicest people she knows and a great friend.
Dean drives aimlessly, killing a few hours. He stops by a local bar for a couple of drinks and before he knows it, it's dark outside. He wonders if Sam and Cas are still reading, or if they both are bitching behind his back, or if they have set the bunker on fire. Cas and Sam cannot be trusted together. He is well aware, both Sam and Cas are very smart and clever but leaving the two of them alone in the bunker for too long is dangerous.
Finally, he gets the bed done, and, flopping down, he sighs. That was quick. He's tired, last night was rough. Slowly, closing his eyes, he drifts into emptiness.
Dean waits for a beat but Cas doesn’t touch the food while Sam on the other hand puts aside his book and makes some more space in front of him and Dean knows his brother must be really hungry if he’s eating on the library table.
As a brother, Michael was always there for him. He was the only one Cas could really open up too. Gabriel was also there for him but he was more of a trickster, always taking things less seriously. He sighs, staring into the emptiness for a long time before going back to bed.
Castiel flinches away abruptly like he is about to be robbed, he looks alarmed, blinking blankly at Dean, who doesn't move any further after noticing him flinch. The terror glooming from Castiel's eyes soon melts, his expression calms down and looks a bit relieved after recognizing what Dean's intention was all about, thinking he must have misjudged him, he lets out the breath he didn't know he was holding.
With his mind blacking out and giving up on escaping the situation, he meets the gaze of the man leaning above him. The stare he receives is strong, intense, yet so tender. Castiel studies him, realising his expressions are neutral as before, and he feels lost as he breathed in Dean's scent, the sharp jawline blessed with little stubble on the side of his cheeks, freckles dusted across his face like stars, not to forget his hazel green eyes. Castiel finds himself thinking why he has to be so gorgeous and so close.
"Ketch is a nice guy, Dean," Cas says, meanwhile, Ms. Beverly resumes the class, gaining their attention.
Acknowledging the discomfort Dean has laid upon Cas by asking about his siblings, Dean makes a mental note to never bring that kind of topic again. Dean replies, "Nothing like I planned but it's good. What about you?"
Dean only sticks around with them for one drink and then he’s gone, which is a relief because Garth, Charlie and even Kevin are giving Cas weird looks. They heard everything Dean just said and now they think he's sweet. If only they know what a monster he really is.
“I heard him, Sammy!” Dean interrupts before Sam can even finish the sentence and quietly, Sam goes back to eating.
It took Sam almost three months to reach his breaking point. He is just really done with everything he has had enough of his stubborn brother and the clueless angel. Sam is not sure what Cas feels about Dean but there has to be something because sometimes Cas doesn't talks to Dean for days when he is mad and he never used to behave like that before. It started after Sam explained to him about the scene in the movie where the main characters were ignoring each other. Of course Cas had a hard time understanding it but he understood it pretty well when Sam said it's something humans do when they are mad at their loved ones.
"Don't patronize me, Cas," accepting the defeat, Dean retreats his arm back to his side on the armrest while his other arm rests peacefully at the back of the couch.
"My stomach hurts, man," he manages to speak between his laughter. Castiel is annoyed, not because he has made a fool of himself but because he's disappointed by the fact that he hasn't developed any urge to punch Dean right in the jaw. Thinking deeply for the reason, he's also kinda amazed to find himself enjoying the ride.
I'm not telling anything because spoilers. And find somewhere quiet and read the chapter all at once without any interruption. (By the end of it I hope you say, Hot Damn.)
Hoping there aren't any more surprises for the day, Dean flops down on the couch in the living room, lying on his back with sore muscles, reddened forehead and a bleeding nose.
Swinging his arms in the air like a drowning man, Dean startles awake growling, "Sonofabitch," followed by a, "What the hell, Cas?" He grumbles, flinching his head away from the light entering from the closed blinds; his head is throbbing with intense pain, it feels like he could pass out anytime soon, and the one sided pillow fight was just the cherry on the top.
There aren't many people around, just a few scattered around the huge campus. However, being early means more time for reading the novel. Fishing out the book as soon as he's inside, Castiel begins walking up the staircase of the empty building, which will soon be crowded with depressed students wearing worn out eyes and anxiety issues. Engrossed in the book, he's least aware of his surroundings; it's empty anyway.
“About what exactly, Cas?” Dean asks again, nudging his side, his normal voice coming out loud in the library's environment.
Dean stares at him, utterly silent for a moment before leaping forward a few steps, ready to launch himself on Cas. He yanks him by his collar, bringing him up close to his face. "Choose your next words," he warns as his brows furrow,
Castiel begins to elaborate. It was back during high school days, they were kids. Castiel was nothing like he's today. He was a timid little nerd kid who got bullied easily. It goes way back when Dean was the new kid. He remembered Dean. He was mostly used to lying back and watching Alastair and his friends bully people like him. Except for one day when they forced Dean to participate. They were watching him from a distance when Dean came around him and pushed him from behind. He went past him hurriedly as Castiel fell on the ground. His head hit the concrete and some stone left the mark. It was only a few days after that he heard the news that Dean had left. No wonder he doesn't remember the incident at all.
Dean wakes up with a stiff neck, feeling a little colder than usual, shifting a little in his sleep. He winces. When did his bed turn into a hard rock and why the hell is it so friggin cold?
Last night, he didn't really get much sleep and, now, with turning pages back and forth, paying attention to each and every word, he’s tired as hell. Exhausted, he finally takes a break, placing the book along with his reading glasses on the coffee table. His head lulls to the armrest of the couch, seeking comfort before he closes his eyes for a brief moment, slowly dozing off to sleep.
Castiel thinks before his mind catches up. "You used my shampoo?" Castiel eyes widens on hearing the response.
“Then, what's the problem?” Sam asks. Just another day playing mediator to settle the dispute between his brother and the angel.
After a lot of insisting from the other end of the call, he says, "I'll think about it," before hanging up the phone. He tosses it away.
Dean runs in, rushing to the top. The door is still locked. Unlocking it, he barges in, realizing it is freezing out here.
Castiel doesn't have any more energy left to deal with the drunk Dean situation every day and, moreover, they are sharing a living place for quite some time now so it is merely essential to know each other more than the surface level. After all, Dean did want to hang out with Castiel and talk to him and, to be clear, Castiel can do that he is open to the idea of getting along with Dean but only if the man can act like a normal person for one tenth of a freaking second.
He crouches down next to him, whispering, "Put your arms around me." Dean seems to follow the instructions. Castiel gently sweeps him up thinking
Running a hand through Dean's hair, Castiel slowly brings his palm all the way down, cupping Dean’s cheek. "You know I can't," he sighs.
Dean is sitting next to him, comforting him, when he says, "C'mere," trying to get Cas up in a sitting position.
Don't remember what? It's been just a few days with this guy. Not like Dean had done some research on him, Dean contemplates in his thoughts. Life's tough sometimes. "Can't believe someone can do this," Dean says low, which gets Cas' attention and his head snaps up.
Waking up by loud noises is not exactly Castiel's cup of tea. He is more used to waking up by the sound of his alarm or birds chirping, or sometimes Gabriel throwing a pillow at him, but Dean yelling in his Batman voice truly freaked him out. He literally jumps out of the couch, and, when he tries to roll over, being quite unaware of his surroundings, he lands face-down on the floor between the gap of the coffee table and the couch.
After last night, Castiel was really considering hanging out with Dean for a little while. Castiel has thought a lot about it since then. It doesn't have to be hours long conversations, they can start with small talk, maybe over dinner because they both do eat the whole meal in silence mostly and it would be a great time to share their likes and dislikes, plus, they could talk about what common interests they both share so they could talk around each other more often.
Somewhere between whispering snappy jokes to make the angel smile and earning an eye roll from him, the time flies by quickly as they continue to walk closely side by side in the aisle with Cas holding the cart. Cas loves to assist in these sorts of things. Sometimes his nose will scrunch up while examining a product, and sometimes Dean will toss things into the cart from a distance, earning a disgusted look from Cas.
Castiel looks confused at first, shivering from cold and having Dean up close when he croaks out, "No-nobody got time for that."
Why is he so cute? Dean is busy admiring his angel when Cas does something incredibly gross. Cas kisses that damn thing on the forehead. Get a room! And that's not the end of it, Castiel lifts the monster into his laps wearing the same goofy grin on his face.
"Seriously, man, what the hell. And what's up with the accent?" It's been only a few minutes and he has already interrupted Dean twice.
Cas gives him a deadly look. The one he used to give Dean back when they first met, and Dean remembers it clearly. It's the classic angel of the lord look which Cas mainly used when he made a witty comment about God. Easy times. Dean hasn’t seen that look in years and is taken aback by the way Cas keeps glaring at him. Should Dean be worried? Cas is not gonna smite him. Right?
"No. This can't be. This is bad," Castiel mutters under his breath, already picturing his life after today.
Castiel frowns, watching the terrible attempt go aflame. "I am not some random girl you picked up to get laid."
Castiel can't hear anything, his mind is focused on one thing and one thing only, he wants Alastair to suffer the same way he did. He will fight anyone who comes in his way, he's lost and before he knows he ends up holding Dean's collar and hitting him. "Stay out of this, Winchester," he warns before going back to smiting Alastair.
Dean looks lost. Is he not falsely blaming him? He doesn't remember hurting anyone like this. He has been in fights. A lot of fights. But this, this is not him. Not really. Even in the drunk fights he leaves a room for mercy. And his mind works fine, he would have remembered Castiel.
There's a comfort in Dean's voice which causes Castiel to confess, "It's all my fault, I-I could have saved him," he mumbles in his neck, his voice breaking mid sentence.
Dean can't say no to that, and maybe after feeding that beast Cas won’t throw anymore tantrums. Hopefully, he will leave the animal, and maybe Dean won't feel like the bad guy.
, Castiel yells, feeling like a knight, swinging the pan in the air, hitting the serial killer, who falls flat, face down on the floor.
The horrible feeling in his chest grows strong. More than anything, Dean just wants him to be okay. He crouches down near him, his voice trembling of fear.
