is on soon, anyway.
Castiel looks down at his hands, undoubtedly holding the white plastic bag. He doesn’t need to look inside to identify the dark red mass in it. He looks up and sees Naomi in the distance, her eyes filled with tears of regret as she begs for him to reconsider.
Castiel wants to grab him by the shoulder and force him to turn around, but he doesn’t do that. “Dean, look at me.” Dean turns towards him again, but still frowns down at the floor. “Dean.”
an adult too, you know. He’s capable of handling himself.”
The field of gold stretches beyond the horizon, and a silhouette of a bird flies across the golden sky. He used to feel so much more grand, so much more than everything around him, so much like he was part of the sky that stretches before him. Capable of so much more.
“It’s an excuse,” Dean continues, and Castiel stiffens. “You just needed a reason to stay. With me.”
Castiel wakes up.
Cas pokes out from behind the door, changed out of the costume he’s now holding in his hands. “I just wanted to return this, and thank you for inviting me along,” he says. “So, thank you.”
The wait for the bus is the worst—Dean admits that even as a full human he’s dreading the cold as the wind pierces through their layers of clothes, not cold enough for all the precipitation to be snow but cold enough that there’s a bit of snow in the mix. Cas looks like he’s about to give up on his personal learning-about-humanity mission of his if it means not having to stand in the freezing rain-snow for ten minutes. With Cas’s naturally higher body temperature, Dean swears he sees few water droplets sizzle off of his face. He thinks maybe Cas should get a scarf, to cover up his bare cheeks against the cold.
A nagging suspicion along with sinking dread that follows has Dean narrowing his eyes. “You… stay right there,” he says with a jab of a finger towards Cas’s way.
“Ain’t that a surprise,” Dean mutters, and turns the wheel with more force than necessary.
Castiel jolts awake.
He tries out a laugh, but it comes out as a strangled sound instead, and Cas just looks sadder than before. Fuck.
“Was that one always there?” Castiel asks as they walk towards the door.
Though it seems like he’s come across some big revelation, the truth is that not much has changed; he’s known for a while, he thinks. Just that he’s only put into words on what's been happening in his head all this time, is all. Explains a whole lot about some things in the past few years, too. He really supposes most people don’t dream about kissing their roommates in a completely non-platonic way and shit, it’s totally on him for not figuring
“We have enough space in the bunker.”
“They’re trying,” Cas says as they step in between Dean and Summer, and they squeeze Dean’s hands tightly. “Dean, you’ve seen them. It’s not all of them that’s causing this to happen—just a few among the billions of people. And though it’s been slow, the rest of them have been trying.”
“Gone. Obliterated. The ocean’s been doing her best to make the Earth less hot but she’s eaten more of that carbon dioxide stuff than she’s ever done before to get rid of it, and now she’s gone too warm for the things that help to keep the corals alive.”
“Nevermind,” Dean mumbles. “Drop it, Cas. It was stupid.”
Cas sighs. “I’m watching an auction that’s being held to raise money for nonprofit organizations.”
“Yes.” Cas flexes his shoulders with a groan and his wings flutter out from under his jacket. “Ugh.”
expectations. Usually don’t work out so well. My own damn fault,” he said with a tight smile.
things to be like this,” Dean says.
Hannah cocks her head to the side with a frown. She touches the center of her chest. “Caroline’s felt something similar for her husband, I think.”
Dean starts to answer, and pauses.
“Yes?”
“We’re good, Cas,” Dean cuts. Castiel blinks. “Let’s just focus on the now.”
And that’s that. The moment is mostly chalked up as some weird shit Cas can do, like a cool party trick some dude did at some party months ago.
woman.
“Really?” Dean finally says, disbelief oozing out of him.
“Oh, Dean,” Cas turns around casually. His wings are poking out from underneath the dark brown trench coat, relaxed as Cas stretches his arms to the side. “What do you think?”
“Oh. Uh,” Cas nods stiffly. “I’m… very heat-resistant.”
“I… Don’t worry about it, Cas,” Dean says, and claps him on his shoulders. Dean makes a sound that’s between a laugh and a huff, trying to defuse the situation. “I wasn’t upset or anything.”
that. Cas, what the fuck?”
“Yup,” Dean replies, and that’s that. “What ‘bout you? How’re things with Eileen?”
fucking piece of shit that comes up in our lives. Why, ‘cause you didn’t trust me? ‘Cause you didn’t trust
“What am I supposed to do now?” Castiel hears himself ask.
Well, that wasn’t so bad. Everyone got off that pretty happy, and hey, Dean’s pretty proud.
hovering over them as they stand there like dumbasses without being able to look each other in the eyes for some reason.
it’s not your problem anymore,” Castiel repeats. Did Sam not hear him the first time?
He would be lying if he said he isn’t sad to see Heaven close up, probably for the last time during his human lifespan. But, maybe before he understood properly, Heaven hasn’t been where he calls home.
He blinks up at the ceiling to concentrate on what might have woken him, but he doesn’t see or hear anything in the otherwise silent bunker. It’s still dark.
Dean sighs, and mumbles something.
Which is a pretty nice abstract sentiment but also kind of a weird thought to have when put into actual words and Dean sheepishly lets go of Cas. Cas doesn’t seem to mind though, so that’s a win. If anything, Cas looks pretty happy for the hug himself, his face glowing with the smile he wears. Dean smiles, too. He loves him.
“If you ever change your mind,” Cas said ever so softly, “about the jukebox or anything else, I promise I’ll come with you.”
He makes it sound so simple.
“You will?”
That’s all he needs.
dream about kissing Cas.
When they go to the store together the next week, Dean brings a pack of jack-o-lantern shaped sugar cookies to Cas’s attention.
“But—”
“You’re more human than a lot of people I’ve met in my life.”
“I never get referred to as a harpy. Only a Half. The only exceptions are my closest kin, who don’t think of me as human at all.”
“Basically.” Summer sob-sighs. “They’re just… They’re dead.”
is a luxury.
Castiel bristles in his seat, because he’s right. Dean sniffles, and rubs his cheek while he thinks about what to say. Castiel waits.
Cas laughs, the sound going straight to warm Dean’s heart. “Did you succeed?”
“Fuck,” Dean mutters. “Whatever, man. I gotta learn to lighten up, I guess.”
assignments I’ve had to do so far relate back to the course material at all, and there are so many
Is he honestly getting the Talk from Cas’s family member? It’d be a bit more daunting if it didn’t literally have anything to do with him at all. But, he supposes not all of them are dicks to Cas if she cares about him this much. “You don’t want to see Cas before you go?”
“Dean was especially stubborn about getting you back.”
“What?”
“I have never been more glad to be in a dude’s apartment than I am now,” she says tearfully, and Dean snorts, directing her to the couch. She gladly takes the offer, and snuggles up against the blanket that’s already bunched up on top of it. Dean makes them both a cup of hot chocolate while she boots up her laptop, making cooing noises at it all the while.
, Dean had said. Castiel knew then, but maybe he just didn’t have the words to clearly define it. Maybe he still doesn’t. He doesn’t know. What he
“And?”
“For being kind and wonderful to me.”
“I’m right here.”
Dean glances at Castiel, and Castiel tenses for a second as he recalls their previous conversation. Dean doesn’t mention it, instead nudging him to show him a book that belongs in more than one category and consulting him about it. Dean ends up tossing the book back into the pile for someone else to deal with later. He catches Castiel’s raised eyebrow, and grins like it’s the funniest joke he’s ever told. The air between them eases a little bit, and it’s almost like they’re back to themselves.
“Do you want me to help you look for a place?”
Anyway, it
Castiel blinks and refocuses his sight to find Dean worryingly looking at him. The man has green eyes, just like the forest Castiel saw on his way to this city. Lush and full of life.
Dean nods, slowly, once, twice, and swallows. “Yeah.”
“Hello.”
So glad that he forgets what Dean said about having company, and finds himself confronted by a red-hair woman as soon as he steps into the room.
Dean stayed like that, frozen with Cas’s palm warm against his cheek.
Dean leans off the kitchen doorway and walks closer to Cas. He doesn’t know where this courage to accept this is coming from but it’s strong enough to cover up any fears he might have and the next thing he knows, he’s standing right there in front of him. His blue eyes reflect their white kitchen light and he’s beautiful. It dawns on him as quietly as a sunrise breaking through the midst of the night with all these unnamed feelings suddenly summarized into one word. It dawns on him that he’s realized that he’s really, truly in love with Cas while he stood here and watched him wrap cold leftover pizza. Typical.
“You just said that this case wasn’t our thing.” Castiel grips his temples with his eyes shut. There’s a sharp pain that dulls almost immediately.
They stare at each other, and Dean puts his hands up. “Go ahead.”
“What does ‘doing Halloween’ involve, exactly?”
Castiel nods in agreement. He’s glad he came. “I’m glad, too.”
“Hello,” the man replies.
“That’s what I said!” Dean says, clearly still upset about the conversation himself. “But apparently Bobby figured more people means more clutter.” Dean stabs the frying pan with his flipper with more force than necessary. “Anyway, if that was your plan for the day, wanna hang back with me instead? What do you say we hit the beer-and-bacon a mile from here, huh?”
Castiel blinks up. “For what?”
Dean shifts in his chair, breaking their eye contact, and he leans in to fidget with the handle of his mug. “Alright. Was just wondering.”
Cas holds his secret for one, two agonizing seconds before he blurts, “I volunteered as a contributor to the auction.”
coming off as the skeevy roommate and it’s all gone to shit.
“Hello.” Castiel sits down, and looks around the balcony. This exact spot, this exact place—something about all of this is familiar, and it’s the strangest feeling. Almost like he’s lived this moment before. There’s a waitress walking up to them, and she looks familiar, too. He shares this observation with Dean, who says it’s probably déjà vu.
A good Halloween overall.
“Should I…” Dean experimentally digs his fingers upwards into Cas’s right wing, watching with fascination as his fingers disappear into the feathers. Cas stiffens for a split second before he relaxes with a big breath. “You okay?”
Spring cocked their head thoughtfully. Even personifications of a concept had thoughts, sometimes. “How about ‘Castiel’?”
“The last time we talked, we didn’t part well.”
“What happened?” Castiel asks, and finds that the short sprint has him out of breath.
Castiel takes a deep breath. The phone stops buzzing, and a new message pops up to tell him that he has a voice mail. What if they’re hurt? What if they need him? What if this is his last chance?
“What will you do now?”
“Dean,” Castiel whispers. His voice cracks. There’s a needle in his arm and a familiar pain above it.
Cas forgot his cowboy hat back at Charlie’s place, and he’s loosened the red scarf around his neck a long time ago. He has it tied onto his belt where he rests one of his hand as they walk back. “It was… enjoyable,” he replies with a nod.
Castiel’s voice is calm when he speaks. “No, it’s alright. Thank you, Dean.” He doesn’t look at him in the eyes. Just in case it shows. Just in case.
That he isn’t good enough, that Castiel would want him as anything other than exactly as himself, as if that sort of thought is something he could even entertain.
He plays with the label on the beer bottle, flicking at the edge where the glue has peeled off. There’s a lead weight lodged in between his lungs as he thinks about going back to Heaven at all. It’s his home—his family. Isn’t it where he really belongs?
They’re shrouded in the dark cold night with nothing but the stars to accompany them, and a single moth that buzzes around the light over the bunker’s door.
Castiel nods, and takes one final sip of his coffee. It gets rid of the sour taste that’s developed in his mouth from this conversation.
“Sure. If he says no, I’ll buy you a birthday drink.”
Castiel shrugs. He eyes Sam’s computer screen, which has a variety of radars pinging every few seconds. They have maps of America scattered across the table. “Do you need help with anything?”
“Well, what about you?” Dean shoots back. “What do you want?”
wanted. There are still bigger things at stake. There are always bigger things at stake than Castiel’s want for Dean Winchester.
“Are you… I know you said not to take them out when you’re here, but I just…” Cas’s wings visibly huddle tighter behind him. “I thought you went back to your room,” he repeats.
“It is.”
Castiel jerks out of his seat. His chair clatters.
“No, but—” Dean grunts as he tries to reach higher than his own height. “You’re such a nerd.”
Dean complies.
Dean’s hand rests on top of Castiel’s on the drive back home, his grace held in his other. He knows, without a doubt, that he’s made the right choice.
Dean shifts closer, his eyes half-lidded and his smile wide and lazy. “Hey, Cas.”
Castiel stands up. “I’m going to work on the case.”
” before he clocks out for the night. It’s not exactly an insect, but close enough.
“Did… I say something wrong?”
“Yeah,” Dean replies, still kinda clueless about where this is going. “So?”
“Cas, we need you.” The familiar words strike him with each heartbeat. Dean’s grip on Castiel’s sleeve tightens. His hands are not covered in blood. “I need you.”
Castiel smiles back weakly. He should be happy. He
Their waitress bids them goodbye, her bright green eyes crinkled with her smile.
Cas thinks this over. “And when you’re not a child?”
Cas beams in front of him, candlelight dancing in his eyes. “I believe it’s customary to make a wish.” He holds the cake up.
Castiel looks at Dean, incredulous that Dean would even care about the reason, that he needs a reason at all. “I want to look at them again.”
“It’s been forever, Cas!” Dean pats his back with a carefree grin, all teeth and the sides of his eyes crinkled. His smile is infectious, and Castiel smiles back. It really has been far too long.
“I won’t,” Castiel replies. “We need to talk. I—” Castiel closes his eyes.
He eyes the photo beside Dean, the empty frame with no one inside.
“Sam doesn’t know about this place yet. Actually, you’re the first person in here so hey, welcome to the uh… the Cave. Dean Cave? I still have to work on the name.”
“Dean,” Castiel says, and when Dean looks up, he sneaks in a kiss. It’s nothing more than a quick pressing of lips together, but it’s enough to melt the look away. “Help me draw the sigils?”
“Okay. Sam’s found me and him a case, so I’m gonna go ahead with that. But, uh…” Dean smiles sheepishly. “What do you say we grab lunch later, huh? That café you thought I’d like, with the apple pie crepes.”
him mine, Charlie. Nothing else to it.” “It’d be more convincing if it came from someone who didn’t have the
Confetti cannons go off from all sides.
“I’m fine, Dean.”
They raid Heaven.
“We literally hunt monsters, Cas," Dean says, more firmly than he means for it to sound. “We make sure people don’t
Not mentioning what happened before leaves a bitter taste in Castiel’s mouth, but he’s sure he’ll be fine with it in due time. Just like Dean seems to be.
“They’re important to you,” she says.
It’s movie night, after all.
He can feel Dean’s nose pressed into the back of his neck, and Castiel turns carefully to watch him for a while. Dean rises and falls steadily, warm and snug as he sleeps. Castiel shifts in their bed, and Dean shifts in response, his head rolling onto the pillow. Dean breathes in deeply and lets out a satisfied sigh. His green eyes flutter open to meet Castiel’s, and his mouth quirks up. Dean hums, and playfully slides his fingers under Castiel’s hand that’s resting between them. He turns his palm up, and lightly drums at Castiel's fingers.
It’s then that Castiel notices someone stuttering in their steps behind them. It's Dean, looking like he’s been caught in the headlights. He's too far away to hear anything about their conversation, but he smiles apologetically and makes vague pointing gesture before he turns away to leave them alone. Hannah turns around to see who Castiel’s looking at, and a sort of understanding dawns for her.
The man shrugs, and puts the magazine away. His focus is entirely on Dean now. “Home.”
. He’s definitely not dreaming.
“Where is it now?”
“Dean.”
Dean looks at Castiel, and then looks into the sky. The sun’s almost completely gone, the night chill quickly settling in. They still keep each other warm. “I got caught once, you know.”
“With… this.” There’s a sour taste at the back of his throat. “I’m starting to learn that the nature of my intention really doesn’t matter in the big scheme of things.”
The corner of Cas’s lips twitch up.
Dean perks up.
liar.”
Dean gathers his hands together, and points all of his fingers at Cas. “Look,” he says, willing patience into existence. “Like I said, intentions matter. Making things official, you know, that sort of deal. Doesn’t us living together prove that?”
“I wanted a shower. It’s been a few days.”
He pats himself dry, even though a musky, wet smell still follows him out of the shower. He sniffs himself, and comes to the conclusion that the distinctive smell must be from the shower itself. When he reaches the laundry, his clothes have been cleaned thoroughly with no odd stains here and there.
“No, that’s not it,” he continues, fixing his eyes to the wall in front of him. “I don’t care that I’m a Half. At least.. I don’t think I do.”
A faint continuous buzzing in his pocket rips him away from these thoughts, and for one hope-filled second, he thinks it’s Dean. It’s traitorous against his own will to think it, but the heart wants what it wants.
Castiel smiles. “I’ve heard of that. It’s a game, right?”
“Sam.”
“Marvel,
“Then what’s the point?”
“Of course not,” Castiel says, horrified. “Why would you think that?”
She has a point. Around the same time last year, Dean thought freezing to death in his room half-delirious from staying up the night to finish his report was how he was going to go. He shrugs. “Maybe ‘cause I have a smaller place now?”
Sam has more than enough strength to snatch his hand away, but he doesn’t. Much to Castiel’s relief, Sam stills. “What?”
“Well,” Cas says quietly, “they’re doing it to themselves, aren’t they?”
“But I hate being called a Half. Harpies always refer to themselves as ‘harpies’, you know.” That seems reasonable enough. “Except when they’re talking about…”
“Anyway, I just need you to taste it,” Balthazar says with an easy shrug. “Let me know how it is.”
“So? What’s that got anything to do with those books?”
What if Cas never comes back?
He knows what it is, now.
“Get some rest, alright?”
“You look good,” he manages. Should’ve just put Cas in a potato sack instead of,
Their footsteps echo in the hallway. The door to his room opens with a loud click. It’s the same room as the night before, though he really doesn’t need the bed or the space. When he tells Dean this, Dean scoffs.
Dean steps forward, and hesitantly reach out to settle his hands on his hips. When he realizes Castiel isn’t stepping away, the hands firmly stay. They’re slotted together and it feels like the easiest, most natural thing that’s happened to Castiel.
The water laps against its rocky shoreline as loons call for each other in the distance. Castiel watches the clouds overhead that have sucked in all the colour of the sunset as they lazily float away. He sits and leans against a tree that looks over the lake.
It nods.
And he was sure, as they kissed again, that the universe had nothing to do with it at all, but it’d been just them all along.
, “and uh, yeah, bye.”
Summer nods sadly. “Coffee plants are suffering.”
“How long?” Dean asks harshly. “How long have you been
Later that night, Dean sees a spider weaving a web in the corner of his apartment, and usually he’d just squish them, but sue him, he’s grown a soft spot for them all, so he lets it climb onto a piece of paper and frees it outside.
Castiel would love to.
Dean abruptly gets up from his seat before Castiel can get in another word, and leaves. He should go after him, but he finds himself frozen in the seat, staring at the empty space Dean left behind. Sam, Charlie, and Eileen all glance at each other, and by some sort of telepathy that only exists between them, Charlie goes after Dean while Sam and Eileen stay behind.
Dean glances down at it, and his eyebrows settle into a frown. “No.”
Well. Dean feels stupid. Of
wanted a shower. And, to his relief, Cas hears the door opening as loudly as Dean could have possibly made it.
Lights off, of course. Dean tries not to be too obnoxious in his popcorn chewing, and anyway, he’s sure nothing can break Cas’s concentration now. His own eyes are glued onto the fascinating life of these little critters. Man, who knew insect life could be so complex?
Charlie smiles knowingly and Dean lets out a frustrated grunt. “Look, I’m just worried, alright? What if he’s dealing with something by himself and he’s not telling me about it?”
An amused quirk settles on Cas’s lips. “It’s akin to taking a bath and I doubt you’d want to be around for that.”
“Go back to sleep,” Dean gently commands. Castiel shakes his head. “Why not?”
A sliver of hope. “Oh?”
Cas blinks, and his carefully guarded expression softens. “Dean, that’s not your fault.”
Castiel closes his eyes. The words sink like stones into the otherwise calm surface of a lake. “How do you deal with it?”
Hannah glances at Dean and Sam standing beside Castiel, and nods. “Goodbye, Castiel.”
Castiel blinks.
Cas squints at him. “So… I’m the grapefruit.”
God. Not the time for that.
It’s good that he waited until after Cas is done pouring hot water into his mug, because he’s staring at him like Dean just asked him to marry him.
Sam raises his eyebrows, but doesn’t push him. “Okay,” he shrugs. “Just make sure to come back inside soon, alright?”
Cas doesn’t jump—Dean’s gotta give him credit for that. “Dean. I thought you’d be in bed.” He clears his throat, even though it’s so obvious that he’s been scared shitless. “What are you doing here?”
They’re friends. What does he have to be so secretive about that he can’t tell Dean about it? Normally he’d be sure that Cas would tell him if he asked but who’s to say that Cas might lie about
“Great.” Sam regards Castiel, and his pile of documents, and hums. “You wanna join me? Take a break from all this?”
She assesses this and shakes her head. “I still want to hear it from you. I have that much right, Castiel.”
He works himself up a sweat moving up and down on his knees—he’s
It’s an uneasy feeling that starts from the stomach and grows up to their chest to bloom in their throat and chokes them. Dean realizes that they hated being lonely and they hate it even more now that they know what it’s like to be in Cas’s company. For centuries they had never broken their promise to each other and now one day, Cas just…
leave me.” It grips its chest. “We can be happy together. You’ll never be happy without me. Not out there—not with them. I can give you anything you ask for. They can’t give you what you want.”
Cas smiles with a nod. “Good night, Dean.”
Cas is warm, so Dean opts to stay with his head resting against his shoulder, and his arm almost touching Cas’s. He thinks he mumbles something about what sort of scarf Cas would like, and falls back asleep.
“This is why I died, Castiel?” she asks. “What you sacrificed my life for? So you can enjoy paradise in your head?”
“I know,” Dean says slowly, and slides the document file out of his grasp. “Sam and I are heading out for a case.” Dean pauses. “Do you wanna join us?”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas slides his bag off. “What is this?”
Castiel lets this sink in. Meanwhile, another insight. “And you healed me.”
Click. “Hello?”
“Not anymore,” Cas replies dryly.
He knows that. Dean was the one to teach him it all those years ago, again and again. And it was through these years that he’s also learned that there are right and wrong choices, and Castiel has never been the one to make the right ones. Not when it mattered.
, Cas.”
Castiel finds that he can’t really answer. He doesn’t know if it’s morning or night right now. “What do you want?” he repeats.
“Well hey, thanks for the hug.”
“But that was very nice of you.”
Sam pats him on the back. “Good luck.”
“Something’s
It feels familiar. It can’t be his room. It’s where he belongs. He takes a step towards the door.
“I’m offering a detailed account of an event of the bidder’s choosing. A behind-the-scenes, if you will.”
“Uh. Well, depends, I guess. You eat dinner together, make small talks, get to know each other—”
,” Dean argues. “You have that exact look on your face every time you lie.” Then it clicks. Why it bugs him so much, why it sours his stomach every time Cas tiptoes around the subject. “Cas, it’s
Dean swears that Cas
Dean amusedly watches people that complain about slushy snow by the sidewalk, and turns away only to almost collide in a headbutt with Summer standing
, Cas’s reply saying that he’s all done with molting already and has cleaned up. Damn, that didn’t take very long, huh?
Dean grins in response, and leaves.
“Ready for a taste of Halloween?” Dean smiles, and Cas nods. “Okay, then. Let’s go.”
Cas was so god damn close to his face that Dean could practically count every one of his eyelashes. “Mm?”
Finally, Dean calls out a, “Hey,” and the man’s eyes widen at being directly addressed. Even with their distance apart, Dean can see all the blues of the sky trapped in the man’s eyes. The man tentatively takes his hands out of his coat pockets.
“It was gone by the time I found it. Maybe it was a protection sigil of some sort, though I’m not sure why Bobby would try to clean it up if it was.”
“So what was this Marvel Cesar was talking about?” Cas asks.
Dean liked how their name sounded coming from Spring. They always liked how Spring said any of their names, but this one they chose for themselves and so they were
“You mean it?” he asks.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “You’re here too, aren’t you?”
Dean wrinkles his nose. “Wash your hands.”
all proud of himself, and the sight suddenly fills Dean up to the brim with so much love that he can’t even stay mad at Cas about it. Another thing that dawns on him quietly at the back of his mind is just how much work he’s seen Cas put into arranging everything. All that work and it was all for Dean.
“You’re not serious, are you?”
Castiel shifts his weight on his feet. Dean’s smile falls, and he stares at Castiel now, his shoulders sagged.
He can’t wait to share every one of Cas’s obsessions with him together from here on, too.
“Aw, you love us,” Dean says.
Dean huffs with anger, but it dies as they realize that Summer isn’t lying. Cas lets go of their arm when Dean relaxes. “This is more of that climate change bullshit from the humans, isn’t it?”
“Balthazar,” Cas hisses, but Balthazar doesn’t bat an eye.
He tugs at the tie a bit. He doesn’t remember how loose he used to have it, but he thinks it feels tighter. Castiel heads out the door, loosening the tie around his neck.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “Of course I love you, man.”
Winter stopped emotionally investing in living things that could die after that, and waited for something else to come along. Even if they were an eternal being, making snowflakes all day for thousands of years got old eventually.
For the first time since he’s arrived here, Castiel smiles.
So Dean digs into the pancakes albeit still a bit bemused that this is all happening, and Cas is right there with him, smiling and eating chocolate chip pancakes with a dollop of syrup and it’s just… yeah. It’s nice.
“Cas?” Dean calls.
“About that,” Dean says carefully, almost like he’s broaching a sensitive topic. “Sam and I’ve been sort of keeping tabs on it. Nothing too big. Just making sure nobody else is turning up dead.”
Cas huffs as he relaxes his wings down again, and rolls his shoulders with a crane of his neck. “It was still nice to have their company,” he says graciously.
“Stop dying for me,” Dean continues, as Cas leans in for another kiss— “I’m serious, Cas.”
The man almost drops his phone, but his face is controlled calm when he hangs up and turns to face Dean.
“Cas.”
Dean throws a grin at Bobby, and gives Miracle a big fat kiss on the forehead. He ruffles her face between his palms and gives her another big fat kiss. He’s so glad she’s here.
Dean hears the
“I just… want you to know that I’m glad you’re still with us,” he says firmly. “Nothing is worth losing you.”
with the rest of his limbs.
Dean bites his lips, and tries again. “Okay, look, what I’m saying is. You’re not an orange or a pomelo. You’re not—a ‘forbidden fruit’ either,” he air-quotes. “You’re a grapefruit. You’re, you know, Castiel. Cas.” Dean bumps Cas’s knees with his own.
Dean pins him in place with his eyes. “You alright?”
,” Castiel says. “There’s so much that I don’t… With this case, with—everything, it’s been mistakes after mistakes, and right now, all I know is that I—”
“Hey man!” Charlie gets up to hug him too. “Thanks for this. Jo and I are super grateful.”
They sit down on the floor since the couch is too small to accompany Cas’s wings while he’s sitting up. Dean thinks about suggesting Cas to lie down but thinks better on it. Now that he actually has Cas’s wings sitting in front of him, he’s not sure where to start.
Valentine's Day special
Okay, that’s a weird way of putting it, so Dean’s never going to think of it like that again.
Castiel blinks. “It’s your home.”
Dean stares down at his piece of cake. “
“Well?”
“Yeah, I could smell your stink from my room,” Dean quips. Castiel sends him an unappreciative glare, Dean clears his throat, and it’s almost back to the way they used to be. “How’re you feeling?”
“Hey, hey, alright,” Dean says in what he hopes is a soothing voice against the warmth wrapped around him. Cas’s hair tickles the side of his face.
He almost wants to ask what Cas exactly takes him for—some skeevy roommate that goes around telling everyone about private things like that—but bites his tongue. Dude’s probably still embarrassed that Dean walked in on him like that, and he supposes it’s not exactly something you’d share to the rest of the class, no matter how much you actually trust them as a person. Well, it’s none of Dean’s business, anyway.
Any other day, Dean wouldn’t have stopped whistling to look at him so bluntly. But something about this man—maybe it’s the long tan coat that Dean sees from the corner of his eyes, or the blue of the guy’s tie that Dean swears he’s seen somewhere before—keeps Dean from going into his car.
There’s another woman in the kitchen, and Castiel glances back between her and Charlie with a smile. “And you, too. I—”
The groundhog sniffs the air and goes about its groundhog business. Dean leaves the scene hoping to the laws of the universe that the groundhog knew what it was talking about.
Dean stares at the door as it clicks shut. He’s gotten few texts in the group chat on how he should bring Cas for the next club event. He rolls over in his bed.
Castiel decides that he dislikes showers.
“Dean?”
“I said, do you have any plans for today?”
That son of a bitch.
A startled smile settles on Cas’s face, and Dean mirrors it.
“Oh. Uhh.” What does Dean even say at this point. “Okay.”
“But I don’t
Dean takes one last sip of the shitty beer in hand, and smacks his lips. The car door opens with a pleasant creak, and Miracle is there, waiting for him.
for a while, and Dean thinks about asking Sam if he thinks a scarf is an okay gift for your roommate. He’ll just say that it’s a really,
Once again Castiel feels… upset. He didn’t choose to come here. He didn’t choose to stand in this unfamiliar apartment with a stranger who knows nothing about him, and he just wants to go back home.
Well. There
The worried lines on Dean’s forehead smoothens out. “Hey, Cas. Good to have you back.”
Castiel pauses. It isn’t what he expects to hear. He lets out a huff to deflate himself. “Dean, you don’t mean that.”
The next time Castiel wakes up, it’s quieter. He groggily opens his eyes, and lets out a deep breath.
“What?” Dean sits up straighter, and into Castiel’s space. The warmth of his shoulder leaves, but his face is so close now. If Castiel leans a little more to his left, their lips would touch. “Cas, of course I mean it. I want you to stay with us. There’s nothing I’d want more.”
“Cas. Buddy. Pal.” Dean pats him on the shoulder. “That is
Dean nudges his shoulder, and Castiel blinks up at him. When did Dean stand up? “Hey,” Dean says quietly. “Ready to go back?”
“Yeah,
Castiel, meanwhile, face-plants onto his bed and lets out a long, quiet groan of frustration into his pillow, the sensation of Dean’s touches still ghosting over his wings.
world would I have guessed that
“I just mean—Nevermind.” Dean leans against Cas’s chair. “Any takers?”
Sam blinks. “Do you even hear yourself? We’re saying this isn’t your fault. You couldn’t have possibly known what Metatron was planning.”
The bunker is nice and orderly, just as he remembers. It’s big and spacious, warm and welcoming under the soft orange lights. The thundering sound of the metal steps after it bears the weight of their feet is familiar, as are the big white pillars that keep this place from collapsing. Castiel may not have many memories here, but it’s the place he’s most familiar with aside from Heaven. It’s a place where Dean and Sam can finally stay. It’s their home.
Cas’s jaw clenches like he wants to say something, but his shoulders slump in defeat. “Have a safe flight back.”
Cas stops mid-motion and gives him a pointed look.
Dean swallows, and nods.
“Huh.” And because Dean’s a fucking weirdo, he finds himself asking, “Have we met before?”
“Dean—”
“Yup. I think it’s done.” Dean licks some sauce off his fingers. “Can you grab the cheese?”
Just then, he hears the unmistakable sound of the key unlocking the door and Dean is wide awake again. Cas quietly closes the door behind him with a click and his coat shuffles as he takes his shoes off.
He feels Cas’s eyes follow him as he disappears into the kitchen and into the cupboard where their can of hot chocolate mix is. Where their
Unfortunately, most of them refuse to see it.
He can relate—it wouldn’t be the first time a college student had a dick landlord. “Dude, that
Cas walks out from between Jo and Ash with a huge grin and a wobbly looking birthday cake that’s definitely homemade with icing on top that reads
Tick.
“Huh. Cool.” Dean gestures at the screen. “What’re you bidding on?”
laughing at him—and Dean almost snorts a bite of pizza up his nose from trying to hold his laugh in. Sam thumps him on his back while Eileen holds onto Sam’s arm, gasping for breath.
“This is the start of your downfall, Metatron,” Castiel echoes. He raises his chin and looks down at him, thinking of the white room and being helpless as Metatron tore his grace out. Not anymore. “I hope you live it to the fullest.”
They walk to the cafeteria together and catch up. It’s always cool to find someone else from his high school here even if she’s a friend’s friend and they’re not close enough to be more than acquaintances. It’s sort of nice to be reminded of home as long as he doesn’t have to go back to high school ever again.
He doesn’t. He doesn’t know what he expected out of this case, but it’s not this anticlimactic ending where he feels even more lost than when he began.
Castiel feels exhaustion cloaking him then, and he follows Dean’s lead, wondering if he’s imagined the abrupt ending of that conversation. He watches Dean for anything that seems out of place, but Dean is only happy to show Castiel which room he should use and making sure Castiel is comfortable before he retires to his own room for the night.
Dean clenches his jaw. “Does it matter? I’ve given you everything you asked for, every single time. Why do you obsess over things that mean so
has a queer couple in it. Good for them.
The man opens his mouth, thinks better of it, and shakes his head.  It’s odd—Dean’s almost disappointed that the answer is a no. What did he exactly think was going to happen?
He’s still not really sure what’s up with the whole dejected puppy look Cas is wearing, but he’s not going to back down on this since he’s gotta have a line he can’t cross, and this has to be it. It’s enough that the image of Cas’s bare back is now seared into the back of his retinas for the rest of his life, and honestly, if Dean comes back home one day to find Cas in the living room like, uh… Yeah, that’s just weird.
“Cas, anywhere on the windows is fine,” Dean says for the hundredth time.
Dean helps him up, and kisses him pressed against the car, slow and steady and sweet. Castiel relishes the moment, and finds Dean smiling. He finds that he’s smiling, too.
He remembers them.
Charlie smiles. “Sounds good.”
His hand shoots up to his collar. It’s not wet and sticky from blood. “I can do it myself,” he says.
“What?”
“Okay,” Castiel replies. “Okay. And I got your back.”
Dean nods and squeezes his eyes shut. He blows all the candles in one go as they all cheer and someone turns the lights back on. There’s a table of finger foods in their living room with a place in the middle for cake and pizza, and everybody settles down and grabs a piece while they wait for Charlie and Jesse to set up the game of the night.
Well, there’s no rush figuring that out. It’s not like Cas is going anywhere for a while anyway, not until he’s graduated which won’t be for years (and Dean’s not thinking about what Cas is going to do after that, not now when Dean’s so comfortable snuggled up against him like this).
Dean mumbles something in reply, and then they’re too far for him to hear.
he? He could barely patch things up when he had all the powers in the world. If he fucks up as a human, how could he ever amend for his mistakes?
Castiel isn’t prepared for the anger, but it’s something he knows. “You had your hands full with Sam,” he snaps.
Bobby smiles knowingly.
Cas pauses with his cup halfway up to his lips, and he slowly brings it down. He smiles fondly, and god, it’s so much, but Dean’s glad he practiced thousands of times before this, and in thousands of different ways before this.
“It might still be there,” replied Cas anyway, ever the optimist.
“Was that alright?” Cas asks, almost hesitantly. “It was supposed to be movie night, and…”
Dean nudges his shoulder, and Castiel looks away. He blinks. “Hey,” Dean says quietly. “Ready to go back?”
anything. We simple
that look. It’s the same damn look every time, with his eyes wide enough for his blue iris to be showered with light and practically making them sparkle while the rest of his face grows comically stiff. It’s not a look one could miss easily once they know what they’re looking for.
He heaves a deep breath, drenched in sweat. There’s faint familiar pain on his right arm—a ghost of what was once there. His entire body is otherwise numb from the lack of movement, and his brain rolls in place like he’s been turned upside down for too long. He twitches a finger, and taps it against the bed experimentally. He flexes his hand. He’s here.
Castiel gathers up the case files that have been scattered all across the floor. He picks up a photo, and frowns in confusion. It’s definitely a photo, but there’s no one in it—only a white background. He flips it, but there’s nothing on the other side either. Strange. He hasn’t seen this photo before, and he’s been working on this case for as long as he can remember.
“Besides, if I was really psychic, we would’ve found the gate to Heaven by now.”
a jukebox. We already got a record player and Sam’s shitty ass iPod speakers.”
“Are you doing anything tomorrow?”
“You wouldn’t be bothering me or anything,” Dean says quickly.
Cas shakes his head.
Apparently not.
“Good to be back,” Castiel murmurs. He wants to get up, but finds that he can’t move. His body is a limp mass that weighs him down. He’s cold. He’s hot. He’s all of those things. “Am I dying?”
“I would’ve cooked something else,” Cas says as he joins Dean on the couch, their shoulders knocking against each other, “but I didn’t want to push my luck after the cake and pancakes this morning.”
wished for, when everything in your dream was
Castiel nods even though she can’t see him doing it. “Okay,” he replies quietly.
“Dude, you’re the one that’s been watching it for the past who knows how long.”
“Maybe,” Castiel says reluctantly, letting himself be persuaded further. “A break
He nods. He knows what he’s here for. Right now, there’s nowhere else he’d rather be. “I understand.”
“I thought,” Castiel starts, and the words stick in his throat. “I thought I could help, even just a little bit. I screwed up so much, and I just… thought I could at least manage this. But seeing all those angels, every one of them here because of me, I—”
They put down a slice of pizza and a bottle of beer in front of him out of courtesy. He doesn’t eat the pizza, but he takes mindful sips of his beer to show that he appreciates the sentiment. Mostly, Castiel sits back and watches the brothers as they laugh over a joke he doesn’t understand.
Dean freezes at his spot.
Dean belatedly realizes that he’s trembling, not from talking to the man, but from seeing him walk away.
of them?”
For what feels like in a long time, Castiel talks. He tries not to mutter the parts that he’s especially not proud of, and he tells her everything. Muriel listens without interrupting him—without ever showing her judgement—with her hands folded in her laps as her stare bores into him. He stares at the wall slightly to her left ear to make it easier to talk, retelling what Metatron offered, that it felt like the best—the only—option at the time, how he didn’t know. It doesn’t matter now, but he truly didn’t
“Oh,” Dean smiles back thinly, “of course.”
He sips at it gratefully, and makes his way to the kitchen where the smell of breakfast waits for him. Dean is there, something sizzling on the stove in front of him as he greets him with a smile.
“I can, if that’s what you want.”
Castiel jolts awake.
At least Dean’s made a cup of god damn delicious hot chocolate.
Later, Dean is purposefully staring at the sizzling chicken breast in the pan when Cas stalks into the kitchen. Cas eyes the pan with a tight expression (seriously, what’s the guy got against chicken?), then clears his throat. Dean glances over to Cas, and manages a smile. “Hey.”
much fun.”
“Change my mind? No,” Castiel replies, and commences with the spell he’s created. “Not about this.”
Dean helps to shake the snow off the top of Charlie’s bobble hat. She gives a full-body shiver in return, her nose red and her cheeks icy cold.
“Dinner?”
“C’mon,” Sam says. “You’ll get a chance to see that again soon.”
the same.” Dean pauses, as if it physically pains him to say it out loud. “Except
His family.
harpies—don’t live with each other unless they mate for life.”
The man gets out of his truck, with his ugly as fuck trench coat that Dean’s always told him to change out of, and his dishevelled hair that Dean loves running his fingers through, and his endless blue eyes that Dean couldn’t possibly live without anymore, and as Dean grins and gives a simple wave, the man’s worried face clear up with his bright familiar grin.
“Yes and no,” Cas replies patiently. “My mother is harpy. My father is human.”
Dean shrugs. “Dude, who cares? We say that we’re not in that sort of relationship, end of discussion. Right?”
“How are any of these people’s stories related to each other?” Dean asks again.
“Cas?” Dean whispers.
“What are you doing?”
“Are you hurt?”
“Oh, Dean. True happiness?”
“Maybe you’re just overthinking it.”
It shouldn’t be awkward to bring it up, but it definitely feels awkward. “Do you know what Valentine’s is for?” Dean asks.
“The library.”
Cas rolls his eyes good-naturedly with a smile. “You ask after I’m done.”
“Oh.” Dean’s chuckle reverberates through the phone, and down to the flutter in Castiel’s stomach. It warms up the cold room. “Guess it slipped my mind. Are you free right now?”
“No, of course not.”
“Sam?” Dean echoes. “I told you he won’t be home for another few days ‘cause he’s keeping a tab on that case, remember?”
Dean blinks. Well, that was a response. “A massage. For your wings.” Dean shifts his weight on his feet, slightly unnerved by Cas’s sudden upped intensity. “I feel bad, y’know? My fault you couldn’t stretch them out.”
When they finish breakfast, Castiel slips into the library. They never throw out a case file, so it must be here somewhere. Castiel scouts the area, and the pungent smell follows him. Dean and Sam’s laughter echoes from somewhere in the bunker, and Castiel wrinkles his nose. He takes a deep breath to focus back on the task at hand.
Dean looks doubtful, but he hears Castiel’s request to drop it. “It—told me what you wished for.”
Dean’s taut shoulders don’t relax, and Castiel feels prickles along his skin as he goes back to hiding in his room.
“Jesse and Cesar both came down with the flu,” Charlie says as she leads Dean away from the door. “Jo’s working so she couldn’t come tonight anyway and Ash forgot there’s a project due so he’s working on that.”
“Dean wouldn’t be Dean if he wasn’t stubborn.”
“Grapefruits,” Dean blurts.
Dean lets out a huff in disbelief. “I should be the one asking you that.” He looks around the room, inviting Castiel to do the same. “So this is what you dream about? Being in the bunker…” Dean drops his gaze to the desk where books are scattered all over. “Reading?”
Its smile crumbles. Everything fades away, except for the poison in the shape of Dean Winchester. Castiel pushes the door with his shoulder.
Dean reaches over to pat him on the back. “Just, keep being you, Cas,” he offers. The clench in Cas’s jaw has loosened up. “No need to be anything else.”
Well, that explains the furious texting the past few days, he supposes. Why’s the guy so jumpy over a group project, anyway?
“Turned off all the lights, grabbed a flashlight and tried to lure it outside.”
Cas is there, drinking a cup of coffee. Dean’s not awake enough for this.
“There are more pressing issues at hand, Dean.”
Castiel also has a hard time ignoring the nagging feeling of urgency every time he thinks back to the case he should be working on. He knows it should be his priority, but he finds himself reaching for another book to sort when he thinks about it instead. At least sorting the books has its own set of rules. Instructions for him to follow.
. Wait ‘til you hear about Batman and the rest of DC, dude.”
“I never said you could get more than one!”
“it’s a holiday to celebrate love shared between people involved in a romantic relationship,” Cas says, looking straight at Dean. Geez.
expecting; he’s about ninety-three percent sure that Cas is joking right now, but suddenly he’s faced with the real possibility that Cas
“Morning,” Dean grins, straightening against the counter.
Not just because Cas has no shirt on.
It’s so easy to fall into bed with Dean, and so easy to lie there and watch Dean as they breathe together. Castiel is almost afraid to reach out and touch the side of Dean’s eyes that crinkle when he smiles softly like he’s doing right now, afraid that this is just another dream that’s been improved from his previous ones, but he knows it can’t be a dream when Dean kisses him again and again, so gently like Dean can’t believe this either and he’s checking to make sure every second they’re apart. Castiel’s eyes flutter shut, and he sighs into them, his heart so full that he’s overwhelmed and the only way to express it is to kiss Dean again. Dean takes it gladly, and it’s so much, it’s so
“…talked to me,” the man’s voice says from around the corner of the gas station. “No, he didn’t recognize me. The spell’s not supposed to wear off until he—” He pauses, probably to listen to the person on the other end of the phone call. “I’m not trying to force anything,” he continues, his back suddenly tense and angry. “
“Oh, yeah,” Dean nods. “Kinda want a ping-pong table in here somewhere.”
After 45 minutes, Dean feels like he’s learned more from the one episode than he has in his entire life. He stretches in his seat while Cas gets the light, and he almost looks sheepish when Dean turns to tell him something. He forgets his words, and instead asks, “What?”
Castiel tries shrugging, like he’s seen Dean do many times before when he has no clearer answer to offer. “It’s the same principle as how ghosts and poltergeists come from the same breed of monsters. Poltergeists are a subset, but still categorized as a ghost. Their motive might be similar, but their methods and—”
Cas nods. “Group project,” he says, and the epic eyeroll speaks for itself well enough that Dean doesn’t think to be suspicious about it.
Sam clears his throat.
Something about the way Cas looks at him shifts a little. A calm change slips over Cas’s flustered look he was wearing and it’s such a slight yet significant change that it takes Dean off guard enough for him to finally clam up and whatever words he was about to spout out, gone.
Sam watches as Castiel struggles to reply, and sighs. “Nevermind. I’ll just… I’ll let Muriel know that you want in.”
, and so on and so forth.
Dean’s done his best to not laugh so far, but that one takes the cake. “Alright,” he says, and pulls the textbook away from Cas. Cas closes his eyes with a sigh, and slumps against the chair. “Today’s another holiday, you know.”
is going on?” Dean asks angrily, jabbing their angry finger at Summer. “Where’s Cas?”
“My wings,” Cas frowns. “That…
“Yeah, but…” Dean swallows the strange lump that’s formed around his throat during Cas’s little pow-wow. “Alright, fine. Just… don’t share any overtly specific details, I guess.”
“Since when were you a dog person?” Bobby asks.
Now that Dean’s not running for his life, he smells the sweetness within the burnt smell of burning. “What are you…”
“Cas. Hey.” Dean waves a hand in front of his face. “C’mon, let’s go back.”
Wouldn’t have been a problem if only someone was here.
Homesick. “I’m fine.”
“What if—I don’t…” Castiel swallows. “Don’t leave,” he says meekly.
“I didn—the point is, you have to stop blaming yourself for something you didn’t even mean to do, and let us
“Oh. Holy crap, so you’re actually from the Saharas or something?”
“I didn’t know
Castiel groans. “What happened?”
“I had my windows open, right, and before I’m going to bed something swoops in. Turns out to be the biggest moth I’ve ever seen.”
“Yeah?” Dean says as nonchalantly as possible, his body betraying him all the while by sitting up straighter and giving him his full attention away from the TV. Damn it, it’s not like he’s
The door is slightly ajar.
“Dude, I didn’t get to sleep until two o’clock.” Dean doesn’t mention how freaked out he got every time he tried to gently grab it and it kept fluttering away. He didn’t want to hurt the little guy, that’s all. “I wish I could’ve grabbed a picture for you, but I didn’t wanna freak it out with the flash. I think it might’ve been a sphinx moth?”
Dean thinks about all those times mom took him and Sam out for trick-or-treating, going to haunted houses, handing candy out on nights he didn’t feel like going out, carving pumpkins, et cetera. He tells him about the time Sam tripped over his cape when he went as king Arthur one year. “He decided to go as a street magician the year after, and dumbass did the exact same thing with his cape. Don’t think he’s worn one with a cape since.”
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean says pointedly. “You can do whatever you want now.”
It’s a quiet night. There’s not much noise in the bunker, save for the occasional whirrs and clicks of the machines and spells working behind the walls to keep this place safe. He studies the details of some of the spells that are visible to his eyes, aware that his hand is slipping off the bottle and his eyelids are heavily drooping down when he’s startled by a gentle tap on his shoulder.
“By the way, shithead,” Dean says, and Sam makes an offended noise, “
It’s only been few minutes since Castiel saw him. “Are you alright?”
Almost like he’s one of his own.
“But I—”
Dean opens his mouth, and closes it again. “Cas, you—” Dean presses his lips together, his knuckles almost white from clenching his fists so tightly. He licks his lips.
“How is that possible?” he finally asks. “You’ve seen the photos. That couldn’t have been a human’s doing.”
Castiel wants to ask him many things. He doesn’t. He doesn’t ask why Sam always brought him the dinner that Dean had cooked, why it was always Sam and Kevin who came to be his occasional companions to talk to, why it was Sam who brought all of Dean’s TV and book recommendations to keep Castiel company while they busied themselves, why he hasn’t seen him since the day he woke up. Maybe Dean’s just too busy cleaning up the mess Castiel’s made. Maybe he’s just too busy cleaning up the mess he’s made,
And suddenly, staring at Dean’s earnest eyes, Castiel realizes. Or maybe, he’s known all along, and he’s just tired of the pretense. It’s always been about more than the case.
“That’s different.”
He sips at it gratefully, and makes his way to the kitchen where the smell of breakfast waits for him. Dean is there, something sizzling on the stove in front of him as he greets him with a smile.
There’s a pause at the other side of the phone. “And how are you?”
Dean nods. “Thanks,” he croaks.
Cas helped him to carry her over as Dean explained.
“You’re right,” Castiel says quietly.
“You can hand chocolate out, or it’s mostly going around in costume getting drunk.”
Cas’s face fell and along with it, Dean’s heart to his stomach. Why couldn’t Cas ever laugh these things off? Always so god damn sincere. “Dean, you’re still allowed to want things.”
Cas shrugs, and runs tired fingers through his hair. His wings are droopy on the floor as he slumps further into the chair. The fact that he can wax all that poetic crap about today is even more of a reason why it’s weird that Cas hasn’t enthused to him about Valentine’s day like he has with all the other holidays.
They exist in such a large room together, yet it’s only when he watches Cas’s ears grow pink that he notices how close he’s gravitated towards Cas during their conversation. “I tried ‘Castiel’ and ‘Cas’ but they weren’t available,” says Cas. “I even tried it the way Chuck spelled it—”
After making sure Cas checks the corn before he shucks it for the taking, and after halfway through shucking his third corn, Dean puts a finger to it. “Have you been looking stuff up on Halloween?”
God, he's such an
Dean thinks about it. There’s more to this, he knows. He slowly makes his way to the kitchen where Cas is effortlessly using the plastic wrap to wrap up some slices of pizza. He remembers when Cas first came across plastic wrap specifically and how unimpressed with it he was when it kept folding and sticking unto itself. Cas’s eyes are downcast and his eyelashes move up and down with each blink he takes, his long fingers gracefully and expertly wrapping pizzas with it now. He looks up to Dean and offers a small smile. “I thought you were heading to bed.”
Dean frowns.
Dean squeeze their arms tighter around Cas. “I—missed you too. What happened?” Dean frown at the suffocating air that surrounds Cas and tries to swat it away but it doesn’t do much. Dean shakes their hand in disgust at how it clings, and jumps in surprise when this creates a snowstorm they hadn’t meant to create. “The hell is this?”
Cas lets Dean cling onto him until Dean’s had his fill of clinging, and only when Dean stops leaking tears everywhere does Dean gently pry himself off. His muscles ache as he moves away, but he doesn’t care, because Cas still has that look on his face that used to make Dean want to jump out of the car and scream from being overwhelmed by what it is.
need more time, just uh, let me know.”
Dean blinked, and huffed even as his face grew hotter to match the shade of Cas’s lips. He nodded, hoping that his grin was as bright as Cas’s. “Yeah,” he said. “Yeah.”
“Dean.”
Castiel’s phone rings.
“Wait, hold on.” There’s a grain of rice stuck on Cas’s hair. “You’ve got a—”
What the fuck. What the fuck what the fuck—
“I told you, Dean,” Castiel says. “Because I found—”
. The case is a stalemate, and it’s leading him nowhere. He can’t shake off the feeling of restlessness that warns him that he shouldn’t be here. That he should be doing—something. Anything. He doesn’t know
“The fourteenth,” Cas replies, not taking his eyes off of his notes. “I’m never taking another computer course again.”
It’s a beautiful campus. There are trees everywhere and greens stretched out as far as one’s eyes can see with paths that winds around them. Birds sing under the bright summer sunlight.
She looks at him expectantly, and Dean stares back with a blank.
Within the sweet, clean scents of apples and crepes and coffee, there’s the faint smell akin to sewage again, the same wet rotting smell that’s been following him around. It must be drifting into the café from the streets. Dean doesn’t notice the smell. He looks content. The petals of the zinnias are too bright under the warm sunlight.
“Both.” Summer sniffles. “The Earth’s been grieving, too.”
Cas stiffens only for a second before he eagerly responds, and Dean feels Cas’s hand on his shoulder where he last left a bloody handprint. Cas takes all of Dean’s anger at him—he didn’t come to him sooner, he should’ve come to him
Plus, seeing how much it freaked Cas out, he also obviously thinks the very idea is as ridiculous as how ridiculous Dean thinks it is. So. There.
Castiel watches his sister at work while Dean gulps down the rest of his beer. She quietly makes sure to establish the man and the bartender together. She leaves without a single glance back at him. Maybe she didn’t notice him, or if she did, chose to ignore him and went about her ways. He’s not sure which idea he prefers.
“I know about these,” Cas replies.
But apparently the idea of it doesn’t sound as ridiculous for Dean, as he bitterly replies, “Oh, really? Tell me, then, why I’m not—” Dean bites back his words with a snarl. “What you could’ve
“Why are you so sure this is a case at all?”
,” they say, pointing at the atmosphere muddled with suffocation, “just to be told that we have to leave.”
It’s then that Dean realizes just how quiet and empty the apartment is. It’s not like this place is a mansion and it’s not like it’s usually bustling with activity around here, but the apartment practically feels abandoned without the one other person who
“Dude, it’s apple pie crepe. Not as good as actual pie, sure, but it’s practically the same thing. Why wouldn’t it be good?” Dean takes a big bite of his own and lets out an appreciative moan. “Fuck, so good.”
“You’re okay with that?” Cas asks, and it’s Dean’s turn to blink.
Dean pauses momentarily, the beer bottle raised halfway to his lips. He points the end of it towards Castiel. “See, this is what I mean. You’re letting it get to you.”
Summer starts to push Dean away and Dean struggles against it, rattling every window that wasn’t secured properly on their way. In the end, it’s time for them to go and Dean grits their teeth and kicks at the ground for good measures, giving it a good freeze in the process. They look over their shoulder just to check and make sure that Cas isn’t just around the corner, but only Summer and their disapproving looks stare back at them as they unthaw the grounds that Dean just froze up.
Dean rubs the back of his neck. This is so beyond his capabilities. But Cas stares at him like Dean's about to accuse him of something he’s not even guilty for, and god, this is still Cas. Nothing’s changed, except maybe now Dean got the light shone on something about Cas that's always been there this whole time.
Cas nods.
“But the victims’ wounds, they were…” Castiel tries to remember what they looked like, what their names were, what he thought might’ve caused it. He stands up, ignoring Dean’s calls after him, and walks to the war room where he left the photos.
“Okay,” Dean replies. “Uh, take your time with—whatever,” fuck, shut
“The polar bears. What are we going to do about them once all the ice caps are gone? And what about my permafrost? I kept some of the mammoths in there.” Dean paces back and forth while Cas warily watches. Cas, who’s still fading by days. “What about
“If you’re okay with this,” Cas starts with hesitation, and for a split, crazy panic-induced second, Dean thinks he’s going to ask him to join him next time or something, “is it alright with you if I let them out in the living room sometimes?”
Cas nods though he’s still a little stiff. “Yes.”
Dean sighs towards the ceiling, and tries the doorknob. No use. “At least come to the store with me.”
Dean physically jumps on the spot, his eyes immediately spotting him.
“Thank you, Dean.”
honest to
“Wha.”
finally together and reluctant to leave one another again so soon, those days with odd weathers like warm sunny afternoons that suddenly turns into a snowstorm and back into a warm night that melts the snow away.
. Maybe he’s just really avoiding him, because he wants nothing to do with him anymore now that he’s useless.
Sam smiles. “Don’t you have that case of yours to work on?”
Oh, no. Oh, god. Dean can’t even hide the fact that he’s tearing up with his arms hooked behind them like this. He laughs with disbelief and ducks his head with his eyes squeezed shut, unable to say anything with his throat closing up.
Hannah smiles back, hesitant. “I hope this doesn’t compromise the mission in any way.”
“Look, I’m sorry,” says Summer. “But I’ve been growing stronger because of that thing,” they say as they point at the suffocating air, “so I need to be here for longer.”
Bold of Cas to say something like that, the pinnacle of what Dean—
Dean huffs, turns away from the man’s direct gaze, and drives away from the highway stop.
grow a mullet in the future—that’s really up to you.” More snickering from where Dean sits. Castiel glares—half from not understanding why they’re all laughing at him and half because
It’s all it takes for all of Dean’s anger to crumble down. He looks like he wants to run away, so Castiel grips onto his shoulder tightly.
“Oh. Okay, then.”
“I just—noticed that you’ve been texting a lot lately.” This is really none of his business. If Cas doesn’t want to share with him, this isn’t something he should pry open. His mouth doesn’t stop talking. “I figured, maybe that’s why you don’t want me home so you can have some time alone with them.” He doesn’t even know what he’s implying here but whatever it is, he wants to stop talking now.
“Yep,” Bobby says with a swig of his beer. “Your boy Jack fixed things up around here.”
“The point is that it’s
He nods. “What do you want?”
It’s not a question. She nods an answer anyway. “Only after you let go.”
“Why are you here?”
Castiel doesn’t lead the angels back as Metatron expects. He leaves that to Hannah, who infiltrates Heaven under the guise of betraying Castiel while he plays the bait as the false leader to draw Metatron out.
“You need to water it down more if you want to try it,” Cas replies. “It’s too strong for you.”
Cas has really bright blue eyes. Dean never thought of himself as having a type before, but lately, he’s been developing a slight bias. “Sure.”
Dean pours everything he has into the hug. He buries his face into Cas’s neck with his eyes squeezed shut and his body rises with a breath, slumping against Cas as he breathes out. There are arms looping around Dean’s waist and Dean wants to melt into Cas until they’re conjoined like this forever.
Cas peers at him. “Dean?”
got here.”
.” Dean wants to take Cas away far from Earth to another planet where only they could exist, but they know that Cas would never be happy like that. “They’re not doing enough.”
There are only a few creatures that can conjure up such a huge world based on his wishes. He thought the case had involved a hybrid. “How many times have you rebuilt this world?” Castiel asks.
conversation like the coward he is.
It would be fine if he stays here forever. Without moving, until his limbs and body and heart solidified into stone. It wouldn’t matter in any way, if he did. This place had existed for eons without his presence, and there’s a sense of comfort in knowing that his presence won’t make a difference, either.
On his way to the washroom, Castiel sees Dean and Sam in the war room, discussing something with a frown. Their voices aren’t loud enough for him to understand anything clearly, but the heavy atmosphere that hangs above them is easy to read. Sam murmurs something with a huff, and Dean shakes his head with a humourless smile. They both stare down at the table, seemingly hopeless.
“What?” Cas says again. “I’m not lying.”
He can’t believe this.
He understands why repetition of routine can drive human beings to their mental limits.
Thankfully, Castiel’s silence from momentarily losing himself in the fantasy of knocking Metatron’s teeth out is enough for Metatron to draw his own conclusion. After so many years of isolation, he absolutely loves to hear himself speak.
Sam levels him with a look, and shrugs. “Suit yourself.”
A headache bids him a good morning. Castiel buries his face further into the pillow with a groan, but he does find a cup of coffee by his nightstand. It’s strong and familiar, as always.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas mumbles into Dean’s ear. He tries to not shiver, and responds with a tight squeeze before they part. Cas’s feathers sweep at his cheeks and down under his chin as his wings fold back up, almost like they’re caressing his face for a second there. He supposes he can’t help it; not like Dean can control every single strand of his hair.
Dean’s hands were filthy. “When I want something, and I mean
“Hey, Cas,” Dean grins up as Cas takes in the scene.
Castiel lets the words soak in. It warms his face the longer he lets it sit between them, even as the night chill seeps into his bones. A steady pulse of warmth tugs at him, growing from his chest and spreading throughout his body.
“What?” Sam looks over to the wall. There’s nothing there. Castiel is sure it was there. “No. What graffiti?”
“Cas is hiding something,” Dean announces on Monday.
“I’m not really sure,” Cas says. “There are a lot of people.”
There’s a hand on his shoulder, and Dean grimly stands beside him. “You alright?”
Charlie almost cries when she steps into their apartment.
And that’s it.
God, what does he
He thinks about how Cas sighed. He thinks about the way his wings puffed up, the way Cas’s face fell when Dean told him not to show his wings when he was around.
Now that he’s strong enough to stand, Castiel goes for long walks. The trees that were once full of green leaves have changed colours while Castiel was captured. He finds a trail not too far from the bunker, surrounded by reds and yellows and greens, and a small stream running throughout. He sometimes comes back to the bunker with his pockets stuffed full of acorns and rocks that he likes. He likes to think that they ground him to this world: tethers that keep him anchored to reality. There’s always something new that he doesn’t already know about.
.” Charlie sends the blanket flying as she hugs him. “Best temp roommate
been a hectic few weeks what with the first rush of assignments having been due, and midterms fast approaching them. It wouldn’t hurt to ask.
He needs out.
“But—” Cas frowns into the air. “We still did all those things, save for the kissing and the sex.” The sex. Classic Cas. “Kissing and sex are both actions, and we still acted out on all those other aspects of dating. Does that mean we’re dating under human definition?” Cas frowns down at Dean, like Dean’s somehow tricked him into being his boyfriend. “Are we
leaving until I see them.”
“Uh.” Well, Dean didn’t prepare for this. He mostly expected Cas to be over the moon about getting to do something Halloween-y again. “You can say no if you don’t want to.”
Sam’s entire body shakes a little as he gives a watery laugh. “This is where you hug back, Cas.”
need to be with Cas for longer.” spits Dean. “Leave us alone. I haven’t seen them in eons.”
“I know,” Cas says softly. It’s tender, the way Cas hushes out his words only for Dean to hear. “I understand, but I’m really not lying about that, Dean.”
There’s a polite knock on the door, which is odd in itself given that Dean and Sam are both out, so Castiel warily gets up to see who it is.
“I never
They eventually find something online to help Bobby. Bobby isn’t in a good mood by the time everything is over. One of his kitchen walls is gone, but Castiel knows better than to ask for an explanation. Dean and Sam offer to take Bobby’s books into the bunker, and suddenly they’re left with piles and piles of lore books, and plenty of rooms for them.
“You’re drinking it, though.”
Not like this. Not like this.
“Hey to you, too,” Dean replies through a mouthful of rice and chicken. “Again?”
A push is all it takes. Castiel can’t move, frozen in place.
Castiel rolls his eyes, and Dean restates, “It’s okay. You know I dig it,” with a wink and a grin. He doesn’t see the rush of heat that runs through Castiel’s chest, and he pretends to be annoyed with him instead, focusing back on the sigils.
He’s useless, in his dreams and in reality. He hasn’t learned. For years he thought he could fix it all if he just did something right, and all he’s done is cause more harm. There must be hundreds, no, thousands of others like her out there because of him.
instead.
Dean stands there, covered in confetti, speechless.
“Hey, no problem. I had fun.” Dean gives him a good tap on the shoulder. “Besides, that’s what friends are for, right?”
Cas leaves him to it. If he notices the recent frequency of Dean confessing to inanimate objects and how fucking weird it might be, he doesn’t say anything.
He suddenly feels so weary, like he’s been running for forever. There’s so many unspoken rules about the ebbs and flows of human emotions, and everything seems to weigh him down at once. It’s overwhelming. It’s unbearable. He wants to sink into Dean’s touch, climb into his smiles and live there forever, and tell him. He wants to tell him.
For that, Cas beams him a smile that automatically has Dean smiling back. “Thank you.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says. The smile on his face falters a little, but it doesn’t disappear completely. “You busy?”
“Doesn’t mean you can’t, right?”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean breathes.
He remembers her.
“Yeah,” Dean replies. “None of his group members did their work so they had to, like, cram everything in one night.”
“You are. There was the jukebox, then the suit of medieval armour you were fond of, and that food processor that seemed to get you going for a while.”
“—or maybe, just
The least he can do is talk.
At first, everything was hotter.
.” Charlie shivers up again. Dean pities her. “Apparently it’s supposed to snow tonight,
“Stop that,” Charlie replies with thinly veiled disgust. “Just
The man blinks. Although Castiel is used to that reaction when introducing himself by now, he’s not used to how the man doesn’t comment on his name or poke fun at him otherwise. “Nice to meet you, Castiel. I’m Dean.”
Dean turns with their breath caught in their throat. “Hey, Cas—”
When he recounts the whole thing to Cas later that night, Cas’s lips press into a thin line with disapproval.
“For coming here. For sticking around.”
“Yeah. Hey, Cas?” There are splinters of the bunker in Dean’s arms. “What’d you dream about, anyway?”
Dean caresses Cas’s cheeks, and Cas’s blue, blue eyes flutter open. There are so many good things about being incorporeal entities, one of which is that they will always have each other for as long as the Earth keeps orbiting. The comfort in knowing this is what they’ve lived with for their entire existence, but suddenly this is being stripped away from them and it’s not pleasant to learn that things aren’t as they should be.
Dean lets that sink in. “And you’re a contributor?”
He nodded. “Okay,” he added just for good measures.
“Cas,” Dean says warily a few days later. “Are you sure about this?”
Few days later, Dean comes home earlier than usual. His last class for the day is cancelled for reasons he can’t remember now, and Dean’s a happy guy since that means he can show Cas how to bake peanut butter chocolate chucks cookies the Winchester way earlier than he’d promised to.
Dean is sitting on his bed, watching the way his hands clench into fists. His hair’s tossed like he’s been tugging at it out of frustration, and a pulse in his neck jumps while Castiel watches. Castiel stands very still by the door. Neither of them speak.
Cas thinks over this thoughtfully, and nods. “Right.”
Castiel grabs him by the shoulder now and turns him around to make him look at him, just like how Dean taught him to do all those years ago. “Don’t,” Castiel says, and Dean’s unmasked surprise meets him. “Don’t hide from me. Please.”
“Hmm.” Dean studies the blank spreadsheet more thoroughly and when he realizes what Cas wrote as his username, his heart skips a beat. “‘caswinchester’?”
a Ravenclaw.” “Don’t judge a girl by her house, Dean.”) and has had a lot to say to Dean in private on his choice of costume for Cas (“I just
“So no need,” Dean says good-naturedly. “As long as you drop by when we need you.”
like he’s always busy this week. He can’t come home in time for dinner because he’s doing
“Oh. Uh. Okay.”
“I’ve never been to a party,” Cas mumbles. “I never had the occasion, and I wouldn’t know what to do.”
Castiel blinks. He turns around to find Dean standing at the door, his voice still raspy from sleep. Dean yawns.
“You were busy.”
“Dean?” Sam’s voice says. “Hello?”
“Sam?” Dean calls.
“I’m sure that’s not true.”
“Sure.”
They’re so close. They’re inches away. It’s taken them so long to get here.
Dean’s eyebrows turn up.
Castiel looks at Sam’s computer screen again, and back to Dean. He’s lightheaded like he just stepped out of a shower even though he’s nowhere near the washroom, the warm orange lights of the bunker that welcomed him now intrusive and blinding. “No.”
Castiel cuts up a small bite as Dean watches. There’s a burst of flavour which dances on his tongue: apples mixed with brown sugar, butter, and cinnamon. Dean grins at Castiel’s surprise.
The next morning, Dean wakes up later than everyone else in the bunker. Not much sleep to get after something like that. Instead of bothering to find out if people are around to eat with him, he heads straight to the kitchen to cook himself some breakfast.
Castiel stays for a moment to see if Dean would say anything else, but he doesn’t. Castiel leaves the room without another word, and clicks the door shut behind him. Dean’s just separated by a wall, but his sudden absence is an ache, and it’s like there’s a huge gap beside him.
True to his words, Cas doesn’t drink any of the stuff. He tells Dean to “go ahead” whenever he wants, as long as Dean criticizes it like Balthazar had wanted. He gives a fair warning to water it down beforehand, since it’ll be too strong for a human.
that. Why’re you still here?”
“It was yellow,” Castiel supplies. Sam shakes his head.
There.
would I—”
“Time,” Bobby is saying with another swig of his beer, “it works differently here.”
“I love you,” says Dean, just as Cas walks into the room. Cas stops dead in his tracks, and stares at him, rigid in place as he holds his breath for just a second, eyes wide and disbelieving while he digests Dean’s words.
“Oh, you can…” Dean clears his throat. “That’s pretty cool. I mean, I guess that makes sense since I never really
Because god, that’s the catch, isn’t it? The last few months he’s known him, Cas hasn’t done anything
Cas blinks, like this is the last thing he expected to hear. He’s still for a while, maybe in shock or something, and takes a deep breath after seemingly working things out in his head.
Cas’s head perks up from between his textbook and gives Dean a blinding smile. Dean flushes hot under his collar at the sight; it’s not
Cas is always into… different stuff, unexpected stuff compared to other people, but Dean’s gotta admit, he’s hooked. Apparently ants bury their dead, and hey, who knew? Definitely not him.
It’s then that Cas shuffles out of his room stretching and takes a moment to blink at Charlie in split second confusion before his smile breaks through. “Hello, Charlie.”
“Cool.” Dean gestures at the door. “You can stay here and research, if you want. I grabbed your stuff from Bobby’s.”
Thank god. Thank god it was just Cas being his socially awkward self and not Dean having crossed a line. “Well, hey, offer’s still on the table if you want.”
Dean and Cas share a look together, dumbfounded. They’ve never seen Summer cry before.
for the heads-up about telling Cas about the pancakes.”
“It’s for Halloween,” he gestures towards the HALLOWEEN section behind them. Cas stares back blankly. “Gonna go on a limb here and assume you don’t know what Halloween is.”
Dean offers to listen to the details of the case, so Castiel unloads everything he knows. The names of the victims, how they were found, why he thinks there’s more to it than what it seems like. Dean doesn’t say much, only occasionally giving back an audible mumble to show that he’s listening with a definite frown settled on his brow as they drive back. After Castiel is finished, there’s a deliberate silence that is carved out hollow between them. He’s surprised to find how quickly the night has fallen when lunch only feels like a few hours ago.
“Lookin’ good,” Dean grins, and Cas smiles with him.
“Dean—”
“It’s Jane,” she replies. “My name was Jane. You took that from me.”
He stuffs his phone back into his pocket and stands, and gives the lake one last look before he starts walking again.
The wings are black, by the way, iridescent black like a crow or, or oil? Dean’s not sure how to describe them. Big, too, peeking out over Cas’s head. He can see why Cas wanted the living room to stretch them out, and he sort of wants to know how big they are when they’re fully open.
Dean shrugs. “The not natural kind. He’s trying to figure it out, but so far, nothing.”
“You don’t need me anymore,” he says. “Heaven will be alright in your hands. That’s all I wanted for it.”
It’s why Castiel finds himself in the library a few minute later, mindlessly flipping through the books for a way to repurpose himself when he hears footsteps against the marble floor. The owner of it reveals himself to be Dean, who slowly rounds the corner with a small inquisitive frown settled between his brows. He’s wearing clothes Castiel's never seen him in before. He gingerly touches the doorframe, which Castiel finds a bit odd. Dean carefully maneuvers across the war room and into the library, his eyes roaming the area like it’s about to fall apart on him at any moment.
Lucky for Cas, Dean is the
Jack is gone, and so is Dean, and now he sits beside this lake as he pushes away the one other person left on this planet that gives a damn about him at all. It’s mortifying to realize that even now, as he sits here with his teeth clenched, he’s already thinking of how long it might take him to get back to Sam, to Dean, if he started walking back now, if they might take him back, if they could just forgive each other and go back to the way they used to be.
Dean laughs. This was a mistake. “The trench coat is a look I never thought would be for you, but hey, maybe next year, you should be Constantine,” he says, and regrets it immediately. He, Dean Winchester, trademark Bisexual, does not have the strength to see Cas in a Constantine outfit.
Dean flushes. He knows it’s just Cas not understanding what a date is exactly for, but somehow it weirds him out in a weird way. “Intentions matter,” he explains. “There’s gotta be feelings behind those actions. Like you said, uh, Valentine’s is a celebration of romance. And first dates can end up with a kiss, and—other things.”
“Oh. Um. No. I’m not actually phoenix. We’re just… called that since we’re more receptive to heat than other harpies and usually live in deserts.”
Sam runs his fingers through his hair. He sends a wary glance behind him, almost like he’s expecting Dean to walk into the room at any moment.
Castiel smiles. “Yes.”
“Dean, the case is an excuse,” Castiel blurts, and retracts his arm. He doesn’t mean to be honest. But they’re in his dream. “I wanted to prove to you that I’m still useful, even if I’m…” Maybe this is the only place where he can be as honest as the truth. “I just needed a reason to stay.”
Dean’s reply is instantaneous. “Yeah, man, ‘course. I should’ve known better—I mean, I’m just glad you’re not hurt—”
The feathers on his wings
These people were gone before he could help them, but maybe he can help the people who might be next in line. Castiel peers closer at one of the photos. This man feels… familiar. Maybe it’s because he’s been staring at these photos for what feels like forever, but it’s as if he’s seen him somewhere before. His face is white and empty, and it’s impossible to read exactly what he was feeling at the time this was taken. A blank state. If only Castiel could warn him.
The blonde dude needs a favour from the dark haired dude. He needs to borrow money from the guy but he can’t tell him why. Okay?
Castiel stares.
Yeah.
Dean swallows thickly. “But this is—”
“You want something or what?”
“Maybe one day,” Castiel replies. He almost believes it himself.
“You’re new at this hunting thing.”
“Dude, I thought he was burning the place down and everything.”
Didn’t he already know that, hadn’t he already resigned himself to it? To not want more than what he was given, not more than what he deserves. They need him. Dean needs him.
“I see that.”
They lie here with their hands linked together as if they’ve done this a thousand times before. The lights from the nightstand lamp dances in Dean’s eyes, and Castiel studies the way they move while Dean watches him in turn.
. It’s not like I’m saying you should—”
It’s hard to accept it. A part of him wants to agree with Sam, let it all be someone else’s fault, but he’s so used to thinking it’s all his fault that it’s hard to accept anything else as the truth. Yet he looks up at Sam now, full of sincerity and believing in everything he speaks of, and he can’t deny him that.
Cas is still not home.
Dean shoots him a curious glance to see if Castiel understands. Castiel hardens his resolve.
“What?” Cas answers, and sips at the hot chocolate again. Not even through a stirring stick. Through a straw. He scrunches his face up. “This is very sweet.” Cas frowns, this time probably from the look on Dean’s face. “Did I do something wrong?”
“You gonna tell me about that case of yours?”
“Are you sure it’s the same course?” She looks up the course curriculum on her phone and scans it quickly. “None as far as I see it.”
Dean pauses, huffs out a laugh. It’s hard to make out his facial expression in the dark. “How the hell did you get lost in a one-way hallway?”
with bumpy ice, and the sides almost like thick icicles that are seen on tree trunks during winter. Jesus Christ. Dean adds a mental note to pick up some insulation film for their own apartment, although that might be overdoing it this year.
“I don’t know what I’m dealing with, Dean.”
“We got ambushed.”
“Dean. You’re making excuses.”
Castiel walks her back to the war room, where the rest of the angels are waiting for Hannah before they head back out to their headquarters. She doesn’t say anything on their way back, but she speaks up at the last moment before she leaves. “You already made your choice long ago, haven't you?”
Cas has a glare on, not particularly directed at Dean. “None of the
Castiel frowns and shakes his head. That’s different. “Sam, the harm that Crowley and Abaddon does isn’t your fault.”
The bar feels as familiar to Castiel as the café had been, with a burly bartender in a baseball cap who nods at them upon their entry. He sets two bottles at the end of the bar for them.
responsibility to fix it either,” Castiel snaps.
When it happens, they’re in the middle of a strategy meeting with Hannah.
And then, it’s gone. Dean deflates as all the fight bleeds out of him, and he deflates and deflates until his shoulders sag and the fire in his eyes dulls, and disappointment sours in Castiel’s stomach.
He needs a plan to protect himself. But what if Cas tries to attack him during the night, when Dean’s the most vulnerable?
“Hey,” Dean whispers.
my coat.”
“Like
“Alright, alright.” Dean gives her a firm pat on the back with a smile. “Don’t get too used to it.”
“So,” Dean prompts on their way back, both of them stuffed full of pizza and popcorn and chocolate, “how was it? Your first human party?”
Dean pauses. “Huh?”
He’s not sure. “I’m fine.”
Castiel looks away. This time, shame burns in his stomach.
“Wha—Hey!”
“Yeah.” She’s wearing the full gear—mittens, earmuffs, a scarf, the whole lot. She slumps over the cafeteria table. “This is how I’ve been sleeping.”
There’s shuffling, and Charlie soon meets him at the door. “Hey.” She offers a smile, and glances back into the room. “Good timing. I was just about to go to bed, anyway.”
Castiel realizes he’s swaying a little on his feet and shakes his head. The pain is lessening by the seconds, but it’s still constantly present. “Yes. Is Sam safe?”
Cas nods, and Dean watches him retreat back into his room. He makes himself a cup of hot chocolate with a little bit of the instant coffee mix they have, and sit back down in front of his desk himself.
Cas thoroughly chews on his toast in deep thought with his eyes still narrowed at Dean. Dean rolls his eyes and scarfs down the rest of breakfast so he can get out of Cas’s vicinity for a while until Cas figures this one out. But just as he stands, Cas stands up too, and before Dean can say anything else, wraps around him into a tight hug.
“How should I know?” Summer says helplessly. “This is fucking with me too, you know. I had to stay longer over there for some reason.”
And before Dean can say anything else, the man is gone with only the sound of the doorbell left behind.
He isn’t happy.
“Oh.” So Dean basically offered to… He flushes. “
Castiel studies the freckles peppered across Dean’s face that are visible by the bar’s low lighting, and he knows that it’s the same now. He glances away from Dean’s lips, and focuses back on his bottle of beer.
. He’s been human for… He’s gone through… normal person insane.”
and there are streamers and balloons all over the apartment painstakingly decorated and—
“That’s one way to put capitalism.”
He’s… Cas.
She considers this for a moment. “Yes. You are. I was surprised when I found out. You should’ve seen the state you were in when the Winchesters brought you back here.”
Dean’s face falls. He sighs quietly, and turns off the stove to face him fully. “Cas, I just want to spend some time with you.”
“They tried to have me heal you, but the poison’s grip on you was too strong. At first I thought it was odd that it had such an amplified effect, especially since the djinn was already dead.” She pointedly looks around the room. “But maybe you were the one who was refusing to wake up.”
“I’m fine, Dean.”
started playing as Cas slowly turned his head, wide-eyed as he registered what’d just happened and… and a smile spread slowly over his lips and he leaned forward slightly, leaving just enough space for Dean to come forward and accept should he choose.
Dean gives his shoulder a firm squeeze. “Welcome back.”
He misses his kin. It’s different from how things used to be—when things used to be more simple, and more direct. If she had spoken more than a few words at him, the acknowledgement and the reminder of his position might’ve suffocated him. He’s not reminiscing—not with how things turned out to be—but he wonders about the what-ifs. Always with the what-ifs.
Dean closes his eyes. He’s gotta stop trying to count backwards from ten to calm his mood every time Cas’s cousins decide to visit, since it ends up sounding like a countdown for some sort of emotional blast off instead.
—” Dean flails towards Cas’s direction, “—is what you meant? I thought you were talking in some weird metaphor—”
Cas shrugs. “I’m sure I’ll be done by the time you’re back.”
“No, it definitely got hotter,” says Jo. She fans herself, her own face slightly red. Oh. Temperature-wise, they mean. Duh. “It went from 0 to 100 real quick all of a sudden.”
“Dean,” Castiel repeats.
“I’m gonna go for a drive,” Dean says.
Cas’s face goes through a roulette of emotions that briefly settles on what feels like anger, then into a scowl. His wings are tightly wound against him as are his shoulders, but he doesn’t say anything else. His wings flutter restlessly once in a while in the otherwise silence. He’s a little scary like this.
Michael was supposed to be the
Summer does a very rude human gesture because, as we all know, Summer is always at Hawai’i at all times of the year. It’s an inside joke.
He wants, he wants, he wants so much that he’s incomprehensible with it. What’s stopping him? What’s stopping
Sam’s grin widens, and Castiel finds himself rising from the ratty old couch. Bobby glances up from underneath his cap, but he doesn’t say anything too unkind. Out of habit, Castiel reaches out for Sam, stretches his wings, and takes flight.
Castiel forgets to breathe.
“Did you eat anything today?” Dean asks.
Dean blinks.
Something quivers inside Dean’s chest. “Reciting poetry to your sandwich?”
happy birthday deaner wiener
and they don’t know that Cas isn’t some socially inept roommate who’s overly attached to Dean but an actually different species altogether, and that he’s still somewhat hesitant when it comes to joining the rest of humanity, so he needs at least one human he knows to be there for emotional support. Understandably.
“Yeah, okay.”
Dean blinks with a smile. “You’re selling?” he repeats. “Dude, if you’re selling anything from here, don’t let Sam find out.”
“That’s a promise.”
Dean wistfully looked back at the beautiful figure of a jukebox displayed at the front of the store, searing her image into his eyes for just a little longer before he hurried to catch up with them.
“Kin,” Dean echoes. “Huh. So you’re not… by yourself, sort of deal. So wait, do your parents know about this? Are your parents also harpies?”
The grip on his shoulder tightens reassuringly. Castiel falls into a dreamless sleep.
“Give them some time to rest,” Dean says, bubbling with anger. “They literally
“Yeah?” Dean grins. “Feel better now?”
Cas narrows his eyes this time, and his shoulders slouch back down. He grabs what he came into the kitchen for, and leaves.
“Well.” She looks around, for who he doesn’t know. “We just… figured that you’d be coming back with us after this. Back to Heaven. That’s why you’re doing this, isn’t it?”
“For you to lead them back to Heaven. They want no part in this war, either. They just want to go back home.”
Castiel blinks up. “I did?”
“Dean, where are the photos?”
“You’re late,” Dean says helplessly, almost entirely holding Cas up.
Casually, casually. “Hey, Cas.”
“Are you stuck to the floor or something?”
“What? What’s going on?” they ask, and Dean just about punches them right then and there. Only Cas holding them back stops them.
He is. He always has been. He’s not sure what his ‘best’ is anymore. “Yes.”
, so he’s got it all set up and put on pause while he waits for Cas on the sofa. Cas is taking a while, so Dean turns around to call for him, only to find him just standing there, staring at him and his paused screen.
“Shit, man.” Dean turns around fully to face him, actually worried now. “Did you get something to eat?”
“Cas, are you happy?” Dean asks. “Is this what you wished for?”
“A man named Jack trapped Satan up on a tree and refused to let him down until he promised to never take his soul—”
He flicks the light back off. He can barely make anything out, so he uses the wall as support to lead him back to his room, back to the warmth of his sleep. His feet tap against the cold floor, the sound almost violent in the otherwise oppressive silence.
“You used to be—you didn’t used to be like this, Cas. And now, ever since you found out that stupid fucking case wasn’t even our
“Oh,” Cas says quietly, when Dean shifts. “Did I wake you? I didn’t want you to get hot chocolate all over yourself.”
, it was lying,” Charlie insists.
Winter and Spring both go by many names. Humans, migrating birds, and squirrels were particularly specific about the naming convention depending on the regions they lived in. Recently, Winter had taken a fancy to the name ‘Dean’ and declared as such.
“So what’s up?” Dean asks and Cas tenses up again. “Do you need me to do something?”
“I don’t mean to accuse,” she adds gently, quickly. She clears her throat. “I’ve heard a lot of things about the Winchesters, but I don’t think they’re necessarily bad people.”
on TV. The sauce is messy; it dribbles everywhere and there are more than one account of running for the toilet paper to use as napkins. The sandwich just as delicious as the day they met, though it’s been long enough that Castiel doesn’t remember how it tasted before.
“Figuratively or literally?”
Castiel doesn’t take his eyes off the photo. It’s not possible that the subject of the photo has disappeared—but that’s exactly what seemed to have happened. This man, he was—
It is unfortunate that Dean and Cas are both very good at predicting their futures.
“Not yet,” Cas says. Dean doesn’t miss the overly casual shrug he gives with his answer. “But it’s only been a few hours.”
There’s a question in there somewhere, but Dean doesn’t bother asking it. “And you are?”
“So, um.” Dean clears his throat. “I didn’t handle that very well, huh?”
Dean internally shakes his head at himself. He’s pried enough. Probably meeting up with his relatives for molting tips or something harpy-related again.
“Well, I am now.” Dean shakes his head, and grabs Castiel’s arm. “Anyway, let’s get out of here. This place is giving me the creeps.”
“Yes.” Castiel extends a hand like he’s seen other landlords do upon meeting. “I’m Castiel.”
humans,” Castiel replies. His heart is at his throat, steadily beating louder and louder. “I caused this, Dean. I should—”
He carefully removes the blanket that he’s managed to wrap around himself, caging him into the bed. His toes curl up against the cold floor, and he almost dives right back into his warm bed. His heart won’t calm down. Whatever it is that woke him up, he wants to know.
he wants it. How could he, how
. Stop freaking out. “So. Uh.”
“What,
The djinn’s poison follows his gaze. “Ate him for breakfast.” At Castiel expression, it smiles. “Don’t worry. It was all very peaceful. And that’s what I’m offering you here.” It spreads its arms wide open. “Isn’t that what you wished for? To stay here, with me?”
Castiel doesn’t know what a ‘crock pot’ is but he does know pork. His stomach growls and he thinks back to the empty motel room. “Yes.”
She shows him the pictures she took of her windows this morning, which are completely frozen over—not with frost, but
“Hm?”
Charlie’s right, of course. Cas is an adult who can take care of himself now, harpy or not. It’s not like Dean’s his caretaker or anything. They’ve always been a little too attached to each other but—whatever.
, and he loves, he loves, he loves.
Castiel jolts awake.
“The people who were with me, were they…?”
Autumn quickly leaves as soon as they see how bad of a mood Dean is in, and Dean takes out their bad mood on Australia. They feel a little bad about it afterwards, but they don’t want to be in the same mood once they do eventually see Cas in a few months. Dean’s been in existence for as long as the Earth’s orbited the Sun but the next few months feels like an eternity spent while they wait for Cas to show up.
Charlie gives a thumbs up. Castiel looks down at the screen, and smirks.
Cas looks up slowly, and meets his eyes, pinning him in place. He takes a bite of his sandwich, and chews without further comment.
“What? I, um.”
“But I’ll give him his old job back after a few years, I think,” she says thoughtfully one night, when they’re discussing what to do with Bartholomew and Malachi.
Dean shoots a quick text to Cas and fiddles with his phone to occupy his mind. He goes on youtube and watches some cooking videos. He shivers and pulls a blanket over himself. The apartment’s a bit chilly.
Cas smiles, which is just about the hardest thing for Dean to endure right now. “I won’t have these out, of course,” he says, his wings fluttering a little. “But this is nice.”
“I’m not sure how to take that.”
“Horrible,” says Summer.
“Should I wrap these up?” he asks before Dean stomps over. “Oh,” he says, and he puts the pizza box to the side as Dean wordlessly opens his arms, and Dean embraces him.
words as truth?”
Whatever. Dean’s got other friends he can hang out with. Just because Cas is busy doesn’t mean he can’t occupy himself with doing other things. Dean’s also busy doing his own shit.
“Right.” Dean laughs awkwardly.
Dean wants to somehow turn away from all this like the guys walking away without looking back at explosions, because this entire conversation has been a complete disaster and he never wants to acknowledge that it existed in the first place. Sure, Cas’s always sounded sort of formal even though his actual words are pretty frank, but he didn’t expect him to be all hoity toity about it calling it ‘stretching his wings’ and shit, what the fuck.
Bobby clears his throat, and Castiel looks his way. Bobby wrinkles his nose in distaste. “You telling me there’s a brand new mutant creature none of us know about out there somewhere?”
Dean clutches the document file in front of him, and Castiel can’t take his eyes off of it. “Yes,” he says. “Yes, I’ll come with you.”
Castiel turns away from the sky to step inside Bobby’s house. He wishes he could spend time with his family and enjoy the day, but there is still too much to be done.
Dean makes Castiel sit down with a cold glass of water to sip on while he readies the sandwiches in the kitchen. Castiel watches as the condensation forms on the outside of the glass. Dean has the windows open and Castiel can hear the trees rustling under the apartment in the wind. It’s a quiet mid-afternoon and something smells savoury and delicious as sounds of plates clank out of the kitchen.
They’ve never fought like this. They’ve always fought like this. That photo. Who was it? “Did we have this conversation before?”
Cas clenches and unclenches his fists at his sides. “Did you see?”
He walks into their apartment and knocks at Cas’s door. “Cas? You home?”
The first time he came across the phrase ‘bisexual’ in high school, there was a gradual shift in his life as he realized that hey, he’s into people who aren’t girls, too. Maybe it’s not the same thing, but suddenly he was forced to acknowledge that he’s different from people around him. That everyone lives with the same set of rules except for him.
“Sam,” Castiel says, looking up at Sam’s tall figure. “What are you doing here?”
Cas smiles and turns slightly to kiss Dean’s palm. “I’ll see you in a few months.”
He has one more place to look at for today. He has no real hope for it after how his search has been going so far, but he still gets through the confusing bus transportation system (it would be so much easier to just
“Let me check with Cas first,” Dean says already taking his phone out. “He’s got a thing going on, so.”
Cas would probably like anything he gives him. Probably. He likes having things that are his own, to really call it
“Yeah?”
He can’t fall back asleep.
“I know. I’m sorry,” Cas says, muffled against Dean’s neck as they lay a small tired kiss there. “I didn’t mean to be. I missed you.”
“Whoa, whoa.” Dean stands up with him, looking at him warily. “Cas, alright, geez. Look, you want to work on that case of yours that badly, I’ll help you out.”
Castiel looks down at the paintbrush he holds, dripping yellow paint from its tip. He looks up to find bright yellow graffiti freshly painted on the side of Bobby Singer’s house. It’s even more stark against the blue morning sky, so bright that it’s almost unreadable. So bright is the morning sun that he’s blinded by it all.
onto him. There’s—no end to his wings as a separate thing. They just. Stop being his wings and starts being his back.
Here is Dean again, blaming himself for everything that’s happened when it’s far from the truth. If anything, this is entirely on Castiel for being so stupid to believe anything Metatron said, yet Dean thinks somehow this involves him being in the wrong.
“No,” Cas says slowly, like an old computer rebooting itself after it blue-screened. “A baby harpy would have their wings groomed by their parents, or close friends would help each other with hard-to-reach places. No,” he repeats, “there’s a platonic aspect to it. It’s circumstantial.”
“So now you’re saying I
“Oh.” Dean’s shoulders sag with relief and he laughs, more genuine this time. “Then why’d you make it so weird when I offered, dude?”
“I didn’t want to leave my dream,” Castiel says quietly. “Part of me wanted to stay behind.”
“Someone made the sigil-work you and Sam use,” Castiel points out. “Or did you think they appeared from thin air?” He starts on the left wall of the bunker while Dean covers the right.
Castiel smiles too, and intertwines their fingers together.
Just to show him just how invested he is in this, and because he did genuinely enjoy it, Dean checks his watch, and says, “Wanna hit the next episode?”
Dean puts the bag back down, feeling the man’s eyes on him all the while, and clears his throat. “So where’re you headed to?”
“You didn’t tell me a date is an act of courtship for marriage.”
Thank God.
Castiel looks back at the abyss one last time. He turns the unlocked handle, and pushes the door. It opens with a creak.
“Was it? Really?” Dean pokes the side of Cas’s wing and Cas yelps. “Sorry!”
Sometime later in the future, Castiel comes home one night and smells a very familiar smell. He slings his backpack off his shoulders and walks to the kitchen to find Dean nibbling on a piece of pulled pork out of his crock pot.
“Ah, you know.” Dean waves his hand in front of him, a careless grin thrown on his face. “With me and Sam together, it was a breeze.”
“Michael.” He looks around the familiar bar. It’s always empty except for when Michael occasionally pays him a visit and no doubt he’s watching him from somewhere not too far. “Come out, you son of a bitch.”
Jane bids them goodbye. The sides of her eyes are crinkled with her smile. Her eyes were green.
“It’s alright, Dean. Thursday works better for me.”
Dean’s still holding onto the photo. Castiel wants to snatch it out of his hands. “This case, it’s getting to you bad.”
Cas stares at him, completely blank. “So.”
“I’m sorry,” Cas murmurs again. He quietens, and Dean waits because they have all the time in the world now, and isn’t that crazy, that they have all the time in the world to figure this out now? Cas is looking at Dean like he hung the moon, and Dean has all the time to figure out what that means for them now. “I’m glad to see you again, Dean, even if it seems too soon.”
“Right,” he starts off. “Well, I’m human, so it doesn’t matter, does it?”
There’s a rustle and the sound of cloth ripping, and Dean blinks up from Cas’s face to see wings, and has seconds to respond to Cas’s opening arms and wings by opening his own arms.
Dean laughs just as his phone
“I’m sorry,” he rasps. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
“Okay, uh, oh!” he snaps his fingers. “Easier example. Everyone knows you can make orange by mixing red and yellow together, right? But nobody calls orange a red-wannabe, or a yellow-wannabe. Nobody points at an orange, I don’t know, shirt, and say ‘hey, look at that half-red half-yellow shirt’. It’s just a fucking orange shirt.
After a while, Sam releases him, and Castiel finds a small smile settled on his face that’s mirrored on Sam’s face. Sam inclines his head towards the direction Dean stormed off in. “You should probably go and talk to him.”
“So you won’t speak about it?”
“I don’t really know how harpies party either,” Cas helpfully points out. “Except maybe the occasional family gatherings.”
Castiel stares at Dean, his tongue suddenly too numb to form words. His lips are dry. The room feels cold. “It’s what you would’ve done,” he answers.
“Thanks,” Dean murmurs into Cas’s shoulder. He feels an urge to lay a kiss there but he doesn’t. “Thanks, Cas. This is the best.”
Dean is trying very hard to guess the words before the contestants on TV when Castiel notices a patch of sauce Dean’s missed to wipe. Castiel doesn’t think twice before he reaches over and wipes it away from the corner of Dean’s mouth, and Dean freezes in midst of guessing the phrase.
be nice,” he admitted.
“—yes, and even that was taken, so I… Well, I hope you don’t mind.”
“Thanks. Night, Cas.”
“No.” Castiel moves aside to give Dean room to enter the kitchen. “Of course not.”
He sits alone in his dark room.
Dean gets a shower of popcorn for that, which is totally unfair, because they all prove his points by throwing rice like confetti and yelling at the top of their lungs on their cues. Cas is bewildered, but he shakes his bell and does the Time Dance even though he has no idea what the hell he’s doing or why, and he laughs while they hop around in Charlie’s living room, and throwing toast and toilet paper in the air. Ash knocks over the pizza box, and he’s banned from standing on the table after that.
“You are a kind, wonderful person, Dean. Thank you for donating.”
They retrieve Castiel’s grace the night Heaven officially closes its gates.
Overwhelmed, Dean buries his face into Cas’s shoulder, not caring who sees him or what they’ll say after. Right now, all he wants to focus on is the way Cas softly lets out a, “Dean?” and bury his face further into Cas’s warmth. He knows it’s so damn selfish of him for being so relieved at finding out that Cas finds him as important and significant as Dean does with him, but he doesn’t let the guilt stop his relief from taking over the rest of his body.
The warmth seeps into his clothes, and Castiel closes his eyes for just a moment. Something that’s been tightly coiled around in his chest loosens.
if you want to have someone over or something,” Dean says. “You don’t have to lie about it to me. This is your home, too.”
“To what?”
“How was it?” Anna asks.
“I know,” Cas replies methodically. “Valentine’s day, also called Saint Valentine’s day or Feast of the Saint Valentine.”
“What about me?”
He shakes his head. It doesn’t shock him.
To be exact, it was still colder compared to the current times when all the temperature on Earth was averaged out, but it was hotter at some places than others. And anyway, nobody complained about the hotness of Earth since it was expected and mostly everyone agreed that it was a good temperature to be at. It was like this for a long, long time until one small meteor came to visit Earth.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “Me, too. And you know, now that I actually know what you mean, you can have your wings out any time. Seriously.”
Dean thought—
“How many times, Castiel?” he asks quietly. “How many times before you’re finally happy?”
Dean Winchester is a wonder; both Winchesters always have been, but especially in Dean’s utter lack of respect for what Castiel is, and lack of the restraints that usually comes with knowledge of what he is. It’s something Dean completely ignores by treating Castiel with unquestionable ease, almost like he’s one of his own.
“You fucking
Castiel opens his mouth to refute, but his words are stuck in his throat when he sees the hard set of Dean’s mouth. Something about this is familiar. There’s a faint taste of blood at the back of his throat.
He’s heard this before. “Dean, I thought I was doing the right thing,” he says, the words tumbling out on their own before he can even think.
Castiel looks at its outstretched hand. It has Dean’s eyes, Dean’s voice, but Castiel wonders how he thought it was Dean at all. It copies his face and his mannerism, but nothing can imitate the way Dean warps Castiel’s entire world to focus on him.
Just as soon as their lips meet, someone clears their throat.
“Listen—”
early birthday gift or something.
Dean starts loading up their stuff onto the conveyor belt. Cas helps. “People don’t dress up for that purpose so much anymore, and the chocolate thing—wait,” Dean lowers his voice, “
It isn’t how Castiel imagined it. Nothing about Dean is how Castiel imagines, and maybe that’s why the djinn failed so spectacularly to capture him in his dreams. Even in his dreams, he was just a mirage, and here, now, Dean is a solid weight around him as they kiss.
“Can I come?” Charlie asks. “The heater at my place broke again.”
Dean’s counting on all of these factors when he asks Cas as casually as he can possibly manage, “Hey, so if you don’t have any plans, you wanna come to Charlie’s Halloween party Saturday night?”
“Pretty good, right?”
Castiel raises his eyebrows. “I never knew.”
Cas gives one more firm squeeze and looks up at him without fully releasing him. Without warning, Cas leans up and gives Dean’s cheek a kiss with the slightest brush of lips that still feels like a million watts that jolts Dean from head to toe. He smiles at Dean’s frozen shock.
“You honestly think this is your first time to… ‘wake up’?” It shakes its head. “We both know you’re too smart for that, don’t we? And yet, here you are. Still with me.”
Jesse and Cesar and Jo and Ash jump out from behind his couch yelling
Castiel blinks. Warn him of what? As far as he knows, the man is already far out of reach for the living. He puts the paper down, and looks at the rest of the photos again. In the silence of the bunker, they look as if they’re sleeping.
“Cas?”
, of all people. Whoever thinks that probably
Dean licks his lips, and resolutely fixes his eyes on the beer bottle he’s holding. His heart absolutely pounds out of his chest. Dean takes a swig of his beer with shaky hands, and makes a satisfying noise. He smiles at the bottle. “God, I love you.”
“Dean,” said Sam. “Stop fondling the glass and let’s go.”
(And Dean
When Castiel fails to answer, Dean presses his lips together into a thin, displeased line. “You’re letting this get to your head too much.”
, you
Dean leaves him to it, and grabs the hot chocolate mix. Cas is by the vegetables by the time Dean is back, a small smile on his face from watching the water spraying thing the vegetable section does.
Dean attends Groundhog day. And yeah, okay, maybe Dean’s grasping at straws at this point but they have to do
Charlie rolls up her sleeves and Jo ties her hair up into a ponytail while Cas pretends to not notice any of this is happening, his face slightly red also probably from his own body heat, and Dean tries to contain his own smile. Dude must really like his quesadilla or something, geez.
. I just… don’t want to get you involved in my crap anymore. I would never forgive myself if you got hurt because of me again.”
Cas nods and leaves without further words before Dean can get another word in.
Castiel frowns down at the floor. “Dean.”
, he had said.
“F-fucking—
Castiel wants to deny her, but he moves aside. She looks around the room. There are blankets and dirty clothes strewn across the floor, and empty plates and mugs piled up on top of his drawer and desk. The TV, paused on a video about how soap is made, is the only source of dull light in the dark room.
stretching. Dean keeps staring, but he doesn’t see how Cas would even be moving the left one all twitchy like that while doing—all
Cas chuckles quietly, vibrating with joy as rice falls out of his hair. It’s a sight, alright, and damn does it feel good to make someone happy like this.
And Spring, upon seeing Winter approach with their ever-so detailed snowflakes and dark forests contrasted against crisp quiet starry nights, who thought themselves barren but contained so much life if one just knew where to look, who was quite unlike anything they’ve ever seen, fell in love with Winter and promised, “Of course.”
Somehow, the fact that Cas somewhat knows about it already makes Dean’s heart thrum louder. “So you… knew about it?”
“My intention,” Dean echoes. “In regards to what, exactly?”
He doesn’t remember how the rest of breakfast goes. He feels Dean and Sam share knowing glances over his head, but he ignores them in favour of trying to piece his thoughts back together. There must be something they missed, or something he missed, but all he knows is that… this can’t be the work of humans. He wants to make
He runs out to the kitchen with his blanket still wrapped around him—
Castiel smiles, morose. “I don’t think everyone shares the sentiment, Hannah, but I’m grateful.”
Cas sends him his own share of articles on insects throughout the month. Sometimes it’s about insects he’s never heard of, sometimes it’s cool facts about really commonly known insects (who knew there are scorpions that can breathe underwater?), and Dean drinks up everything Cas is willing to share with him. He tries to match his pace, sending him youtube links and articles of his own pulled from various websites, and every time, Cas responds with a series of emoticons that keep this going.
If he had to hide who he was from the rest of the world just to survive, what would he want to hear?
“You should stay.”
“It’s not a
know now. Doesn’t he?
, but thinks better of it. “For upsetting you.”
“Not today, Satan,” Dean mutters.
He sips at it gratefully, and makes his way to the kitchen where the smell of breakfast waits for him. Dean is there, something sizzling on the stove in front of him as he greets him with a smile.
“Cas,” Dean says, suddenly gripped with fear that this might be the last time they ever see Cas. “Be careful out there, alright?”
“I chose this, Dean,” Castiel reprimands gently. “I’ll never regret that.”
Hannah blinks. “Of course you have a choice, Castiel. You’re the one getting us back.”
Autumn’s expecting me,” Dean snaps.
Anyway, he’s just glad they got that talk over with. “Alright, good talk,” Dean says, and by knee-jerk instinct he pats Cas on the arm, and definitely doesn’t run to his room.
“Cool coat,” the waitress tells him.
, and Dean wins with the latter by using the Cas-has-never-watched-it-and-it’s-a-classic-Halloween-movie-so-it’d-be-a-tragedy-if-he-didn’t card.
Before Castiel can say anything, their attention is ripped away from each other when the bartender loudly greets a delivery woman, who grins and nods at him and the man sitting in front of the bartender. Castiel recognizes the faint outline of a halo on the woman as the bartender introduces the man to her.
“The angels,” Castiel continues, unable to look up from the ground. “If I had just listened to you, maybe they wouldn’t have—”
“This is so
He can’t leave things like this.
. Cas would probably look good in any scarves, tassel or no.
Castiel sinks into the bed, his heart still beating out of his chest. He can hear their frantic whispers even though he tries to not overhear. The Winchesters have always been bad at keeping their voices down when they’re emotional.
Muriel mulls over this. She gives a little sigh. “Naomi is dead. Did you know?”
“I assume the hunt went alright?”
“Dean. Why didn’t you pray to me?”
“Oh, yeah. I know, dude.”
He also definitely doesn’t lunge for his phone when it does, eventually, buzzes.
He watches the scenery pass by, but it’s too dark outside to make anything out. He’s not able to pay attention anyway, with Dean’s tense body beside him. He doesn’t know what to say, so he doesn’t.
Cas’s smile fully reaches his eyes now. “Good night, Dean.”
“Look, would you have done it if you knew what Metatron was up to?”
. His eyes light up, his mind already melding into one with Sir Attenborough, and glances over at Dean for approval. Dean knows that look.
Cas looks up from his cup of coffee and gives such a radiant smile that it has Dean’s breath catch in his throat. “Someone won with a generous donation of fifty dollars. I just received their proof of donation email.”
He doesn’t. Dean waits for Castiel to say something, and Castiel finds nothing to say. He can only meet Dean’s eyes, and hold them there as he thinks of nothing else. His mind isn’t occupied by the rest of the world, by the need to repent, by the case he should be working on.
Dean licked his dry, dry lips, with Robert Plant cooing softly in the background. It was almost time for the chorus.
talked to
you?”
Castiel opens his mouth to say
Dean sits on the couch for a few more minutes and dozes on and off. A few more minutes, and if he’s not back by then, then he’ll screw it and just go to bed.
“Balthazar, please,” Cas replies sharply, and Dean raises an eyebrow at the name. Definitely another relative, then. “I appreciate your thought, but I don’t—”
Dean runs his palm along his baby’s smooth frame. “I love you so much,” he says, Cas just behind him. Watching him.
Dean plummets, and he drowns.
Castiel stares, but nothing changes.
“Why do you need the house empty on Thursday?”
Halloween is actually on a Saturday this year, which means midterms until the Friday if profs are nice, and midterms on the following Monday if profs are dicks. Thankfully, the former is the case for everyone he knows (except himself, who has a midterm
Saturday, which is bullshit, and molecular bio is
Cas shoots him a confused look, but doesn’t comment further as they sit together and watch some blonde dude stand around looking anxious. The camera cuts to a dark haired dude in a blue shirt. Dean’s pretty sure they’re a
“This late?
“Cas,” Dean says. “How about Sam and I take care of this one?”
“No, Dean,” Cas replies, and this guy’s eyes are completely dead. Yeah, dude needs a break. “I would never leave, at least until the lease we signed together for this apartment is up.”
“A hug,” says Cas. “That’s all you want for fifty dollars?”
“And… you’re important to them?”
Castiel wraps his arms tighter around Dean. More than anything, he wants to be as close to Dean as he can.
, and it’s all real. It’s all real and he can’t believe any of it.
“I just wanted—”
Too small? “Stretch what?” he asks only for the sake of saying something at this point, though he regrets the words the instant they’re out.
to Charlie. “But nothing,” he mutters. “Nevermind. Don’t worry about it.”
“You look… different when you look at them. At him.”
“Oh.” Castiel nods slowly. “That was thoughtful of you. I should’ve been doing that.”
“Um.” Cas blinks rapidly. His tongue quickly pokes out to lick his lips. “No. Just.” He coughs. “You don’t understand what you’re offering to do.”
Castiel snaps back to attention, and finds Dean with an inquisitive look. “No.” There’s no way Dean knows what he’s been thinking about, but Castiel’s face burns. “There was an angel after me.”
“Dean, give me the photo.”
“What the fuck is going on?” Dean asks.
The next time is at the garage when Dean is checking up on his baby. He hears Cas, all righteous and quick in his steps, and Dean says out loud, “I love you.”
“And you…” Cas hesitates. “You don’t mind living with me?”
“Dean.”
“I… Yes,” Castiel lies. “I’m fine.”
He looks forward, met only by the dark. He looks back at the door. He takes a step towards it.
“You chose this,” Dean repeats dryly. “Every time, it was you. Everything I did, I did it for you.” When Castiel doesn’t answer, it shrugs. “I’m playing the part, Castiel. You should do the same if you want us to keep up this charade.”
“Aw, sweetheart.” Dean moaned. “God damn, you’re beautiful. I would be lucky to even have a chance with you.”
Dean smiles. “We should do this more often,” he says. “Meeting up. Grabbing dinner together like this. Almost forgot what you even looked like.”
Dean grins automatically in response. “Never been better. And…” He glances at him. “If you and Sam are happy, then I’m happy, too.”
“You took
Okay. Okay, so maybe his cute roommate has a thing for feathers or something and he just walked into it by accident, he doesn’t know, he doesn’t
There’s a knock on the door and Cas is right there, a bag already slung over his bag. “Dean,” he says, and how many times has Dean explained about talking to people when they’re on the phone, “I’m leaving now, but don’t forget about tonight.”
Cas is flexing his shoulders when Dean looks back at him, the wings gone. Wait, what just happened? He looks behind Cas to see if he’s been fucking with him after all, but there are no fake set of wings lying on the floor, nor are there any feathers poking out from under the couch.
It’s been something he’s planned ever since he heard about Hannah’s mission to get his grace back. Making sure to be very careful not to breathe it in, Castiel opens the vial and pours his grace into the bowl with the rest of the ingredients. It puffs up in a cloud of smoke and swirls into the mixture, shimmering slightly before it mixes in completely. Dean physically winces.
“The jukebox.”
Dean gives a small smile in reply, and continues to clean up the room to restore it back to the way it was before.
Castiel frowns down at his hands, but looks less confused than before. Good, okay, progress.
There are wings sprouting out of his back.
“Hey, any time.” Dean shrugs for the sake of it.
What a stupid fucking spell.
“I don’t know, but I got lost because of it,” Cas says miserably. “It was always around but there’s never been this much of it before. Not to this extent. Haven’t you noticed?”
“Cas, do you know who Muriel is?”
They walk the rest of the way back, mostly with Dean filling Cas in on everything he knows about Marvel and DC. It’s almost two by the time they’re home, and Halloween is officially over as they retire to their rooms. Dean is changing into his pajamas trying not to think too much about how he did on his midterms when there’s a knock on the door.
Dean huffs. “I think you need a break.”
Dean waits for a moment, and narrows his eyes, but he doesn’t say anything else. Dean leans back in his chair. The taste of grace crackles at the back of Castiel’s throat. Forks clank on plates all around them, and their waitress takes their plates.
“Drink harpy stuff? Oh, come off of it, Cassie. You drank this stuff before,” Balthazar says flippantly, and the way Cas squares his shoulders at the comment immediately has Dean disliking Balthazar.
Cas’s smile becomes more certain. He nods. “Good night. Happy birthday, again.”
“She healed me from the Hell trials’ side effects,” Sam says. Castiel had noticed that the colour on his cheeks are back, and the horrible-looking bags under his eyes are gone. Also noted is the way he doesn’t cough up blood. It’s relieving to see Sam back in good health. “Apparently there’s some sort of angelic war going on, and she didn’t want anything to do with it. She’s staying here in exchange for helping me. Just until everything is over.”
“What about it?”
It’s a simple room. There is a bed, and a lamp that lights up the room. Yet Castiel almost feels he’s unfairly being rewarded for something by being invited to share this space. He is not here for a case that Dean and Sam have, nor for a world-ending problem.
“Our group project.” Cas pauses and leans closer to Dean, so Dean follows. He whispers, “I lied about molting.”
“I had an assignment due tonight. Is this dinner?”
“With what?”
Castiel breaks into a run, footsteps after him. No matter how long he runs, the corridor is endless. He takes in little gasps, not enough to soothe his burning human lungs. His heartbeat drums in his ears, and his stomach lurches, but he doesn’t dare stop. He needs to get out. Dean was here for him. He needs to leave.
“Dude, in
Cas isn’t human. Dude acts like grocery stores are the best thing to have happened since the dawn of time, he can’t talk to customer services for shit, he loves weird soap operas for god’s sake, and… and…
He never used to question it before.
“Got it,” Castiel replies quietly.
“You can borrow mine,” he says quickly. “I was going to use one of Charlie’s, anyway.” Dean glances at the clock. It’s eight at night, and they still got few hours before some of the costume stores and thrift stores around town to close. Dean
Summer holds up their hands with grimace. “That wasn’t me.”
, like this is one of those cheesy romance novels. Dean clears his throat, and grabs the popcorn out of Cas’s hands to munch on it extra obnoxiously. Cas rolls his eyes, and makes Dean wait while he changes out of his clothes.
“I could ask you the same thing,” Sam replies, and he hands Castiel a cup of coffee that smells divine to Castiel’s tired body. Castiel gratefully takes it, latches onto it like a life-line, and takes a sip with a content sigh. “Are you working on something?”
The easy atmosphere around the table suddenly grows stale, and the laughter dies down as Charlie realizes the gravity of what she said in front of Castiel. Her eyes dart between him and the Winchesters, and shrinks a little. Dean plays with the label on his beer bottle, and Charlie takes a bite out of her pizza for something to do. Eileen has an eyebrow raised, but doesn’t comment further.
Dean doesn’t know what to think.
“Well.” Dean’s eyes flicker up and down, and his lips quirk up into a smile. “It doesn’t matter. He was wrong, so.”
Not cool, brain. Not cool.
But. Uh. That’s impossible. Obviously.
The campus tour guide says something about the particular building they’re staring at and explains the history behind it. Castiel is interested in a detached sort of way, but most of the guide’s words flow over him.
They almost miss their bus, mostly because Dean is too busy staring at Cas thinking about scarves, and Cas still hasn’t bothered to remember which bus takes them to their stop. Dean gets his cup of hot chocolate, and makes Cas a cup in the end too (despite the fact that Cas didn’t tell him that he finished the last of the hot chocolate mix,
The man—the harpy, probably—sighs with a shrug. “Can’t believe I’m being treated like this,” he says woefully. “I traveled thousands of miles lugging these heavy things to share some of my best brew with you, and yet—”
Dean is in the Northern Hemisphere, whistling themselves a tune with wind through tree branches. They’re in a good mood; Cas is almost here and they can feel it in the air. They hope to get a longer glimpse of Cas this year since they were dragged away faster than they’d expected last year. Maybe this time, they might even stay around a bit longer to hang out properly.
“Yes,” Castiel replies, as sincerely as he can. He pulls Dean in to close what little gap they had between them for another kiss, and Dean wraps his arms around Castiel to hold on. He holds on, and he doesn’t let go.
Dean looks up from his drink. “What?”
Before insects, it was bio-luminescence in animals, and before that was animals who live in extreme conditions, among countless of other obsessions Cas has had over the years. Dean doesn’t always get the endless fascination behind it, probably not as fully as Cas anyway, but showing a little interest in what his best friend is currently obsessed with never hurt anybody.
For now, it’s a sad, cloudy day that drizzles snow and rain all day. Dean and Cas hold each other until their time to depart comes too soon, and as Dean departs for the Southern Hemisphere a day later to pay Australia a visit, they can’t shake off the feeling that the worst is yet to come.
“I know, but.” Dean twitches in their spot. “We’re not supposed to go missing, either.”
“On a run, that freak.” Dean rolls his eyes. “He’s always going on about having to stay healthy and shit. So hey,” Dean says, flipping a pancake. “Sam and I looked into your case while you were in dreamland.”
, he tells himself now, as he walks away, away from a place he once thought home.
“You see me walking and talking here? Hell yeah, it did. Ganked those sons of bitches like it was nothing.” Dean nudges him, and indulges him with a gentle smile. “Really could’ve used your help, though.”
“Dude, Cas,” Dean says, “it’s just a small party. It’s going to be me and few buddies, and we’ll grab some pizza, watch a cheesy old movie, that sort of deal.” Cas still doesn’t look at him, which isn’t the best sign, and, well, this sort of hesitation is new. “Cas?”
“Ah, don’t be like that. You had
“Why not?”
He stays for a little longer to exchange
“Cas,” Dean calls patiently, and Castiel snaps to attention.
that,” Castiel replies. He feels anger bubbling from within. This isn’t what he’s angry about, but it’s hard to stay calm after that. “I’m saying that I’ll take proper responsibility for it now. You don’t need to ‘bust your asses’ anymore.”
“Alright,” Dean says quietly.
She frowns at him. “But you live together.”
Dean wants to reach over, and just—do something. Anything to will that dejected look away from Cas’s face. He remembers a lecture he had the other day.
Dean blinks. “Huh?”
Maybe Chuck was listening though he doubted it, or maybe the universe was finally granting him one thing in his life that he wanted, but the jukebox was still sitting neatly in the display as if she’d been waiting for him to take her home the whole time. It only took a few minutes and a pair of shaky hands to purchase her, a few more to load her up in the car, and there Dean was, driving back home with something he chose for himself. Not for Sam, not for dad, not even for mom, but just. For him.
Cas frowns, like he does when he has no idea where Dean is going with the conversation. “No,” he replies slowly. “Have
Cas laughs, ducking his head a little as the sound echoes low into the night sky. “I guess.”
Pleased, Cas smiles. Maybe Dean imagines it, but the heat radiating from Cas becomes a little more intense for a second before it flares back down into a steady source of warmth.
Like Charlie said, it’s his damn life. He’s an adult. Dean’s sure he can take care of himself. Life happens. Things move on. Maybe Cas is just… moving on from him as one of his closer friend and onto other people.
“This winter hasn’t been easy on anyone from what I hear,” she says, nibbling on a piece of green pepper from his lunch. “So how come you’re fine, Kansas boy?”
Dean whistles. “Don’t overdo yourself.”
“But I didn’t get to see Cas!” Dean stamps their foot down. A Columbian ground squirrel that was thinking about emerging soon instead curls up tighter in their hibernation underground to guard against the sudden rush of cold. “I’m
not awake yet, are you?”
Cas wrinkles his nose. “I’m not human, Dean. Not completely.”
The phone clicks off and Castiel is left with silence in his temporary motel room that their mother’s lent out for him until he could find a proper place to live. He still has the entire summer to look but he’s almost tempted to just say that he couldn’t find a place so could he please spend another year back home until the new semester starts?
Castiel lets Dean lead him back out, and into the car. He rests his head against the window as Dean drives them back. The streets are empty, but he can’t shake off the feeling that there’s something he’s missing. He feels sick from the distinctive smell in the air, and absently rubs his arm.
Dean frowns, puzzled.
“It’s not like we can do anything about it. Why waste our time sitting here worrying over it?”
Dean lets out a breath that blows away into the oblivion of the endless dark night sky. “Getting colder out, huh?”
“Yeah. It was before I met you.” Dean shrugs. “And it was pretty trippy. But now? I don’t know,” he admits. “This world might be full of crap, but I’ve got Sam, and people I can call family, and you.” Dean pauses, and nudges Castiel. “Real you. So I’m good where I am. No need for fake worlds.”
“Hey, Cas. Eat dinner yet?”
“Um.” Imagination runs wild, and Dean can feel himself flushing to his hairline. “Nothing, nope, just, uh. Figured maybe we could make cookies or something,” he says stupidly, and fuck, he feels like the stupidest person in the world right now. “Sorry,” he says again, gripping for something in the otherwise awkward as hell silence. “I just thought—I don’t know, I thought maybe you were hurt or something.”
Layla laughs. “You scared me! I thought I missed an assignment already or something.”
Sam takes his tray and gets up, but just before they’re out the door, Dean looks over his shoulder. “Hey, Cas.”
“Are you serious?” Dean asks with a glare, and Cas turns around to see what the commotion’s about. “They
“Cas.” Dean doesn’t shift from his seat but he feels like he’s on the edge of it. “You know I’m here for you if you want to talk about anything.”
Castiel stills.
Cas makes an inquisitive sound against his lips.
“How is it?” Dean asks, wiping some sauce off his lips. “I tried a new recipe for this one and I think it turned out pretty good, right?”
Castiel says what he wants. "Then."
Castiel closes his eyes. The words sink, sink, sink into his body, and take roots and ground him in place.
He stands in front of a mirror in the bathroom, still clutching onto the only outfit he owns. Without his clothes on, he almost doesn’t recognize himself. He’s forlorn and foreign under critical eyes, and he wants to jump out of his skin. He quickly puts on his suit, his blue tie, his trench coat. He sighs in relief when the clothes settle neatly against his too naked skin.
a shame, and he puts aside his real pure panic over growing up real fast). But it’s cool, since he’s going as a generic cowboy, and cowboys are always cool no matter how generic it is.
“Isn’t there anything you want?” Dean continues. His Adam’s apple bobs slightly as he talks in a low voice, drawing Castiel’s eyes to it. “There’s got to be
Cas beams and Dean resists going right back to burying his face into Cas’s warmth, opting to smile back instead. Everyone else at the party is conversing among themselves and giving them no attention, or so it seems. Dean’s sure he’ll get an earful about it from Charlie later but right now he’s too happy to care.
“Uh.” Dean rubs his forehead. Nothing in his life has ever prepared him for this. “What happened to your…”
Castiel frowns upon seeing it, and looks up to soak up the sight of the blue morning sky. He looks around the salvage yard. He needs to work on his case, but it’s nice out here. He wants to go back home. His case with the hybrid. The hybrid.
The room up for lease is big enough—not enough for his full wingspan that he’s planning on letting out eventually once he has the privacy of his own space, but enough that he’ll at least be able to stretch out the joints from time to time. It’s definitely a big improvement from the rooms he’s seen so far, but settling for this room would really mean that he’s no longer…
“Uh huh,” Dean replies. “Lights on or off?”
Castiel’s eyes do focus then, onto Dean. Onto Dean and Sam.
“I’m sure you’d learn.”
Miracle is panting happily in the back seat with her head sticking out the window, and the sky above him is a clear blue with peppers of clouds. Dean taps to the rhythm of the song blasting from the radio as he hums along with the road stretched out before him.
As if saying that out loud was more to confirm it to himself than to inform Dean, Cas relaxes as he watches Dean’s cluelessness grows. “Humans… hold hands and, and touch each other as an act of intimacy typically when they’re romantically involved. Wing grooming and such for harpies…”
Sam’s upright and tense shoulders slump back down. “Cas, this isn’t just your problem.”
Castiel knows in the end that Dean will always come through for him. Above anything else, Dean is loyal to those he loves. Perhaps, during moments like this, Castiel is foolish enough to consider himself as one of those people, but what he
“And we’re the prey?”
Dean wishes they could, but what would they ever do with themselves if that faith is betrayed?
“Cas,” comes Dean’s voice, along with Dean’s hand that grabs at Castiel’s. Dean squeezes. That gets Castiel’s attention. “Buddy, stay with me.”
It took Dean a month or two to think it over, to
Dean’s face darkens. He grits his teeth. “I thought this
“Cas,” Dean calls with anticipation, hoping that maybe they can help to lead Cas back to them. “Castiel. I’m here. Come on—”
She’s right.
“Uh, I made cookies?” Dean points at the sheet of cookies on the counter. “If you want.”
“I got what I came here for,” she replies. “Goodbye, Dean Winchester.”
Dean’s smile slips, and along with it, Castiel’s good mood. The room feels constricting all of a sudden.
“But I won’t,” Dean says miserably, and Cas stills. “Without you, I…”
“Sorry,” says Summer. They actually do look apologetic about it this time. “Winter, Spring, it’s time for you to leave.”
Here’s another angel whose life he’s changed for the worse—someone who was forced to experience the brutal aftermath of his direct actions. She doesn’t throw anger at him like a weapon—she only looks weathered, tired from the war that Castiel’s been avoiding while she’s out there helping Dean and Sam to fix Castiel’s mistake.
fond of it now. Somewhere, an especially vigorous snowstorm occurred. “You should choose one, too. If you want.”
“I know about it. Sort of.” They move up the check-out line. “It’s when the boundaries between realms thin, and humans wear masks to blend in and prevent being killed.”
“Someone probably already bought her,” Dean said mostly to himself on their way over.
he’ll be able to focus on studying.
He lands them just outside of the bunker. He could’ve delivered them inside, but he wants to feel sunlight against his skin before they go back in.
He means it as a gentle tease, just as how Dean pokes fun at him all the time. It has the opposite effect of what Castiel wanted, and Dean tenses. Castiel blinks.
Dean’s eyes are a liquid pool against the light. He smiles warmly. “Cool,” he says, making the one syllable sound like he’s implying otherwise, but Castiel is never too sure with Dean. Before he can chase after this particular thought, Dean pats him on the back one more time before he announces, “Let’s get this dinner going! I’m starving.”
“Dean did that,” Sam offers as an explanation. At Castiel’s questioning eyebrow, Sam rubs the back of his neck. “We… didn’t know how contagious the djinn’s drug was, but Dean kept arguing we should dive into your head, and, well… You know.”
Something is wrong.
“Night, Cas.”
Dean finds himself heading to the kitchen for late lunch one day. He might fix something quick for everyone in the bunker since he figures nobody else has eaten, too. Instead, he finds Cas sitting at the kitchen table, who upon Dean’s arrival, announces, “I love you.”
The mug of red sits on top of the coffe table, forgotten.
Dean gestures at the cup of coffee on the counter, and Castiel grabs it while Dean raids the pantry for another cup for himself. Dean looks more comfortable here than Castiel has ever felt about… anywhere.
Hope rises to his throat, so much that he almost chokes on it. “Nope. Why? Did you want to do something?”
“Yes.” Castiel takes another sip of the coffee. Just as strong and familiar as the first. “How are you?”
Cas smiles, and continues making popcorn over the stove because he’s a dork who doesn’t own a microwave. He’s still in his own work clothes, his white button-up rolled up to his forearms. “Do share.”
The ends of his fingers tingle. His heart beats against his ears, but it’s not all he hears. He settles his hand against the door. He pushes. The door creaks open.
Castiel looks down at the vial of his grace in his hand. It pulses in his presence, swirling and trying to go back where it used to be. It’s warm and cool to the touch, and reflects light in every direction. Such a small thing that he can wrap his hands around used to define his whole existence—and now he has so much more.
“Sure is.” Dean takes a sip of his coffee, inviting Castiel to do the same.
“Sure. I’d rather be working on a case than doing Sam’s nerdy crap, anyway. C’mon, walk me through it.”
“I don’t
Dean sort of… kneads his fingers into Cas’s wings by moving up against the feathers like Cas told him to, until he reaches between Cas’s shoulder blades and gently presses a few times. Cas groans into the touch and yep, okay, he must’ve done something right. Dean grows more confident as he kneads back down each wing, doing his best to not hurt Cas’s joints by mistake and Cas’s feathers become more lax.
“He deserves to know... Besides, he’s Cas.”
Cas shrugs but pure pride still shines through his smile. “Jesse and Cesar helped immensely. They kept it in their fridge for me.”
They stop in the middle of the street, and Dean holds his shoulder steadily while he aims for the white grain. Cas’s eyes go together as he looks up at Dean’s hand on his head, and Dean makes the mistake of looking down at Cas while he’s holding him by his shoulder.
“Wait,” Castiel calls. Sam spins in place. “Have you seen the graffiti on the side of Bobby’s house?”
Dean finds Cas sitting in the library with a huge frown on his face and a deathly glare fixed at something on his laptop. So focused is he that when Dean walks into the room he doesn’t even acknowledge him, and Dean snoops over his shoulders and still he doesn’t even bat an eye. From what Dean can see it’s just a blank excel spreadsheet with nothing else on the screen, and Dean stares at it the same amount of time Cas does (who still hasn’t noticed him) but nothing happens.
