“Hi honey,” Steve greeted him.
Tony decided to rest for the night, he had a shareholders meeting in about four hours and he promised his newest PA, Pepper Potts, that he would actually show up this time. She was a ball buster, that Pepper Potts. She didn’t care for his shenanigans, and was able to get him to do what he was supposed to do approximately 60% of the time. She entered Tony’s life on a thunderous stampede of high heeled shoes and organized the chaos of his daily life and Tony’s own self into something that resembled a semi-functional human being. She was like a conquering general, all efficient maneuvers and brusque manner to get the job done. Tony expected nothing less from the granddaughter of a Howling Commando.
“Hey, mr. Could-kill-me-with-one-punch. I couldn’t get enough of your spam. How about your fry some and put a couple of eggs on top for me?” Tony genially requested.
They made quick work of Peter’s suit, Joe noting that it was to be relegated to the incinerator. They saw that the wound originated from Peter’s side, most likely a graze from a bullet or a knife swipe. It was already healing though, Jamie watching in awe as he saw Peter’s skin slowly knit itself back, his blood clotting at an amazing rate to stopper the wound. Joe gingerly prodded the back of his little brother’s head, trying to feel for a head injury.
It has been a busy summer to say the least. My cousin got married and everybody in the family was ass over head busy running around taking care of last minute wedding prep stuff. Plus I had to travel back home for the wedding so I haven't had much of a chance for writing.
Ever since his open heart surgery, he had some reservations about being bare chested in front of strangers. The scars left on his body weren’t for the faint of heart. Even during his pre-Steve one-night stands he never took of his shirt with them, leaving on the tank top he usually wore under his dress shirts. So he was lounging around under a huge beach umbrella sipping a pina colada, wearing a linen shirt and a pair of Ray Bans. After two weeks spent with his oldest and best friends, Tony felt himself starting to get over his heartbreak. Steve was the first, and probably only, man he ever fell in love with. It was understandable for him to feel the after effects of a terminated relationship as intensely as he did. Maybe in time he would be able to look at those six months they spent together and remembered only the good stuff, the feelings Steve elicited from him, how Steve made Tony feel loved and cherished and treasured for the first time in his long and arduous life. And though Steve might not remember it, Tony hoped he managed to convey all of his love to Steve and that he would remember the phantom feelings of having someone love as completely and devotedly as Tony once had.
“Like I give a damn,” Steve said, “‘sides, won’t you just use this as an excuse to get me more?”
“Contact left!”
“Sir, I have a question to ask.” One of the soldiers asked him.
“Okay,” Dr. Rosenberg turned back around to the fancy ultrasound machine Tony built to accommodate him during his extended period of bedrest with Joe, “and...it looks like you will be having…” the doctor paused for dramatic effect, peering at the photo then turned back to them, “another boy!”
After all for Steve it’s just another day.
“I think I have a fever,” Peter answered, his voice sounded weak and pained in Joe’s ears.
The rest of Peter’s family also have celebrity status through achievements of their own. His godparents were none other than Thor and Bruce, the King of Asgard/God of Thunder and a world-renowned Nobel laureate gamma radiation scientist respectively. Among his aunts are Natasha Romanov, best known as the Black Widow, the woman who leaked the dark secrets of the deep infiltration of HYDRA within the ranks of the US government through SHIELD, and Pepper Potts, one of the few beta females to ever become the CEO of a Fortune 500 company and a trailblazer for women everywhere. While among his uncles he was fortunate enough to have Bucky Barnes aka the Winter Soldier, the Hawkeye Clint Barton, James Rhodes the War Machine and Sam Wilson aka the Falcon.
Telling Clint about his rule yesterday seemed to serve no purpose, because here Tony was. At the same cafe where he first saw Adonis, hoping to see him again. Well, Tony rationalized to himself, I’m just gonna go and see if he’s there. There’s a chance that Adonis might not even be there, because who went to the same place two-days in a row? Certainly not Tony. Not unless he was after something. Or someone.
“Of course!” Tony nodded in excitement.
It was Steve. Steve was sitting a couple of feet away from him, his watch reflecting the rays of the sun towards the general area where Tony was sitting. If Tony thought he was ready to get over Steve, this just nuked any hope he ever had of getting over him. He was sitting on a towel on the sand, bare chested and wearing blue board shorts. A surf board was planted into the sand next to him, and from the way his hair was a couple of shades darker than it usually was Tony has managed to catch him post-surf. He had a sketchbook open on his on his lap, a mechanical pencil was held in his fingers, dancing across the smooth surface of the paper, drawing from memory or the scenery Tony didn’t know. He was so beautiful, Tony’s heart ached to go to him and hug him, tell Steve how much he missed him, how much Tony loves him and how these past couple of weeks completely destroyed him.
“Oh I know,” Peter concurred, “it’s been hardcore pining for the last nine years. It’s like the floodgates have busted open now and they’re making up for nine years of not being able to be disgustingly sweet with each other.”
“No, man. You don’t have to do that. I’ll just take these kids home and make them something for lunch,” the man started to say. His expression was pained, as if knowing that whatever lunch he would make for his kids, it wouldn’t be a good one because of his lack of money.
Just then, Sam walked in the kitchen and wondered, “Hey, why is Clint cosplaying Don Corleone in the living room? Also, when did we get a cat?”
(She’s got to love nobody)
“Why is Johnny Storm in our living room? Tony, did you exchange Steve for a newer model?” Clint asked as he dropped down on the couch next to Bucky for movie night, a big bowl of popcorn on his lap.
A few moments later, they were all stood before the altar. Bucky and Rhodey, as Ulysses’ godparents stood before the priest, Rhodey holding Ulysses in his arms. The rest of them stood by the pews, witness to the ritual unfolding before them.
-------
All in all, it was a fucking impressive statue, fit to be displayed in the Louvre or maybe the Trevi fountain, if Tony said so himself. The artist, a local New Yorker who went to Steve’s alma mater, did an amazing job at sculpting their likeness and with picking the poses so they looked very dynamic though they were stationary. Adding to the majesty of the statue was the thousands of origami paper cranes suspended above the statue symbolizing the people who lost their lives during the Invasion. At night, the cranes would become illuminated with fairy lights, lending a more solemn, hallowed countenance to the whole display.
Also, I totally took the "robbing the cradle and the retirement home" line from Wordsplat. I have such a writer crush on her. She's so amazing
“Right, I know that. It’s just that-- I don’t exactly know how to tell you, which is weird, since I’ve had to tell you this, like, three times already but still. Well, technically I only had to tell you once. The second time you found out by yourself, and the third time we found out together. I mean, I still have a hard time believing it myself. Because this, this was nothing short of a miracle, Steve…”
“Now it’s too white. It makes my head hurts.” Joe declared, voicing Steve’s concerns.
“Okay…” Jamie looked incredulous, “I’m an only child so I have zero reference on how siblings behave with each other, but is this normal sibling behavior?”
“What do you mean ‘what’? Why are all our employees holding out on the cops?” Steve demanded.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You, along with two other physicists whose name I cannot disclose at the moment, have been selected as the Nobel Laureates in Physics for 2012. Congratulations, Sir.”
Thirty minutes of waiting later, they were finally released. The TSA officer apologizing to them for not believing Bucky and complemented Bucky on his metal arm. They walked to where they thought the family would be waiting. When they couldn’t find anyone at the gate, they walked to the hangar where the jet was being refueled only to find an empty hangar. Bucky and Ulysses didn’t speak for a couple of moments, eyes squinting at the lack of airplane in the hangar and trying to figure out what was going on.
“One more push, Tony, one more push and you’re done. Come on, sweetheart. You can do it.”
“Yeah, Tony.” Steve hugged him tighter, “I’ll always have your back.”
Tony couldn’t believe how easy being with Steve was. He and Steve have been sitting in this booth at the Hukilau Cafe for god knows how long and they’ve yet to run out of things to talk about. Steve talked about his childhood, being uprooted from Brooklyn to Hawai’i because of his father’s job in the Marine Corps. He talked about at first, how much he hated being here, feeling like an outsider with no friend and no one else to rely on but his parents. But then slowly he made friends. There was the friend he met when he started elementary school, fellow Marine Corp brat, James Buchanan Barnes, who once they passed puberty refused to answer to anything other than “Bucky”. Then as he grew older he gained more friends: Jim Morita, lifelong Hawai’ian; Sam Wilson, whom he met as an undergrad at UH and now as a therapist for the VA, and many more.
So it came as a huge surprise when he moved to Hawai’i and somehow made friends with people who were not paid to befriend him.
“Dr. Stark?” a new voice sounded from the PA system, “are you still on the line?”
” Tony asked him, getting out of the car to take Ulysses’ backpack and buckle him up in the carseat.
As always, comments and kudos are loved and cherished <3 Besos
“I do want to do this, Papa. I have to. For some reason, I got this-- this power in me. The power to do something good, something that can make people’s lives better. And if bad things happen on my watch because I choose not to do anything about it when I can, then it’s on me. So I want to do this, Papa, Babbo. I want to help people.”
Strike three. You’re out.
Ulysses giggled, seeming to realize his mission to make his Papa smile was accomplished and focused his attention back on his food.
“It’s not something we can control, buddy.” Steve finally told him, stroking Ulysses long brown hair, “we can ask for it, but at the end of the day it’s all up to chance whether we get you a baby boy or a baby girl.”
“Oh for fuck’s sake,” Nick muttered to himself. He could feel a throb starting to build in the back of his head. These motherfuckers are gonna gave him an aneurysm by the end of the interviews.
“Really?” Loki asked incredulously, mouthing “dammit” silently as Thor’s shiny blue eyes was focused to the stage.
“Need to hit the books again,” Tony muttered, “Actually, there’s nothing to tell because I decided not to go. I mean, Steve needs me here. I’m just worried about going away for a year and ruining all the progress he’s made. I know you think I’m crazy, but I think deep down inside he’s starting to remember who I am.”
“I love you,” he whispered, “I love you so much, fella. Have I told you that today?”
“Last night, I went home a little before 3,” Thor started his report by opening the back door of the bar. He had pulled Steve aside to talk to him about what happened last night at the bar. The two Alphas were sequestered away from the rest of the bar. Steve sat astride Tony’s Audi as Thor went through recounting the events of last night.
“True.” Joe shrugged in agreement.
“I did! She didn’t want to hear about it. Said something about how she’s told me many times about her being a vegan and that I never remember anything she tells me. It’s not like she’s any better with remembering things. I had to tell her time and time again that strawberry flavored poptarts are my least favorite but she keeps buying it for me. What’s so hard about remembering a poptart flavor?”
But oranges were out. Meatballs were out, much to Tony’s disappointment. Watermelons were purged with extreme prejudice from the tower. Natasha couldn’t drink her beloved boba milk teas in front of Tony anymore now. He couldn’t do chemistry with Bruce because a part of the distillation apparatus was spherical. And sometimes when the perspective and lighting were just right, Tony couldn’t even look at Sam or Rhodey’s shaved head on account of it resembling a sphere too much.
“He’s making me another offer on the bar.” Tony answered for him.
“Lately whenever I talk to Jane, all we do is argue. We fight more than we talk to the point that I dread making a phone call to her because I know all we will do is argue. She’s coming here in two days for a conference and I can’t for the life of me be excited about that.” Thor looked up to them, his blue eyes stromy, “what should I do, friends? Is it time to end things?”
“You? Heartless?” Steve looked over to his mate. Tony was attempting to affect a nonchalant look, trying to seem as if Sharon’s words didn’t bother him, “Come on, what you are is Iceland. Cool and collected on the outside, but underneath it all, you’re volcano.” Steve smirked.
“Aye, aye, Captain.”
Which was how Joe found himself pacing back and forth in front of the music room, worried sick for his little brother and staring desperately at his phone, willing it to ring. He tried calling Peter earlier but the boy didn’t pick up. Then, Joe just chalked it up to the boy being in the middle of something urgent during patrol, but now it was starting to become worrisome.
There was a warm weight on his hand, holding his hand in their own, and Steve took comfort in its presence, tethering him to the real world so he wouldn’t slip back down under again. He couldn’t feel his limbs. Correction: he could feel some of his limbs. He could move his right hand, move them to squeeze the hand that was in his eliciting a gasp from the other person, but he couldn’t do the same with his left hand. What’s going on?
“Steve!”
“Done.”
Ulysses stared back at him for awhile, big eyes flickering back and forth on Thor’s face. There was a tense moment where everyone in the room seemed to be holding back their collective breaths until they heard a small voice said, “No.”
“In the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit.” Father Vincent continued, making the sign of the cross over Ulysses’ head. “Ulysses Rogers, go in peace. And may the Lord be with you. Amen.”
Spotting the politician, Steve strode over to where he was sitting with a glass of scotch. “So, the police think I committed the murder.”
“Shut up, asshole.” Tony covered Ulysses’ ears as he swore at Clint, “Steve and I haven’t been sexually active ever since this one starts teething.” he motioned down at Ulysses who seemed to be enraptured with the conversation taking place, moving his head in the direction of whoever’s talking. “Crying babies are the opposite of an aphrodisiac.”
Tony was starting to remember why even after eighteen years, they never had a family vacation together.
Groot flew them high above the raging sea monster who roared out in anger as they flew too high above his reach. Anthony watched in astonishment as for the first time in his life he was flying. Flying! Just as he always dreamed about doing. A giggle, small and unobtrusive, escaped his lips which turned into full blown laughter as he realized the ridiculousness of the situation he was in.
“Officer, I think there’s been a misunderstanding here. You’re confusing my uncle with someone else who happened have the same name as him.” Ulysses tried to ameliorate the situation.
“Implying that you are behind the murder and trying to scare me to sell. Ballsy move, pal.”
Ever since their vow renewal ceremony, Steve felt like they’ve become those newly-mated couples, regardless of the fact that they have been mated for 18 years. They have always been a loving couple, kissing, touching and initiating contact with each other whenever possible. Their kids would roll their eyes and make gagging sounds whenever they went out together and saw their parents holding hands and kissing like a teenaged couple that just started dating. It was all in good fun, Steve knew, he and Tony just sometimes couldn’t resist pulling their legs with their innocent displays of affections.
Everyone in the lobby stopped what they were doing in favor of looking at the superhero couple. Unaware of the staring, or perhaps just ignoring it, Captain Rogers placed Tony Stark back on his feet and started to help him walk towards the doors.
Because as Tony discovered first hand, being pregnant and giving birth was nothing compared to everything that came afterwards.
“Well I think she likes you. You should ask her out sometimes,” Steve said. He reached over picking a couple plump green grapes Joe bought at the market.
Tony chuckled, his voice sounded tremulous in Steve’s ears, “I wanted to kiss you too. I dreamed about you every single night, Steve. I want to be with you so much. And if we had more time, I want to spend the rest of my life loving you, being with you. I don’t ever wanna be without you ever again. I--” static started to break up their conversation, “--love--
to be. But after meeting Steven, Anthony didn’t know what was mythical and what was real anymore. Honestly he shouldn’t have been so surprised by anything that was happening in his life. The appearance of the sea monster should have been the primary clue that nothing in this world was ever as it seemed. Steven’s appearance in his life was a blessing, his existence a sign of the wonders that occured in this world away from prying eyes. Now Anthony wanted to know more, wanted to know everything there was to know about Steven and his life, how he came to cross paths with Anthony, what his family was like, what was it like to grow up as a demigod in a human’s world. So many questions to ask, Anthony was nothing if not curious and precocious. It’s what made him a good scientist and engineer.
, turned down a kiss from him. “That so? Well, I suppose I can just flip open the mask with my superstrength to see your sweet face inside that armor, can’t I?”
“I was just about to.” Steve said gently, then leaned forward to kiss Tony’s plush lips, drinking in the sweetness and the essence of Tony, committing the feel of Tony’s lips against his. And Tony responded so sweetly to him, opening his mouth to Steve’s ministrations and grabbing Steve’s arms with his gauntleted hands, pulling him closer, effectively deepening their kiss.
“He screamed like slutty girl number one on a B-horror movie,” Maria smirked. Natasha rolled her eyes at hearing Bruce’s reaction to a dead body. The situation only devolved from there with everyone insisting they didn’t kill anyone, Bruce still insisting he yelped, not scream and Barton not wanting to talk to cops because they would drug him and give him an anal probe.
Balking at the thought of having to share another wet and sticky kiss courtesy of overzealous lip gloss application on Stacy’s part, Tony immediately looked around for an exit strategy. Seeing a guy on a Jet Ski passing by, he immediately jumped at the chance to leave. Literally.
Steve nodded, “I understand. I don’t expect you to readily forgive him, Tony, of course not. Just knowing that you’ll give him a chance is enough for now.”
“Thank God for that. I think if it took any longer he might just run through the wall of medic wing and run all the way to the Tower.” Tony teased him, Steve rolled his eyes and bump their shoulders together.
“Bruce and Coulson found a bullet hole in my Belgian Corduroy coat,” Tony said in greeting, taking of his jacket and shoes as he entered the room.
Tony groaned and whined into Steve’s shoulder, “Too early.” Steve chuckled at him and rubbed his hands up and down Tony’s back. Tony made a pleased cooing sound and nuzzled closer to Steve, “Let’s go back to sleep. The kids won’t be awake for another few hours.”
“Well I’m telling you, you’re wrong. First, you’re as much as a dumb jock as yours truly, which is to say not at all. What kind of dumb jocks will be representing Midtown High in the New York Science Olympiad?”
“Well, obviously. We don’t need to state the obvious here, babe. Okay, fine, second best thing.” Tony conceded. God, how was Steve so handsome? All these years and he was still the best thing Tony had ever seen.
“Everyone’s Irish today, Steve. Not just you.” Clint helpfully pointed out, his words slurred. He looked ridiculous in a green t-shirt depicting the Leprechaun from the Lucky Charms cereal and wearing a sparkling green top hat.
“Of course, sweetheart.” Tony placate him, “no going to SeaWorld or any other aquariums with captive killer whales.”
So, they couldn’t have been more different: the outspoken critic and the apolitical person. Yet, these never seem to be an issue in their marriage. Tony knows Steve has no issue with his light interests in politics, and Steve knows that it isn’t as if Tony doesn’t care. He just has other things to concern himself with like trying to help Bruce solve the acceleration of dark energy expansion of the Universe before those snobby astrophysicists at CERN.
“You know I can’t do that.” Steve said, “Father, this is Tony, my mate, and Ulysses, our son.” Steve gestured towards Tony, standing beside him carrying Ulysses who was wide awake and seemed captivated by the stained glass decorating the church’s interior.
“Come here, babes.” Tony beckoned him, needing his boys close to him and patting the empty spot on the couch next to him. Steve obliged, arms slowly moving back and forth in a swinging motion to lull Ulysses to sleep and dropping down to the couch next to Tony. Ulysses’ eyes started to droop, satisfied with his latest meal. Tony immediately snuggled up to Steve and Ulysses, throwing his arm around Steve’s waist and nuzzling in closer to his mate.
“Yes. Congratulations, guys. He’s a bit on the small side, for now. But I’m confident we won’t have to deliver him early if Tony’s blood pressure stays under control like it is now.”
“It’s my pleasure, Tony, and an honor to be a part of this. Not everyone gets to say they delivered Captain America and Iron Man’s children, do they?” Dr. Rosenberg winked at them.
“Okay, to be fair, that first one was more of a scare. Nothing bad happened, and I carried the baby to term.”
The baby was still crying, his eyes were closed and he was still covered in mucus, blood and other bodily fluids, but he was still a beautiful sight in Tony and Steve’s eyes. “You’re so beautiful,”
“Hmm,” Tony smiled and nestled closer to Steve, kissing his lips softly, “say yes. You have loving parents, Steve. And I don’t want the legacy of their kindness and generosity to stop with you. I want it to continue long after we’re gone. Everyone knows who my parents are-- they have buildings named after them, but your parents don’t have that-- and I want our children to know them too, to know that their legacy was more than fame and fortune. That they’re also descended from people who dedicated their lives to serve others. ”
“Ain’t he some kind of mobster type?” Fury joined in, “has his finger in every pie?”
“What? What does that have to do with anything?”
“Okay, guys. This is it.” Tony addressed the helper bots, “if this doesn’t work, it’s been an honor,” he saluted the bots. DUM-E chirped back, while U and Butterfingers nodded their handles. Tony then turned the ignition that started the power coils, initiating the particle accelerator. Machine sounds started to fill the workshop and the house. The power coils groaned as the particles within started to accelerate.
“Sure, you don’t wanna put that in?”
“And you don’t look a day over twenty five!” he exclaimed.
Steve acknowledged her with a nod, “Good. Suit up.”
“I love you, Tony, so much,” Steve murmured, blue eyes shining with love and affection that even after eighteen years, Tony was still in awe that all of that was for him, “thank you for making my dreams come true.”
“Hi,” Jamie greeted him after he settled in his seat, a tray of food containing his usual lunch picks of toasted ravioli, marinara sauce, an apple and water was placed in front of him, “Lunch?”
“Please,” Tony scoffed, “no son of mine would ever be named Howard. One Howard Stark in the history of the world is more than enough. And now you made me say his name in our bed, ugh, Steve...”
Steve smiled, “Nothing’s broken or exploded while I’m away?”
“The last time Sir went into REM cycle was seventy-two hours ago, Captain.”
“Oh, you have a house here?” Steve asked.
Steve winked at Tony and proceeded to complete suiting up. With the body armor on, he proceeded to stepped into the trousers. That done, he slid on the fingerless leather gloves he preferred for better handling of the shield. Steve was wearing the stealth suit, admittedly, his favorite version of the suits Tony made for him. It happened to be Tony’s favorite too. According to Tony, it brought out the blue in his eyes and made his hair shine even brighter than usual.
“I can’t believe you knew that was from Frozen.”
been suffering? What about us?”
One of the good things about Tony being pregnant was that their already amorous relationship became even more so. They couldn’t keep their hands off each other before, but now it became a no holds barred type of thing. Steve suspected it was because he saw the proof of his virility in Tony’s pregnancy, the proof of this beautiful, alluring omega belonging to him, carrying his child, that he was so ready to make love to Tony almost all the time. Today was no exception.
Two planets would never intersect the same orbit. But when it came to him and Jamie, they just might.
Joe smiled, “Sure, Peebee. You need anything? I’ll get you a cold compress, okay?” Joe said again, “Babbo’s not home. Auntie Pep kidnapped him to the factory in Long Island. Papa’s plane is landing soon. I’ll ask him to make his famous chicken noodle soup for you.”
“Okay, Tony, okay, let’s go to them. Thor, can you please?” Steve gestured at Clint who was still stumbling around drunkenly on the bar counter.
“Spam and Reese’s,” a voice Tony never expect to ever heard again his life answered for him, “Sue and Nick sent their best.”
“Sirs, Masters Ulysses, Joe and Peter have arrived from school. They’re inquiring as to your whereabouts.” JARVIS interrupted the comfortable silence they’ve immersed themselves in.
As always, comments and kudos are really appreciated. I cherish and adore every single comments I got. Reading them brings a smile to my face every time without fail.
“Jerk.” Steve chuckled, bumping their shoulders together, “I have a pretty smart mate.”
“And how much do we really know about how the human brain works, huh?” Rhodey interjected, “you can’t tell me that all the possible ways the brain works have been studied and discovered. The brain works in mysterious ways, Tony.” Tony was silent for a while. What Rhodey was saying did cross his mind one time, but Dr. Erskine completely shot that theory down before it could be tested and dashing all of Tony’s hopes in having Steve remember him, however fleeting it was.
Steve’s first instinct was to go to him, but another part of him called on him to go upstairs to see his baby boy first. Which was what he decided to do in the end, Tony would understand and JARVIS assured him that no one was harmed during whatever disagreement they had earlier.  “JARVIS, could you take me up to see Ulysses, please?”
Steve cleared his throat as to alert the boys of their presence and the boys had the decency to sheepishly grin at their parents.
“Corned beef sandwich. Was thinking we could have some corned beef and cabbage for dinner later.”
JR: my parents found out that peter was spiderman
Everyone in the room looked alarmingly in his direction. Steve looked shocked, his grip on his beer glass loosening. Natasha was blinking silently, processing what happened. Bruce seemed to be the only one alert and was moving to grab his cellphone.
“Clint, language!” Steve admonished him.
“You know, Peebee, you should start taking your own advice. Just take a leap of faith.” Joe told him kindly. He spotted Jamie by his locker talking with Aaron, but when Jamie spotted him and Peter, he said something to Aaron and headed their way.
Loki looked up at the bartender from where he was despondently nursing his glass of scotch, “Means nothing to me-- a best-selling pulp-crap crime novelist. I trade in death daily. Theoretically.” He downed his scotch in one go.
“Hey, don’t blame yourself, it’s not your fault.” Jamie placed his hand on his shoulder and Joe reflexively leaned back into the warm and comforting presence of the boy, “You knew this could have happened, that’s the reason why you lo-jacked Peter, wasn’t it? You saved him, Joe. He would have been there for hours if it weren’t for you.”
“Hey Boss, I like Spam and Reese’s. Can I have it?” Quill was still holding the box containing Spam and Reese’s.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Clint,” Steve complained, his face set in that disapproving frown that reminded Bucky of Sarah, “use a glass, please.” he pushed an empty glass to his teammate which Clint took grumbling all the way.
Tony walked further, needing the mindless motion of moving his feet to balance the gears of his mind trying to work through his dilemmas. He walked down the National Mall, and kept walking farther away until he arrived at the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting pool, passing it by in favor of the actual Memorial. This far away from the metro area and at this late at night, the Memorial was blessedly empty of tourists and people around. As he walked up the steps of the Memorial, only one National Parks Services personnel was around surveying the place. He left soon after, leaving Tony alone in the hallowed grounds of the Lincoln Memorial.
That's it folks! Thanks for sticking around!
“Later,” Steve nipped his bottom lip, his smile was the one that promised many a pleasurable things in Tony’s future. That smile meant by the end of the night Tony’s voice would be hoarse from screaming out Steve’s name repeatedly.
Jamie said those words with such conviction. Joe could feel the love and affection in his voice, those violet gaze searing with how intense it seemed to be gazing at him. Joe was 95% sure that just one shift in their posture was gonna light the whole thing up on fire. But Joe was curious guy, his curiosity once led to him adding water to sulfuric acid even after he knew that it would cause a highly exothermic reaction that would flame up the acid. The resulting explosion was frightening, yet exhilarating, fascinating and left an indelible mark on him for the rest of his life when some of the exploding acid splashed onto his left arm.
, I was there when it happened.” Tony chuckled nervously, “what I meant was I didn’t know how it’s possible for us to get pregnant again with me, like this, you know?”
“No scotch tonight?”
“We’d be honored if you were to become one of Ulysses’ godfathers, Colonel.” Steve continued, purposefully using Rhodey’s rank because Tony had told him before how much of a Captain America fanboy Rhodey was. Although no one could top Tony as the ultimate, number one, super duper Captain America fan. He bore Captain America’s son, okay. No other fan could even come close to that.
That seemed to calm them down as they settled back down to their original position. Natasha smiled softly at him and squeezed his shoulder. She looked tired and downtrodden, Clint too. His usual mischievous nature was notably absent from his gaze and his demeanour.
“Stacy? I thought her name was Shania,”
“Steve, we could be celebrating Christmas at a foxhole in the Eastern front right now and I would be happy with it. As long as I’m celebrating it with you, I don’t care about anything else.” Natasha said, then seeming to rethink her words she added, “well actually, spending Christmas Eve at a foxhole would be awful. I wouldn’t wish that on my worst enemy.”
“Hmm, I don’t generally endorse manipulation by the Fates or anyone else, but if the end result is meeting you, I’m finding it hard to be upset by such blatant display of manipulation.” Anthony said, directing his smile at Steven. Seeing his beautiful and happy face, Steven was finding it hard to be too upset. If one thing in that chain of events that lead to him meeting Anthony was missed, he wouldn’t have been here. He wouldn’t have a chance of meeting this wonderful man, holding him in his arms and if Anthony would still have him, marry him and bind themselves to each other for the rest of their days.
“Couldn’t have said it better myself.”
“He’s my brother, man. And I want to see him get his cheese. See his face on buses.”
“Oh yeah, because that’s reassuring. It’s either the boys babysitting Clint or Clint babysitting. Either way what could go wrong?”
, because if he hadn’t been a petty brat that night, would he have been able to save Mom and die in her place?
“You’ll agree to let me pay for our next date night. And you have to let me teach you hand-to-hand combat skills.”
Tony wanted to stand up and introduce himself to the man, this Adonis he found in some random cafe by the side of a highway, but something stayed him. Just then, the old Japanese man sitting next to him piped up, “Are you staring at me or him? ‘Cause you’re starting to freak me out,”
At the reminder of his previously heroic deed, Steven blushed and hurriedly nodded at Anthony’s request. “Right, we should leave. This is no place to be in.” Steven started to guide Anthony towards where Groot was patiently standing on the beach, pawing the sands with his hooves and looking very interested at the way the sand would give way to his hooves anytime he stomped down.
“Hush, darling. You were scared for my life, your actions are understandable. And Ulysses wasn’t alone, Bucky came for him. Nothing would have happened to him because we have a strong support system.” Tony assured him, leaning back further into him and placing one of Steve’s hand on top of the slight bump of his stomach, “we’re all still here, Steve. We’re still together. And I know how hungry you are, you haven’t eaten anything the entire time you were here. Your muscles must be screaming for food right now.”
“Hmm,” Anthony hummed and settled closer at Steven’s side, “so now, you’re to bring that head back to Seriphos?”
------
willingly bound himself to me for the rest of their lives.”
“He looks local. And you know my rule,”
Their moment of intimacy was interrupted by a squeal and Joe grabbing both of their cheeks and Ulysses running over to them, crashing into Steve’s legs, and demanding, “Kisses fo’ me too!”
“Okay, okay, Tony. Settle down, sweetheart, settle down,” Steve placate him, gently pulling Tony to him, wrapping him up in an embrace.
Steve ended up drinking with them for a bit, after Sam told him he had to try a new way to drink Guinness by adding a shot of Baileys to his beer. It was actually pretty good and he ended up demolishing a whole six pack by himself. Tony kept making moon eyes at his drink, but Steve steered him clear by refilling his champagne glass with more orange juice so he didn’t feel left out. The “party” petered out after awhile. Clint ended up laying down on the floor (I’m just taking a break, Tasha) and Sam left for his floor to sober up and go to another party thrown by a buddy of his from the Air Force.
“Tony,” Steve sounded so sad that Tony ached to hug him even after everything, “how could you even think that? Tony, you’re the love of my life. When you died, the only thing I wanted to do was curl up inside your casket and be buried with you,” Tony shook his head at Steve’s assertion. No, no, Steve couldn’t do that. He was worth so much more than Tony. The world needed Steve, not Tony, “I will love you no matter what you do, no matter what form you take. You think our love so shallow that it couldn’t survive you being reborn as a man? Tony--” Steve huffed and seemed annoyed as he hauled Tony to him, tucking Tony’s face in the crook of his neck, which Tony was more than happy to be. “Still so stubborn, even after all these years.”
“You wanna go there? I have my car with me today.”
. See you tomorrow.”
“His doctors said that’s not the case.” Tony shook his head, “That’s just what we want to believe.”
After walking for 2 miles, he reached the diner sporting a banner proclaiming to be the Hukilau Cafe. Tony went inside, and sat on the counter. He checked his phone while waiting to be served. Nothing noteworthy going on in the world, Happy was still on the way, and the angry text he sent Natasha blaming her about his car breaking down was only answered with laughing emoji.
“Tony! Tony! Tony, please!” Steve pleaded to him, tears streamed down his face as he kneeled on the streets, debris and smoke and fire surrounding him from the fight that just occured, as he felt his heart being ripped out of his chest again. “Tony…please don’t leave me...” he whispered futilely.
” Peter was close to pleading if only to shut down this whole conversation.
“Tony, honey? Honey, you’re okay. You’re safe, you’re with me now. You’re in Avengers Tower with me. Clint and Sam are here too,” Steve soothed, trying what he always did whenever Tony had a panic attack. It doesn’t seem to work, however. Tony remained still, his breathing elevated.
“Tony, come on.” Steve rolled his eyes at Tony’s antics.
“Subtle too, just like someone,” Steve said under his breath, earning him a jostle from Tony.
Ulysses was the perfect baby. Aside from his birth, he hardly cried and seemed to delight in being held by people. Once Tony had been transferred to the recovery room for the remainder of his stay at the hospital, the Avengers jubilantly entered the room carrying a cornucopia of gifts. Clint was carrying a pink balloon sporting an “It’s a Girl!” logo with the word Girl crossed out haphazardly with a black sharpie and “Boy” written on top of it instead. Bruce was carrying a huge white stuffed bunny in his hand, along with Natasha who was carrying a bouquet of flowers. Thor had somehow smuggled his Asgardian mead to the hospital and Sam looked worn down but excited at the same time. Tony looked at his family and thought how one year ago he would be celebrating Saint Patrick’s Day the way he usually did, by ignoring it. By this year, and many more years to come, Saint Patrick’s Day would be marked by the birth of his son and symbolizing the day his life, and his family, was finally complete. Looking over at his mate by his side with a soft smile that hasn’t left his face ever since Ulysses was born, and the ragtag bunch of misfit superheroes he called family, Tony Stark has never been happier.
When Steve retrieved a black leather jacket from one of the compartments attached to the bike, Tony whimpered softly. Steve in a black leather jacket looking like some kind of avenging Hell’s Angel was more than his brain could handle in one day.
So Tony’s morning sickness was gone, Steve was with him every step of the way and his pack was there too. Tony felt invincible. Well as invincible as a pregnant omega could be. He should have known that nothing in his life would be that easy.
“They just finished cleaning the down twenty minutes ago. Starting on the skin grafts now.” Bucky chimed in. “God, Stevie, what have you gotten yourself into that you need skin grafts? This is even worse than the time he picked a fight with a Klan member and got his jaw fucked up.” he shook his head in dismay.
of them, it was possible to achieve great things. Jamie was everything Joe remembered from middle school. That shy, smart boy who wasn’t afraid to stand up to bullies and treated everyone with respect regardless of their orientation. Joe was in trouble. He was falling for Jamie at terminal velocity, and there was no going back.
Steve rolled his eyes at the two of them, standing back up and walking over to Tony. “I’ll be back soon. Don’t blow anything up while I’m away.” He kissed Tony and caressed his stomach, the bump was barely visible under the loose Iron Maiden shirt Tony was wearing.
“The murdered guy-- I had a conversation with him.” Clint confessed.
“Yikes. But, but he still likes me, though? You said so.”
“Did I say head over heels? I meant head over feet. Although technically that would have been the same thing, but--”
Tony reached out to squeeze Steve’s hand in his own before letting it go. The Alpha’s hand is cold, the room was being kept at lower than room temperature to balance Steve’s higher than usual body temperature. “You need to wake up for me, soldier. We’re so close.”
“You know that’s not true. Steve needs you, he needs your presence. You’re just smarting right now because you think Barnes is more important to him than you are.”
To pull off two weeks vacation, Tony had to work well into the night and sometimes into the morning, taking care of loose ends in the twenty five year model of the arc reactor project. Not to mention he had to debug some of the codes for the software used in the medical devices produced by Stark Med Tech. On top of that, Maria brought up some security concerns for the Avengers facility, so Tony had to upgrade the encryptions for the security system. All in all, the week before their vacation he was firmly ensconced in the workshop. He barely saw Steve or any of his children, other than when Steve or Ulysses would go down and retrieve him for dinner or to bring him some snacks or a cup of coffee. Joe sometimes came down too, asking him advices for a new cochlear implant he was working on. The boy was probably the single leading authority in auditory systems by this point, even more so than practicing ENTs. Tony was seriously so proud of Joe. He was so kind and generous and selfless. Ever since he found out of Clint’s hearing impediment, the boy seemed to have made it his life’s mission to ease his godfather’s woes by inventing better devices to help him hear.
“I should be the one taking care of you. Not the other way around,” Steve said sullenly, gesturing at the bump of Tony’s stomach.
Thor and Jarvis finally arrived for the night with Sharon driving the two former prisoners back to the bar they worked in. As the night went on, more patrons arrive at the bar. The Wrecking Crew had finished their soundcheck and were now having drinks at the bar.
“The internal energy of an isolated system is constant.”
“I know,” Natasha’s lips quirked up in a fond smile.
“I’m telling you, me redesigning your entire catalogue of suits was the best thing that ever happened to you. That nightmare Coulson made you wear the first time we met was a travesty. I’m sure I wasn’t the only who thought so.” Tony said from his position on his work desk, Ulysses on his lap with a pencil and drafting paper in his hand.
Steve sighed. He had a feeling he’d be sighing a lot in this trip.
(“Hmm, I don’t know, Sourpuss. There are just so many other names to choose from.”
“Fuck you, asshole. I saved my paychecks to buy your laudanum and this is how you repay me?” Bucky retched into the toilet bowl again, Natasha at his side holding hair back and rubbing his back.
“Jamie!” Peter squeaked out, not expecting to see his schoolmate and his big brother’s forever crush standing in front of him. Nice Blond Lady was Jamie’s mom. Oh God. It was a small world, after all.
“Or girl.” Tony added. They smiled again at each other. Steve pulled Tony closer, pressing their foreheads together to revel in their combined scents, that now included the scent of their child. A new life they created together. And Steve was eager to start this new chapter in their lives together. With the presence of this child, a new person that embodied the best of him and Tony, their family was finally complete.
And it was Tony who was hugging him and stroking his hair gently, comfortingly, whispering soft encouraging words to him and apologizing for something that was not his fault. Steve hugged Tony closer, tighter, not finding the proper words to express the mess of emotions warring in his chest right now. But hoping, hoping against all hopes, that Tony knew he wasn’t to blame. No one was to blame. Only fate.
“Peebee…” Joe whispered hoarsely, “
Forgetful Stevie...your lips are so damned juicy
“Happy birthday, dear Dad! Happy birthday to you!” Steve, Bucky and Joe were all gathered in the small dining table at the kitchen wearing party hats that looked comical on three grown men. A pineapple upside down cake that was made and decorated with candles by Steve was on the table in front of Joe. As the song came to an end, Joe took it as his cue to blow out the candles. Steve clapped as he successfully blow out all the candles in one breath and hugged him.
Steven flushed redder at the compliment, “I assure you, Your Highness, you’re still very much alive and the sea monster that meant to eat you is still down there. Care to tell me what the story behind all of this is?”
“Like hell!”
“Just doing what needs to be done, Ma’am,” Peter chirped in cheerfully. This was why he did this. Helping people and making them feel safe was all the thanks he needed.
Clint came up to him next. The hugged and he heard Clint whispering something to him. “What was that, buddy?”
The family picture on the mantle had been updated several times over. Where before there was only them and Ulysses, now they had five children in the pack to love and fuss over. It was perfect.
JW: WTH
“Will you two let me do some of the crime solving, please?” Sharon said. With her pen, she reached in to the speaker to hook the gun by the trigger and pulled it out. “Saturday Night Special. Totally disposable.”
“Why is it so hard for your mate to see the way the world works?” Pierce directed his question at Tony, who has silently let them continue their acts of Alpha male posturing, while he continued to enjoy his breakfast.
So the Winter Soldier was free to do as he pleased. And what he wanted was to understand what had happened to him and determine what he needed to do after that. Once he tied up all of the loose ends, he headed to the one place that he thought would be a safe haven for a wayward assassin like him, the Avengers Tower.
Tony woke up slowly, his head felt thick like he’d been swimming in molasses. His head was throbbing and pounding, he hadn’t felt this way in awhile. It felt like he just drink a fifth of Vodka and did some drugs on the side then came down in the worst way possible. He felt himself groan in pain, his head moving on the soft surface it was resting on in search for something to soothe the pain when he felt hands gently carding through his thick brown hair. It felt so good, especially when those hands started to scratch his scalp just the way he liked it. Tony wasn’t ashamed to admit he purred a little bit. But this whole thing seemed odd. He shouldn’t be relaxing in bed, having his hair stroked to complacency with such affection by someone who smelled so good, like sandalwood and teak and musk and everything nice under the sun. Tony nuzzled closer to the hand on his hair, willing whoever it was to pet him some more. Tentatively, Tony opened his eyes, squinting against the dim lighting of the room. As his gaze focused, he found himself gazing up into the worried gaze of one Steve Rogers. Steve Rogers who apparently had been the one stroking Tony’s hair.
“Natasha.”
“Okay, okay, I get it. I’m not heartless.” Tony cut Steve off, his face blushing faintly. After all these years, he still wasn’t used to getting praises from his Alpha. “And don’t think I didn’t notice that you used logic on me, soldier.” Tony smiled sweetly as he placed his hand to run his caress Steve’s cheeks with his thumb. Steve shamelessly leaned in to his Omega’s touch, eager to feel his comforting touch after a long day.
Popcorn was made for all and they settled in to watch the movie. Tony and Steve took the couch as usual, Natasha sitting next to Tony with one of the popcorn bowls placed on top of Tony’s pregnant belly despite Steve’s look of disapproval. Thor and Bruce took the love seat, with Sam in one of the recliners and Clint sprawled out on the carpeted floor.
“The safe? You think he wanted to rob us?”
Through it all, father and son stuck close together. Steve didn’t see a reason to move out of his family home, preferring to stay close to his Dad. And with the addition of James (Joe wasn’t gonna call that kid anything but the name his mama gave him, alright) fresh out of the service, still shell-shocked and missing a limb, Joe’s house was full. While they’re not the perfect nuclear family people saw on TV, it’s pretty damn perfect in Joe’s world.
“But you ordered it…”
From behind the two-way mirror, Bucky and Sharon watched the whole encounter with discerning eyes. “Still think it could be him?” he asked Sharon.
Bruce chuckled, “It’s an expression, Thor. Tony’s upset that you didn’t extend the lunch invitation to him too.”
“Because you have to understand that there is no future with me!” Steve shouted at Tony’s retreating back. “Don’t you wanna have a family, marriage and children?”
“Clint, you’ve done worse than just lying down on the flower fields and kissing,” Natasha told him, “that penis statue you insisted on putting on the flatlands was an abomination.”
Joe was still coughing in his arms but his breathing seemed to go back to normal, still hitching periodically. That was a close call, Steve closed his eyes in relief. They almost lost Joe and all because he was too preoccupied with his own plans. Steve hugged his son closer, pressing a kiss to his hair.
“No,” Steve gasped out, “never a burden.”
“I don’t think Steve would go for that.” Rhodey shook his head amusedly.
“Yes. James Buchanan Barnes.”
Tony looked away from the holograph to him so fast, his neck hurt from whiplash. “What? No, I’m not! Am I?”
“You think one of us is the killer?” Phil Coulson, the bartender, asked from the back of the booth. Sharon spared him a glance, putting her hands on her hips in answer to the rhetorical question that was posed.
“Uh-huh. It fits! Because Joe also has yellow hair and blue eyes. And he’s the joy and the laughter because he laughs a lot.”
And Steve, well he made it his new life’s mission to ensure Tony’s health and safety. He hardly left Tony’s side, aside from unavoidable engagements. He stopped doing missions, choosing to delegate them to Bucky or Sam in his stead. Tony had no complaints, he was more than happy to be able to spend each of his waking moments with Steve even if all they could do was count down the minutes before Tony get to turn to his left side after ten minutes lying on his right side.
That floored Bucky a little bit. Stevie has a son now. When they were younger, he would have never imagined this. Hell, the fact that he managed to get Steve to live past eighteen was a badge of honor in his book. But here he was now, probably the healthiest human being on the planet and with everything to live for.
Tony and Steve chuckled at their son’s assertion.
My apologies for the late update. I guess I was just feeling meh about this story since there wasn't that many kudos and comments on it, so I thought no one was interested, and I worked on other stories instead.
Steve broke their kiss much to Tony’s dismay and Tony whined to express his dissatisfaction. “Steve--”
“Yes, Steven?”
“Steve, Steve, honey, come here.” he beckoned him. Steve wasted no time, crowding up the side of Tony’s hospital bed, enveloping them in his embrace. He scented his child, and felt Steve did the same, then felt a kiss pressed to his forehead. Steve’s eyes were closed, immersing himself in the combined scent of his child and his mate. At this moment, Steve felt complete. Every missing pieces he used to feel disappeared, leaving only the happiness and love he felt being with Tony and Ulysses.
And for the first time in a long time, Steve felt hope.
“Nope, not a clue,” Bucky mumbled.
“It’s irrational, I know, I know. My brain with all of its intelligence and power isn’t always rational, okay?”
“Our family.” Steve whispered. Tony hummed in answer, watching their family cooed and made funny noises at their sleeping baby. Bruce seemed uncertain with what to do, his hands were folded behind his back, though his expression was affectionate and fond. Sam was cooing at his son and Thor had the brightest smile on his face. His blue eyes seemed to be shining with happiness and awe, a big thumb softly caressing Ulysses’ cheek as he muttered something that sounded foreign to Tony and Steve’s ears. Something Asgardian perhaps? They’d have to ask him about that later. Clint was crowding Natasha, asking her for a chance to hold Ulysses himself. By the look Natasha shot him, it’d be awhile before the redhead would be willing to part with her nephew.
“Disappeared?”
“Good morning,” the tall blonde woman said, flashing her badge to him, “I’m Detective Carter, NYPD.”
Tony grimaced. Nice analogy there, Tony.
“Uh, Tony? What are you doing?” Sam asked, eyebrows raised at Tony’s peculiar display.
“No. It was Natasha.” Now, Steve couldn’t hold back his surprise, he had to take his eyes off the road to look directly at his mate, mouth gaping the whole time.
this time!”
“Still the best looking grandpa out there though.” Tony smooched his cheek.
, Natasha thought.
“I heard you the first two thousand times, Tony,” Tony stuck his tongue out at him like the mature Omega that he was. Steve was putting on his cologne in the bathroom. He wasn’t sure what kind of place they were going to, but just to be on the safe side he wore a grey henley that might be a tad tight around his pectorals and dark wash jeans. And if he knew that this was Tony’s favorite outfit on him, then that just showed how well Steve knew his mate.
“To be fair, a skrull wouldn’t tell us he’s a skrull.” Sam added, “but yeah, what’s up, dude? You’ve been short tempered and snappish with everyone.”
But over the break there were so many comments (!!), I'm so touched and encouraged by each and every one of your comments, so thank you for making me want to write again! I love you all!!
And that’s not Jamie being a hopeless romantic, that’s just physics. It’s inevitable and undeniable.
Steve laughed at Tony’s whining, “I’m sorry, sweetheart. Diaper duty’s on me for the foreseeable future.”
” he clambered up to Thor’s lap, grinning sunnily at his uncle.
Tony would be troubled by the fact that his ass has gotten bigger, if not for the fact that Steve liked them so much. Whenever they were alone, he would always be touching or fondling it. Apparently Steve was an ass man. Oh well, as long as Steve liked it. No one’s opinions on his body should matter more than his Alpha’s. Steve didn’t seem to mind that Tony’s body was not the same as it once was, whispering to his ears when they were in bed that it’s proof that Tony has given him the greatest treasure of his life, and that Tony would always be beautiful to him no matter what. And that was enough to make Tony shed a tear, and not give a damn about what anyone else in the world thought.
“No, Master Peter. The Tower is as structurally sound as it has always been. Any changes that occurred overnight happened with you, Sir.”
He had been away for ten days. Ten excruciating days away from Tony. He knew that back during the war they would be separated for weeks at a time during missions. Hell, their relationship started as a two-year long distance relationship. One would think they would be used to separations by now, but no, it just made them hate being separated even more.
Clint and Quill managed to get some tourist into the booth with them. Tony thought the guy was good looking enough. He had that nice smile that he must have spent a good amount of money on, and blond hair that Tony couldn’t help compare to Steve’s. He started to remember that sometimes Steve’s hair would turn a darker shade, almost brown, if his hair was wet. Like it did when it was soaked with rain that night when they broke up three months ago.
It had been a week since Jane visited the Avengers. A week since Steve and Tony was dragged on a disastrous double date with them. After that double date, nobody has seen much of Thor nor the astrophysicist he was dating. They only knew Jane left from JARVIS when Tony asked him to inform Thor and Jane that breakfast was ready one morning and the AI informed them all that Dr. Foster has left last night.
Steve shrugged, “Why should I be surprised? You’re one of the most brilliant scientific minds on the planet. Frankly, I’m more surprised they haven’t called sooner.”
“Is that why you refuse to have a hair cut? So you can grow your hair out like Blossom?” Tony placed a plate of waffles in front of him, already cut up in bite size squares.
“Okay, please. What is the point?” Steve asked imploringly.
“YES!!” Tony cheered. From the peanut gallery, the bots were chirping and whirring in excitement taking his cue.
“There’s a lot to like, Dad.” Steve smiled softly, reaching for the pineapple and setting it on the table. It’s firm enough that it wouldn’t turn to mush when he baked it for the Upside Down pineapple cake he always made for Dad’s birthday, “since we’re not going to pick a pineapple for your birthday, promise me we’re going for Thanksgiving.”
He must have zoned out for awhile because when he came back Steve was in front of him, shouldering his backpack and training bag. “I’ll be back late tonight, Dad. I’ve asked Mrs. Hasegawa to check on you. Call me if you need anything, okay?”
“Okay,” Steve sighed, “where is your brother?” He hadn’t seen Ulysses since they passed through security.
Peter made quick work on the mugger, snatching the knife from his hand with his web and pinning the guy to the side wall of the alley and strung him up with his web. “Are you alright, Ma’am?” Peter asked her afterwards.
...only to see a strange man, who was apparently the one who greeted him, sleeping in his bed with him. Steve had no idea who he was, how he got here and what he was doing in his bed. So Steve did the only thing he could think of: Steve screamed bloody murder and jumped out of the bed.
So now, Tony’s days were spent puttering around in the workshop with his baby (babies), not so discreetly spying on his mate. He converted a corner of his workshop for a play area where he placed Ulysses’ cot and a playpen. The small fridge that used to house various liquors and wines were now devoid of alcohol and filled with bottles upon bottles of breastmilk and water. Tony wondered what his old self would think looking at how domesticated he was these days. A billionaire trophy wife, a title he would wear proudly, thank you very much. Looking at Ulysses playing with building blocks with DUM-E’s assistance, he couldn’t help but not give a damn about what his old self or anyone would think if they saw him now. He’d go through all of it again, even Afghanistan, even knowing the truth of his parents’ demise, if at the end he could have Ulysses and Steve. That little boy personified the future generation, and he was the reason Tony got out of bed every morning, his reason to keep working and his reason to establish this new foundation.
Then she walked to the baby area to play with Ulysses, sitting on the floor with him and quietly stacking blocks with him, murmuring Russian endearments whenever Ulysses did something silly and cute. At first, seeing Nat interacted with Ulysses was bizzare since the spy wasn’t very fond of sharing her inner thoughts and emotions, instead relying on a facade of cold calculation and indifference. But now they knew better. Natasha “love is for children” Romanov adored her nephew and just like everyone else, she would be the first line of defense should anything threatened the little boy.
“Miscarriage?” Tony deflated at that, all the fight went out of his body and he slumped backwards onto the bed.
“Well, Phil’s cello was very romantic and it made me feel horny,” Clint started. Coulson started to blush, urging his new boyfriend to skip all the gory details, “Whoa! I think we should just skip ahead.”
“This novel, it-- it’s more than something to read for me, Tony. It gave me strength to carry on in a war zone, when everything was devoid of hope. Just for awhile, when I’m reading this book, I get to imagine I wasn’t in some bombed out church in Northern France or Germany. For a time, I get to imagine I’m in Dublin, living peacefully with nothing to worry about. And I’d like to think it led me to you. I would have given up after Bucky’s death and after I woke up in that fake room SHIELD built for me, but then I remembered a passage in it that said,” Steve gestured at the battered book in his hand, “‘
“So change the design then.” Bucky interjected from his position on the loveseat across Tony.
“Says the dude with the dead body in his bathroom.” Wilson’s brother countered.
A week later, Tony had a working prototype of a particle accelerator in his house. The Kahala mansion was just a shell of a house by now. Metal coils protrude from walls, spiraling from Tony’s basement, upwards towards the ground floor and the second floor. Based on his calculations, it would be sufficient to accelerate one hydrogen particle and one helium particle. The modifications he included within the accelerator should be sufficient to prevent an uncontrolled chain reaction and allowing for exothermic energy to be harvested for power source. This miniaturized particle accelerator would be sufficient to perform proof-of-concept experiment to be scaled up later on.
“What are you making?” Joe asked, making his presence known to his son.
Steve shook his in disappointment, “Honey, you’re not sleeping, all because you have this-- this obsession with building the suits. And I don’t understand, Tony. Please, just talk to me. Help me understand why you have to do this. Please don’t shut me out.” Steve pleaded with his lover.
“And one of my godfathers is an alien too, so it’s just another Wednesday in the Rogers household.” They laughed for a bit before Peter solemnly said, “Thanks, Jamie, for keeping my secret. You’re a good guy, I guess now I see why Joe is so head over heels for you.” Peter clapped his hands in front of his mouth the moment he realized what just came out of it, eyes wide with the realization that he just blabbed his big brother’s deepest secrets to the one person who was never supposed to know about it.
“Oh, Steve, don’t be too hard on yourself. I know you love me, I can feel it deep in my bones. Some days, or rather most days, it’s the only thing I’m certain of. I’m in this for the long haul, soldier. A little grouchiness from you isn’t going to deter me.” Tony bumped their foreheads softly together. “If death can’t even keep us apart, I don’t think anything could.”
“Anthony of Stark, crown prince of Aethiopia. And right now there’s a giant sea serpent waiting to eat me as a sacrifice for Poseidon.” Anthony gestured at the looming form of Cetus who had broken to the surface and was now fast advancing towards them. Steven seemed shocked, but moved fast, grabbing Anthony by the waist and rushed towards his flying steed and the next thing Anthony knew he was clutching at Steven’s waist whilst flying above the ocean astride the flying horse.
“I never seem to have a reason to, I guess. I never knew him. He died before I was born in the Great War. Mustard gas attack was what they told Ma.”
As he gazed down at the beloved face of his son, he felt an overwhelming sense of love and protectiveness. There was nothing he wouldn’t do for his son, his life would be the least of whatever he would give up for him.
, Tony told Steve) pregnancy.
paternity leave to its employees. Other than the excellent health insurance, it was one of the many things that led to low employee turnovers at the company. SI offered twelve weeks of paid maternity/paternity leave. But now, Tony was starting to think that maybe they should be like Germany and offered up to three years of parental leave.
Tony was one of the most selfless man Natasha knew, and although he was not a man without faults it made her heart ache to see such a good man. Knowing how much he has gone through in his life, absentee parents and the betrayal of his mentor, just made her sympathize for her boss even more.
“Dim sum sounds good.” Steve agreed.
Peter was the baby of the family. A year younger than Joe, he took after Tony, from his brown hair and eyes, to his amazing ability to ramble, his exuberant nature and his love for science. He was a sweet kid, generous to a fault and smart just like his Babbo. Peter was Papa’s baby boy. As a baby, Peter wouldn’t tolerate being held by anyone other than Steve and Tony. He would cry if he was being held by anyone other than Steve or Tony and at times even seemed to prefer Steve to Tony. Tony said it was because Steve was the one who delivered Peter himself, and later saved his life by clearing out his airway by sucking up the afterbirth that was clogging his nose and throat, so Peter could take his first breath. Steve wouldn’t say that Peter was his favorite, because that wasn’t true, he loved all his sons equally, but he just had a different bond with Peter than he did with Ulysses and Joe. It might also be due to the fact that Peter was their youngest son. Peter’s godparents were Thor and Bruce. Thor adored the little boy and while Bruce had some reservations about being Peter’s godfather at the beginning, he took the boy under his wing, teaching him everything from biology to chemistry to physics. Peter, in contrast to Joe who was all about mathematics, computers and physical science or Ulysses who was more interested in history and political science, was more interested in life sciences.
Jamie felt his heartbeat speed up as he listened to Peter expounding the details on Joe’s feelings for him. It wasn’t unrequited after all! Or at least not as unrequited as he thought it was before. There might be a chance for him to ask Joe out, to be close to the only Omega he’d ever fallen for.
Gordon Ramsey. But my professional life consists of cooking chicken wings designed to make people buy more beer. I’m a woman on the edge,” she concluded.
“Hello!” Tony spoke over them, “no one’s here is pregnant until proven otherwise. No, you’re not getting a new nephew, Bucky and double no, you’re not getting a Katniss, birdbrain.”
.” Steve patiently answered his son, stroking his son’s messy brown hair. He had Ulysses occupying his lap and Joe in his arms. When Tony sat next to him his world felt complete.
“I have to stop that.”
“It is for us.” Joe deadpanned.
“If I may,” he started. Steve looked up at him with those blue orbs he had for eyes, startled at Tony’s interruption.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What do you have there?” Tony asked, motioning to the bound book in Steve’s grasp.
“I’m sure they’re fine, honey.” Tony rubbed his free hand on Steve’s bicep in an attempt to calm and comfort his mate.
“I don’t need you to say anything, Steve. Just give me time to come to terms with it.”
Barnes, Steve, Maria and Fury have been sequestered down in the Hulk proof cage that Tony had built in the Tower a long time ago in preparation for cohabitating with Bruce. They haven’t had a need to use it ever since they started living together due to Bruce’s excellent control of the Big Guy. Well, Tony thought ruefully as he watched the CCTV footage JARVIS pulled up for him, at least they’re getting some use for it now.
Steve’s crystalline laugh followed, “
“This...was not what I expected.” Anthony and Steven finally landed on Delos and the first thing that caught their attention on the island was not the beautiful rolling hills or the lagoon that could be seen in the distance or the opulent Temple atop of a hill. Rather the first thing they saw was the massive statue of a phallus placed prominently on a flat land where they landed. Steven hid his face in the palms of his hands, embarrassed beyond belief at what his brother thought was a work of art. Anthony was still tilting his head this way and that way, studying the giant phallus statue. “I mean...no objections here. I like penises, and I think I would be a great fan of yours. But I just never thought of erecting a statue for it.”
The world has the Avengers to protect them. The citizenry of New York, well, they have their friendly neighborhood Spiderman to count on.
So they created a new type of explosive, able to incinerate and turn solid objects in their blast radius into dust. As destructive as a nuclear weapon but with none of the toxic side effects of radiation. The weapons research and development phase had been going pretty well. At least until Captain America, Black Widow and Hawkeye burst into their facility to shut down their research and stop them from developing enough bombs to be deployed.
“As long you’re on bedrest with me too.”
“Of course you are,” Clint muttered under his breath. Natasha elbowed him in the stomach, hard causing to cough incessantly, “Ow, Nat! What?!”
It turned out that AIM wasn’t performing human experimentations after all. They saw other potential from Extremis, that was they saw the potential to turn their failures into success. If they couldn’t stabilize the Extremis serum then why not just let it destabilize and build a weapon based on what happened when Extremis broke down?
“Yes, Captain. My apologies, I didn’t mean to alarm you, it is only my judgement that you would like to hear what the argument was about from Master Stark himself.”
” Ulysses chided his little brother, who was still cluelessly waving around a piece of cheese cracker in his hand. “
‘I uh, I had a bee on me.” he explained, as he jumped into his convertible. Steve, who was also in the act of doing his own happy dance, stopped abruptly at the sight of Tony.
“Or niece. Man, a niece would be nice. We could finally get a real-life Katniss.”
“I was reading it and I--”
“Ideal gas law?”
And he was so, so beautiful. The most beautiful Omega Jamie had ever seen in his short 17 years on this Earth. His blue eyes framed by black clunky glasses, those mesmerizing ice blue orbs that sometimes followed Jamie to his sleep, and that blonde hair, soft spun and shining like golden strands in the sunlight. Jamie sighed wistfully just thinking about it. It seemed that Joe inherited the best of both of his parents. His smile was soft and kind hearted, like Captain America, and with a touch of mischievousness in them like Tony Stark. At five-eleven, he was tall, probably the tallest Omega Jamie had ever met, but that only made him even more perfect in Jamie’s eyes. With Jamie’s own six foot two inches stature, he was pretty tall for an Alpha too. When he used to date Cheryl Feinberg, he had to bend down pretty far just to hug or kiss her, which sometimes gave him a crick in the neck or back. But with Joe, if they were to embrace Joe’s face would be perfectly nestled in the crook of his neck. Jamie flushed at the thought, hoping desperately that it didn’t show on his face. It would be pretty embarrassing to be blushing like a weirdo in front of his own locker.
Tony felt Steve sighed tiredly next to him, “You better be winning or I’ll be donating your inheritance to the Trump Foundation.”
Jamie’s mom, Mrs. Wilde, shook her head in support of her son’s assertion.
The Avengers pack was stronger than ever. They saved the world a couple of times over the years, defeating an invading Alien army led by a psychopathic Titan a couple of years back, and over the years, they’ve actually added more people to their pack. Natasha and Bucky finally got off their asses and got their act together. They mated about four years ago in a small ceremony held at Tony’s fifth avenue mansion. The ceremony was interrupted by former KGB agents who held a grudge against Natasha and Bucky from back in the days where they worked for the other side. The buffet table was torched to hell, but at least the wedding cake was safe and that was all they cared about. Thor and Bruce being in a relationship was weird and made sense at the same time. No one other than Bruce could handle Thor’s eccentricities with aplomb, and only Thor would be able to handle Hulk’s tantrum if it ever came down to that. They left for Asgard after Thor kept getting dreams about Ragnarok and the destruction of Asgard, and returned with news that Asgard and the Tesseract was destroyed. Also Bruce was pregnant now.
The question remained: was he the right partner for Jamie too? Only time would tell.
“What are you thinking?” Steve asked, for once not really needing to know what was in Tony’s head but needing to hear his voice.
“Where did you get this?” Sharon asked him, at the same time Steve asked, “What is that?”
Maybe it was time to start a fire of his own.
“Coulson found your coat.” Bruce said suddenly, surprising Tony with the non-sequitur.
After that day, they got closer together. It seemed having to guard Peter’s secret enabled them to finally break down that barrier that has been keeping them from talking to each other. Nowadays, Joe and Jamie could be found eating lunch together, chatting with each other in between periods or before the start of the school day and Jamie without fail would walk Joe to his classes.
“I wanted to go up to him and introduce myself. But man oh man, was he hot though…” Tony sighed wistfully. Later on that afternoon, he was at the aquarium visiting Clint. Though Clint was supposed to be giving an ultrasound to the pregnant walrus, Tony’s friend was more concerned with chatting with him and eating the special brownie he procured from god knows where.
Steve regained consciousness slowly, like trying to swim to the surface but in a pool of molasses, instead of water. His head felt heavy, he felt like he was in a haze, not unlike when he first woke up from his coma after he first encountered the Winter Soldier and his whole body was sore. What the hell happened?
Steve gently kissed Tony’s forehead and gathered his family closer. Through loss and tragedy, they stayed together and grew closer together. Sarah Marie may not be with them physically, but she would always be remembered by those she left behind.
Steve shot him with his “Captain America disapproves of your life choices” look. He was holding Joe to his chest. The boy was fascinated by the lack of hair on his father’s head. The rough bristles of Steve’s growing hair was scratchy when he would run his fingers through it and the boy seemed determined to keep running his finger over it. Currently, he was repeatedly patting Steve’s head and giggling when the short hairs scratched his fingers and drooling on Steve’s head.
Tony’s eyes widened in horror at the thought of spending the night with Thor and Jane. He could just imagine how awkward the meal would be. From Steve’s position on the couch, he sat facing Tony while Thor had his back to him and readily saw his mate shaking his head frantically, silently signaling to Steve to reject the offer with extreme prejudice. He added his frantic head shake with an arm gesticulating wildly and making a throat slitting motion telling Steve to nip everything in the bud. Unfortunately that was the moment Joe spotted his Babbo and the baby, unaware of the significance of Tony’s arm movements, thinking it was a wild and amusing dance move, squealed brightly in amusement and drawing Thor’s attention to Tony.
“I-- it was during the field trip to Oscorp,” Peter started nervously. Babbo sighed and muttered under his breath “Fucking Oscorp”. Peter glanced at his Papa and saw him gave an encouraging nod to keep going with his story, “And one of their specimens at the transgenic facilities must have gotten out of the cage, it was a spider, and it-- it bit me. The spider was radioactive so then some of its modifications must have gotten transferred to me, so now I’m sorta kinda part spider.”
Omg you guys, I haven't had a toke in 7 years and I totally blacked out. Also edibles are dangerous, they hit you out of nowhere.
“I know, sweetheart, I know you’re hungry.” Steve softly murmured to his baby, walking towards the couch. Seeing his mate and child approaching him, Tony sat up and flashed them a tired smile.
Steve carried a case of liquor inside to further replenish the bar’s stocks. As he walked in, he saw Maria carrying her signature Tower of Wings and placing on the side of the counter where Loki was currently sitting with Clint. Across from the counter, he saw Tony with his back turned to him, talking with Killian, once again. Sighing in annoyance at the sight of his mate talking to the unsavory Alpha, Steve roughly opened the beer case and started taking out the bottles one by one.
“So what you’re saying is, he’s the perfect guy for you, right?” Peter said. He was seated across from Tony, a half full bottle of beer in front of him.
Then they proceeded to get shitfaced in the workshop, under JARVIS’ supervision to prevent any unfortunate incidents that could occur.
“Okay. What I should do is kill you with the gun and then tell the cops that you attacked me after confessing to the murder.” Jarvis concluded, holding his hand up for a high five from Bruce. Bruce’s horrified expression made it clear that Jarvis wasn’t gonna get his high five.
“Now, it’s that time of the pregnancy again. We can tell the baby’s sex, now. Do you want to know?”
“I never got to sign his trading cards.”
“My brother killed a man to save my mate. What are we gonna do?”
At the sound of gun, both of the injured men looked up from the ground at Thor. Tony saw Steve was nursing a head wound at the side of his temple, but otherwise he looked okay. Just then a second sound of cocked gun hammer could be heard and then Bucky’s was behind Thor, aiming his gun at Thor’s head, “Wanna drop that?” while Sharon walked to where Steve and Sit Well’s brother was still sitting on the back if the truck. Thor disarmed his gun and reluctantly gave it to Bucky who took it with gratitude and Tony strode towards his mate.
“Steve, honey, what’s wrong?”
Tony dropped the kids off to school while Steve went for a meeting downtown with a gallery owner who wanted to feature some of Steve’s works in their newest showing. He arrived back home around noon, just in time with Steve. They decided to go out for lunch at Steve’s favorite diner, taking one of the convertibles because it was a nice day outside.
“I’m the bar’s lawyer. You are welcome to call up your own,” Nick said again.
“Should I be concerned?”
“DUM-E, guess who’s a genius? Daddy’s a genius!” he laughed cheerfully. DUM-E whirred exuberantly, joining in the moment with his creator. Tony chuckled at the bot’s antics, then turned back to the the desk in front of him. He kept a smaller copy of Aunt Natasha’s picture, framed on his desk as a source of inspiration, and a photo of his mom side by side. In his moments of frustration or when he reached a dead end with his codes or experiments he liked to look at her picture and thought to himself: What would Natasha do? It was like reaching deep into himself, reviving the dormant parts of himself that was able to see all the possibilities that the numbers and equations offered. It worked well so far. That’s how DUM-E was born, how JARVIS would be able to go online soon and how he improved the arc reactor technology.
Thank you so much for sticking around! More to come :)
“JARVIS, do we have the ingredients to make spaghetti?” Tony asked, bouncing Joe up and down on his hips to entertain the baby.
JR: especially uncle clint.
“Peter honey, ready for din...ner…” Papa trailed off in the middle of his question. Next to him, Babbo’s mouth hung open, speechless and shocked at what he was seeing.
“That sounds like a good compromise to me.”
“Well, I may not be able to kick your ass, but Stevie sure can.” Bucky remarked, carrying a bag of Ziploc filled with ice cubes to the living room where Tony was lying on the couch.
“What’s going on, Tony?” Steve squinted his eyes at his mate, “whatever it is you can tell me.”
Steve came back from breakfast feeling out of sorts. His breakfast was interrupted by some pervert who came up to him talking about rubbing his “engine” and his greasy hands. A diner ain’t no disco. Nobody wanted to get hit on while eating their breakfast. Sure, the guy was handsome and cute, with his soft disheveled brown hair and earnest brown eyes. Steve was not opposed to being hit on every once in awhile. He knew he was attractive, and people liked to look at the muscles. And if the person approaching him was as cute as the guy from the diner, he might be open to talk to him. But really, at a diner when Steve just wanted to to eat his breakfast and re-read a Maya Angelou classic was not the right place. Thankfully the rain stopped midway through the day, and Steve had high hopes for pineapple-picking with his Dad.
They reached their bedroom, and Steve guided Tony to sit in their bed. Steve sat next to him and kept his arms around Tony, as his husband  was still shivering.
“Wha--” as Thor tried to open the door, he realized that Steve had locked him inside, shielding him from the fight. Not wasting any time, he ran back inside to fetch Tony, hoping that Tony’s presence would diffuse the situation. He found his other boss still at the center stage, listening to Barton’s music and hurriedly rushed to him.
“Thanks, J, you’re a gem.”
Tony laughed and giggled helplessly at Steve’s words, Steve pressing kisses all over his face. They’ll be okay, Steve just needed the right words and motivation to keep him out of his self-induced funk. And Tony knew just all the right words to say. He and Steve were two sides of the same coin, after all.
“Come on…” Peter started pulling on Joe’s arm, the one not holding the bowl, urging him to finish up so they could go.
attempts by implying that pregnancy was somehow affecting Tony’s ability to work and function normally. God forbid they ever saw a high functioning omega.
“Steve, hon, we’re not in the paleolithic era anymore. I can totally provide for myself.” Tony countered, “our relationship hasn’t exactly been the conventional relationship society called for. For example, I, as the omega, am older than you, not counting the years you spent as a popsicle,” Steve gave him a look, “also, I have more money than you. I make more money than you or anyone else in our pack and our society always said that the Alpha should be the breadwinner of the pack, yet here we are with the omega breadwinner. None of these things ever bothered you before, so being sick for a little bit and having your pregnant omega take care of you for a change shouldn’t bother you either.”
“Yes.” Tony nodded, kissing him deeply, eager to share in the happiness.
Anyways, hope you guys enjoy!
“Well, they changed for the better, in my opinion. Though there were still some things that need to be addressed.”
“It means that Tony’s high blood pressure is negatively impacting the pregnancy, Steve. We have to monitor him very closely from now on.”
Tony pondered for a moment. “Sometimes I wonder if he stayed because he felt guilty because his best friend turned out to be my parents’ murderer.”
“Are you kidding?” Peter rolled his eyes, “I think if Joe’s inner thoughts were ever broadcast it would go something like
But before he could give his acquiescence, Sue approached their table telling them she was closing to set up for lunch. After apologizing to Sue for holding up her restaurant, they left the cafe and walked together to the parking lot.
“Best that we get to know this boy early. You’re right, Tony. Joe, extend a dinner invitation to Mr. Wilde for next week. We’ll be expecting him.” Papa said in his Captain America voice, the one that nobody was able to say no to.
” Tony cooed at his son and was rewarded with a high pitched giggle and bright blue eyes, identical to Steve’s, fixed at his own brown ones followed by a squeal and the boy throwing up his arms to be lifted up.
DUM-E chirped happily when he saw Steve entered the workshop. He pointed at Tony’s sleeping form with his claw, eagerly showing off his accomplishment in successfully covering Tony with a blanket without setting anything on fire.
sorry for the late update guys. grad school is killing me ugh
“No!” Ulysses cheerfully told him. “No! No! No!”
Not knowing what else to do, Steve gently touched Tony’s arm. He didn’t expect however for Tony to wrench his arm away and rushed to his feet as if preparing to run away. It was only when he saw Steve in front him, that he calmed down and relaxed, albeit not by much.
But before he could accept the lunches back, Tony piped up, “It’s okay, just put in on my tab. I’ll pay for it.”
“Ah, mysterious real estate mogul who’s been trying to destroy our home away from home.” Loki remarked coldly as the man stood beside him. Killian smiled coldly at Loki’s words then signalled for Clint to make him his usual drink. “What nefarious reason does he have now?”
Peter laughed and self-consciously rubbed the back of his neck, “I mean, I didn’t exactly went out seeking superpowers, you know. It kinda happen accidentally. You remember that field trip to Oscorp?”
Hell, these days he walked around the penthouse in sweatpants, loose shirt that sometimes have wet spots on the front and hair with more oil than DUM-E’s joints, because he literally had no energy left to expend for a simple shower. The point was, at the moment he wasn’t gonna be winning People’s Sexiest Omega Alive award, and the thought of potentially exposing his decimated body to the peak of physical perfection that was his mate was a bit intimidating.
“Never. Your people are lying to me.” Steve let out a long suffering sigh at Sharon's replies, “And until I find out why, you can’t have your tech guys or anybody else I can scoop up.”
There was a collective groan from the team, except Steve and Bucky who didn’t understand the significance of Blackfish in pop culture.
It was summer now, and Ulysses was home from school much to the delight of his parents and his little brothers. They had been spending a lot of time together while Papa and Babbo were away in Europe. Babbo had been invited to give a keynote speech at CERN for their sixtieth year anniversary, and of course Papa had to tag along because he was secretly a nerd and also because those two could never be apart for long. Not that they ever wanted to.
Joe snickered from beside him and Peter shot him an annoyed look, “No, Babbo. I told you, they recently allowed a section of their R&D floor to be accessible to the public. They’re going to be doing a 3D tissue printing demo for us. It’s cool!”
Steve stiffened. The guy from freshman year. The guy Steve hated with the entirety of his being despite not knowing who he is or what he looked like. The guy who violated the love of Steve’s life…
“Hey, buddy, ready to go?” Steven greeted the horse as they approached closer, rubbing his hand down Groot’s flank. Groot neighed happily, bumping his head to Steven’s chest affectionately, “Thank you for your help. I couldn’t have done it without you, but now I think we should get out of here. Anthony’s coming with us.”
Sam perked up from his seat and looked around the cabin. Tony and Clint were occupying the three seater seats, sleeping soundly, the sounds of their snores filling the air. Peter was playing with Aurora, trying to distract the baby from the discomfort in her ears caused by the plane taking off. Steve was sitting in one of the chairs, Joe’s sleeping figure sprawled on top of him, Steve still loathed to let him go.
“Hmm,” Steve hummed, placing the mouthwatering food in front of Tony, prompting Tony to chastely kiss his mate on the cheek, “That’s a bit unfair for the other babies, don’t you think? He’d clean house with all the awards.”
“No I am definitely not James Buchanan Barnes of Pensacola, Florida! And definitely not an iguana smuggler!” Bucky insisted.
The three Alphas shrugged, “You know how it is, Tony. Sometimes you just get caught up in the stakeout or something. I’m sure they’ll radio in soon. ‘Sides they’re supposed to be going in all sneaky and shit, right? Make sense for them to go dark for a bit.” Bucky told him.
The sound of Sam choking on his laughter drown out Tony’s sobs. “Oh my God, this is fucking amazing!”
Steve chuckled, “I’ll try, buddy. Hopefully I’ll get a chance to get you something good.”
“I was afraid you’d reject me. I was afraid...you didn’t want me anymore. Not like this...” Tony finished lamely, gesturing to himself.
“Thanks, Papa.” Peter said before Papa enveloped him and Babbo in a bear hug, Joe joining a few seconds later in their hug pile. Peter reveled in the combined scent of his family, imparting comfort and contentment all throughout Peter’s body.
“What is that?” Jamie asked, leaning over to better see Joe’s phone.
Steve loved his sons to pieces. They were the lights of his life, the centers of his universe, the reason he got up in the morning. They have grown up to be fine young men in their own rights, and he and Tony couldn’t be prouder of them. Steve and Tony worked hard to impress on his boys that they weren’t above anyone else, just because they were more privileged. Being blessed with higher than average intelligence than their peers and born into wealth meant they bore more responsibility on their shoulders than the average Joe (insert childish snickers here). Steve insisted on the boys attending public school, in defiance of the norm of celebrity kids attending high priced private schools or elite college preparatory schools. Tony was behind the idea one hundred percent, unwilling to part from his children sooner than the mandatory eighteen years old timepoint. They didn’t want their children growing up out of touch from the realities of middle class living, comfortable in their upper class bubbles and becoming one of those douchebag businessman, or politicians, that only fought for the interests of their bottom line and their donors. Tony Stark and Steve Rogers’ children would be people who would dedicate their lives to make the world a better place, not to enrich themselves.
“Jamie, what was that all about? How come Spiderman knew our last name? And your name?” Mrs. Wilde looked at her son in confusion. Jamie was silent as he put an arm around his mother’s back and began to walk away from the alleyway and towards their house.
“You sure know how to make an omega swoon, Steve.”
Tony rolled his eyes. He thought Clint was about to say something profoundly deep and moving about their friendship.
Steve laughed, the most amazing sound Tony ever heard in his life. Steve seemed to laugh with his whole body. His right hand seemed to unconsciously went to his left pectoral as he continued to laugh. Tony imagined a day when he finally get to touch said pectoral himself.
are the ones who are proud and so grateful to be fortunate enough to be parents to three amazing young men like you all.”
“Yes, Uly. This is your new baby brother.”
Bucky sighed deeply. This case was gonna suck.
Never let it be said that Tony was a sore loser. He had always accepted his victory gracefully and dealt with his losses graciously.
“Rumlow could have hid back here and waited for the bar to be empty.” Steve deduced, as he and Tony entered the closet and surveyed the surroundings. Noticing a matchstick on the floor, Tony bent down to pick it up.
Their meal arrived shortly. When Tony noticed that his paella contained unpeeled head-on shrimps, “Shrimps.” Steve then obligingly transferred all the shrimps to his plate.
“Well, that’s that.” Tony said, staring at the slowly burning fire eating away at his presence in Steve’s life. It’s cruel of Steve, Tony thought. It’s cruel how easy it was for Steve to erase any trace of Tony’s existence from his life, while Tony wouldn’t be able erase even the scent of Steve from his nostrils. Steve would wake up tomorrow and everything would be fine in his life, but Tony would have to go on living like there was no Steve-shaped gaping hole on his person.
“Clint! What are you doing here?” Steven asked, standing up and shielding Anthony away from view.
As Clint pronounced them bonded for life and they shared another kiss to seal their vows to each other, Tony thought that this was what paradise must have felt like.
After Phil’s death, Clint decided to stay in Hawai’i because the kids have grown up here and uprooting them after their father’s death would be detrimental to their mental state. He also decided to stay because Phil was interned here at the Punchbowl cemetery, and Clint couldn’t bear to be far away. Clint knew that staying in Hawai’i would be tough for a single parent with 3 kids but was determined to make it. From that lunch, an unlikely friendship formed between the two men. Clint would often leave the kids at the mansion if he worked overtime at the aquarium, and in return Tony would have company in addition to his boys when he was working at the workshop.
Tony set off to drive to Prospect Park in Brooklyn, where he and Steve usually took the boys to. It was located in a quiet neighborhood, not too far from the hustle and bustle of Manhattan but so far no paparazzi has managed to get a photo of him and Steve bringing the boys there. The boys also loved it there because there was a Captain America monument erected to commemorate the 100th year anniversary of Steve’s final mission, the one that caused him to remain in suspended animation for 70 years, much to Steve’s embarrassment. The team liked to go to the statue (incognito) and take silly pictures with it. They had a running competition on who could take the silliest, most outrageous picture with the statue. So far it’s a tie between Bucky and Clint.
Steve just hugged him instead of answering, clutching Tony’s body closer to him and peppering sweet kisses on Tony’s laughing face, “Thank you, thank you, thank you, Tony. God, you’re amazing!”
Tony still looked shell-shocked, sitting on their bed with his mouth gaping open, so Steve answered for him, “Yes, yes we will be able to go to Stockholm in December.”
Unbeknownst to them, Steve was listening to their conversation from his perch on top of the stairs. He had been going down after finishing the video and reading his journal intending to apologize to Tony, who was telling the truth when he said they were seeing each other. Seeing the video and reading about all the things he and Tony have done together were very touching and Steve thought he owe Tony an apology for the way he treated his boyfriend after a night spent together.
“A man! And a damaged one at that. I’m-- too old and too damaged for you now. You’re still so-- still so handsome and brave and noble as you were seventy years ago. But me...I’m nothing but a former weapons manufacturer complicit in the genocide of many. Why would you want me, Steve?”
When she saw the painting, she understood what the big deal. It was a monochrome painting of the Avengers Tower. The background was pitch black, only the shape of the Avengers Tower, rendered in perfect detail, was in white. The artist had created the painting only by using an eraser, meticulously erasing the black background of the paper to bring out the shape of Avengers Tower. It was an amazing work of art, complex yet simple at the same time. Curious, Ellie looked at the information card and was shocked to see the name of the artist.
Rhodey, being Rhodey, knew exactly what to say to bring a smile to Tony’s face, “Nah. Then he’d just realize what a bore you are.”
Steve chuckled, “We still have Joe and Peter. They’ll be with us for a while now.”
That night, Tony did his usual chore of putting feeding Ulysses and putting him to bed. What was unusual was he lingered for long moments after the little boy was finally lulled to sleep by the slow oscillation of the rocking chair. There was no hurry to return back to the room, Steve wouldn’t be there anyway, still locked away with Barnes. God knew how many more nights he would have to spend alone now.
Jarvis was silent for a moment, then he straighten up and Bruce mirrored him. “You and I are not in collusion, my friend.”
Sharon looked resigned at getting to the truth with this unruly bunch.
“Nope. He’d have taken credit and used it to scare your brother. He had nothing to do with Rumlow’s murder. Let him go.”
“No, you’re not.” Anthony retorted back, his eyes squinted and peering at Steven, “No son of a mere fisherman would have a shield like that, or those boots, or that helmet.” Anthony pointed at each items, “and they certainly won’t have the brute strength to tear open a sea monster in two with their bare hands.” he gestured at the carcass of Cetus lying on the sands, coloring it with its blood,  “So, who are you really, Steven? And is that why you won’t accept my proposal?” Anthony challenged.
“I have to take you in for questioning, Ma’am.” and escorted her to a different room.
“Tony’s met with him dozens of time. 40 times was the latest tally. Cap does not want to sell.”
“My name is Stacy!” she yelled.
“I have to make a new journal that doesn’t have you in it. But before I do, I would really like for you to read what I wrote about you.” Steve continued.
“Steve, talk to me. Say something, anything. I want your voice to be the last thing I hear. ”
Whatever the man said next was lost on Tony because he woke up. In the morning haze, he couldn’t differentiate whether that was a dream or something that happened to him before. It felt so vivid, he could still hear the man’s deep, soothing baritone. The exact features of his face was lost on Tony, but he still remembered the man’s short stature and his skinny body. Despite that, Tony still felt connected to the man, he could feel his conviction to serve and enlist. To just do what was right. Tony wondered what a man like that would have to do with him. How they came to be walking side by side, enjoying each other’s company. The way he was right now, he wouldn’t even be fit to lick the dirt off the man’s shoes.
“But how is that going to work? I didn’t even remember you asking in the first place, Tony. What’s gonna happen down the line? I’m gonna wake up every morning with a ring on my finger and no memory of what happened?”
“Uh, just, you know, ask him if he wants to renew our vows and maybe spend the rest of his life with me, and then you know have a ceremony when we get back.”
“Sir, are you attempting to create thermonuclear fission in the arc reactor?”
“His hair, his suit, his ring--” Loki explained, “the fact that I talked to him last night. Here.”
“So, lemme get this straight,” Rhodey took a swig of his Johnny Walker, “Dude doesn’t remember what happened past a certain day, and everyday you have to get him to fall in love with you again?”
“I know, I’m sorry, love. I’m back now. Here to answer your beckons and demands.” Steve grinned prompting Tony to do the same. Tony pecked him on the lips sweetly.
Mystery man’s baritone voice washed over him. He sounded sad, and Tony wanted to comfort him badly.
Out of options, Peter did the only thing he thought would preserve his superhero secret identity in the midst of the milling of their many classmates walking through the hallway: dragging Jamie by the arm to an empty classroom in an impressive show of his enhanced strength.
“Hi,” Steve returned his smile then turn his attention to Ulysses who was hiding his face in the crook of Tony’s neck, “Hi, baby boy. Good morning.”
“I will.” Father Vincent then pour holy water on Ulysses’ head, prompting the boy whined and squirmed away from the water on his head, cuddling closer to Rhodey, who made a soothing noise to placate him.
“I seem to be pregnant.”
“Sit down, boys. Babbo and I have something to tell you.”
That’s it? He’d been caught up in a blast before, but it never left him feeling like he just got back to the mortal world after fighting Cerberus down in Tartarus. “And?”
“Hey-- hey Jamie. What’s up?” Peter responded, closing his locker and shouldering his backpack.
So Joe was honorably discharged from the Marines and took a job in an auto shop catering to tourists up the road. It was easy work, it paid well and it allowed him to spend time with his son. From that day on, they became closer as father and son. Steve persuaded Joe to continue the pineapple-picking tradition he and Sarah had for his birthdays and for Thanksgiving. Joe got to see his boy graduate and get his Bachelor’s in Fine Arts and History, and moving on to pursue a Master’s so he could be a teacher. Steve then got his certifications to teach and a job at a middle school. Joe always knew that boy had more brains than brawns.
Shaking his head in exasperation, Tony slid out of bed knowing he wouldn’t be able to get more sleep. He should be downstairs in the workshop anyway, there were still plenty of things to do before Steve came home on Friday, and Tony wanted to make as much headway as he could so he could spend the rest of the weekend in Steve’s arms, reveling in his presence, soaking up all the love Steve send his way and making good memories for their first Christmas together. His latest project, retrofitting the armor so it would seamlessly wrap itself around Tony when summoned, was going well. Just a few more adjustments and it would be ready for its first trial flight soon.
Tony lifted up his head to stare at Steve, “You seriously wanna risk a morning quickie after the disaster that was our anniversary three years ago?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, nothing’s wrong. Just...I can’t stand the sight of the meatballs.”
“You know me so well,” Tony kissed Steve chastely on his lips, “just need to go home and I can implement it.”
because Hawkeye, expert marksman, loves watching brides-to-be search for a dress for their mating ceremony. Thor seemed to be invested in it too, exclaiming in outrage whenever he saw a dress he thought was overpriced or looked unflattering on the bride.
“I’m glad you’re happy, Steve. For the longest time, as far as I can remember, there was always sadness and guilt in you. When Sarah died, when I first died. But you’re happy now, Stevie. I’m glad.”
Ulysses was a bit sullen at having been woken up, mumbling adorably about playing with mermaids in the mermaid lagoon. They had just watched Peter Pan the day previously and the mermaids have apparently left quite an impression on Ulysses.
” Joe responded indulgently, he was taking his sweet ass time drinking said milk. Clearly he was determined to troll Peter this morning.
“Then how is it that Chef Hill heard your assistant’s shout, but you didn’t hear a gunshot?”
“Papa, Papa, Papa! Where did your hair went, Papa? Will it ever come back?” he excitedly asked Steve, climbing on the couch to nestled in close to Steve. Ever since the accident, both boys have taken to clinging to Steve, following him wherever he went in the Tower. Ulysses and Joe have been sleeping in their beds for the last two months now, afraid that if they took their eyes off their Papa for a second, he would disappear. They wouldn’t let up even after Tony and Steve told him it was never going to happen.
“Maybe we’ll start with derivatives for Joey Bug over here.” Tony said, smiling at the two most important blondes in his life.
And Tony’s not strong enough to deny Steve anything. They kissed in the rain. In the back of his mind, Tony thought this was the cliche romantic set up Hollywood always advertised. Kissing the love of your life in the rain. But all Tony could think about was how the rain disguised his tears, if Steve felt any wetness coming from his eyes, he wouldn’t know if it was the tears Tony cried from having his heart ripped in two. Steve deepened the kiss and wound his arms around Tony’s waist and Tony just wanted the moment to last forever but he knew it couldn’t. So he wrenched himself away from Steve’s embrace and ran to his car, leaving his life and entire being flayed open out there on the wet earth.
Phil Coulson walked over to where one of his regulars was sitting at the bar. Loki Laufeyson was a bestselling murder mystery/thriller novelist but most days he could be found parked at the counter of
“Everytime I asked them to reduce weapons production, they denied me. Told me to stay in line, do my duty as the Crown Prince of Aethiopia and keep making better weapons. But to what end? Is it really wise to build an economy based on war, on violence and bloodshed?” Anthony paused, “I may not have used the weapons myself and take up arms, but I’m just as guilty as them for providing a means for destruction, for being an instrument of war. I want to stop, to get away from it all. To tell you the truth, I was planning on running away but that...that event occured,” he said referencing the occasion that brought them together, “Rhodey arranged for his cousin to smuggle me out of the city to Athens. But before we could do it...well you know what happened. Being sacrificed to the sea monster seemed like a blessing in disguise. My plan was to kill it with that pocket knife, then disappear. This way I could have saved my country and free myself.”
“Hello? Dad?” he called out. “In the kitchen!” his father shouted back. Steve walked towards the kitchen and stopped short as he saw his father holding a pineapple in his hands.
.” Peter said, trying to do some damage control.
“A fitting tribute to a good man gone too soon, don’t you think?”
“Yeah,” Tony shrugged.
“Thor, we’re making breakfast right now. You’re going to ruin your appetite.”
“What’s the call?” Killian timidly asked, as he watched the two mates interact with each other.
“Wha-- no, Pops, don’t say that.” Peter retorted, “you and Babbo deserved to celebrate your relationship and your love. We’re sorry that it’s taken you eighteen years to do it, but we’ll make it happen! We’ll help you! Right, guys?”
“Bambino, stromboli, minestrone, spaghetti,” Clint shouted along.
“Yes.”
Next was Rhodey’s turn. He returned to the tower immediately after he was stateside after a brief mission in Syria. Tony had had JARVIS sent Rhodey a picture of Ulysses’ sleeping face after he was born to him, receiving only a bunch of heart emojis as a reply. Tony took that as a sign that Rhodey was thrilled by the birth of Ulysses.
“Didn’t know you were so tight with the front desk people,” Sam raised his eyebrow in incredulity.
“It wouldn’t be too far fetched to think I was having an affair with him. I mean, he’s very handsome.” Tony said teasingly.
“And Steve is fifty-two years older than you,” Natasha added.
“So what exactly are you plan on doing for the vow renewal?” Natasha sedately asked him.
“I pop somebody, I don’t muffle the shot, brother. I shoot him straight on in his face. Ask anybody. Look what if I decree your place off-limits to my crew or any other crew?”
“Tony, you’re always the more logical one out of the two of you,” Natasha said with a small smile, “Don’t get me wrong, Steve is brilliant. But when it comes down to it, he uses his heart more than his head.”
Tony felt Steve took his hand and he looked up at his mate, seeing the same fears and trepidation reflected back to him from his blue eyes. But Steve looked resolute in the face of trouble. He had always been the stronger one out of the two of them. “Steve,” Tony croaked out desperately, scared like never before.
“I told you it was a bad idea,” he muttered to Bruce who was consoling Thor, who was trying to hold back his tears so he didn’t appear weak in front of Bruce.
At least, that’s what Tony thinks as he sits and waits for Steve to wake up from his medically induced coma. In the aftermath of SHIELD’s downfall and the revelation that the organization has been infiltrated by HYDRA all along, the outside world was in chaos. Natasha’s information dump on the internet has given the press news to report on from now until probably the end of time. In the midst of it all, Tony was briefed about Project Insight and how they hijacked the helicarriers he built for SHIELD to target and eliminate civilians, him among them, based on some creepy ass algorithm created by Arnim Zola. It was all a fucking mess. Made even worse by the fact that when he returns back to the States after a business trip in Japan with Pepper, he is informed that Steve is in a medically induced coma at Walter Reed after stopping the helicarrier from going airborne.
“Whatever you say,” Joe patted his cheek affectionately and they went back to staring at each other like lovelorn idiots.
“Joseph Carbonell Stark Rogers. I like it. It’s got a nice ring to it.”
“He’s beautiful, Steve.” Bruce said reverently. He reached out to touch Ulysses’ cheek, gratified when Ulysses reacted to the light touch.
No sooner had they sat down to enjoy breakfast than JARVIS rang the alarm signifying the presence of an intruder. As a unit, they immediately stood up in numerous fighting stances.
“So what else did the myths get right?” Anthony asked his betrothed (because Steven was his betrothed, thank you very much. It was only a matter of time) as they broke through a clump of fluffy clouds to fly above the skies, “Did Athena really sprung out from Zeus’ head, fully armored? Was Aphrodite really formed from sea foams? Does Hera truly hate all the demigods that Zeus sired with mortal women? Oh, but you’re one of those demigods. You know, ignore that last question. That sounds very offensive when I say it out loud.”
“Tony,” Steve admonished, but the smile on his face showed his amusement, “Well seeing as how I was the winner, how’s about you present yourself to me then?” Steve challenged him, Bucky groaning and muttering in the background about how Steve was a horny bastard. Tony smirked back at him, eyes smoldering promising a good time to be had between them later on in the night.
“That’s exactly what I’m gonna do. You ready? I’m a quick bastard.”
*crawls back in the cave to hide away from angry readers*
“Official visit,” Detective Carter spoke again, “See the badge?” she said, waiving the badge in Steve’s face.
All of this lead to him being sleep deprived and tired. So on the day of their departure, he had a massive headache and spent the first leg of their journey sleeping in the jet. They had to transit at LAX to refuel the jet which was where everything went downhill. Because no matter how much money Tony seemed to have and how many times the Avengers might have saved the planet from alien invasions, they still have to go through airport security checks just like everyone else.
Steve’s laughter trailed after him as Peter sprinted to the kitchen to make sure that there was still enough biscuits and gravy for him. Suddenly he was so very very hungry, he could eat a whole horse. Heck, maybe the whole barn full of them.
“Why not?”
“I know, Steve. Believe me, I know. I’ve been thinking about this for awhile now. About how we’re going to raise Ulysses. I’m not opposed to you wanting to raise him in the Church, so long as you give him the freedom to choose later on in his life when he finally formed his own set of beliefs. If I want him to be able to make his own decisions, forbidding him from being baptized would be a bit hypocritical, I think.” Tony shrugged, “plus, I think my mother would have liked to see her grandbaby baptized in the Church.”
“It was me who shut off the security cameras!” Clint confessed, “I wanted some privacy with my girlfriend, whom I will not name.”
“You’re you.” Tony gestured up and down to his whole body, “you have hipster sense of humor before hipster was even a thing. You’re O.G. hipster. Of course that book with all its weird ass humor would be right up your alley.”
It was ten weeks into the pregnancy when Tony started to feel something different from his other pregnancies. That morning he woke up with a throbbing sensation in his pelvis that just wouldn’t go away. Deciding not to alarm Steve, Tony decided to push that feeling aside and disregard it as phantom pains.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do you believe in Jesus Christ, his only Son, our Lord?”
“Ma’am, I’m a bartender. I’m practically a psychologist.” Phil answered plainly.
“Um, okay…” Ulysses said in confusion, “how does that gonna work though? I’m away at school.”
“Um, okay…” the voice on the line seemed taken aback, “Mr. Stark then. Sir, I’m calling on behalf of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. This is a very important matter. Please stay on the line.” then a beeping sound signalled Tony and Steve's end of the line being put on hold.
“Can I try?”
“Well, Phil was afraid we’d get caught because I’m loud,” Clint chuckled, eyes sparkling as he looked at Coulson.
“Aw man, I forgot my wallet. Sorry kids, Daddy can’t pay for these. You have to return the food to the nice man behind the counter.” the man said apologetically to his children. He had short, sandy blond hair and a pleasant face.His skin was tanned, indicating he was local or a tourist who have stayed longer than he had to. He looked pained, and Tony immediately knew that this man didn’t have enough money to pay for the boxed lunches he just bought for his children. His kids looked disappointed at the prospect of not eating lunch and it tugged at Tony’s defective heart strings.
Spoiler alert: Bruce Willis was a ghost.
Bruce and Coulson brought him to the storage room where the stock the liquor and beers for the bar’s inventory. Hidden behind cases of liquors and beer, Tony saw the metal bucket they used to use for the janitor to mop the floor before they switched to the lighter plastic buckets. In it, Tony saw his Belgian corduroy coat, a Christmas present from Steve, charred and unrecognizable because somebody had torched it.
Anyways, writing this chapter was nice. because I get to be in denial that Steve and Tony are still happy and will stay alive for a long long long time.
“Well this sucks.” Bucky dropped his duffle bag on the ground.
What the fuck. The bad guys were using his stuff! How the hell did this happened?!
“Promises, promises, Mr. Stark.”
Tony nodded, “I heard his name being mentioned on tv and I just froze. God, I can’t believe it’s been 34 years and I still become that stupid, scared 14 year old whenever I hear his name.”
Joyce said that the “longest way round is the shortest way home”. Steve was finally home.
Steve looked up in alarm at JARVIS’ words. What had happened that JARVIS seemed reluctant to even tell him?
“Okay, J, try this one for a change. Let’s change up the reactor a little bit. Use this new scheme I’m specifying to you: change the palladium core to helium and hydrogen atoms, and use these modified Lawson equations and the numbers I gave you as the input.”
for the twelfth(?) time in his life, it became clear what to him what he and Tony should name their child.
“How about I mark them down as accessories after the facts?” she countered.
Steve knew he always wanted to serve. As far as he could remember all he wanted was to be useful for his fellow citizens and for his country. To be able to contribute and chip in for the progress and the betterment of his country. That’s why he was so determined to serve. Not for the glory, not for the fame, but to help. He told Erskine he didn’t like bullies, and while that was true what he wanted to with his newly bestowed abilities was to help people. Be it people in Nineteenth century Europe suffering under the tyranny of the Third Reich, or people in the twenty first century suffering under the clandestine threats of terrorism around the world. So in this new century he served again, this time for SHIELD in Peggy’s honor. After his trip around the country (or as Tony would call it Americana trip) him and Tony were coming together slowly. Misunderstandings resolved, they found that while they contrast each other in some aspects, they have more in common than not. Steve always found himself drawn to strong-willed Omegas, case in point Peggy, and Tony drew him in like a moth to a flame. Tony was like a lighthouse to Steve’s lost ship, leading him back to the shore, like Orpheus leading Eurydice out of the darkness.
“I’m fine. Some tourist who doesn’t know how to drive cut me off this morning,” Tony nodded, still not entirely convinced Natasha was telling the truth.
Another chapter for you guys. Enjoy!
Steve’s voice seemed to jolt him out of his reverie. Rhodey started sputtering, “Wha-- Godfather? Me? Are you sure?”
“I do renounce them.”
” Joe’s voice filtered in through the darkness. Distantly, he knew Joe wasn’t speaking loudly at all, but his splitting headache made him feel like Joe was using a loudspeaker pointed right in his ears to speak to him. Peter could only whimper pitifully.
“I wouldn’t want it any other way, Steve.”
“Sorry, Pops.” Ulysses was the first to recover, looking guiltily at his father.
“Ulysses James, do you believe in God, the Father Almighty, creator of Heaven and Earth?”
“Is that-- are those happy tears? Please tell me those are happy tears.” Tony asked him.
Tony whimpered and pushed again, the hardest and longest push before he heard the squelching sound and Steve’s triumphant shout as he slowly pulled their baby boy out of Tony. Tony sighed in relief, but something was wrong. He didn’t hear a cry from the baby and his eyes opened in panic.
Happy with today’s turn of events, both Steve and Tony decided to dance their own versions of happy dance while hidden behind the cargo van that separated them from each other’s object of affections. Unbeknownst to them, the cargo van pulled out of the parking space, leaving both of them in full view of the other. Tony recovered first seeing Steve right across from him as he was in the middle performing his “inventing dance” and gasped.
“I did, Tony, okay? I gave them our calculations. They know better than the doctors at Walter Reed. Besides you’re in no condition to be walking.”
“You had plans, and a life before you meet me.” Steve continued, unaware that he was breaking Tony’s heart as he spoke, “and now all you have time for is to make me fall in love with you every day.”
, Steve thought, sending a silent prayer,
“Really? How big of a bump do we get for murder?” Steve asked, rubbing down a dusty beer bottle with a cloth.
“What.” Steve deadpanned. His enhanced hearing zeroed in on the words that just came out of Tony’s mouth and blocking out the rest of the word vomit coming out of Tony. Pregnant. Pregnant.
He met Pepper when he first took over as CEO of SI at age 21, and Pepper was his executive assistant. Pepper proved that she was formidable enough to handle Tony’s shenanigans and her position as PA quickly included the title of friend. Happy came later on, after an almost kidnapping made Pepper insist on Tony having a bodyguard. Happy’s boxing career has just ended, and Tony had met him at a gym and offered him a job as a driver/bodyguard. So, Tony’s friends have been an amalgamation of people who cared for him and people who are paid to care for him.
He stepped inside the mansion with JARVIS greeting him, “Welcome home, Captain Rogers. I trust the mission went well.”
“Based on my scans, your myopia has been reversed. You now have 20/20 vision.”
“And this is what happens, every single day.” Tony concluded. He was sitting in his lanai, on of the poolside chairs with Clint and his gardener/poolboy (man) Peter Quill. After leaving the diner, he was feeling pretty melancholic about today’s events. He went home and proceeded to take out his moping clothes which consisted of a bathrobe, old band shirt and sweatpants, wore them and made himself comfortable in the lanai with a glass of green smoothie. Clint came by earlier with the kids like he always did, and Peter came later in the evening just before dinner time. He doesn’t work in the evenings, but Tony thought he probably had another fight with his wife Gamora and got kicked out of the house for the night.
Clint looked smug as he settled back down to watch his show, the lady on TV finally said yes to a Vera Wang dress. Steve placed the picture on the coffee table next to the sofa and moved closer to Tony.
And so it was, on the floating island of Delos, in a field of hyacinth and lavender, with two gods as witnesses, Anthony and Steven were handfasted, committed to each other for life and inseparable even in death. As they kissed to seal their commitment to each other, a sense of peace and relief suffuse through Anthony. He was here with his husband Steven, safe and sound. Until he remembered about his farce of an engagement with Obadiah.
At midnight, The Wrecking Crew started the show. With the bar sufficiently packed, even more so than during the usual weekday night, the bar floor had turned to a makeshift mosh pit. Thor and Natasha was in the audience, rocking out along with the band and the audience. Thor was headbanging along to the music, screaming out the lyrics to the song and Natasha was standing sedately next to him, hands folded in front of her chest, head nodding along to the beat. Clint was playing air drums behind the bar, much to Maria’s exasperation and Coulson’s amusement. Jarvis was sitting at the bar, staring begrudgingly at the stage, still upset that his spot as DJ was replaced by a live band. Loki was sitting next to him on the bar, eyebrows raised as he realized the lyrics were about drug dealing. Bruce was in the crowd trying to count the amount of beer bottles that have been broken during the show, while Sam Wilson amongst his entourage and proteges held his drink up high.
Joe realized this was not best idea. But what was he supposed to do? Should he tell Steve that he has temporal lobe damage that wiped out his abilities to retain new memories and that he would never be a normal person and watch the pain and devastation in his son’s eyes, every single day? Or should he go on letting Steve think everything’s normal, just another Saturday to go out to the Hukilau for breakfast, and not burdening Steve with the knowledge of his condition?
Tony chuckled self-deprecatingly, he knew what Obie was trying to do. Placating and appeasing him, throwing him a bone while at the same time shutting down the discussion on everything else he wanted. “Yeah, yeah that sounds good. Been wanting to work on it for awhile.”
“Sure, keep telling yourself that, Steve. We all know I won that last round.” Thor declared jovially, helping himself to a large bottle of gatorade from the fridge.
Brianna rolled her eyes, and started walking around again but not before taking a picture of the drawing with her camera. Ellie made a mental note to ask Brianna for a copy of the picture later. The picture she took might not capture the whole glory as well as Brianna’s high powered camera.
Steve nodded his head in affirmation, then ripped out the page Tony had been reading and threw it in the trash.
“A man named Killian wants to buy the bar.” Bruce Banner, Tony’s assistant and right hand man said.
Enter Anthony, crown prince of Aethiopia.
“Certainly, Captain Rogers.” the lights in the room started to dim and Tony’s technologically advanced curtains started to shutter close in tandem, extinguishing any sunlight from their room. In the darkness, the atmosphere somehow became more intimate and Steve could almost forgot what had happened before.
“That’s what Tony said too. He found a picture of me from basic training, before the serum, and had it framed and placed in his workshop.” Steve shook his head at his mate’s antics.
“Please, call me Anthony,” Anthony whispered in his ears, his tone sultry, “after all as my savior, we can dispense with the formalities.”
“Mm-hmm.” Tony quirked an eyebrow, accepting the sandwich either way and started to eat it. “What is it, babe? What do you want?”
“He still looks at you the way my parents look at each other when they thought the other wasn’t looking, so yeah it’s pretty safe to say that he still likes you.”
” Babbo started swooning dramatically, putting his hand on his chest and his eyes started fluttering dramatically, “I remember the days of feeling twitterpated and that other person was the only thing I could think of.”
If not even death could separate them, then nothing would.
“If you want me to call you ‘Steve’, then you must call me Vincent.” the priest answered Steve jokingly.
Joe schooled his face to look surprised, “A present! What is this?” He ripped open the wrapping paper, knowing what was inside but still maintaining the surprised look on his face, “Oh The Sixth Sense!” he exclaimed to Bucky. Bucky pretended to look surprised and approving of Steve’s gift choice.
“Yeah…” Tony acknowledged, “I never thought this day would come. But it’s here now and I don’t-- I don’t even know what to do or how to feel.”
And that was all Peter knew.
. I’m sorry we scared you.
That threw Tony so off guard, he started choking on his pasta. “Wha-- Nat, what are you talking about?”
“Tony! Are you okay!”
Peter had just taken his mask off when his bedroom door opened and his parents walked in, oblivious to what waited for them on the other side.
“Hmm, I think I’ll just keep it to myself for now. What’s the fun in telling you all the answers? Ain’t you supposed to be a genius?” Jamie teased him, the grin on his face making him look even more handsome to Joe.
It was amazing getting to know each other. Joe learned that Jamie was Brooklyn born and bred. An  only child, his father was a firefighter and his mother was a nurse. He was a bit perplexed at first, since Jamie’s life history read just like Papa’s. He thought Jamie taking the piss out of him until the boy shyly admitted that it was all true and that all his life he has looked up to Steve Rogers. Both he and the Captain came from similar working class backgrounds, yet the Captain showed that despite their limitations, or rather
The protagonist had the brilliant idea of scanning his own brain to uncover forgotten memories, and Tony thought maybe, just maybe, he could make the same device but instead of just displaying the memory, you could interact with it and manipulate the memories to go the way you wished it would have gone, for closure. That would be a big stepping stone in helping trauma patients, and potentially, a certain brainwashed sniper.
. “You’re not pregnant again, are you?”
“It’s my journal. I write in it every night.” Steve flipped through the pages, showing Tony his neat handwriting and the pictures he put in the journal as well as some doodles that Tony knew Steve drew himself.
“Really?”
Not first name, of course. God knew Rhodey (and Barnes too apparently, according to Steve) would get cocky over it. And if Barnes ever came back to them, having him and Rhodey argued about who the baby was named after would be hilarious to say the least.
“I’m just messing around with DUM-E’s code, trying to make him stop making motor oil smoothies. I almost drank one yesterday before I realized that’s not how Kale was supposed to taste like.”
Tony waved him off, “It’s okay, my treat. Besides these kids look like they need a good serving of lunch from Rainbow’s. Right?” he addressed the children with a grin and a wink.
As the band played, more patrons started to gravitate towards the center stage. Steve solemnly observed the band’s performance, as Tony’s disapproving stance started to soften a little as he got into the groove provided by the bass and Coulson’s cello. Thor walked over to the bar to stand next to Loki and watch Clint performed.
” more sobbing followed.
“Okay,” Steve sat back down again, receiving Aurora from Bruce’s arms and settling the little girl in the crook of his arms and shooting his niece a soft smile, “I can take her, Bruce.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony shrugged, though inside he was happy at seeing Steve’s excitement for his work. No one had ever showed as much enthusiasm for his work as Steve did. Rhodey got excited when he would show him new weapons design or specs, but that was probably to do with his job as DoD liaison for Stark Industries. Pepper didn’t really care for the technical details and the codes and algorithms he would write for SI products and the bots didn’t really have expressions to convey their excitement. But Tony had been taking their chirps and whirrings as signs of excitement and happiness whenever he finished an upgrade or a project. So to see someone clearly very excited just by seeing what he had done was not an unwanted boost of confidence.
“So, how are we going to do this?” Bucky asked from his seated position next to Natasha.
“Not from the workshop. You’re on bedrest as of now, mister.”
“It’s Jamie Wilson from the football team. The quarterback,” Peter piped up, ignoring Joe’s glare at him the whole time.
, because people have been covering up the true circumstances surrounding his parents’ death and that it was a cold blooded murder, not an accident like Tony and the masses have been led to believe.
Steve pressed a kiss to Tony’s forehead. Today had been the most perfect, life changing, earth shattering, days of his life. Steve wondered what his Ma would have said if she were here with them. She would be crying buckets and buckets of joyful tears at the birth of her first grandson. She’d have laughed at him for naming his son after his favorite book, but then she would also say that it was a mighty fine name that honored their heritage. She would be happy to see him now: happily mated to the most beautiful, kindest, most thoughtful and compassionate omega and to have a pack that supported and loved him despite his shortcomings.
Tony’s answering smile was enough to illuminate the Universe.
“Why would the murderer hide the gun in your stuff?” Bruce asked. He placed the gun back in the speaker.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Where’d you dig that up?” Bucky zeroed in on Tony.
But perhaps, this tragedy was what he and Tony needed to see just how blessed they already were. Three beautiful boys, the most perfect sons any father could ask for. Steve swore he would do whatever was in his power to make them feel his and Tony’s loves.
There was nobody else in this world like Joe Rogers, Jamie Wilde had always thought so. Granted, he hadn’t met everybody in the world but Jamie’s pretty confident in his assertion of the fact. If anybody could point him in the direction of another Omega that could easily and flawlessly dress down a misogynistic football player, Jamie would eat his football cleats. Joe was the smartest boy in their class, there was no doubt about it. One of the sons of Tony Stark, genius billionaire who built the Iron Man armor from scraps in a cave, there was no way that Joe wasn’t smart. If he was so inclined, Jamie was sure that he could have taught all the science classes at school and probably do a better job at it than their actual teachers.
“I’m not gonna fare well in jail.” Jarvis started, “I’m lovely.”
“Mark them down as
His critics liked to point out that he funded all of those endeavour using money obtained by war-profiteering. Tony would like to rebut that claim by pointing out that he didn’t profit from war, his weapons helped protect American lives. And if those critics minded so much then they were more than welcome to stop eating the foods produced by the intelli-crops Stark Resilient produced, they were more than welcome to stop using medicine and biologics produced from research funded by the Stark Foundation to treat their headaches or psoriasis or rheumatoid arthritis, they’re also more than welcome to stop going to the doctors who operated on them using medical devices from Stark Med Tech. So far no one took Tony up on his offers.
“My boy, I understand that you’re eager to do this. Eager to start a new era at Stark, make your mark, create your own legacy. But the simple truth is this, Tony: we’re ironmongers.
“Cute. How long did it take you to come up with that?” Joe teased him.
“Nah, trying to cut down.”
“Funny, I thought you would say that it was you, Tony Stark, that was the best thing that ever happened to me.” Steve donned his body armor over the undersuit, a lightweight fabric that allows for efficient body heat exchange and cooling.
“Maria says you probably killed Rumlow to save Tony and we should do everything we can to impede the investigation.” Clint answered, matter-of-factly, “Was that wrong? It felt right.” he shrugged.
Nodding, Steve released his hold of Tony and ushered them towards the master bedroom. He quietly asked Clint if he could please clean up the broken glass and spilled coffee left in Tony’s wake. Clint nodded his assent and Steve thanked him. They passed by Sam on the way, Tony’s face firmly hidden in the crook of Steve’s neck. Sam gave him a concerned, questioning look at the couple but Steve shook his head as a signal to not ask questions.
Tony smiled sadly at Dr. Erskine, willing the older man to not see the heartbreak that he’s sure his eyes was projecting for all the world to see. “Okay. I got to go to work. Bye, guys. Will you tell Steve I’ll come by later in the afternoon for him? See you guys.” then Tony stood up, put the coffee mug he’d been drinking from on the coffee table and left the Rogers’ family home.
Horrified at the prospect of Tony upchucking on their lunch, Sam hurriedly threw a towel on the fruit bowl. Tony breathed a sigh of relief as his nausea abated, but when he looked across the counter at Natasha, he said “Can you also cover up the bobas? I can’t look at them right now.”
It was a stressful day for everyone involved, and one that was not made better by what happened the next morning.
Steve felt a smile gracing his face. Then an arm rubbed up and down his biceps in a comforting manner. Thinking he was still dreaming, he decided to open his eyes so as not to fall back asleep.
JW: the avengers are going to murder me before i can murder him
“Ugh, somebody cover those oranges or I’m gonna throw up.” he warned.
“That’s it?” Steve peered closer into his eyes. Damn, having a perceptive Alpha who was also a master tactician was starting to be a hassle when it came to hiding secrets.
“Why do you have a gun?” Bruce reached forward to the gun, picking it up with his hand.
“Tony, darling, what’s the matter? Are you scared?”
named him after you,” Tony corrected, chicken feet demolished and now moving on to the salad, “if we named one of them godparent, they might let him go off and join a circus or worse yet, go to Harvard. Yuck.” Tony made a face.
“JARVIS, show us the footage.” Tony said. JARVIS dutifully projected a hologram of the Tower lobby’s footage, showing an unshaven Bucky Barnes standing in the lobby, wearing an old jacket, a baseball cap and combat boots.
.” Tony chuckled, letting Ulysses gnaw on one of his fingers. With one of his hands preoccupied with being a toy for his son, Tony had to use only one hand to manipulate the blueprint holograph of a new design for Sam’s wings that he had JARVIS project to him. He had been making headway in improving the aerodynamics of them, until something stumped him and he couldn’t figure out how to solve it. Something in the design was bugging him and he couldn’t figure out what it was. Tony swore under his breath, turning the 3D projections in full motion, hoping that maybe seeing it in full would help him.
“Oh, right…” Thor looked down at his food, disappointed.
“Tony, could you please look at me?” Steve’s voice sound faint in Tony’s ears, reverent, though that seemed strange for Tony. Tentatively, Tony did as he was asked only to stare into tearful blue eyes filled with hope and longing. Tony stared back in bewilderment. This was...not what he expected. Steve cupped his face in his big, warm hands and Tony couldn’t help closing his eyes, revelling on the comfort and warmth that simple touch brought him, “How long have you known?” Steve asked again, voice breaking with overflowing emotions.
“Ah, I’m okay. All good now. Joe said I have you to thank for getting back home in one piece. So thanks for that!”
“Man, I’m telling you. I’m looking at Barton in a whole different way.” he observed.
“For the average folks, they just have to go to the nearest plaza or Disneyland, Sir. But for you, I suspect nothing short of a trip to Mars would suffice to escape the dodging of the paparazzis.”
“Another boy?” Steve repeated, his face joyful and elated.
” Joe walked faster away from his father, making a beeline for the hotel lobby.
“What? No, no, no. let me read it,” Tony reached out and flatten the pages so he could read it. “‘We made love tonight. Though it was our first time, it was incredible. I never felt such a connection with another human being before in my life. We need to do this more often!!!’” Tony recited. By the time Tony was finished reciting what Steve wrote, Steve was blushing.
Grabbing a deep red patterned dressing robe that was a size too small for him, Steve tied the sash around his waist to preserve a modicum of modesty, though at this point Steve wasn’t really concerned. Anyone who’s coming to his house before 7 AM and disturbing his mate’s much needed sleep could deal with his nudity. Steve walked to the front door.
“Hmm, I guess.” Tony conceded, still feeling unsure and worried because somehow something didn’t feel right this time.
But all of that had to wait until much later because Joe had another problem. It was Thursday, and Peter usually went on patrol during when Joe had his band practice. It was a perfect plan  since Papa and Babbo weren’t going to question Peter staying at school later than if he was waiting to go home with Joe after he was finished with practice. The problem with that plan arise when it has been thirty minutes after the end of band practice and Peter was nowhere to be found.
! And meaty! Get rid of it!”
“Tony! Can I have one last first kiss?”
“I don’t know if I can forgive him…” Tony whispered brokenly to Lincoln’s statue, putting into words what he feared the most: the end before the beginning.
They didn’t call Tony “The Futurist” for nothing. Just as he predicted, the dinner was a disaster of epic proportion. None of them looked like they wanted to be here. After the maitre’d sat them down at their table, there was an awkward moment when nobody dared to talk and just silently perused the menu. After ordering their meals, the conversation started to flow with Steve first talking about the event at DSA earlier today, everybody listening attentively and laughing when Steve told them he got asked for umpteenth time as to when he would be running for office. Then Tony and Jane started talking science and Thor and Steve discussing the latest season of Lucifer.
“The point is, you don’t have to do this just to impress us, Peter. The life of a superhero is a dangerous one. Don’t do this, unless it’s really something you want to do.” Papa told him.
When Tony looked back around, he saw Sue coming his way with a plate of spam and eggs that smelled amazing. Tony tucked into his breakfast, all thoughts of the Adonis pushed aside temporarily in favor of delicious meal in front of him.
“That
“Yes, yes. So ready for you, champ.” Tony urged, his hands moved to cradle Steve’s head towards him and gently kissing him.
“Yes! Finally! Someone who appreciates art! Steven, I highly approve of your betrothed.”
Avengers Tower lobby was different than a regular building’s lobby. For one, different works of art and installations were there. In Ellie’s opinion, it looked more like a gallery than a office building lobby. The place they were currently visiting was the public lobby where anyone could walk in and look around. There was another section of the tower where Stark Industries employees would enter to access the upper floors of the tower where the offices are located. Ellie heard that there was another entrance that only the Avengers have access to, and that the elevator in that area connected directly to the Penthouse where the heroes resided. Oh, what Ellie wouldn’t give to be able to find that secret entrance. She would go in full fangirl mode if she ever saw any of the Avengers in person. Or passed out. Yes, passing out seemed more likely.
“Well thank you, guys. It’s not a permanent thing, just for a couple of months until i can get this new project up and running.”
“Yes, of course, Mr. Stark. Nice to meet you.” he shook Tony’s hand, “and hello, Ulysses.” he greeted the baby, who promptly turned shy and hid his face in Tony’s neck.
“That was my bad, actually. I thought it was the easiest way to introduce him to math. Oops.” Tony grinned sheepishly. “They’re not actually betting on anything, okay. No reward system, just Uncle Hawky congratulating him for scoring twenty-one.”
Though there are some things he still need to get used to, like the 45 mph speed limit on the freeway and the sporadic and spontaneous rains, he could safely say that he found a place to lay down his roots eventually. It also helped that Hawai’i has a very big potential to be the first state to be powered solely by the arc reactor. Due to its isolated location in the Pacific, relying on imported fossil fuel and coal, have not been sustainable. Right now, supplementing the energy need with solar power was the solution, but if Tony had his way (and he eventually would), the arc reactor would be able to supply the energy for the entire state of Hawai’i, from the Big Island to Ni’ihau, and become the first state in the Union to be powered entirely by renewable energy.
But Bucky being here now presented a new opportunity, a new chance to start over for them, and for the family he dreamt of in the aftermath of SHIELD’s downfall. Bracing himself for what came next, Steve nodded. “I’ll be back.” he told Tony, caressing the omega’s cheek and Ulysses’ back to soothe him.
” Tony frantically asked after Joe who had his nose buried in an astrophysics journal and was eager to escape him towards the lobby.
back on the show, and single handedly demolishing the popcorn. Clint snored louder from the floor and Tony cried harder, bemoaning the insult to Billy Mays’ legacy while Sam laughed so loud he started hiccuping. Natasha was for all intents and purposes watching the TV, but from the slight quirk of her lips Steve was pretty sure all of her focus was still on Tony’s sobbing tirade against Oxiclean.
“Of course, I’m gonna make the call. I’m not soft in the head.” Steve assured his mate.
“That didn’t sound ominous at all.”
“Hey! Hey, guys!” Tony tried in vain to shout over the sound of Sam’s singing. Bucky was playing the guitar and Thor the drums. The three of them were playing Rock Band
Steven, slayer of Medusa.
“What…” Steve dumbfoundedly asked, unsure if he was hearing what he thought JARVIS was saying.
“J, what would be the best way to break the Coulomb barrier necessary to fuse two nuclei together?” Tony asked, booting up the workshop. JARVIS helpfully display their latest simulation, showing a Helium nuclei in the process of fusing with a hydrogen nuclei.
“Okay…” Steve trailed off, inwardly hoping that Tony wasn’t really going to demolish a wall just to bring a stuffed animal inside, “By the way, why are you wearing the armor in the house? Is this a new one?” Steve took in the design. It was sleek, much more sleek than the one he had encountered in the Battle of New York and with more golden tone.
“I’d like to see you try singing a Gaga song, grandpa. You wouldn’t last a chord.”
“Get ready for a major remodel, fellas. We’re in hardware mode!”
“You got hurt on the mission, my love. AIM made a new type of bomb and you were caught up in the blast.”
“I’m sorry, honey. I wish we had more time.” Tony flew further and further up towards the portal as Steve and the rest of the Avengers watched from the ground, helpless and useless as they watched one of their own sacrificed himself to the cause. Steve fought the overwhelming urge to scream and cry and rage at everything around him because this wasn’t fair. He and Tony had just met and now Steve would lose him again. Steve was forced to let him go, yet again.
,” Thor rumbled in perfect Italian, his Allspeak enabled him to speak and comprehend any and all languages available, “
“I love you, Tony. I love you so much, Shellhead. I should have kissed you the moment we met.”
“What?” Tony shrieked, “My baby is part spider!” he then rushed to Peter and hugged him to his chest, surprising Peter who let out a squeaking voice, “Wait, you said the spider that bit you was radioactive. What about-- did it affect you?”
“Seventy years ago, before I got the serum I was getting my ass kicked in base camp. One of the recruits kicked down the barbed wire fence during training and my hands got scratched up protecting my face from the wires. I was on my to the medics camp when someone patched it up for me instead. With just a touch of their hands. Do you know who that person was?”
JR: <3 <3 <3
Oh geez, seemed like Thor and Jane got into another fight.
“He remembers me?” Tony paused, “Holy shit, he remembers me!” Tony ran to the cockpit and demanded the pilot turn the jet around back to Honolulu.
“Wha-- It’s not raunchy. Bucky!” he laughed at Steve’s indignation, it was still easy to rile him up, “it’s a complex book, okay. Way ahead of its time. It wasn’t my fault that nobody else back then understood what it was about.”
Outside, they found Bucky and Sharon at a standoff. Nick and Pierce were standing to side, tensely watching the entire thing unfold. Steve felt Tony behind him where they stood by the bar’s back door. Sharon had her gun pointed at Bucky, who was standing across from her, hands held up in surrender.
“I don’t own a cell phone. Big Brother’ll always know where you are if you got a cell phone.” he answered. Next to Steve, Tony rolled his eyes at Pierce’s paranoia.
They ran towards ground zero, hoping for something, anything that signalled Steve’s survival. They couldn’t imagine coming back home with Steve in a body bag. That would kill their pack. That would kill Tony.
“Let’s go, please, Happy.” Steve implored as he placed Tony securely in the backseat of the Rolls and getting in.
Tony satisfied his craving for curly fries and onion rings while Steve ate his usual meal for three people. They shared a cookies and cream milkshake with two straws, giggling and smiling dopily at each other the whole time.
“Yeah!” Ulysses trailed off, “I’m at a study group...”
Eventually, the inevitable happened.
Steve’s eyes widen. He immediately walked over to his husband, taking in the broken coffee mug and Tony’s drenched pant leg. It was obvious that Tony dropped his coffee mug and made no attempt to move out of the way of scalding hot liquid as it came pouring down.
These were words that all Americans were familiar with. Words that were imprinted in the hearts and minds of its citizens. How Lincoln must have felt, leading the nation during one of the most tumultuous times of its history. Sending men away from their wives and children, sending boys away from their parents to die on the battlefield in the name of preserving the Union. What the weight on his conscience must have felt like, knowing you were sending your people, fellow countrymen, to slaughter and to die, having no choice but to do what must be done to preserve the Union. For six years now, Tony has been living with the guilt of knowing that weapons he designed and created have been used to hurt innocent people, costing the lives of thousands of American service members around the globe. But Lincoln had to live with the knowledge that these men died at the hands of their own countrymen, killing and killed by their own brothers.
“Sweet!”
Tony groaned at the reminder that everyone actually forgot Ulysses and Bucky at the airport. “Relax, Tony. it’s vacation time.”
There was a quiet moment in the nursery as the three men sat in silence, regarding each other. Rhodey was still standing by the bassinet, which was now motionless, staring at them and blinking creepily.
He was filled with so many emotions at once.
“No, not the singing. Although that’s upsetting too. No, I’m talking about Steve and the Wonder Twins. Has anyone heard anything from them? They haven’t given anyone a mission update in three days.”
“Of course, doctor.” Steve answered on their behalf, “we will do as you ask.”
Steve cuddled closer to Tony, placing his hand on Tony’s back and pulling his omega closer to him. Tony instinctively nuzzled closer putting his head in the crook of Steve’s neck where their mated scent, intermingled and combined together after years of mating, was strongest.
Taking a pregnancy test was a lark on his part. Tony’s already in his fifties, his heats have basically stopped. It’s been two years since his last one, so Tony was basically menopausal. And although he and Steve were still very sexually active (Tony would have to be dead not to be sexually active with a mate like Steve), the chances of them conceiving again was zero to none.
“Steve, did that just happen?”
Each one of Peter’s family members were, as Director Fury put it nicely, people with “remarkable talents who came together to become something more”.
“Please, you’re too busy stuffing your face with that bacon blue cheese sundae. You’re not gonna have enough brain power to summon the suit, much less throw me overboard.”
“Babbo’s at the bar with Uncle Clint.” Peter answered, pointing in the direction of the bar where he saw his father and uncle last.
“Let your Babbo know where I went, will you? Thanks, guys.” Steve clapped Ulysses on the back and placed a kiss on Peter’s forehead before heading out.
“Ulysses Rogers, will you be baptized?”
“Clarity of will to shoot him.” Bruce finished for him.
Peter was the last piece of the puzzle, completing their family, making them stronger, sturdier, more connected to each other.
“We’ll make sure of that, doctor.” Natasha answered for them. Steve was busy looking at his reflection in the mirror they provided him, trying to find the resemblance to Johnny Storm like Tony and Natasha declared earlier.
JR: we’re fine. Thanks for your concern
“You’re not afraid of this HYDRA person?”
Ulysses thought for awhile, brow scrunching up cutely, “Um, um...I know this one, Babbo.”
“You fainted, Tony,” Huh, since when did Tony became Tony for Steve? Wasn’t it Mr. Stark, or Stark! (called out in annoyance or exasperation), “You exhausted yourself trying to heal Coulson.”
“Let’s take them all.” She sighed despondently.
The sound of his workshop door opening drew his attention away from Ulysses. He turned to see Natasha walking in to the workshop, carrying a bowl of pasta from last night’s dinner. She walked in and placed the bowl on the empty spaces in between the draft papers and other gadgets strewn about his work desk, and with her eyes told Tony that that he was going to eat that bowl of pasta until there’s not a speck of sauce left. What’s with people trying to feed him these days? He needed to lose the baby weight.
“How the hell did you manage that?” Tony asked, exchanging a bewildered look with his mate.
Obie smile, a little smug in Tony’s opinion. Tony stood up from his chair, wanting to leave and escape to the comfort of his workshop, “Welcome aboard, my boy.” Obie said, and hugged him.
There was a clattering sound from behind him, which was strange because nobody should be in his room unless U figured out a way to escape from Babbo’s workshop again. Sighing, Peter turned around to fetch U and escorted him back to the lab when he staggered mid-step as he saw Joe lounging on Peter’s bed,
(“Barton, if you don’t stop snapping me, I’m gonna put on the suit and toss you off the tower.”
“Okay. Hold my hand if you need to,”
“Of course,” Steve took out his wallet and gave the boy two twenty dollar bills, “get some for your brother too. Speaking of, where’s Ulysses and your Babbo?”
“It’s okay, you didn’t know,” Steve shook his head, “It was a stupid idea anyway. We’ve been together for eighteen years already. Why do we need to renew our vows in the first place?”
“Well technically, Happy lives here. Clint and the squirts practically live here, they’ve colonized the sun room, the living room, the kitchen, the pool and everywhere else. Also, I gave you a room here, all you have to do is just use it. JARVIS is here, So are DUM-E, U and Butterfingers. See, not lonely. Plenty of people around me.” he answered.
He and Steve agreed to keep the pregnancy a secret until they passed the 20th week, as per usual. Nobody noticed anything out of the ordinary, since they were busy with whatever was on their own plates at the moment. Natasha and Clint have been staying in the facility Upstate for the last couple of weeks only coming back down for the weekend, training new SHIELD and Avengers recruits. Sam was called away by the VA to handle a crisis involving a veteran with a severe case of PTSD in Wyoming. Bucky went with him to back him up and accompany him. Bruce was away on a Physics conference in San Diego, giving the keynote speech and other than the Stark-Rogerses Thor was around, left behind to care for their daughter and the daily happenings on New Asgard through conference calls with Brunhilde.
