Steve started the car and moved forward. I looked in the rear view mirror and noticed Bucky was following us. “So, two cars and a brand new omega. Quite the haul for you guys.”
So in this universe the children of Thanos are actually his 'adopted' kids, just like Gamora and Nebula.
I saw Steves eyebrows arch, clearly surprised by my sudden graciousness. I gave him the finger when I thought he wasn’t looking. I was pretty sure Bucky noticed by the way he snorted.
“Don’t -“ I cried, going still when I felt his hand grab my nape. All it would take was for him to press down and I wouldn’t be able to breath. Death from suffocation. Would it feel like drowning?
Thanos hummed lightly, gesturing to his right with his gauntleted hand. “Come Stark and sit with me for a while.”
The creature smiled and then backhanded Tony hard enough to cause his already scattered brain to short circuit. He hissed out a sharp breath before turning on his side and curling into himself a little.
“So it’s my fault for not being more incompetent?” I snapped, my anger quickly replacing my earlier panic.
“I saw him,” a second voice argued, the timber unmistakenly female. “Small, bearded and dirty. He’s been travelling with you for days.”
I debated with myself and I reasoned I was going to have to go to sleep eventually. Driving until I had an accident was just stupid. I found a side road a little while later and pulled off. I hit the engines and just sat there for a little while, trying to calm the vicious beating of my heart as I tried not to think about everything that could have happened to me.
I saw her smirk turn into a frown as she reached for her gun. She pointed it in my face and I instinctively showed my throat. “Stay here,” she commanded, waving the gun at me. “If you move I’ll shoot you in the goddamn leg. You hear me?”
It was approaching dusk when I caught sight of the town walls. I sat forward and almost immediately found myself pinned against the seat by a metal arm. “What are you doing?” I asked, more surprised than angry.
at him. As suspected he deflated a little, making himself look smaller and less threatening. “Hey, it’s OK” he soothed. “You don’t need to be scared. No one's going to hurt you.”
Steve smirked and sat back, looking at me with a thoughtful expression. “You’re living on borrowed time. The fact that you had to come out of hiding means staying under the radar is no longer an option. Sooner or later someone was bound to notice you. You can try to mask your scent all you like, but even under all that stink there’s no hiding what you really are.”
“You might want to avoid thrusting too deep, of course. My gag reflex clearly isn’t what it used to be,” I wiped my mouth and happened to look over my shoulder when I noticed a jeep approaching. That couldn’t be good. “Now who could this be?” I mused out loud.
“All the more reason to stay as far away from him as possible,” she said, tugging hard on his wrist until Tony was standing level with her. “Your suit?”
I fidgeted a little, uncomfortable with the weird vibes the two were giving off. The moment I moved, Steve’s gaze jumped to me, his lips pulling back in a faint snarl as the car drew to a halt.
Had he still been lying there Tony was sure he would have been crushed. Nebula sat up, her arm still locked around his waist as she pulled his back against her chest and continued to edge backwards.
“Calm your ass down,” the beta said, sounding distracted as he looked out the windshield. Much be nice, I thought as the asshole continued to pin me down. “Your boyfriend strong, huh?”
I sat there for a few seconds, considering what to do next. The keys weren’t in the ignition. Clearly they weren’t
“I didn't mean that,” Steve said, looking a little lost. Poor dear really was trying to be kind. It was a pity I wasn’t feeling particularly benevolent . “I’m not trying to degrade you.”
“M’ sorry,” he whispered, staring up at the broken sky. He wanted Pepper. He wanted Happy and Vision and -- he wanted --
, I thought a little numbly as they walked towards me. Bucky didn’t look too great -- his face was covered in blood and he had a huge gash in his forehead. Every inch of available skin looked shredded. How was he even walking?
“You will mind your tongue when you speak to our father, curd,” Proxima Midnight snarled, grabbing the startled Terran by the back of his neck and dragging him up onto his toes. “Look at lord Thanos when he addresses you and show deference in his presence.”
He stood up slowly and was pleased when his legs managed to hold his weight. It was impossible to tell how much time had passed since he’d been taken but he didn’t think it had been more than a handful of days. The healing technology the aliens possessed was extraordinary advanced, especially considering he was pretty much on the brink of death when he was first brought in.
“It would take nothing for me to end you, my child,” Thanos said, lifting his hand and showing the mind-reader his gauntlet. “A mere click of my fingers and you would cease to even exist.”
“I can think of worse things to be,” Tony rasped, forcing himself to meet the aliens fishlike gaze without blinking.
They would have been a hell of a find. Pity I didn’t get the chance to really scope out the van. I guessed it served me right for napping.
“I know you don’t believe me yet, but really Tony we’re all friends here. Where we’re going, you’ll be safe there. Safer than you’ve been since the change,” he gently patted my hand. “And yes, I do promise. I hope one day you’ll believe me, but I really do want what’s best for you, I swear.”
The car went silent - they were ignoring me and the lack of information was making my ears hot. Without really meaning I released a small, warning growl.
We miraculously ended rightside up. I turned my head slowly and felt a little numb when I realised Bucky was no longer beside me. The windshield was destroyed and the logical conclusion was that the man had been thrown from the car, just like I suspected he would be.
“That’s why you’re taking me back, right? To be some assholes baby-maker? To lie back and think of England and push out some kids for the good of mankind…”
“I can’t wait to get back,” Bucky said, ignoring us both as he settled back in his chair and rubbed tiredly at his eyes. “I’m gonna sleep for a week straight.”
About five more minutes passed before I felt something sharp and metal under my fingertips. I grasped it excitedly and immediately fell back against the wall of the van. I took a moment and realised how badly I was shaking.
“Good luck with that,” I sniped, honestly unable to help myself. Despite my sass, I didn't resist as I was pressed flat against the bed. “So why the stopover?” I asked, genuinely intrigued.
“He has other uses,” Thanos said, watching as the human was lowered to the ground and immediately tried to squirm out of his daughter’s grasp. “Intellect can do much, when properly nurtured,” he wiped his finger over the still healing cut on his cheek and watched the Terran's eyes widen in understanding. “You recall Nebula,” he said, gesturing to the girl, lying prone beside his throne. Stark had clearly already seen her and didn’t react. “You will keep her company whilst I take court. Observe, my child.”
I punched him in the face. I’m pretty sure the blow hurt my hand more than it hurt his jaw. He just shook his head and then I was being dragged towards Steve. I tried to dig my heels in but the man was so much stronger than me. I couldn’t even slow him down.
“I didn’t mean it like that. It’s just that, usually, after the initial panic wears off most of the omegas we rescue are thankful. There’s so much worse out there, after all. They at least understand that we’re not like them.”
“You OK in here?” he asked brightly, his eyes passing over me speculatively. “You were making a hell of a ruckus.”
I was very young when I first realised there was something fundamentally different about me. At first I couldn’t understand why the other kids didn’t want me to play with them, especially when they so readily accepted one another. I grew up believing there was something wrong with me --
“Stay,” he said, in the manner someone might talk to their dog. He closed the door and moments later I felt the engine roar to life and we were moving.
“I do oppose you,” Tony said, lifting his gaze and meeting the aliens with all the hatred he could muster. “I despise you.”
The sight of the stones made Tony’s insides feel like they were drenched in ice water. He wanted to run away, preferably screaming his goddamn head off. Instead, he took a small breath and walked to the indicated spot.
The grip tightened as another hand circled Tony’s throat. Not squeezing. Not yet, but the threat was clear. Keep struggling and risk a throttling.
“As you command, my lord,” the Maw said pleasantly, clearly pleased with himself as he swept out of the room Morticia-Adams-style.
“I don’t want to,” Tony said, digging his heels in only to be dragged off his feet. He stumbled to his knees and was dragged until he managed to find his footing “No, wait.”
The ship appeared to be huge but it was far from pretty. No one smiled or laughed. It was like being at SHIELD headquarters, only dirtier and uglier.
Seemed like Bucky was up and back to fighting fit. He and Rogers were literally tearing the bikers apart. Even as I watched, Bucky tore the arm off the annoying beta woman. She fell to the floor in a pool of her own blood, screaming hysterically and crying for help. The other bikers fell back after that, leaving her to die as they made a break for the bikes.
Bucky’s lip twitched into a smile. Smiling was good. Smiling meant he might actually like me a little. “How about you sit by the window this time? I’ll even wind it down, in case you need to, you know...”
“You truly are soft hearted creatures, to care for a woman you barely even know. It is a weakness, Stark.”
“It’s difficult to remember everyone doesn’t act that way. That some people are -- softer-- kinder.”
“Where’s here?” I asked, unresisting as he lifted me over the gear stick and pulled me out of the drivers-side door. Were we in their settlement already? They said they were only a day away, but that was before the fight.
I lay their for a while, thinking about all the terrible things that could have happened and working myself into an utter state. I must have fallen asleep because it was daylight when I was woken by a soft knocking sound.
. His face was a mess of deep abrasions, blood and grit. How the hell was he even sitting upright with wounds like that?
I felt smothered, trapped and helpless -- all emotions I absolutely abhorred. I caught Steve’s scent and lifted both of my hands, relieved they were mostly free. I could hear his sure, even breaths and realised that
I filled the car with some innate chatter, enjoying the way Steve’s shoulders stiffened every time I managed to strike a nerve.
I wasn’t surprised when Bucky grinned at me. He seemed like the sort of Alpha that didn’t posture or bully. Despite my accusation I didn’t think he was the sort of man to lash out because someone refused to submit.
“I’m not unhappy to see your face,” she answered, closing her eyes and pressing her cheek against the floor. “Where have you been?”
, I was worse off than I first thought. I stumbled forward a few feet and then collapsed. My ears were ringing and I wondered briefly if I had a concussion. I didn’t remember hitting his head but everything had happened so quickly. I reached out and tentatively ran my fingers through my filthy hair and felt a spark of panic when they came back sticky with blood.
Tony closed his eyes but it did nothing to block out the sound of snapping and cracking. He wanted to plug his ears but Nebula was holding him immobile and he couldn’t break her hold. He couldn’t plead with her or scream or do anything other than listen to another living creature be tortured and agonisingly killed right in front of him for the crime of wanting to avenge his family.
, Tony thought a little hysterically. They were the last two people left alive on the planet, he was pretty sure he was dying and his companion had the emotional range of a gnat.
I scrambled back, grabbing the cuffs and putting them back on without locking them. I had just enough time to pocket the screw and then the door opened and Bucky was peering in at me.
He gasped as his body was literally thrown through the air and he hit the floor with a painful thud. He grunted at the impact, groaning softly as he tried to scramble back to his feet, only to be forced down by an invisible force.
“If I let you go, what will you do? I hope you’ll forgive me for saying so but you don’t exactly look like you’re in the best of health. You said earlier that you hadn’t eaten in, what was it, three days? You’re underweight, you’re filthy and you stink like fear and sickness. So what will you do if I let you go?”
The alien guaffed mockingly. “She is the weakest among us. A disgrace to our father and a traitor. Death would be too kind an end for Nebula, though she may soon beg for it.”
I woke with a jolt, disorientated and groggy. I was still exhausted, which is why I didn’t immediately notice why my heart was beating painfully hard in my chest. It wasn’t until I tried to move and realised
“You’ll bring him into the fold, my lord?” the Ebony Maw asked, his distaste clear as his hand tightened rigidly on the terran’s shoulder.
I plastered myself against the passenger side window and bared my throat. Steve scent was giving off a startling sense of
It was pathetically simple for him to maneuver me into the cuffs and drag me outside. The barman and Steve shook hands and then he followed us outside. I fought with everything I had, kicking and screaming. Steve just threw me over one large shoulder and walked until we reached a beat up looking van. They opened the back and Steve placed me inside with surprising gentleness.
Steve was standing with his back to me a little further up the road. Bucky was lying in the recovery position next to him. I wondered if he was dead.
“That’s it?” I asked incredulously. “His face looks like someone went to town with a cheese grater. You don’t just walk off that shit.”
, was looming over him, their faces only inches apart. Tony felt his panic flare. How was he alive? He was sucked out into the vacuum of space. How could anything survive that? “Hey, Squidward,” he said, unable to hold the words back despite the ice cold fear he felt running through his veins. “Kudos for still being alive. I guess you must be really good at holding your breath.”
“No,” Tony gasped, struggling harder. He thought back, trying to remember. He had been alone with Nebula and she was scared. The ship was destroyed and she had been so sure her father would return for her.
Bucky shrugged, plunging beneath the water and spilling suds over the sides of the tub. Steve signed and client yes his jaw, but he didn’t scold the other man for making a mess.
Instead of trying to run i rushed back towards Steve and the other van. Instinct took over and i just needed to hide. With one last desperate look at the bikers I dropped to my stomach and crawled underneath the engine.
I bit back my immediate response, which was to tell him to fuck off. “What time is it?” I asked, feeling all sorts of groggy. God, what I would have given for a cup of coffee.
“You are useful to me,” Thanos agreed. “And loyal. And so you will tend to the human. Keep him well and unharmed and you will be rewarded. If he survives you can rest assured you will have gained my favour.”
I started when I heard a number of booming voices, resonating from inside the saloon. I stopped mid step, spooked like a goddamn rabbit. The place looked as rough as fuck. Was I really desperate enough to go in there?
Tony nodded slowly and looked back at the ship. With the right tools he knew he could fix it, but his lab was billions of light years away and he was pretty sure that if he didn’t receive medical attention soon he would die anyway.
, that’s enough,” Bucky said quickly, stepping towards me. “You don’t want us to touch you. Fine. Get in the car.”
“Tony,” Bucky said softly, like he was talking to a child. “We’re not going to make you do anything you don’t want to. It’s just — you’re filthy. It can’t be comfortable.”
“Just calm down,” Bucky said, forcing me to straighten up from where I was sprawled across his lap, trying to get to the doorhandle.
Thanos turned back to hall and moments later the great doors swung open, drawing everyone attention. Tony took the opportunity to edge closer to Nebula. If he could get his hands on something sharp he was sure he could break the thread. As he reached for her, her hand shot out and gripped his wrist. She shook her head slowly.
Steve opened the car and took my arm in a surprisingly gentle hold. He pulled me out until I was standing between them. His hand reached into my waistband and he pulled out Bucky’s gun -- the gun I had forgotten about in my terror -- I was such a fucking idiot. Both men looked me over, assessing and deadly.
He must have zoned out because the next thing he knew Nebula had stopped walking. He looked up and realised the ship was laid out in front of them, cut almost completely in half. “That’s not good,” he said hollowly, resting his chin on Nebula’s shoulder as he surveyed the wreckage.
Tony looked between them, too tired to point out that a night was hardly going to make that much of a difference.
It did sound tempting and it seemed pretty pointless to fight them for the sake of it. I clearly wasn’t going anywhere until the opportunity presented itself. I shrugged and stepped past him, collapsing down in front of the fire.
She continued to stare before abruptly releasing a brittle pearl of laughter.Though it clearly hurt her she struggled into an upright position. “Do you seek to replace what you’ve lost, Thanos?” she rasped, gaining the titans attention. “The Terran is not Gamora. He will not bring you the joy you seek.”
“Stupid,” I hissed, struggling to maintain my balance as the van picked up speed. I crawled onto my knees and frantically ran my cuffed hands across the filth-covered floor, looking desperately for something I could use to escape. Just my luck that my abductors were equally as fictitious about their transportation as they were about their unusually tidy asses. “So fucking stupid. I shouldn’t have gone into the town. I knew something bad would happen and I did it anyway. So fucking stupid.”
The woman’s eyes flickered back to me, clearly cataloguing the way he was pinning me to the seat. She frowned and I gave her a little salute.
She snorted irritably and completely ignored him. “The ship may yet be in one piece. Finding it is our only chance.” She started forward again, pulling Tony with her. “We need to hurry.”
. He resisted the urge to lower his gaze when the mad titan’s violet eyes swept over him, the lips of the bastard twisting into a serene smile that didn’t belong on the face of a mass murderer.
Because, despite everything, I had no desire for everything to just end. Things could get better. I had to believe that this fuckup of a life wasn't my only shot.
They’d probably been tailing them all day and I was too wrapped up in his own panic to notice. No wonder Bucky had been ignoring me.
I moved methodically, searching for anything sharp enough to pick the lock on the cuffs. I had a plan. Get the cuffs off and then get out of the moving van before we arrived at wherever it was they were taking me.
“Damn it Terran,” she snarled, reaching down and dragging him to his feet when he fell. “Must I carry you?”
I waited until we reached 60 miles per hour and stretched my arms languidly. Bucky clearly didn’t expect me to suddenly reach out and grab the wheel. Why would he when I’d acted so perfectly docile for days?
“Would it surprise you if I said yes?” Tony asked, trying not to squirm with discomfort. He wanted the alien away from him. He needed a moment. He needed to think, to plan and to escape. He needed -- Goddamn it, he needed time to mourn. ”She’s your sister, isn’t she. Don’t you care what happens to her?”
Steve rose from the office chair, his own tac suit zipped and pristine once more. “And if I said I wanted more?” Steve asked.
now. JARVIS could switch the pitch of his voice to show a change in tone and could joke around with the best of them. He still remembered when JARVIS had been nothing but a line of code that he had spent all of his waking hours working on in a coffee-fueled, sleep-deprived haze.
recently added retro-reflective paneling to it. "Once we give you the all-clear, we'll be right on top of them and—"
No casings? What kind of bomb left behind no casings? Even if the bombers were suicide bombers, there had to be some kind of debris or shrapnel left behind. Tony would know. He placed one of his hands over the arc reactor. If Rhodey noticed, he thankfully didn’t mention it.
“That’s why we’re here,” Tony says insistently. “To put a stop to it. I was looking into Zola’s experiments—“
All chatter had ceased in the great hall as the entire court witnessed his father go pale, then scarlet, then finally violet before he spat out the words, “Thank you for this lovely gift Lord Barnes,” for Steve had been too shocked to speak. Gracious indeed. His father had eaten his own words.
Steve smiles, a bigger one than the last one. His thumb has slid under Tony's shirt, rubbing circles into his hip. "Thank you," he murmurs. "It's just... I'm worried about the mission."
“Of course you don’t. He’s not a blond with a big rack,” Happy quipped. “At first it was fine, they were talking business, but now it’s like getting weird. He’s showing her a big brain.”
“You seem tense,” Tony said, walking Mark 42 behind the arm chair. A strong sense of pride overcame him as Pepper leaned back into the suit’s embrace with a blissful sigh as it started to massage her shoulders. His suits had come so far. The fact that he had enough control over Mark 42 to be gentle with the human body while he wasn’t even in the suit made him want to set off fireworks.
"That's a relief," Clint says, actually sounding relieved. "Who else is gonna call me out on my bullshit?"
They break apart because, unfortunately, air is necessary to live. Tony has half a mind to invent a way for humans to survive without air if it meant he could spend the rest of his life kissing Steve.
"Remember, you have to return the stones at the exact moment you got them," Bruce said. "Or you're gonna open up a bunch of nasty alternative realities." His green visage still took some getting used to. It was startling to hear full, comprehensible sentences come out of the Hulk's mouth but Bruce finally seemed at ease with himself and really, that's all Steve could ask for him. That's all he could ask for any of his teammates. For them to have peace.
Tony pulled back and thought of the picture he made with his swollen lips all pink and shiny with saliva, lashes wet with unshed tears. “On my face. Do it on my face,” he said and for good measure opened his mouth and stuck out his tongue.
"We'd just be running booths, meet and greets, that sort of stuff.  Nothing too crazy," Tony says. Pretty run of the mill stuff for a fundraising event.
“She thought she was getting help,” Clint says so quietly, Tony thinks he might have misheard him. “And they slaughtered her. Like a dog.”
“Think I might take a page out of Barton's book. Settle down and build Pepper a farm,” Tony had said with a false grin.
Steve at least tried to stifle his laugh, but Bucky spared no such courtesies letting out a hearty chuckle.
Besides, his tower is enormous, and he knows it like the back of his hand; it takes nothing for him to avoid Steve without making it obvious.
Steve tilts his head and runs a hand up Tony's thigh until he's tantalizingly close to cupping his cock. "Desperate. Wanting. Regardless of what you want to call it, I like seeing you as wrecked as I've felt these past couple of months."
And Pepper was great, really. She was beautiful and willful and as sharp as a tack. She and Steve had bonded over worrying about Tony who had called them both mother hens while rolling his eyes. Pepper had said that she and Steve were the only ones who had sense.
put the fear of God in him. Hundreds of the Chitauri’s strange whale-like creatures that also served as ships moved in a facsimile of gracefulness and beauty, closing in on the portal. They were closing in on him and everything he had ever cared about.
Bucky shook his head. “My gift wasn’t entirely a joke,” he said in explanation at Steve’s questioning head tilt. “I want you to remember your 21st birthday.”
"One machine gun down," Tony reports. He stalks over to the HYDRA agent he shot and takes the handgun for himself. Ignoring the agent's blank, dead stare, he looks over the gun, trying to get a feel for how it functions. It's all sleek curves and silver chrome, a current of cobalt energy coursing through it like blood. He aims the gun and pulls what he hopes is the trigger at the gunner. The HYDRA agent screams as Tony's shot makes its target, charring his skin. "Make that two," Tony says. "The north side of the base is clear."
They couldn’t help him. No one could help him. It was always him making the sacrifice play so no one else could get hurt and yet they got hurt
you until you’re coming all over your goddamn stomach,” Steve punctuates his words with a hard thrust, and that’s
And so Steve had ended up going home to the tower with a box full of puppies and a significantly lighter wallet.
Whatever peace they have following the carnival quickly dies when HYDRA rears its ugly head. Again. Tony hates how devoted they are to living up to their namesake. He had hoped that they would take their time to regroup after the fall of SHIELD, but apparently, four months was more than enough time. HYDRA's power ran that strong.
“Tony, I ate boiled potatoes for nearly twenty six years of my life. If you think I’m going to keep up that habit when I have the entire world’s food at my finger tips, you’re not as much of a genius as I thought,” he said, carrying two plates loaded down with pasta to the small square dining table near the kitchenette.
“Don’t say that,” Steve rasps, unclenching his fist and setting his big hand atop Tony’s. “Leaving you behind was the hardest thing I have
"Is it just me, or do those guns remind anybody else of the Chitauri's weapons?" Clint says over the comms.
Tony’s hands crept up to Steve’s shoulders. His thumbs rubbed strong circles into the muscle of Steve’s back, working out whatever knots he felt. “If you’re almost done, I don’t see any reason why you can’t take a break. It’s not the end of the world if you don’t finish it tonight.”
That had been three months ago. And Tony…Tony knew Steve’s body just as well as he knew his own now.
“You’re wearing this in the house now?” She asked, walking closer to the suit. “What is that, like Mark 15?”
Steve tugged at the collar of his thrice-damned doublet, the air in his chambers suddenly unbearable. Even though it was the peak of summer, his servants had lit his fireplace casting his rooms in an amber glow.
“Running away from me, already?” he murmurs into Tony’s ear. Steve’s like a furnace, heat coming off of him in waves. The shower has gone from mildly hot to scorching.
to let me work on her. At least once,” Tony pleaded looking at him with his bright brown eyes and Steve’s breath caught in his throat.
Bruce purses his lips but based on the flush spreading across his face, Tony can tell they're wearing him down.
He pushed all thoughts of anxiety attacks and New York and aliens from his mind, instead choosing to focus on the ventilation system of all of his suits. He had felt so short of breath in the suit. It was like all of the air in his lungs had been sucked out by some great hulking beast into its own greedy chest. Another idea floated at the edge of his mind as he worked. At Murray’s, Tony had been frozen in time as if someone had put glue down on his chair beforehand. And the suit had been so far away…
It's like three weeks late but Happy New Year! I know it's been a *cough* few months *cough* but I'm not dead! 2020 did not kill me and I am still working on this fic! I work retail and now that Christmas is over, I should have more time to focus on my writing, which is the reason why I'm updating today.
“He told me how you used to spread your legs for him like a good cockslut.” Steve’s foot pressed harder against Tony’s groin. Tony bit his lip, trying desperately to hold back a moan. Just because he enjoyed the attention didn’t mean he
"Something like that," Steve said. His father grunted, which Steve supposed was his sign of approval. "Father if I may," Steve said before his father could leave him to his own devices, "something's come to my attention that I would like to discuss with you."
Steve forges on. “I lost everything. Everyone. All because I wasn’t quick enough. I didn’t fight hard enough.”
Unfortunately, they were only allowed a 45 minute lunch and Tony was going to make the most of it. His daydreaming would have to wait. Especially when the real thing was right in front of him. Licking his lips, Tony did as he was told like he really was nothing more than a common whore and took the zipper between his teeth. The metal was cool and bitter on his tongue as he slowly, perhaps too slowly given how Steve’s hips bucked, pulled the zipper down with one motion.
“I like the first one,” Chris said, biting her lip. “Hell, you all know why I’m here already, what else do I have to hide?”
“Enter,” he called out, damning the wine at that moment as he tried to piece together who could be visiting him at such a late hour.
Rhodey’s brows had furrowed as he looked Tony over. Did he…did he not know who Tony was? “Howard…” Rhodey had said before his eyes widened.
Steve doesn’t try to block that day from his mind. It would be doing a disservice to both him and Tony. They had gotten off on the wrong foot in the beginning, practically itching for a fight. And now…Steve doesn’t know what to call them now. All he knows is that Tony drives the cold away. With his blinding grin and his near manic energy and his big brown eyes, whenever Tony directs his full attention at him, it’s like he’s laying out in the sun.
"Got it," Natasha says a second later. "I'm sending Thor to you. But first, Hawkeye, let's show these boys a little reciprocity, hm?" Natasha's voice is like ice. Tony almost feels bad for those poor HYDRA agents operating those machine guns. Almost. If only they weren't the scum of the earth.
But as Rhodey’s laughter, ringing brightly like a bell, warms Tony from the inside like the sun, he can hardly bring himself to care.
Perhaps he should have seen it coming. After their little...tryst in the shower, Steve had asked him about his kinks.
have to lay the boy he had been to rest. His father would want him betrothed, wedded, and with an heir on the way within the year. When Steve pondered his fate, he couldn’t see himself living like his father or ruling like him with an iron fist. He didn’t want to marry some nobleman's daughter, nor did he want to be a father so soon. He felt as if he were still a boy, still figuring out what he wanted out of life.
The roaring of a car turning the corner and coming to a stop at the sidewalk with an audible screech shook Steve to his very core. Only one person could be behind that wheel.
"I'll be there with you," Thor says, his voice a soft timber. "I won't let anything happen to you. None of us will."
Tony sighs. He’s too old to be having this conversation and telling Steve the truth would just be mortifying. “
Tony picks up Steve's phone. He doesn't ask why Steve was waiting for him, and Steve doesn't ask why he was in his workshop at two in the morning.
Fear tried to sink its claws into him but he shook it off. He couldn’t afford to be afraid. Not when the fate of this timeline was resting on him.
“What else can I call you?” Steve held up a hand as she opened her mouth to speak, “Please don’t make me call you ‘Ancient One.’”
Tony smiled up at him with delight. Steve loved his smile so much. He would like to kiss it one day, if Tony would let him.
Potts didn't say anything, so Stevens checked to make sure he didn't sustain any other injuries. He gently ran his hands along Potts' sides and then his chest, the touch grounding. He paused when he felt something odd.
Steve looked at him with confusion, but Tony was brisk walking to the kitchen. “You can make yourself comfortable, Cap. I’ll just grab us some food and water.”
He was delighted to catch sight of another blush on Steve's cheeks, colouring them a soft and beautiful pink.
"Come sit next to me." Tony said, and Steve was startled out of his reverie. For a moment he was confused, but Tony threw him a glance and he quickly made his way to the couch. "Not too close." Tony warned him, so Steve settled himself closer to the armrest away from Tony.
“Have a good day, kid.” Steve greeted him, as he passed by him through the door. It slid shut behind Steve and he was hit with a direct blast of Tony’s pheromones. It was thick in the air, a spicy and warm scent that made Steve’s glands ache.
Alpha, Beta and Omega. There was a surprisingly large amount to read up on. Social dynamics, mating cycles, courting rituals, the biology of an Apha versus that of an Omega. The reproduction cycle.
Steve shrugged. He was sitting on the floor beside Tony’s workstation. Tony had covered it in blankets and pillows, and well, it was almost like a den. Steve hadn’t felt this relaxed in a while. Tony checked him in the shoulder with his hip. He stood over his workstation and was fiddling with a device. (“I need to be doing ten things at once, Steve. It’s like, a requirement.”)
Steve flushed. “Could you maybe put your hand on my stomach?” He had this man’s dick in his ass, but asking him for a belly rub was hard to do. Steve would have scoffed at himself, if he hadn’t been doubled over in pain.
Steve struggled to get a handle over himself as his nether regions throbbed with these new sensations. He moved his arm away from his face and looked down between his legs. Tony was grinning at him like a particularly pleased puppy. Steve rolled his eyes to hide the affection that surged up within himself in response.
“Of course, I will.” Steve replied, matter of fact. But the heat in his voice and the dark blush on his cheeks betrayed him.
“You can’t spend the day walking around here smelling like sweat and me,” Tony finishes for him. The disappointment he feels is quelled by Steve’s words. Knowing that Steve likes Tony’s scent, when Greg had always called it ostentatious and scrunched up his nose in distaste when they were still children and not required to wear scent blockers.
He reminds himself to breathe. This is so unfair; Steve loves Tony's face, and it's largely because of Tony that Steve finds himself with a newly discovered preference for facial hair. But now, Steve looks at Tony's face miserably, he finds that he doesn't mind the new look at all. He can see the smile lines at the corners of Tony's mouth more clearly, and he finds himself fixating on it.
Tony hummed, His mouth quirked in that familiar way of his as he looked back at Steve fondly. “Just a little wiped out, is all.” He said.
Tony flushed at the insinuation. There was no way, maybe this was just a very realistic fever dream.
Steve gasped when he felt a probing finger petting the rim of his asshole, Tony pushed the tip of his finger in and that was the tipping point for Steve. He lost awareness of everything around himself as he came. His body pulled taught as the pleasure coursed through him. A simmering warmth that reached deep within him to light up his core.
“It’s a part of his charming good looks.” Potts says, and then gathers Cap into his arms, “Who’s my handsome guy, huh Cap?” He coddles, and the pup wriggles excitedly, a pink tongue darting out to lick kisses onto Potts’ greying beard.
Steve did know how it goes. He cast a doubtful eye over Stark’s outfit. “Let me know if you need any help. My cabin’s just further down that side.” He pointed towards a clump of trees that looked just about the same as anywhere else around these parts.
After a moment of gathering his wits, Tony sat up. He looked admiringly at what was probably a prominent bite mark on Steve’s neck. “Gorgeous,” he praised reverently, touching Steve’s come marked side. He looked almost hypnotized as he rubbed his spent all over Steve’s skin. His eyes were glazed over, and Steve realized that the rut had taken over Tony’s faculties. Steve lay under Tony. His neck felt tender and his cock felt like the smallest touch would be his undoing. Tony leaned over and pressed a soft kiss against Steve’s mouth. His hands snuck under Steve’s t-shirt and he tugged at it. Steve scrambled to help him take it off of himself. Tony chuckled at his enthusiasm. Steve glared at him but faltered when he noticed the almost feral expression on Tony’s usually dignified face.
"Oh that. Of course he is, I made sure to mention it on your profile when I created it." Anthony fiddled with Tony's phone and then flipped the device to show Tony the screen. "See says right here, "Omega male into other omega. The app also helps filter things based on preferences, and I created a program to filter out possible creeps with uncle Greg's help."
Steve doesn't reply. He finishes his food and sets his plate on top of the trolley. Then, he stands up and looms over Tony who had been sitting on the bed. Tony looks up at Steve,wide-eyed, as Steve takes his plate from his hands and sets it on the trolley over his own. Then, he reaches down and pulls Tony's shirt off in a smooth movement. "Wha-" Tony starts to question him in bewilderment, but Steve steps into the part of his legs, hooks a finger under Tony's chin, and tilts his head up. He drags both of his hands through Tony's hair, messing it up further, and then trails his fingers down along Tony's cheekbones. He makes sure the inside of his wrist presses against every inch of skin he touches, leaving a trail of his scent in its wake. And then he rubs his thumb over Tony's mouth until it reddens. He lets his thumb dip between Tony's lips and then smears the wetness along his plush bottom lip.
"Wait." He says, and then runs his fingers through his hair and pulls off his sleep pants so he's only in his boxers and shirt.
"I beg your pardon. I am perfectly capable of calling Mr. Rogers by his first name. There's just an order to these things." Tony sniffed.
When he woke up in the twenty-first century he had been confused about why his pheromones weren’t running rampant after decades of being off his suppressants. But Fury had cornered him the first chance he got when Stark wasn’t hovering around Steve like an overprotective dog and explained that he had been personally injecting Steve with suppressants before he woke up. Fury patted Steve once on the shoulder and said, “Some secrets are better left buried.”
Tony was always contrary. His body, his words, his eyes. They all spoke a different language. One Steve was steadily learning to interpret. “Let me in there.” He said. “I’m his teammate. We’re...pack.” The admittance left an awkward tang on his tongue. But it felt true to Steve. Tony was friendly in a way that bordered on too much. He touched Steve liberally and leaned into his space at his own whim. But he also turned to Steve, during missions and out of them, he looked at Steve, considered his opinions, his orders. He was Steve’s responsibility.
Steve flushed, and dropped the demon instantly. There was really no explanation for how he had been discretely feeling Stark up. Steve was a hermit, it had been a while since he touched
“Well done on bringing the stone in everyone. We’ve managed to secure at one of our facilities. The chief has been detained as well and will remain under interrogation until we know further.” Fury informed them.
Steve glanced up at Tony. Sensing Steve’s attention, Tony looked up from his tablet and smiled at Steve, he rested his head on his palm, “The crazy things we go through on the job, huh?”
Steve woke up feeling almost too warm that morning. He shuffled around a bit and then pried his eyes open. A tuft of dark hair blocked his vision and he huffed in amusement. Anthony was flopped over his chest, the two year old sleeping comfortably with his mouth open, one foot of the Iron man plushie he was snuggling with stuffed into his mouth. Steve rubbed a hand along the boy’s back.
spend every waking second there. When I’m not at school, or well, when Pa lets me stay up past bedtime on a school day. We debate about it on thursdays.” Peter explained cheerfully.
“Please,” Steve gritted out. He felt embarrassed by his own emotion. Ever since he stopped his suppressants his instincts became almost painful to bear with. To be Omega, to be lacking. He knew he would have to admit it, because even if Tony wouldn’t sacrifice to help himself, he would do it for Steve. It might be despicable of him to use Tony like this, but he said it anyway. “I could be your Omega. You could teach me.”
They can. Steve's gone over the mission multiple times in his head. Their target is Omega traffickers who have been using a pheromone spray to induce heat and kidnap omegas under the pretence of aiding them. The mission objective is to find out where the central warehouse is located. It's a risk, but Steve received credible information of its location in Florence, a city bustling with tourists.
“You really know how to do a guy a solid, Cap.” Tony laughs, and Steve’s lips quirk involuntarily as he smiles dopily at Tony.
Tony gave him a short bark, and then backed away from Steve. He concentrated, his lithe body vibrating with the effort. But even after a minute, he remained the same. Frustrated canine eyes met with Steve’s own. Steve got to his knees in front of Tony and considered him. He thought about the Tony he knew on the field, about the Tony being hounded by the paparazzi everyday, about the Tony who was Iron man.
It was two weeks before Potts saw Stevens again. He was in the labs, arguing with Pym over the list of new equipment they needed to to hand over to Director Carter. The Director requested they work with a shared budget, which was blasphemy itself (sure the budget was more than generous for both their needs, but the idea of requiring to have this discussion with Pym each time he wanted to put in an equipment order made Potts want to scream.)
Steve stiffened, and Tony immediately released the contact. "I'm sorry, was that too soon?" He asked, worried.
Tony wiped his nose, and a streak of oil covered it. He didn’t realize and went back to fine tuning the underbelly of the vehicle. “The Great Supernatural War.” He scoffed. “More like The Great Political Agenda In Disguise.”
“Bre’fas’.” Ant declared as Tony came into the room with a tray filled with food. “Dada made. Ant helped.”
Stevens' mouth twitched into a grin. "No, I'm sure she'd be able to find us plenty of work if she did."
Steve’s mother wasn’t wealthy by a long shot, but she was an alpha nurse. Steve still wasn’t certain what she had done to get her hands on the medication. He was pretty sure it was something illegal. His mother had always been kind to him, except that one time after he presented. She had gripped his shoulders firmly as she looked him in the eye. He had been thirteen then, and frightened by the crazed look in his usually gentle mother’s eyes. “Please, Stevie.” She had begged as her nails pinched into his skin. “You must never forget to take them. Ever. This is not like your other medication.
The puppy is tiny, and the tag on his collar reads, ‘Cap.’ The fur on his back is light brown and his belly is a fluffy white. Cap gnaws on a wrench as Stevens brushes a thumb on his forehead.
“It was such a stupid war too, if you think about it.” Tony grumbled. He was fixing the Jeep Steve had bought from a farmer thinking it would be efficient. The old thing required way more maintenance than it looked like it did, and it looked like it required a lot. But Steve easily got attached to his things.
The ride back was a lot quieter and Tony wracked his mind for something charming to say. Anything that would make Steve want to keep going on dates with him. It didn't take much for Tony to realise that he liked Steve, both his strength and his vulnerability.
“Steve, you still don’t have to do this. I probably don’t have much time left anyway.” Tony whined, and Steve didn’t have the words to explain all the things he was feeling right now so he did the first thing he could think of. He took off his pants. They had been soaked.
Stevens tried not to jump to conclusions as he stormed each floor, desperately searching for Potts. He finally found him under a desk, bleeding out. He attempted to ignore the amount of blood and Potts' pale face. He assessed the injury- it was a gun shot through the thigh- and then he used his shirt to compress the wound.
Then he dove back down and stuck his tongue back into Steve. He licked Steve’s entrance again, lathering it with his own saliva.
Obviously that had been a mistake, because if Stevens had paid attention he would have known about this earlier. He isn’t even surprised to find Wilson there, likely waiting for him. A few junior agents have congregated too, sipping hot coffee from their SHIELD mugs trying, and failing, to hold back their giggles.
Tony laughed shyly, and then caught Steve’s hand in his own, entangling their fingers so their wedding bands pressed together. “I know, darling. It was the best day of my life.”
Tony was glad that all his cars were equipped with a magnificent autopilot mode because he wasn't sure how reliable his driving skills were at the moment. "Are you sure?" He asked, with ill-concealed disbelief.
He managed to fight through it however, and then signed up for one of SHIELD's gene mutation programs when he was twenty one. The results had been better than anyone could expect, on the outside Stevens looked like a whole new person. Peggy Carter offered him a position, and for the first time in his life Stevens found himself conflicted over what the right thing to do was.
He was exhilarated, but also a little distracted and that was probably why the stray bullet managed to hit him.
It takes Tony a little too long before he realizes that maybe this isn’t something Steve wants him to see, if his expression is anything to go by. He hurriedly turns around, “Sorry love, I’ll be out of your hair in a second.” The words pass his mouth, but his voice doesn’t sound like anything he’s familiar with. Breathy, and choked. “Just came for my phone,” he adds, like an explanation would help the situation. He makes himself turn the handle of the door again, ready to step back out.
"Good foresight on ordering room service. This way we get to keep up with our disguise and I can fuel up." Tony says through a mouthful of schiacciata.
Tony felt the oncoming panic attack and he abruptly stood. Steve and Peter’s worried faces were crowding him, and Tony- he- he couldn’t breathe. He just needed to get out of here, to get to the open. He didn’t know how he managed to deploy the armor when he was pretty sure he couldn’t speak. But the armor flew him out of the tower until he was miles away, circling under New York’s sky. He found a place to land, on top of a shawarma shop for some reason, and suffered through his panic attack.
"I'd like to know." Stevens said, and placed a hand on the bed by Potts' elbow. The tips of his fingers brushed across bared skin.
Tony’s eyes were wide and dark as his head snapped back to Steve. A feral, and possessive growl ripped through his throat. With a strength Steve had known he had, but never experienced himself, Tony picked Steve up off the floor and manhandled him onto his back making sure the cameras could see them. He got onto his knees between the part of Steve’s legs, and looked up at the cameras. His entire stance was hostile, muscles rippling as he hovered over Steve.
Steve quirked a brow, “We’re already married. Two years ago, in fact.” He waved the hand donning his wedding band about to make his point.
The surveillance room didn’t have as many people crowding it as Steve had presumed there might be. He understood why. This could get nasty really quick if it hit public ears. It had already been a day and a half since Tony had been attacked, since he had been stuffed into a tiny padded room, void of anything he might use to hurt himself with. Accidentally or intentionally.
“Didn’t think the resident normie could pack a punch, Captain?” Tony teases, pushing back the hair that had fallen loose over his forehead. Steve’s flush darkens, and he clears his throat before responding, “Nah, I knew you could hold your own with your fists, Sta-Tony.” Steve hiccups on his name, navigating the newness of their budding relationship with an awkwardness that is endearing. “You’re always moving around in those heavy armors and fighting in them everyday,” Steve’s shoulders roll under a shrug, “it’s obvious you’re really good at what you do.”
Once Tony was satisfied, he pulled back a little, trailing soft, open mouth kisses down Steve’s abdomen, tracing his teeth along Steve’s belly button. Steve’s breath hitched as He felt Tony’s breath over his cock. Tony wrapped his hands around the erect member, and then gave a slow, torturous lick from the base to tip. Steve looked down, at Tony’s head between his parted knees, and Tony winked at him before he swallowed Steve’s cock like a champ. Steve bucked off the bed, finding purchase in Tony’s hair while Tony sucked his cock eagerly.
Steve could hear a few clicking noises as Tony worked on his project. “You know,” Tony said to him. “I always thought the war would never end. That it would go on forever, and the end felt like this utopia we were always chasing. And then the war ended, and there was no utopia.”
Memory loss. Tony hadn’t considered that one. It could be, he was still betting on an illusion, but (he quickly calculated the statistics in his head), it wasn’t out of the realm of possibility. “Maybe. If this place is real.” He told the kid, Peter.
He walks over to the double doors leading to the showers, and casually pushes it open. The sound of a running shower is still going, and Tony is surprised to know that Steve’s still around. He’s already looking up, an easy line for his boyfriend on the tip of his tongue, when he freezes.
“Good Boy,” Steve praised him, and Tony’s eyes lit up. He leaned forward until he crowded Steve against the wall, his cock was hard between his thighs, standing erect with a thick knot at its base. Tony nuzzled into Steve’s side, covering Steve’s body with his own. Steve slid a hand down the muscles of Tony’s back. Tony nosed his way to Steve’s neck, breathing in his scent. His scent thickened in the room, and Tony moaned out an almost pained sound.
“Well,” Tony stumbled. “Yes, that’s right. So there’s no way Captain America would date me. I mean, you’re the pinnacle of heterosexuality.”
Steve continued to shake his head however, "It's not that. It's not to fast, I mean." He inhaled in deeply. "I'm a big guy, yeah. Omegas aren't usually like that. The men and women I did meet before, they were all alphas and betas, but they always expected things from me." Steve looked incredibly awkward with each word that left his mouth, "I've usually been the guy making the first move. And you've been-"
Tony fell silent at that, and then he laughed a little weakly, "I'm not sure how many of those things are left at this point."
“I want to kiss you now.” Steve told him, abruptly. Tony laughed but he leaned up on one arm to oblige as Steve twisted around in his arms. There were so many things they still needed to talk about, so many things Steve still needed to tell Tony. But with what time they might have left, Steve was glad to do this first.
Steve shrugged. “I traveled for a bit. Saw the sights, met new people. And then, I was just here and there. Stayed with a few friends, then stayed on my own.”
When he opened his eyes Potts was hovering in front of him, his palms outstretched like he was reaching for Stevens. "Are you alright?" He asked, "you don't look too good."
Steve walked over the the table, but Tony smoothly slid in before him. "Let me," he said, and pulled out Steve's chair for him.
Fury give him one last penetrating look. He sighed, pulling out a folder from the building pile on the table in front of him. “This is all the information we’ve got that might help you. Read it. Memorize it. Then we’ll get someone to guide you to his room. Sound good, Soldier?”
Stevens can’t help himself. “He’s been doing well?” He asks, and hopes he doesn’t look too guilty as it prompts Potts into gushing further about how amazing ‘Cap’ is. Potts eyes are soft, the lines around his eyes and mouth slack as he tells Stevens, “He’s the best. I might be a little too attached.”
Ant gave him a deadpan look. "Underwear is underwear, dad. Eitherway, Steve will like the one with the sushi print way better." He rolled over, eyes fixed to the phone in his hands. Tony's phone. One that he had apparently used to both set up a tinder account for Tony, and find him the perfect date in the span of a month. (This wasn't a situation any of those "How to raise a genius son?" books prepared him for.)
Tony nodded eagerly. "We met through a sponsorship program my company runs, one thing lead to another and next thing I know, I'm sitting in this place and eating the best Japanese food I've ever tasted in my life."
Steve plucked the rose off the tray, and a silver band slipped from between the petals. He picked the ring up and held it between his fingers. “And what’s this?”
All the way through dropping Steve off and making his way home Tony felt like he was walking on clouds. Anthony took one look at the dreamy expression on his face and said, "I told you so. I'm gonna go text uncle Greg now so he can say the same."
After Sana took their plates away and Tony had paid their bill, Steve waited for Tony at the entryway as he bid his goodbyes. Sana threw Steve a cheerful wave, and then Tony took Steve's hand in his and walked him out the door.
Tony flops down on the bed beside him, he's freshly showered and his damp hair curls around his hairline. He looks at Steve and then makes a face, Steve doesn't move even as Tony reaches out and flicks his forehead.
Steve lay back down on the bed and closed his eyes. He could hear Tony and Ant in the kitchen. It was one of the few perks to having enhanced hearing. There was something very soothing about being able to hear Tony and Ant interact with each other. Tony was explaining to Ant how to stir batter in a bowl. His voice was soft and patient, and Steve could imagine Anthony’s raptured expression.
Steve gave into the urge that was bothering him and leaned over to wipe the oil off of Tony’s nose. “Maybe. This is nice, being here. With you.” He admitted, a little shy.
A spurt of milk leaks from his nipple, the creamy liquid dripping from the tip of his nipple down the slope of his swollen tit. Steve is still talking, but Tony can barely hear him as Steve squeezes out more drops of milk, grunting with the effort. “It’s not easy to do this myself, but I don’t really have a choice,” he says gruffly, and a little defensively. Then his eyes dip down. “If you don’t think it’s weird, would you like to help?” He asks, the question vulnerable and soft.
Steve settled both hands into the fur beside Tony’s ears now, trying to alleviate some of the heat symptoms through contact. “Hey,” he tried to catch Tony’s attention. Blue eyes blinked up at him. “Do you think you could try to change back for me? I can’t help you when you’re like this.” Steve spoke to him, surprised by how gentle his own tone was. Maybe it was Tony’s form. Despite his sharp canines, and massive body, he was quite fluffy. It made it easier for Steve to let his own guard down.
“You have to mark me.” Tony insists, and Steve freezes for a second. Then, he blinks into awareness and lunges for the door, but Tony beats him to it by slamming his hand down on the door handle. “I can’t deal with that asshole anymore, Steve. It’ll only take a second. Just a quick swipe of your wrist and you can be on your way.”
The kid was so earnest. With his big brown eyes and curly brown hair, he did kind of remind Tony of himself as a kid. Finding out the cause of the illusion was suddenly a lot less appealing. If this was really a trick, someone had a sick sense of humor. A world where Steve Rogers was his husband and this sweet kid was his child did not exist. Tony was never that lucky.
“But I’ll try.” Tony agreed. He looked up, and at Steve, who had followed after Peter and had been sitting on the ledge of the building while Tony calmed Peter down. “For the both of you.” Tony told him.
"Oh that." Tony says, "I thought it would be a good disguise." He rubs his chin self-consciously. "It doesn't look bad, does it?"
Tony looks more approachable like this. His pretty smile stands out as he talks casually at Steve, and his cheekbones look softer, Steve remembers cupping them and thinks that he'd like to do it again. It's not like he had never thought about this before the party, but Steve had believed it was just a passing fancy. He finds many people attractive, and Tony is one of them. Tony is his best friend, so it really isn't surprising that he finds the man aesthetically pleasing.
They were silent for a while. The medication was probably wearing off, Potts was bound to be in a certain amount of pain.
"You're also a soccer dad who spends most days moping around the penthouse in your boxers." Anthony pointed out.
His hands trailed down Steve’s shoulders, to his pecs, he pressed a thumb to the bud of one nipple, and Steve squirmed under the sensation. Tony looked delighted as he always was by Steve’s reactions, and he lowered his mouth to Steve’s chest, tongue flicking across his nipple before he wrapped his lips around it and sucked. Steve clung on to Tony’s shoulders, bringing him closer to Steve as Tony rubbed the pad of his tongue along Steve’s nipple and reached up to tweak the other, pulling it between his fingers and smirking as Steve gasped under him at the sharp pleasure that made him writhe and dig his fingers into the muscles of Tony’s back.
This, he thinks, is why people believed scent marking an Omega’s neck was a private thing only to be indulged between mates. Tony and Steve are good friends, best friends in fact, Steve thinks. Ever since the entities of Iron Man and Tony Stark became one, Steve feels like Tony’s importance in his life doubled.
Steve told himself. But he looked back at Tony, who was arguing with his bot, his tail gesticulating with unbridled energy, and he couldn’t help thinking-
Tony wasted no time in unbuckling his belt and lowering his pants along with his boxers. He lined his shaft with Steve’s entrance, trembling as his cock pushed at Steve’s hole. Steve opened up easily to let Tony in, first squeezing around the head, and then having inch by inch of Tony’s long and thick member slide in until he bottomed out in Steve.
Steve gritted his teeth. He was not gentle, or soft or looked anything like the Omegas he used to see walking down the streets. He could admit that he had always thought himself above it all, above his basal needs. And yet, here he was, contemplating succumbing to them. The pill bottle burned a hole in his palm. It had been three days since Tony had gone into rut, three days since Steve had stopped taking his suppressants.
Tony was already naked, and he pressed his hips into Steve’s, grinding into Steve’s hipbone and stimulating Steve’s cock in return. Every thrust of Tony’s hips pushed Steve’s cock against his own belly and he grunted with pleasure, squirming on the thigh Tony inserted between his legs. Tony ran his hands down Steve’s neck, and pulled his t-shirt to the side. His mouth followed the path he traced. He was trying to be gentle as he mouthed at the scent gland at the nook of Steve’s neck. But while Steve was inexperienced, he was not delicate and he gripped the back of Tony’s head and pushed it harder against his gland, hissing when Tony’s teeth bit into the sensitive skin. The gesture was enough initiative for Tony, and he sucked and bit Steve’s gland as they bucked against each other. Tony had been pent up, and he jerked as his cock pumped ropes of come along Steve’s flank.
"So we'll meet some more." Steve looked out of the window, "It'd beat having to call up some random service, at least."
“I went to the city last week. The stationery shop let me use their computer.” Steve braced himself for Tony’s reaction, and Tony did not disappoint.
"It's just a date, Dad. You'll be fine. If Steve hurts you I'll make sure his phone catches a virus or ten."
Sometimes, he could imagine it again. Iron man soaring in the sky above him one last time. Iron man always had so many secrets to keep. But it was all inconsequential when he was by Steve’s side. During the war, Steve had a pack. After the war he had to leave the only pack he ever knew and find a home.
“You didn’t. But Mr. Stark is in there right now because he tries to save lives. Let’s respect that, shall we?”
Carol's mouth twitched, then she gently nudged him towards his armour, "Go on, Tones. Don't worry too much. Hank and I will be able to handle this just fine."
Steve’s palms itched. He rubbed them on the sides of his trousers, wiping away his sweat. The air conditioning blasted cool air into the room, but Steve would be able to smell Tony’s pheromones from the opposite building. Rut. Steve watched as Tony panted and squirmed on the mattress. Each huff of breath, each gruff moan ringing crystal clear in Steve’s ears. Thirty six hours since Tony had been attacked. Since he had been injected with a drug that drove him into an intense rut. According to the labs, the drug was likely meant to reduce Tony’s faculties, enough that they would be able to take him out. Instead, all it really managed to do was bring Tony’s inner Alpha to the forefront and turn him into a mountain wolf. Yeah, that was the other thing. Mixed in with the moans were little warning growls. Tony sounded tired. He hadn’t slept the whole while, sinking deeper and deeper into the white mattress.
“Oh.” Potts says, in his arms Cap yips, nuzzling into the warmth of his neck. Wilson chortles as he walks away, leaving the two of them on their own.
“Your boyfriend of five years???” She said, her tone indulgent. “You better not pull this shit with Peter too, he’s really excited about this.”
He reached down and began with tidying up the floor. If asked, Steve wouldn’t have any appropriate answer that could explain what was going on with him. His ass was wet, his heart was racing, his body felt hot, and his mind was filled with Tony. Steve breathed in, trying to relax himself. They would let him out of here soon. That was all that mattered.
He stood in the middle of the room, on all fours, snarling at Steve. Steve avoided eye contact as he pressed his back against the wall, and then slid down to the floor. Tony remained as he was, suspicious of Steve’s actions. Steve cursed his lack of foresight. He should have brought a distraction in with him, or maybe food.
This wiped the amusement off of Tony’s face. His hand stopped moving and he looked at Steve incredulously. “Steve, a beta can’t-“
Tony is looking up at him expectantly. His neck is bare, the brown skin looks soft, and his glands are just twin bumps of raised skin at the nook.  Steve reaches out and cups Tony’s cheeks, it settles his wrist glands against the ones on Tony’s neck. If asked later, Steve will not be able to express what that first touch means to him. He can smell it, his and Tony’s scents start to mix like two opposing poles meeting with a snap. Steve swipes his wrists across the glands, and Tony shivers under his palms.
“Ant wanna kiss papa too!” Ant grumbled, and then squished between them, almost upending the tray if not for Tony’s quick reflexes in getting it out of the way as Ant clambered over Steve to place sloppy baby kisses on both of his cheeks.
“Tony! I’m sorry I couldn’t be there. But tell me, when is the wedding?” Pepper rambled, as soon as she answered his call.
Tony grinned at him cheekily, “Cancelled. I’m all yours today.” He dropped another peck on Steve’s lips, “Everyday.”
"It's important to hang out with people your own age. Or at least that's what my homeroom teacher has been telling me." Anthony informed him, kicking a socked foot up.
After that, Stevens can’t stop himself from indulging. He hangs around the lab while Potts works, keeping an eye on Cap and fishing for compliments he enjoys imagining directed towards himself. Potts doesn’t hold back when it comes to the little pup, murmuring about how gorgeous he is, how smart and capable Cap is, how he can achieve anything he sets his mind to.
“Do you think, maybe,” Tony asked him, softly. He was always so gentle with Steve. “Just maybe, we could have a home now?”
Potts waved a hand towards Stevens, who was still blocking the entry. "If you're waiting for an invitation, neither Pym nor I are that classy, so get in here and make sure to shut the door. We don't want our formidable Director to catch us dilly-dallying on SHIELD's payroll, now do we?"
He hadn't meant for Captain Stevens to find out about the reactor. But one of SHIELD's facility's had been attacked, and Potts, who was there supervising the installation of the new surveillance system he had designed, ended up becoming collateral damage. Stevens was the one who found him under a desk, bleeding out. Potts had been shot in the thigh, and Stevens checked if it was a clean shot before compressing the wound.
The rest of the ride to Tony’s was spent with Steve trying to abate the heat that kept coiling tighter in him and Tony curled up under Steve’s arm, comforting him with a gentle touch. Steve almost regretted their arrival, until another flush of slick leaked out of his clenching hole.
them and what lay beyond them. He had always been good at seeing the forest behind the trees. He had a feeling that they had barely scraped the surface with the Chitauri. There was something or
And, like always, Natasha Romanoff was slapping some sense into him. He could make things right. He could make things
having an entire floor to himself, so used to hanging around Tony’s penthouse suite or his workshop in the original timeline, or sparring with Natasha and Clint in the communal gym. He even missed the days where he and Bruce would cook dinner for the Avengers, Steve wanting to try something new every week that (thankfully) wasn’t boiled potatoes. He missed the movie nights which had started for both his and Thor’s sake to get them caught up on Earth’s culture and had slowly evolved to the chaotic, yet fun family events they had been.
"Have you ever ridden before?" Steve asked, ignoring the others and focused his attention on Tony. Tony had successfully mounted his own horse, a mottled tan and white courser, which was reassuring. However, Rumlow had to get one last word in before Tony could answer him.
“Or you’re stuck with me,” Tony had said. “People tend to get tired of me.” He meant for it to come out as a joke but the words had sounded hollow to even Tony’s ears.
That’s all the permission Tony needs, and his own hands work at the fly of Steve’s jeans until he’s pulling Steve’s cock loose. Steve catches on quick and shucks his jeans down to his thighs. He yanks Tony’s sweatpants down in one swift motion. This is the most exposed Tony has been in front of anyone since his relationship with Pepper burst into flames. And listen, Tony knows he’s not ugly (he’d been named Sexiest Man Alive twice, up there with George Clooney
A year ago, Tony never would have thought Captain Steven Grant Rogers to be capable of lying. But now, as Rogers' bright blue eyes stare into the depths of Tony’s sunglasses, trying to see behind them, he doesn’t know what to believe. Steve could be lying. Maybe the others are stationed near the coffee shop, ready for Steve’s next command. Or he could be telling the truth. Maybe it was just him and Steve. Alone. Together.
Steve groaned, one hand taking himself in hand and jerked his cock until he was cursing, come spurting from the tip. The first rope hit Tony right below his eye and Tony was coming again—he didn’t even
He stayed behind on his horse while the rest of the hunting party got a headstart. He would catch up with them later. Bucky and Dugan stayed behind as well, unwilling to leave their prince. Any other time, he would have appreciated their loyalty, but their remaining behind had prompted Rumlow to stay back as well, more so out of nosiness than a sense of loyalty.
"You're not the only one," Steve said. "But I couldn't leave you to suffer with this lot." He gestured towards Bucky, who drew back, affronted.
"I'd burn for you," Steve says. "I want you so much, I'm fucking dizzy with it." Steve twists his fingers, and Tony sees starlight behind his eyes.
draw him? The man was literal art in motion, calling attention to himself even when he wasn’t trying. Tony Stark could walk into a room and it was like all of the oxygen was his to own.
to make it out, but despite his best efforts, he hears the super-soldier say “I love you,” in a voice so ragged it nearly brings tears to Tony’s eyes.
Tony was so lost in thought that he had nearly flew into a billboard, just barely managing to barrel roll away.
, Mr. Rogers,” Tony says and plants a kiss on Steve’s cheek. His skin burns where Tony’s lip touched him. He wants to feel that burn all over his body. “But this was supposed to be a surprise.”
His shower is large enough to accommodate five grown men and is more than enough space for Tony's purposes. The water kicks on with a hiss, coming down like a bout of summer rain.
Tony nodded feverishly resting his head against Steve’s thigh, too spent to argue with him. Like he’d fight him on this anyway. “Always,” Tony replied at once. And it was the truth. Perhaps it had been true for a while.
He knew he shouldn’t have mixed alcohols, but gods damn it all, it was his birthday. He was allowed to enjoy himself however he saw fit.
trying, to make things work ever since they made the move together into his Malibu mansion. For crying out loud, they had date nights. Ten years ago if someone had told Tony that he would be in a healthy, monogamous relationship going on a year he would’ve laughed in their face and asked if he could have some of whatever they were drinking.
. He’s still trying to figure out how to add the “boy” in front of that in a way that won’t run Steve off.
Steve didn’t think he could go on. The mission had taken an emotional toll on him that he couldn’t even begin to describe. Going back, seeing all of the people whose lives had been damn near ruined by the stones and not being able to do
“Then make it work. Speaking as someone who missed his chance…don’t let this get away.” Thoughts of a cabin on a lake and a child with her father’s eyes flashed through Steve’s mind. “You have a real shot at happiness with Pepper.”
Tony will thank him later, for now, they have to keep on moving. They need to clear space for Natasha to land.
, inside of your tight, slutty hole,” Steve snarled. Tony clenched down around Steve involuntarily. Steve’s hips stuttered, curses that would make a nun blush slipping out of his mouth. He pounded Tony in earnest now, one hand clenching Tony’s hip, the other wrenching his head back by his hair, forcing Tony to look up at Steve.
“I,” Pepper began turning around in the armchair to face the suit, “appreciated the thought very much.” She rose from the armchair gracefully, hands teasingly sliding up the torso of the suit. Even outside of it, Tony was having a hard time catching his breath. How could he be so lucky? “So why don’t you lift up that face mask and give me a kiss?”
With Mjolnir in one hand and the briefcase in the other, Steve looked out towards the horizon while Bruce fiddled with the time machine. The sun had reached its peak since the early morning, casting sunspots across the tranquil surface of the lake. Steve's sense heightened ears picked up the noise of nature; birdsong, and chattering and squeaking, all sounds that had sorely been missed in the past five years. In the back of his mind, he remembered a conversation that had happened so long ago he had nearly forgotten about it.
Oddly enough, it's Natasha who reels him in. "I've seen a lot of monsters in my life, Banner. You're not one of them."
Once again, I'm sorry this chapter took forever but I can officially say I'm done with Act One and we're now moving into Act Two! I'm so happy you guys are loving the story so far (although you might not like today's chapter lol) but trust me it gets better. The next couple of chapters there's going to be a switch up in point of views but you guys will see Steve again soon, I promise. You all know the drill! Comments and kudos are much appreciated! Follow me on
He doesn’t want to protest and demand that Tony sit on the floor like Clint because one, that would hurt Tony’s feelings, and that’s the last thing he wants to do. And two…he kind of wants Tony to sit with him. Even if the thought on Tony’s thighs touching his makes him want to scream. In a good way, though.
“Figured I’d stand next to the only other people on this team with more than one brain cell,” she said.
Ever the man with a plan, Steve pulls out the bottle of lube Tony barely remembered purchasing on their way here, he was so out of it. Steve makes quick work of preparing him, drizzling the lube over his fingers and over Tony’s already wet entrance. The lube is cool against Tony’s heated skin.
," his brain supplies unhelpfully. His clothes are sticking to him with sweat, but the thought of taking a shower is just a little too much to bear. He has wipes in his workshop for when he's too in the zone to put aside his work and hop in the shower. And for his bad days.
And it feels good. Too good. It’s cheesy, but it’s almost like Tony was made to fit into Steve’s arms, his head slotting into place underneath Steve’s chin. Tony’s hair is soft, softer than he thought, against Steve’s neck.
He makes it to his workshop uninterrupted and strips, uncaring of who might see him. His workshop is
Steve closes his eyes and leans down. Tony instinctively meets him halfway and rests his forehead against Steve’s. He wishes he could go inside Steve’s brain and find whatever part of it blamed itself and set it straight.
“I think if gamma radiation didn’t kill me, undercooked chicken won’t stand a chance,” Bruce said wryly.
He looks at Steve out the corner of his eye, takes in his features shamelessly and selfishly, the allure of being above everyone reeling him in. He loves Steve's face, the cut of his jaw, and his long, pretty lashes and those
Tony walked (JARVIS would say strut but really, what did he know?) onto the platform that was positioned in the epicenter of his workshop.
Thor had looked ready to protest but, in true Tony fashion, Tony just patted him on the back, steering him away from the others with a “Come on, Billy Ray Cyrus, you’re killing me here.”
Bucky winced, his eyes following Steve as he paced from one corner of his chambers to the other. “I think,” Bucky said slowly, no doubt gauging how much patience Steve had left, “you might be overreacting.”
Tony squeezes Steve's hands. “That means getting rest,” he says gently. “Spending time with your team. Two heads are better than one.”
“It’s not fair,” Barton hisses, his hand balling into a fist when Fury leaves the room with Thor on his coattails to collect his brother. “His daddy,” Barton spits out the word like a curse, “won’t punish him.”
They said absolute power corrupted absolutely. Others were of the mind that those who were corrupt often had absolute power. For five seconds, Steve Rogers was going to be the most powerful man in the entire universe. He wasn’t sure of which camp he fell into.
Before we get started, just a friendly reminder that I don't own Marvel or anything related to it and this fic is just for funsies.
“I made Irish stew, soda bread and for dessert I was thinking of shortbread and Irish coffee?” Tony bites his lip and his eyes are impossibly wide as he looks up at Steve. “Is that okay?”
“Yeah,” Tony says. “Sure. Let’s head up here,” he gestures to the living area situated by the staircase. This floor of the tower serves as Tony’s second home, an escape from all of his penthouse suite’s showy glamour and the lack of privacy on the communal floors. The penthouse suite reminds him too much of Pepper, anyway.
he had been living it up in an alternate timeline while the others were either dead or working to rebuild the foundations of their society and he wasn’t
“That was just the beginning,” Natasha says, stepping away from the flat screen and dropping down into her seat ungracefully. “Bruce said hundreds of victims, try in the thousands. Wherever people are struggling, wherever people are looking for a second chance, HYDRA’s waiting on them and promising them the world.”
And so Steve kept himself busy. He volunteered with Habitat for Humanity to help rebuild the many homes that had been damaged during the Battle of New York, spending nearly entire days in the blistering heat of June sawing wood and lifting beams and it made him feel good. It made him feel useful.
“You might be onto something, Brucie,” Tony had replied. “Who would believe that dear old Cap just swindled us?”
Steve knows a little French from his war days, his long, hilarious conversations with Jacques coming to mind. “Everything in its place?”
Tony had been upset that he hadn’t been converted (his words, not Steve’s) on his stance on 80s movies and took it as a personal goal to get Steve to fall in love with at least one 80s movie and thus the Avengers movie night was born. Tony had JARVIS curate a list of the highest rated 80s movies and every Friday night, Steve and Tony would take turns picking a movie from the list, with Bruce, Rhodey, and Pepper occasionally making appearances. In a way, it was so similar to his original timeline where Tony along with Natasha, surprisingly, had been horrified at his lack of pop culture knowledge and had sought to rectify the situation. He still missed his original timeline and his Tony and his Natasha and all the others but his movie nights with Tony, quiet, intimate nights where it was just
He lets Steve push him down and spreads his legs and soon Tony doesn’t have to imagine what it would feel like to have that beard scrape against his thighs. Steve starts out slow, pressing hot, wet kisses on the inside of Tony’s thighs. Tony’s breath hitches as Steve starts to suck a bruise into the meat of Tony’s thigh. He knows what it is; a claim. A reminder. That this little rendezvous of theirs isn’t something that either of them dreamed up on a night when the loneliness gets to be too much to bear. His cock is hot and heavy against his stomach but something inside of Tony
I bit my lip mid-sentence, mildly surprised he’d allowed me to go on for so long. I had to admit that as we grew closer to our inevitable destination my insults were  growing sharper and cruel.
“Oh sure, I’m just swell,” I sniped, unable to look at the damage on his face and body. Except, was I going crazy or did they look a little less severe?
No, it was stupid. There was no guarantee the seatbelt would save me. I was going to get myself killed. And even if I somehow survived and managed to take Bucky out I would still have one very big and very angry Alpha on my tail.
“She’s gone,” the android insisted, smiling terribly. “And she isn’t ever coming back. And it’s your fault. You -“
That was interesting. Seemed Bucky was thinking the same thing if the bewildered look he shot Steve was anything to go by.
“Stark,” Nebula said, her soft voice surprisingly soothing. “I’m no expert but aren’t terran’s -- pinker in colour?”
It shouldn’t have surprised him that Thanos would torture one of his own -- the guy was clearly a lunatic -- but it still pissed him off. Why hurt her? She couldn’t give him anything in return, he’d already won. It was just torture for the hell of it.
“My lord,” the alien grunted, it’s piggy little eyes locked firmly on the Titan as it dropped to a clumsy half bow. It sounded masculine, even though Tony was aware that didn’t mean it was definitely male. “I’ve come to seek your guidance.”
After a while even the oddities surrounding him failed to capture Tony’s attention. He was bored, exhausted and freezing. He was actually seriously starting to worry about possible hypothermia when he turned back to the hall entrance and felt a shock of surprise when he saw a huge orange skinned alien enter the throne room. It looked humanoid but was massive -- hell, it made the Hulk look like a shrimp. What the hell was it?
He shattered the window with his metal arm and leaned in, unlocking the door and grabbing me by the arm. “I suggest you get out carefully, otherwise you might cut yourself on the glass.”
I usually avoided crowded places. People had a nasty tendency of noticing me. I’d learned over the years, though countless painful experiences, that being noticed was not a good thing. I knew I didn’t help matters. Being quiet and unassuming went against my nature. More often than not I made bad situations a thousand times worse just by opening my mouth. I had a knack for pissing people off.
“You smell like you’re about to have a panic attack,” Bucky said, placing the promised cans of soup on the ground in front of me.
I immediately tried to scramble out after him but Bucky grabbed me with the metal arm and I realised pretty quickly that I wasn’t going anywhere. “You don’t need to do this,” I said, allowing my eyes to widen as I fisted his shirt and pulled him close. “I’m not - I’m not what you think. You just need to let me go.
She seemed satisfied that I would do as I was told and got out of the van. I stayed flat for a little while as I tried to overcome the biological need to stay small and hidden. I sat up slowly and felt my jaw drop.
I noticed the way Bucky was watching us, waiting to see what I would do. Steve clearly didn’t want to put his hands on me but it was obvious he would if he felt he had to. We were at a impasse.
Tony must have looked pretty shit. Poor Nebula. She was going to be left alone on a broken planet, fearfully waiting for the return of her genocidal father. Or worse, what if she was wrong and he didn’t return? She would spend the rest of her life in complete isolation. It seemed cruel, leaving her alone.
Tony struggled to his feet and limped over to his sad excuse for a mattress. He flopped down with a quiet moan of pain, trying not to give into the almost overwhelming urge to just roll over and cry his goddamn eyes out. He didn’t even have the luxury of being able to lick his wounds in privacy, not when the Maw was always watching him.
Bucky, the alpha that kidnapped me. The alpha that I was pretty sure I’d mortally wounded. “Can you -“ I wriggled. “I want to get up.”
“Whatcha doin’ Steve?” a dark haired man asked as he stepped lazily towards us. He had light blue eyes and a classically handsome square jaw. He was equally as clean as the douche currently strangling me, but not quite as well built. He stared impassively back at me when our eyes met.
“Well, not to use anything as ridiculous as logic in my defence, but you did kidnap me. Maybe this should be a life lesson. Don’t kidnap people.”
The barman’s eye flickered behind me and a few seconds later another man stepped up to the bar. The first thing I noticed was how clean he was. Like on another level tidy. It was fucking weird. He had light blonde hair and an unnervingly focused gaze. He was taller than me by several inches and looked like he ate and exercised regularly.
“So that’s what you look like,” Bucky said, grabbing my chin and tilting my face up. “You’re even prettier than I expected.”
Panic like no other seized him and before he knew it, he was barreling out of the closet, barely registering the recognizable, unrelenting pain of sore muscles coursing through his body, and stumbled out onto the bridge-way where he had fought himself. His head whirled around wildly looking for some sign,
Steve held back a chuckle. “I’m surprised Stark even bothered to invite me. I didn’t exactly get the feeling that he liked me.”
“It’s date night, sir,” JARVIS pointed out. “I believe she has to conduct one more meeting for the day.”
The pressure leaves his thigh, and Tony deflates a bit in disappointment. Well...Tony had always believed in giving as good as he got. Making up his mind, Tony toes off his shoes and waits until Steve raises his soda can to his lips once more to run his toes up the other man's calf.
“My head,” he groaned, his voice all raspy as if he had smoked three packs a day since birth. One hand cupped his forehead. The last vestiges of the migraine were making themselves known in little pangs every now and then. Hopefully, it would be gone soon. The serum would—
Chuckling and holding up his hand, Steve said, “I get it. The eighties were superior to the forties and you think I’m an old fuddy-duddy.”
Thor's singing the cooks' praises and their delicious Midgardian cuisine and rises to go get seconds, Bruce trailing after him.
The bot paused in its mission to sweep up the trash strewn across the floor of Tony’s workshop. “Hi, DUM-E. How did you get that cap on your head? You earned it.”
“Who said you could stop?” Rogers’ voice, as cool and collected as ever, startled Tony from his thoughts. He hadn’t even realized he had stopped undressing himself. Risking a glance at Rogers out the corner of his eye, Tony saw the other man reclining in his office chair, legs spread and a slight smirk casting a dark tint on his normally classically handsome features.
Steve arched a brow looking remarkably at ease for a man who just had his soul sucked out of him through his dick. Not that Tony was bragging. “Back to Rogers now, sweetheart?”
"I'm not sorry," Steve says softly. He runs a finger over one of the bruises he left behind on Tony's collarbone, presses a feather-soft kiss there. He does the same to the hickey on Tony's neck and the bruises on his hips and works his way back up to Tony's lips. Steve tastes like salt as Tony moans into his mouth. His cock gives a half-hearted twitch at the thought of one more round with Steve, but another orgasm might actually send him into cardiac arrest.
Tony breaks the kiss and pushes Steve's hair back from his forehead. Two bright blue eyes pierce him like hooks snagging his skin. "I don't expect you to be. Sorry that is," he clarifies at the look of confusion upon Steve's face.
The answer is nothing. The Hulk alone takes out ten agents, tossing them about like a child would a toy. Clint's converted his bow into its bo staff form while they're enclosed, keeping close to Natasha's side.
“Of course,” he said, hoping that the super-spy didn’t pick up on the frustration in his voice. Or at least read it as frustration towards Tony’s antics, which was more believable than anything.
, that no one would mention Tony in front of him, so of course, the exact opposite happened. When had the gods ever answered any of
tonight—” he came to a halt when he finally looked up from his phone and saw the stricken look upon Steve’s face. “Cap?”
was a personalized emblem meant to represent each one of the Avengers. Mjolnir for Thor, Cap's Shield for Steve, a bow and arrow for Clint, and so on so forth.
Tony can barely think let alone form any words, his body and mind too overwhelmed with the weight of what he’s doing and who he’s doing it with.
"Don't stop kissing me," Tony says, feeling silly for even saying the words, but Steve doesn't laugh.
“I’m gonna need you to say that again,” Tony said slowly, “but slower so I can record it and post it on YouTube.”
“Give him my thanks,” Pepper says. "Is it just Bruce? What about the others? How do you feel about them?"
"You were on HYDRA's list," Steve says. The abrupt change in subject leaves him reeling, but he'll hear Steve out. "Project Insight," Steve clarifies.
He didn’t think New York could have affected him that much. Sure, he had had nightmares, but everyone had the occasional nightmare. That was normal.
"Thank you," Carmen says. If she blushes anymore, Tony’s going to start worrying about her health. "I was actually inspired by your suit. The leather and the bodycon silhouette paired well with Fall and Winter."
On his last night in the tower, Rhodey had proposed a poker game which (in true Avengers fashion) turned into a bloodthirsty competition where every man was for himself.
Steve rose to his feet and, at Bucky's inquiring glance, held up his waterskin. Over the smattering of voices, the rest of the party talking freely amongst themselves, he heard the gurgling of flowing water. He
"And why not?" Thor, of all people, asks. The god levels Bruce with a heavy stare. "You deserve to amuse yourself like the rest of us."
Peter broke off a piece for himself, his eyes fluttering shut at the taste. The seeded loaf seasoned with dill was no doubt more decadent fare than Peter had ever eaten.
"Not long," Tony snarls and rounds the corner with Steve and Thor flanking him. One of the agents who abandoned the machine gun has a regular pistol aimed right at Tony. Steve moves like lightning, lifting his shield in front of Tony. The bullet ricochets and lodges into the agent's skull.
, another chaotic battle that Steve and Tony always seemed to lose themselves in. Steve’s beard is rough against his cheeks and Tony wonders what it would feel like to have that same burn on his thighs. He moans into Steve’s mouth at the mere thought and Steve takes that as an opportunity to slip his tongue into Tony’s mouth. It’s nothing but a filthy slide of hot flesh against flesh, but it has Tony weak in the knees all the same.
Tony jumps back in. “Not to mention that Bucky was the Winter Soldier for over 60 years. If HYDRA is determined to have an army of enhanced individuals, why not use what’s already at their disposal? Why not draw Bucky’s blood and reverse engineer the serum to make more Winter Soldiers?”
“Big brain, and she likes it. Here, let me show you. Hold on. See?” There was a fumbling noise and all Tony could see was…Happy’s forehead.
"You've met one prince, you've met them all," Tony said like he was stating a fact of life. "Until I met you."
, and another, crossing his arms over his chest, still trying to protect his long gone arc reactor. As he gets to his feet and slowly, almost mechanically starts to gather clean clothes to change into, a part of him recoils at having to clean himself with wipes like he's a child.
Steve snorted, “It’s 6:30 AM on a weekday. Ant will be up soon and I need to have breakfast ready by then.”
Steve considered shrugging it off, but then a particularly bad cramp had him curling up at the waist. Tony slid closer to him. He rubbed a palm long Steve’s curved spine. “Do you want to go back, Cap?”
“Steve,” Tony said, parting away from Steve’s ass with a line of slick still connecting his mouth to Steve hole, “Let me fuck you, Steve.”
“Captain.” Wilson reminded him, amused. Stevens wondered if he had spoken that last bit out loud. Potts looked up then, his brown eyes light with untethered affection, the lines around his eyes deeper, but he looked so relaxed, so happy as he met Stevens’ eyes through the glass. Stevens’ didn’t think it was possible, but Potts’ expression brightened further, and he lifted the baby in his arms to show Stevens how adorable his little charge was.
He wished he could look at Tony, but they would be tied like this for another twenty minutes at least. So he laced his fingers with Tony’s and frowned at their joined hands. “I- I don’t know what’s the right thing to say.” He admitted honestly. “But you are my closest friend. There’s a lot wrong with me, and there are probably better Omegas out there-“
Potts was in danger. That was all Stevens could focus on as he reamed his way through the building. The man had been supervising the installation of a surveillance system at one of SHIELD's new facilities and the building had been attacked.
The weight of those words was not something he could overlook. Wells of tears sprung up, and Steve tried to blink them back so he didn't break the moment. "Thank you, Tony." He said, instead. His voice was thick and rough, and the minute clench of Tony's body against his informed him that Tony probably knew Steve was crying.
He steadied the tremble in his hand and then opened the door. Tony’s scent washed over him and a guttural sound was torn from the back of Steve’s throat. He shook with it, this was something he had never allowed himself to experience.
It was incredibly erotic, but Steve was taken by the way Tony looked at him while he did it, lost in the haze of his rut and focused solely on Steve like he had forgotten the rest of the world existed. Steve swallowed. He cupped the back of Tony’s head, this was all so new for him. He was the most exposed he had ever been. Despite the twinge of embarrassment he felt when he thought about how he had squirted all over Tony’s face, this was also the safest he had ever felt. He didn’t have to think, didn’t have to be in control, Tony would take care of him.
“That last omega managed to scrape herself with a syringe, ‘bout near sent the sent the damn mutt into a rage.” Fury grumbled. “We don’t even know if the Tony Stark we know is in there anymore.”
But Goose's favourite, by far, apart from Carol, was Tony. The cat would pur loudly when she was in Tony's arms and whine pitifully if he didn't pay her the attention she craved. Tony cooed at her like a smitten parent, praising her soft fur and her pretty eyes. Steve felt an inexplicable ache in his chest when he saw them together. He took in the ease with which they assimilated into each other's presence, and the open affection they readily displayed.
Was the first thing Potts said to him when he woke up in a bed at one of SHIELD's medical facilities, hands on his hips and foot tapping impatiently on the floor. "Let's
"I know you're happy in the Dad way, but I want you to be happy as a person too." Anthony explained.
“Rhodes, my buddy, my pal. I am so glad to hear your voice right now. I need a quick favor. Remember that time we were in MIT, and we watched Back to the future?”
This kid was too good for him. Tony was absolutely certain of this. But as he held this kid in his arms, he couldn’t deny that he wanted to believe in their story. That maybe he really could fit into his beautiful picture.
Tony shrugged. “I guess so. The information they gave us said that it’s important to keep an Omega hydrated since their bodies would be producing a lot of slick during a heat. It also said I should check your temperature from time to time to make sure it hasn’t alleviated into a fever.” He frowned, “You run pretty high naturally, right? We’ll have to take that into account over the next few days.”
“I’m totally applying to transfer the next rotation. I heard he has two assistant positions still open” Sarah said, cheeks flushed and eyes determined.
"You've been busy, I had to take matters into my own hands." Anthony told him. "I don't want you to die old and alone dad. Or become grumpy like Jarvis."
Tony's voice lulled Steve and he found himself relaxing into the couch. That's when the couch dipped beside him and a weight settled against his shoulders. Steve froze. Tony was leaning against him with an armful of Goose, still whispering sweet things to the cat. "She's comfortable now and has her guard down. Since she can see that I've let you into my space and that I trust you, it will help her learn to trust you as well."
"Call me Tony, please." Tony told him, and took a step into Steve's space. "I heard you like sushi, I know a place that serves the kind that could give you a foodgasm."
"That's alright, Steve. We can take things slow. We're both obviously new to this whole omega-omega thing." Tony comforted, internally cursing himself for not having better hindsight.
“Oh!” Potts gasps in delight, while they take the elevator to together to the fourth floor. “You’re absolutely brilliant, Cap.” He tells the pup sincerely. “Such a good boy,” He says, burying a fond grin into the puppy’s back.
"He's an amazing kid. Did you know he can accurately predict the scores per inning?" Steve bragged and Tony's mouth quirked.
They had so much to talk about. So much to share between the two of them. So many things Steve had always wanted to do with Iron man, things he wants to do now with Tony. He gathered these feelings when he looked at Tony now, and said the only thing that could encompass it.
Steve had appreciated it. He had spent most of his life on suppressants and honestly he wasn’t sure he knew how to be a proper omega anymore instead of just a scentless Beta. Ignoring his instincts had been easy when he had a world war to fight in.
“Then you’ll know that Mr. Stark managed to single handedly divert an attack that would have destroyed this city in minutes had he not been there” Steve informed him.
One afternoon, Tony entered their living room and caught Steve staring forlornly at Goose, who was busy ignoring Steve while lounging on the window at the opposite end of the room. Tony paused at the entryway, and then quirked a brow at Steve. "You're making puppy eyes at a cat, it's a little disconcerting."
“Ah! I thought you looked familiar.” Stark said. He walked over with his hand outstretched. When he was close enough for the wind to carry his scent, Steve had to recalculate his initial perception. The elevator had been taken up rather than down, then. “Captain Rogers, right. Thank you for your wonderful service.”
They’ve been together at the gym for a while now, training together, so no one would question it if Steve smelt like Tony. Tony’s palms tremble from where they’ve come to rest on Steve’s shoulders. His heart thuds rapidly in his chest. He has never thought he’d be able to have this. Steve, pliant under him, looking up at him expectantly as Tony lowered his head, pressing the glands on the side of his neck to Steve’s. Steve’s glands are secreting copious amounts of oil to prepare the Omega for his upcoming heat, and Tony luxuriates in his scent. It’s deeply satisfying, to press his own glands there and have their scents merge.
“So…” Tony said, munching on the Chinese food he somehow managed to get delivered despite how far they were from the city. (It had to be a rich person thing, Steve thought.) “What did you do? After the war?”
Steve inhaled sharply. “Tony.” He said, sounding anguished. It shook Peter up as well, he got up from the bean bag and reached out to Steve, “Pa? What’s wrong, is it really that bad?” He sounded very much like Tony did right before a panic attack.
Potts laughed, "I do. I just decided that R&D was a better fit for me. My father was a doctor, and he much wanted me to be the same, and for a while, I was."
But knowing was one thing, and witnessing Potts in action, was another. The man could fight, and he fought with a fluidity that made Stevens sometimes forget his objective, just to stop and watch him. He worked tech in inspiring ways and had a quick intuition when it came to improvisation. They moved in tandem, like a well-oiled machine, and it was the best partnership Stevens had ever performed in.
Stevens turns bright red and he opens his mouth to explain, but Potts interrupts them, “What?” He asks, looking confused for a second. He looks at the hand Wilson has on Stevens shoulder, and then Stevens explicitly blushing face. Stevens catches the exact moment realization strikes him.
“No, Steve! Come back! I was just joking. Well, not entirely. I would like to have dinner with you. Maybe get to know my neighbor a little better?” Stark pleaded, twisting a leaf between his fingers.
Steve wants to protest, he can manage a night of talking up the bigwigs if it means Tony will be comfortable. But he doesn’t know how to say this without sounding sappy. “Alright.”
He lay there for a while, not sure if he had blacked out because he felt something hot inside him and he realized that Tony was ejaculating. This would take a while, Steve knew. The Alphas in the army never hesitated to brag about how long they lasted. Tony collapsed on top of him, peppering the back of Steve’s head with kisses as he cuddled him close.
Steve welcomed that finger, he felt mad for it now. Despite not having a heat since his first one, he felt like he had to be in heat right now. His lower body ached with the need to be filled, and he groaned as Tony added another finger and started to stretch him. Steve pushed back against his fingers, pleasure pulsed deep inside him and Tony’s fingers hit just the right spot that made Steve squirm. Steve was so wet Tony’s fingers slipped right in.
"I'm always optimistic." Tony huffs, "My optimism is just watered down by a dose of calculated reality. I run the numbers, and review our success rate." Tony defends.
Steve’s eyes bore into Tony’s with a startling clarity for a moment, he looked confused and shook his head. A rumble resounded from the back of his throat, and Tony clicked his tongue in response.
Tony caught Steve’s movement from the corner of his eye and turned to face him. He took in Steve’s pallid complexion and trembling fingers with concern that was the first crack in his mask of control. “Steve? Are you feeling okay?” He asked.
Steve wasn’t sure what he was saying, his moans felt instinctive, there was something bursting out of his rib cage, something that wanted to consume every bit of Tony.
“Mr. Stark, are you alright?” Steve found himself asking for the third time that week. Despite the large stretch of wilderness around them, he bumped into the demon quite often. Stark was now unrecognizable compared to the first time Steve had seen him. The only thing that remained constant was his scent. Steve scratched his beard and looked up towards the top of the tree Stark was trying to climb.
“I’ve missed you Steve. I’ve missed you so goddamn much.” Tony burrowed his face into Steve’s neck. He smelled like grease and metal. He smelled like he was Steve’s.
Tony didn’t respond. He didn’t know what to say. He needed to find a way back home. He didn’t know where he’d been stranded, or if this was a spell he needed to break out of. He decided to go home for now. He descended into the tower but did not disengage from the armor.
Steve paused with the rim of a second bottle of water at his mouth, “Yeah,” he replied slowly, looking directly at Tony, who was now arranging the food on the tray. Tony sat on the corner of the bed and then handed Steve a packaged muffin, “Eat, and then we can move on to taking care of your other needs.” He said with an easy smile that crinkled his eyes.
The atmosphere at the compound was stressful, and even with Tony's return, they were all more than a little on edge about what needed to be done next. Sam thought that the cat might be able to help them relax. Animals, especially cats could be therapeutic.
With a couple more well aimed thrusts, Tony was spilling deep inside Steve. His knot pulsed against the inside of Steve’s entrance, it made him feel little jolts of pleasure each time it happened. They had to remain like that until Tony’s knot subsided. Tony slumped down on top of Steve, and peeked one eye up at him.
Then, he moved to make sure that Potts hadn't sustained any other injuries, and his hands found the reactor. The Doctor saw him pause in his single-minded endeavour to make sure Potts was uninjured, and he rasped out, "It's just a pacemaker, keeps my heart ticking. Nothing to worry about."
Steve- it still hurt him to think about Tony. There was a panic in his chest that wouldn't leave him even when Tony was right in front of him. They had spent months assuming that Tony might be dead. Even if he hadn't been dusted, the chances of him returning had been painfully small. Steve had still clung on to a hope. He needed Tony. He didn't know why that had been so hard for him to admit before this, but Steve really needed Tony. And seeing Tony appear before them after months, Steve had just fallen to his knees before the man and broken down crying. It had been hours before he had been able to let go of Tony, days before he could bear to let Tony out of his sight without experiencing the symptoms of a panic attack. Steve had never been good at handling loss. He repressed his feelings, but when it was stripped down to raw emotion, he never knew what to do with himself, or how to cope.
He needed to call someone, he thought to himself. Someone who would be willing to handle a possibly violent Captain America. Thus far, Steve had been doing pretty well, but Tony needed to leave now and he wasn't sure how Steve would react to his absence.
Tony met Steve’s steadfast gaze for a long minute, and then he fell limp in Steve’s arms. His head butted against Steve’s chest, and Steve could feel the body under him trembling. It had been a gamble, a shot in the dark Steve had taken. Tony was always smiling, at him, at Fury, at Nat. He gave Fury whatever he asked for, had given Nat everything she wanted, and now he was giving Steve what he wanted.
Anthony's eyes dodged away from his, "I mean, Steve's definitely a nice guy. But, I had to be sure, you know. Like, sure sure. I don't want you to end up heartbroken again."
After that, Clint took center stage, and Steve tuned him out as he droned on with the briefing. His attention automatically fell on Tony again. Tony was at the edge of his chair, it looked casual on the surface, but Steve caught the way Tony’s body was tensed as he leaned away from Steve. Steve huffed under his breath, and then hooked his ankle around Tony’s chair and pulled it towards himself. Tony didn’t startle, he just quirked his brows at Steve like he expected as much.
Steve made to get out of the car, but Tony halted him with the hand on his stomach. “One sec” Tony said. He took off his jacket and wrapped it around Steve’s lower half, and then he guided Steve out of the limo by his elbow. Steve followed him slack jawed, hoping his expression didn’t betray anything more than surprise.
Steve ignored him. He knew that Tony could protect himself and his instincts may be a tiny bit irrational, but he couldn’t help himself. A part of him would always feel like the war was right on his doorstep. That just like Iron man, just like everyone else, one day he’d lose Tony too.
“No, I wanted to help out. I’m glad you asked me.” And Steve is. He is glad that Tony trusted him with this. He frowns when he remembers why he had to scent mark Tony in the first place, “Do you want me to keep you company for the rest of the night?” He asks.
Steve woke up after the full moon curled up with Tony in bed. He didn’t remember how he got there. Tony was pressed up against him in a long line of warmth. And it was different, but also the same. He almost expected to reach out and feel the hard metal of the armor under his fingers.
“Very.” Steve grumbled, but they both knew he was all bark and no bite. He hesitated for a moment and then decided it was better to ask than to assume wrong. “Does food even sustain you?”
“I know you don’t believe us,” Peter said, burrowing his face into Tony’s neck. “I know you think we aren’t yours. But dad, you’re the one who taught me how much we deserve each other, how much we belong together. I just- I just want you to try. I don’t- I can’t lose you when I only just got you. I never had a dad, and then you came, and I- I won’t lose you without fighting for you.”
The Doctor pushed his round spectacles up higher on the bridge of his nose, “It seems I have spoken too much. It won’t be long now, Captain Rogers. We just have a few tests more to clear before you’ll be allowed out and then Director Fury will debrief you on the rest.”
Tony brought his arms around to hug Steve from behind and hummed, “I don’t know. I think he gets this from you.”
Pym looked relieved that the social call wasn't his to deal with. Neither of them were particularly fond of chitchatting with the military agents. He rolled his shoulders towards Potts in a 'have at it' gesture, and then rolled his chair back to his own station.
Potts shook his head, "It wasn't for me, I'm better fitted to knocking heads with Pym here in the lab." He rubbed his chest absentmindedly, hoping Stevens wouldn't read into it.
He was on his twelfth analysis, when he saw a small body swinging between the buildings. He was shooting off when he realized why that body looked familiar.
Steve smiled at him, and the way he looked at Tony. Like Tony was his, and he was Tony’s and they all belonged to each other.
It shouldn’t surprise him, he thought in a near mirror to his first thoughts when he met Tony. Seeing Iron man for the first time during the war had felt like a miracle.
Watching Tony interact with Goose, however, was cathartic. Steve could admit to being jealous of their easy bond when he couldn't seem to interact well with either (and he wanted to, oh god he wanted to so much). Steve knew that Tony had lost someone important to him as well, a kid. Spider-Man. Something about they way Tony talked about him made Steve think that the boy had meant more to Tony than any of them realised. Goose always noticed those moments, the ones when Tony would retreat into himself, dark eyes lost. The cat would crawl into Tony's lap and quietly nuzzle the man until Tony's mind came back from wherever it was those moments sent it.
“Yes, everyone saw that.” The attendant looked at Steve, confused. “You didn’t need the news for that, just had to look outside your window.”
Clint loved playing with Goose. Steve hadn't seen Clint smile once since they found him. No more sassy jokes or his usual laid back attitude, Clint's pain over the loss of his family and children had crippled that part of him. But around Goose, Steve watched Clint come out of his shell a little. Once, he had offhandedly told Steve that his daughter loved cats.
Stevens chuckled, blue eyes filled with mirth, "I don't know. You seem like a man who might need some supervision yourself, Doctor."
Thanos simply lifted his arm and the alien halted, its mouth opening in a silent scream as its body started to slowly compress. Bones broke and cracked as the aliens huge limbs bent into unnatural angles. Tony couldn’t stand it -- he couldn’t watch anymore.
There was yelling but no gunshots. That was a good thing, right? Unless they wanted to save the bullets and were just gutting Steve and Bucky. And yup, there went the guilt. Bucky was helpless because of me. Despite everything I didn’t want him to die.
“If you didn’t want to be barfed on your shouldn’t have kidnapped me,” I said, trying to tug my arm free from blondies death grip. The man was strong, even for an alpha. “Seriously,” I snapped at him, trying to mask my fear with exasperation. “Let go already. I’m not going anywhere.”
Tony forced himself not to run away screaming. “Understood,” he said brightly. “Do as I’m told or face the consequences. Colour me suitably terrified.”
Steve looked over at Bucky, frowning with his signature sourpuss expression. “I don’t want our people to worry.”
She turned two inky black eyes on Tony, full of pain and exhaustion. “You’re alive, Stark,” she noted flatly.
“Stark? Stark, are you well?” he could barely hear her but he was glad he wasn't alone. He wished he could return the favour
He could tell she didn't want to show her back, despite how much of a non-threat he posed. Tony could only guess what she’d been through to make her that way. In fact, he realised as he wrapped his arms around her shoulders and neck, he knew absolutely nothing about her.
He resisted the urge to pull away. It was impossible not to imagine how ridiculously easy it would be for Thanos to crush Tony’s head, to break his neck or crack his spine. A tiny bit of pressure and…
She looked over her shoulder, staring at him. “I thought Quill might have been the exception. It turns out, however, that you’re actually all just ridiculous.”
I clawed at the edge of the mattress and tried to use it as leverage to pull myself free. “Get off,” I snarled, some distant part of me aware my voice was verging on hysterical. “Get off me.”
“No one is going to hurt you,” Steve said softly, clearly trying to be authoritative as he ushered me into the car and locked the cuff around my wrist. “You won’t be forced to do anything that makes you uncomfortable.”
“Small and clever Stark,” Thanos breathed, dropping down to one knee and caressing Tony’s cheek with his huge, blunt fingertips. “You know when to speak and when to hold your tongue. You know what happens to those that oppose me.”
“Get the fuck off me,” I said, my voice surprisingly calm despite how terrified I felt. I knew I had my answer -- they were going to rape me, that much was obvious. I wasn’t as sure what would happen to me after that, would they kill me, or pass me around first? Maybe they’d go down the Steve and Bucky route and try to knock me up. Choices choices.
I was suddenly torn between anger and terror. I felt a whine crawl up my throat and was incapable of holding it in. Both men cringed and moved towards me.
Both men exchanged unreadable looks. “It’s not like I haven’t been drenched in worse bodily fluids” Bucky said, using a bottle of water to wash himself down. “You think you can keep your stomach acid to yourself for the rest of the ride?”
They were such fragile creatures. So delicate and woefully unprepared for the dangers of the wider universe.
“No, I think you’re saying everything perfectly. You want to take me back to your little wonderland so you can lock me in and gently encourage me to let some asshole alpha stick his dick in me and knock me up, all for the greater good. Am I right?”
“Get off me,” he cried, near frantic as he tried to escape. It hurt him, pulling at the wound in his stomach. “Get off.”
“I mean, I knew alphas were strong. It’s one of those universally accepted facts - big biceps, small IQ’s - but you two, you’re not just buff, you’re freakishly strong. Like impossibly strong. I saw you rip a man's arm clean off and that ain’t normal.” I looked between them, waiting. “Well, anyone want to share with the class? Don’t be shy.”
“You’re very good at hiding your fear,” the Titan remarked thoughtfully. “But you don’t fool me. I know terror too intimately to be fooled by bravado.”
“A risk?” Tony snorted and immediately regretted it when the wound in his side flared with pain. He allowed himself to be dragged forward, unsure where she was taking him but incapable of mustering the energy to care. “He has all of the stones. He’s invincible.”
He’d stopped reacting whenever the Maw called Thanos ‘their’ father. It was a surefire way to make the alien hurt him and he didn’t have the energy to stave off the aliens deceptively jarring backhanders.
“It is not for us to ask questions of our father, Chōṭā,” the Maw cooed, all soft and gentle before his expression morphed into something sharp and mocking. “Now get up, before I have you dragged.”
I wasn’t going to admit I wasn’t actually planning anything. They were clearly wary and watching me way too closely. I was feeling pretty smug that Steve was actually, maybe, the tiniest bit scared of me. I had mixed feelings - they were unlikely to underestimate me for a third time but at least they weren’t treating me like a fucking cow for slaughter anymore.
I felt the bed dip and realised Steve was next to me. I curled further into myself and tried to remember the things Pepper would say when I was freaking out.
“Get away from me,” I snarled, shoving with all my strength. The man didn’t even have the good manners to so much as sway. Like, at all. “Seriously, let me out. I’m leaving.”
“I don’t mean you’re not weak or anything,” he hastened to add, looking a little worried that I might be insulted.
I realised my mouth was open and closed it with an audible click. Bucky guided me out of the car and that’s when I realised the Steve was sat in the jeep I had seen the day before. Apparently whoever it used to belong to was no longer in the picture.
“This has certainly been one of our more eventful runs,” Steve said, side-eying me as if I was in on the joke.
He didn’t pause when we entered the inn, pulling me up a short case of stairs and stepping uninvited into a compact room with one bed and a large bath. Bucky was already stripping when we entered. He looked back at us momentarily before lowering himself gingerly into the tub.
“Why does it matter,” I said, instantly regretting my tone when the man’s single eye narrowed irritably. “Not kitchen knives, if that’s what your asking. They’re still sharp. The sort of knives bad people use to stab one another with.”
He caught my wrist before I could open the door. We sat there for a tense moment, watching one another. “I’m sorry, but you really don’t get a choice. This will be a lot easier for you if you just relax. We aren’t going to hurt you.”
He looked at the bottle one last time, and then reached out and set it down on the coffee table in front of him. Tony Stark was everything one expected from an Alpha. He was charismatic, strong, extremely competent and was old-fashioned when it came to Omegas. He liked to woo them. Steve had watched him fall in love repeatedly, and had judged him for being so easily strung along by his instincts.
"No, it's okay." Steve replied. "The answer is pretty boring honestly. I just...got tired." His voice cracked on the last word and Tony reached out and held his hand. "That's a very valid reason, Steve." He told him. There was obviously more to the story, but Tony decided it would be better not to pry further.
Tony’s eyes narrow, and he steps back into Steve’s space. He is very close to Steve now, their faces inches apart. “Damn Steve, you okay? Your pupils are blown.”
Stark nodded enthusiastically. “That would be great! I’ll call you.” He patted his pockets, presumably for his phone and when he didn’t find it he just chuckled. “Or I’ll send a carrier bird, that might be quicker.”
It irritated him that he wasn’t. The unbridled nature of the emotion surprised him, and he tried to sledgehammer it back to obedience. It was enough that Steve partook in deviant activities with Stark, he didn’t need to leech onto the man at every unfamiliar turn. He scrubbed his palm down his face. It was disconcerting, to be left alone. He wasn’t truly alone, the cameras lining the corners and the ceiling to floor glass wall on the opposite end to the bed were enough proof of that. Steve rolled off the bed and onto the floor. He felt agitated. He began a series of push-ups hoping to work the frustration itching under his skin out of his system.
"I love you too, Dad." Ant replied easily. "Now go finish getting dressed. We don't want to keep Steve waiting."
Potts ducks his head down to hide a pleased smile, cuddling the puppy closer to his chest. “It’s okay, Cap.” He says. “You’re a good boy too.”
Tony’s mouth was wet and unbearably warm. His throat constricted like a vice around the tip of Steve’s erection. Just when Steve was certain he was going to ejaculate right down Tony’s throat, Tony’s fingers tightened around the base of Steve’s dick, and he pulled off with one last, thorough suck. “Not so quick, Captain.” He teased and then he dipped a finger into the slick on Steve’s thighs and lubricated it. “You’ll get off with my cock in your ass, Steve. That’s what you want, isn’t it?” He asked, quirking a brow at Steve while his eyes danced in various shades of blue.
