“Aw, why not? Is mommy not putting out? I thought you were the mommy, Tony baby?”
While he was nothing but elated to know how easily Bucky welcomed Tony into their lives, it also dawned on him on how much Bucky really loved Tony.
“Stark, I call dibs on godfather of your next kid!”
And that would have been how Ironteddy’s life would be from then on, until a day when he was caught.
Once upon a time there was a famous toymaker named Mr Stark. He lived in a beautiful mansion with his beautiful wife Mrs Stark and together they owned the biggest and most successful toy company in America. Mr Stark, an innovative engineer with endless imaginations for the unthinkable, designed all sorts of fascinating toys for young bright minds. Mrs Stark, however, loved small, sweet things and, with her dextrous hands, sewed and knitted and embroidered the most intricately detailed and beautiful toys. As the demand for their wonderful toys rose and rose, Mrs Stark no longer personally sewed all of the dolls by hand and Mr Stark no longer crafted hexagonal puzzle cubes himself. They had a factory with workers who realised their dreams and made them come true. However, Mr Stark still designed most of the toys and Mrs Stark still made soft toy prototypes before they went into production.
“I know what they are.”
Mr Stark, however, was not happy.
Standing in front of him was Obie, who stared at the teddy in mid-motion with the most astonished look in his eyes.
), he drew the most beautiful sketches and he was kind to everyone. He readily soaked up all the sci-fi Ironteddy could show him and adored playing with the bots, who beeped at him excitedly whenever he stopped by. If Ironteddy thought that by getting to know the bear more, he would lose his magic, then he was sorely mistaken. Whenever he praised Captain’s drawings and received his shy smile, he found himself falling more and more in love.
Really, with this much similarity to the movie, Bruce was very tempted to believe in Tony’s conspiracy theory.
“James?”
“He trashed your place and started to growl at Sam, so he dropped him in front of our door and ran for it. I’m going to skin him alive tomorrow, don’t you worry, but in the meantime Bucky had crashed all the vases in the living room and is now chewing on the curtains. Laura is hyperventilating and Clint is failing at calming her down, and none of us would like to have our limbs bitten off by the beast, so you’d better be dressed two minute ago and on your way here, you bastard, or I swear you will never be able to get it up again, Steven Grant Rogers!”
No more love.
And so, late at night, when Mr Stark had finally fallen asleep at his desk after a bout of drinking, Ironteddy sneaked into his workshop and designed himself a friend who would love him. It was hard for a teddy to hold a pencil, but he wrapped both of his stubby arms around the pen and dragged it across the paper with cautious steps, fearful that he would wake Mr Stark. Ironteddy drew and made some calculations and drew some more, and when dawn arrived, he dropped the pencil and tugged his drawing into one of the many forgotten drawers that were in the workshop, then he quietly sneaked through the door and came back to the toy room before he could be caught by anyone.
Such as the one conjured up in his lab this morning.
Ironteddy had no words, he just held on tight. And Ironteddy would not know this for years to come, but that was the first time he loved.
As WALL-E and EVE repeated the words, the bots went all hyper and chattered to one another in increasingly loud volume while nudging towards WALL-E and EVE continuously like overtly affectionate puppies.
“I will bring him back, I promise.”
Humans had no awareness of this, but teddy bears were living beings.
Years later, Ironteddy still lived with Obie. Stane Industries were stronger than ever, specialising in manufacturing weapons for the army, all designed by the one famous Ironteddy. He was soon known as the Teddy of Death and he took it all in stride, for it had no grand meaning to him. He himself did not even know what humans used his inventions for. He just created and created, making a reality of his thoughts and ideas to cater to whatever Obie asked him to do. Need a missile that had a longer range? Or a faster sleeker jet? Ironteddy could make them all. The more he created the more Obie loved him, which in turn fed him energy and allowed him to create even more. It was a perfect relationship. Most of the time he was cooped up in the workshop, knowing nothing else but the tools and metals and his bots beeping underfoot and whatever JARVIS deemed important enough to tell him. Sometimes though, Obie would bring him to launching parties and press conferences, acting as a reassuring sight as Obie talked about whatever new products or announcements they had. He was not usually asked for an opinion for he could not speak and that made for an awkward interview, but every now and then he would scribble an anecdote on paper and show it to the crowd who went wild as if on cue. He sometimes had to go to board meetings to explain his new designs, and eventually it was too much for a teddy bear to remember, so they hired him a fierce redhead named Pepper.
It was December, which did not mean much to Ironteddy other than the fact that outside got darker more quickly and there was a thick fluffy white layer of snow outside. Mr Jarvis had talked to him about snow ages ago when he used to live in the toy room but he had never experienced it. For a teddy did not feel the physical cold, he could not comprehend what touching snow would feel like. To him, it had always looked soft and nice to run on.
Ironteddy could tell that Rhodeybear wanted to go outside.
“Aww, and they’re conscious robots too. Sounds like someone’s offended. Good for you, Reed my old man. Any idea what they are though?”
Yet, for all the love that Spideybear received, he still adored Ironteddy, an old unloved teddy bear. It was nothing short of a surprise, for how such a fulfilling teddy as Spidey could come to have affection for him was unthinkable. Spideybear’s affection was so overwhelming and blazing, Ironteddy felt like his yarn was burned every time they talked. Ironteddy, in turn, felt nothing but love to the little bear who was loving and joyful and was curious about all the things around him, jumping with joy every time he came to Ironteddy’s workshop, texting him a million questions and chasing his bots around in delight. Ironteddy did not think that Spideybear was aware of his feelings, but he would like to think that he did anyway.
For a while, DUMMY was enough.
EVE must have thought that the bots were no danger to her at some point, because while her arms were still crossing in front of her body, she allowed the bots to come closer to her until a point when Dummy’s claw tapped at her shoulder. EVE jumped and pointed a blade at Dummy who froze immediately.
“I don’t mean to offend,” huffed Richards, “but I very doubt you would have more knowledge on alien technology than myself, or even your Iron Man.”
It would be another month before Ironteddy saw Mrs Stark again. That morning, Mr Jarvis took extra care to dust him free of any dust and picked him clean of lint. Then, he brought him out of the toy room and handed him to Mr Stane who greeted him with a loud laugh. Mr Stane held him in his large warm arms and walked to the car outside where Mr and Mrs Stark were already waiting. He sat in the front seat and asked Mrs Stark whether she would like to hold Ironteddy. Ironteddy was facing ahead, so he had no idea what her reaction was, but eventually Mr Stane gave him to Mrs Stark and she gripped him tightly as the car moved. Mrs Stark’s face was cold as ice and so were her fingertips as they dug into his arms. She hardly looked at him but spent the majority of the time staring straight ahead with occasional glances to Mr Stark sitting next to her. Mr Stark himself never once acknowledged him and stayed sullenly silent despite Mr Stane’s jovial attempt at conversations. When the car stopped in front of a building, Mr and Mrs Stark put on a lukewarm smile on their face and faced the crowd waiting outside. They walked up a podium where Mr Stark introduced the new line of toy, the Ironteddies, as Mrs Stark stood next to him and cradling Ironteddy in the crook of her arm. Their faces looked excited and their voices even more so, but Ironteddy only felt the cold. As the crowd applauded and the children started to demand their parents for the new toy, Mrs Stark quietly walked back to the car. She dropped Ironteddy in the front seat and belted herself to the back, resolutely not looking at him. When the men came back, Mr Stane wordlessly held Ironteddy for the rest of the drive home, and while his hands were callous and rough, Ironteddy sighed and leaned into them all the same, for it was all that he would ever get.
Despite the annoyance of having to deal with the vultures, Tony and Steve did not let them upset their lives. They went out regularly and ignored the press the best they could. Out of all the Avengers they got it the worst but it was something they had come to expect.
Natasha tapped on the barstool between Tony and her, indicating that was where Wade should sit. He did so, but moved slowly as if he was wary of an attack. Natasha pushed the bowl of chips toward him and stated, “Eat, you must be hungry after pleasuring Spidey all night.”
Tony was in the kitchen leaning against the counter, trying but failing at being inconspicuous as he watched the Winter Soldier. He was sipping some coffee and when Steve walked in he lifted his mug and said, “Morning, beautiful.”
“By the way he jumped two stories without any assistance, I doubt he is no one,” Coulson retorted smartly.
“Chimichanga Gansta fo’ life, my plushie wolverine,” Wade retorted, making Logan roll his eyes.
Tony grinned and murmured, “But I need to be proper.”
Wanda laughed, “More than happy to help.”
“Well maybe not out-out with that insane horde of reporters outside,” Tony quickly reiterated. “Maybe in, on my floor, we could do a dinner date?”
Tony wasn’t fully convinced and murmured, “Are you sure? Is this like the calm before the storm? Maybe this is like your nirvana stage and you’re going to disappear any second…”
Peter grinned and hugged him. He murmured into his shoulder, “Thanks, Dad.”
“Alright,” Tony sighed, poking at his food and strangely feeling like a dejected child.
went to fast? Steve said he was fine with kissing but they did
James’ hold on her tightened exponentially. She returned the pressure it was a reminder for both of them that they were not alone in this.
“Choose…Martyr…Oh my God,” Tony gasped as his usual quick mind was slow on the uptake. Steve. Steve his glorious, noble, self-sacrificing husband…he would do it.
It made it a little harder for people to get his attention.
“Wilson may change for him,” Steve murmured. “You didn’t hear him, honey. Peter said he hadn’t felt this way about someone since Gwen. He really cares for the man.”
, Tony thought ironically.
The Tesseract had transported him back to the base where it was last housed. The base had since then been destroyed.
Tony turned toward her voice and, instead of seeing his aunt, he saw the blurred butt of a rifle butt coming straight at him. Tony instinctively fell back but he still got hit against his cheekbone. He felt like his face crumbled and he fell to his knees with a pained shout.
want those pictures!” Tony countered. “And what should we tell them? I’m engaged to the once dead Captain America?”
A minute or two later, Bruce and Tony came in and, to Peter’s absolute surprise, Tony smiled when he saw them. Wade shifted just enough to let Bruce give Peter a look over but he still leaned into his side and kept his arms draped around Peter’s waist. Peter discreetly watched his father as Bruce worked. Tony still had that air of worry about him, which was no surprise since his son was being checked over by a doctor but he looked relieved and happy…and in no way upset that Peter and Wade were together in bed with Wade draped over him so familiarly while Peter was half naked.
Steve threw back his head and let go the laughter he’d been holding in. Tony kept his brows pinched but was smiling, which turned out to be a very complicated matter. Steve saw his struggle and rounded the table to kiss his brow like he promised.
“He was really upset by how they reacted to his relation to Stark,” Wade countered to his voices.
Steve pursed his lips into a tight line and scowled at Tony.
Venom’s head jerked and, to everyone’s absolute surprise, it replied with a tortured, harsh voice, that wasn’t Peter’s and made Tony’s hair rise. It couldn’t speak intelligibly and murmured, “D-D-D-.”
“Yes, Sir,” Jarvis asserted.
Steve spent his time with the crew, helping where he could whether it was untangling lines or peeling potatoes. The crew readily warmed up to him and, just like the American team, when they learned of his “amnesia” they were quick to talk to him about home or show him how things worked.
Bucky cleaned up the mess with the broom and dust pan and then returned to the couch with his perplexed expression still in place. Pepper gathered all the fragile art pieces she could and stored them in her room for safekeeping before returning to the couch and grabbing a slice of pizza.
century’s as well. Tony would go to the past knowing Steve had time traveled too.
Steve’s expression grew a little more grim but, with resolve in his voice, he settled back down into the pillow and said, “We need to have them over soon.”
Tony shook his head. His hands were already beginning to tremble so Steve could literally feel him breaking. Tony gasped, “You left. You didn’t want to be near me. I wasn’t going to be petty by using it as an excuse.”
Steve smiled at Tony as an excited thrill ran through him and he boldly whispered, “Kiss me.”
Tony shook his head and replied, “It was like a fickle genie. You didn’t word your wish exactly so it gave you the bare minimum. I survived, just barely…and not exactly whole…”
Steve woke with a hiss and snapped his head in the direction of his son’s voice. Peter sat next to Steve, sleepily rubbing at his eyes.
He saw a flash of white in the black and, for a second, thought it was his son’s mouth.
“And if I refuse?”
“…You probably heard…after my time in the Vault, I was recruited by the FBI. I use my abilities to help them in their investigations and the kidnapping of Peter Parker just became their top case,” Eddie replied. “And… Venom is still able to sense you so...I just followed the pull…”
have kept me busy, BUT I promise the next chapter will definitely come out much sooner!
SHIELD and the Avengers became his and Steve’s pet project. They sat up night making their plans, envisioning facilities and ways they could help people beyond punching an alien in the face.
“I’ll be alright, I’ve got you to come back to after all.”
“What about Tony??” A missile was shot from one of the helicopters and was going straight to the mansion.
Steve rolled his eyes but let Tony drag him over to where he’d been standing moments before and he reopened all of his windows with a wave of his hand. Tony demanded, “Help me!”
He landed in the backyard. The reporters saw him land but, thanks to the high fence, they were unable to see him as he strolled up to the back door. This will be the only time the Parkers may be thankful for having their neighbors living practically on top of them!
“Captain Rogers testified, under oath, that he did not touch this woman. Could someone else have taken the sample and placed it on the dress?”
“There’s no need,” Steve replied in a lower voice, hoping to get Thor to lower his.
He'd lost his best friend once before...but this time felt more tragic. Bucky had gone through and lost so much. It was not fair that it end like this...that he'd lost
Tony gently ran his hands over his back and murmured into his neck, “It hasn’t been an hour yet, but would you like another reminder that I love you?”
He didn’t want Bucky to have died…
Steve was dead.
The screen expanded on the area, showing Steve’s familiar form and the flurry of bodies around him trying to bring him down in the main glass elevator.
He grasped Tony’s cock and jerked him off in time with his thrusts, making his soulmate unravel quickly. Steve let himself give over to the pleasure so he could come with Tony and then he collapsed beside his soulmate, turning so he’d be facing him. Tony turned to him and Steve reached out and touched the strange mark again. Tony looked down and Steve said, “It’s coming from your reactor. Is it an infection?”
“There’s also the matter of –,” Pepper continued.
“Sorry to tell you this,” she stated sarcastically. “But I’m not going to follow you into cryo…I want to live…and I want – no, I
Lana and Tony only dated for a month, but Tony was quick to jump into another relationship and what followed was a series of quick romances over the span of the next few years. Steve eventually became desensitized to the ache in his heart and took on the role of friend or consoler as Tony talked to him about his various relationships.
Peter clutched his chest tightly as if the pressure might dull the pain. It only worsened. He looked to his dad and saw him collapse. His pops fell to his knees beside him, calling out to him.
“No, sorry Dad,” Peter replied. “That belongs to the X-Men.”
“It might only activate when he’s scared like the Hulk comes out when I am angry,” Bruce speculated, still staring at Peter. Peter was oblivious to the fact that he was the topic of conversation. He sat on Steve’s lap busily eating his third banana and watching a cartoon on Bruce’s tablet.
Steve sighed heavily but did not counter what Tony said. What could he say? He was right Bucky was unstable and he himself said he was not in control of himself. What if the Soldier came out again?
“No, they will not elaborate as well. Fury says we should have answered the call,” Jarvis stated. “They’re landing, Ma’am.”
He wasn’t ready for this. He didn’t even know there was a “this” to worry about until last night! And how concerned about “this” should he be? Did he just want to be friends with Steve too? He didn’t know if he could answer these questions yet! It was too soon!
“True, it would break the internet!” Tony chuckled. He pressed into Steve and thought back to his statements to the press. His mood darkened with threat of the trial looming over Steve. What if Steve was charged guilty? What kind of future would he have then? He whispered, “I want to be with you, Steve…I will always stay by your side…no matter what.”
The day Tony had been born, Steve swore to himself that he’d be strong for Tony but…he couldn’t be strong anymore. He’d shouldered so much over the years, but he couldn’t do it anymore. He couldn’t be strong for Tony after nearly losing him again and again and not being able to even attempt to help him. He was there for Tony in the dreamworld, but… he wanted to be there for him in the real world too…
Richard Parker was his father, not Tony Stark.
Bucky rubbed at his face and he finally met Steve's eyes. His best friend looked broken and lost.
It was just like the old times, him and Bucky getting together to solve a problem. It was what they were best at. As Bucky used to say, they were partners in crime.
Tony did not sleep, instead, he fretted about their kiss, questioned his sexuality, and worried over his friendship with Steve.
“We’ll do it again and again and again, in whatever way you want,” Wade promised. “You have me, baby boy.”
"I mean... we can do it the other way, but its going to be tougher on you, Steve..." Tony stated and his lips paused in their kisses as Tony gave Steve his total attention. He whispered, "I want everything to be perfect tonight. I don't want to hurt you anymore than I have to..."
Natasha and Coulson exchanged glances and then Coulson said, “We’re going to need to use your building, Stark. It seems HQ has been infested.”
Steve shook the robot’s hand and a smile broke across his face. He informed the machine, “It will take a lot more to impress me.
It was past midnight so most of the 107
“No, Buck—,” Steve began.
Vision was at Wanda’s side in an instant and he murmured, “We need to get back to the Tower immediately.”
And because he didn’t, countless people were dead and Pops was a host to the symbiote, cursed to eat people to survive.
Tony wound his arms behind Steve’s head and forced him back down to kiss him some more. Steve chuckled but obliged and Tony wrapped his legs around Steve’s hips.
Gasping for breath after pushing himself to run his fastest, Steve stared down at the photo, looking for any changes.
“…I’ve been reading up on the New York judicial system,” Bruce murmured from Tony’s side. “If you can poke enough holes in the prosecution’s evidence during the hearing then the trial won’t happen.”
So the last chapter will most likely take longer to come out as I'm gonna need that sleep! But, no worries, I have already written out the next scene (I couldn't stop after THAT last scene) and will work on it when I have free time! I can't leave y'all hanging for long after what I just did to Tony!
It – It wasn’t…
He was so perfect and alive and Tony’s.
Bucky handed it over and Tony gingerly stepped away. Pepper had been in the kitchen and she stared at Tony with wide eyes as he walked past her to throw out the vase.
“I doubt it will go away. It’s an extension of me now. My brain knows I cannot live without it so I cannot will it away just like you can’t will away your arm…”
“Thank you,” Steve whispered reverently.
Suddenly, though, the scene changed and Howard was leaning against his desk, holding the very notebook Tony had sitting on the coffee table in front of him. Tony’s version was obviously older and was complete again with the old pages reinserted, but Howard’s looked fresh and Tony wondered if there were pages still to be filled in there.
“I can make a wish!” Peter whispered excitedly to Steve as if it was a grand secret. Tony pulled back the cake and began to cut it.
. Fight it.
Pepper rolled her eyes and a small smile tugged at her lips. She patted his arm and said, “You’re a good person, Tony.”
Steve twitched under his touch and gasped, “Y-Your cousin’s wife?”
“Black,” Peter replied. "Dark roast."
The Soldier kicked Tony off Steve and Tony fell back with a choked gasp. The Soldier spared him a glance before holding his gun to Steve’s forehead.
Steve came to with a splitting headache.
“It’s simple!” Tony announced, waving his arms to garner both Pepper and Coulson’s attention. When their heads both snapped in his direction, he stated, “I don’t go.”
“Tony?” Steve’s concerned voice made Peter jump away from Tony. Steve looked from Tony’s glassy eyes to Peter’s red, tearstained face and his look of concern evolved into total alarm.
Venom was dying.
They’d only had been able to have penetrative sex one night in the past and, back then, they had to muffle their groans to keep their secret.
Wade murmured something similar but Peter was too busy frowning at his fellow intern to notice the social nicety. Eddie avoided his gaze.
“Yeah,” Tony hoarse replied, his throat dry.
Tony flew faster than he ever had before. It was reckless and was pushing his repulsors but he had to get to Steve.
The Avengers attempted to enter the room once Peter was unconscious but Venom had been unaffected by the drug and pushed them back. They did not attempt again, fearing the monster would hurt Peter more.
The only change he can make was what was going to happen to the time machine.
Tony lifted his head with a pout and turned to Pepper. He groaned, “What are you doing here?? I had Jarvis lock this place down!”
Wade put down the tablet and ran his hands over Peter’s muscles and corrected himself, “Little? Did I say that about my tarantula sized dick Spidey?”
With a racing heart, Tony avoided Steve and Bucky's gazes and made his way to the exit.
He was expecting something Hydra related but instead Jarvis relayed, “It appears Thor just arrived on the planet through the Asgardians’ method of interstellar travel.”
The message ended and Steve immediately checked to see when he called. He nearly dropped the phone when he saw it. He called late last night, Steve was probably asleep but he had called.
“…It is past noon,” Steve replied.
They got in easily enough but that was where things started going downhill.
Steve’s intuition instantly screamed something was wrong. SHIELD had them on speed dial. Steve asked, “Are their communications down?”
The Americans stayed for a few hours and rested from the long trip. They had brought some supplies on their Sno-Cat which the Russians unloaded for them. No tent was large enough for everyone to gather in so they all gathered in the center of the tents and huddled together like penguins. The abundance of bodies was enough to keep them all warm and whatever cold they may have felt was warded off by cheer and good fun.
He mutely made up his mind. He left the duffel bags on the floor and headed out of the room, dragging the thick blanket behind him in his wake.
Tony took them to his mansion. It was nicknamed the Avengers’ Mansion by the locals because it was where the team usually went to unwind. It was still in New York City but the building was not a regular house by any means. It was three stories high and was the size of a city block. It was not near the hustle and bustle of the city center but it was close enough that Steve doubted the paparazzi would not stay away.
. Vision may not smell ‘right’ to Logan, but at least he didn’t smell ‘bad’. You have to admit that particular feature is a little disconcerting…”
Peter glanced up at the recliner and, for a second, saw the shadow of Tony Stark sitting there. The ghost of his hazel eyes stared at Peter morosely.
And why was it still on him??
“Never mind,” Peter deadpanned, turning back to the Captain. “He’s just as dorky as the rest of us…”
In the darkness of his sealed eyes, everything was much more manageable.
For the first time since his emergence, Venom allowed himself to think and then ultimately
“No, May, the location is good, great even. It brings us a step closer to him.”
But that guilt amounted to nothing compared to the overwhelming remorse he felt when Tony came back from one of those fights with a few broken ribs.
“You’re trying to distract me from the fact that you’re about the get the cylinder removed from your chest and bone grafted into the space to strengthen your rib cage.”
“Sold! Let’s go!” Tony said and dragged him to the elevator.
…All-All this happened because we were on a mission. We were
“Great…” Steve sarcastically replied. Now he had to worry about the vultures swooping in on top of everything else.
Steve straightened up and covered his genitals with a frown. He demanded, “How am I alive?”
Tony let out a sigh of relief and whispered, “Are you sure this is
“I need baking soda,” Steve commanded, his tone hinting at no questions asked.
. He was seeing Tony for Tony, not what the media tarnished or his history blemished. He wanted to sleep with Tony...for being Tony. It wasn't for a chance at fame or adding an infamous ledger to his book. He wanted to be with Tony
“I let it slip,” Bucky explained, his face expressionless. “It won’t happen again.”
“Stay here,” Peggy commanded. “We’ve taken care of the forces in this area and are corralling the rest to the open road.”
“It would never hold up in court,” Tony cut him off apologetically. “Alien evidence would never be accepted, no matter their weight in proof…”
Steve inhaled sharply and took in the scene with wide eyes. She couldn’t be…
“Captain!” Marcel called out to him. Steve turned and saw his lawyers standing down the hall. Marcel waved him over and the churning in his stomach turned to lead and weighed heavily in his gullet.
Forget earthshattering…this was
“This is a little ostentatious,” Steve murmured. He met Tony’s hazel eyes and felt the flush hit his cheeks. He hoped Tony would attribute it to the flair of Peter’s new toy.
“Maybe a little,” Cap laughed. “And you're applying it wrong! Here, let me help…”
to live with you. You won’t hurt me if you stay out of cryo but if you go in…” She didn’t finish. She just squeezed his hand and bit down on her lip, letting him come up with the answer. She paused as his gaze became introverted. She continued, after a short elapse in time, and whispered, “Cryo isn’t your only option, James. I’m also an option…
If love would not come to him naturally, then the logical conclusion was to create love.
“It can. Are you asking to trade a soul for a soul?”
After the first night where she had hold him in her sleep, the next morning she handed him to a man called Mr Jarvis, who brought him to another room. The room was spacious and lit from two large windows on the wall, it was lined with shelves and shelves filled with toys of all kinds. Mr Jarvis called this the toy room and placed him on a dust-free shelf next to a shiny blue cube. Mr Jarvis caressed his soft ears and gently touched his arm with a sad look on his face, then he was gone. The next morning, he would be back to dust the room, humming softly as he went along, touching each and every toy with a loving look. He said good morning to Ironteddy and gave him a smile. He was soon gone, but the next day the sun returned and brought Mr Jarvis back as well.
Ironteddy almost did not want to come back. He dreaded finding out who had perished, who had survived. He found himself wondering about Captain, then quickly chastised himself for asking so. The Milano landed on the grassy field outside of the Wakandan capital in the middle of what seemed to be a battlefield. From afar, Ironteddy saw some of the old Avengerteddies, Bruciebear and Rhodeybear and Widowbear stumbling around in a daze. And there was Captain.
As it turned out, Tony and Bucky knew each other.
If staying in New York was not an option, maybe it was time to take things abroad.
“What?... Uh… Damn it, Tony.”
So, he bit the bullet and looked on as the loves of his life getting closer to each other and felt colder by the days.
That was the only rare good time he had of Mr Stark. In retrospect, Ironteddy wished that he had never known how it felt like, for it only served as a bitter recollection to him from then on, a sour taste of a thing unattainable, a thing of such beauty dangling above your head that you could never get. It was worse than when Mr Stark had never loved him.
“To be fair, Disney only acquired Star Wars recently, so that is a bit less likely than the rest…”
“Clint, stop provoking him. Steve will go for it in his own time.”
The third time, Rhodeybear came back smelling of stale beer. He had accidentally stepped in a puddle of spilled beer, he said. They spent the rest of the night trying to wash Rhodeybear and get rid of the smell.
After a couple minutes when nobody moved, Dummy let out the robot’s equivalent of a whimper (he really was Tony’s creation wasn’t he?) and tried to touch EVE again. This time, EVE let him tap his claw gently on her body. Slowly, the other bots joined in, circling around her and poking at her curiously but carefully. A few minutes later, they realised that WALL-E had peeped his eyes out of his metal body. The bots started to make excited chirpy sounds and WALL-E, spooked, scooted a bit further under the bench. Seeing this, the bots were obviously dejected and emitted a soft distressing noise, which prompted EVE to make a shushing sound of her own. She then lowered her arm under the bench towards WALL-E and called his name. WALL-E, after a long look at EVE, hesitantly took a hold of her appendage with his claw and rolled out into the open.
The first thing that came to his mind was to take Tony away from Bucky.
Days later, the drawing was finally completed. Ironteddy was so excited he almost knocked over the cup full of coloured pencils which would have waken Mr Stark for sure. He could feel the stitches on his neck quiver with excitement, but he tried to control himself. He rolled up the drawing and carried it over to the tool corner where Mr Stark kept his nuts and bolts and screwdrivers and other things he used to make mechanical toys. There, under a sliver of moonlight from the window high above, Ironteddy started to assemble his creation. He found a bit of scrap metal under the desk and some nails and hammers, and bit by bit, a little bit of tape here, a shiny light bulb there, little by little Ironteddy invented.
It was impossibly easy. Tony, the wild unpredictable creature that he was, had a widely known weakness – his love for coffee. Namely, coffee from a shop opposite of Stark Tower which he swore was the best he had ever had. So, it was only a matter of time before someone took notice, planted a smoke bomb and scurried him away in the chaos. By the time the smoke was cleared and people realised that Tony was gone, he was already halfway through the States.
“Not good enough.”
But then again, Bruce thought to himself, sometimes he’d really really rather not be in the same city as the Fantastic Four.
“Is that why he kept looking at me like I murdered his puppies?”
“Yes, Bucky’s fine. I’m not, thanks for asking!”
Or so he said, but he could not just get rid of his love. Even though Captain obviously did not care for him one wit. Even though Captain had hid the truth from him, had fought him despite his grief, had sided with his friend and abandoned him, broken and tattered, in the middle of a wasteland. Even though Captain had run away to Kittyland, shaking off responsibilities and years of friendship and a promise of love.
“Cut with the pretty words, Richards, we all know what happened.” Tony jumped in in the middle of Richards’ attempt to deflect. “What happened was basically you guys screwing up one of the quote-uncontrollable variables-unquote, telling yourself to hell with it and continuing anyway because apparently what’s the worst that can happen, and now we’ve got a nice old alternate-universe portal occupying half of Bruce’s lab.”
“Hello, little one,” he greeted, as Ironteddy trekked up to his hut from where he left the Milano. The second time, Thanos was still imposingly large, the muscles of his arms still rolled with power, the Gauntlet firm in in left hand, one flick of his finger was enough to send Ironteddy flying. Yet, his demeanour had changed; he no longer seemed frightening and arrogant, just quiet and solemn, and he stretched out his hand as if to beckon Ironteddy over. Ironteddy knew that he was supposed to be scared still, yet somehow he was not, and so he approached him calmly, finally climbing into his hand.
The best thing that came out of this was that Rhodeybear could now go outside in broad daylight without fear. Every time he stepped out, he was treated like a celebrity, people dogging his steps and watching what a teddy would do for the day, they asked for his photos and signatures like he was a superstar. The few times that Rhodeybear could convince Ironteddy to come with them, the crowd went even wilder, so Ironteddy eventually opted to stay inside away from the mass. Gradually, Rhodeybear got bored of cruising the town with no purpose in mind and the people no longer followed him around as the sight had lost its novelty. One day, Rhodeybear came to Ironteddy and told him that he would like to join the Army. Turned out, he had come across a barrack and ventured inside and had long talks with the soldiers stationed there, had toured the place and had found meaning in what they did.
“And my hearing is superior to you mortals,” Thor added with a smirk.
“Friday told me of Wilson’s arrival so I came to greet your guest,” he murmured darkly, glaring at Wade all the while. Stark’s gaze shifted to Peter to watch him pull down his shirt and then the glare returned to Wade with ten times the burning ferocity.
“Peter –,” Pops gasped. “Th-Those eyes…”
Peter crawled forward and smashed the toy into the softer stuffed animal. Steve and Tony followed, both laughing and leaning into each other as their toys joined the outlandish fray. At one point in the battle, as Dr. Teddy deflected one of Hulk’s attack with his fluffy armor, Tony gaze found Steve’s and he smiled genuinely at him, his eyes sparkling as he did.
“You two need to kiss already,” Natasha murmured and Steve laughed at the teasing joke.
“Captain Rogers, I am going to have to ask you to put down your shield and come with me. You are under arrest for the rape of Susan Tyler,” the man stated.
Wade smiled crookedly at him and murmured, “The feeling is mutual, baby boy.”
“Alright then,” Sam said. “I’ve got command.”
“Imagine if all of this never happened with Tyler? We’d still have our heads in our asses without a clue that the other was feeling the same thing!” Tony gasped dramatically.
“Natalia…” He whispered, unsure how to continue, but, the mentioning of her true name was enough. Her eyes illuminated with hope and she tenderly cupped the side of his face. She slowly rose to meet his lips. She gave him ample opportunity to pull away but he didn’t and mutely accepted her kiss.
‘Hell yeah!’ Wade replied, making Peter smile and the nervous feeling, that was starting to creep into his belly, dissipated.
It was like they were in some kind of romantic comedy. Steve had also literally fallen into their match too. How many times had he seen that in the cheesy romances? And the fact that they interacted before realizing they were soulmates? How much more cliché can they be?
just once…a year, only on August 20
Well…Now was better than never…
“What happened?” Tony demanded, not liking how nervous Peter looked.
…It scared him.
He did not know how he was going to react when Venom finally melted away and all Tony was hitting was Peter’s flesh. And if his son was still alive, Tony probably would kill himself for hurting him.
“It’s his odd way of showing he cares about you. He thinks Wade is taking advantage of you,” Steve explained, folding up his newspaper and crossing his arms in front of him to give Peter his full attention.
“The Chameleon was paid in cash,” Bucky stated. He sat down heavily next to Steve and stole some toast off his plate.
Steve noted the change in his emotional state and trailed his kisses back up Tony's body as he wrapped up his vows. He finished them, tracing his nose along Tony's jaw and whispering, "I love you, hubby."
“I think you need to go back to the press barricades and report on the attack, not gossip,” Steve retorted sharply. The young man in his arms grunted in agreement.
“Just Tony is fine,” Tony assured the nervous man. “Thank you, Wade…” Peter rose his eyebrows and Tony hastily continued, “And also…I’d like to apologize…for everything. I was a real jerk to you and it was all without merit…”
Steve Rogers would never give up!” Coulson snapped. “Keep working on a solution and stop making excuses!”
Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s hair, carding new strands with ever passing. He whispered, “You – You want to hear something crazy? I told the entire world I am Iron Man a few hours ago.”
Steve nearly rolled his eyes. Sneaky was clearly programed with an unfiltered sarcasm chip. He grasped Gibbons’ shoulder and murmured, “Yes, this is it. It goes by Sneaky.”
“He’s watching right now. I’m giving you the chance to speak now.”
The last few months had been crazy with attending hearings and news conferences, fighting to get the law passed while also planning this wedding. All the while raising a toddler that somehow the ability to get into EVERYTHING.
“I’m going to check on Master Tony and the Missus,” Jarvis stated, tucking the shotgun into a safer position in the crook of his arm. “Will you be alright alone a moment, sir?”
“Hey!” Bucky called, grabbing his attention. Bucky stood on the training mats. He was barefoot, bare-chested, and seemingly bare of weapons. All his articles were piled together on the edge of the mat. Bucky took a fighting stance and said, “Come at me.”
“I have Disney’s
Tony huffed and rose once again from his work to speak to his AI. He put his hands on his knees and retorted, “That’s enough sass from you.”
“You back, Bucky?” Steve asked.
cared for Steve. It was that simple fact that was making all of this so difficult.
“But if they aren’t there then this will be all for nothing.”
He and Steve kept their promises. Tony had completely cut himself off from the Commandos and moved with Panzer and his team. And neither one of them approached the other.
On the way to his room, they kissed almost lazily. In the elevator, Wade pressed him into the wall and kissed his neck with unhurried lips. In the penthouse, Peter would randomly tug Wade to a full stop just to steal a quick but standstill chaste kiss. And finally, in his room, Wade cupped his face and kiss him similarly to when they first started dating, like he was the most precious thing on the planet…which was probably true for Wade because it was so for Peter.
He could have hated Tony. He could have never forgiven him for what he did...but Steve did not want to live the last days of his life such.
“I’ve loved you for years,” Tony whispered. “But you never noticed…and I thought if I threw myself into other relationships…I would stop loving you but…but I can’t. What happened with Francesca proves it! I wasn’t upset that she cheated on me! I was actually relieved! Our relationship was based on lust…not like our relationship…”
Steve kissed him to silence the inane babbling for a moment and then he chuckled, “You are ridiculous.”
No longer feeling sleepy, Tony pushed himself to his elbows and gasped, “What??”
“Mr. Stark? When did you get here?” Sam asked, finally reaching them. The social worker at his side looked between them with wide disbelieving eyes. Sam must’ve forgotten to mention he’d left the baby with an Avenger.
Instead, Peter woke alone to darkness.
Tony woke hours earlier than he usually did. It was still dark out and he looked at his clock with a curse.
Bucky smiled lightly at Peter and said, “Yes, and I think she likes me but she’s also angry at me.”
Steve wanted to do so much but pushed back all that he desired. That desire dwindled and died as Steve’s mind fell back to Tony.
Steve watched him go with a pinched brow. He was fascinated by his ability to fly but was also perturbed by his interaction with him. The man had an easygoing attitude that was borderline mad with a dash of haughtiness. Steve wasn’t so sure how he felt about Howard’s son.
The time traveling loop is almost complete! Thank you for reading! :D
“No problem,” Tony said with a knowing grin.
Peter had slipped back into sleep after crying in his father’s arms. At first, he slept peacefully with his mind blissfully blank. But the memories found a way to break through the peaceful darkness and his victims screamed beneath his claws.
If all went well…24 hours from now, Steve would be back with him –
“Shit, Steve, I’m fucking shaking. Holy fuck, it’s really him.”
“WE MUST FEED!” Venom screeched.
Howard sat down heavily at the island counter and gasped, “I think?”
Natasha and Clint were the only ones in the community room with Peter. Tony had yet to come back with his promised toy. Clint leaned back on the couch with his feet up on the coffee table, the remote in one hand and a candy bar in the other. Natasha sat near him with Peter sleeping on her lap. She peered down at the exhausted toddler with a found eye.
“The detail is here,” Natasha informed them and spun around, leaving them alone. Bucky clenched his fists.
“What—?” Stark hissed.
Eddie took a long drink from his water and Peter took a quick initial sip and then ran his fingertips around the rim of the glass.
Inbred instinct screamed at him to move forward. His muscles twitched painfully, wanting to move out of his immobile position. That memory of his past torture, which he’d been able to ignore earlier, hit him ten times worse than before as the actual man commanded him not twenty feet away from him. He nearly buckled under the pressure of not moving on Schmidt’s command.
Tony sat down the workbench where he had the upgraded version of his helmet sitting, waiting for him connect it to the CPU. He put his hands on the helmet but glanced up at his husband who was standing before him, looking like he wanted to say something.
Acting like nothing had happened between him and his AI, Tony stalked to the bed with a feral grin and jumped onto Steve with a growl.
He scooted back on the cot, making room for Steve and pulled on their connected hands, commanding, “Join me.”
“You haven’t called her yet?” Steve gasped.
Steve expertly undid Tony’s belt and darkly stated, “You drank.”
“Yes, Sir,” Jarvis replied. “Master Parker is very healthy and has never been hospitalized.”
Steve lifted his head and met Tony’s eyes. Tony held his gaze as he lowered his head and lightly sucked at the head of hic cock. Steve bit down on his fist to muffle his groan but he kept his eyes connected with Tony. With his mouth still on Steve’s prick, Tony smirked and, without any warning, swallowed Steve whole. Steve shuddered and he moaned loudly, unable to muffle it this time. He almost threw his head back again from the sensation and bucked his hips but Tony placed his hand on Steve abdomen to control his movements. Steve kept his eyes latched onto Tony’s dark gaze and felt trapped in its wicked attention.
“H-hourly reminder…” Tony whispered, his voice barely discernible. He turned his head into Steve’s touch and quietly said, “Love...you.”
ever stop looking for me!”
I tracked him down,” Tony continued, looking down at him with a smirk. He probably saw the eye roll.
“Shall we celebrate?” Tony icily replied, “I can crack open another bottle of champagne again, you can try to kiss me again, you can pretend it meant nothing again, and then…you can push me away again. And you can pretend it never happened
“Pepper?” He asked, groggily lifting his head and opening his eyes. He was in a dark room and several feet to his right Pepper was strapped in a gurney wearing only a sports bra and yoga pants. Her skin was glowing slightly.
Steve flinched when he called him "Capsicle." Tony only called him that when he was annoyed with him. Steve dropped his head again and asked in a broken whisper, “D-Does that mean y-you want to break up?”
Steve had tried calling him after he and Wade slipped away from the Tower but Peter didn’t pick up any of his phone calls, not wanting to deal with his parents for the rest of the night.
“Natasha,” Steve replied with a level voice, trying to project as much strength as she did.
“Alright,” Peter replied. “Aunt May’s making breakfast right now, do you want some?”
“Captain Rogers, this is Co –,” someone began.
Tony was the only other man he was attracted to.
Bucky especially flourished with Steve there and was soon laughing loudly and frequently.
“Are you alright with the idea of ‘dating’ me?” Tony asked self-consciously. “We don’t have to…I mean, you can date Sharon if you want and it will probably work out just as fine. You know what, forget I said anything. This insane idea never happened, it’s co—.”
They both jumped as Natasha opened fire.
He slumped in Cable’s hold and the larger man slowly let go of Steve. When Steve made no move to go running after Tony, Cable grumbled, “Grab some food. We’re getting the hell back to the apartment pronto.”
SHIELD made him look weak and no one makes Norman Osborn look weak.
Tony shakily got to his feet, rubbing furiously at his face, and then sprinted to Steve. He ran into him at full force and buried his face into Steve’s stomach. Steve wrapped his arms around the little boy and finally let his eyes glisten.
“How’s Peter?”
A few more chapters to go until the conclusion to My Son!
The monster cocked his head to the side as he stared at them and murmured, “What is this?”
“So you're keeping an eye on him at work?” Steve stated. “You know Peter probably won't like that.”
He unfortunately didn’t have time to wonder about what had happened between the time Obadiah stole his reactor and he got his original reactor back. Because
Tony had given him the code to his workshop once he and Peter started to spend time with him in there, long before they stared dating. Steve imputed the numbers, half afraid Tony may have changed the code, but it went through and the door slid open.
He inhaled sharply and then gasped to catch his breath, clutching his chest tightly as it burned from the exertion.
“Ready to comply.”
His target sat up sharply, gasping for air.
On the opposite side of the counter were some barstools. As soon as Wade put down his platter, Peter grabbed his hand again and dragged him over to them. Wade sat down stiffly and watched somewhat incredulously as Cap started to put food on the grill.
With Peggy and Gabe’s help, Iron Man gently maneuvered Tony back into its body.
Now back to the story....only a few more chapters to go!
“Can I have more than one?” Wade retorted without pause.
“Keep guessing,” Peter purred, laying back on the bed so Wade could crawl over him.
Steve’s throat felt tight and he wanted to scream at Tony, to shake him until reasons that made sense became more apparent. Because a future where Bucky
She turned back to Schmidt, still shaking.
,” Natasha stated, her hold on his hand became crushing. “The Academy would hunt us down to the ends of the Earth.”
what made it all the better was that Steve felt the same! He didn’t think it was possible but his smile grew larger.
Steve watched him until he ran out and then turned back to Bucky. His eyes were open by tiny little slits and Steve winced. He asked, “How much did you hear?”
A pulse of jealousy ran through Peter. Steve was getting more of Tony than Peter would ever have and he was slightly jealous by the fact that they would finally be able to be themselves out in the public…but that feeling came and then left.
“Yes, Sir,” Jarvis replied. On Tony’s screen a phone symbol appeared and a light ringing sounded over the speakers.
In the span of that second’s pause, Steve felt a multitude of regret and sorrow and the foremost was not seeing Tony one last time before Steve went to Venom.
“I know,” Steve whispered.
Tony pulled up the specs in holograms around him and said, “The official report was that the shield was lost with Captain America in the arctic! So how the hell did a homeless guy in New York get his hands on it?!”
MJ, meanwhile, punched him on the arm again.
Steve felt his throat swell with emotion. He remembered the instance Bucky referred to. Steve woke from that fever the next morning. Bucky was on his knees next to Steve’s bed. His eyes were red rimmed and his body wearied. When he saw Steve was awake, Bucky’s face split into the most relieved and joyous smile he had ever seen. He laughed and kissed Steve’s forehead. He called him a lug head of a jerk but Steve had not heard the insult. His mind was spinning from the knowledge that Bucky had kissed him.
Like it had never been there…like he’d never had the chance to build it because…
Coulson’s gift was a vintage, first edition Captain America comic sealed in a frame.
“Norman has
sometimes, especially when I get anxious. And I am anxious as hell over this entire situation…so…
“I call dibs on making the uniform!” Tony exclaimed, fist pumping the air.
Steve did not remember falling unconscious but the next thing he knew he was waking up in SHIELD Medical. He was hooked up to half a dozen monitors all which were humming lightly with the exception of his heart monitor that beat instinct with his pulse. He had crisp white bandages on his face, neck, hands, and legs. Out of his left eye everything he saw was through a red lens which was somewhat disorienting so he closed it. He took it was a vast improvement over being blind.
“Then I’ve forgotten about Jimmy Hoover already.”
Fury nodded one more time and then motioned for the SHIELD agents to move out.
The tile was cold beneath his feet. His muscles were stiff so he hobbled as he walked. Every step he took was met with a jab of pain from every one of his bullet wounds. If he were a regular man, he would still be bedridden. Thanks to the serum, he would probably be completely healed within a few days.
“No problem, Petey,” Steve murmured warmly upon his son's request and knelt down next to the foliage. The leaves were green and lush. It was a nice, warm, summer day and Steve thought it was the perfect day to introduce his son to the outside world.
Tony waited for them to disappear into the building then he allowed himself to look back to Steve. The Super Soldier did not notice the others absence. His eyes were closed and he looked so relaxed he might have been sleeping.
They were both fooling themselves.
Tony was smothering laughter as Steve glared at Bucky's teasing smile.
Steve flushed and Pepper muttered under her breath, “Thank God, they’re finally acting like a couple.”
It was better than nothing...no matter how much it hurt.
Fury nodded and threatened, “Be careful, Stark, I’ve got my eye on you…”
He called Fury and yelled, “What is this about a tranquilizer?? He’s not a fugitive! Just use me! He knows me! He trusts me! I’m your best bet!!”
“We’ll go to Wade’s, the same address we went to last time!” Peter said to Happy and pressed the button to put up the personal screen between them.
,” she reiterated.
“Stupid indeed…” Steve agreed and watched as Tony’s face finally relaxed as he gave into his exhaustions.
Wanda was slow moving and Steve was able to catch up to her in the hall. Vision hovered behind her worriedly with Wade slumped in his arms and Steve saw the young woman was sweating heavily. How much longer would she be able to keep Peter and Venom frozen like this?
He snuggled up closer to Tony and closed his eyes. With his head resting on Tony’s chest, even with his eyes closed he see the muted, blue glow.
Peter led Wade into the main hall. To the general public, all that was known was that Tony was making an announcement. To the people Tony personally invited, like Peter, they knew what the event was going to be.
“S-Steve,” Tony gasped, his voice barely discernible.
It was Steve’s turn to do
…Tony felt blown away.
Tony lightly rested his forehead against Steve’s and murmured, “I love you too. Please be alright, Steve. Don't close your eyes, baby. Stay with me. Don't go now. I can hear sirens? Can you hear the sirens? Open your eyes, please, Steve.”
Tony chuckled, “That is Cap Bear and -OH MY GOD. STEVE!” Further down by the more popular toys was an Iron Man bear, dressed in the same old-fashioned way as the other two bears to replicate the old-fashioned toys. Tony pulled his fiancé over to it and gasped, “We have to get all three!”
James did not want to stop touching his soulmate but he was so tempted to slip out of the bed and turn on the lights to look upon her body. Instead, he used another of his senses, touch. He ran the tips of his fingers over the dips and curves of her body, picturing her in his mind’s eye. He came across the crater on her hip and remembered shooting her. He paused in touching her and traced the scar tissue with his thumb.
The guy covered him with a smelly blanket and then he let him be. Antonio was relieved, and kind of thankful, but shouldn’t he move? Shouldn’t he be looking for Steve, or at least call for help for fuck’s sake! But every time he tried to lift himself from the mattress the pain pushed him back until he was too tired even to weep. He felt like a butterfly, pinned to the collector’s box. That had been hours ago, maybe a few days, because he hadn’t still died of dehydration, but he was already starting to shake. He wasn’t stupid enough to ask the friendly guy to call the police or the ambulance, but calling Fury…
Somehow he was able to do it. There was a faint puff when the mechanically controlled system of miniature hydro capsules worked out like dominoes and pushed armor’s joints apart, making the legs and arms come away from the torso.
“I will not. There is nothing I can do about it, anyway. Ma’am.”
Gail reached out until she could sideswipe him with the kitchen towel she had grabbed out of habit. “I don’t want to make you feel bad. If it is something that makes you embarrassed, love.”
“Excuse me”, he croaked through his gritted teeth. “I think I… bathroom.”
No worry about that. Then those damn shakes started again and maybe he could have seen how worry oozed out of Steve, if he had been able to keep his eyes open.
“We have to find him,” Steve gasped. “You found me in Brooklyn without a phone or a tracer. We can easily find him in whatever city the call originated from in Tennessee!”
“Maybe we slipped on the ice? Did we hit anyone?” Tony gasped, scrabbling up to look out Happy’s window.
“Then we will face whatever challenge this intruder presents us and defeat him just as we did Loki,” Steve stated confidently. He grasped Tony’s shoulder and stated, “We’ll catch him. For now, let’s just be grateful he did not hurt Peter or Bruce and Jarvis escaped undamaged.”
“You barely know him and you trust him enough to fuck him?!”
It was weird at first for Tony. He had grown used to eating whenever he felt the urge but now he had a structured schedule. It was weird…but it was a good weird.
Peter elbowed him and hissed, “Shut up, Wade!”
“Yah!” Peter exclaimed. Steve went to step away but Tony’s hand stayed on his arm and he tightened his hold on him when he went to pull away. Steve looked to Tony uncertainly.
!” She hissed and Steve moved without another word.
He lightly nudged Peter’s head with the side of his face, causing Peter to stir. Peter whined lightly and squeezed his eyes closed tighter.
He paused to look his hands next, smirking at the impatient huff Tony made as Steve took his time. His hands looked a million times better than when he last saw inspected. All his skin had grown back but they were still bright red and slightly swollen as if boiled. He flexed his hands experimentally. His skin was taunt and cramped when he closed his fist.
Finally, Steve reached the Schmidt’s boots. Humiliation hit him as he stared at the man’s extended foot. He was so angry that he felt weak. His eyes heated and his muscles trembled from the emotion. With his nose crinkled and his lips tightly shut, Steve lowered himself and pressed his mouth to the Red Skull’s boot.
It was his tongue that drove him over the edge.
When it was cleared for entry, Coulson called up his team and they stepped inside.
“J-Just need some fresh air, Jarvis,” Peter replied, walking toward the balcony edge.
. This alone is suspicious but it also showed traces of DNA of the known criminal: the Chameleon. That person is not Master Parker’s mother and is currently in the same building as him.”
“Are…Are you two with Agent Coulson?” She cautiously asked.
“No, sir,” Jarvis replied. “There are several ‘Steven Edwards’ on file but none of them match up with the ‘Enigma’ that you have been interacting with.”
“Steve?!” Tony gasped, jumping out of the car.
2003. You’ve been asleep for a few decades.”
“Look, he likes blondes too,” Tony said, pointing to the picture of Peter and a blonde girl proudly holding up their diplomas with their arms around each other. She was beautiful and, by the way Peter held her, Tony could tell she was special to him.
AND it's finally done! Thank you all for reading! I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did writing it! :)
“Alright,” Tony mumbled miserably. Peter squeezed him in a quick embrace and then slipped away, snagging an apple out of the fruit basket on the kitchen counter on the way out.
Hope constricted his heart in a tight vice, but it was now laced with acidic fear.
“Yellow,” he said in way of greeting.
“First, everyone needs to calm down,” Steve placated, lightly rubbing his shoulder. “Only once we have all gathered our wits can we face what is going on here…Would you be alright for a couple of minutes if I stepped out to speak with Wade and Tony?”
Curiosity got the better of him, however, and he looked to his left at Tony.
“Soon, Petey,” Steve promised, hoping it were true.
Feeling bold and carefree, probably because of the alcohol, Peter leaned in and kissed Wade’s cheek.
As Tony began to regularly sleep with them he discovered that Tony had nightmares worse than his or Peter’s. Steve had flashbacks from World War II or his fall into the ice and the worse that usually happened was he got night sweats or woke from the sudden impact in the ice. Peter whined in his sleep sometimes and kicked at unseen Hydra agents. From what he could get out of Peter, his nightmares were about being taken from Steve. His nightmares had lessened considerably since he grown used to being safe in the Tower.
Pepper would have been the first person he’d gush to about all of this. She was his unofficial gusher and, as the day progressed, he really missed her. She’d listen to his inanity and, sure, she may berate him for the jeopardy and risk to the future…but, once she had vented all the obvious wrongs, he could see her admitting to being happy for him…She knew firsthand how lonely Tony was…
Tony did not exactly say the speech Pepper gave him precisely but he was straight to the point. He stated all the damning facts about Tyler and then followed it up with all the truthful facts about Steve. He finished it stating, “I hope everyone will see this trial for what it truly is and stand by us in our hardest hour. Thank you for listening, now I am going to get some fondue time with Steve.”
“Hey, kid!” Clint called, “There are pool tables in the lounge on the second floor. You and me. Mano y mano after the big event. Winner will be King of the Tower.”
Bucky shook his head and looked like he was going to object but Steve beat him to it and hissed, "
“Hey, I only called her a gremlin when she sneered at me,” Tony retorted back.
Tony started to follow the two in a sort of a daze, but Bucky turned around and stopped him with a hand to his shoulder. He walked him backward a few steps, making Tony stumble a little over his feet.
Bucky jumped to his feet and excitedly stated, “You’re on.”
They’d always end up snuggled together at the end of the night and Steve would fall asleep first and then would wait for his soulmate appear in their dreams.
“Steve, please they’re coming back! Wake up! You got to get us out of here!”
It was something so little and so silly. He never told Tony before because it was not very romantic.
Tony closed his eyes as Steve began to run the blade across his neck. It was relaxing and reminded him of he few times he had a professional barber work on him. Steve's hands were always on him either tilting his chin or resting on Tony's shoulder. Steve commented, “You look nothing like your father.”
He had no chance to voice his concerns as the symbiote dug its claws into the pavement and began to drag them away again. Peter hissed as his back scrapped against the ground bearing both his and Wade’s weight. He let go of Wade and dug his fingers into the black mass, wrapped around his chest, growling, “
Tony’s face broke into a smile and he took Steve’s bandaged hand in his, interlacing their fingers. Steve’s breath caught in his throat.
He lifted both his hands and pointed it at the thrashing symbiote. His repulsors gave off a high pitched whine as they charged to full blast.
Steve nodded, not trusting himself to open his mouth.
? Why are you ordering out instead!?” Steve demanded unjustly.
Laying his arms on Tony’s shoulders in a relaxed fashion and locking his hands behind his head, Steve replied, “Yes, it is, unless the clichés continue and one of us is kidnapped or loses his memory.”
,” Steve threw back his head, bunched his eyes closed, and groaned heatedly as Tony’s mouth wrapped around his cock. He bucked his hips deeper into Tony’s mouth and Tony moaned, the sound vibrating in his mouth and along his cock.
"Sorry for telling you, you are my son?" In Peter's eyes, he'd see Tony as being sorry for telling and that he regretted it now...and thereby pushing Peter away further.
“I am not the more amazing thing, surprisingly,” the robot stated, making Steve jump. Its glowing eyes hadn’t left Steve since it entered the room and it stepped closer to Steve and held out its hand. “It’s an honor to meet you, Captain.”
“Remember to not eat them off the blanket,” Steve murmured as he handed over the circus-themed box. Peter gave up on the toy and eagerly grasped the box and easily tore it open. Steve reached over and picked up the Iron Man figure and folded his legs and sat him next to Peter.
At first, he thought the laughter that echoed down the hall was the same that echoed in his memories.
Steve placed Peter down on the ground, expecting him to play with his new toys. He kissed the side of his cheek and murmured, “I love you.”
Norman had a hand in splicing all the fetuses’ DNA with gamma-radiated DNA. This, coupled with finding the women to carry the Super Soldier’s offspring, led to him heading the project.
“Not if I’m holding Peter,” Steve stated and Bucky’s hold on his scalp relaxed a fraction.
He silently sent out his love to Peter and his infuriating boyfriend and wished them both safe.
The Soldier was tempted to destroy the implant. If it was gone then the problem would go with it. He wouldn’t have a soulmate, a possession which his master did not gift him, and…and he wouldn’t be feeing these things…
Peter’s fingers stopped circling his cup and he looked at Eddie warily. He whispered, “Did something happen while you were wearing it?”
Coulson stopped in front of Tony and stated to his nurses, “May we speak in private? This is sensitive information.”
“Neither of them were ready! I shouldn’t have pushed for this! I should have waited until Dad was used to the idea and I’d been able to tell Wade more of our history!” Peter fell on to the closest couch and gasped, “I messed up!”
He strolled onto the beach, his eyes riveted on the faraway mansion, as he finished the last of his drink. Behind him, the bomb went off and a burst of heat hit him as the café was destroyed in an inferno of flames. People on the beach screamed and leapt away. Their eyes were all drawn to the explosion, but Norman didn’t turn around to see the destruction. He dropped the mug into the sand and started his walk toward the mansion.
“Mine too,” she whispered, scooting closer to him. Their noses brushed and their breath intermingled as they stared intently into each other’s eyes.
“The statement I put out last night about Peter being your son went through better than expected. Since he has been in your life, people don't see you as abandoning him. It helped that you admitted to being his father and keeping silent about it more for Peter than for yourself. There's a lot of curiosity about who Peter is because he's lived such a quiet life though. So we've had a lot of people trying to dig something up and some of Peter’s ‘friends’ have shared personal content from his private social media accounts. So, not only do they know about his love of Star Trek, but they also know about Gwen’s death. They’ve been focusing on that and the Parkers’ deaths. They're making him out to be the sad orphan and are mostly pitying him right now in the news segments…But they went as far as to camp out in front of the Stacey's so I put them up at a hotel with security.”
Steve felt his churning stomach plummet and he gasped, “What?”
There was a brief silence and Tony imagined both drinking from water bottles. Tony left the dresser and raised his hand to open the door and announce himself.
“Ah, the terrible Dr. Teddy T. Bear of Trouble Town. He is a terrifying foe…” Tony said gravely.
“He can’t!” Clint retorted, “They’re both super soldiers! Their streng-!”
Peter's arms stayed wrapped around him, in fact, they tightened and Wade looked at Peter in surprise. Peter stated, "That was probably one of the worst confessions I have ever heard..." Wade's stomach dropped. Yup, he fucked this up. He knew he was going to fuck this up. "But..." Wade's eyes snapped over to Peter's as he continued, "Only the first half...the rest was perfect."
“Calm down,” Bruce soothed. “You are a smart, bright young man. Only the best can get into one of the Tower’s internships. You can do this. I need you to only do what you do best: think. How can we help Peter?”
“S-Steve?”
In reality he was thinking about Paul. Paul who drew and painted like a real artist. Who Steve had been too much a coward to defend when his friends had mashed up Paul’s colors and papers. Too scared of those words his friends had shouted at Paul while leaving him lying on the ground, his usually soft eyes bleeding tears of anger and betrayal when he looked at his direction.
It didn’t take but some ten minutes when he saw how a very familiar red and white and blue shield shot through the air and straight to the birdman’s head.
She couldn’t, of course. Before the little swan even noticed, her wings were clipped to stubble, making sure she never tried to reach the sky again. Never tried to escape her jailers.
The comment was rewarded with a laugh which sounded like an asthmatic donkey. “Your daddy let you play with his toys, bum boy?” Not-Jake continued. “Well, you screwed something up really bad. No joyride for you, fella.”
Whatever that would mean. Better to chance the subject.
Steve sighed. “Yeah, maybe. It was easier...”
There was once a girl with red hair. A girl who danced fiercely like a flame and gracefully like a swan. Like any other girl, she thought the sky wasn’t her limit, it was her stepping stone and she could be anything in this big wide world.
There it was again. The patient smile a parent will give to a child talking silly.
Lift me, he wanted to say. Lift me like I would be your little princess, I don’t care, I am beyond any dignity, my chest hurts, my stomach, my head, everything, lift me, carry me away from here, carry my away from this agony.
Sam thanked him and then he and Jake started stripping him out of the armor. Tony tried not to utter a sound, but when they yanked the biggest part over his head and pulled his arms up and moved his body… No way he could keep it silent, and he knew he had earned the sarcastic tone in Sam’s acknowledgment.
“Alright.”
Tony didn’t throw anything, but took several gulps from his mug. The coffee calmed him down. Or at least he fell silent. Somehow, it wasn’t much better.
Straight to the point. That was good. At least that Steve was not an idiot. Maybe he and Antonio had some hope left.
That should have made alarm bells ring loud and clear in Tony’s head. And it did. With a little delay after he had enjoyed some hand-picked images first. “And why is that, darling? Why you but not me then?”
“Jealousy. The younger brother had their father’s favor.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah. Move on with it”, he mumbled, making circling movement with his left hand in a feeble effort to conceal the tremors. Last night there had been more coke and booze than was usual, and even if he was still pretty, rich, and genius, he wasn’t twenty years old anymore.
Incredible was one way to describe it. For those other ways Fury had his gun in his hand. It would took only a fraction of second to shoot at that thing through his grubs. Captain didn’t move from the table, but sat his head hanging, only occasional coughing fits making his body stutter. That would give Fury some time to evacuate the room.
Tony seemed to halt in the middle of his sentence, then he shook his head a little and continued talking, but halted again when he saw Steve was coming towards him.
That didn’t do much to them either, but he had liked the taste and the feeling of something in his lungs. The SHIELD doctors had explained how dangerous those innocent looking little nails actually were to your health, but he was a supersoldier whose body could fend off most illnesses. An occasional fag wouldn’t do them any harm.
“You understand me wrong, Steve. I wasn’t judging you. I just thought after all this time you deserve something good for once, big guy.”
“So you think he is really like us”, Nat summed it up. “He is Steve, but from different Avengers? From different Earth?”
Miracles indeed happen. Stark was silent the whole next hour when Rogers gave a detailed report of their doings during the last eighteen months. Fury listened, but he had also time to observe the two men sitting in front of him. Rogers was his usual hunky self, and after they had shaved his beard and hair he had also started to look that way. What was changed most was Stark. The arms below the shirt leaves had more muscle Fury had ever seen him sporting and his skin looked eerily healthy; no dark circles around his eyes from chemo or red blotches over his cheeks from binge drinking.
Tony grumbled, but finally he went to his nightstand and took some pills. He swallowed them dry and scrambled to the bed.
“What?” Clint whispered, his voice full of disbelieve. “You are joking, Cap? Alright, I get it, this is payback, isn’t it?”
“If you are who you claim to be, you know what will happen next.”
“Yes, and a year before that. I had to see
“No whining on the comm”, came Nat’s curt reply. One could guess she was still mad at her friend.
The piglet turned in her lap. She stroked its stomach and it let out a satisfied whine.
“I know.”
They made her a spy and an assassin, and then they sent her far from her home. Over the sea, all the way to the hostile shores. To the land of lies.
“And now he thinks we are brainwashed by the other dimension aliens. Who would have guessed.”
Tony started to pull off his shirt. His hands shook badly, maybe it was tumult of his mind or pure tiredness of his body, but Steve decided the situation had been going on long enough.
Steve hadn’t looked at his new phone. Now he checked the time. Was it really fourteen hours ago when he had bullied Tony to leave his workshop?
“SteveToo? Tony?”
In that same party… it had been some ten minutes before the incident, Steve had already admonished Tony not to use his hands so much while speaking. Not to call everybody, men and women, darlings. Hadn’t Tony thought that people would start thinking he was a poof, as Steve eloquently had put it.
“Tony, shut up! Listen, Steve is having some kind of melt-down. He attacked me in the middle of the street...”
There was something in the man which screamed danger, loud and clear. Not the danger Thor and his brawl had represented, but more subtle, more sophisticated calamity was ahead of him. Steve was well tuned to the precarious of his situation, and it made him prickly. “You all know my senses are enhanced. No need to be surprised by it. What is it you wanted to talk about?”
“Just giving a tour for a new guy”, Natalia was saying. “You can continue from this. He learned to use his tablet and his phone quickly. I gave him basics, you have maybe something to add to that too.”
“Yes, guess what, he is our landlord”, Barton piped up. “And the maker of our awesome weapons. That is why we badmouth him only behind his back.”
Tony nodded. That was all true, even if it wasn’t the whole truth. “I would have wanted to finish that project I started with Anthony.”
like the one the Nazis had dreamed of and the USA had used in two cities in Japan. Thousands and thousands of bombs had been made after the first ones, and those men in high places, perhaps they were only biting their time when they planned to break the world.
“Then… I would appreciate if you can give me something your father didn’t want to give.”
“That sounds unusual, but maybe there is something which helps us to calculate his new location. Something must have messed up your transfer. I suspect that green substance all over your clothes has something to do with it. The sensors of my armor indicated it includes some kind of nanotech. I have to consult Doctor Richards about this. Do you know anything about where the substance could have come from? Was it that Mechanoids you mentioned?”
“I was wondering…” the other Steve mused. “There is this clear difference between us. Doctor Freud in his books is always so adamant it has to be about the family, but couldn’t it be just circumstances.”
His confession didn’t make the man angry. Exact opposite, actually. “Yes, I know you screwed my dad over”, he grinned. “I can’t blame you for that. But our science is more advanced now. Those samples Bruce got from your corpse, so to speak. I would like to have a dash of fresh ones and after that… If science can’t solve the riddle, it has to be magic. And if it is magic, it can do anything.”
Like what?
The nurse Charlie had took a drip away this morning. He imagined what it could have been alike, if Steve had… oh god, those hands, touching him like he had fantasized so many times. Steve’s moist breath on his skin, a hand sliding his foreskin away to get to play with the knob. That calloused thump sliding lowly over his open slid...
Stark was standing there his phone in his hand, taking time. Fury was still shaking in his boots. He didn’t appreciate the gleeful tone in Stark’s voice. “Team, wait my signal. Our guest has to be moved to our Hulk safe luxury suite before he wakes up.”
That was the last question Steve had expected to hear.
“He is not Captain America! He is fucking Punisher!”
Fury didn’t need that much time to recover and Antonio Stark was always begging for it.
“Natalia Alianovna Romanova.”
The man looked smug now. Pretending he didn’t know what she was talking about.
Yes, that. Not his proudest moment. But Howard wouldn’t have given him that magnificent shield otherwise, and there had been a battle coming. Their superiors had been hushed about future plans, but they all knew their next fight would be a big and bad one. And it was, the one they called Omaha beach now. So Steve had lied. Or not exactly lied, but went on with Howard’s silliness. And Howard. With him it was always good food, tasty drinks, and he looking at Steve like he wanted to eat him alive. He liked that. It was nice to be admired and wanted and not in pain and scared all the time. To feel like a male Cinderella. Even if it was all just hoax, for a little while he could pretend it wasn’t. That Howard really wanted him, and not only things he thought Steve could do to him.
“Yes, I told you. That was stupid of me, and this is not because of you. Never because of you, it is because of them. Those Avengers. This shithole universe.” His tone had gotten so much venom he was suffocating from it. “Tony, I thought we got more time, to plan something out, but things got really bad, really quickly. I saw no other choice, but… I am sorry, Tony. You are so fine. I am sorry I wasn’t smarter and stronger and couldn’t get us out of this mess.”
The buzzing in the device increased when his friends admonished the dim-witted giant. Or maybe it was only an act again, to make his visitor look harmless and put Steve at ease.
Steve didn’t understand. It was mostly a sleepless night, and when he finally fell asleep he dreamed about drowning. He was sinking inside the airplane to the bottom of the Arctic Sea, with a bomb load which was meant to the east coast of the USA, a useless sacrifice in a chain of his other useless deeds. It would all disappear in a vast blast of light and mushroom clouds.
That was actually a smart suggestion. It would be a relief for her too. Natasha had a thick hide, but standing there, being called names by one of her closest friends, was hard to hear. Was she really that vile a person that when Steve went delusional, he would fantasize all those horrible things about her? She had though she had changed a lot from those times she had been a Russian spy. But at the end of day, maybe she had to face the fact that nobody liked people like her. Steve was a Catholic and a keen reader, he would probably say the devil reserved for the traitors the best (the worst) room inside his house.
Tony hesitated. Steve observed how feelings changed behind his restless eyes. Lust and hope, fear and thirst to drink, to made himself fall back into a soft world of liquid oblivion.
Fury tapped his comm and ordered more gas into the lab. When Banner woke up the second time, he should have a helluva headache, but he would be a human again.
“Are we somehow talking about sex”, he tried carefully. “Because if we are…”
This less than patriotic side of his recruitment legend made him smirk at his own folly. “Actually, I wanted to be more manly”, he confessed, “and here were are. Now I am drawing pictures like a… I don’t know. Like that other Steve, I suppose.”
“Yes”, Steve said suddenly. “Yes, I did that. Tony… Tony, on your back now… I will...”
The film ended. Steve felt he should explain himself.
Gail’s back straightened and she gave Steve a look full of worry. They were used to the weakness of their aging bodies, but the frailty of one’s mind would be another and harder battle.
Then there was a workshop Steve gave more consideration. Some tools were still in place, like waiting for Stark to come and start tinkering with his toys. Why did he know it was this other Tony’s place? Well, there was a vintage pinup calendar on the wall, which presented Captain America in twelve different battle scenes. It looked like that kind of inside joke the group could appreciate, it was no way the other Steve would display things like that in his own place. He tried to imagine his Antonio grease smudges all over his hands and face, but that was s silly idea. Antonio was so clean and shiny. Not like that other Tony, who seemed not to be afraid to get his hands dirty.
Then there was Steve who could say things like: I-would-have-killed-my-best-friend-and-then-butchered-all-the-evil-men.
Steve tried to digest that. He and Bucky… no, not even when they were young. It was almost impossible to imagine his little pal as a sexual partner. But maybe Tony was right. He was a big fluffy romantic inside, because the other Steve finding his Bucky didn’t feel bad at all. This James… he had to be as old as his Bucky and Gail were now. No wonder the other Steve was pissed off that his counterpart had run away after sex, he probably didn’t have any if he wanted to be faithful to his sweetheart. And he was, Steve guessed. They wouldn’t be that different. James was the one, and there was nobody else. He had thought Gail that way, even if he was seeing now he had been only going through the motions. Find a girl, have a family. As was expected. No fucking across Europe for him. Maybe he should have. Maybe if he had been more skillful Antonio would have given him some lack.
It looked like it had once been a small cottage but only a single room remained being held up by a once sturdy fireplace that was tilting dangerously toward the wrecked yard. Light leaked in from the roof and walls but it was private. Tony did a full circle around the room and then began to unbutton his shirt as he said, “Alright, J, this spot looks as good as any. Exit stealth mode.”
Venom lost its humanoid form and became a churning mass. He saw hints of Peter skin and then a hand shot up out of the dark deeps, clawing for freedom. Wade took a single hand off the prod and reach for Peter's hand and grasped it.
“Oh God, I can’t imagine eating anything right now,” Steve replied. He was too engorged in watching Ben enter Oscorp Tower to look in Tony’s direction.
“Good,” Wade murmured and ran his fingers through Peter's hair.
He could have gone with Tony. It would have been easy and none of his friends would have stopped him if he was adamant enough.
It became a routine and calmed him.
. Being in that secluded room with no view of the outside baffled the notion more.
Tony looked down at Peter, looking for a reaction to the plan. Peter’s expression was mostly blank and, for what seemed like a long hiatus, he did not reply, verbally or physically. But Peter finally nodded with care, as if moving his neck was difficult.
It made Peter enormously happy.
He locked his phone, got up from the bench, and walked over to the train.
The judge was noticeably paler and hoarsely stated, “You may proceed.”
Steve immediately ran toward the noise and he was soon followed by the rest of the Avengers, including Bruce who was growing larger by the second.
“You’re on.”
“Master Parker, you are breaking dozens of protocols set up by Sir and Master Rogers. I cannot delay in telling them as it goes against my programming,” Jarvis stated from his pocket.
“So why so interested in the bio-shield?” Tony asked, escaping
“Nightmare,” Tony whispered under his breath before Bruce could ask. Bruce’s eyes widened as he noticed the cracks on the wall behind Tony.
They were both eating breakfast at the kitchen counter with a hologram of
Nodding to where Bucky lay, Schmidt murmured, “You destroyed the more humane option I had for moving you.” The Red Skull removed a pistol from the holster on his hip and stated, “You only have yourself to blame for the pain.”
Steve rubbed the back if his neck then smirked ironically at Natasha. He stated, “So in other words stop with the self-pity?”
Steve pulled away from Tony shooting his boyfriend an annoyed glare then descended on his son with smile. Behind him, Bruce and his sandwich slinked out of the kitchen and took refuge next to Natasha at the counter.
Which was why he had perfectly remembered what Tony had said to them before Steve and Bucky left.
Within seconds, she drew her fist back as far as she could and punched him across the jaw. Bucky was thrown back and made no move to catch himself. He stumbled back and landed painfully on his tailbone but showed no outward signs of pain.
“Don’t you dare say ‘I’m sorry’ again, I have heard it enough to last a lifetime…and I…right now I just want to hold you, Steve…”
“Tony –,” Steve gasped, sounding nothing like the man Tony knew. He sounded small and scared.
Which was very,
“What up, Friday?” Tony asked. Had the invasion already advanced more than they had noticed?
Steve woke with a
Steve shook his head with a chuckle and popped open the bag. He cautiously took a small bite and froze when the flavor exploded in his mouth. He’d eaten chips with Solo but they’d all been the ones donated to the church and they were all plain. He gave Tony a surprised look and Tony’s grin widened. Tony said, “I know, right?”
“Same,” Tony agreed, his heart feeling light with joy.
Steve pulled his hand out of Tony’s before he got any more bad ideas. Tony’s hand twitched like he wanted to grasp his again and he looked hurt by the sudden break. Steve practically ran away before he would have to explain his actions.
He’d be gone an hour at the most and Jarvis would continue their search for Cap’s shield and the elusive “Chewie.”
Tony made a scoffing noise and snuggled deeper into his husband’s side to show him how smothering he could be.
“NO!”
“It’ll back up the stable relationship,” Steve stated with a nod.
One of the first promises Steve had made to him was to keep his secret. Tony trusted him more than he trusted anyone else in his life so he
Tony crossed his arms over his chest and grumbled, “He’s your boyfriend.”
Peter laughed and paused in his stretching to reply, “Do those even exist?”
Steve.
photo.
“Peter, no!” Steve gasped, grabbing his son the best he could through the mass around them. Peter closed his eyes and leaned back into the writhing black mass. Steve tore at Venom and screamed, the sound tearing his throat, “
“He did not remember me,” Natasha countered without turning around. She stated, “He remembered you. His subconscious clearly is telling us his true feelings on the matter. Let me go.”
Steve was ushered to the defense’s table and Tony quickly took the seat Natasha had saved for him directly behind Steve. He reached forward and grasped Steve shoulder reassuringly and Steve placed his hand over Tony’s and smiled gratefully at him.
Tony needed surgery to remove the two bullets in his torso. The one that hit his thigh was a through and through and, thankfully, did not create much damage and needed to only be patched. But he had to be anesthetized for his other injuries and the doctors promised he’d be out for only a couple of hours.
“Oh do not start that father-dearest bullcrap again,” Tony groaned.
His frown didn’t go away as he signed off on the last of the paperwork. Pepper wordlessly took it from him and, after a slight hesitation, squeezed his arm. She whispered, “In a few years, we can let the truth slip but, right now, we need to do this for the company, the Avengers, and, most importantly, for you, Tony, and Steve. You don’t need any more
Steve had noticed it years prior but never said anything. He stated, “The dead have no need to age, I suppose…”
“Not 100%, however, there were not many who were involved and the majority who were are dead now, Howard…”  Peggy stated.
Yeah, right.
“He is,” Steve stated. “He saved my life many times.”
“I don’t understand how you can listen to my son’s adorable laughter and not be effected,” Steve retorted and Bucky threw back his head and laughed.
When she came back inside, she spotted him and went straight to Steve. Once she was close enough she announced, “That went well, not great, but well enough.”
He was the first to get out, quickly followed by Tony. His boyfriend was at his side immediately and grasped his hand tightly.
“…Nat?”
His eyes flickered to Steve’s waist and saw the telltale bulge was still there. Tony was tempted to adjust the same bulge in his jeans but he did not want to draw attention to it.
And with him, Peter as well.
“I admit I am trying to get him into a more intimate relationship with the V.A.” Sam joked, shooting a knowing smile Steve’s way. The jealous blob in Tony’s stomach bubbled with molten lava and threatened to spew. Why was he smiling at Steve that way? And why did even his smile have to be big and perfect?!
“When there’s more than one Avenger, yes, but I think this is more for you,” Tony whispered with a large smile. Steve had not given a single comment or interview since the media learned of Peter but, even before that, he rarely did interviews. He'd
“So why do you have this embedded in your chest cavity?” Howard inquired.
“You got it,” Rhodes replied, he clipped Steve’s shield off the back of the suit, and jumped into the marginally cooler armor. He took off with a blast and joined the may-lay.
Eddie looked at him curiously and with open trust. He had no idea of the horrifying thoughts that just passed through Peter’s mind.
Steve shook his head. He shouldn’t think about it, it just made him sadder.
“That is
Even though Stark had fired her after finding out she worked for SHIELD, she was still assigned to his case. Fury expected her to keep Stark in line and keep him alive.
Peter thought he was dead.
“The press would have a field day and Ms. Potts will not be amused.”
Tony flew them there and when they landed Steve excitedly looked around. Tony took their bags into the living room and then went into the lab for his armor to disassemble.
“Why won’t you give up on me?” He asked in a whisper as his arm hung limply in her hold.
Steve paced the perimeter, always keeping the roof access within his sights. The Iron Man suit stood docile but Steve knew Jarvis was monitoring the area and keeping SHIELD off their trail electronically.
Wanda poked her head in a moment later and said, “You texted?”
He couldn’t hurt her. He couldn’t hurt either of them. Never again.
As soon as he saw Steve, Peter felt all of his emotions rise and tangle together in his throat all over again. Ever since he met the super soldier, he'd be the one Peter would go to when he was upset. He was there for Peter when he found out the truth about his parentage and he was still there for him now that everyone else knew. He ran to his step-father and embraced him tightly.
It was a crush and Steve never had one before and may never attain another. He was not going to throw it away, he was going to cherish this…
Steve sighed lightly. It didn’t slip by Tony.
Iron Man’s eyes lost their bright glow and the hologram flickered away.
“I should help,” Tony said and tried to sit up with a grunt.
They settled onto the couch with Tony laying on top of Steve.
! How dare you leave me?!”
, he sounded like a scrawny teen on his first date. Forget Stark removing his balls, they were shrinking out of existence as this awkward moment grew more awkward.
Peter didn't know if he should be annoyed with his dad or laughing at his audacity.
Tony grasped both of Steve’s hands, hiding the box within a cocoon of their flesh. His face was serious and silenced Steve.
. Even though we haven't even discussed adoption with him yet, he is your son too. You've been there for him longer than even I have! He loves you too! I… I…You know me…I worry.”
the love he felt toward Tony was normal.
Steve’s eyes widened a fraction and he gasped, “Wow…yes, that – that’s inappropriate.” Steve cleared his throat and clarified, “A-All of it?”
He had raised his voice a little too loud so had drawn the attention of the man behind the counter. Steve and Cable both backed off each other immediately and Cable even nodded to the man in a way to reassure him. He grabbed a basket and then grabbed Steve roughly by the arm and walked him down an aisle with chips and nuts.
“Picking off the stragglers in the south,” Clint retorted.
“Alright, no more, the Captain America comics were bad enough, I don’t want to imagine a
“CONGRATULATIONS CAPTAIN!” Thor exclaimed joyfully and picked up Steve in a constricting hug that tucked Steve’s arms into his sides, lifted his feet off the ground, and left him with no avenue of escape.
“I know,” Steve said with another sigh.
“You probably do not remember me…” A woman’s voice said on the other side of the line and Steve relaxed slightly. He was expecting threats or gunfire. He worried one of the Mandarin’s people might have had the gall to go up to Tony’s front door.
Steve.
Steve felt guilty whenever the team left for missions without him. He blamed himself for every hurt civilian, every lost life, and even all the destroyed property. He felt, if he had been there, things might have turned out differently. He might have made a difference and saved one more life. That one life could have amounted to a mother, a father, a brother, a sister, or any loved one who was unjustly taken before his or her time…
“You need to help them,” Peter whispered. Uncle Thor looked at Peter with a troubled expression. Peter turned his head to the east and said, “Take me to Oscorp. I can hang with Harry until you guys are done.”
Tony regarded his son’s slumped form worriedly. He carefully lay his hand on Peter’s back and rubbed light circles into it. He whispered, “Maybe you should just change your M-O. Don’t wear the uniform under your clothes anymore.”
He took a long shower to clean off all the excess sweat and as he stepped out of the bathroom, he noted the beauty of the golden sunrise.
“Do it,” Schmidt commanded and the machine was turned on.
SHIELD agents were trickling in and Steve motioned them over. He pointed them over to his husband and they nodded with understanding. Steve watched them until they reached Tony and turned his attention back to Hulk.
“Did I just break you?” Steve asked with a chuckle.
But who was in control?
“I’m not going to let Tony die,” Steve whispered apologetically and gently dislodged Bucky’s ironclad grip.
“Captain Rogers?”
Steve nodded and Tony reached out for his flute.
“Yeah, but I didn’t realize it would involve breaking into the government’s strongest defense organization’s database!”
Tony sat next to Steve and leaned heavily into him. He rubbed Steve’s back just as he rubbed Peter’s and left his hand resting in the dip of his lower back.
“Gay?” Steve repeated the one word he knew he heard correctly.
Peter rolled his eyes with a chuckled. Nailed it. He replied: ‘I am not going to write fanfiction about my parents. Ew.’
Tony groaned again and then said, “We are not telling
“In amps,” Vision stated.
Peter was sitting in his high chair, his face covered in his favorite pumpkin purée and Cheerios combo. Steve was sitting next to him at the counter, watching the small boy with a smile as he sipped his coffee.
“But if it means you do not have to deal with those media hounds again, then I’ll happily bug Clint all night for completions. The man can never turn down a bet,” Wade retorted and soundly kissed his cheek as if that settled it. Peter continued to frown and wrapped his arms over where Wade's arms had crossed over Peter's chest.
Steve shook his head and replied, “I have no idea if that’s its function, but…maybe you can look it over and determine for yourself?”
“Sure,” Peter replied.
They went around a corner and saw the prone bodies as they approached but, they could not tell them friend from foe due to the dark. There were two bodies however and the size and shape fit Steve and Tony’s definitions.
…” She sighed dejectedly.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,
Peter sighed lightly to himself. He was going to be babied by the Avengers for the next few days. He nodded to his dad and replied, “Yeah, bring him in.”
“Boys, I have something serious to tell you and don’t listen to Uncle Tony,” Bucky commanded. He held out the skewer to Steve and he wordlessly took over the barbeque. As Steve turned the dogs again, Bucky folded his arms across his chest and stated, “You both know there are trigger words that can give someone temporary control of me?”
Steve’s face was bright red and his embarrassment was clearly on display. He stared at the coffee table between them, refusing to look at any of his friends’ expressions.
“Yes, I’m exhausted,” Tony groaned. “I feel like I crossed half the desert before they found me…”
Next came the unpleasant part. Steve quickly unzipped his jumpsuit and pulled off his undershirt. Goosebumps rose on his exposed flesh and his muscles seized. He quickly pulled his uniform over his head and then put his undershirt back on. If he had to unzip his jumpsuit then all anyone would see would be his undershirt. He quickly pulled on his jumpsuit but continued to shiver madly. He would probably do so the rest of the day with the cold cloth pressing into his skin.
“I’m coming back to the ship,” Steve stated.
“He’s Deadpool,” Tony bluntly explained.
movie,” Rhodes replied for him with a smirk. "He's been doing it all night."
“Please comment-!”
“We’re almost done, beloved,” Tony whispered, returning the embrace with all of his strength. Steve rubbed his face into Tony’s shoulder to rid himself of any spare tears and then pulled out of the embrace just enough to look down at Tony.
Tony did not complain about losing the godfather-role like Steve had expected. In fact, he was glad for Ben. The older man was just as besotted with Peter as Peter was with him and Tony saw it.
Wade hummed thoughtfully to himself and got a distant look in his eyes. Peter pressed his head onto Wade’s shoulder and asked, “What’s up, babe?”
Peter had been listening to all of Wade’s one-liners for the last couple of minutes but this one made him nearly snort his drink. In response, Wade continued, “If you were a booger, I’d pick you first.”
“Yes, sir,” she replied.
He woke up to the sound of Pepper’s voice demanding, “Get up, Peter! No more sleeping in! It’s time for business! You’ve avoided me long enough!”
dad was hurt.”
That night, however, it fell almost as soon as he entered the dream.
to be your boyfriend.”
Howard sounded so excited by it and it made Tony uneasy. Howard may have been enthusiastic but…This was not the father that had raised him. He was going to change in the coming years. Many events in the coming years will make him a more bitter man.
ask him that!!” Peter immediately hissed back with an edge of panic. He looked around them and groaned, “Where did Wade go? We need that time glove…”
The General smirked, taking in Steve’s bloody appearance and said, “A short distraction.”
[You’re not normal. He’s finally seeing the ugly.]
Tony Stark stared at him with shock and Steve mirrored his expression.
…not that Steve was going mention that.
Unlike Bucky, Tony had kissed him multiple times, made love to him, and never ran away…
Steve instantly hovered over Wade and put pressure on the amputated shoulder.
Tony stepped up to him menacingly and hissed, “Y-You were dead. You know that means that everything you owned is now mine!
“Barnes will be on lockdown with Dr. Banner at SHIELD HQ. They will both stay there until the Mandarin is apprehended or killed.”
And then Steve began to run...In cheap Hollywood flip-flops that loudly smacked the cement with every footfall. While wearing a neon blue muscle shirt that said, “I Love LA!”
“There’s no need to apologize, Dad,” Peter replied with a small sigh. “You did great by saving my neck though…Thank you –
Tony fully lowered the flaps, completely obliterating the light of the reactor, and stated, “This is futuristic technology that you should not see nonetheless examine.”
Tony reached over to him and adjusted one of the metals on his chest. Steve wore his formal, tan military uniform and Tony was wearing his most expensive suit.
Bucky lowered the gun, his arm shaking. Steve looked to his side and saw a crater in the wall beside him. He then immediately looked to Natasha. She too turned to him and he was surprised to see she was also uninjured. She stepped back from the wall and he saw the space around her was peppered with bullet holes.
“There has to be another way! Just give me a few more days! Think of Tony! Think of Peter! Think of all of us! This will destroy everyone!”
Solo pushed through a family, knocking a toddler over. The child began to cry and the father yelled angrily at Solo.
Tony grinned and said, “What if I told you there’s a source with such monitored data?”
“…Are you a guest of Tony’s?”
?” Tony retorted with emphasis and finally stopped his work to focus on Steve. His eyes flickered from Steve’s face and then to the baby pulling at his shirt collar. He quirked an eyebrow and asked, “Are one of the Commandos there?”
“Wait, what will the effect on us be at close range?” Coulson demanded.
Steve crossed the stage and went straight to him. He took Tony’s outstretched hand with a firm grip, and, with his other hand, he tenderly grasped Tony’s jaw, leaned into his personal space, and then kissed him.
They exchanged glances, Eddie excited and Peter wary, and then leaned forward together to watch the reaction.
, is that really Barnes??”
“Dude…This is surreal,” Peter murmured.
This man,
“But he’s alive,” Steve pressed, his voice breaking a little as he needed the assurance.
And that was where Hydra reared its ugly two heads…
Tony spun around and Steve kept his hand on him, resting intimately on his waist. Tony stared at Steve with his mouth agape in shock.
He couldn’t remember the teasing barbs the Commandos threw at him after the mission, nor the moment when he changed out of his muddy clothes, or when Jarvis left his side after fretting over him.
and we
Captain America’s identity was still unknown to the world at large. Only the conspiracy theorists had touched upon the truth that Steve had never died but most of those people believed the new Captain America was a zombie being controlled by SHIELD, not the actually living man. To the rest of the world, Captain Steven G. Rogers was dead and the man running around as Captain America was a new hero with a secret identity.
What little hope for a reunion with Steve died with the video and it broke his heart all over again as he finally accepted he was dead. A small, sick part of him had wanted Steve to be the Winter Soldier. Because then that would mean he’d have Steve back.
Steve reflected back on the moment. Steve had been thinking about how happy he was and he saw the same joy in Tony’s eyes. It just happened after that. He had no explanation for it. His body moved on its own and he almost gave into his hidden, immoral longings.
, they would have taken pictures and called the news and your face would have been all over the television within the hour! And everything your pops and I have done to keep your identity a secret would have been for nothing!”
James half yelled and half screamed as he ran down the hall to block out the noise. A team of six were positioned at the end with their guns pointing down the hall. Three were kneeling and three stood over them, all with their guns at the ready. They opened fire as soon as they saw him.
Steve sighed heavily and whispered, “I’m dreading it already…”
Tony’s words prompted Steve to round the counter. He kept his hand in Tony’s the entire way. Tony started off with being adorable but his proclamation made Steve want to smother the rest of Tony’s words with his mouth.
,” Tony stated. It felt great to get the truth out and to no longer be jumping around it. But, at the same time, he never felt more scared by it. How would his son react?
Tony pressed his lips into Steve’s shoulder, also loving the firm feel of his muscle. He was there solid and warm...Tony probably was not going to let go of him for the rest of the day otherwise he wouldn’t believe this was real.
Being back in Steve’s embrace felt like home. It was where he belonged. Keeping Steve in his arms, Tony stepped back and pulled him into
Steve quirked an eyebrow at him as if he knew what he was thinking about.
“Yes, Sir,” Jarvis replied. A door at the opposite side of the room opened and Steve stomped over to it like he was on mission. There were a number of suits in varying colors, all enclosed in protective plastic covering.
They quickly dressed and Peter paused before the mirror to try to tame his hair the best he could before giving up on the shaggy beast. Wade pressed a kiss onto the mess and swore, “You look adorable.”
“Let me see my son,” Steve whispered. “Give us a few minutes, then I swear I will cooperate.”
Tony sat up sharply when his son walked into the living room.
“The future is falling into place,” Tony stated, staring blankly at Steve’s neck. “And he had listed off several more weird sounding enemies…they better not mess with my tower…what do you think about improving the defense systems to this place. How extreme is too extreme?” His gaze finally flickered up to Steve’s and he quirked an eyebrow at him.
They had kissed before but this was different. This wasn’t brought about by lust but by their hearts. Steve’s heart was so full of wonder and joy that it made him want to kiss Tony. Even the kiss was different. Their lips were gentle as they brushed together in a soft caress and they held each other like they were made of glass.
Peter slid the photo out of the album and held it up to the light. From that moment in the past, his father unknowingly smiled at him. Peter searched his father’s face, looking for anything he could call his own but saw nothing.
Steve punched back one of the aliens and then yelled, “DO IT!”
Steve happened to glance to his right and saw Bucky also looking. His best friend wiggled his eyebrows in Tony’s direction and Steve looked away with a huff.
“Steve?” Bruce stated tentatively.
“Iron Man?”
Howard, however, had no more time...
Wade wryly chuckled and let go of Peter’s waist to cup his cheek. He whispered, “Last time they were too late and I didn’t even hear them until…” Wade dropped his head on Peter’s shoulder and gasped, “We did it, baby boy. You’re alive! We beat them.”
A crease formed between her brows and she whispered, “They destroyed his remains, took me, and listed us as MIA. Then…” She bit down on her lip and whispered, “They did things to me Ben. Cut me open, injected me with God knows what, they hurt me but the worst part was…was that it was all just so I could give birth to a monster.”
“At my wedding,” Steve replied with a shrug.
“I wouldn’t have wa–,” Ultron growled.
Tony didn’t move and, a few minutes later, Jarvis informed him, “Sir, Master Barnes has left the property.”
Bucky had both his hands on his throat and was snarling like an animal. When their eyes connected, Bucky’s hold tensed then fell away altogether.
Tony stood over him, shaking with rage. He hissed, “Fuck you! I hate you!”
He so badly wanted to hear Tony’s voice…
references I make for the rest of the week because, holy shit, I think we just killed the mother of all aliens before it impregnated and killed the crew of the U.S.S. Avengers.”
“I’m coming, Tony,” Steve swore and raced down the sidewalk in the direction of the hazy ocean in the distant horizon.
Sadly, Steve could only help Tony with his nightmares.
“Dr. Banner!” Steve gasped and drew his son away from the scientist. He hissed, “I know you are assigned to monitor Peter but those questions are ridiculous! This is the first time he’s been outside! Of course he would be curious about everything! And stop calling him Spidey! He’s Peter now, right Peter?”
Steve smiled at him and then kissed the area on his chest above the reactor and Tony’s heart.
“She helped me bring down the helicarriers,” Steve explained, nervously looking between the barrel of Natasha’s gun and Bucky’s gun. One speculative twitch from either of them might cause the other to fire.
Mary glared at them, making Steve’s already uneasy stomach clench even tighter.
“Yes, sir,” one retorted and quickly hurried over to a wooden crate. He pulled out a tin of Blue Ribbon Baking Powder and asked, “Will this do?”
She lightly touched the door and whispered in a promise to the boy beyond, “I will save both of you.”
He went deep into the warehouse in case someone ducked their head in to see why the alarm had gone off. There were rows and rows of shelving units and he chose one at random to go down. He kicked some boxes off the shelves and they mostly fell out together. One opened and spilled out its contents but Cable ignored it in order to lay the Captain on the row of relatively level boxes. Cable then reached into Cap’s pocket to pull out the folded-up photo.
He hears the roar of the car’s engine long before he sees it. He already knows what it means. No one can outrun the future, not even the healthiest human specimen on Earth. He could try to flee but God help him, Steve is the type of man who can’t help but look back: to Bucky and draughty houses and the small scales of human endeavour that have all but disappeared. Critics would say he has been rewarded as such a man deserves: skewered in a futurist’s private collection.
The breeze through the car window wasn’t enough.
“Alright, why is Bucky avoiding you?”
hung from a giant banner as if death was the worst outcome any of them could imagine.
anymore.”
“I don’t have to like it.”
Steve's eyes dart to and from the empty socket. Bucky should never have lost the arm at all because he never should have fallen. Steve should have been faster. Bucky shouldn’t have been left at the mercy of Hydra to be turned into the Soldier, to be sent to kill -
Kovalchyk’s face is infinitely sad. “After a fashion. You see Captain, my father’s war ended in May 1945 with the surrender of Nazi Germany. The bomb he poured all of his hard work and hatred into was never deployed in the European theatre. Instead Truman dropped it on Hiroshima in September. Five days later, another was dropped on Nagasaki.” His laugh is a mere exhalation. “I’m not sure my father spared a single thought for Japan during the entirety of the war and then,” he snaps his fingers, “he had helped wipe out two cities. He didn’t have enough hatred left for that.”
“And you didn’t.”
Steve had taken his uniform off and was washing it in the water. His shield lay at his side, shiny and new looking, just like it had been when they had pulled him from the ice that first time. The awful gash across his pale chest was an angry inflamed red made all the more loathsome for the sin of ruining perfection. Naked and lit by the white glow of the water he held a terrible beauty all his own.
“We’re not getting better, are we.” Steve’s voice is hoarse. He knows it for truth.
“Don’t leave me,” he rasped. Tony was always leaving him: slipping from innocence into remembrance and then into half-death once more. Steve was the one who stayed and counted cycles and retrieved bodies and built cairns. “You promised you wouldn’t leave me!”
In a daze Steve prints off everything he needs. FRIDAY has to direct him into the basement to find a printer because such a process is considered antiquated. He wants there to be reams of information but instead everything he finds fits comfortably in a small folder. He doesn’t know what to do with it. Natasha is his best bet but both her and Tony must already know and neither will take well to Steve's investigation. Grzegorz Kowalczyk is not yet on the official list of the Winter Soldier’s victims which means Bucky might not even know. Cataloguing the Soldier’s assassinations is a process and it’s lower in priority to stabilizing his mental state.
It was compulsive truth and in unkinder times Steve had thought Tony incapable of it. But it was never cathartic. Tony seemed to share like he was oblivious to how much it hurt Steve to hear. He’d repeat stories; looping back, the same event finding awful refinement in the retelling. In a car at sixty-miles an hour there was no escape.
