“Yeah,” John whispered back, leaning in to enfold himself in Sherlock and never let go. “Forever, and beyond.”
so unbearably slowly, he pumped them in and out, keeping John keening into him as much as he could with the limited amount he could move.
John tried to look anywhere but at her, tried to feel anything but that awful darkening dismay that was crashing into him with every sultry blink she sent in his direction.
Sherlock just stared at him, silently, with a strange expression on his face. Then, after a second, he threw back his head with a rumbling, full-bellied laugh.
…” Sherlock’s harsh voice chanted, over and over, the heat in his abdomen ready to flare up, John’s sweet movements building his pleasure up higher and higher and oh, he was close, he was
Sherlock drifted his touch downward, smoothing over John’s shoulders, down his back. His long fingers sent currents of heat flickering down John’s spine, warming him to the core and jolting down towards his abdomen. He gave a little moan and lurched forward, grinding into Sherlock’s hip as the hand reached the waistband of his pants. Sherlock circled a fingertip around the hem for a moment, paused, then dipped beneath it, fingers sliding underneath and down John’s arse.
He sighed a little, and dropped his arms. There was no sound but for the fluttering of the curtains in the sitting room, and a few birds chirping in the distance. It was completely serene. If there was ever a place to finally finish his book, it was here. He’d even dug out his mother’s old typewriter, so he wouldn’t have to bring his laptop with him. No distractions at all.
“Me? Having you on?” Sherlock’s eyebrows raised, his voice filled with false indignation. “About something as important as this?”
John stared after him, lips hanging open and trembling, and he watched Sherlock walk away. His coat billowed out behind him, his footfalls echoing on the pavement, and he gave a little shake of his head but didn’t look back.
” Harry whipped around, her hair flying around her face. “She’s giving me less than I’m supposed to have, I
quite have liked to join him, but he didn’t really feel like navigating so many doors and obstacles in such a small space. He just wanted to lie down.
Sherlock followed him into the next room – more brightly lit than the hall, with light carpeting and two large windows with silk hangings. Three people were lined up, waiting to meet him. The first two looked relaxed, were smiling, but the one on the end – a man about Sherlock’s age with sandy blond hair – was as straight-backed and still as the guards outside.
Despite the tender swelling in his heart at John’s earnest promise, Sherlock couldn’t suppress the smirk that tugged at the corners of his mouth. “Good,” he said warmly against John’s chest. “Maybe we can do this again in Kiev, or Bucharest. I think Mycroft has a few leads there.”
Silence fell again, as quickly as it has been broken. Their synchronized breathing was the only thing that could be heard.
They spent the next hour or so going over the details – where exactly they would be positioned, what weapons they would use, how they would anticipate Sokolov’s movements while still avoiding detection, and how they would intercept her before she could reach Orlova. There wasn’t much room for error – if anything went wrong they would risk losing Sokolov and endangering the lives of their officers – but Sherlock was confident in their ability to pull it off. John wasn’t so sure, though, and made several changes to the plan in order to ensure as much safety as possible without compromising their chances. Sherlock let him do it with little protest. He was usually right, after all.
It was the new recording studio today – the one with the mixer who liked to scowl and roll his eyes a lot. Sherlock had already been dreading this session, but the sight of him there in his stupid red baseball cap was putting Sherlock off almost as much as the peppy backup singers to his right doing their awful swaying dance, or the synth-heavy opening to the track playing in his ears.
“I think you’d better always look like this. I can’t be seen going around with an old man, after all.” John could feel the corners of Sherlock’s mouth quirking up into a grin against the side of his neck.
“Of course not,” Sherlock had smirked, and John had thumped his head against the back of the sofa, but he was smiling.
“Yeah.” John’s breath left him in a rush, his brow relaxing. “I mean, you know, we’d had a few, and –”
“I don’t care about the presents underneath the Christmas tree. I just want you for my own, more than you could ever know…”
A rough, harsh scream ripped itself from Sherlock’s throat, and he slammed his fist into the concrete wall nearest to him. It hurt. He didn’t care. His knees gave out, crumpling him to the ground. A man laden with shopping bags behind him started backwards in alarm. Sherlock barely saw him. He could barely see anything.
His voice had grown firmer, and the lines of his face had smoothed out into something quite intense. Sherlock found himself staring for a second, enraptured.
“Where are you in there?” John barely breathed. His eyes bored into Sherlock’s in turn, pleading. “Come back, Sherlock, please.” That same heaviness rose up in his throat again, and he swallowed it down. “Come back to me.”
Sherlock smirked, pushing the covers away and pulling John to his feet. “If I did, you know you’re not allowed to have it yet.”
The clock ticked by slowly on the wall next to him, and John tapped unhurriedly at his keyboard. He wasn’t really working on anything. In his office, Sherlock had straightened his back, stretching his shoulders upward. John drank the sight in through greedy snatches, wishing there wasn’t so much empty space between them. Wishing he could reach out.
“You have news for us, I take it?” Sherlock said, his voice admirably even. But it made the dread welling up inside John mount higher and higher, and he wished, just this once, that Sherlock would beat around the bush a little.
But maybe the problem wasn’t him. Maybe it was with the girls. Everyone here was so dressed-up and stoic, John thought, as a group of ladies came over to him to investigate his tray. They had their chins tilted up with confidence, and were so engrossed in their conversation that it would have felt mad to try to talk to one of them. They just felt so closed-off, and uninviting.
An uncomfortable silence hung in the air for a few moments, then Lestrade reached across the circle to hand Sherlock back his phone. “No answer from Harry,” he said evenly. “I tried her three times, but it’s after midnight, she’s probably asleep.”
If you're a fan of the movie, you might not recognize this story, and that's because it was written and filmed but deleted from the final cut. It was a minor subplot involving the headmistress of the school the kids go to (played by Anne Reid) and her partner, Geraldine (Frances de la Tour) who is dying of cancer. Personally I don't begrudge its absence in the film, but it's a nice story and I wanted to include it here. Though I have of course made my usual modifications, because it's Christmas and we deserve happy endings.
Sherlock looked up at the clock hanging over the receptionists’ desk; the numbers on the face clicked around in his head for a moment before he realized it was useless.
John hummed, blissful contentment unspooling all through his body, fueling his arousal. He pressed his hips up higher, needing more friction, needing more heat. Their cocks slid together, gloriously, and John’s breath hitched.
time,” Sherlock clarified. “We’ll have plenty of time for that later, of course, but…” he scanned the room, looking more firmly into the most affronted faces, “if
Sherlock waited, John guessed to see whether he would say something else stupid, then turned back to face the front again.
They grasped each others’ wrists, and held on for a moment. Sherlock took in Mycroft’s expression, how it was trying desperately not to smile. A rare rush of affection for him bloomed in Sherlock’s chest.
“Oh, good evening,” she said, straightening up. She seemed almost surprised to see somebody this late.
“So if you really love me.” Sherlock tried to keep his own smile from being audible in the song. “Come on and let it show.”
John started violently. Sherlock did too, his hand retreating. John had broken the kiss, and was breathing heavily, trying to get his bearings.
John tried to glare at her, but it was no use. His dejection was spreading through his entire body, robbing him of all his fight. His shoulders sagged in defeat.
From behind him, the bell on the door clinked again, and John felt dread rise up in his throat as he turned around and saw yet
Sherlock broke off briefly to catch his breath, and then kissed him again, softly, deepening it slowly to let it stretch on as long as possible. John's lips were warm, his movements unhurried, his fingers twined solidly with Sherlock’s like a balm to his aching chest. And the way he nipped gently at Sherlock’s lips, the way he shifted minutely against him to pull him closer, the way the steady rise and fall of his breathing flowed through every point of contact between them, let Sherlock know that John was here, that he wasn’t going anywhere, that he still was and would always be here with Sherlock, no matter what forces in the universe tried to tear them apart.
“Won’t be a moment, and then we’ll get you into bed,” he carried on. John couldn’t hear any traces of doubt through his high spirits, but then, John apparently couldn’t trust himself when it came to stuff like that.
“No, no, really, it wasn’t.” The man shook his head, those gorgeous lips quirking up a bit with a smile.
He was crouched on the roof of Orlova’s building, his coat collar pulled up to shield his face from the wind and from any potential onlookers. The night was dark, but the building was only six stories tall; it was still possible that a trained eye in the surrounding skyscrapers could make him out.
“I’ve bought a ticket to the States!” It practically exploded out of him, lighting up his face with enthusiasm. “I’m off in three weeks.”
“You did it!” and the voice was unmistakeably John’s, and Sherlock found him again looking absolutely
“Yes, I agree.” Sherlock did his best to match the brightness in John’s eyes, and supposed he must have succeeded. “And besides, we were away.”
He stared down Magnussen and didn’t flinch, and Magnussen looked back at him with a steely edge in his eyes.
Sherlock’s eyes were flickering infinitesimally, searching John’s face but not daring to move. John thought he saw a slight twitch in his lips.
Something inside Sherlock snapped at the sight of it. His mind raced into overdrive, his heart pounded through his ribs.
” he went on, but he was rolling his eyes, as if he was more amused than anything else. “– I’ve gone and said ‘shit’.
John nodded, softly, holding himself in Sherlock’s tender gaze. “Just as long as you promise to keep me.”
Sherlock’s eyes fell closed, and John could see everything he’d been holding back written in the lines of his face. His heart constricted in his chest, and he pushed a hand up to thread through the curls at the nape of his neck, needing Sherlock to feel him, needing him to
Sherlock paused, considering. Then something shifted in his eyes. “About the same,” he said, and pulled him back in, and they kissed and kissed until one of them had the good sense to push them backward through the door into John’s room, and then they kissed some more.
He walked Sherlock home afterwards, trying his best to be a proper gentleman but finding it harder and harder to resist taking hold of Sherlock’s hand when they brushed against each other as they walked. Finally, they arrived at his flat, and Sherlock paused at the door.
Sherlock waved his driver away to wait in the car. Slowly, his eyes raked up and down number 102, from the garden path to the chimney and back again.
Mycroft and Mrs. Holmes had caught up and were keeping even step behind them. Every so often, they passed someone they seemed to know, and after a quick explanation, the newcomer would join them.
“Yeah, great. Oh.” John suddenly seemed to remember the coffees he was carrying and held out one of the cups to Sherlock. “Here.”
Sherlock stood, face reigned into a cool, polite smile. Only a small crease between his brows betrayed any hint of emotion.
His heart in his throat, the moment seemed to stretch on forever – Sherlock’s hand tightening in his was the only thing keeping him grounded, the only real thing in the world, when everything else, the office and the ticking clock and the doctor rummaging through the file about to explode with the rest of reality –
, making the murders exponentially more difficult to follow, and “a couple days” stretched on to a couple weeks, Sherlock’s resentment grew deeper and more irrational, his temper becoming shorter and shorter at every stiff interaction with his brother.
He counts the compressions with each of his own gasping breaths. One, two, three, up to thirty, and John’s still not breathing.
It was one of those cheap, overly springy mattresses. The duvet wasn’t exactly soft, but the sheets were clean and pressed. John tugged off his jumper and his jeans, and the relief was immediate – a kind of insignificant luxury you can only feel grateful for after an especially long day, when suddenly even a shoddy hotel room feels like a relief.
When they were finally satisfied, Sherlock turned away as quickly as he could manage, and knocked his way through several other families. Some were pleased to see him, others less so, but each had the same answer for him:
Saying it out loud made his eyes start to burn again – though this time he wasn’t sure if he could get them back under control.
They kissed softly, framed in the doorway of Baker Street, lips moving gently and tongues dipping in to explore – to discover each other, familiarity winding itself into the newness of it all, exhilaration flooding into John’s heart at the point where Sherlock’s was beating against his chest.
“Sorry, sorry,” John stammered quickly, pulling back. Sherlock must have crossed behind him without him noticing.
“How’s the pain?” Sherlock asked as he pulled back, keeping himself near John’s lips, his breath warm and sweet.
“You left,” Sherlock said quietly, and he was hoping it didn’t sound prying or accusatory, because that wasn’t at all what he felt. He just needed to
being serious when I said I didn’t know where it was.” Sherlock was fighting to keep his voice even. Why hadn’t he just told him he’d deleted it in the first place? “I can have a look round tonight, but –”
Sure enough, down on the kitchen table was a plate of food covered in foil and still warm, and Dad was smiling at him from the sitting room where he was reading a newspaper.
“No,” John shook his head in agreement. “But really, it wasn’t that bad. I’ve barely thought about it since.” Then he paused, looking unsure again. “I just – you know…”
“You’ll tell me if anything starts to hurt?” Sherlock murmured; John could feel every word as his breath whispered across his skin. “Or if you need to stop?”
But she was quickly shushed again, and Sherlock didn’t seem to have heard her at all. He didn’t break eye contact with John, his gaze so unbearably sharp and brimming with emotion, John though it might pierce his heart open entirely.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Sherlock said, and he meant it. He smiled up at John as he took a sip from his mug, and was rewarded with John returning it in that brilliant, familiar way.
“I know.” Sherlock said, and his brow smoothed out a little. He brought one of John’s hands up to his lips, kissed the back of it gently.
For Christmas Eve at the surgery, it was surprisingly busy. Everywhere, children with colds, harassed looking young adults, people not much older than themselves leaning on canes and complaining about various aches. John didn’t envy the doctors on call tonight – it was going to be endless.
“No, no, of course not.” Sherlock’s voice broke again as he shook his head, his eyes falling closed. A hot wave of shame was flooding through his chest now where the emptiness had been. “I
He turned in John’s arms to look at him, hands snaking around his torso and splaying protectively across his back. His eyes were dry, but they shone with something fierce and pained as they searched John’s, brow creased and jaw set, as if seeking evidence to back up John’s reassurances.
“Painkillers tonight? Or can you sleep without them?” Sherlock’s fingers dipped under the hem of his shirt briefly as he tugged it down, sending warmth spreading up through John’s chest.
It was still early in the evening on the 24th when the director called the wrap, but it was already dark outside, and a light rain was sprinkling the windows. John waited by the door for Sherlock, and they left together, nervously looking down at their feet as they made their way to the pub.
It was a beautiful day, the crisp early winter sunlight illuminating the last golden leaves of autumn, and Sherlock hated it.
“Sherlock!” John broke off again, holding him steady, keeping his lips just centimeters from Sherlock’s, still unwilling to pull away.
it was a mistake!” Dimmock was saying, impassioned. “You think America’s gonna want to deal with us now?”
John smiled quietly back at him. He twisted a loose curl around his forefinger. “I’m just glad we’ve been lucky so far.” He huffed out a small laugh, imagining. “That it’s been healing alright, and it hasn’t gotten infected or anything. God knows you didn’t sign up to clean pus out of me every morning.”
He tore himself away with some reluctance, and hurried up the stairs to the bedroom. He could feel Sherlock’s eyes watching him all the way up.
,” Sam said from behind him. He pulled off his jacket, and it dripped water over the floor as he tramped over to hang it up. “Joanna sounds amazing. Wait till you hear her, you won’t believe it.”
“Yeah, I know, but…” John’s mind was whirling, trying to reconcile the spirited, unfaltering man who’d been tending to him for weeks with one who could still be reeling from what had happened to
Lestrade’s face was admirably unimpressed as he looked up from the file he was going over with the new office assistant, Mia.
“Excuse me, Sherlock.” The assistant director came out from behind the camera, gesturing towards them. “If you could lean down over him, please, and stay a bit to the left?”
“Go on then, and I’ll go get you one.” He glanced at a nearby stand overflowing with bright red jumpers with green sleeves – they were hideous even for John’s vast array of taste.
It was an age before he could navigate though the packed shelves to find the pair of gloves he was looking for, and then even longer to stand in line while the sales clerks pitched offers to the dozen or so shoppers in front of him. Finally, after an excruciating one-sided conversation with the much-too-cheerful girl behind the counter, he left the department with a box under his arm and picked his way towards the jewellery section, but when he got there, a sight greeted him that made him stop short behind a rack of scarves.
Sherlock’s own laboured breathing was all he could hear in the empty space. When Mycroft spoke again, it was with an even “Are you at Bart’s?”
John felt his orgasm bearing down upon him, building deep inside his belly, Sherlock’s incredible fingers bringing him nearer and nearer to the precipice, oh,
They were swaying more and more deeply with every awful warbling line. Sherlock stared straight ahead at John.
“And I can expect this all to be confirmed by Mycroft Holmes?” The DI raised an eyebrow, though he couldn’t quite keep the exasperation out of his voice. Clearly he was as eager as anyone to be leaving this all alone.
A split-second of confusion crossed John’s face, before it passed into bright, grinning understanding. His hands smoothed their way down Sherlock’s arms and landed on the lapels of his jacket.
“And who’s this?” Harry asked, standing up when she saw them. She had a curious expression on her face – not scowling, but still sharp.
the way to impress this girl, Sam was certainly on the right track. John had been woken up yet again this morning at an unholy hour, and staggered to the bathroom past Sam’s room rubbing his forehead against the cacophonous booms and crashes of his drumming.
him – to only see the strength and support and unwavering dedication, while Sherlock shrouded away the rest of himself for John’s sake. He couldn’t bear to know how much fear was walled up behind that mask, secreted away in his heart where John couldn’t touch it. He couldn’t bear to see Sherlock hold himself apart from John, unwilling to hold him too tightly or even touch him too intimately – how long had it been now? Three weeks? More than that? John wasn’t sure they’d
He could almost see Sherlock pursing his lips above him. “But it still hurts.” It was only barely a question.
“My goodness!” He parroted back, taking his time around the longer, Latin-esque vowels. “This is a very big fish! It tastes delicious!”
John pulled back, and Sherlock released the breath he’d been holding. John’s breath was warm against his skin, little bursts of life in the chill.
He placed the cup of tea and the plate laden with a few chocolate biscuits on Sherlock’s other side, away from his paperwork.
Suddenly though, John’s eyes widened, and Sherlock’s heart leapt to his throat as he realized where they were. John released his hand as if it had burned him, and even through the haze of Sherlock’s panic, he had to clench his teeth to stop himself from crying out at the loss of contact. He felt suddenly colder, his skin seeming to instinctively seek out the warmth of John’s touch, and he clenched his hand in his lap as he frantically looked around the room outside the glass windows.
Slowly, agonizingly, the retching slowed, quieting from full-body shudders into a fainter trembling. John gasped and panted, his head still spinning, and as he came back down from it he felt Sherlock urgently pushing his shirt up and peeling away part of the bandage to feel his stitches, his fingers sagging in relief when he found that they were still intact. He sighed and pressed a gentle kiss to John’s temple, holding himself there as the ringing subsided in John’s ears and he was able to pick out the stream of
The ran together along the back gate, down past one of the smaller buildings, then finally came to what seemed to be the back entrance of the auditorium. John looked back at him, his eyes glowing with adrenaline, and let Sherlock through the heavy door and up a creaky set of stairs, until they emerged in what was clearly the backstage area, just behind the curtain.
Sherlock gave a soft groan. “Really?” His arm automatically slid around John’s waist. “Twin bed?” He asked the woman.
But as he fled down the corridor, he caught snippets of conversation from another circle of students who had their heads together over a magazine.
you.” His voice was rough, a heavy mix of joy and wonder having lodged itself in his throat. “I love you, and all I want is just to be with you, now and forever–”
“Oh, love, thank you.” John met Sherlock’s eyes – full of fond affection – and stretched up to kiss him once more, chastely, before taking the box and pulling at the ribbon. “You didn’t have to, you know.”
The cab turned along the familiar cobblestoned street. John couldn’t believe it had been just over a week since he’d been here last. Everything felt so different. Even the street looked different, with scattered starlight above and people bustling along it on either side, laughing out their Christmas cheer.
Resignation had taken over everything else, filling him with a strange, empty calmness. If this was all he could do, he’d take it, and be grateful.
but it didn’t make his other feelings go away. And he liked to think that if she were here, she’d have been happy about it…
And now shame was coursing through Sherlock where the guilt had just seconds ago washed away, remembering how he
He scrolled through the rest of the example sentences in the lesson. They looked to be all about the same. He scowled a bit, but moved on through them obediently. Maybe the next section would be less seafood-based.
Neither of them spoke the entire way there. Sherlock wove in and out of traffic with ease, his eyes focused straight ahead. John only dared glance at him out of the corner of his eye once or twice, thinking this might all dissolve around him if he contemplated it too long.
Lestrade opened his mouth and closed it again, looking stunned. Molly was silent, but Sherlock swore he saw her lip wobble.
He raised a hand to cover his face, rubbing hard at his eyes. He was sure he was a pleasant shade of scarlet by now.
John gave a sympathetic chuckle. Sherlock had his hands in his pockets, the remnants of sleep lining his eyes making him look soft and warm.
He nodded, and Sherlock broke into a grin. It made him look so heartbreakingly young and carefree that John thought he might collapse.
Sherlock wandered into the room and plopped down onto the pouf at the foot of Dad’s leather armchair. He felt his shoulders sag pitifully.
disappointed,” Julie said again, placing her hand on the head of the young boy in front of her, presumably her son.
, he’d once said to John. God, he’d been so wrong. Breathing was the only way he could keep from losing himself now. Breathing was the only thing that mattered when nothing else worked inside his brain. Breathing was all that was keeping John in that room and Sherlock in this hell, and maybe that had already failed.
Mr. Holmes stepped back to let him enter first. John squared himself in the doorway, took in one last, steadying breath, and stepped inside.
He grew stronger still, as surely as night followed day, and to John’s great delight the headaches disappeared completely and with the help of the painkillers the wound faded into a distant echo most of the time. As long as he didn’t move too quickly or put pressure on it for too long, he could almost forget about it entirely. It was still tender, the stitches still delicate, but a few nights later John found himself sitting in his chair with a book on his lap and the stars twinkling outside, feeling like the world might finally be on the way to righting itself.
John hummed softly at the crease of his groin, raising his head inches from Sherlock’s cock and ghosting his breath over it. Sherlock could feel the heat of it through the material, and his hands clutched desperately at John’s shoulders. “John,
John hesitated a moment, then slowly lowered himself into the second chair, perching himself nervously on its edge.
In the meantime, John made for the nearest door, and stepped outside into the grim chill. Further down the field, one of the older classes was playing football, and their indiscriminate shouts and cheers floated over towards him on the breeze.
It was a lovely evening. They shared a cheese platter and laughed over glasses of warm mulled wine. They talked about previous jobs they’d done, where they’d gone to school, their families; John told a story about a prank he’d pulled on his sister as a child that had Sherlock giggling adorably into his hands for minutes afterwards. Later, Sherlock ordered them two bright red cocktails which were bubbling like champagne and had cherries piled at the bottom.
Actually, probably best just to check in with everyone once the meeting was over. Sherlock began to sway his hips a little to the synth track.
Sherlock turned, but John had already flown through the door and was walking away quickly, his hands clenched at his sides.
“This is our first really important test,” said Jeremy, to Sherlock’s right. “Let’s take a stand, and come out strong.”
He stood framed in the hall, a Christmas biscuit in one hand, and was surveying John with something that looked like disgust.
Sherlock kissed between his shoulder blades, then shifted – John heard his trousers hitting the floor. Then his warmth was hovering over him again. Sherlock shifted his weight to his elbows, his head bent downward to drag his lips down John’s neck, and his warm, hard cock slid into place between John’s arse cheeks.
The meeting went terribly. Magnussen and his party refused to consult on nearly everything Sherlock brought up. Supposedly, they were just “being consistent with the last administration’s policies”, but Sherlock had less and less patience with everything they shot down. He found himself dropping subjects he’d promised his ministers he’d settle, and forcing them all to just move along. But it was just too risky to rise to Magnussen’s level. At least this first time.
He gave a harsh clear of his throat, and indicated that Magnussen should follow him down the next hallway. The President complied, a knowing sort of smirk stretching his thin mouth.
He’d wanted to go downstairs and apologize, for making everything so much harder than it already was, but what could he say? They were both already so lost. And how could he tell Dad about the other thing that was making him shut himself up in his room, without Dad thinking he didn’t care about Mummy?
But when he moved back toward the door to the sitting room, left the tiniest bit ajar, he heard a low voice trickle out of it.
Sherlock let his gaze roam over the room some more. This artwork really was terrible, he thought. He’d just noticed one of the naked men was wearing a Santa hat, and he couldn’t tell whether it was a party decoration or actually part of the picture. He looked down towards the dance floor next, crammed with young people rotating their hips while phenomenally off-rhythm; none of the older officers or married couples liked to dance at these things. On the other side of the room and eyeing the crowd in distaste, Sherlock spotted Donovan, who looked like she’d rather be anywhere else.
“It was hardest on my family,” he said. And then he reached forward and, ever so slowly, slid his fingers over top of John’s where they were balled in a fist on his bare thigh.
He could feel everything. Sherlock’s hand in his hair, stroking gently. His other hand holding John’s, steady and sure. The smell of him at the crook of his neck where John was resting – a hint of lavender, maybe, or vanilla. His porcelain skin, warmer than John’s by far.
Something painful was suddenly pushing up against the roof of John’s mouth, and he blinked away the wetness prickling behind his eyes before it could leak out. He sucked in a deep breath and let it out quietly, steadying himself.
Dad said nothing for a moment, just letting Sherlock sit in his thoughts. That was alright. It felt better sitting here than sitting alone in his room, anyway.
“She did, yeah,” Dad chuckled. “But she also would have hated you thinking that this boy would despise you.”
“Would you stay?” Sherlock asked, quiet and desperate now. “Knowing life would always be a little bit worse?”
He held Sherlock under his fingertips, felt his heartbeat kick up a notch, reverberating through his skin. John needed him like a physical ache, a desperate tug in his chest, a magnetic pull, but the last ghost of hesitation remained behind Sherlock’s eyes, and John leaned in until he could feel Sherlock’s breath across his face.
At long, long last, the driver finally pulled up onto a street that stretched straight on out, seemingly forever.
“Mhm.” Sherlock smiled softly, kissed him once more, then shuffled downward to nose his way into the crook of John’s neck.
The last shot of the day was on the bed again. Sherlock was pretending to fuck John’s face. John’s mind was reeling like mad and everything on the set was a bit chaotic all around him, but his excitement couldn’t be contained anymore. He had to say something to him.
“Well, call me an old man who can’t break habits.” John sent back, as he scrubbed down the kitchen counter.
He moved quickly around the car, gave another polite nod to the guards positioned along the wall, then walked slowly up to the door – savoring the moment, just a little.
“Mmm,” John let out, a breathy half-moan, half-sigh. He dipped his hands lower, and grabbed two handfuls of Sherlock’s gorgeous arse. Sherlock hummed appreciatively, and canted his hips forward.
Sherlock couldn’t help but roll his eyes. “Well given that we’ve just taken down your country’s most dangerous criminal I think we’ll be just fine. Good evening.” He turned around gratefully, his coat billowing behind him.
Sherlock had opened his mouth in indignation, but John spoke quickly before Sherlock had the chance. “Fine.” He was giving Lestrade a satisfied grin. “Quickly now, we need to get there before dusk.”
She was still with terror – Sherlock could see even from his position behind her – but her voice rang loud through the space. She sang the entire bridge of the song, the choir interjecting “oohs” and “oh-oh-ohs” along with her. But Sherlock wasn’t watching, was barely listening to the sounds his fingers were pulling from his own instrument, because his eyes were fixed on the second microphone, no one behind it yet, but there would be soon, just a few seconds, a few more bars, and Sherlock’s heart was hammering behind his ribs, loud enough to throw him off count if the notes hadn’t been so ingrained in his fingers, and it was coming up now, just now, as the girl finished the verse and rushed back to the bleachers –
“You really want to know?” he asked him. His voice rasped a little. It had been a while since he’d spoken last.
Sherlock let it go on, let the minutes slip by as he brought himself fully back to his surroundings. He blinked open his eyes, wincing at the light. Mycroft was scratching lightly at his armrest.
But then they’d start chatting, light and comfortable together as if they’d known each other for years, and John’s will would falter and the request would die in his throat. It would all just seem too much all of a sudden. So impossible.
“What is this we’re listening to?” John asked. His head was no longer bent over his book, but looking curiously towards the stereo.
“Alright,” he acquiesced, stopping them at the end of the rows of glass cases. “Keep yourself occupied for ten minutes, and I’ll go do the boring stuff for Mummy.” He felt dread stir in him at the thought. The women’s department was going to be brutal.
Mycroft was silent for a few seconds – no doubt scanning Sherlock for what was really going on – but then said nothing but a brief, “certainly.”
come out of his room, it’s obvious he’s been crying,” he’d heard Dad’s voice say, muffled through the floor. “I just don’t know…it was such a waste, and if it’s going to ruin Sherlock’s life as well…”
“Doesn’t mean we’ll be able to find the video, though.” Sherlock broke their gaze and ran an anxious hand through his hair. “I searched around when you first called…”
“Mycroft called us.” Lestrade’s voice made an attempt to be comforting, but didn’t quite manage it. “He said to say he’d be here as soon as he could, and he’s sending a car for Mrs. Hudson.”
They’d staggered up the stairs, more than half leaning on each other, and Sherlock’s head was thrown back, laughing. John was rapt – he’d never seen Sherlock drink like this before, and he was finally relaxed, his cheeks more than a little flushed, the long length of his neck bared before John’s hungry eyes.
A couple older kids stood there in a corner chatting there, but Sam wasn’t among them. John sighed and decided to go check outside, but just as he turned around, a body appeared out of nowhere and collided with him, roughly.
He took a deep breath in, and expelled it, resigning himself. It was alright. He’d said what he’d needed to say, heard what he’d so desperately wanted to hear. They’d find some other, less magical night, to carry on from now.
And all at once, a harsh, painful sob ripped its way out of John’s lungs. He let it fall, let it ring out in the silence, unheard, and unobstructed.
“Wow,” John breathed. It was almost lifelike, the way the tiny snowflakes seemed to flutter around the buildings and into the waves. He swiped right on the screen; the next one was a massive Christmas tree, with lights of all colours shining from every branch. The next, a whimsical cartoonish piece featuring Father Christmas and his reindeer. Then a dark outline of a couple kissing on a snowy hilltop, with stars twinkling all around them.
John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, soothing him, bringing him back down to earth. “Okay?”
The static from the radio swelled a little in volume, and Sherlock reached forward to switch it off.
Sherlock let the words hang in the air between them, waiting for John to speak. He was sure John must hear his heart hammering against his ribcage, even from across the room.
Sherlock held himself there for a moment, then pulled back. John looked up at him. His eyes were sparkling in the lamplight.
A door above him suddenly slammed, and John jumped. Sam was coming down the steps, slowly, like he was dragging his feet. John stood still against the sink as he came in the kitchen, suddenly flooded with anxiety.
John sighed, the warmth in his chest swelling up. He pressed his nose into Sherlock’s hair and closed his eyes, breathed him in.
newspaper that Sherlock had seen this morning with the advertisement for Blue Carbuncle’s album marked up in angry black ink with the same crude speech bubble.
And now Sherlock had toed off his shoes and unbuckled his trousers. He straightened up, bare but for his tight-fitting boxer briefs.
He watched him, beautiful and lithe and completely focused on his task at hand, apparently no room for anything else.
Beside him, a nurse was hanging an IV bag and fiddling with the tabs. John’s eyelids flickered sluggishly, barely opening, and he began to stir on the bed, slowly waking up.
“Well.” Sherlock’s voice was light when he spoke, though the note of hesitation was barely concealed. “I suppose I could respond to Mycroft’s badgering about finishing up the case file for his investigation…”
He wanted to flee. He couldn’t bear Sherlock seeing him like this, hearing this conversation. It was so pathetic.
Everything in John seemed to come alive at once, beaming out of him in a watery smile that contorted his face with emotion.
It sounded terrible, even to his own ears, and Mrs. Hudson must have thought so too, because she was giggling lightly.
They cheered again, raised their glasses again. Sherlock hopped down from the table and several people patted him on the shoulder, some barking words of congratulations. He shook a few hands, smiled genially at a few others, then picked his way through them all as they started to mingle and celebrate amongst themselves, heading for the door.
“You were on the phone,” Sherlock pressed, and he didn’t mean to sound accusatory, but he thought there might have been an undercurrent of it despite his best efforts.
“Well…” John cast his eyes down briefly as he searched for words. “I was having a bit of a hard time in Dartmoor – you know, I’ve, I’ve been alone for a while, and –” He swallowed, his cheeks tinting the slightest shade of pink. “We had our moment the night before, by the fire…”
Sherlock just rolled his eyes, fondly. “Oh dear, it’s the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the other line.”
John cleared his throat, sounding a bit surprised. “Obviously. Suppose they just couldn’t bring themselves to do it.”
He looked down at the CD set, and his stomach churned some more. At any other time, this would have been such a thoughtful gift. Sherlock would have loved it. But now…
He crossed over to stand in front of John, who had stopped on the sidewalk in front of the revolving doors. Sherlock looked around once, to make sure no one was around that could hear them, and then pitched his voice low.
He pulled it out of his pocket. It was John. His heart kicked up, and he couldn’t tell whether it was from excitement or fear.
“Thanks, I’ll make a note,” he said, trying to smile. He popped one of the crackers into his mouth to put off saying anything else.
In the cab ride home later, Sherlock gave directions back to his flat, and didn’t invite John to do the same. Nor did John ask the cabbie to stop when they drove through his neighbourhood. Both of them knew exactly where they were going.
He fell forward into Sherlock’s chest, enfolding himself there without thinking. He needed to, so he did it. Sherlock’s arm folded itself around John’s shoulders in an instant. Holding him.
John’s breathing evened out into sleep almost immediately, but Sherlock didn’t even close his eyes. All night, he laid there watching John, so peaceful, so fragile, Sherlock couldn’t bear to let him out of his sight. Outside, Sherlock could hear the occasional footsteps of someone passing in the hall, or a gurney squeaking by with a muffled clanking sound, but there was nothing to enter this quiet, delicate space where Sherlock could hear every beat of John’s heart, feel every breath against his neck, see every flutter of movement as he dreamed, and know that as long as he was here in Sherlock’s arms, he was safe.
“Alright, smartarse.” John said. He forced himself not to laugh, despite himself. “Keep talking and I’ll tell Harry to stop bringing those.”
Sherlock cleared his throat, feeling it scratch like sandpaper. “Fine. I just need –” He reached out toward the basket of creams and sugars, then paused. He had no idea how any of the others took their coffee. With a trembling hand he scooped up a handful of sugar packets and nearly spilled all the cups as he balanced the tray in the other, then escaped out the door as quickly as he could manage, not bothering to finish his sentence.
It was a bit better in the morning. John managed to wake up with the sun streaming into the bedroom window, earlier than he’d done so far since he’d been home. Sherlock was already awake, as usual, and leaned over to kiss him good morning before pulling him out of bed to half-lead, half-support him towards the bathroom to check his stitches and change his bandage.
Sherlock flashed him a quick, nervous smile, then shrugged his hand away and dashed off toward the auditorium doors, his violin case clutched to his chest.
Sherlock paused for a moment, worrying his bottom lip with his teeth, his mind still staggering at the massive fog that had just lifted from it. All at once there was so much to process, so much to feel – it was as if all the dust and cobwebs had been swept out of his brain, and the gears were grinding back to life again
John sighed once more, stretching out his arms and running his hand through his hair. It was silly, he knew, to be so impatient; he reminded himself that he was lucky to be alive, even, and that he’d have all of his life back, all of
“Maybe an extra blanket, too,” Sherlock went on, eyeing the window that was slightly ajar and letting in a cool draft. He crossed the room briefly and shut it, then headed for the door again. “Can’t have you catching cold, now, can we?”
John didn’t understand a word, but he recognized its tone as a lighthearted jab. He smirked back, shaking his head slowly as he hurried along through the traffic.
“Not yet.” But he shrugged, looking disaffected. “But then, there’s always the end-of-term concert for that, isn’t there?
He made himself concentrate on his breathing; deeply, slowly, not letting panic steal it away from him again.
“I just want you for my own.” John pulled the microphone off the stand and swaggered over to centre stage. “More than you will ever know.”
“Oh, you know, fine.” Sherlock tried to sound sincere as he said it, as if the lie wasn’t costing him almost everything he still had. “Same as always. Cases. Saving the world.”
He made himself turn away from them all so he wouldn’t look for John, and listened; time slipped by quickly, as if someone had pressed fast-forward on the telly, and before Sherlock could even get his bearings the theatre had become silent, and there was a teacher on stage announcing the first performance.
“Itzhak Perlman…” John repeated, slowly. “Isn’t that the one you had a poster of in your room when you were fourteen?”
But Sherlock barely heard him, because every neuron in his brain was reserved for the feeling of John’s palm against his, his strong fingers clasping Sherlock’s.
Four and a half hours later and Sherlock was up to his knees in police reports and murder files, papers flying haphazardly around the table as he worked through Sokolov’s most likely method of attack, when he was granted a blessed reprieve at the sound of the lift doors sliding open.
Sherlock turned around, one hand on the doorframe, his eyes searching John’s. “Was there something else?”
He extended his hand. The motion felt wrong, cruelly inadequate. But Sherlock reached out and grasped it all the same.
“Sorry, I’m sorry.” Sherlock reached up to cradle John’s skull, like he was trying to shield him from further harm.
“Alright, then,” the woman said, looking a bit relieved. She quickly took their names, then grabbed a key off the wall behind her. “Do you have any bags?”
The car slowed, then stopped. Someone outside hurried around to open the door for him. Sherlock stepped out.
John didn’t know what was going on, but he didn’t like seeing him like this. He bit his lip, cast his mind around for something, but sure enough came up empty. After all, what could he possibly say?
The weekend passed, and the snow melted down to a slush before Lestrade called them on Tuesday morning with a promising eight. Sherlock and John spent the next several days hunting down leads, culminating in quite an exciting chase along the muddy banks of the Thames in the chilly December draft, but they were both smiling triumphantly in Lestrade’s office by the end of the week, windswept and muddy though they were, as John slammed a rusty old revolver in an evidence bag down on his desk.
His knuckles were white against the sink – he relaxed them enough to realize that he was shivering, although he couldn’t feel it. He turned the water off and watched the stray droplets run down the basin.
Harry sat on the low sofa in the lounge, arms crossed over her chest. She was in her pyjamas. A couple other people were shambling around in the hallways beyond, but not many. It was late.
He brushed one last time over the very centre of him before drawing his fingers out, and was prompt in reaching for the lube again. John watched his eyes fall closed as he gave himself a few indulgent strokes, slicking himself well thorough; the last lingering bit of caution.
seem to mirror his interest, but John couldn’t be sure – but he knew he’d regret it if he didn’t even try.
John sighed a bit, swallowing down the fondness that surged up without warning in his throat. He reached between them to give Sherlock’s leg an affectionate squeeze.
“Over here,” Sherlock called out to him in a whisper. John’s eyes locked onto the chair and he crossed the space in two strides and crouched down beside Sherlock. He held his gun with both hands.
“Will you–?” he began, but Sherlock had read his mind again and was already sitting down next to him, and with an arm wrapped around his shoulders pulled John in to rest against his side.
“He’ll be alright, I’m sure.” She was clearly going for her usual upbeat optimism, but the smallness of her voice betrayed her. “Medicine these days can fix up just about anyone. There’s no need to worry. ”
Thankfully, Sherlock seemed to snap back to himself after a moment, and smiled at John as he circled the desk. He began loading his arms up with the mugs John had carelessly pushed to the side as the tea left in them grew cold.
Sherlock’s rumbling chuckle flowed through John’s body, warm and husky and smooth. He bent down and pressed a kiss to the area.
Sherlock couldn’t explain why his heart felt like it was sinking slightly in his chest as he sat down on the bench next to John, still facing away.
him smashed down all of John’s defenses. How was he supposed to do anything about it when he got weak in the knees whenever they were in a room together?
It was more than reassurance; it was a promise, and it coursed like sunlight through Sherlock’s veins. “I know,
“Did he really?” John said softly against his temple. “Well, I’ll have to write to him sometime and say thanks.”
Sherlock watched him as he bent over the maps, pen in hand, making notations in the margins, moving certain officers here and there. He was so precise, so thorough in his consideration of every change, and Sherlock marvelled, not for the first time, at that strange sort of distant, yet heartfelt soldierly compassion that motivated his decisions. It stood so separate from Sherlock’s own calculating approach to the puzzle, but still so necessary; Sherlock’s preliminary plan was designed to catch Sokolov, but John’s input would make sure it played out with the smallest possible damage.
Sherlock panted into the side of his neck as he caught his breath. His fingers curled around John’s, gently.
, they could right it, somehow. They could set it back to normal. They could give him back his darling.
“It’s my job to worry about you.” There was a smile in Sherlock’s voice, but he was holding himself a bit more tensely than usual. It was subtle, but it was there in the way he was sitting up just a little too straight, in the gentle pattern he was tracing up John’s arm that felt a bit more anxious than absentminded.
He said nothing – just looked at him, taking in their last moment, and let whatever was written on his face be seen there.
“Mmm. Maybe.” Sherlock smiled and leaned into the kiss, lips opening warmly over John’s and pulling him firmly against himself. Sherlock’s tongue slipped tentatively past John’s lips, and they stood there for some time just exploring each other’s mouths, enjoying this small moment of peaceful solitude before they had to go out and face the world together.
“Oh?” Sherlock’s eyebrows raised, and he looked both interested and amused. “What did you say to the poor woman?”
John faltered, but bit back his words. From the sitting room, around the corner and obscured from view, Mary’s voice called out.
He said all this in one rush of breath, before he could lose his nerve. But he felt strangely light after he did. It felt…a bit of a relief, just to finally have someone else know.
“Come on, love,” John whispered imploringly. He shifted his hips to take in more, urging those long slender fingers to touch all the places within him where he’d been aching for Sherlock.
He hadn’t especially wanted to do this, but Harry had insisted, citing the importance of milestones and new chapters in life and other rubbish. He’d protested a little, stating that he didn’t want a fuss, he’d much rather just spend a quiet birthday at home with Sherlock, but she’d refused to be left out of yet another important holiday, so John had acquiesced without too much complaining. Anyway, she’d kept it relatively reasonable; just Lestrade, Stamford, Bill, a couple of his other army mates, and Mrs. Hudson, plus Harry was bringing along a new girlfriend. It could still be relatively enjoyable, as long as John didn’t think too much about why they were all there.
“Probably, yes.” Sherlock’s hand was steady, gentle as he swiped the towel along John’s skin, lightly cleaning the area around the stitches. His other hand rested on John’s hip, holding him. “It’s her way of showing she cares.”
A rough chortle burst its way out of John’s chest, and he felt a wonderful second or two of light-headed-joy – but it vanished just as quickly when Sherlock’s laughter petered out into a groan.
bad news,” Dad said. Sherlock looked up at him. There were bags underneath his eyes, but the lines around them were creased with understanding. He was running a hand through his greying hair. Sherlock knew it hadn’t been so white last year, or even a few months ago.
Her lip twitched a little at the corner, like a tiny spasm. “You look distracted.” She said it evenly, but there was an undercurrent of accusation that flowed through it.
He felt tears stinging his eyes, and didn’t bother to wipe them away. What did it matter? John couldn’t see. Wouldn’t have
“Morning,” John smiled up at him, his voice still raspy from sleep. Sherlock was looking positively angelic, surrounded by sunshine leaking in from the sitting room which brought out the lighter undertones in his curls.
He tossed that one aside. The next one was one of those Victorian scenes of a snow-covered street and an old post office, or something. The sender hadn’t written anything inside but a signature.
He clenched his jaw, but the shake of his head was slow and weary. “Don’t, Sarah, just…” he raised the phone to his ear. “Just don’t.”
“I’m glad,” Sherlock said softly, taking the box back so John could hold the chain between his fingers, letting it fall through them, cold and glimmering in the dim light of the bedroom. John turned the case over in his hands, so overwhelmed with its beauty, so touched by the gesture that he didn’t dare speak. The case was magnificent, sturdy and untarnished, the decorative swirls sweeping around the sides like tiny silver vines. John fumbled with the clasp for a moment, opened it up to see the face of it and –
He turned around, about to ask, but John was already there, ready to take him by the hand and lead him into the centre of the room.
John followed, sat, let Sherlock peel off his shirt and bandage. Took in his easy smile and bright eyes and almost made himself believe that they were genuine.
Somewhere far away he thought he heard a voice – it may have been a woman’s and it may have been speaking to him, but Sherlock’s ears felt as though they had been stuffed with cotton, and he couldn’t discern anything other than a mumble. Still, it made him recoil; his eyes opened sluggishly and he turned to make his way slowly back down the hallway, not even feeling his own footfalls against the echoing tile.
Normally, he’d have just walked in. He had a key. He stayed there often enough, when his own luxurious flat got too big and too empty for him. But not this time. It wouldn’t have been right. He owed John that much – it was Christmas, after all.
Something was wrong. John could barely understand her. Her voice was shrill and high-pitched, and she sounded like she might have been –
There was an amused crease to his brow, but his eyes were deep with emotion. Not sadness, exactly, but – understanding. Patience.
“Great, because I don’t really want to get the train back, so you don’t mind if I tag along, do you?”
He turned around to the other two, who looked crestfallen, and gave them a little nod. Carol-Anne was still leaning against the bar looking stunned, and her eyes followed him as he bent to retrieve his bag by her feet, then fled back through the door.
Sherlock gave him an amused smile, which reached his eyes and brightened his whole face. “Fair enough,” he said. “It’ll be worth it, though. I think you’ll like some of the holiday designs.”
, wanting to try this out? Was it really just to prove a point? Or was it because the idea had infected him so much it suddenly seemed like the only way he was
“They should have asked you to do this one,” John chuckled, excitement prickling in him. He waited for her to smile back.
Sherlock was looking up at him with those bright, piercing eyes that always made John lose his train of thought. John swore they had entire galaxies in them.
John placed a gentle hand on Sherlock’s forearm and stretched up to give him a kiss on the cheek, then turned and made his way towards the forensics team who were chatting in a tight group.
“Yes, he gave us a bit of a scare there for a bit,” the doctor grinned, chipper in spite of her obvious weariness. “It was a bit touch-and-go for a while, we weren’t sure…but he came through magnificently. He wasn’t going anywhere, and did he ever let us know.”
Sherlock dropped the pan into the soapy water, breathing in heavily through his nose. In the next room, Di had put on music, and a woman’s breathy, warbling voice was trickling into the kitchen – deep and mournful.
Sherlock permitted himself one more second to revel in his own admiration for this man - this beautiful, brilliant man, whose patience was unparalleled, who always understood Sherlock no matter what the situation, who had just flown across a continent because Sherlock was lonely and needed help – before he launched into the plan.
appreciate her concern on some level, but he was still in no state to handle Harry in her full capacity yet. And he
The man was already bolting for the main road; he flung the knife to the side, a shining blade blotted out with scarlet. Sherlock surged forward and fired, but only managed to graze the side of his torso before he turned the corner, wheezing, and disappeared.
He breathed in for a few seconds, held it, then exhaled. Again, in and out, trying to calm his racing heart. This was better – at least now he couldn’t see them, didn’t have to watch them swaying back and forth together, the image burning itself into his retinas –
His brain wouldn’t shut off. He couldn’t stop seeing John, projected on the insides of his eyelids, and feeling the wave of hopelessness sweep over him again. Sherlock had seen him this afternoon, standing by a bank of lockers surrounded by his throng of friends and a few doe-eyed girls, too, and he was laughing as if he didn’t have a care in the world. Sherlock had slunk past them, unseen, and felt like he’d been submerged in icy water from which he couldn’t surface.
John cried out sharply, lurching toward Sherlock and pulling him closer with the arm still wrapped around his shoulders. Sherlock grinned against his skin, sucking slightly and lapping it with his tongue, relishing the desperate sounds John was making above him. He kissed the yellowing mark he had made, and then continued his path downward, getting to work on the buttons of John’s shirt as he went. He pulled the front of it open and snaked his arms inside, hands roaming up and down the glorious planes of John’s back as he worked his lips down his chest.
It washed over him soothingly in the feeling of warm cloth against his chest, his stomach, swiping gently around his soft cock – in the warmth of a body climbing back in beside him and pulling him close, tugging the sheets up around their shoulders in a soft cocoon.
“Talk to her any?” He turned round, watching Sam beaming all the way to the sitting room as he dropped happily into a chair.
Sherlock’s breathing was ragged; John could almost see him shutting his eyes against everything, and he dragged his hand back down toward his hip, rubbing soothing circles there.
He filled John in on everything he’d found out that afternoon, trying to keep the knowing simper out of his voice. He’d find out what John was up to soon enough. Christmas
Sherlock had brought out candles, which were now burning on each of the nightstands. The lights were dimmed, and the flames gave the room a quiet, intimate glow. It was like stepping inside after a long day out in the cold, with a bright red fire in the hearth, waiting for you. Sherlock had folded the blankets back, leaving a stretch of bare sheets for John to lie on, and in his hand was a bottle of massage oil, which they’d bought on their last holiday.
The plane wasn’t full – apparently, very few people were keen to head to Milwaukee when it was ten degrees below. John stretched out in his aisle seat, enjoying the extra space.
Sherlock stared for a few more moments, then nodded once, slowly. “Good,” he said, his voice quiet, though a smile was pulling at his lips again. “Let’s check your bandage then, shall we?”
“Oooh.” The woman made a guilty sort of grimace, and sucked the air in through her teeth. “We’re actually all full for our doubles tonight, I’m so sorry.”
John chuckled softly, relief crowding away the momentary panic, and he leaned in to kiss Sherlock again, once, chastely. “You filthy man.”
“You…can’t know that.” Sherlock’s words were hoarse, bitten off. “You could still be at risk…exerting yourself too much. You…” He let out a breathy moan as John nipped gently below his ear. “You could…tear your stitches, you could –
area,” Sherlock said. His voice was dripping with a bitter sort of irony, quiet and grim. He might not have been speaking to John at all. “But surely it can’t be as complicated as an
“Mhm,” Sherlock hummed – a low rumble next to John’s ear. He wrapped his right arm around John’s chest, resting his hand on John’s left shoulder, close to their faces. As close to an embrace as he could get, from where he was standing.
It was quick and friendly, but John still jumped back in surprise. Sherlock burst into laughter beside him.
John mulled this over the next day, as he tapped slowly at his typewriter. Surely, if he went and found a book in town, he could try to learn some Portuguese? At least passable enough to communicate vaguely, for the time he had left there? But then, some nagging doubt at the back of his mind told him that that was exactly what Sherlock didn’t want. That the only reason he spoke to John at all was because it was nice to have someone listen without understanding. That Sherlock didn’t want John to know anything about him, and didn’t care to know anything about John, either. And that would make sense, too, wouldn’t it? After all, John was just the man he was cleaning up after. Why should Sherlock feel anything for him, one way or another?
“I don’t know,” Sherlock replied through his own broad grin. “I think it could be rather fun. You and I racing across the roofs of cathedrals, chasing crime lords through cobblestoned streets, public markets…”
“Hey girls,” said the newcomer, and her voice was laden with just as much sensual emphasis as her friends’.
He heard it creaking open, and he gave just the briefest of glances to see who it was – Mrs. Hudson, the housekeeper, bearing the tray.
Sherlock hardly heard what he was saying, unable to tear his eyes away from the doors’ nauseating motion, the doors that swayed tantalizingly open then slammed unforgivingly closed, the doors where a too-pale John, hooked up to tubes and machines, had disappeared from his view for maybe the last time.
had he gone and said that for? That had been an even bigger disaster than the girl he’d tried to sweet talk in the lift at school the other day.
John laughed aloud, wincing only slightly at the pang it sent through his head. Sherlock joined him, his low chuckle ringing out in counterpoint to John's higher one.
Sherlock felt panic seeping back into the centre of his chest; it swelled in volume, creeping up toward his throat, with every back-and-forth swing of the double doors where John had disappeared – where they had taken him away.
He felt the familiar rumble of guilt through him as he thought of Sarah. He was almost getting used to it by now, and wondered if it would ever go away. He’d tried so hard for her, tried so hard to be what she needed. But it had been so quick and confusing, and then she’d gotten sicker and sicker and John hadn’t even realized how much he’d fallen short until it had been too late. And now, if he was going to do that for her son, as well…
The audience applauded, and the choir began swaying even more enthusiastically, snapping their fingers in time. A girl stepped out from their ranks and up to the microphone for the first solo.
But the second he lifted it, the sheets of paper it had been resting on flew out from underneath it.
“These have just come through from the treasury,” John said, placing a bulging file on the corner of his desk. “And
Sherlock felt John’s curt nod behind him rather than saw it. His breathing was even, but heavy, as if he were trying too hard to keep it steady.
Sherlock laughed at that, and John felt relief pushing away the tension of the moment. “Actually, I did.” Sherlock grinned as he unwound the new bandage. “‘In sickness and in health,’ remember?”
It was coming from underneath the Oxford dictionary that lay spine up on the corner. John lunged for it, but Sherlock beat him to it. Their hands collided, and Sherlock’s long fingers pulled the book away, grabbed the phone, and placed it into John’s hand.
The nights were the worst. Sherlock could have maybe endured the wild goose chase, alone, across the dismal underbelly of an unfamiliar city, if only he didn’t have to return to an empty hotel room afterwards. The room itself was nice enough – the result of Mycroft’s placating efforts – but the lack of John in it made the unassuming grey walls and the pleasantly average artwork feel dreary and unforgiving. The luxury of a private space in which to work and rest felt instead like a dark cavern, without even the barest sign of life to comfort him in his solitude. He dreaded nightfall, when, after a few grudging bites of sub-par room service and a chilly telephone briefing with Mycroft, Sherlock had nothing to do but crawl beneath the sheets and try to block out the silence until morning, feeling unreasonably cold and anxious in the far too large and far too empty bed.
The place was decorated with symbols of various local sports teams, and strands of tinsel had been hung up all around the walls. A pool table sat in the corner, with a few people clustered around it.
“Then let it,” Sherlock had said in an unaffected voice, making John turn towards him with a sharp crease in his brow. “At least I won’t go down grovelling. Besides, this is the only way we have a chance in hell, and you know it.”
“Well, we’ll have to get cozy,” John said, eying the bed – less than half as wide as their bed at home.
“Sherlock.” The assistant director was making his way over to them. “Could you take your shirt off this time? Lighting and camera need to know when we’re going to see the nipples, and when we’re not.”
But Sherlock was rolling his eyes again, and all the amusement had gone out of his face. Now he just looked irritated.
The dark mass in Sherlock’s chest gave a flash of irritation, and his head snapped up, but before he could say anything, Lestrade appeared at his side again.
“Perfect, alright, keep that going!” The director was shouting out. The set was bustling today, all hands on deck to get everything done on time.
John made an attempt to grin in return. He sank a bit more heavily onto the pillows, never taking his eyes off Sherlock.
John’s question snapped Sherlock back into their dark reality. Right. Case first. Sentiment later. “Yes, she should be.” He curled his other hand around the one still clutching his gun, leveling the handle against his chest and shifting to give himself a direct line of sight to the kitchen door.
John was standing upright in the middle of the room. Sherlock was on his knees in front of him, bobbing his head back and forth in a routine motion. It was a stupid shot, John knew, not in the least because if Sherlock was actually doing what he was simulating there was no way John would have been able to stand at all, but the film was the farthest thing from his mind right now.
His hands explored the strong planes of his back, down to the dip at the base of his spine, his smooth skin like silk against John’s fingers, his breath warm and sweet against John’s lips, the curve of his arse deliciously firm as John let his touch drift down towards it –
“You disappeared,” he said again, and now his voice was breaking. “I didn’t know – I couldn’t reach you…”
John swallowed, hard. The thought sank through him, slowly, and he let it give him a second or two of respite as it passed by.
you do.” His voice was hoarse, breaking with tenderness, and his hands smoothed over John’s skin, coaxing him into stillness, bringing him back.
The sensation made a heavy weight rise up in John’s throat; it was everything he could do to swallow it back down again.
His eyes widened with surprise – Sherlock couldn’t help but feel a pang at the way it brightened up his entire face – and he opened his mouth to speak, but Sherlock quickly put a finger to his own lips, signalling for quiet.
John held on tight, whispering and promising and beaming into their kisses, feeling the future stretch out before him like the shining path home, kindled by the light of his north star.
He was tired in a good way by the time they were finished, feeling like he’d done something monumental despite the simplicity of the crime scene. His head felt clearer than it had done in days, and it was absolutely worth the soreness in his side that flared up again after he’d turned around too fast to watch Sherlock deduce the thief for the attending officers. They’d left quickly after that, Sherlock passing him an extra dose of painkillers as they got in a cab back to Baker Street, but John felt satisfied knowing that this had put them both a bit more at ease than they’d been all week.
Sherlock clung to him desperately, wrapping both his arms around his shoulders and holding him in place, kissing him with deep shuddering gasps. John’s lips were gentle and slow, his mouth opening warmly and readily over Sherlock’s, balancing out Sherlock’s franticness with quiet reassurance. The hand that had been stroking through his curls came forward to thumb tenderly at Sherlock’s cheek, and John started with a sharp breath when he found tears there. He leaned forward and kissed them away, first one side, then the other, and then gathered Sherlock close and pressed a hard, closed-mouth kiss to the base of his hair.
Sherlock didn’t answer right away. John knew he was still thinking about the exam from this morning, and waited patiently. After a moment or two, Sherlock turned slowly away from the window where he was watching the city pass by, and fixed him with a bored sort of look.
Harry had just left. She’d come to give some emotional support, or her version of it, anyway. The best she could really do was bring by some biscuits, pat his shoulder a bit and say, “it was always going to be a totally shit time”.
“Oh, it’s alright,” Sherlock chuckled. “You could have said ‘fuck’, and then we’d have been in real trouble.”
“Oh, Sherlock, Sherlock…” John’s eyes shone brightly, and he pulled him back in for another bruising kiss. “I’m here, I’m here love, I’ll always be here.”
They hoisted it onto their shoulders, him and the five other pallbearers, and moved off down the aisle. John was in the front, and set his jaw firm, marching onward, steady and straight-backed. The last thing he could try to do properly for her. This was one he couldn’t fail.
“It was just –” Sherlock was still reeling, his eyes downcast, and he wheezed out a single, humourless laugh. “She seemed so keen on you.”
“Why don’t you go take a shower,” Sherlock muttered, with a few quick, smaller kisses. “Loosen up your shoulder, and I’ll get everything ready?”
He’d really thought, for one amazing, wild moment, that John was singing to him – that somehow, against all the odds, John had secretly been carrying a torch for him too, and he was going to use this song as his chance to finally tell him –
“You’ll see,” he said, simply. “I’ll come back with a throng of models with me. Then you won’t be laughing.”
“And I just want you to know, it’s gonna be just the same as it was before.” John’s eyes were bright now, with something Sherlock couldn’t quite place. An invitation? A plea? Sherlock was afraid to guess, knowing his judgement was clouded.
record I’ve heard this century!... oh, and coincidentally, I believe Sherlock will be a guest on Mike’s show in a few minute’s time.”
,” John said quickly, raising his hands. “We could just, maybe, go see something Christmassy, or – something…”
“Look, Sherlock, John’s a fighter, alright?” Lestrade pulled the conversation back to safer ground. “You know him – tough as nails, your John Watson.” His attempt at a reassuring smile grated harshly through his words. “No thug with a knife is gonna be able to take him down if he has anything to say about it.”
“I do.” Sherlock nodded. His hands were settled on John’s shoulders, a firm and comforting grip. “But I also know that it’s worth it.”
As the solo quietened down to the last riff, Sherlock looked over at John, leaning against the monitor to the left of the audience. His arms were crossed, his shoulders relaxed, and he didn’t look remotely stressed or tired.
His voice was suddenly quick and desperate, and Sherlock couldn’t take it anymore. He looked up into John’s eyes, and nearly flinched at how flayed open he looked.
With some effort, Sherlock swallowed down his building sobs and forced his breath to level out. Excess tears leaked from under his eyelids, and he pressed a hard kiss to John’s neck with trembling lips.
. He seemed to know absolutely everything about subjects that interested him, and he saw the world in ways John had never even considered. He was unique, and he was unfairly beautiful, and John grew more entranced with each day.
“Well,” he gestured toward the conference room, his voice resolutely stiff. “You may as well come have a look.”
“No, you’ll be quicker,” John said a bit reluctantly; tempting as it was to ask him to stay, the ache was growing harder to ignore. He leaned forward where he sat, meeting Sherlock halfway for a brief kiss. “Go.”
“I thought I might be able swap it for the chips?” There was a playful grin on John’s face now, and Sherlock couldn’t look at him directly.
Sherlock stared at Magnussen, wanting to stride forward and punch that suggestively smug expression off his face.
“Well, this must be a very exciting moment for you, fighting for the Christmas number one!” said Jonathan Ross, a week later. “How’s it looking so far?”
He answered, and lifted the phone to his ear. “Hey, Harry,” he said, forcing a smile into his voice. “Go on, I’m listening.”
Sherlock stepped in front of his podium, next to the large Union Jack positioned beside it, and gestured graciously for Magnussen to join him at the one beside him.
–” And John’s voice was breaking too, even as he stroked his hands down Sherlock’s back in a slow, soothing pattern. “I would
at this devastatingly handsome man without saying anything for several seconds, and forced himself back into the present, clearing his throat.
Time seemed to grind to a halt as he stood there, bathed in sunlight, his back muscles rippling, his strong arms stretching out. John’s eyes travelled slowly up that long neck, to the errant curl at his nape, to his crown of black hair catching each beam of light. His face was set with determination, his perfect lips quirked up, his eyes reflecting back the green and gold pond and making it shine brighter. More magnificent.
He couldn’t…he shouldn’t be letting this happen. It would only be even more unbearable once John ran back into that flat, to his wife…
“You’re going to be alright.” Sherlock swept his fingers tenderly over John’s. “The doctors say you’ll recover quickly as long as you take it easy for a while. They’ll likely keep you in for a week or so, and then you can come home and we’ll stay off cases until you’re better. You’ll be back on your feet in no time, you’ll see.”
“Very bad indeed,” Sherlock said nonchalantly, as he lounged on the sofa with his hands folded behind his head. “Blue Carbuncle are outselling me five to one, but I’m hoping for a late surge.”
John leaned back on his ankles, and Sherlock dropped his hands from John’s body. He was still straddling his lap, and Sherlock was looking all around the room, uncomfortably.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed in surprise. He looked up at John who was shooting him a very exasperated “
“You make me so happy.” John could hear the sleep creeping into his voice. He hoped he wasn’t mumbling too much – he needed Sherlock to know.
A few quiet bites later, and John finally put down his fork with something that sounded like a sigh.
“What’s going on? Is there any news?” Molly pulled back to look Sherlock in the face. Lines worried the centre of her brow, and the vaguest hint of red showed around her eyes.
John’s laughter petered out; he rubbed his thumb tenderly over Sherlock’s fingers where they held him.
“Though that artwork was pretty awful.” Sherlock unbuttoned his cuffs and slipped his shirt off his shoulders, then undid his flies
“When she first mentioned what’s about to happen,” John’s voice was starting to waver. “I said ‘over my dead body.’ And she said, ‘no, John, over mine.’ And, as usual…she was right.”
He sucked a deep, tremulous breath in, and expelled it, slowly. Everything felt unreal all of a sudden, like those words had flipped the world on its axis, and now he was dangling off from his old life and about to fall away into the unknown.
John moved to the other side of the room, unlatched the French doors that led to the acreage out back, and pushed them wide. Sunlight flooded the shadowed room. From here, John could see all the wide space laid out before him – the narrow porch, the path down to the little pond, the trees dotting the surrounding grassy field and growing thicker to form the woods beyond.
And whatever it had been, whether Magnussen had been harassing John or John had been flirting back, whatever it was…John didn’t want anything to do with Sherlock anymore.
Sherlock shook his head, a hard, determined edge suddenly lining his brow. “I won’t hurt you, John.”
“Excellent,” he replied, smiling back. “Well, I should be easier than the last lot, anyway. No late-night tirades. No storming out of the Union in a huff.”
“I was going to wait to give this to you, but with the way you look right now, I think you need to have it.”
He’d reached number 100, and was staring to lose hope. Did John really even live in Wandsworth? Had he moved since he’d last seen him? Had he seen Sherlock coming from the window and told his family to say he wasn’t home?
He was focusing quite intently on folding his trousers, but out of the corner of his eye he could see John glance up at him.
come with me,” Sherlock said. He dipped his head to smear his lips along John’s jaw, teeth grazing the skin just below his ear. “Come on.”
“Alright.” Sherlock paused for a moment, then stood up stiffly. “I’ll get some to keep by the bedside, just in case.”
John stood facing the altar, staring straight ahead. His vest and tailcoat looked stunning on him. Not that he needed the help. Sherlock was standing next him, his suit identical, staring in the same direction, trying not to look at how John’s hair caught the light shining through the stained-glass window.
, he’s hardly qualified to get you better. What if he buggers something up and you can’t fix it, or something goes wrong and he’s not here? It’s not like he can wait on you every minute of the day, and he can’t really be doing it
John’s laughter broke the moment, ringing out in the quiet. Sherlock had known it would. He’d picked the photo from a cold case file, knowing it would make John laugh.
” Sherlock’s reply was cut off by John nipping at the hinge of his jaw, sweet pain fuelling his desire and making him grip John even tighter.
His knees were starting to give out, but Sherlock was backing him closer to the bed, so he let him. When his legs hit the mattress, he swivelled them around so Sherlock sat back onto it, and John could swing a leg over and straddle both of his, never once letting go of the tight hold he had on Sherlock’s torso.
They kissed slowly, languidly, neither of them knew how long, blissed out and comfortable, their heads perfectly clear, with nowhere to go nor anything better to do. Sherlock would have been content to stay like this all night, kissing a warm, sated John until the sun arose over the glass-panelled buildings outside. But their movements were growing slower, their kisses longer and lazier, and Sherlock could feel fatigue creeping into the slump of John’s shoulders just as surely as he felt his own eyelids grow heavy. Still, he held John close for as long as he could, touching as much of him as he could reach, letting the moment stretch on, sweet and perfect, for as long as it would last.
After a few seconds, John opened his eyes. Sherlock’s were just inches away, blazing with something deep and visceral, fierce and silent.
He broke off from John’s lips and began kissing a line along John’s jaw and down to his neck. John moaned breathily and leaned his head back, giving him more room, and Sherlock took the invitation gladly. He paid special attention to the space between his collarbones, nipping at it lightly with his teeth, making John gasp and reach a hand up to thread his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, cradling his head against him like something precious. Sherlock continued his path, pushing back the collar of John’s shirt with his hands and kissing up his left collarbone, finding the perfect place at the base of his neck and biting gently.
Sherlock let out a moan of his own, and reached down to tug at John’s pants. John lifted his hips, and Sherlock shucked them off in one fluid motion. Then he settled back down over him, the weight of him pressing John into the mattress, and slowly rutted their bare cocks together.
“Yes, John, still,” she replied, and John thought he detected a note of exasperation in her voice. “It’s not something you just let go of when you know everything’s going to be alright.”
Sherlock’s arms wrapped around him, and John slotted into the shape of his body, his head on Sherlock’s chest. It was pure comfort, all soft warmth and familiar sweetness. He was made to fit here, with Sherlock holding him close.
“That’s right,” Dad said, nodding. “George Michael definitely got laid at least once. For God’s sake, Freddie Mercury could have had the whole
John hitched a leg higher and rocked with him, feeling pressure build up second by lingering second, and it was pure, slowly-mounting bliss. John’s mind had emptied itself of everything but Sherlock, his kiss-swollen lips and soothing hands and the perfect, luxurious roll of his hips that sent white-hot sparks tingling up to John’s scalp. It was everything John needed, slow and intimate and profound, and the minutes seemed to stretch out into hours, John’s head whirling with ecstasy, as Sherlock moved within him and took him apart piece by enraptured piece.
“We’ll just have to go slow then, won’t we?” John smoothed a hand up Sherlock’s side, loving the familiar way he shivered under his touch.
– Sherlock’s hands were lithe and dextrous, and they searched every muscle for knots, any hint of stiffness. They rubbed long passes all along the length of his back, then slowly worked from the top of his neck downward. They dug in everywhere, leaving no part of him unattended to.
“He is, isn’t he?” Sherlock’s eyes were roving casually around the back wall, lost in thought. “I can’t understand why he’s not married.”
He hadn’t even realized that they were both hard, their cocks flush against each other through far too many layers of fabric.  Sherlock slid a hand down John’s back to grip his arse, causing him to rut once against Sherlock’s thigh and break off their kiss with a gasp.
John was nodding on Lestrade’s other side, one foot on the bottom stair, looking at Sherlock with something like an apology in his eyes.
“Marsehla…” he trailed off a bit. He seemed a bit distracted. “É pequeno demais, às vezes.” His arms were folded, his fingers tapping out an agitated rhythm against his forearm. “Às vezes eu só preciso sentir que o mundo é maior. Como aqui.”
He can’t tell who moves first, because all that matters is that the next moment he’s holding John against his chest, gripping desperately at his soaked jacket as John buries his face in Sherlock’s neck.
Still, he pushed past the sensation – filing it away for later when he could kiss that look right off of John’s face – and pointed to Orlova’s building on the centre of the map. “This is where you come in.”
John hummed, contentedly. He let Sherlock’s legs slot between his, and he could feel him all along his body, now. Sherlock, not breaking the kiss, shifted his hips a little to pull him closer still, and John felt his cock, half-hard, press up against his.
Sherlock froze for a fraction of a second – the pit in his stomach swelled at the nervousness that had crept back into John’s tone, and he desperately hoped he wasn’t about to apologize for it again.
3. “Marseilles…It’s too small, sometimes. Sometimes I just need to feel like the world is bigger. Like the way it is here.”
“Never,” John shot back, and a satisfied grin was creeping up onto his face. “I’m John Watson, God of Sex! I’m just on the wrong continent, that’s all.”
“I mean –” John looked briefly up into Sherlock’s eyes, wide with something like pity. “What we did last night – well, it was…”
, and he still craved more, still wanted more of that touch that was taking him apart so completely.
“We came as soon as we heard,” Lestrade said, rasping and urgent. He sat down in the chair next to Sherlock’s and put his arm around his shoulders.
“We saw enough,” John cut across him. “Greg, there’s no way it’s the neighbour, it’s got Curtis’s fingerprints all over it – not literally,” he added quickly, as Lestrade had looked momentarily hopeful. “But we know it’s him, Sherlock figured it out days ago.”
“Exactly,” John said, thrilled he’d got it. “Those Wisconsin girls won’t know what’s coming for them.”
Sherlock gasped aloud, the sound muffled by his hand, and the ringing in his ears subsided just enough to allow him back to earth.
“Sure, if you’re offering,” John answered him. A huge, fond smile had pushed its way up onto John’s face. God, this man, this
“You’re sure it’s her?” John was skimming over accounts of the previous cases she’d been involved in with no small amount of disgust.
“That first night – our first case.” Sherlock could feel his own eyes filling now. “I’ve loved you ever since.”
“Thank you again. You gentlemen be careful out there, it is a dangerous city at night.” The DI attempted a half-hearted laugh, but it came out sounding rather pathetic.
He signed his name, over and over. Papers were sprawled out all over the table, the stack still to be signed piled up on the next chair over. It never seemed to end.
John felt it too, Sherlock could tell. He glanced backward at Sherlock, and looked like he was breathing a bit more heavily than normal. Sherlock certainly was.
His voice was quiet, but he was surprised at how even it was. His hands weren’t even shaking as he hung his coat up on the rack.
When he turned around, all four of them were on their feet, looking fearfully expectant. Molly was wringing her hands together in front of her chest, and even Mycroft betrayed his worry in the twitch of his brow.
John shook his head – they hadn’t planned on an overnight trip. She nodded, and led them down a narrow hallway to a room with a green wooden door, told them what time breakfast would be served, and wished them goodnight, with hospitality far cheerier than what they were in the mood for.
John pulled back and looked up into Sherlock’s eyes, looking for that hesitation there too, crinkling his forehead a bit when he found none.
Sherlock turned around, hands safely in his pockets so he wouldn’t feel compelled to bridge the distance between them. John was smiling, still, though there was something earnest in his eyes that made Sherlock soften – made the darkness in his chest shrink down to something safe.
Sherlock kept his eyes shut and waited, but Mycroft didn’t move or speak. Off to the side, Molly, Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson were still rattling on faintly. The clock was still ticking.
John couldn’t bear how he was looking at him, with a mixture of shock, incomprehension, and hurt in his face. He had to move away.
John scowled a bit as he drifted towards consciousness. He knew he shouldn't complain; he'd been a quarter of an inch of that knife away from not being here at all. Still, doctors do always make the worst patients, John thought dimly.
This year, the office Christmas party was being held in the ballroom of an upscale hotel in Chelsea. They had done it up rather nicely, too, with a tall Christmas tree in the corner and the lights dimmed into low reds and blues which shone off the tinsel strung around all the tables. John had been wary of coming – he had his mobile in the inside breast pocket of his jacket, so he would definitely feel it if it went off – but he’d been so desperate for a night out he’d just thrown caution to the wind. His suit was older than he’d have liked, but it was the best one he owned, and the champagne clasped in his hand was making him feel much less self-conscious about it.
He regretted it as soon as he said it – a shadow passed over Sherlock’s face, brief but unmistakable, and John knew he saw him swallow down a lump in his throat before he could recover his features into a smirk. His eyes brightened as he chuckled low and rumbling in his chest, but there was something hollow about it, definitely, some part of that shadow that lingered even as Sherlock pushed it away.
He waited for John to speak, resisting the overwhelming need to look over at him, search his face, find out
Watching him as he worked, so precisely, so deliberately, made a pool of misery well up in his stomach. All he had to do was type out a few more pages, and then he’d leave. Sherlock would go back to Marseilles, and he’d never see him again, never have a proper conversation with him at all.
Even in this state, even after he’d rushed over here from the party, Sherlock was momentarily at a loss for what to say.
John turned back to her, scowling. She wasn’t supposed to hear that. He picked up a file folder from his desk and thwacked her on the arm with it. She batted him back with the leaflet she was holding.
He twisted his wrist, and they moaned again. Sherlock kissed him again, sloppier now, mouth wide, breathing hot and wet onto his face.
Slowly, Sherlock blinked open his eyes, and the John that appeared looked younger than Sherlock had ever known him – lines smoothed out, lips upturned and parted, eyes sparkling with joy and wonder that made the breath leave Sherlock’s lungs in a low rush.
“Sorry, guys.” The AD had burst back onto the set. “Time’s pretty tight, and we have to get the actors in.”
“Sherlock, time for dinner!” Dad yelled through the door to his bedroom one night when he was on one of his practicing sprees.
Sherlock could hear his blood pounding in his eardrums. He clenched his hands in his lap, then folded them across his chest, fiddled with the buttons on his coat, smoothed away the dust from the windowsill. He couldn’t seem to find a comfortable place for them, or keep them still long enough in any one position. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the fingers on John’s hands – John’s beautiful, strong, nimble hands – drumming out patterns on the seat between them. Out of necessity, he laced his own fingers together and clenched them, needing to physically stop himself from pulling John towards him by the hand to snog him right in the back of this bloody cab.
They flopped backwards onto the sofa, and Sam wormed his way out of John’s grip, gasping and sniggering.
“Just…go on and have a good time, alright?” John was trying to smile, but there was no life in it; it only etched the lines around his mouth darker than before. “I’ll see you later.”
“Ah, Mr. Holmes,” the secretary said as soon as Sherlock came up to the desk. She was wearing a disconcertingly pleasant smile.
The minutes stretched on, and eventually Sherlock stood up, shrugging his jacket back on, then his long coat. John’s gaze darted back to his computer and he pretended to be concentrating hard. Sherlock slung his bag over his shoulder, then flicked his light off, dimming him to just an outline in the shadow. He stepped out.
His eyes flickered to Mycroft’s hand, and then back up to his face as his voice escaped him in a whisper.
The hall beyond was filled with gleaming whitewashed tile and grand oil paintings of long-haired, long-robed men lining the walls. Half a dozen well-dressed officials stood stiff and straight, like soldiers at attention. And in the middle of them, wearing his usual three-piece suit and satisfied half-smirk, was Mycroft.
Their faces were inches apart. John’s fathomless, unbelieving eyes were raking up and down Sherlock’s face. Sherlock could have counted every line and wrinkle that straggled across his skin, wanting to reach out and run a gentle finger over each one of them…
“Okay,” Sherlock whispered, breaking off the kiss for just a moment to breathe deeply in the space between them, nodding once. “Okay.”
Mycroft seemed to clear his throat suddenly and harshly, and Sherlock knew he was biting back a chortle.
” Sherlock rasped out. He wrenched open his eyes to search Molly’s unsure face. “Tell me about the children?”
, he was sure it would kill him. “Please, just…tell me what we’re supposed to do now, because I truly have no –”
He made it exactly five steps away from the front door, before he paused, turned around and took two steps back toward it – then stopped again, strode away, then back, then finally, staring at the brass knocker underneath the gleaming
Sherlock held him there for a moment; his nose was pressed lightly into John’s hair, breathing him in. “I should start on dinner.”
Minutes passed, the two of them doing their best to breathe quietly in the silent space. Sherlock never took his eyes off the door, but he could sense John’s presence behind him nonetheless, that silver blond hair tinted with moonlight, the firm muscles of his back and arms pulled taut as he lifted his weapon, his callused fingers settled lightly and precisely on the trigger. He didn’t need to see him to picture it, so familiar was he with John’s movements, his calm, soldierly demeanor. He knew exactly how John’s right hand would fit into his left as he gripped his gun, the rate of the heavy rise and fall of his chest, the precise shade of gray-blue his eyes would be shining in this meager light. And this knowledge made it almost impossible for Sherlock not to turn around and see them for himself.
“Alright,” John said excitedly once they were out in the corridor, reaching down to squeeze Sherlock’s hand. “Ready to play the game?”
There were several whoops of approval. Sherlock hitched his jacket up a bit and gyrated his hips a few inches, putting on a bit of a show, and the crowd cheered louder. He thought he heard a familiar voice in amongst the appreciative shouts, but it was quickly obscured by applause.
It was open to his text thread with Harry. The last message received was a picture of her in her bathroom mirror, wearing a begrudging smirk. Around her neck, there was a heavy, gold, heart-shaped necklace, with a single ruby set in near the bottom. Underneath, there was a caption that read
“Do.” Sherlock beamed back. “The SAS are absolutely charming. Ruthless trained killers, just a phone call away.”
The nursed finished with the bag and nodded at them as she backed out of the room; she closed the door behind her as she left.
When his eyes opened again, there were depths in them that John had never seen, depths that he couldn’t even begin to wade through. Sherlock sucked in another harsh breath and exhaled it, lowly.
John bowed low, beaming down at his admirers all around the hall. The choir joined hands and bowed too, the musicians standing up to join them.
, there was a knock on the door that startled them both back to full consciousness, and then Sherlock was scrambling to gather up his clothes while John desperately searched for a pair of pants and a dressing gown.
John set off again without a second look at them. It didn’t bother him much anymore, the fact that they were all intimidated by him. Even though for so long it had been his goal to teach through understanding and care, and he’d mostly succeeded up until the last term or two. He just didn’t have the patience, these days. There just wasn’t room.
He’d stepped back to get a better view of the Wall, and had only just noticed that John wasn’t in the room with him. Sherlock blinked around, puzzled – John’s coat was by the door and he’d texted just an hour ago to say he was back home – but a second or two later and Sherlock heard familiar footsteps coming down the stairs from the second floor.
“Now here’s one for the lovers,” he crooned into it. His voice was breathy, and very much failing at smooth and sexy quality he was clearly aiming for. “There’s quite a few of you out there tonight, I shouldn’t be surprised.”
There was something in the way she said it, something proud and determined, as if her job were the most important one in the British government. And somehow Sherlock knew she was right.
She’d delivered the question so suddenly and unaffectedly that it took a second for her words to register in Sherlock’s brain.
Sarah raised an eyebrow. “Invite him out for a drink, then, after about twenty minutes, casually drop into the conversation the fact that you’d like to marry him and have lots and lots of sex?”
“Okay, yeah, that didn’t actually seem to bother her at first.” John grimaced slightly at the memory. “But I kept telling her that nothing was gonna happen, and if she kept trying to
Sherlock’s hands were buried in his pockets, his body still. But he gave a miniscule huff of his own, and it made John look back up at him.
He awoke with a start in the darkness when bile began to rise up in his throat, and threw himself out of bed groaning, his body straining at the wound. He just barely made it to the toilet before he began to heave, his insides screaming in pain as his stomach emptied itself of its meager, watery contents.
John leaned in to rest his cheek on Sherlock’s shoulder, and Sherlock kissed the crown of his head. He reached out a hand and stroked through the hair at the base of his neck, tender, and familiar.
The music was gliding over them, soft and familiar, and it made the room feel warmer, the fire brighter, John’s lips sweeter. Or, maybe that was just John. Probably it was. All their years married, and Sherlock had yet to find a single beautiful thing that John couldn’t make better by being there to share it with him.
Mycroft’s expression was more exposed than Sherlock had ever seen it. Worry, sympathy, compassion melded together into something so earnest, Sherlock almost didn’t recognize it on him.
Instinctively looking toward John as he paused for breath, Sherlock’s heart positively leapt at the sight of John smiling that familiar crooked smile, and gazing down at the pictures with something like wonder.
She looked back at him, with a guarded expression. John picked up a lump of the pâté and popped it into his mouth.
,” John said with fervour. Only once the words were out of his mouth did he realize how smitten they sounded, but Sherlock looked pleased to hear them.
John tapped away at his keyboard, listening to the sounds of Sherlock puttering around the sitting room.
” Dad exclaimed spreading his arms and punctuating his words with enthusiastic gestures. Sherlock felt his heart kick up in his chest. This could
With a monstrous effort, he pulled open his eyes. Sherlock’s were looking back at him, dark and deep, pupils blown wide. They made John feel almost dizzy.
Sherlock waited until his footsteps had receded before opening his eyes. His own gulping breaths were all he could hear, drowning out all the chaos and bustle of the A&E.
“Well, that was…an interesting day,” Sherlock said, once the two of them had retired to the sitting room just down the hall from his office.
Sherlock gave him a grin in return. His head was whirling a bit faster than, by all accounts, it should have been – but he shook it away and fell easily into step beside John.
“Knocks off the king when there are no pawns left to defend him, yes.” Sherlock’s mind was rapidly speeding up, the spacecraft on the launch pad, firing on all cylinders.
“Well,” Sherlock murmured back, casting his eyes down sheepishly. “You know what they say about fame breeding idiocy.”
John cast his eyes down, his head spinning, leaping back to all those moments of uncertainty he’d caught in Sherlock’s eyes, back to that hospital bed where they’d fallen apart together and held each other through what had almost happened, back to a different hospital room and a different ambulance years ago where a monitor had nearly flatlined and John’s heart had shattered as he’d whispered
“Shhh, it’s alright. We’re alright. ” John pushed a gentle hand back through Sherlock’s hair. “You won’t have to find out.”
“We don’t have to, I’m not really tired yet,” John said, though his words were undermined by his face splitting into a wide yawn at that exact moment. He scowled, knowing Sherlock had heard.
She laughed, properly and without shame. Mycroft looked uncomfortable and directed Sherlock to the last person in the line.
Sherlock sank deeper into John; their chests were pressed together, heartbeats almost synchronized. John pulled him close by his grip around his hips, and suddenly Sherlock’s cock was pressing insistently on the inside of John’s thigh, hot and full through the layers of remaining fabric, and John let out a deep moan from the centre of his chest, the low coil of arousal in his abdomen flaring up, demanding
“I love you, John,” Sherlock breathed back, his lips pressing softly against John’s chest, an arm wrapping securely around his back.
She was hurrying toward him, more quickly than he’d ever seen her move. Lestrade was right behind her.
.” Sherlock’s eyes snapped open again. He needed to make John understand; he pushed his hand up to brush over his brow, needing to make him
Dad swivelled around in his chair. He hadn’t even dressed for bed yet; he was wearing an old beige cardigan, and his glasses were perched on his nose, the chain attached to them running along his collar.
“I’d advise you to avoid the spring rolls, though,” Sherlock said. His curls were looking particularly beautiful tonight, falling around his face like a halo. His suit was sleek and flattering, and John ducked his head to hide the way his cheeks were flushing.
“Merry Christmas,” Sherlock replied, softly, gazing down at him with fondness pouring out of him like the sun.
“I’m sorry, sir. I know this is difficult.” The man’s voice was more even now, and despite the underlying urgency, sounded genuinely sympathetic.
And then, inch by inch, the corners of Sherlock’s lips turned up – and his face lit up with a wide, brilliant smile.
Sherlock pulled off the motorway and into the town, following the signs that indicated the way to the guesthouse. There was almost no activity on the street, and all the businesses seemed to be closed already.
Sherlock exhaled a low sigh, then opened his eyes, looking back at John with a resigned twitch of his mouth.
He let her hold him for a while, swallowing heavily and trying not to shake. He wasn’t sure if he managed it; her arms came up to pat gently between his shoulders as he fought to hold everything back.
John closed his eyes and pressed his lips together, the memory of Sherlock still etched impermeably into them.
“Is it thrilling, going after criminals like that?” She asked, her eyes brightening. “I bet it’s wonderful.” John just shrugged at this, so she pressed on. “Chases along the river, hunting people down in places full of…dark corners. For doing…dark deeds…”
“Oh,” said the man called Tony. His hands were resting on the shoulders of the young girl in front of him. “Well, maybe you should come on later, John.”
Sherlock’s fingers were now carding gently through the soft hair at the base of John’s cock. He dragged his lips down John’s cheek, stopped to place a delicate kiss on the tip of his nose, then found his mouth again, kissing softly at the top lip, then the bottom, then gently pushing back in between with a deeper, firmer caress.
John did, nodding as he reaffirmed his grip across his back and held on tight. Sherlock shifted and John cried out softly as his thrusts deepened even further, then his voice gave out into a harsh breath as he felt Sherlock’s fingers wrap around his cock once more, stroking in time with the movement of his hips
It was comforting, in its way, just hearing him there. Even doing something so mundane as sweeping, or dusting the shelves, or clearing away John’s endless mugs of tea. Just to know that there was another life in the house, someone who moved and breathed and whose heart beat under the same roof. Someone he could talk to.
“Maybe I should move out here,” John said, his voice raised loud enough for Sherlock to hear. “Just live off my army pension and write terrible books for a living.”
“I –” John said, lowly. He had to force the words out; his body was screaming at him to shut his mouth, to just ignore it.
“Right, of course not,” Sherlock smirked back. He came back into the sitting room, extended his hand to John. “Come on, old man, you’re knackered.”
John retreated instinctively into Sherlock’s side, who had wrapped an arm around his waist and was shaking with breathless giggles.
“S’alright,” Lestrade replied, though his expression was suddenly guilty. “Maybe we should talk about something else.”
The days crawled on past into weeks, horrifically slowly. It was almost a relief when Christmas Eve finally trudged in, and the prospect of a few days off lightened the weight in John’s chest a little. But only a little, because he knew he’d be spending most of them at the centre with Harry, and the rest of the time shut up in his flat, trying not to feel anything.
John stood there, still smiling, but with a tempered sort of quality. Subdued with – was it shyness?
Sherlock paused for a second. He was listening hard. The woman at the counter was now apologizing as she emptied her pockets out onto the counter.
He hugged the arm not holding the phone tightly across his chest, as if he could shrink into himself.
to see. Sherlock found himself looking all around their room, and his eyes were landing on the pictures scattered about. Their wedding photo, mounted on the wall beside the wardrobe. The looked so happy there, both ignoring the cameraman completely, so they could gaze at each other. On the dresser beside the CD player, a photo of them from last summer, on a beach in the south of France. On John’s bedside table, a more recent photo, of Sherlock beaming while John planted a kiss on his temple. That one had just been spontaneous, while they were sitting together on a park bench when out for a walk one day, but John had liked it so much he’d printed it off and framed it.
A distant part of his mind gratefully registered the sirens coming up the street behind him. He let out a final gasp, whispering constantly as he smoothed the lines of John’s brow.
“Well,” Sherlock smirked as he dropped the bandage into the bin. “I may not have your expertise, but I
“I had to.” John tried to smile as he said it, but suddenly felt his lips wobbling a bit. “You were waiting for me.”
.” John’s lips were trembling too, his eyes shining brightly as they held all of Sherlock under their spell. “I love you so much, Sherlock.”
“Mmm,” Sherlock hummed. John could hear an undercurrent of arousal in his voice too. But his was calmer. He was savoring it.
He can’t feel the crack in his voice or the tears dripping down onto John’s already-soaked skin, but he can feel the chill creeping up in his throat, ready to strangle him.
was beautiful, eyes closed as he faced out into the night, drawing out each note with gentle swipes of his bow. The music flowed through him, poured out of him with every graceful, almost sensual movement; he folded himself into it and drew himself out again, and in every touch to those delicate strings, John felt as if he were hearing the entirety of Sherlock’s soul in those notes – like he was gathering it up and releasing it for John to hold.
The backup singers were starting to look annoyed. The mixer was scowling. Sherlock sucked in a deep breath,
But no sooner had he flung it open, he jumped back in surprise – Sherlock was there on the other side of it.
“Don’t move,” Sherlock snarled in warning, raising his own weapon. The man’s gun lay at Sherlock’s feet, and he kicked it into the shadows.
Everything about this case was grating on his nerves as it was, even without Mycroft breathing down his neck about every little thing. Sherlock knew his brother was just as unhappy as he was that he’d needed to call him in for such a dangerous and inconvenient situation, but even that wasn’t enough to alleviate his frustration. Mycroft’s irritation only amplified Sherlock’s, and gave him a rather unreceptive target to lash out at. Sherlock would not soon forgive his brother for dragging him into such a mess, and in
Harry hesitated a moment, but then nodded slowly and turned back in the direction of the sitting room.
John stood, mouth hanging open. Everything he’d wanted to say had been shocked out of him by Sherlock’s reappearance.
Sherlock gave a humorless smile, and nodded. “A few years ago.” He paused, his mouth wavering a bit before he said, “Not for drinking.”
It was in one of these horrible, suffocating moments – he was in the back of a cab, staring out at the buildings as they passed by without seeing any of them – that his phone buzzed with a call for the first time since the wedding.
John looked back down, and his insides fluttered when he saw that Sherlock was smiling up at him. That bright, genuine smile, flushed with shyness, but still evidently delighted.
He was wearing one of his impeccable suits, with a deep red shirt underneath. His dark hair was catching the sunlight beaming through the office windows, making his eyes look even deeper and bluer than usual. John’s heart gave a little spasm at the sight of him.
John couldn’t help but respond, pushing his tongue between Sherlock’s lips and stroking it sweetly along Sherlock’s own, eliciting a second, deeper moan from deep in his chest and causing his knees to buckle.
“So, Sarah’s going to say her final farewell to you, not through me…” He paused, fighting the urge to shake his head at the unreality of it all. “But through the immortal genius of the Bay City Rollers.”
John stood completely still, watching him take a tentative step inside. He still had on that same, unsure smile, like was as shocked by this as John was. Like he couldn’t believe how lucky he suddenly found himself.
“So what do you say?” John asked, feeling a smaller, watery smile stretch across his lips. He searched Sherlock’s gaze, bright and beautiful and infinite. “Sherlock Holmes, will you marry me?”
Sherlock was kneeling in front of him, grinning as he began to gently peel away the bandage. “I think what you were imagining would be ill-advised given your current health.”
of them together, of their love – comforted Sherlock, grounded him, slowly brought him back to himself, making him aware of their bodies, of the deep simmering heat pooled in his abdomen, of his aching cock lying pressed between them, of the line of John’s body pulled taut with careful restraint. All at once that need overpowered him again, flaring up in his chest like a match struck on tinder; John felt it too, Sherlock knew he did, and suddenly it was apparent that they had waited long enough. Sherlock slid a hand slowly downward, stroking sweetly down John’s back until it reached his arse and gripped shamelessly. John’s hips kicked forward, apparently involuntarily, sending a hot flame of pleasure licking its way up Sherlock’s spine and causing them both to break the kiss with a gasp.
Just as one of them was preparing an oxygen mask, John reached out clumsily for Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock held on tight; John’s eyes were suddenly focused.
The attendants turned towards the television screens to their left. Something was up there that had caught there attention. It looked like a breaking news story, Sherlock thought, or possibly a surprise guest on a chat show, but he didn’t have time to see for certain.
“Sorry,” the woman said again, and sounded it. “Normally we wouldn’t be, we just happen to have a few couples up for a holiday this weekend, they come every year.”
He pulled his tray out from beneath a couple who were reaching for the pâté, and set off towards her. He sidled up beside her, tray first, and put on his best flirtatious smile.
John was now standing in front of him and was looking confused at Sherlock’s sudden stillness. Sherlock sighed quietly and turned back to him, trying to convey his resignation and apology without words. John arched an eyebrow, still unsure, and Sherlock nodded fractionally toward the officers working quietly around them.
And then he was kissing him again, that quiet hunger never leaving his movements, as he gently took John’s hands and led him toward the bedroom.
of the bottle cap opening, and then Sherlock’s hands were on him again, slicked with warm oil, rubbing at the tightness in his back.
“Best not.” Sherlock sent back from the kitchen, over the sound of running water. John sighed; he’d never thought he’d yearn for the days when Sherlock neglected the washing-up for weeks at a time.
It was magnificent, and transcendent, and it was everything John could have dreamed of and more. Sherlock was warm, and smiling, and he was holding him close and delicate, like the moment was wholly sublime.
“Almost certainly. Look.” Sherlock pulled out the chair next to him and sat, pointing towards a set of pictures taken at the last crime scene. “The last victim, Andrei Orlova, had distinct bruises around his neck – obvious strangulation. Certainly a risky way to murder someone, especially a mobster who’s likely to be a worthy opponent in hand-to-hand combat, and not typically the style of a contract killer. Therefore the murderer was deeply invested in the job, and was willing to take certain risks to make sure it was done as cleanly and efficiently as possible. That indicates a personal relationship with the victim, likely a vendetta, which says not only a rival family but a particular hostility of a hated opponent. We also know that eight other members of the Orlova family have died in the past three weeks – the murderer’s picking her way through their ranks, letting them know that no one is safe. That’s not the behavior of some underling with a superficial debt to settle, that’s a commander with an endgame. Most leaders in that position would delegate jobs like that, so as to not get their hands dirty, unless the ties ran deep enough for her to trust no one but herself to get the job done. It can’t be anyone but Sokolov – she’s the only one who’s skilled enough, involved enough, and we know from all these trials that she doesn’t much mind being recognized for her dirty work.”
The woman stood up and grabbed the boy by the hand, marching him out of John’s office perhaps a bit too quickly to be dignified. There seemed to be some undercurrent of fear in her frantic movements, too.
John’s hand was beginning to warm under his touch. Sherlock held his lips to it, suddenly unable to pull away. His eyes had fallen closed.
Sherlock must have nodded – although he couldn’t feel himself making any movements – because the doctor withdrew his hand and rushed off through the doors.
“Okay.” Relief siphoned away some of the dread bottled in his chest, but it still loomed darkly over him. “I’ll talk to you later. Bye.”
Sherlock picked up his pace a little, frotting harder against him and sending jolts of pleasure all the way up John’s body. John felt heat building under his skin, waves of heat licking up his torso, down his legs, up his arms to the tips of his fingers.
Sherlock looked John up and down for a moment, considering, then nodded. “I’ll ring the hospital and get a new prescription. The chemists will be open – will you be alright if I go now?”
. He’d never been this comfortable with anyone he’d ever worked with. They talked about anything and everything, down to the most mundane things that no one else would have ever wanted to listen to. But Sherlock seemed to hang off John’s every word, like he was enjoying himself just as much. And Sherlock himself was
But John’s eyes were still on him, softer now. Looking curious. And maybe, if Sherlock wasn’t imagining it, hopeful?
Sherlock’s breath came a little heavier, John was sure, and his grip on John’s shoulders tightened. “Of course.”
John’s mouth fell slowly closed as he watched the shot. He seemed to be exhaling a long, silent breath.
“Really?” John pulled back to look at Sherlock, the corners of his eyes crinkling with laughter and no small amount of affection, radiating out of him as if he were simply unable to contain it. “You wouldn’t mind being away from home?”
“Oh, yeah,” he let out, in a low whisper. Sherlock’s hands were warm on his shoulders as he lovingly worked down towards John’s collarbone, still thrusting against him oh so slowly.
John reached down between their bodies, and closed his hand around both their cocks. Sherlock choked out a deep moan that set John’s every nerve alight.
“You almost died, John,” he whispered, evenly, but the fear running through it was palpable – there was no hiding it.
They stayed that way, wrapped in each other, until Mrs. Hudson’s voice came ringing up the stairs, proclaiming that their cab had arrived. Sherlock pulled back reluctantly, but leaned his forehead in against John’s, smiling and gazing into his eyes with incomprehensible wonderment and devotion.
There was an impish grin on his face; clearly he was bursting to tell him what had just happened with Joanna.
The wedding really was lovely. Stamford had been delighted to see John again, and he looked quite good even with the weight he’d put on. John hurried back along the street after the pictures were over, keen to tell Mary all about the surprise live band Mike had arranged for his new wife – at the end of the service when audience members had popped out of their seats with instruments to play along to “All You Need is Love”.
John visibly relaxed, and he smiled again – that soft, private smile that he saved for Sherlock alone – and Sherlock thrilled so much at the sight that he couldn’t help but return it.
“Shh, it’s alright, John,” Sherlock whispered, so gentle, so soothing. “You’re alright now, I’m here, you’re alright.”
. The fact that it wasn’t something new wasn’t the best sign, but it was better for her than just absorbing mindless stuff from the television screen. This was good. This was okay.
He held Sherlock’s gaze steady, even as he still felt he might burst open at any moment, and he reached up to hang onto one of Sherlock’s hands laid gently on his cheek.
“Uh, bonjour, Sherlock,” he sputtered out, finally. He took a few steps down the drive toward him and extended his hand. “Je suis – John.”
John stood there, eyes darting around as silence settled for a second, and then a much slower song began to play over the speakers. A single, soft piano, playing a familiar chord.
He grinned, maybe a big smugly, into Sherlock’s shocked face. Sherlock’s hand was still propped up on the windowsill, curled into a fist where he’d been resting his chin on it.
They made love that night. Or rather, Sherlock made love to John: hovering over him on shaking arms, touching him gently, kissing him hard, stroking him in all the places that made him gasp and shiver and moan – and all the while John could only cling on tightly, trying not to break open.
Sherlock’s smile dropped off his face, replaced by a heavy, unpleasant rush of guilt that swept over him. In the background he heard the song playing out of Mike’s headphones. It made his stomach churn even more.
John laughed, maybe a little too brightly, and Sherlock flashed him a rather radiant smile as he joined in.
Sherlock stood there stupidly, stunned into silence. John gave a cheeky little grin, then held up a greasy paper bag.
Satisfied with the stitches, Sherlock stood up to grab a hand towel from the cabinet. “Harry called after you fell asleep last night.” He turned on the tap briefly, running it under the warm water. “She’s coming by this afternoon to see you.”
He was buzzing in his seat. He pulled his legs up under him and perched himself sideways on the bench, so he was looking at Sherlock full-on.
Sherlock whipped his head around, staring, then casting his eyes to the next house on the left. Number 102.
His heart was pounding, not with fear now but with excitement, with thrilled nerves, with slowly mounting need. John had stopped close to him, his hand still in his, his other hand holding onto Sherlock’s forearm to keep his balance.
Saying it out loud felt like dropping from great height and crumpling on landing, but it was true. When Sherlock was so brilliant and put-together and confident, flawless in every way imaginable, and John felt like the absolute opposite, how could it be any different?
“So was she,” Magnussen replied, in that gravelly Danish accent he’d never quite managed to lose. “Although, she would have been kind of lonely, I’m sure.”
“Um…” he spluttered out, his mind racing through denials, through excuses, through angry outbursts. But they all died in his throat. There was no mistaking that knowing quality in her face. She wouldn’t be thrown off.
She titled her chin up with authority as she looked back at him, but after a few seconds turned away without another word.
“Let me make myself perfectly clear,” Mycroft interrupted. “If the two of you are not in my office within twenty minutes, I will personally see to it that information is discovered on your background checks for Scotland Yard that will ensure neither of you will ever consult for them again. Is that understood?”
“I’ve been waiting so long for this.” John settled himself on top of Sherlock, his hands cupping Sherlock’s face, his leg slotting between Sherlock’s thighs. “God, has it really only been two weeks?”
Sherlock took him in hand once more, John’s flushed cock heavy in those perfect hands, and began to stroke again – long, reverent pulls, fingers trailing over every ridge and slow enough to keep the fire in John’s belly pooling hot without flaring up. He thumbed the head gently, swirling his fingers around the tip in the way that John loved, and adding a bit of a twist on the upstroke that had soon had him keening quietly into Sherlock’s mouth, hips lifting into every tender caress.
Sherlock forced himself to take a deep calming breath. Ten minutes, he had said. Ten minutes, and then it would be safe for John to come. It hadn’t even been ten minutes yet. There was no need to be so anxious. Even so, John might decide to err on the side of caution, and wait even longer.
They wept. They trembled. They held each other, grasping at the shining new beacon of hope presented to them and holding tight with shaking, reverent hands. They breathed together, in and out, deep and strong until the masses dwindled from their throats, until their heartbeats beat out a steady tempo together, tapping out the rhythm of their second chance.
didn’t intend for it to happen like this. All the times he’d imagined it, it was always slow, deliberate. He’d thought they would take their time. He’d thought he’d be able to explore, to savour it. He’d never once thought it would be a frantic, desperate affair on the tail end of their strangest case yet, hundreds of miles from home.
The first one was a generic Christmas tree cover. On the inside, below the pre-printed text, was written “Have another prosperous year, Prime Minister!”.
He managed to choke back the remainder of his sobs with a strangled noise from somewhere at the back of his throat.
“And you, and you, and you and you…” John’s finger was bouncing all around the audience now. People were cheering, some were already on their feet, thrilled by the performance.
Sherlock’s breath hitched as he held himself in John’s gaze, his own eyes falling hooded, unable to meet John’s straight on. John’s breath was coming fast now, and hard, his eyes boring into Sherlock’s and so plainly displaying everything Sherlock had been thinking all day, that tension pulled taut like a bowstring, that need for closeness that had been denied them for such an unbearably long time.
The sitting room was bathed in silver half-light from the moon. A few stars twinkled out against the black night.
“Yeah,” she said, after a moment. “They don’t like me watching telly, so I’ve started going through Harry Potter again.”
“Well, I’ll do my best to schedule one,” Lestrade chuckled in reply. “Hard to get them to work with you sometimes though, these murderers.”
He cried out, a sustained, high-pitched moan, and his hips bucked into Sherlock’s fist, rutting against the friction of the sheets, the pillow. The heat overtook him, an overwhelming burst of unbelievable pleasure, sparks shooting along every inch of his body, down to the tips of his fingers. John rode it out, trembling with ecstasy, then, feeling lightheaded, collapsed in a heap into the mattress. He pulled in deep, gasping breaths, his skin tingling with aftershocks.
somehow fuelled his own pleasure and made the experience even more intense, amplified his desire in immeasurable ways.
John continued his path down Sherlock’s chest, kissing down his sternum, across his stomach, laving over his navel and making Sherlock arch up into the contact. He moved over to nuzzle over his iliac crest, his fingers fumbling with Sherlock’s belt when his path was obstructed by clothes.
She led him down the hall and around a bend to direct him through a glass door, and when Sherlock stepped through it he halted at the sight in front of him.
, maybe none of this would be real. Maybe it wouldn’t have happened, and he would never have to look at John’s face when he turned around or hear whatever he might say – but he couldn’t move. He couldn’t be the one to break this cacophonous silence, to acknowledge what John had seen. What was now hanging in every staggering breath, every thunderous heartbeat.
He nodded in the direction of the car, and John seemed to understand. He moved off. The driver had gotten out to open the door, and John clambered in to the far side. Sherlock slid in after him.
Dad just chuckled. “Alright, alright.” He gave Sherlock’s shoulder a squeeze. “Knock ‘em dead, kiddo.”
John sighed, tapped out a few, slow words, then stopped. His eyes followed Sherlock as he moved to the next tree, his eyes blue today and shining with the cobalt sky.
Then Mycroft had sidled up, and with a crooked smirk, bent to give John a kiss too before he knew what was happening. Then Sherlock’s mother appeared on John’s other side, and laid quite an enthusiastic one on him before she pulled back and began to speak rapidly in Portuguese, tearing up joyfully as she did.
John couldn’t reply, because he was busy moaning wantonly at the feeling of Sherlock’s fingertip teasing his hole. Still slick from the massage oil, it rubbed slow circles around the rim. It felt
Sherlock’s eyes snapped to the bag lying on the sofa, mouth open as if it had personally offended him.
“Would have gotten to anyone.” Despite himself, Sherlock felt the ghost of laughter rising in his throat.
“Well, of course,” he said after a moment, grinning again. “Send an embarrassingly large car, and I’ll be there. See you.”
Lestrade looked over at him for a second, then gave a little shrug and drained his glass. Sherlock couldn’t look anywhere but straight ahead, at the little space that had cleared around the spot where his husband was dancing with a young, beautiful woman, who was staring at him with a sultry smile.
Sherlock gasped, barely audible. He stared down at the arrangement of dark red roses, flecked on all sides by mistletoe berries and sweeping green leaves. His eyes flicked from John to the bouquet and back again, his mouth hanging agape as though he couldn’t believe what he was seeing.
“I have bought the usual teas and chocolates and everything,” John said, as he fiddled nervously with it. “But this is my slightly special, personal one.”
And he had; he’d known it for years, had been face-to-face with it every moment for weeks. But still, it was too much. He couldn’t do it. Not now, after everything. And especially not today, not on
An unmistakeable hitch sounded in John’s breath, and then he was kissing him again, slowly and sweetly this time.
The restaurant had an old-world feel to it – it was two levels, with rounded arches forming the base of the landing and a narrow staircase leading up to the second level in the middle of the floor.
She placed the nail of her thumb between her teeth, and John’s heart started racing towards a full-blown panic.
“C’mere, you’re cold,” John said. He turned on his side, and wrapped his arms tight around Sherlock’s back.
It took Sherlock great effort not to recoil at her words, ringing hollow as the barest echo in his ears. With a deep breath he pulled back enough to give her a curt nod – hardly able to look her in the eyes – then released her to let her move toward the Lestrades.
this job while he was trying to wrestle his way through Uni was bad enough, but what was even the point if he couldn’t at least use the chance to meet girls?
The cold knocks all sense of direction from him for a moment and his mind whirls to remember which way John was – he can’t see anything, can’t hear, can only feel, and that’s fading fast. His heart is still in his chest. Maybe its stopped. Sherlock doesn’t care. He tears and claws at the water until his hands land on fabric, on skin, and then he’s wrapping his arms around a strong chest and hauling up, up, up.
Sherlock’s gaze leapt to the box again. His fingers actually tingled in anticipation. Taking a deep, silent breath, he grabbed the edge of the gold paper and tore it apart with excitement, peeling off the tape to reveal…
They collided with a kiss, deeper and more passionate than the first. John’s arms were wrapped tightly around Sherlock’s back before he was even aware of moving them, and one Sherlock’s hands was sliding up to John’s nape, the other firmly anchored around his waist. There was no preamble; Sherlock’s tongue plunged itself into John’s mouth, and John pulled him in, desperate and hungry, tasting him everywhere, feeling him like a burst of white hot flame. He was flooding in through John’s every pore, and John wanted to sink into this moment and never re-emerge. He wanted to get lost in Sherlock.
John’s breath was coming in incrementally faster, his eyes hooded and his pupils blown wide. With unsteady hands he began to undo the buttons on Sherlock’s shirt, slowing as he went to let himself melt into Sherlock’s touch. He rested his forehead against Sherlock’s, occasionally capturing his lips as he fumbled his way down his torso.
The twinge of annoyance in John’s chest was snuffed out under the gloom that settled over him like a dark cloud.
in this freezing, lifeless hellhole of a city, which had even less London-esque vitality than Sherlock had dared hope, was bad enough. To be here without John was intolerable. They hadn’t been separated so long in all the time they’d been together –
He’d heard Dad talking to Mrs. Hudson when she’d come over yesterday. She was coming over a lot more these days, but Sherlock had been up in his room again and hadn’t seen her this time. It was all a bit too much for him, the soft words, the pitying looks. He’d left her to comfort Dad instead.
John pulled into the rental car park with a pit of misery in his chest so profound he thought it must be spilling out of him. His entire body felt like it was made of stone.
Lestrade’s face fell briefly before he could settle his expression back into neutral concern. Molly said nothing, but pursed her lips into a thin line, giving away her fear.
John’s eyes fell closed. He gave himself a moment – just one moment – to enjoy the remains of the feeling as they floated away, leaving him empty again.
something that didn’t feel like waiting for his body to catch up with his mind. He was starting to understand exactly how Sherlock felt when he didn’t have the work, and was surprised that Sherlock hadn’t expressed any of the same impatience to go back to it as John was feeling – as Sherlock undoubtedly
The next few houses gave him a few more elderly people. Then some teenagers who didn’t recognize him. Then one man who apparently hadn’t voted for him, and shouted some very rude things as he hurried away.
“…but it’s Christmas, and I just wanted to…” John trailed off, giving a weak sort of shrug. “…check.”
Sherlock turned himself on his side, gazing out the open window into the darkness. This whole thing seemed so much more than he’d bargained for. No amount of studying or politics could have ever prepared him for this.
“Hey.” He moved out from underneath Sherlock as he spoke into it. He couldn’t look at him. “How are you doing?”
It was John again, carrying a tray this time, and coming into the office slowly, like he was unsure if he was allowed.
They sounded fairly good, Sherlock thought, as his fingers leapt back and forth across the neck of his instrument. They’d finally gotten their harmonies right in the last couple rehearsals, and the theatre amplified them nicely along with the drumbeat and the guitar and Sherlock’s riffing. This was just a preamble to the main attraction, though. Sherlock’s mind was already racing far ahead of what his fingers were playing.
Sherlock shook his head, as if that could clear away the bad feeling in the room. “Now, who do you have to screw around here to get a cup of tea and a chocolate biscuit?”
“So they didn’t have it put down then, the dog.” Sherlock sipped at his coffee, looking back toward the inn – he wasn’t sure if this was the best way to go about…whatever this was, but it seemed best to let John take the lead when he was ready.
Sherlock’s smile broadened, and a low chuckle rang out of his throat – deep and smooth like silk. John could have melted into it.
Sherlock stepped further into the room, circled the bed, and stopped in front of the portable music station on top of the chest of drawers. He popped the first CD out of it’s case, fed it into the slot, and hit play.
He wanted to look at him. He so badly wanted to look at him. But he knew it would only make everything worse.
John could only nod, lips brushing Sherlock’s feather-light, and he clutched him closer in a silent plea for movement.
“I don’t know.” Sherlock muttered back, sounding strangled even to his own ears. “They haven’t told me anything. I don’t know.”
The first shot – of John smiling, his back to the altar – popped up on the screen. Sherlock had seen it so many times now, but it still took his breath away; John in that beautiful, dark suit, his bright blue eyes standing out in piercing contrast.
“Years ago, I’d have said this was a terrible mistake.” The gap between them closed, Sherlock stopping less than a foot away from him. “But…”
this was like heaven. His heart was soaring, his head mercifully light, and John’s entire body was flush against his, warm and sturdy and wanting and
They began to sway together, in a slow circle; there was a few feet of space around them on all sides, between them and the other couples.
“We’re fine,” John said quickly. The orderly turned to him, and he gave what he hoped was a reassuring nod. “It’s alright, thank you.”
Sherlock let the darkness flood back in and push out the image. Of course. How idiotic to think that he could find respite from his fears inside his own mind.
“Your sister had a heart episode?” Lestrade asked, clearly grateful for a new subject of conversation. He reached for two of the coffees and handed one to Molly.
Sherlock smoothed his hand up and down John’s back again, a tender caress to ground him. John sighed into it anyway. He could feel the reverence in it, the devotion.
Suddenly, John was pulled backwards by a hand on his shoulder, forcing him to break the kiss. His mind reeled, very put out at being interrupted, and he saw Sherlock’s father there beaming jovially at him.
insufferable, from the moment she entered the door and began her torrent of worrying, flitting from chair to chair and around the sitting room like some sort of fretful bird. It would have made John laugh if she hadn’t been so bloody agitated.
“You’d think they’d lose their voices after a while” John said, following as they ducked into a department store, past a man having a shouting match with a security guard.
Sure enough, the unmistakeable clang of boots hitting metal trickled in from outside. Orlova, preoccupied with the safe, didn’t seem to hear it, but Sherlock understood in less than a second. Sokolov was coming, and quickly.
“Um.” Sherlock began, then stopped. He looked at John, then cast his eyes downward and bent down awkwardly to set the champagne on the coffee table. “It was…about Christmas.”
He bent forward and dropped a gentle kiss to Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock closed his eyes and leaned into it, humming.
, right where he was supposed to be, here with Sherlock and doting on Sherlock and loving Sherlock and oh God, he’d missed him, he’d missed him,
He opened his mouth, and for a moment looked like he was about to turn around and say something else, but paused before the words could come out.
“Tell him that you love him.” Dad’s mouth was open slightly with surprise, as if this was the most obvious thing in the world.
“Well, you’re not immortal, John.” Harry took a swig of her tea. “And just because Sherlock’s been looking after you doesn’t mean he can fix everything.”
Both Molly and Lestrade pursed their lips uncomfortably. They knew as well as he did that there was nothing to talk about. It was the middle of the night, they were in an emergency room, John was lying dead or alive on an operating table somewhere, and there was absolutely nothing to say.
Sherlock practically jumped out of his chair and strode purposefully toward the door of the conference room, intending with every step to wrap his arms around John’s compact frame and snog him breathless – but suddenly he remembered where he was and stopped in his tracks.
Well, phone calls could wait. Sherlock danced backwards, out through the hall, down to the stairs. The song played in his head louder and clearer than the warbling radio.
John wanted to remember that look as long as he lived – wanted to hold forever onto the moment when the love of his life held their future together in his hands with a breathless, enraptured longing that eclipsed everything else in the world.
But Sherlock couldn’t listen any more. “Sorry about your traitor,” he said, curtly, and hung up, dropping the phone back into his pocket. He lifted his hands up to rub at the edge of his temples, finally steepling them at the bridge of his nose as he swallowed down the building wetness behind his eyes. Every part of his body felt like it was crying out in protest at being kept so still, but he forced himself to martial it all – he made his brain keep it all under control, knowing that if he faltered now, if he lost himself to the incessantly pooling, dripping, bleeding red that still invaded the darkness behind his eyelids, he may never find himself again.
“Yeah.” He risked a glance at him out of the corner of his eye, looking away before Sherlock could look back.
Sherlock started toward the door and reached out for the handle, but his fingers froze in the empty air. He hovered there for a moment as his heartbeat evened out again, and then slowly, slowly curled them into a loose fist, sighing as he dropped his hand to his side.
“I feel partly responsible,” he finally said, the barest note of resignation cutting through his detachment. “I sent you down the path to this.”
Sherlock’s stomach twisted into a violent knot of revulsion as the thought of John, alone in that room with the President, probably with no option but to let him do or say whatever he pleased…and then having Sherlock burst in on them, and seeing him frightened and humiliated…
The patterns of moonlight on the water flicker and waver as they rise up to his shoulders. John hates the way his eyes are drawn to them, the way they morph themselves into hearth fires and gentle warmth, the way the ripples pattern out the familiar walls of Baker Street, the way the
He sat behind his desk, signing through a stack of something – he was barely seeing whatever it was, his mind still on the gentle softness of John’s smile, the way the little lines deepened around his cerulean eyes.
“Oh, um,” John muttered. He was staring down at the jacket in his hands, as if he was trying to figure out what it was. “I – I don’t think I’ll come.”
His hands shaking a bit, John reached into the pocket of his coat and drew out a small, folded slip of paper, which he pressed into Sherlock’s hand.
The heat inside him roared up to an inferno. He was seeing stars. Currents of pleasure shot up from inside him, up to the tip of his scalp, as Sherlock brushed against John’s prostate.
John kissed him until he couldn’t breathe, until his feet might have been frozen to the ground, though he couldn’t feel it, then pulled back a fraction of an inch to watch Sherlock blink open his eyes, wet with tears that might have been John’s and brimming with unfathomable happiness that belonged to them both, a smile on his lips unlike anything John had ever seen that was wholly, perfectly, his.
Sherlock hated the shadow of disappointment he saw in John’s brilliant, beautiful eyes as comprehension dawned on his face. John nodded once, curtly, and cast his gaze down, trying to break the tension of the moment but only succeeding in making the pit in Sherlock’s stomach swell to twice its size.
John watched, and watched, until Sherlock had rounded the corner towards the station and had disappeared from his view.
“Yeah,” John said, trying to stifle a yawn. He had absolutely no desire to get back in the car. He turned back to the counter. “Alright, the single will be fine.”
“Right, let’s go again,” Sherlock said. John nodded back and retreated away from the glass, and the track started up again.
“Mmm, John,” Sherlock breathed back, just as overcome. John gave a sharp twist on the upstroke, and Sherlock keened into his mouth. “
But the room had fallen silent – or it might as well have. The crowd behind him was shushing each other, the diners had abandoned their food and were looking around in quiet awe.
“This is really great,” he said in a rush. “Normally, I’m not so shy about these things, but – I don’t know, it just took me a while to get the courage up. So, thank you.”
He felt Sherlock’s lips kissing at his neck again – open mouth kisses, laving hot and wet over his burning skin. Sherlock’s mouth followed his hands, working their way down John’s back – he’d finish rubbing a particular notch down his spine, then lay a kiss there, taking his time and being particularly thorough with his lips and tongue. John heard himself making soft little sounds into his hands, his voice hitching in his throat. Sherlock seemed to like it – he could feel him making little humming sounds of his own, which rumbled down John’s back.
Sherlock pulled the collar of his coat tight around him. He darted off through a side street to avoid the main road, and weaved through a couple people milling about on the sidewalk.
A strangled sob escaped Sherlock’s throat, despite his best efforts to swallow it down. He pressed his face into John’s neck and inhaled shakily, trying to draw John’s scent and warmth into his lungs to calm himself down. He needed to get himself under control; there was no need for this, John was
There was none; Sherlock’s eyes were deep and genuine, and he was looking down at John like he was really seeing him, and understanding everything there was to understand.
Sherlock gave a little nod, then turned and headed for the door. As soon as it closed behind him, John gave a great exhale and clenched his hand into a fist on top of his desk.
He reached for the stack of the sample of cards someone had dropped off for him a couple hours ago. Maybe it would make him feel better.
“Absolutely,” Mia said, straightening up with Lestrade’s files in her arms. “Donovan’s already given me a crash course, of sorts.”
A rush of noise came from outside the windows, cars and children’s voices, and John deflated beside him.
“Likewise.” John gave him a stiff nod as he came round to sit behind the desk. In his hands he was carrying a file folder, with the tab marked
John froze for a moment, his hand still on the knob. But – no, it wasn’t accusation. Just banter. Just having a laugh.
He patted Mrs. Hudson’s back gently as she sniffled against his shoulder, then stepped back to allow Molly and Lestrade to embrace him in their turn. Each of them hugged him tighter and for longer than he’d ever have normally allowed, but tonight he responded with fervour. He took it all in, sucking deep gulps of air into his starved lungs, and let their shared joy dry his eyes and push away the last of the ache in his chest.
John fiddled absently with his phone in his pocket, and it buzzed with a call as soon as he’d turned it back on. He pulled it out, seeing the familiar number across the screen.
was what Sarah didn’t understand. He was already in too deep to display any semblance of charm around Sherlock. Just
It was beautifully maddening, and Sherlock felt heat start to pool at the base of his spine, but still John carried on slowly, his eyes half closed, his mouth stretched wide over Sherlock’s girth, the very picture of debauchery as he pulled Sherlock almost to the brink and then back again.
“Breathe, sweetheart. That’s it.” John kissed Sherlock lightly again as Sherlock inhaled shakily. Slowly, so slowly, John worked his finger in up to the knuckle, coaxing and encouraging Sherlock all the time. Low spikes of pleasure shot through Sherlock at the feeling, warmth beginning to pool in his belly as his breath came back to him.
John felt his heart kick up a notch. Their chests were parallel now, they would be touching if Sherlock leaned down a couple more inches. John could count the little freckles dotting Sherlock’s long neck. He had to remind himself, once again, that he was at work.
When she’d been ushered out reluctantly to go to bed, John sat down next to Sherlock, who had pulled his sketchpad out and was bent over it.
Sherlock’s eyes dart over the landscape, shadows, all shadows, no light, no sound, just the dim ripple of waves reflecting the silence –
All throughout this whole mess, Sherlock had been amazing. He’d been looking after John as if it were second nature – making he sure he took his meds, checking his stitches every morning, making teas and dinners and ensuring he kept his strength up. Most of the time John never even had to ask for what he needed, because Sherlock had already worked it out and taken care of it before John was even aware of what it was. He hadn’t let John worry about anything, sorting out everything for him back at the hospital, and John had been able to relax into his recovery more effectively than he’d ever done before, letting Sherlock’s gentle hands and loving concern wash over him, heal him. Letting Sherlock be, as he always was, John’s beacon of light, guiding him to safety. Guiding him home.
“I’m sorry,” he said, following her with his eyes as she moved towards her desk and pulled out two chairs. “I just got held up this morning, it won’t happen again.”
“Yes, God, yes.” John kissed him again, tongue plunging between Sherlock’s lips, reassuring and taking his own comfort in every sweet swipe of his tongue against Sherlock’s own.
“Right, right, yes,” Sherlock raised his voice over a few more “hear, hear!”s that had risen up along the table. “I understand that, but I have decided…not to.”
He pressed his palms to his forehead – everything ached, his head, his chest, every inch of him down to the tips of his fingers, numb from the cold. There was no stopping it. It was all going to pour out of him in a moment, and he’d just have to let it happen.
John listened to him puttering around in the kitchen, the familiar sounds and movements trickling through the sitting room and loosening the knot behind his temple. Yes, getting better was a pain, but John knew by now that he could never hurt for very long as long as Sherlock was there. And right now, that was truer than ever.
He raised his fist up, and mimed a stabbing motion, then held an imaginary magnifying glass up to his eye and looked around.
In the grate, there were still a few embers left of the fire from earlier – just little fragments of warmth, of light, flickering gently in the stale air.
“Probably best, anyway,” he muttered. “It’s what I came here for. That, and to get away from my ex-girlfriend.”
“Uh, soon, I guess,” John said, the barest note of resignation cutting through his steady voice. “We were just going to, um…”
“Yes.” Dr. Moore flipped open the file and began scanning through it. “We received the results from your last x-ray, and it showed something rather interesting.”
Mycroft had called them. He’d called them because he was the one who kept his head and took care of things when Sherlock couldn’t, and sure enough Sherlock hadn’t done anything since it happened but sit here uselessly, unable to even string together a coherent sentence in his mind.
Sherlock would save that look. He knew already that he would be watching it over and over again. It was his only time he’d ever see that look in this place, and he was going to keep it – even if it was aimed toward someone else.
“Mmm,” John moaned. He wasn’t sure he could manage anything more, now. He reached his hand up behind him, trying to find Sherlock and hold on, and Sherlock grabbed it and laced his fingers with his.
It seemed like ages before Sherlock finally reached the base of his spine, and then his hands grabbed two fistfuls of his bare arse. An involuntary groan barked out of John’s throat. Oh
seemed more tempting by the minute. Who cared if it was stupid, or ridiculous? He was young, and stuck halfway through Uni with no one by his side, and he was itching for some adventure. And who knows, maybe he’d actually be right about the American girls. Maybe this was what he’d been missing the whole time.
“What would I do without you?” John pressed the words into Sherlock’s skin, his voice heavy, needing Sherlock to feel them.
Had he mentioned to Mycroft about the Japanese ambassador? Maybe he should give him a call before it got too late.
“It has to be,” Sherlock added, and began to speak very quickly. “It’s the only possible explanation for the victim’s shirt being starched with –”
Sherlock’s eyes were swimming with as many emotions as were clouding through John’s head. John saw everything inside him reflected back in those gorgeous pools of blue, more brilliant and enchanting than he’d ever seen them.
clue that could point them in the right direction. Only hours after the sky had gone dark was Sherlock finally forced to admit that they wouldn’t find anything more here, and they’d have to start again with interviewing the victim’s relatives and old friends in London. And both he and John were far too tired to drive their rented car all the way back tonight.
John immediately felt chills run up his body, and he began moving to extract himself from Sherlock, so he could close the window. Before he could, though, a particularly strong gust burst through and pushed it even farther open, and its pane smacked against the wall.
“I never want to be away from you again,” Sherlock whispered hoarsely against John’s perfect lips. “Not ever, not even for a moment.”
None of the officers had moved; no one appeared to have noticed the gesture, or heard the endearment, and Sherlock relaxed marginally. John’s mouth was set in a firm line, and his gaze was trailing over the files without taking in any of the information. His breath was coming in twenty percent faster than its normal rate, and Sherlock
The only images left to flicker behind his eyelids were of John’s face – close-ups of those smiling pools of blue. The strands of golden hair wisping over his forehead. The laugh lines framing his mouth. Bright. Happy. In love.
His cheeks were tinged an adorable shade of pink. Sherlock laid a hand over John’s where it clutched at the box, then bent low for another kiss.
“You save me every single day, don’t you know that?” John murmured, pulling back to search deeply through Sherlock’s fathomless gaze. “Just by being with me, you save me. You’ve always done, since the very beginning.”
now that he’d never had to consider. Sam, now shutting himself in his room most of the time (“he could be injecting heroin into his eyeballs, or something, for all I know” he’d said to Harry, spiralling), or the crush he had on a girl from school who didn’t seem to even know who he was. It had always been Sarah who had talked to him about things like that, but now that she was gone, here he was, and this stepfather thing mattered like it never had before.
– and mumbled a tense “Mycroft” by way of greeting as he set down the tray in the middle of the table.
“Last night meant a lot to me, too,” he carried on, his voice quiet. “And it wasn’t just because of everything I was feeling – about the hound…”
Eventually, John pressed a soft, chaste kiss to Sherlock’s bottom lip, and gathered himself up off of Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock gripped him by the arm in a brief flash of panic, unwilling to let him leave even for a second, but John met the concern in Sherlock’s eyes with bright tenderness, stroking his thumb sweetly down his cheekbone and leaning forward to press a soft kiss to his forehead; a silent but unmistakable promise to come right back. Sherlock, assured but still reluctant, relaxed his hold, and John pushed himself off the bed, stumbling in the dim light toward the bathroom for a wet flannel. Sherlock leaned back against the pillows and watched him, a small satisfied smile playing at his lips, his heart full.
He thrashed and squirmed, trying to get his feet out of the way of whatever that slimy thing was, but before him, Sherlock was just laughing.
“Yes, come on, quick as you like.” He stooped to pick up his book again, and used it to give John a playful swat on the arse.
,” Sherlock said animatedly. “It’ll write on anything, even glass. So, say, for example,” he turned towards the poster on his left. “You’ve got a framed picture, like this one of Blue Carbuncle, you can write directly on it! Look.”
John shuffled in closer, too, and kissed him on the cheek. It must have still been cold in the room, but John immediately forgot about it. Sherlock was quickly warming up against him, in the tiny cocoon of sheets tucked around them. There was something so wonderful about that, the feeling of a shelter against the elements – safe and out of reach of the howling wind outside.
This chapter features the story originally starring eleven-year-old Sam (Thomas Brodie-Sangster) and Joanna (Olivia Olson).
Panic was bubbling up in Sherlock’s throat, and he answered quietly so it wouldn’t explode out of him.
“Room 1887” He reached into his pocket and dug out his extra key card, surreptitiously pushing it into John’s hand on the side facing away from the lobby. “Eighteenth floor, at the very end of the left hallway.”
“Oh, shut up,” he muttered to himself, cutting off his own high-pitched whining sound. He felt his face reddening again.
And suddenly the full force of what he was doing, what it all meant, slammed into him like a speeding car.
“Not that I wouldn’t have been nice to the other bloke, too,” John went on with a little shrug. “Just, always given him the boring biscuits with no chocolate.”
“This is Martha Hudson,” Mycroft said next, indicating the older woman next to Lestrade. She had a very sweet and motherly quality about her, and Sherlock liked her instantly.
Some people laughed. Others looked shocked. Sherlock felt it all buoying him up, making it all real.
John tore his eyes away again, fixing them back on the screen in front of him. It was getting harder, every time, to stop himself from staring too long.
with the need to reach out to him, to wrap his arms around his shoulders, to press his lips to his temple and whisper that everything was alright, they were safe, no one had seen them – even as he was mentally kicking himself for such a miniscule gesture that had nonetheless been so reckless.
Despite his best efforts, that wasn’t much. The coffee turned cold in his hands – he only managed to take a few sips before it suddenly felt too heavy to lift. On the opposite wall, the clock still
He wasn’t sure how long he’d been sitting there – every second seemed to stretch on to an hour, so he’d stopped trying to keep track – when he was pulled out of his own mind by someone calling his name.
He felt Sherlock smile fondly at his forehead, and a small rumble of laughter echoed from his chest into John’s.
“Yes, of course,” Sherlock breathed. His long, beautiful fingers danced lightly over John’s cheek as he hovered over him, breathing him in, lashes fluttering softly as his lips brushed over John’s, the barely-there kiss sending shivers coursing down towards John’s spine.
John felt Sherlock’s pulse quicken slightly underneath his lips, underneath their joined hands over Sherlock’s heart. He was already half-hard against Sherlock’s thigh, and sighed a bit when he pulled Sherlock toward him with the arm snaked around his waist.
Sherlock was astonishingly glad to arrive at Harry’s flat. He returned her hug with enthusiasm, even gave one to Di as well. He surprised even himself by how cheerfully he acted throughout the evening; he laughed at Di’s painfully unfunny jokes over dinner, gave some enthusiastic work anecdotes, and was the first on his feet after pudding, insisting that he clear up while the others went through to the sitting room to chat.
He nosed his way down the sparse hair on his chest, sending electricity shooting through the neurons at the sensitive follicles, and then kissed at one of his nipples, lapping gently, coaxing it into a hard nub. Sherlock writhed and gasped above him, his arm coming up to cradle John’s head against his chest, urging him onward with his touch.
“Well,” John said, projecting his voice loud enough for Mary to hear him. “Don’t let me interrupt you, then.”
“That’s easy, love.” Greg said softly, slowly reaching his hand up to wipe the tears on John’s cheeks away with his fingers. “Did you know me while you were stationed in Afghanistan?”
“Cheers.” Greg muttered before ending the call, tapping his thumb against the phone’s touchscreen with much more pressure than it required. He fully intended not to tell the elder Holmes a damn thing.
“Sherlock…” John started before trailing off, seeming uncertain of what he could even say to begin trying to comfort the younger man. “If only Mycroft had told us something that would help.”
