feelings, Dean nodded before pulling open the door; they didn’t have time for chick flick moments. If Cas wanted to do this one together fine, no reason to be fucking sappy about it. The sleek, modern lobby sported an open floor plan and clean lines. Roman Enterprises’ receptionist took one glance at the pair, picked up the phone angry whispering into it as they approached.
"Well, don't just stand there moose. This deal isn't going to seal itself." Crowley says, stepping out of the car and sidestepping him.
"Okay, we can figure this out." And god, Cas loves his brother for his optimism, but he understood the severity of the situation the moment he read the notice.
This is not how his once chance is going to go. No, two-bit wanna be the boss suit who's probably never even touched an engine is going to break him. Not today.
“First off, rude.” Dean replies instantly, “Second, did you forget it’s Halloween tonight man? Charlie’s been talking your ear off about this bash for weeks now.”
He turns from the guy he about gave a heart attack, "My Grandfather in 1889 was walking home from work after a double shift at Edison Illumination. He was ruminating. And that morning he had himself an idea. An idea that changed the world. Now 65 years later and 47 million automobiles later, what shall be his legacy?" "Mhmm?"
A chuckle comes from behind Dean’s back as he pops the crunchy chocolate wafer in his mouth, “Mhm, best Halloween ever,” Dean chews, putting the wrapper on the bedside table to throw away later.
“AYYYYYEEEEEEE!” Dean arches his back off the table as Cas yanks the wax strip. Fuck whoever said it’s just like ripping a band-aid off, Dean thinks and adds to the thought for good measure, that person can kindly fuck off.
“Okay,” Sam deflated, his hope evident even though Dean knew he was trying to conceal it, “okay let’s try it.”
“Well…” Cas trailed, tossing Dean a rare smirk as he finished buttoning up his shirt. Dean very dramatically rolled his eyes, even late at night, Cas felt the need to wear his stupid suit attire.
With a couple more thrusts and tugs from Cas, Dean is coming hard; clutching every inch of Cas he can get with his free hand. Cas follows quickly behind him with a possessive growl and sinking his teeth into the soft spot between Dean’s shoulder and neck.
It’s one thing to have a finger or a toy and a whole different thing to have a full-sized dick. So, when Aaron agrees to come over to Dean’s to Netflix and chill, Dean begins to panic. He knows what he wants and figures doing all the legwork beforehand will ease the awkwardness. And that’s exactly his predicament, Dean’s really never done the legwork. Which is why Dean finds himself pacing his bathroom desperately scanning google, fucking frustrated by his dilemma.
“Oh, he’s on it. But we have what he's looking for, we need to keep Charlie safe at all costs. He knows she has the flash drive. Roman’s got resources if he managed to move a body and cover-up it like it never happened.” Checking both ways before pulling onto the street, Dean set Baby on a path back to the station.
Dean opened and closed his mouth before stalking off to his bedroom, he still paid half the rent, to gather some fresh clothes to take over to Cas’s.
Instead of meeting his partner’s blue eyes which glowed against his black backdrop of a suit, he smiled at Charlie, “Ready Tom Cruise?”
More menus popped up equally filled with lines of HTML code and maybe ones and zeros; Dean reached over to grab the bottle of Jack, his eyes swimming from staring at the screen. Taking a swig, Dean ignored the two sets of arched eyebrows from his partner and his brother.
Castiel called his driving service which he gave more business than he would have liked to after becoming Dean’s partner while Crowley finished piecing together his outfit for the evening. He was also on a first-name basis with the high-end luxury car dealer in town much to his dismay. Seems bullet holes were becoming an increasing factor in how often he was replacing his sports cars.
Dean glances up at the Medical Plaza catching Donatello not so sneakingly looking out the window at him.
He scoured Google reviews and Yelp, burning his eyes late until the late reading page after page of reviews. Castiel Novak—Horn and Halos top-rated esthetician for first-timers—has the most positive reviews for any place in the city of Lawrence. Many of the comments state the man is as kind as he is clinical making the entire waxing process effortless. So, feeling confident in this guy’s abilities from the reviews Dean booked his appointment hoping the guy really was good at handling first-timers as everyone claims.
“Heya Dean!” Mr. Big Ears smiled, his entire being radiating sunshine like an eager puppy as he wiped his hands on his jeans. “Need some work on that pretty Baby of yours?”
Dean threw him an easy smile as if they shook down lower mafia members every day. “His name’s Garth, I busted him years ago when I was still working the streets peddling weed. He’s a good kid, fell in love with the wrong girl though.”
Charlie nodded, flashed a smirk in Castiel’s direction, and started for the VIP stairs; the mission was officially a GO.
But as the soft rain transforms into pea-sized hail, a cold shiver runs down Dean’s spine. Rapidly the storm had become increasingly intense—the winds lashing out, the hail pleating against the roof of the small country home, and the thunder and lightning finally made their appearance in a rather impressive manner.
Sipping a tad more, Dean followed Cas’ lead, settling into the couch before wading through the pile of rap sheets on the men they had arrested today.
Laying his head down that night Dean finally understood Cas’ wish—to have the same four walls and windows—because this feeling of loss and change sucked donkey balls. A sneaky thought tiptoed into the forefront of his mind.
“No about when we would ever need to use algebra in real life.” Cas rolls eyes, “Yes about sex, Dean.”
He makes eye contact with Henry himself, "Gentlemen, it's time. It's time for the Ford Motor Company to go racing!"
No pointing of keeping secrets from the guy handling his flaccid dick and Dean doubts Cas would judge him anyways, “I’m going on a date with this guy I met when I was doing some rewiring down at the Roadhouse. His name is Aaron. He stumbled his way through asking me and I stumbled right into a wooden beam after saying yes.” Dean chuckles, remembering how after walking straight into the damn post it broke the awkward tension between them.
“Look Feathers, I won’t be caught dead in one of those ugly sedans and we both know Baby is reserved for stake-outs.” In his peripheral’s Dean could tell Cas was stoically sulking, muttering about calling the insurance company…again.
It only took three well-executed punches to Dean’s prostate for Dean’s entire body to seize up as he shouted Castiel’s name; white ropes squirted all over Castiel’s hand and almost up to Dean’s chin. The sight of Dean’s orgasm, the feel of his cum between Cas’s fingers and the hard clench around his cock, is all it took for Castiel to bury himself deep inside Dean and fill the condom.
Walking into the station, both men felt pretty good about the bust. Some of the crushed up cars had been loaded down with stolen currency found in the door panels, and they had a few viable options for interrogation after the majority of them were discharged from the hospital or woke up from their comas. Well, Dean had felt good up until he caught sight of Bobby; perhaps joking about explosives was a bad idea.
Speaking of Cas, Dean realizes the fucker hasn’t texted him back. His phone screen lights up when he taps the screen, 10 P.M, shit. Dean’s been lollygagging down memory lane for an hour now. Opening his phone, he double-checks his message making sure he didn’t accidentally miss Cas’s reply while his head was off in la-la land.
. The word is still ringing in Dean’s mind. Cas is out here on their special day looking for a special someone. The irrational part of Dean’s brain takes the reins. He’s lost count of how many stupid ideas he’s had tonight but adds jogging in front of Cas to turn around and place hand in the middle of his best friend’s chest to stop him to the pile. And while Dean’s being an idiot, he adds the words, “Pick me,” as the little cherry on top of his Winchester Stupid pie.
“Dean,” Cas rumbled, right before the asshole licked the fingers pressed against his face. Snatching his hand, Dean scowled down at the Cheshire grin on Cas’s face.
Castiel felt dumbstruck; of course, he dreamed about being buried in Dean’s heat but actually getting the chance had him stumbling, “Are you sure?” he asked, needing confirmation this was real; that this wasn’t another very vivid, drug-induced hallucination and Dean was actually asking him to fuck him wildly into the mattress.
How was he supposed to sleep when he could still feel his partner’s lips on his own? Resigned to his fate of sleeping with a half hard-on for his partner in an empty bed, Dean rolled over twice more and sighed deeply. He knew they were close, so close to blowing this case wide open; it would make not only his career but Sam’s as well. And with Dick behind bars Charlie would be safe and free to go back to be the queen of Moondor (and if Dean happened to end up larping a weekend after all this is over, he’d blame Charlie for all the gushing she’s done. Plus, who doesn’t love a knight leading troops into battle with a moving and inspiring speech). The job came first, he hadn’t come this far, worked his dick into the dirt day in and day out, showed everyone in the station his promotion was earned not given, to let it slip through his fingers over a blossoming crush on Castiel Novak, his fucking partner of all people.
Rounding the corner of one of the open bays, the place was suspiciously empty for an auto body shop—no cars, no workers, just parts strung about here and there (probably a front if Castiel had to surmise). Following in step with his partner, they navigated their way through to the back where a short, gangly man was attempting to stack some tires.
“Dean Winchester, you are the most insufferable man and—” Cas stood up on slightly wobbly, cradling Dean’s face between both his hands like he was irreplaceable museum artifact, “—and I am grateful for you saving my life though, my life was not worth the imaginable risk I’m sure you took.”
Two hours later, everyone was laughing at him as he got on his knees and almost kissed the ground because seriously fuck flying steel death traps.
Cas blinked his eyes open and with another groan of protest pushed himself up on his elbows before accepting the offered glass. Dean made sure he drank the whole thing before taking back the glass and setting it on the nightstand receiving a croaked, “Thank you.”
Six hours later Dean found himself nestled in Cas’s memory foam; Cas tucked into his side; his bruises on full display.
Dean feels all the color drain from his face. What is he even supposed to say to that? Luckily Cas continues talking, “My father was the alpha of our pack and when I turned sixteen and shifted for the first time I stepped into my birthright as the new alpha of our clan,”
Dean ran a hand down his shirt, a slight blush of self-consciousness on his cheeks. “I thought they looked good.”
Dean shoved Garth in the trunk and slammed the hood. “Thanks for helping me out man!” Dean patted the hood, bouncing away from the shouts and bangs rattling the car.
Dean beamed underneath the praise, but he wouldn’t be here without his partner. “It wasn’t just me Bobby, the warehouse was Cas’s hunch and Charlie’s research and we would be none the wiser without Sam’s backbone to hunt the monsters of this city.”
Laughing at the irony, Dean shucks his flannel and strips out of his cumfested Batman shirt and pulls on the fresh t-shirt then his flannel. Cas takes it and shoves it to the bottom of his bag, throwing Dean a lazy smile.
Lock Dean up in an insane asylum and throw away the key, if he was the craziest person in the world for doing what he was doing he didn’t care. Especially not when the snarkiest, dry-humored, downright drool-worthy human was waiting for him at the end of this little yellow brick road adventure.
“It’s fine. Dean has a habit of diving headfirst into things. The city is still cleaning up the highway from your adventure this morning.”
Dean told her the entire incident, SLOWLY, and told her what he felt and how he was sure Cas wanted him too. After about a minute of silence, Dean was sure that he had broken her. Charlie Bradbury was never left speechless. Ever.
For that, of course Balthazar had the amazing idea that they should let people collect at his place while Cas had a small celebration with him, Dean, Gabe, Sam, Charlie, Meg, Kevin and Alfie. Then Balthazar would take hum to his place for a ‘private celebration’ (the thought of which made Dean very uncomfortable even though he knew there wouldn’t be time fir a private celebration until later). Despite his hatred for Balthazar, Dean had to admit that was a very good plan.
“I know this is not what you probably wanted. You already have a lot of problems to deal with, what with Claire and all, you don’t need to be burdened with me and my stupid crush on you. You don’t need your friend fantasizing about you over everything else that you already are dealing with. This is not how I wanted you to find out. Hell, if it was up to me, you’d never find out. And I’m sorry you had to see that. I – I like you, Cas. I really do. And I really hope that it won’t affect our friendship. I don’t want to see Claire go before her treatment is complete. I couldn’t bear it because she’s family. You’re family. But if that’s what you want, then I’ll respect your choice. I’ll recommend you a great doctor who’d treat Claire with the same care as we would. I’m sorry.”
Now that the cat was out of the bag, so to speak, Sam, Gabe and Charlie left no chance to tease Dean about Cas. Sure, they did it earlier as well, but then it was just to rile him up. Now they knew for a fact that there was something going on and their teasing just got worse.
“Mr. Novak, me as well as one of the nurses here are as gay as they come and everyone knows that. If you’re afraid that your sexuality will come in the way of her treatment, rest assured, it won’t happen. She will be treated just like the rest of our patients.”
“Yeah whatever. Anyway I think I should go.” He replied, wanting to get away and be home by the time Cas came back from whatever class he has that day. He was really looking forward to spending time with his best friend, and this time there was another reason for it too.
With a sigh Dean went to his office to get started on some paper work, but Charlie’s words rang in his head all day long. Of course Cas didn’t have a crush on him. Did he? No, he obviously didn’t. Dammit. Now he was going to end up over analyzing everything Cas said or did. Ugh, stupid Charlie and Jess and their constant nagging over Dean hooking up with someone. Why couldn’t they just leave him alone?
By the time Dean had invited all of Cas’ very few friends, the word about the party had spread and nearly all the people in Cas’ department were coming. Everywhere Dean went, he heard people talking about what was going to be the biggest, greatest party of the year. People also knew it was a surprise for Cas so no one mentioned it in front of him. Dean didn’t know planning a surprise party with so many guests would be this easy to co-ordinate.
Contemplating Dean’s gifts aside, it was Cas’ birthday in less than 24 hours and he was just getting home from a date with Balthazar when Dean called him.
And if he dreamt about a certain blond being out of the scene, it was no one’s business but his own.
Dean turned around to see Charlie sitting right behind him wearing a hideous blonde wig, apparently stalking him. He’d talk to her about that later, first, he had to kiss Cas.
Cas moaned at the sight of Dean and he could only imagine how debauched he probably looked, with his lips bitten red, face sweaty and flushed, and chest heaving with each breath he took. His cock rested on his stomach and Dean yearned for any sort of touch to relieve the pressure.
“Hello, I’m Ellen, the owner of this fine establishment. Now, I practically brought up this guy so don’t you let him give you any trouble.” With that, she ruffled Cas’ hair even more and left to go back inside, leaving behind a grumpy looking Cas because his hair was even more messed up than usual.
Feeling bolder by Dean’s reaction, Cas squeezed Dean’s cock again, this time, moving his hand along the shaft, jerking Dean off through his clothes.
Whatever the reason for the dreams was, Dean was getting tired of this. And while he loved his brother, he couldn’t wait for Sam to leave in the morning, so that he could stop sharing his bed with Cas and then the dreams would stop. Right? They had to stop then at last.
Giving him next to no time to adjust, Cas pushed up Dean’s legs against his chest and almost folded him in half, and started pounding away. The angle allowed Cas to brush against Dean’s prostate at every thrust and Dean’s hole spasmed each time it happened. Cas was thrusting into him with such force that Dean had been pushed up the bed with his head almost touching the head board.
“A guy as gorgeous as you has to have a gorgeous dick and I really want it in my mouth, if not in my ass.” The man licked his lips and – wait, was that? Holy fucking yes that was a tongue piercing. Fuck, the man just got a hundred times hotter, if that was even possible in the first place. Cas could only imagine how the cool metal stud would feel against the heated skin of his cock as the man took him all the way in.
Cas went into the building, telling Dean to wait a minute. Curiouser and curiouser, Dean thought to himself with a laugh. A minute later, Cas came out, calling Dean to join him. Dean entered the building and almost took a step back in shock. The building that looked like it would fall apart at the slightest breeze was the total opposite from the inside.
Dean's eyes roll into his head at the thought of being caught and he bites back a moan, not wanting to stop anything even though that would be a much better idea.
The rest of the day was spent by the three of them teasing each other and having a laugh at the expense of someone, just like it was before Dean and Cas left for college. Dean didn’t realise how much he had missed hanging out with his brother and his best friend until just then.
Cas returned home from a long day at work. Who knew working at a bakery could be such hard work? Although he supposed it was more due to the fact that he owned said bakery and had to be awake daily before dawn, but that was beyond the point. Right now, he had worked a long day, baking and maintaining the bakery, with the help of a select few, trusted people and he was tired, in dire need of a pick me up. Thankfully, tomorrow was his day off – the bakery was closed on Wednesdays – and it wasn’t too late to hit a bar.
That morning as Dean lay in bed, cuddled up to Cas, he felt a sense of happiness he hadn’t felt before and his last thought before falling asleep was that he could get used to it.
By the time Dean got dressed, Cas was already out of bed, probably making him breakfast and packing his lunch. what did he do to deserve such an angel was beyond him. Dean grinned at his reflection playfully as he purposefully tied his tie wrong. It always annoyed Cas when he did that (which was on a daily basis) and Cas would then proceed to untie Dean’s tie and tie for him correctly, which always gave Dean the time to hold his husband close and make ‘heart eyes’ at him. If, more often than not, this was followed by a makeout session, it was no one’s business but their own.
Dean sighed. This guy knew nothing about being gay, except what his homophobic parents drilled into him as a kid, apparently. By now a small crowd had gathered around them. Dean turned to the crowd and asked, “Okay, ladies. If we all were straight, and single, how many of you would be willing to have sex with me, or Cas here?” He pointed towards Cas, who was looking at Dean with an expression akin to awe. Almost all women raised their hands. He smirked and then pointed towards the homophobic douche and asked, “And under the same conditions how many of you would be willing to have sex with him?” No one raised their hand, except for one girl who Dean thought was his girlfriend.
“I said faggot, faggot. Are your heads so far up each other’s asses that you can’t even hear properly now? Are you so busy fucking each other’s asses out that you forgot the real world?”
“Wow, you seem to know a lot about how gay sex works, are you sure you’re straight? I mean, obviously, unless you’re gay, how would you know what we gay people do, right?”
Cas’ hands were resting on Dean’s hips and he tightened his hold on Dean and kissed him a few more times before he spoke up.
Dean’s expression became contorted with confusion because he genuinely had no idea what Sammy meant. But before he could ask, Sam continued.
The next afternoon, Charlie greeted Dean with a bone crushing hug and her signature megawatt smile that instantly cheered Dean up a bit. After almost two weeks of constant sex dreams about his best friend, Dean was feeling overwhelmed, to say the least, and weird about it.
“Me too, Cas, I- What are your plans for Christmas?” he asks, swallowing the ball of anxiety that is building inside him. Cas tilts his head in confusion and squints adorably.
When he gets to the mall, Dean spends a few minutes gathering himself and evening out his breaths, when a knock on the window startles him. He turns to see Cas standing outside with a smirk on his face.
By this time, Dean was already out of bed, getting ready to head out while Sam made him a cup of coffee to drink on the way.
“Oh yeah?” Cas asked. His voice was somehow even deeper than before and it caused Dean’s dick to twitch wildly, and a shiver to run through his body. Fuck- Castiel’s voice was so fucking sexy, he could be reading a grocery list and Dean would still get off.
Dean had been expecting Gabe to be pissed, but what he hadn’t been expecting was him to wrap his arms around Dean’s middle in sort of a hug.
“I’d love that.” Castiel smiled widely, showing his gums. Dean wondered if there was anything that man could do that wouldn’t be so endearing and hot at the same time.
“Oh come on Cas, where’s the fun in that? You know you want to.” Dean smirked at him. God, how he missed just teasing Cas about stuff like this without having to worry about how close to the truth it was and if Cas would figure it out.
"It was really nice meeting you, Dean. I have to work tomorrow, but we can perhaps meet the day after to buy your son gifts?"
When Prince Dean was born, his father, King John, had made the announcement that if, by the age of 25, Prince Dean wasn’t already married, the ball would take place on Dean’s 25th birthday, to give the prince the opportunity to meet people and decide who he wanted to marry. Dean had broken many women’s hearts the day he announced that he had no interest in women and would only marry a guy, but it had also made many men, including Castiel, very happy. The king, however, was furious to learn that his son would most likely not give him a grandchild that would carry on the family’s name. Soon, he changed his mind and took back his harsh words and said that it didn’t matter to him if the prince wanted to marry a man, as long as it made Dean happy.
The sight he was met with made him see red all over. Cas was leaning against the wall where a blond guy had him pinned and they were making out like a couple of teenagers. Mr. Blondie was all over Cas, touching him and feeling him up. Suddenly Cas let out a choked off sound, which sounded more erotic to Dean than porn, solely because it was Cas. That sound broke him out of his jealous rage about seeing someone else have Cas where he wanted Cas and he cleared his throat to get their attention.
Taking pity on the boy, Cas introduced Charlie to Sam. "Sam. This ball of fire is called Charlie and she is totally like you, all into books and whatnot. Dean is probably right when he says that you two get off on books " he laughed while Charlie threatened to shut it if he valued the very existence of his future generations.
Dean never thought he’d say something like that, but Cas had the most gorgeous cock he had ever seen, and he couldn’t wait to get it inside him. Cas was slightly thicker than him, and just a bit longer, uncut, as compared to Dean’s cut. The head was swollen with blood and looked painfully hard.
“Dean, what did you do this time?” the only times Dean asked that was when he had made some sort of mess in the kitchen or broken something.
Dean was awake in mere seconds as soon as he realized what happened and turned around to look at Cas. Cas was obliviously still asleep, his arm wrapped around Dean’s waist. His hair was a mess, more so than usual, and his mouth was slightly parted as he took in deep breaths. And because, of course, Dean was only human, his gaze shifted lower than that. Cas had fallen asleep in his sweatpants and a T-shirt, but during the course of the night, his T-shirt had ridden up and his pants hung pretty low. So low that Dean could see the head of Cas’ dick peeking out of the waistband, swollen and flush. That along with the fact that Cas had just humped the air in his sleep, moaning out something that sounded dangerously close to ‘Dean’, was not helping the rapidly hardening situation in Dean’s own clothes.
So, pressed up against Cas’ back, Dean followed him to their door. His naked erection pressed tightly against Cas’ perfect ass; the denim chafing him but not enough for Dean to care. He was too turned on to care anymore – the thrill of being caught with his dick out in public was making the experience 69 times hotter and he couldn’t wait to get Cas naked.
Hmm, so apparently, I'm absolutely no good at posting stuff at a regular basis. But well, here I am with a gift. I just hope none of you want to bash in my head because I came back with absolute crap like this.
Cas’ answering grin was so wide that Dean knew that he would never be able to refuse Cas anything, if this was how he reacted when he got what he wanted. It was a smile that could light up the whole world with its brightness. When Dean grinned back at him, his own smile was as bright as Cas’.
They sat there for a few minutes, catching their breaths- foreheads resting against each other with Dean still rocking slightly in Cas’ lap, and Cas’ hands exploring Dean’s body.
‘Just fucking great!’ Dean thought to himself as he got up to find a new pair of underwear to put on and put the soiled ones in the laundry.
Entering his wing in the hospital, Dean goes straight to find Charlie, which he immediately regrets when he is greeted by a red haired bundle of bone crushing hugs and way too much energy for early morning.
Ever since they were little kids, Dean and Cas had been inseparable. Normally people would expect Cas to be joined at the hip with his twin, but Cas always liked hanging out with Dean more. Not that Dean was complaining. He liked Gabe, they were friends too, but for Dean, Cas was irreplaceable. Cas with his blue eyes and messy hair and his head tilt and his habit of taking everything way too literally, Cas.
“Yes, I got sick so my auntie Meg told my daddy to take me to a pade- pede- paditrishan. So my daddy took me to a lady who said you are a better doctor.”
I hope y'all enjoy this chapter and that it's not too disappointing. I'm not really happy with the way it turned out but I also couldn't find a way to make it any better. Enjoy reading over 1k words of Cas' apology (1039 words to be exact. but who's counting? Not me.)
Putting on his shoes, Dean went to the kitchen where Cas was bound to be. Dean entered the kitchen but before he could say anything, he stopped dead in his tracks as all the blood in his body rushed to his dick. He had never gotten this hard without a single touch, but here he was, looking at his husband, and hard as a rock. Cas
By the time they were done, it was getting late so they decided to order in and snuggle into the cushions to watch some movies. After eating, less than halfway into the first movie, Cas noticed that Dean was already asleep, leaning his head into Cas’ side. It couldn’t have been a comfortable position but Dean looked so peaceful that Cas just didn’t have it him to wake Dean up and send him to bed, so he repositioned himself and they both fell asleep, limbs tangled around each other.
He held his cock and slowly guided it inside. It didn’t hurt as much as Dean was expecting it to. It was uncomfortable, sure, but not painful. After giving himself a few moments to adjust to the intrusion, he nodded slightly. Cas would have missed it had he not been looking at Dean’s face so carefully. Cas began to thrust slowly – and
With that, Dean and Cas lean forward, FINALLY having their kiss. The first touch of their lips is nothing short of electric. Cas’ lips, though seem to be permanently chapped, are so soft and pliant against Dean’s, pressing back with equal fervour.
“Uhh, yeah. Um, Jess wanted to apologise for last night so she invited me for coffee tomorrow. Hey! Don’t change the subject. Go home. No more work for you today.”
When Dean goes up to his room to get ready for the day, he sees Cas sleeping peacefully in bed, clutching Dean’s pillow so tightly to his face that it would make Dean laugh, if he didn’t know it was his fault. Dean carefully lay down beside Cas, probably making what Sam called heart eyes at his husband as he combed his fingers through the soft hair. The touch seems to wake Cas up as he nuzzled against Dean’s hand and purred like the cat he sometimes acted like.
As Dean drove them back home, he smiled happily to himself. Each date with Cas only served to make him fall in love with his boyfriend even more. Dean and Cas were still as attracted to each other as they had been on their first date years ago and even though they were nearing 30, they had sex almost every night, and date nights just made the sex even more intense.
When Dean woke up, he was confused for a few seconds, unsure of where he was until he remembered. After two years of dating, he and Cas had bought a house together and just moved in the previous night. He smiled and pulled Cas closer to him.
Yayyyy another chapter! I'm extremely sorry this isn't as good, but I've been on a vacation and I didn't get a lot of free time to write much. I still hope you like this though.
“Well, shit, Dean. You weren’t supposed to find out that my gayness was just a front to see you naked. Dammit now you ruined my plan. Now go. Go and win back your man. You deserve some happiness in life. And please make sure to make him beg to take you back. That’s the least he can do.” She replied with a cheeky wink.
Dean chuckled as he replied, "Hey, Charlie. Nice talking to you too. I'm doing great how about you? Yes, I'm enjoying my brother's visit. Yes, Cas' brother is here too. So what's up with you, my queen?"
“Fuck!” Cas exclaimed. “Oh Dean I need you please open me up please I need your fingers please oh fuuuuu-“ Cas cut off as Dean pushed one lube slick finger fully into Cas’ hole without warning. He thrust his finger slowly a few times until Cas was pushing back. He then continued to pump his finger into Cas slowly, just brushing lightly against the other man’s prostate lightly, teasing him with the pleasures to be.
Charlie gave him an annoyed look and replied, “What do you even mean, Dean. Of course he’s into you. Everyone on the staff has seen how he looks at you. And anyone into guys would be into you, you’re pretty good looking. What? Don’t give me that look. I’ve said this before and I’ll say it again. I may bat for the other team but I damn well know a beauty when I see one. Just like I know that Cas is also very dreamy. Anyway, stop gossiping and go help your babies. Alex was having a bad night, look at her first. I’ll see you at lunch.”
“Are you gonna come or do I have to take care of this myself?” Cas asked, pointing towards his erection and palming himself through his clothes. Dean pushed himself off the wall and sauntered towards Cas with a smirk on his face.
Their meal goes by faster than any meal ever has for Dean, and before either of them know it, it’s getting dark outside, and it’s time for them to head out. Dean has no idea who made the first move, but they’re
“Yeah yeah whatever. Now go back to your woman before she realizes that she is with the wrong Winchester.”
That’s when he realized, not only did he have a crush on his best friend, but he was in love with him.
With a shy smile, Cas led Dean to an obscured staircase in the back that led to his place. Castiel’s place was small but warm. Dean could see hints of Cas in everything, and he loved it.
Right on cue, Cas pushed in in a single move, while pulling Dean down on his cock at the same time. Dean groaned as Cas filled him up. Cas began to slowly thrust up into Dean’s hole, giving him time to adjust. But Dean didn’t want it slow.
“Yes, Castiel” Dean replies as he turns around, desperately hoping that it is about the lecture, and not the weird thing that happened during the class. Dean is suddenly drowning in blue, as Cas apparently is all up in his personal space, leaving almost no gap between their bodies.
Well, I'm early because my internet will be cut off soon and I have no idea when I'll get the new service provider so might as well make the most of it, right?
A/N: HEY THERE! I’M SORRY IT TOOK ME SO LONG TO UPLOAD, MY LIFE HAS BEEN ONE SHIT STORM AFTER THE OTHER AND I HAD NEITHER THE TIME, NOR THE ENERGY TO WRITE OR UPLOAD. I HOPE Y’ALL ARE STILL FOLLOWING THE STORY.
“I hope you’re not a serial killer or something because my brother says he will not hesitate to come over to your place and have you arrested if I don’t check in with him by noon tomorrow.”
“Sounds like a date to me. If that’s what you do on a not date, I don’t even want to know what you do on a date. Fine! Don’t give me that look. Jeez, if looks could kill. Fine. Go enjoy your not-date with your just a friend. I want the details when you get back. I don’t care how late it is. I’ll be waiting by my phone. Seeya!”
Okay so guys, I just started this chapter an hour or so ago, because I totally got lost in studies and forgot to write. So please let me know if there's something wrong with the chapter (aside from the shitty quality) or if there are some mistakes I need to correct. Thank you a lot.
Finally Dean decided that it was too much and he needed to talk to Charlie about this before he lost his mind over this issue. So he called her up and they decided to meet over lunch to gossip about their latest not-crushes the next day.
“Stop it with the teasing, Red. And no, it isn’t a date. It’s just two friends going for a movie, maybe dinner afterwards, and not having sex. Because we’re just friends.”
In the days leading up to their meet, Dean finally began to stop drinking completely, and apologized to Sam and Charlie for being a dick.
Dean immediately turned to the man with a shocked expression. Sure, Kansas wasn’t a very open minded state but it was 2018 for fuck’s sake. Two guys should be able to go out on a date and kiss a bit without it being a huge deal. It wasn’t the first time he had encountered homophobia but every time someone made a homophobic comment, it hurt Dean as much as the first time did. Dean would have ignored the comment had he not seen the look on Cas’ face. He looked absolutely devastated. Considering that Cas came out not that long ago, he probably hadn’t dated many guys and this was probably the first time he was called names in public, and Dean’s heart broke for him because of the cruelty of it all.
“Happy Birthday Cas!” he greeted Cas warmly and Cas wished every day was his birthday, if this how he was going to be treated on his birthday.
After spending some time with the family while they mourned, Dean went into his office to cry in private. Even though they were all part of the same family out there, Dean couldn’t bring himself to cry in front of anyone. So dean cried in private. Dean cried because a child died that day. He cried because Asa would never be able to go into space or fight space vampires like he wanted to. He cried because a boy would never get to go for his prom with his girlfriend (or boyfriend, whichever). He cried because a man would never be able to see his bride (again, or groom) stand in front of him and cry. He cried because a life was lost right in front of him as he cradled the limp body in his arms. He cried because Asa’s family would never get to see him grow up and he cried because a child would not get to live another day. He cried because he will never again see the child who laughed at even the most pathetic jokes he made. He cried because Asa was the happiest kid whose smile lit up the room, despite his discomfort. But mostly, he cried because despite the best efforts made by him and his team, he was helpless as he stood there and watched the light go out of Asa’s eyes. Despite all Dean had done, he could only watch and hold Asa’s body close to his as Asa slipped away into nothingness, and Dean could do nothing about it no matter how much he wanted to save the little boy.
Dean learned more about Cas and Claire and their lives. He learnt the hard way that unless Claire is read a bed time story with different voices for different characters, she doesn’t go to sleep. That night, almost no one went to sleep. He learnt that Cas had an unhealthy obsession with Dr. Sexy, like him. They spent a lot of time binge watching the show at nights when Cas was feeling too low because of Claire.
Cas almost choked on his tongue (he’d much rather choke on something else, his brain provided helpfully but that wasn’t the point) and managed to give the guy a look which he hoped looked like confusion and intrigue.
“Ten. Including me, we are ten siblings.” Dean choked on the sip of his beer that he had just taken.
“I knew I loved you Char!” he exclaimed as he took the pie from her and gave her a loud, sloppy kiss on her cheek, knowing it annoyed her.
Castiel shook his head and gestured towards Balthazar who was already stepping out of his clothes. Thankfully Castiel and Balthazar were close enough in size that the clothes fit, with only small adjustments that needed to be made, and those were easily fixed with the help of a couple of pins.
Just as Dean turns around to collect himself, he sees a smirk grace Castiel’s full lips, but Dean doesn’t wait to confirm his suspicions. With his back turned towards the class, Dean takes a moment to calm himself down, as he pulls off his tie and the suit jacket that he needs to wear  because of the fucking Dress Code™. Cursing his waistcoat (ugh, who wears a fucking waistcoat daily?!) Dean folds the sleeves of his dress shirt up to his elbows, and takes a deep breath before turning towards the class and starting the class.
Dean laughed along with his brother and gave him a man hug, complete with the pat on his back, as he asked, “So how did you know I won’t come to get you?”
Dean absolutely did not whine as Cas removed his mouth from where it was worshipping Dean’s erection and stood up to grind his denim covered one to Dean’s.
“Her mother is gonna whoop your ass young man.” Dean was cut of by Ellen Harvelle, the owner of The Roadhouse. She then pressed a soft kiss to Dean’s temple and looked at Cas.
Do any of you have any idea how much willpower it took to not upload as soon as I finished writing that chapter? Hint: A FUCKING LOT.
Her father coughed, embarrassed and said, “That’s enough Claire. I’m sure the doctor doesn’t need to know of my coming out story.”
When they went to the counter, the barista seemed amused to see their group’s antics. Gabe flirted shamelessly with anything and anyone that caught his attention, most of all he flirted with Sam whose face turned all shades of red.
Dean was reduced to moans and grunts as Cas fucked him hard enough for his back to bruise against the wall.
Dean looked at Charlie’s retreating figure and wondered what sins he was making up for that he had such nosy friends. He joined Cas and they went to the movies.
The sight of Cas’ cum making a mess of his hand and Cas’ torso was enough to push Dean over and he spilled his load inside Cas. He ground his hips against Cas’ pushing the cum inside as he spilled shot after shot of his release.
SUMMARY: DEAN WAKES UP TO THE SMELL OF BREAKFAST AND THINKS HE CAN GET USED TO IT. THEY BOTH GET READY AND HEAD TO THE HOSPITAL FIRST TO VISIT CLAIRE AND THEN HEAD ON TO THEIR DATE. CAS TAKES DEAN TO AN ARCADE+BAR THING (I READ ABOUT IT IN SOME FANFIC BUT I CAN'T REMEMBER WHICH AND I LOVED THE IDEA) THERRE THEY DRINK AND PLAY ARCADE GAMES AND GET A BIT HANDSY. SOME HOMOPHOBIC DOUCHE PASSES A COMMENT AND DEAN SHOWS HIM HIS PLACE IN A VERY BADASS MANNER AND USES KINDNESS AND THE SUPPORT OF A CROWD TO EMBARRASS THE FUCK OUTTA HIM. DEAN (OBVIOUSLY) THINKS THAT HE NEEDS TO APOLOGIZE TO CAS FOR LETTING HIM RUIN THEIR DATE BUT CAS IS HAVING NONE OF THAT. CAS TELLS HIM THAT IS WASN'T HIS FAULT AND SO HE DOESN'T NEED TO APOLOGIZE. THEY GO TO EAT ICE CREAM SUNDAES AND BE ADORABLE TOGETHER. DEAN DROPS CAS OFF AT HIS PLACE WITH A KISS BECAUSE HE IS A GENTLEMAN LIKE THAT.
Dean let Gabe hash out until he calmed down a bit. He totally understood how Gabe was feeling, Dean would have been equally pissed if it had been Sammy, and it was probably worse for Gabe because Cas was his twin. After Gabe had calmed down a bit, he asked Dean what had happened.
“I’ve been here for quite some time now, thank you very much for noticing.” Gabe replied, while at the same time, Cas who had heard Gabe’s name asked,
Even though it was just for a fraction of a second, Dean could have sworn Cas was looking at the small trail of hair leading into the towel, before he met his eyes with a deer in the headlights look.
Around 5 in the evening, a knock on the door distracted him from his thoughts and he looked up to see Cas standing in the doorway.
When Castiel turns to take his seat, Dean nearly had a heart attack. Castiel is wearing dark rimmed glasses that bring attention to his goddamn fucking
Dean turned around and kissed Cas full on the lips, audience be damned. He heard Charlie hooting and cheering for them but paid her no mind. His arms were full of Cas who was kissing him back and there was nothing else he’s rather do at the time. Their kiss turned indecent for public settings very quickly.
He smirked at Cas’ whine of protest but noticed that Cas twisted his hands into the covers to avoid touching himself. Any other day, Dean would have loved to see Cas jerk himself off as Dean gave him a strip tease, but not today. Today he was going to tease the fuck out of Cas, and make him break his composure until Cas finally fucked him hard.
Dean knew what was coming next. He’d heard many parents blaming themselves for not knowing about Cancer and not being able to take care of their kids. So he went around the table and wrapped his arms around Cas, both of them sitting in a position similar to the previous evening, with their roles reversed.
Or maybe it was because he caught Sam necking Gabe one too many times in the kitchen. Not that Sam or Gabe know that he knows. (And he’ll need lots of brain bleach to remove that image from his mind, but it was fun to see them act straight around other people when he knew the truth and once he got over the Cas problem, Dean would tease them endlessly about it.) So many reasons for Dean to choose from about why he was having the dreams. Because C’mon everyone knew Dean was as straight as they came.
One of his hands lightly palmed his balls and rolled them in his palm, while the other made its way slowly up his torso to pinch his nipple to a hard nub. He squeezed his balls slightly, just on the right side of the pain-pleasure line and groaned as his dick filled up and stood hard at attention. He teased his thighs right where they met his groin, but without paying any attention to his dick, he grabbed the bottle of lube and poured some out on his fingers. Reaching behind himself, he teased his hole with one slick finger, and slowly pushed it in till his knuckles. Dean bit his lip to fight back a moan as he pumped his finger into his hole and added another. By the time he was three fingers in, his knees were getting weak and his cock was aching and dripping pre come with every tough to his prostate. He continued to pump his fingers into his hole, while his other hand wrapped around his dick. He stroked himself a couple of times, his grip tight enough to tease himself but not tight enough to relieve any pressure. It took Dean all his willpower to stop touching himself before he came in the shower.
By this time, Mr. Novak looked tense, almost as if he was afraid that his sexuality would come in the way of his daughter’s treatment. Dean decided to put his fears to rest.
Dean recollected the events of the evening, up until the point where he went to talk to Cas. He knew Gabe wanted to know what he had said, and that he wouldn’t let him off by just telling him a vague version of the chat. But at the same time, he didn’t want to admit to Gabe how stupid he had been. He knew he was to blame, but he couldn’t let Gabe remind him again how much of a failure he had been. He didn’t want anyone else to remind him that he wasn’t a really good friend and that all he did was destroy the people he loved.
WHOOP ANOTHER CHAPTER WITH SEX! DISCLAIMER: EVEN THOUGH I READ A LOT OF GAY SEX, AND HAVE A LOT OF GAY SEX, I ABSOLUTELY SUCK AT WRITING ABOUT GAY SEX (ALTHOUGH THAT MIGHT BE BECAUSE MY SEX NEVER HAS ANY DICKS INVOLVED (EXCEPT FOR THAT ONE TIME BUT WE DON’T TALK ABOUT IT) BUT WHATEVER) SO HERE YOU GO, OUR BOYS HAVING SEX. I’M NOT TOO HAPPY WITH THE CHAPTER BUT I’M NOT WRITING THIS SHIT AGAIN, DEAL WITH IT.
“Dr. Dean Winchester has a date?! Dr. Dean Winchester who never took a day off, not only took a day off today but also has a date? Miracle of Holy Miracles. Praise the Lord and whatnot. How did this happen? Who is he?”
“I’ll be in touch, Dean. Take care.” With that, Cas left the room, still looking a little lost and very rattled. No amount of mental preparation could have made it easier for him to know that his daughter had Cancer. Dean leaned against the door of his room and sighed as he watched Cas go. He really hoped that Claire would be fine, and not only because he was beginning to have a crush on her father, but also because it was always sad to see a child go from being an energetic bundle of joy to a weak kid in a matter of days and he always wanted his kids to survive.
Cas was getting harder by the second at the man’s words and he was sure that he could feel the other man’s erection against him. He quickly slapped some money on the counter and pulled the man out with him. As soon as they were out of the bar, Cas pressed the man up to the wall beside the door and kissed him greedily. After almost no hesitation the man began kissing him back, and Goddamn he was good at it. Before Cas knew, they were panting against each other and rolling their hips together. When the man broke the kiss to breathe, he began to mouth at Cas’ neck and suck marks into the skin. Cas moaned and took a breath before speaking,
After an hour of driving, Cas finally got Dean to pull over in what seemed like an abandoned parking lot. Sure there were other cars there too, but the building in front of it looked like it would fall apart any second. Skeptically, he asked,
One of Cas’ hands wrapped around Dean’s dick and jacked him off where his mouth didn’t reach and the other rolled his balls and squeezed them just hard enough to not be painful, but pleasurable. Passing his balls, his hand moved further to his hole and pressed in. It took only a couple of thrusts against his prostate before Dean came harder than he could remember. He bit his knuckles to try and stifle his moans.
indeed making him breakfast but holy fuck was he wearing the most enticing outfit ever. Cas was wearing a tight red and black corset, the tightest,
And if all these mixed signals from his very helpful (note the sarcasm dripping from every syllable of the word) friends weren’t enough, he was receiving mixed signals from Cas too. That or maybe he was reading too much into normal things and projecting his feelings.
“Fuuuuuck” Dean let out between pants, and tried to get even closer to Cas. Cas in return slid his hand up inside Dean’s shirt and immediately zero’ed in on his nipple, pinching and twisting both of them in turn, causing Dean to squirm with pleasure. Dean was swiftly hurtling towards his orgasm, and if Cas continued the assault on his nipples, he wouldn’t last long. Dry humping in his sweatpants was something Dean hadn’t done since he was a teenager and that just made the entire situation a hundred times sexier.
Dean was close to having a full blown panic attack, trying to anticipate what would happen and trying to get himself to calm down just seemed to aggravate it more. At a loss about what to do, he dialled Charlie, she would know what to do. As he waited for her to answer the call, his eyes fell on his wardrobe and he realized he had no idea what to wear. By then he was panicking completely and he had no idea what he said to Charlie, only that 10 minutes later, she was letting herself in with the spare key she had.
As it began to get dark, Balth told him to get up because they had somewhere to be. Groggy, Cas woke up and helped Balth clear up. By the time they were in the car, Cas was fully awake and ready to go wherever they were going. Soon they stopped in front of Balth’s house and Balth got out to open his door and escort him to the door like the gentleman that he was. As they entered the house and turned on the light, a bunch of people shouted ‘Happy Birthday’ to him and came to hug him. Among of the first to hug him was Gabe, who Cas was pleasantly surprised to see there.
Cas blushes and hides his face into Dean’s shoulder before dropping open mouthed kisses all over Dean’s neck. “You deserve this, Dean. you deserve all the happiness. Happy anniversary, my love.”
A while later, Dean leaves Charlie to decorate the main room, and goes into Ben’s room to wake him up and get him ready for the party. Shaking Ben softly, he whispers,
Hesitating a bit, he turned around and ploughed on, “I told him I love him, Gabe. I told Cas I am in love with him, right after he found out his boyfriend was cheating on him, on his birthday party.” Dean rubbed a hand across his mouth. “God, I’m such a fuck up! Why couldn’t I have kept quiet! There had to be a better time to tell him about it. Any other time, really. Why did I have to be so stupid?”
Cas cut Dean off with another kiss. “Dean. Why wouldn’t I want you? Why wouldn’t anyone want you? You’re one of the most selfless people I’ve ever met. If it was up to you, you’d spend your entire time with the kids, your own wellbeing be damned. I am honored to know that you want me back when you could have anyone else you wanted. I don’t do one night stands, Dean. And if it is acceptable to you, I would very much like to take you out on a date tomorrow.”
“Yeah well he’s my best friend, if he needs something, his needs come before sex. I’d do the same for you.”
Dean mumbled something on the lines of “first day of holidays, Cas” which Cas didn’t hear through the closed door. Even if he had heard it, what Dean said was muffled by the pillow and he wouldn’t have been able to understand what Dean said.
Claire laughed at her father’s antics and replied, “No, silly. We just met yesterday!” wow. Apparently little kids didn’t know how to control their volume. Not that it should surprise Dean after working with kids for so long, but it almost always did.
When they stopped at the hospital, the kids were having their daily story time thing that Charlie had come up with. The idea was to engage all the kids in some sort of activity at the same time so that even those who are too weak to do much, get to socialize with other kids instead of just lying in their beds all day long. Even though it was called story time, it was actually Do Whatever You Want As Long As You Stay In This Room And Talk To Everyone time and it was the best part of the day according to the children.
Cas nodded and said goodbye to Blondie, followed by a peck to his lips and went inside. Dean was left having a glare war with Blondie when he said
God, Dean wished he knew how it was going to go, so that he could stop being so anxious about meeting Cas. Huh. That’s one thing Dean never thought he’d say. Who would have known he’d ever be anxious about meeting his best friend?
Dean nodded enthusiastically and took out a couple of notes from his wallet that he was sure would pay for both of them and leave a hefty tip.
Ignoring the various protests made by Dean's body, Dean sat up and tackled Cas to the bed and climbed on top of him. After being inseparable, attached by the hip, and a various other phrases called by people over the years, since they were still in their diapers, Dean knew exactly what weaknesses Cas had. Being ticklish was one of them, right at the top.
Dean was going to have a really hard time, no pun intended. No one should be allowed to be this sinfully hot.
In a bad attempt to hide his smile, Cas pulled Dean in for a kiss, which Dean enthusiastically returned, leading to a short make out session. Not that Dean was complaining.
So yeah, Cas had been dealt a crap hand in life and Dean wanted to make him feel nice. Well, nicer than he usually tried to make Cas feel. So he decided to make something himself for the two of them. He decided to make them some lasagne and garlic bread along with some wine. Dean was more of a beer guy himself but Cas loved him some wine and Dean was willing to do it for him. Making Cas his favourite meal along with the stupid romantic comedies he loved so much, Dean was sure this was going to be the best date Cas had ever had.
By that time, Cas was fucking him with three of his fingers, and Dean was getting impatient. His arms were slightly sore, in the best way possible, and his dick was dripping pre come again. He needed to be fucked, and he needed to be fucked quickly. Somehow, between moans and gasps he managed to convey his message to Cas, who immediately pulled out and wrapped the condom on his dick. He must have slicked himself up because the next thing Dean knew was that there was a dick teasing his hole, applying some pressure but not pushing in. Dean pushed back but Cas just pulled away and clicked his tongue.
“Are you trying to convince me or yourself?” Charlie asks. Charlie is his oldest friend and had volunteered to babysit Ben while Dean went out. He felt guilty about making her spend her day stuck at home with the kid, but as she reminded him, she volunteered. Now, while Ben ate his lunch, she was helping Dean select a good outfit, that was fancy enough for a date but casual enough for a non-date. Charlie had raided his entire wardrobe, rejecting all his band T-Shirts right off the bat, stating that they were too casual.
As soon as Dean closed the door behind them, Cas spun him around and pinned Dean to the wall, kissing him greedily. He held up Dean’s arms and pinned his wrists against the wall above his head with one hand, as the other explored his body. Cas ground his hips against Dean and he could feel the hard line of Cas’ erection against him, its heat could be felt through all the layers of clothes. Cas’ grip on him tightened and there was nothing Dean could do, and GOD did it turn him on.
Just around the time he reached his Car, Cas called out to him and jogged to keep up. “You are not driving on so little sleep, Dean. I’m going to drop you off to your place and then pick you up around 7. Then I will drive you here to pick your car and we’ll go somewhere to drink. Now come on, get in my car and tell me where you live.”
That shut Cas right up while the others laughed at his expense. Dean turned to Cas and squeezed his shoulder with a wink, just to make sure he knew they were all just joking. Cas smiled at the gesture and the conversation continued around them.
Dean was in the kitchen preparing himself something to eat when his phone rang. Since Cas would be eating with his date, this was the first time in a long time that Dean had to prepare a meal for only one person. Earlier it used to be for him and Sammy and then him and Cas, so Dean was feeling a bit unbalanced having to cook for one. That’s why when his phone rang, he answered without looking at the caller id like he always did.
The change in position made Cas moan in a way that was indicative of how Cas was in what Dean referred to as the Needy!Bottom mode. They both went through phases of that when all they wanted was to sit with the other man’s cock in his ass and never move. With that in mind, Dean lifted Cas up completely and wrapped both his legs around the base of his spine. He could feel Cas’ dick twitch wildly as he walked them to the bedroom.
Cas is upset. Of course Cas is upset, this isn’t the first time Dean has had to cancel their weekly date night. And yet, even though Cas is upset, he still covered Dean with a blanket when he fell asleep working in his office. Cas is a gem and deserves much better, Dean thinks, but he’s so thankful that Cas loves him so much.
A while later, Dean was talking about his job at the fire station when he suddenly looked up and realized that they were much closer now that they  had been earlier. It would take one of them to lean in just a bit for their lips to touch. Dean’s breath hitched at the proximity and he licked his lips, he noticed Cas’ eyes track the movement. At that, Cas looked up to him and said,
Dean leaned back and wrapped Cas’ legs around him, locking his ankles behind his ass, and moved one hand to jack Cas off. It took only two strokes for Cas to spill white between them.
Dean got better at ignoring the pain as time passed but never forgets. Neither did he forgive himself for chasing Cas away. But that’s something he’d have to live with, and hope that he will get over it. He missed Cas and he hoped that Cas could get over it too.
Before Dean could reply, the doctor came in and told them that Cas was out of surgery and was mostly out of danger, but they didn’t know when he would wake up.
It was an awkward message, but that’s how Dean felt – awkward. Reading Cas’ message made his heart ache in a new way – he knew he messed up and he had almost began to come to terms with the idea that he had lost Cas completely. But when Cas texted him, he felt something like hope bloom in his chest. If Cas was texting him, did that mean that eventually they’d be fine? He had no idea what to make of it, but not knowing how it would go made Dean uneasy with anticipation. He hoped he didn’t mess it all up again. He was pulled out of his musings with his phone pinging.
With that thought, Dean fished his mobile out of his pocket to check if there were any missed texts or calls from Cas.
“Hey, Cas. I’m sorry about Balthsa- Bathal- Balth’r- your boyfriend. He was a dick and if it helps, I never liked him anyway.” There was more than a slight slur to his words and it was obvious that he was still very drunk.
Sooooooooo, I haven’t been updating this in a long ass time, and for that I apologize. Depression is acting up and my life seems to be going to Hell. I don’t plan to abandon the fic, I promise to fully see this through, but I can’t promise when I’ll be able to upload next. I’m sorry for keeping y’all dangling by a thread and whatnot and if I manage to come out of this stupid shit unharmed, I swear I’ll finish this up. Until next time <3
Dean couldn’t believe this. Cas wanted to date him. Cas wanted to take him out and be seen with him in public. Oh God. This was something Dean had wanted for so long, he was giddy with happiness because it was finally happening.
They ended up collapsed on top of each other and must have fallen asleep because when Dean woke up, the first thing he noticed before opening his eyes was the feeling of someone lying on top of him. The next thing he felt was a splitting headache and the sound of his alarm blazing, which was way too loud for his hung-over brain to handle.
These days the only thing Dean did was drink and pass out because of drinking too much. Some days, Charlie would come over and drink with him, and on the other days, she would shout at him for ruining his life like his dad had. It was a low blow and instead of making Dean want to clean up his act, it made him shout back at her, telling her to leave before he ruined their friendship too. But Charlie was stubborn, she stuck with him despite what he said and always answered his calls, even at 3 in the night, when all he did was cry over losing Cas. Losing Cas was like going through a break up even though they never were together to begin with. Dean spent the days crying over losing his best friend. The hollow pain in his chest never left and Dean had no idea what to do that would make it better.
Cas didn’t know when he fell asleep, but when he woke up, it was to an empty bed and slight disappointment. He looked for his phone to check the time and saw that there were a couple of unread messages.
CAS: I know I’m probably the last person you want to hear from right now, and I apologize. How are you doing?
Seeing Cas lying in such a pitiful way made Dean want to vomit. He had caused this. He was the reason that Cas was here on the brink of death, instead of enjoying his birthday like he deserved to. Sure, Dean wanted Cas’ birthdays to be memorable, but this is not how he wanted to achieve it.
“Yeah laugh it off, Samantha. We’ll see who will be laughing when you wake with your hair chopped off.” Dean replied with a too innocent smile, and threw a wink towards Cas. “And Cas here will make sure I don’t ‘accidentally’ cut your hair too evenly. Can’t have that happening mow, can I?”
“Oh hey, Cas. I totally forgot. I, uh, I lost track of time and, well, uh, yeah.” Awesome, Winchester. Again with the teenage girl crap.
against Dean’s prostate, making him come immediately. His white cum decorated Cas’ corset as he rode out his orgasm, and Dean slumped against Cas’ letting the man use him for his own pleasure. The speed of Cas’ thrusts increased as he bounced Dean on his cock against the wall. Dean dragged two of his fingers through the mess on Cas’ corset and sucked his cum into his mouth. Cas groaned at the sight, and Dean took the opportunity to kiss Cas and push the cum into his mouth instead. Tasting Dean’s cum in his mouth was the last straw for Cas and he came with a shout of
It was possibly hours before he was finally able to fall asleep with tears in his eyes about not being able to tell Cas he loved him ever. Especially now that Cas was so happy to be dating Blondie. He would never mess that up for his best friend even if it meant hurting himself. Cas deserved to be happy and if it was Blondie who made him happy then Dean would just be civil towards him.
“Dean-” Cas began, teary eyed, but Dean stopped him and opened the box he had retrieved from his pocket, revealing a gorgeous silver ring, engraved with small sapphire and emerald stones.
Anyway, as always this is unbeta’ed and all mistakes are mine. English isn’t my first language so feel free to point out any and all mistakes. Constructive criticism is welcome.
Sure enough, the next thrust was hard enough to punch out all the air from his lungs, making him gasp in pleasure. “I’ll show you what I can do, Dean. I may be older than you but by no means am I an old man.” Cas growled as he fucked into Dean even harder.
"Oh Holy Shit I totally forgot your brothers were over! Awesome. I'm coming over to your place. We need to talk. And I want to meet your brothers. Seeya in a bit."
Finally, after Dean washed his face, brushed his teeth and peed, he went out to see that Cas was awake and surprisingly not hung-over. He was making something in the kitchen and singing to himself, still way too loud for Dean’s comfort. He went into the kitchen and before he could tell Cas to shut up, he stopped singing himself and turned back.
As the date progressed, they got drunker and more comfortable with public affection. When Dean beat Cas at yet another game of Pacman, Cas stuck out his bottom lip in an adorable pout and Dean leaned forward to kiss him. As Cas wrapper his arm around Dean’s waist to kiss him back, Dean heard someone cough and call them faggots.
“Don’t thank me, Cas. I just did what any decent person would have done. That guy was a total douchebag and he needed to be put back in his place. I’m sorry he tried to ruin our date. You’d probably never face this problem when you’re with a girl. I’m –“
That night Dean slept like a log, better than he had in a long time. Thank God for visiting brothers who wore him out, right?
Dean was so distracted by the sensations that he missed the sound of the bottle opening, and the next thing he knew, there was a cold finger pressed against his hole, not quite pushing in. he moaned loudly and pushed his hips back, trying to get it in. when Cas pushed in his finger, it burned a bit. Dean stiffened and Cas must have felt it because he redoubled his efforts around Dean’s cock, trying to distract him. Soon Dean had relaxed enough to start begging for more fingers.
“Take me home, Dean.” Cas said in that gravelly voice of his, and damn if Dean was going to refuse that offer. Talking could wait, he was going to finally have sex with Cas.
Ugh, Dean will never get over how curses sound much hotter when coming from Cas’ mouth. “Yeah, well, can’t blame a man for wanting to get fucked by his husband, who apparently looks like all his wet dreams combined.”
Even before Cas mentioned where he lived, Dean was nodding enthusiastically and clearing up his table.
Cas straddled his thighs and wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck while Dean let his arms roam around Cas legs, thighs and ass. After kissing like that for a few minutes, Cas ground against him, making their erections to come into contact, reminding him of what they were going to do. Suddenly there was an urgent tension in the air. They both clawed at the other’s clothes, practically ripping them off their bodies, until they were both there only in their boxers.
He went around his table and wrapped his arms around the father as he began to cry. They sat like that for a while, until his tears subsided and then Mr. Novak began asking other questions. How long would the treatment take? How much would it cost? When Dean stated the price, his eyes went wide.
When Dean goes up to his room to get ready for the day, he sees Cas sleeping peacefully in bed, clutching Dean’s pillow so tightly to his face that it would make Dean laugh, if he didn’t know it was his fault. Dean carefully lay down beside Cas, probably making what Sam called heart eyes at his husband as he combed his fingers through the soft hair. The touch seems to wake Cas up as he nuzzled against Dean’s hand and purred like the cat he sometimes acted like.
Cas was currently in surgery. He had sustained some serious head injuries and would take some time to recover, even if the surgery went smoothly.
When Cas had first showed up on Dean’s doorstep that evening, Dean had felt annoyed that he hadn’t had the time to jerk off in the shower, because he was sure that as good as Cas looked, there was no way his dick wouldn’t make an appearance that night. But as the night drew on, any thoughts about wanting to bone Cas had left his mind and they settled into a comfortable friendship. So what if they didn’t have much of a concept of personal space? They were on the road to becoming good friends and that’s all Dean could ask for. He was more than happy to just be a friend to Cas, if that’s what Cas wanted. But now when they were alone in Cas’ room, with his daughter spending the night with her mother, and Dean was changing into clothes that smelled like Cas, in Cas’ house, surrounded by Cas’ stuff, he was more than just turned on. Of course he couldn’t do anything about it. Masturbating in a friend’s bathroom? Not at all cool. So instead, Dean thought of the most unsexy things his brain could come up with, such as Bobby in swimming trunks, until his not so little situation went away and went outside to join Cas in the guest room where Cas had insisted that Dean would sleep, instead of on the couch.
Ben, as usual, makes a mess of his breakfast, even more so than usual, because of his high energy levels.
Dean turns to look at the person who helped him and immediately drowns in the pools of clear blue that are his eyes.
The next day when Claire’s results came through, Dean knew he would have to call her father to tell him the news in person. It was never easy to tell a parent that their child had Cancer and he particularly didn’t want to tell Cas because he didn’t want him to be upset. But he had to tell him and he would rather he told Cas himself than a nurse. He called Cas and set up an appointment to meet in his office in an hour.
Just as he was falling asleep, Dean knew that his neck and shoulders would hate him in the morning, but that night, curled up on the couch, Dean slept better than he mostly slept, even though the couch was an uncomfortable piece of crap.
“I am Claire Novak and this is my daddy Cas Novak.” Claire’s two front teeth were missing, giving her a slight lisp and she had a glint in her eyes, which after working with kids for so long, Dean knew meant nothing good.
Dean usually prides himself on the fact that once he starts teaching, he doesn’t easily get distracted, but less than five minutes into the class, as Dean is explaining the metaphysical aspects of Donne’s poetry to his class, his gaze lands on Castiel and his eyes pretty much drop out of his head. One of Castiel’s hands is wrapped around a bottle of water, caressing the plastic in an obscene way, twisting his hand and flicking his wrist as if it was wrapped around a dick, while his lips are wrapped around his pencil, perfect and round, as they would be wrapped around a cock. Locking eyes with Dean, Castiel opens his legs just a bit more, as if he knows what effect he has on Dean, and looks away with a wink.
"Yeah well you didn't grow up with all the eye fucking they do. I just really wish Dean would get his head out of his ass and see that he and Cas are already boyfriends. I mean I can see that Dean is in love with Cas, everyone else can see they love each other, but they can't see it. How blind can someone be?"
: As much as I enjoyed last night, I really want to try some of the toys in your drawer, should you be amenable to that.
With a small, chaste peck to his lips, Cas went back behind Dean, pulled his cheeks apart, and thrust his tongue right into Dean’s hole along with his fingers. In no time, Dean’s dick came back to life and he was eagerly thrusting back towards Cas’ mouth, moaning like a porn star.
They decided to have lunch at a restaurant a few blocks from Dean’s house, in a few days’ time. That night, Dean slept with a smile on his face, without a bottle of Whiskey, for the first time in a long time.
“That was one of the best impulsive decision I’ve ever made. No, it WAS the best impulsive decision I’ve ever made.” Cas said, a smile lighting up his face.
Balthazar had somehow figured out the truth and did his best to console Castiel as the news spread that the prince was going around the kingdom to find the man who had accidentally left a handprint on his arm. At the mention of the handprint, Castiel’s hopes lifted because he might have been the man but he didn’t let it get to him because if his family found out, it would be a disaster of epic proportions.
"It was taking you too long to come out so I thought I'd come and get you." He says with a much too innocent shrug that makes Dean roll his eyes at Cas as he exits his car.
Usually Dean would have gone to Sam with relationship problems but the little bitch was already teasing him about Cas for a long time and it wasn’t worth giving him more ammo, especially when it was true. And last that Dean knew, Sam wasn’t even into dicks, but apparently he was wrong there, seeing how Sam was all over Gabe. Just the thought of the two of them sent a shudder down Dean’s spine. That little bitch had some explaining to do before Dean told him anything about Cas.
Dean had been very drunk by the time he had joined Cas outside. Obviously. That’s why he ended up saying what he said to him. And damn, if he didn’t regret it. How could he have been so insensitive? Cas was hurting, he had just caught his boyfriend in bed with someone else, on his birthday, at his party. And yet, Dean had to go ahead and spill what he had kept a secret for so long. God – fucking – dammit. Even through his drunken haze, as Dean confessed his feelings, he knew he was drunk and it wouldn’t end well and he’ll end up losing his best friend, but nothing sobered up Dean faster than the sound of screeching tires, crashing glass and the dull, distant thud of a body falling on the ground.
A while later, Dean was up to three fingers and lost all patience. He moved forward and in a swift motion flipped Cas over, onto his back. He quickly wrapped Cas' dick with the condom and smothered it with lube. The feeling of Dean’s hand on his dick was exquisite and provided a much needed friction. Cas closed his eyes and moaned, but they snapped open as soon as he felt Dean straddling him and sinking onto his cock.
Dean, even though totally on board with this turn of events, was still confused about what was going on.
Dean scoffed and went back inside, leaving Blondie to go back as well, and went to look for Cas to talk about the date. Just because he wasn’t the one dating Cas didn’t mean he wouldn’t be supportive of his best friend dating others. He would support Cas dating anyone even if he hated their guts for doing what Dean couldn’t.
“Dean, I can’t go with you. As much as I’d want to, my family would kill me if they ever found out I was at the ball-”
“So? How was your day off? I heard you went back to Cas’ place. Did you guys do it? Oh you totally did, didn’t you? How was he? Was he the best sex you ever had? He looks like he’d be amazing in bed. How –“
“Yeah well I hate to burst your bubble but I don’t want a piece of it.” Dean replied with a smug expression, enjoying seeing Charlie get all flustered.
In reality, Dean wrapped his hand around his dick right as Cas’ lips wrapped around the head of Dean’s dick. The slight touch was a relief from all the pressure, causing Dean to sigh with pleasure. Dean’s hand squeezed slightly at the head of his dick, right at Cas, in his imagination, began to suck at it.
Shortly after they first hooked up, Dean found out that Cas liked to sleep naked, and who was Dean to stop Cas from influencing Dean to do the same? So now, they both slept naked, with the night starting off with Dean as the little spoon, but eventually ending up being Cas as the little spoon. Because despite what Cas said, he loved being held safely in Dean’s arms.
“So I made you some Lasagne and garlic bread and I thought we could have some wine with it and watch your stupid Romantic Comedies tonight.”
Please feel free to point out any and all mistakes, as this chapter is unbeta'ed and English is not my first language.
"Holy SHIT you did?! What did she say! C'mon Char don't kill me in suspense." Cas exclaimed loudly which immediately got the attention of Gabe, who once more was hitting on poor Sammy.
The next few minutes were an indecent soundtrack of moans and curses with the background of a chair squeaking on the floor, as they both lost themselves in each other.
He turned to the guy and smiled sweetly, “Would you look at that, even as faggots, we can get more pussy than you. How does that make you feel? Come on, Cas, let’s go.”
“Okay, so” Dean began. He was going to explain the pros and cons of Claire staying at the hospital vs her staying at home when Cas interrupted him.
“Sit up, and spread your legs for me.” he told Cas, and gave him a soft smile when Cas sat up at the edge of the bed and opened his legs. Dean moved forward to stand between Cas’ open legs and leaned in to kiss him. They stayed like that, kissing for a few moments, before Dean pulled back and went to stand near the opposite wall.
He took in hand the shirt Charlie had chosen. It was a red plaid button – up, which made his eyes pop up, he had been told – and a black t-shirt to wear under it. He took the clothes and changed into them, while Charlie rummaged through his stuff, looking for God knows what.
Dean whined but did as he was told. He pulled Cas forward, laying him down on the bed, and ate his husband out like a man starving. And boy was he starving. It had been too long since he had gotten to do this, and the sounds that Cas was making were going straight to his cock, making it twitch wildly against nothing. Cas carded his hand through dean’s hair and pushed his head harder against his ass, basically fucking his hole with Dean’s mouth. Dean had wrapped his arms around Cas’ thighs and could feel the heels digging into his back. Too soon and not soon enough, Cas pulled him back and leaned forward to kiss him, moaning at the taste of himself in Dean’s mouth.
“Hello, Dean.” and damn if that doesn’t make Dean want to melt into a puddle of arousal! Cas should not be allowed to be this effortlessly sexy.
By the time Cas had dropped him off at the hospital for his shift, he was already running late for work so they decided that Cas would come over to the hospital after school, along with Claire. There while Claire was with the nurses and other kids, getting to know them, Dean and Cas would discuss the best plan of action about what to do for her.
The night before they were supposed to meet, Dean didn’t sleep too well, but this time, it was because he was too excited to meet Cas. He hoped that for the sake of him and all his friends, the meeting went well and that they could be friends again.
Cas leaned his head back and almost moaned out at the feeling of the guy’s breath on his ear when the words hit him. Cas stilled and gaped at the man. Did he-? He wasn’t-
Dean shook his head instead of replying and moved to get up, when he felt the gross mess that was in his pants.
Cas had a dopey smile on his face at this mini speech of Dean’s. Cas got up with a mischievous glint in his eyes, and palmed his rock hard cock through his – Dean’s – sweatpants.
Dean’s eyes widen in horror. Spending Christmas alone? There’s no way he wouldn’t have invited them over, even without Charlie’s pestering.
All of a sudden, Castiel was brought back to reality by the city clock chiming twelve. It was midnight and Castiel was late in getting back home! He removed his hand from Dean’s arm where it was been gripping the Prince the entire night, and rushed out, running to get home on time. He ran until he was out of breath and then some more until he reached home. And just in time too, because as soon as he and Balthazar changed back into their clothes, the rest of the family returned, gossiping about the mystery man who had caught the prince’s attention.
It had been over a week since Dean had overheard Charlie talking to his brother about his apparent crush on Cas and ever since then, he had woken each night to soiled underwear. Each night he would have these vivid wet dreams about his gay best friend, thanks to his other gay best friend. Stupid gay friends and their big mouths. And big cocks, his traitor brain supplied, if his dreams and Cas’ morning wood was anything to go by. Dammit.
“Fuck! Cas! So close – MMMMMH – oh God! Harder, CAS!” Dean moaned, right at the edge, closer than before, desperate for something to push him over the edge.
This thought brought Dean back to the present, when on one of his low days, Cas decided it would be a good idea to go to a bar and get drunk. It was Friday and neither of them had to get up early the next morning. Sam and Jess were invited too, and Sam left no chance to tease Dean about the ‘double date’ they were going on. It wasn’t a ‘double date’, Cas and he weren’t dating, dammit. But Sammy wasn’t bothered by that, he was being a little bitch, teasing Dean at every opportunity he got. Jess, while berating Sam’s comments, still teased Dean as much as Sam did. This is why he hated people; they get one hint of a crush and they can’t stop talking about it. Of course it was common knowledge by now that Dean had a major crush on Cas and his brother decided to take it in his hands and get Cas to unknowingly touch Dean in a way that, even though was platonic, sent shivers down Dean’s spine solely because it was Cas. Cas, thankfully was unaware of what was going on, deciding to ignore the other three in favor for the line of shots he had ordered. Either that, or he was purposefully ignoring it, so as to not embarrass Dean in front of everyone with his rejection.
Soon, the party was in full swing and Cas was whisked away by various people to talk to. Among the guests were Meg and Alfie as well, who were from his classes, as well as what seemed to be the entire student body.
“How can I help you?” he asked. He knew Balthazar hated it when Castiel was so formal with him but by now the habit had been beaten into him and Castiel preferred to keep it up with everyone.
Dean turned around and took a deep breath to calm down the boner that was forming under his towel. He went to his room and grabbed a blue T-shirt that he thought would fit Cas well. He also grabbed a pair of boxers and wore them, it was way more comfortable than the towel.
"Geez woman, you scares me!" he exclaimed before he started to hit shamelessly on her too. Apparently Gabe had missed the memo that Charlie was strictly into girls, so Dean and Cas had an amazing time watching Gabe get turned down again and again without any idea that he was barking up the wrong tree.
Cas was in his room buttoning up his jeans. His jeans that hugged his ass in such a perfect way that Dean had to remind himself to breathe because HOLY FUCK Cas had a phenomenally perfect ass. That ass should be made illegal. Cas was wearing nothing – absolutely nothing – on top. Dean wasn’t sure if he should check out Cas’ ass or his chest. Cas had a perfectly chiselled chest, how had Dean missed that before? Dean’s eyes raked Cas’ naked torso with the hunger of  someone who hadn’t gotten laid in ages. Although, in Dean’s case that was pretty accurate.
“OH GODDAMMIT DEAN WINCHESTER SHUT UP AND KISS HIM ALREADY! THIS WAS THE MOST HEART WRENCHING LOVE CONFESSION EVER!”
They made out like that for a few minutes, or a century, Dean wasn’t sure, with both of them grinding against each other. Suddenly, the weight of Cas’ body lifted and he was turned around again. He could feel the thick line of Cas’ erection settle snugly against the crack of his ass, at the same time as he felt one of Cas’ hands dip into his jeans to palm at his cock, and the other move up under his shirt to play with Dean’s nipple. Holy fuck, Dean had never been this turned on before. He ground his ass against Cas’ crotch. Cas’ began mouthing at Dean’s neck, biting lightly, and said, “I think you better open the door and take me to your room because otherwise I won’t be responsible for what happens right here out in the open.”
Dean knew Cas had a thing for his strength. His long hours at the garage sometimes brought him home late and covered with sweat and grease and on those days all Cas seems to want was for Dean to lift him up and fuck him against a wall. Dean obviously never complained about it.
“Yeah whatever, Winsister.” She replied in a nonchalant manner that Dean hated, especially with that nickname. Damn you Charlie.
Dean rushed to the street and even though he had a pretty good idea who had been hit, the shock of seeing his best friend lying there in a pool of his own blood was enough to give anyone nightmares. From a distance, all he saw was a body lying on the ground, and the driver kneeling besides the body. Dean’s heart missed a few beats at the thought of Cas being so hurt that he might have died. That too because of him. Shit.
Charlie hung up before Dean could crack a joke about how last time a girl said 'We need to talk' to him, it ended up with a pregnancy scare or something equally lame.
At this point, Dean knew he was babbling, and most of what he said probably didn’t even make sense. Dean was looking down at his hands and missed the look on Cas’ face. He did, however, feel the shift in the couch as Cas shifted towards him.
“Oh yeah, he is quite the troublemaker, and always goes against what father says. Whether it is because he is rebelling to his name, or if he’s living up to his name is debatable.”
Blondie didn’t look even a bit fazed as he replied, “Yeah don’t worry Romeo, your precious won’t be harmed, not by me at least. I might have the sort of vibe going on where I seem to not care about others, but I do care about Castiel and I won’t hurt him, calm your balls.”
After spending some time with Claire, and Dean checking up on the other kids, they were finally ready to head out for their date. Dean tried to figure out where they were going by insisting that he would drive, but Cas decided that instead of giving him the location, he’d just give him directions to the location. Stupid Cas and his stupid smart brain.
That’s it, Dean thought. He had died and this was his heaven. Cas, booze and arcade games.  HELL YEAH! He pulled Cas in for a chaste kiss and murmured a small thanks against his date’s lips, who smiled blindingly at Dean.
“I don’t have a mommy. She said she didn’t like my daddy when he said he became a bicycle.” Bicycle?
Just like that, a switch flipped in Cas’ mind and his actions became even more desperate. As soon as he had removed Dean’s jeans and his own shirt, he knelt in front of Dean and wasted no time teasing, choosing instead to mouth at Dean’s dick and lick him through his panties. Cas pulled at Dean’s Henley with one hand, wordlessly telling him to take it off, while his other hand squeezed Dean’s ass and alternated with toying with his balls. Dean quickly took off his shirt and moved his hands to rest on Cas’ head, pushing it closer to his own dick. That was the closest he could come to fucking Cas’ mouth from this angle.
“... Deanie weenie? Hello?” Gabe’s voice called out to him from the other end of the call, breaking Dean out of his trance where he was staring at Cas’ ass. Cas who was bent at the waist looking in the fridge for water, had no idea what effect his jeans was having on Dean.
The rest of the class passes in pretty much the same manner. Castiel teases Dean (and his dick) mercilessly, smirking and winking at him, and no matter how much Dean tells himself he won’t look at the student, he can’t keep his eyes away.
The disappointment on Cas' face about Dean needing to go quickly disappears and he happily gives his number to Dean.
Cas grinned back at Dean and made his way into his room, waiting for Dean to bring his breakfast to him. While he waited for Dean, Cas decided to check his phone which was beeping with all the unread messages. He had a few from his classmates, one from Gabe and Sam and one from Balth.
Dean and Cas sat there for who knows how long, their hearts full with the love they felt for each other. Later, Dean would tease Cas about the
Though is wasn’t a date, was it? It would never actually be a date because Cas didn’t know Dean was into him, or even into guys. Hell, till some time ago, Dean didn’t even know he was into guys, how could Cas know. So Dean would make this the best not-a-date date Cas had ever had.
“Yeah yeah whatever.” With a playful nudge to Sam’s side and a not so subtle wink towards him and Jess, Dean left to go home.
Dean had no idea where Cas was staying these days, but he figured he was staying with Sam and Gabe, which made him feel worse because those two were dragged into his drama.
“Yeah I know, Cas told me. Blondie it is. Here’s the deal. I hate your guts but Cas is my best friend and he clearly doesn’t, so I’ll pretend to be civil with you, but if you so much as even think about hurting Cas, I will become your worst nightmare. I might not look like much but I will hunt you down and make sure no one hears from you again. And I have absolutely no problems with going to jail for dealing with someone who hurts Cas. Are we clear?”
“Well, Castiel, there’s no one here right now, and you clearly like the show. I was wondering- if, you know, I mean-” Dean stumbled embarrassingly. Dammit, Dean.
Skipping to the present, Castiel was pulled out of his thoughts by a sharp kick to his side, courtesy of his stepbrother, who wanted Castiel to wash a buttload of clothes and have them ready in an hour for the ball. Castiel scoffed internally; anyone who knew anything about house work knew that one hour was not enough to get the clothes washed and ready, but damn if it wasn’t going to try. Castiel spent the better part of the hour washing the clothes and drying them in the oven to get them ready for his ‘family’. The boys of the family were going to the ball because they were invited and the girls were going in the hopes of changing the prince’s mind.
Dean groaned as he paused the episode on his laptop and went to collect his coffee and pie. Watching him, the barista, who Dean had nicknamed Merlin in his head, smiled at him in amusement.
Groaning, Dean pushed Cas off himself and reached for his phone to turn off the alarm. Finally, with his alarm quiet, he woke up a bit and looked around. Sometime during the night their t-shirts had come off and now Cas was lying beside him, trying to snuggle into his side, humming contentedly when he found the warmth of Dean’s body beside him.
“Good morning, Dean!” he spoke too loud with a grin on his face which said that he knew exactly what he was doing.
With that, Dean rushed into his room to get dressed. Exactly two minutes later Dean came out with his clothes all buttoned up, and him being completely ready to leave. He found Cas looking at a picture of him as a kid with his mom. It was one of the very few pictured he had of his mom before she died, and was his favourite.
Dean reached the restaurant almost an hour early and sat in his car for a while, tapping along to his music, until it was an acceptable time to show up. He went in and took a seat, waiting anxiously for Cas to show up. The restaurant that Cas had chosen was a bit fancier than the ones Dean was used to visiting and that just seemed to add to his anxiety. Even though there was still time for Cas to show up, Dean began to fear that he wouldn’t come. What if he changed his mind? Dean shook himself out of those thoughts as he saw Cas enter and look around for him. He stood up and waved to Cas, catching his attention. Cas smiled and came closer and Goddamn, if he didn’t look like sex on legs. He was wearing a plain blue t-shirt which was tight on him at all the right places, and those jeans were absolutely sinful. They made his ass look amazing and it took Dean all his willpower to not kiss him senseless right there and beg him to come back.
“I accidentally flashed Cas and he saw me naked and I’m sure he wants me.” Dean said it all so fast that it came out as one word.
LET IT BE KNOWN THAT ANY AND ALL HOMOPHOBIC THOUGHTS AND IDEAS STATED IN THE CHAPTER AND NOT THE AUTHOR’S OWN IDEAS BECAUSE 1. THE AUTHOR IS LITERALLY READING AND WRITING GAY PORN, THERE IS NO WAY SHE IS A HOMOPHOBE, AND 2. THE AUTHOR HERSELF IS VERY VERY VERY GAY SO BEING A HOMOPHOBE IS JUST IDIOTIC. ALSO, I FIRMLY BELIEVE THAT HOMOPHOBIA IS STUPID, SO ARE ANY OTHER SUCH FORMS OF PHOBIAS AND PEOPLE SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO LOVE WHO THEY LOVE AND BE WHO THEY ARE WITHOUT OTHERS MAKING THEM FEEL BAD FOR IT.
“Really? How have you rebelled?” Dean was intrigued. Who would have thought that this Holy Tax Accountant looking guy would be a rebel by nature?
Taking a deep breath, Dean turned around to look at the face that accompanied the voice and stopped short. The man in question was more than just fucking hot. He had cheekbones that could cut glass, and a bad case of bedhead. The hair coupled with the voice made Dean think how the man would look after a round or few of vigorous sex, if this is what he looked like without sex. His eyes were so blue that they would put the oceans to shame. He was almost the same height as Dean, and despite the oversized clothes and an even larger tan colored trench coat, he seemed to have the body of a Greek God. Discreetly, Dean leaned back and – fuck – those ass and thighs made Dean’s mouth water. Dean took a shaky breath in and lifted his eyes to the man’s face to talk to him and realized that the man was looking right at Dean with amusement in his eyes.
With his husband and kids under the same roof, there is nothing about this picture that Dean would want to change.
“Fuck, you’re so gorgeous.” Cas groans and tries to fuck Dean even faster. Dean can feel the rough material of Cas’ jeans against his ass, and dammit, if getting fucked while still fully clothed isn’t the hottest thing ever.
Gilda was the girl Charlie had been crushing on for a long time and she was convinced Gilda was as straight as an Iron rod. Well, apparently not as straight as Charlie made out her to be.
Dean had no idea who moved first, but the next thing he knew was their lips crashing together in a kiss that was fuelled with desire.
Around halfway through this impromptu speech, Cas came back from his date and Dean got distracted, missing out the last part.
A few minutes later, they reached Dean’s place and Cas got out of his car, meeting Dean in front of his own car.
Sooooooooo, I haven’t been updating this in a long ass time, and for that I apologize. Depression is acting up and my life seems to be going to Hell. I don’t plan to abandon the fic, I promise to fully see this through, but I can’t promise when I’ll be able to upload next. I’m sorry for keeping y’all dangling by a thread and whatnot and if I manage to come out of this stupid shit unharmed, I swear I’ll finish this up. Until next time <3
“No, Cas. you were being a tease, so now it’s your turn to get teased. Go to our room and wait for me.” Dean smirked as he saw Cas stumble in his heels as he hurried towards their room. Giving Cas a taste of his own medicine, Dean cleaned up the kitchen and out away the food before heading to their room. When he got there, he saw Cas laying on the bed, hands twisted into the covers and legs dangling over the side. Dean closed the door and held back a chuckle when Cas jumped at the sound of the door.
Before he knew it, the day was over and Dean hadn’t gotten anything done and neither was he any close to figuring out if Cas had a crush on him.
“I’ll have a Gin and Tonic, please.” And Holy mother of all that is Holy. That voice made Dean’s dick perk right up. Dean hadn’t even turned around to see the man but he knew that this is the man who he wanted to take home that night. The voice was gravelly and something right out of his wet dreams.
The kiss ended too soon for Dean’s liking, and as far as first kisses went, it was not the best either, but it was everything he wanted from his and Cas’ first kiss. Dean pulled back and rested his forehead against Cas’, his eyes still closed. He let his hands roam over any part of Cas’ body that he could reach – his chest, his back, his thighs, his face. Finally Dean settled his hands on Cas’ head, fingers tangled in his hair, which were indeed as soft as they looked. Finally he opened his eyes and looked at Cas. His lips were red and swollen from their kiss, his pupils dilated with arousal and his breath was coming out in pants. It was one of the most glorious sights that Dean had ever seen.
Dean slowly took off his clothes on autopilot, as he stood hypnotized by the sight of Cas’ hand palming his balls, circling his dick, thumb swiping over the head and causing Cas to moan out loud. Dean fumbled with his belt as Cas pushed aside his panties without taking them off, and started to play with the plug nestled inside him. Even from here, Dean could see Cas’ hole fluttering around the toy, practically begging him to fill it up with his cock.
Dean could feel himself tumbling closer to the edge so he stopped rubbing at his prostate, choosing instead to simply pump his finger in and out of his hole. Dean put his other finger in too, wishing more than anything that he could go into his room and take out one of his vibrators, because since he couldn’t have Cas’ cock, toys were the next best option.
“Dean, before you say anything, I’ve already made up my mind. I want Claire to stay at the hospital.”
Castiel’s voice is suddenly an octave lower, which he hadn’t thought was possible in the first place, as he raises an eyebrow and says “We both know we want this, Dean. so please let’s stop beating around the bush and get right to it, shall we?”
Hey guys, I’m so sorry it took me this long to upload this chapter, but I wasn’t really in a good headspace for a long time and incidents kept happening that just made it worse. It’s a miracle I’m still here. Tbh. So while I genuinely sorry for the delay, for me, my health comes before my fics. Sorry again.
Cas gave Dean one last glance and got up to leave but Dean held his wrist and stopped him. Dean got up and pretty much crowded Cas’ personal space.
Dean is the youngest professor that they have in the English department - in the entire university, in fact. At age 35, he is also the best they’ve ever had. Dean is at a good place in life and couldn’t be happier about the way his life is going. The only thing that pisses him off is when students are late to his classes!
Doing as he was told, Castiel retreated to his room with a heavy heart. He had really hoped that he would get to see the charming prince once more. But, he thought to himself, good things never happen to him.
Sam looked at him with an amused smile and replied, “Yes, Dean. You have a nice nap?” clearly referring to the part where Dean was nursing a hangover instead of picking his brother up from the airport.
"Dean." The other man whispers, making Dean's stomach flutter with how the name sounds coming from his mouth. "My name is Castiel, but almost everyone calls me Cas." Dean repeats the name in his head and decides that it suits him.
He went back to the couch and told him that he didn’t have to be home until after his shift tomorrow and he had a late shift because Charlie and Jess and Cas were conspiring against him so that made up their mind about their drinking game.
Using the hand in his hair, Castiel pulls him up against his chest and rests Dean’s head on his shoulder. Pinching his nipples with the other hand, Cas brings his hand down from Dean’s head to wrap around his dick once more before continuing to thrust into him. At this angle, Cas goes deeper and is able to hit Dean’s prostate with each thrust, making Dean groan loudly at the many sensations.
"I'm Dean, by the way. I figured you should at least know who you're spending your money on." Dean puts on a charming smile.
Balthazar apparently came from old money and lived in a mansion like house just outside the campus. When Dean went to ask him about hosting a party at his place, of course he agreed. Why couldn’t Cas have dated a douche? It would be so much easier to hate him if he was a douche.
Suddenly there was a slick finger at his hole, pushing in. Dean groaned and pushed back into the finger until he felt it go all the way in. Without wasting any time, Cas searched for his prostate and began to ruthlessly rub at it. He varied his motions with tapping it and pushing against it and rubbing it, in no particular order, until Dean was a whimpering mess.
The next few days were a whirlwind of activities. Both Sam and Gabe were visiting them for the first time since they started college and wanted to go to every place near their housing complex. They wanted to go to every coffee shop, comparing their coffees and croissants. Sam wanted to go to every single library in the city and around, looking at each book as if it was made of gold, or something even more precious that Dean didn’t know of. Gabe wanted to visit all the bakeries to taste their cakes and pastries and pies, only to say that none of them were as good as the ones he baked. Even Dean had to agree to that, because Gabe made some killer pies.
Dean had no idea how Charlie’s mind worked. One minute she was ranting about what a shitty friend Cas had been, which he agreed upon but that wasn’t the point, and the next minute, she was choosing what clothes he would be wearing when he went to meet Cas. That girl was crazy but she had good intentions and Dean loved the ever loving fuck out of her. He was glad he had her as a friend and really appreciated her being there for him through all the shit that went down with Cas. Not that he’d tell this to her, but that didn’t mean the feeling wasn’t there.
pair of red panties, fishnets, and six inch high black heels. Fuck. Dean felt light headed with the lack of blood going to his brain.
“Dean Ross Winchester!” came an angry voice from the other end of the call, making Dean flinch. Sammy never used his full name unless he was in trouble. Well two can play this game.
*gasp* What is this that I'm seeing? I didn't take an embarrassingly long time to update? Wow, I'm proud of me.
Suddenly Dean felt cold all over, his afterglow dissipating right away. Cas was standing right there, looking straight at Dean with a look in his eyes that Dean could not recognize. His voice was strained in a way that sent chills down Dean’s spine, and not in a good way.
Cas thrust in with one solid motion. Three fingers was nowhere near enough prep for a cock as big as Cas’ and it burned, but the pleasure of being filled up overrode any pain he might have felt. Dean let out a long breath as he adjusted to the intrusion, wanting to touch himself, or Cas, but unable to do so.
“If you’re sure it won’t be an imposition, I’d love to come over to spend the day with you. I’d be honored to meet the young man who I helped buy gifts for.”
The night went on and drinks were flowing. Cas was talking to Dean and Sam about something inconsequential that their drunk minds gave way more importance to. Over all it was a fun evening, until Sam demanded to see Balthazar and talk to him and give him the If-You-Hurt0Cas speech. Poor Balth, he was going to get that speech from so many people.
“You should come over to my place. We don’t do a huge celebration, just me and my brother, and our best friend. There’s no way I’m letting you guys celebrate Christmas alone! It should be illegal for anyone to be alone during the holidays!” Dean would have gone on and on about how he felt about people spending holidays alone when Cas interrupted him.
Cas took his time preparing Dean, not wanting to hurt him on his first time. After what seemed like an eternity, he finally took out his fingers (he was up to four by now). Dean whined at the loss of sensation, but soon it was replaced by the head of Cas’ dick. Cas came up and kissed Dean in such a filthy manner that if he could have come from just the kiss if possible. Cas looked into Dean’s eyes as if searching for any sign of discomfort. Dean gazed back with as much honesty in his expression as he could manage. “Do it.” He whispered and that was all the permission that Cas needed.
Before Dean could react by saying that there would be no nasty details, it’s not a date, Charlie, she had hung up. Taking a deep breath, Dean turned to his wardrobe and literally dove in, trying to find the clothes Charlie said. He put on his Jeans, but it was unbuttoned and was just wearing his shirt when the doorbell rang. Cursing, he went to open the door to let Cas in, without sparing much thought about how he looked.
Cas arched his back and let out a groan. He spread his legs wider and thrust his hips into thin air, silently begging for Dean to get on with it already.
When Cas nodded, Dean grabbed his mobile and his keys and they left. They decided to go to The Roadhouse, because it was close and affordable, and also it had a friendly vibe. The ride to the bar was stilted with awkward conversation but by the time they got there, they had gotten comfortable with each other and were teasing and laughing.
“Yes I went to his place, and no we didn’t have sex. For the sake of Pie, I don’t even know if he’s into me. Just because he’s bi doesn’t mean he’d be into me.” Dean sighed. It would be great if Cas was into him, though.
“Shh. You’re so good for me, Dean.” He said as Dean whimpered. “Do you want to come, Dean? Can you come only on my fingers?” he asked. Dean nodded, a bit more present in the moment as the looming orgasm receded. “Good boy.” Cas said and immediately pushed in two fingers, going straight for Dean’s prostate again. Within moments, Dean was coming, shooting his load all in his panties, with a moan so loud that he was glad he lived alone.
By the time Dean had warned Cas, Charlie had already reached their place, having called Dean from just outside. Charlie had an extra key of her own so she just entered without knocking, scaring the living shit out of Gabe who wasn't expecting her to pop up behind him, making Gabe yelp like a teenage girl.
Ignoring the sarcasm in his voice, Charlie fishes out a red colored button up that ‘brings out his eyes’ with a pair of dark blue jeans that ‘hug his cute little bubble butt perfectly’. She also insists on doing his hair in a different way, which he won’t admit, looks pretty good.
They all met at the restaurant and had a light conversation, teasing each other and laughing at each other’s expense. Gilda seemed like a really nice girl and Dean was sure Charlie was lucky to have her. That didn’t stop him from giving her the typical big brother hurt her and I’ll hurt you speech. She, in her defence, took it all in good spirit and promised to not hurt Charlie.
A few minutes later, Cas was almost ready to leave for his date. With Dean’s blue shirt, and a pair of jeans that showed off his ass wonderfully, Cas looked like a walking wet dream. Not to mention his hair which looked like he just had a round of really amazing sex. Thankfully, Cas was too busy trying to fix his hair to see Dean adjust his jeans because who would not be turned on by that view.
To this, Charlie sighed and said, “We’ll get back to it later. For now let’s watch another movie and wait for your boyfriend to get back from his date.”
TRIGGER WARNING: HOMOPHOBIA. TO ANYONE WHO THINKS THEY MIGHT BE TRIGGERED, I’M POSTING A SUMMARY AT THE END OF THE CHAPTER, YOU CAN READ THAT INSTEAD.
Shit. Dean knew what he did was pathetic, but he never thought he’d end up losing Cas over it entirely. Yet, here he was, unable to do anything as Cas told him to get out of his life.
Around a week after Sam and Gabe had arrived, Dean got a call from Charlie. Charlie was in one of Dean's classes and one of the nerdiest people Dean knew. She was into all sorts of nerdy stuff like LARP'ing and fanfiction and whatnot, that Dean would never get the hang of. Dean went to a LARP event with her once and ended up being a handmaiden to Charlie, who by the way, was the queen. Dean still doesn't know how that happened but she never let him live that down, ever.
Dean looked at Cas with unbelieving eyes. “God dammit, Cas. I’ve wanted you since the first day you came to the hospital. I – I figured you wouldn’t want me, because who in their right mind would? I’ve been waiting for this for so long. I never thought I could have this. Do you – do you really want to be with me, or is this just some kind of one night thing, because I need to know what I’m getting in for. I –”
“Hey Dean. I wanted to know if you were free tonight. There was a movie screening nearby and I wanted to go watch it. And, well, since my usual movie buddy is in the hospital, finally sleeping much to the relief of the nurses, by the way, I was wondering if you wanted to come along with me?”
As soon as Sammy and Ben get back with the cookies (and other snacks), all six of them take their places in the living room. Charlie and Sam hog the couch, cuddling Claire and Ben between tem, leaving the loveseat for Dean and Cas to share. Dean and Cas spend a few moments trying to figure out a comfortable position, which comes in the form of Dean cuddling into Cas, with Cas’ arm wrapped around his shoulders. Purely for comfort’s sake. obviously. Dean glares at Charlie, who smirks at him in response, but neither of them say anything as Sam starts up How The Grinch Stole Christmas, and they make their way through all the Christmas classics.
Dean passed random comments throughout the movies that made him and Cas laugh out louder than either of them had in a long time.
The night passed too slowly for Dean’s liking, but at the same time it flew by too fast. He was eager to meet Cas but at the same time, he was apprehensive. What if Cas just wanted to meet to tell him that they couldn’t be friends anymore? Was it better to not know and still have some hope, or was it better to know for sure so that he knew where they stood with each other?
“Cas of course you didn’t know I was into food too. You’d know that if you had sex with me.” Dean said with a wink. FUCK where did that come from what the fuck?
At one point, Castiel’s fingers started making mindless patterns on Dean’s leg, and that was it. Under the guise of repositioning himself, Dean scooted forward in his seat and spread his legs in invitation, should Castiel choose to accept.
He turned on the shower and waited for the water to heat up while he stripped. He grabbed a bottle of waterproof lube and stepped into the hot water, letting it wash away the sweat and some of the grime over his body. After he had soaped himself up and was cleaned, he began to lightly touch himself all over to get his body into the right mood.
Being a doctor was not an easy job. Sure the pay was good but the hours were tiring at best and exhausting. There were days when Dean barely had any time to eat or take more than a short, 5 minute shower in the mornings. Those were the days when Dean was glad he still lived with his brother. Sammy always made sure Dean got an extra five minutes in the shower while he prepared something for him to eat. That way, on the days that Dean had a very small window of time between when he woke up and when he had to be at the hospital, he almost always managed to get a decent shower as well as food.
Before long, Dean was standing naked in front of Cas, who was still sitting on the bed. Sweat beaded on his forehead and he was looking at Dean hungrily, but he still hadn’t broken like Dean wanted him to. Upping his game, Dean leered at Cas and focused his eyes at Cas’ hard cock, slowly jerking himself off at the sight, and moaning softly. That is what broke Cas. He leapt up from the bed and pushed Dean against the wall, kissing him with force. The two men battled for dominance, neither willing to back down. Cas thrust their hips together, rubbing his panty covered cock, against Dean’s naked one. Dean gave him a few more moments before he pulled away, resting his head against the wall and baring his throat in an act of submission. Cas latched on to the offered skin, sucking bruise after bruise into Dean’s neck. Cas pulled Dean’s legs up and wrapped them around his waist, pinning Dean against the wall with the weight of his chest. Dean groaned as his cock twitched at the idea of having sex against the wall. He rubbed his dick against Cas’ corset as Cas latched on to his nipple and sucked it between his teeth.
He imagined Cas on top of him, losing his control as he thrust hard, relentlessly into Dean, chasing his orgasm as well.
thing, because who else would Dean marry? But for now, he was too overwhelmed to notice. 2020 might have been a shitty year, but this was the best Christmas ever.
“Dean! Dean, come here real quick I need your help! Dean Winchester!” Cas called out to Dean without giving him a chance to reply first.
There was one guy, he looked like he had a couple of inches on Dean. He had a beard and seemed to be speaking in a southern drawl. He looked like a good option, but Dean decided to wait some more. Dean was still looking around, sipping on his beer when a voice spoke behind him –
“Shh, Cas. It’s not your fault. You can leave Claire here if you want or take her home, that’s all up to you. I promise you, though, that either way, we’ll give her the best possible treatment that we can. I won’t let anything happen to her as long as I can help it.”
By the time Dean got dressed, Cas was already out of bed, probably making him breakfast and packing his lunch. what did he do to deserve such an angel was beyond him. Dean grinned at his reflection playfully as he purposefully tied his tie wrong. It always annoyed Cas when he did that (which was on a daily basis) and Cas would then proceed to untie Dean’s tie and tie for him correctly, which always gave Dean the time to hold his husband close and make ‘heart eyes’ at him. If, more often than not, this was followed by a makeout session, it was no one’s business but their own.
When Cas saw what happened, he bit his lip, trying to suppress a laugh. Dean glared at him, which set him off. Cas’ laughter was so infectious that Dean couldn’t resist a smile of his own, an soon they were both laughing their asses off over nothing. After a few minutes they finally calmed down and Dean looked at Cas with a small smile on his face. Cas was looking back at Dean and he slowly leaned forward to capture Dean’s lips in a soft kiss. Dean sighed. He could get used to this – waking up to the smell of breakfast and Cas.
Cas took off his panties and turned Dean’s head to make him look at him. Once he caught Dean’s eye, he got the panties to his mouth and proceeded to lick the come out of them. The sight was so hot that Dean’s dick gave a small twitch in an attempt to get hard again. Cas then leaned forward to kiss Dean and Dean could taste his own release in Cas’ mouth, which he chased with his tongue. God, could this man get any hotter? He wondered.
HELLO PEOPLE I LIVE! Sorry, I have been busy with exams for the past month so I wasn't able to upload or write at all.
“Uhh. Dean, I uhh. I have a date with Balthazar tonight and since you are way more experienced in the dating department, can you help me decide what to wear? I mean I wore this jeans because it hugs my butt in a nice way but I don’t know what shirt to wear. I could wear the blue one that you got me because it ‘brings out my eyes’ or the green one because it is slightly tight in the ‘right places’ whatever that means. Charlie told me that the green one makes me look ‘dreamy’ and now I’m confused.”
"Gross, dude. Keep it in your pants." Cas laughed ay Charlie's expression. Soon conversation turned to Gabe and his antics until Charlie and Sam decided to go raid the kitchen again. After waiting a while for them to return with food, Dean went into the kitchen to ask what was taking them so long.
Cas uses his other hand to gently rub against Dean’s hole with his lubed fingers, which, Dean never even noticed when he got out the lube, or where he got it from! Without any warning, Cas thrusts in two fingers and pumps into Dean mercilessly, making him groan loudly.
He could feel himself getting closer to his orgasm, being already so turned on by Cas sucking him off in the car and then teasing Cas into a sweaty, begging, writhing mess.
So Dean drank. Days and nights blurred into one and he had no idea what day, or even month it was anymore. Sam tried to stop him from drinking so much, but Dean just snapped at him, making Sam pissed at him.
“Oh right, sorry. One of the patients who had a chemo last week, Asa, his condition is rapidly deteriorating and I tried everything I could think of. Dean, I – I think he won’t make the night.” Jessica was clearly trying not to cry by this time. It was always tough to lose a patient, no matter what department it was, but it was even more difficult when the patient was a small child with their whole life ahead of them.
They both watch Ben skip out with Sam, and then Charlie announces the Winchester Christmas Bash officially started.
Dean had taken Cas on a cross-country road trip for his 16th birthday when he got his driver’s permit. Of course it wasn’t cross country, it was only two states from theirs but cross country sounded cooler. For his 18th birthday, Dean had hidden 18 gifts all around the town, such as condoms and lube (those were Gabe’s ideas, in his defence) and created a mini treasure hunt for Cas to find the gifts.
“Really, Cas? That’s how it’s going to be, is it?” Dean asked as he stood behind Cas and wrapped his arms around his husband’s waist. He nuzzled against Cas’ ear and ground his hips against the panty clad ass in front of him, letting Cas know exactly what the outfit was doing to him.
Cas straightened up looking extremely flustered – and very adorable, thought Dean – and replied in an embarrassed voice
Every morning that Dean came into the hospital, he would bring with him a few boxes of donuts to give among the kids who were there and a lot of decent coffee for the parents who stayed awake all night with their children. The child oncology department was a huge, close knit family of its own that all the other doctors looked up to. It was a safe place for all the families who ever came there and Dr. Winchester made sure to make it feel like a home away from home.
“On your hands and knees.” He said. Prepping someone was much easier this way. As soon as Dean got into position, all thoughts left Cas’ mind. Dean had a perfect ass and his pink hole was fluttering in anticipation. Without a lot of self-control, Cas leaned forward and sucked at Dean’s hole. The moan that he was rewarded with was one of pure ecstasy and Cas knew he had done something right. He speared his tongue and began to fuck Dean’s hole with it. He ate the man out like a starved man, until Dean was a moaning, writhing mess on his bed, eagerly pushing his ass into Cas’ face for more. There was a constant stream of pre-come leaking from his dick and making a mess of the sheets.
He was still going over it all in his head and getting worked up over it when Charlie called. And Charlie, having her special Charlie powers, knew immediately that something was wrong before he could even say Hi.
Dean looked at Cas standing there in his room, almost naked, his dick hard and wanting. This was a sight that Dean had wanted for so long, but now that he had Cas, he wasn’t sure what to do. Cas seemed to sense his hesitation because he moved forward and pushed Dean softly onto the bed. He walked over to Dean and straddled his lap, leaning down to kiss him. This kiss was chaste compared to the ones they had shared earlier, but it was full of love and adoration. They sat there, kissing like that for a while, until Cas rolled his hips and their erections came into contact. Dean’s eyes rolled into his head because of how good it felt. Suddenly, it was a race to the finish. Their boxers were pretty much torn off their bodies and landed somewhere on the floor – Dean was too busy to notice where they landed. Cas was still straddling him, grinding down like his life depended on it. Dean wrapped his hand around Cas’ dick and gave it a few hesitant jerks. He looked down and got his first good look at it.
Not knowing who it was sunk Castiel’s heart because as much as he would have loved to be the one to catch Dean’s attention, he knew that there was no way the prince would want to marry a nobody whose family didn’t even acknowledge him.
“Are you sure that’s the reason? Like, absolutely sure? 100% sure? Because I’, surprised he can tolerate you for this long, Princess. Kudos to him for that. But are you sure this isn’t a date?”
Charlie sighed at this and said, “Sure Dean, whatever. The point is, I’m not the only one who wants Dean and Cas to get together. Everyone else knows that you guys have a thing for each other. We’re not blind.”
So with a fresh wave of nostalgia for his childhood, Dean nodded and drank his water. After around five more minutes, he felt a bit more composed and got up from his chair and set about to leave, Cas hovering about to make sure Dean didn’t change his mind. Just as they were leaving Dean’s office, Dean bumped into Sam, who was talking to Jessica. Sam turned around to see who bumped into him and with one look at Dean, his face morphed into a Bitch face and he said in a commanding voice,
s were punched out of him, as he got closer to his orgasm. Suddenly, Cas shifted his hips and thrust
With that the two friends went to their separate rooms to sleep, Dean wishing that their conversation was true, unknown to Cas.
Cas sucked at his head sharply, making Dean tighten his grip on the wheel and he unconsciously stepped harder on the accelerator. Cas immediately pulled off and spoke,
A handful of thrusts later, Dean clenched around Cas and came harder than he had before, his come splashing up to his chest and neck. The sight caused Cas to suddenly tumble over the edge too, and he pulled out and removed his condom hastily, spilling all over Dean’s dripping cock and stomach, with a deep groan that sounded like Dean’s name.
Dean glanced behind him to make sure Cas wasn’t back before he said, “I’m not going to break up my best friend with his boyfriend just because I have the hots for him. He deserves to be happy and if that Blond Douche makes him happy then I’ll keep quiet.”
“Fuck, Cas. You look so fucking hot like this. I could eat you out forever. But not right now, right now, I’m going to prep the fuck out of you and fold you in half as I have my way with you. I’ll have you begging for me. You’ll be begging for me to fuck you so hard that you feel it every time you sit for the next week.”
They both downed a few shots and decided to head out right about the time when they began to feel the buzz of the drink. They both seemed to strike out at the first couple of bars they went to and were looking for a new place to go to when Bal pointed out a dingy looking biker bar – Roadhouse – or something like that. Cas was about to refuse going in there because of the questionable nature of the building, but figured that there was no harm in trying. The worst that could happen was that they would strike out again and would have to look for another place to go to.
“I didn’t hear you complain about it when my cock was in your ass. And we’ve been married ten years, Dean, way before you were ever my teacher. I don’t think they can do anything about it.”
Dean had no idea how to reply. On one hand, he was elated that Cas wished him, but on the other hand, he also wanted to ignore it, because replying would just mean opening up a wound that hadn’t completely healed. He wanted to talk to Cas, beg for forgiveness, and ask him to come back, he wanted to know why Cas left him like that, and what he had been doing all these months. He wanted to catch up with Cas. But he wasn’t sure if he’d be able to survive it if Cas didn’t come back to him. He wouldn’t be able to live with himself if Cas decided that this was the end, and he couldn’t be friends with Dean any more. He had already almost died a few times with his excessive drinking in the past few months, this time he was sure he won’t survive.
Over the next few months, Dean’s routine changes by leaps and bounds. Where he previously spent all his waking hours at the hospital, Cas now convinced him to spend fewer hours there, and the rest at one of their places. They would drink and talk about nothing and everything, Dean told him about the car crash that caused his dad’s death and the fire that killed his mother, and Cas told him about his homophobic wife, and how he got custody of Claire because she didn’t want to have anything to do with his kid, except for a few meetings wherein she could try to brainwash Claire. They would watch cheesy movies and make fun of the actors. They would watch movies that Cas hadn’t seen, and Dean thought that he had to absolutely watch. Whenever Sam had Jessica over for the night, they would spend the night at Cas’ place, and whenever Cas’ house felt too big, too silent for him without Claire causing a ruckus, Cas would come over to the Winchesters’ place.
“Samuel Tristan Winchester.” Dean answered calmly. “What a pleasant surprise. To what do I owe the pleasure of your call?”
“It’s can we HAVE, Ben, and because you asked so nicely, yes we can. Go ask uncle Sammy to help you bring them out.”
He dried himself off once the threat of his orgasm faded away and his dick had begun to soften, and began to wear his clothes. He contemplated wearing the butt plug that matched his panties but decided against it. By the time Dean was fully dressed, he was half hard again, and really looking forward to bringing back someone with him. It would suck greatly if he struck out tonight.
Hey I'm back! Sorry it took so long to upload, but real life called, it said it wants my attention. *sigh*
That thought had Dean’s own dick twitching in his panties, but before he could reach down to touch himself, Cas stopped him.
Charlie liked to do this thing known as LARPing. Or Live Action Role Playing. Where people would dress up as characters and live their lives and stuff that Dean never got the hang of. Dean tried LARPing once and somehow got stuck being Charlie’s handmaiden, while Charlie was the queen of someplace called the Moondor. Dean wasn’t sure how it happened but the nickname stuck and Dean being the amazing friend that he was, humoured her whenever she slipped into her Queen persona. This seemed to be one of those times so Dean played along.
“Well, hello stranger. How come you’re here tonight? I thought the only places besides the Hospital and your house you were ever in was your Baby? I thought you had forgotten all about me.” She pressed a teasing kiss to Dean’s cheek which he automatically wiped off on her sleeve. Before Cas could get the wrong image, Dean introduced them.
“Like what you see?” he asked, and Dean couldn’t help but whimper at that voice directed towards him.
Dean had even gone to Cas’ classes when Cas wasn’t there to invite some of his friends from there. Turned out Cas didn’t have many friends. Of course he didn’t. The guy was about as social as a moody toddler. He did find a black haired girl from one of Cas’ classes who said that she was a sort of friend, which was as close to a friend as Cas got. She even pointed out a couple of other guys who Cas talked to. One of them was an Asian kid named Kevin with lanky limbs and long shaggy hair that reminded him of Sam. He was also a nerd, like Sam and Dean took an instant liking to him.
“I think you’re mistaken. I know you aren’t a hooker. I meant, how about I give you $50 and I give you a blowjob.” He grinned cheekily at Cas and wiggled his eyebrows a couple of times.
“Well, Hello there. Who do we have here, Sammoose? Isn’t he someone I’d climb like a tree.” Gabe said to Sam with a lewd wink. Sam turned fifty different shades of pink at the flirtations, making Dean and Cas laugh out loud.
Begrudgingly, she accepted Dean’s decision to meet Cas, and even promised not to be too hard on Cas, if they ended up being friends again.
“Hey, Claire bear. How are you? Did you miss me? I sure missed you. It’s been years since I saw you last.” Cas replied in a baby voice that seemed super adorable to Dean.
Dean couldn’t help it. Cas looked so happy in the moment that Dean had to lean forward and kiss him. Cas kissed him back with an equal force and they sat there simply making out for a while. For Dean, making out had always been a means to an end – a necessary part of foreplay before they got to the main event. But sitting here and kissing Cas, there was nowhere else Dean would rather be, nothing else he would rather do. He was content with just making out with Cas, knowing that neither of them would do anything more tonight.
By the time the meal was done and Dean had picked out Cas’ favourite movies it was time for Cas to return from his classes. Right as Dean was starting to wonder whether Cas would be late, there was the sound of keys turning in the lock. Cas entered with his nose buried in a book about something or the other and almost bumped into Dean who was standing there with an amused look on his face, trying not to laugh at his friend.
"Blue", Dean whispers, making the man blink in confusion. "Your eyes. Blue." The man blinks again before blushing and breaking their eye contact. Before Dean can apologize for being awkward, the man looks up and smiles at him in a way that lights up his entire face.
“Fuck me.” Dean whispered, still looking at Cas’ dick in his hand. He looked up and met Cas’ eyes. “I want you to fuck me, Cas. I want –“ Cas cut him off with a desperate press of his lips.
“We all are named after angels. I consider myself lucky that my name isn’t as bad as one of my brother’s. He’s called Lucifer.” Cas chuckled at Dean’s reaction to the name of his eldest brother.
He wished they did remain friends, if not more, because it would hurt losing a friend like Cas, and that
Of course, he couldn’t put all the blame on him either. It was Dean’s stupid idea to drunkenly confess his feelings to Cas, immediately after he found his boyfriend in bed with someone else. GOD, how could he have been so stupid! If he absolutely had to confess his feelings, he could still have chosen a better time. ANY other time would have been better than this! Dammit, Dean.
Please do leave a comment telling how you liked it and a kudos maybe, it really makes my day to see people acknowledging my work.
Dean’s birthday came and went without any indication. He received a few messages wishing him a happy birthday and whatnot and he replied with a generic thank you. He talked to Sam and Gabe, and Charlie dragged him out for lunch, but other than that he didn’t have the energy to do anything. He spent the day drinking his sorrows away and watching a Dr. Sexy marathon. The entire day passed with him sitting in front of the TV, watching, but not paying attention to Dr. Sexy.
Castiel pounded on Dean's door, creating a ruckus that Dean's hungover brain could not tolerate this early in the morning. With a groan and a throbbing head, Dean turned towards his clock and saw that it was 10.30 am. Right as Dean ay back down, Cas crashed open his door and climbed on the bed, shouting even louder with a shit eating grin plastered on his face. Bastard. He knew Dean was hungover and still he thought it was a good idea to be loud. That meant only one thing. War.
