Now that's new. That shoulder rolling kicked puppy look. He didn't think Barachiel was capable of regret or despair, perhaps he learned it somewhere. Perhaps Remiel taught it to him without knowing. But he isn't here to look into mirrors that he thought he'd broken, or to find new pathways across bridges that have been burnt. Lucifer will not be pleased with him if he... His fingers brush across Barachiel's wrist when the angel turns to go back to the house. He knows he didn't hurt Barachiel, not physically. But that isn't what prodded awake this seed of guilt. Barachiel stops and for a moment it's just that point of contact, three fingers and stolen breaths.
The motel room looks like a tiny tornado has hit it. On the walls and curtains there are splatters on what looks like liquid sliver. Castiel is holding --
“You’re making sure he doesn’t come back with crap?” Dean translates. “After that squirrel feeder you’d think you’d just let him make all the carpentry decisions.”
He wipes his hand across the mirror and scowls at himself. Right, he can handle this. The baby is cute and fires up all their protective instincts so maybe she's a trick or a trap. Possibly this is the work of a real Trickster this time. Or a glamor put on a perfectly normal human baby by a Fertility Goddess. Because babies did not
Sam smiles against the top of Gabriel’s head as he drags his fingers through Gabe’s feathers, “We’ve had this conversation. You are talking about an angel that got raised as a human, and not very well. He’s not sure what he’s supposed to be doing and the people that ‘helped’ him before were either assholes or they didn’t know what he needed.”
Anna bites her bottom lip and it's such a human gesture. She lives in her skin more than any of them, even Barachiel and Gabriel. She understands more than any of the angels what it is to be human. "Very bad. There's no sign of Lucifer. Not in any of the towns we passed through and no one could remember anything, but..." she paused then shakes her head. "Gabriel thinks Michael's involved with whatever happened. He won't say it, but the traces are there and he forgets I was a garrison leader."
"I am not sure," Castiel manages as Dean pushes past his brother, coming down the stairs to settle his hand against the back of Castiel's neck. It's warm, comforting and Dean tugs him a little, until he turns and they are pressed together, Elle between them protectively. Castiel feels the panic in him quiet.
of one. The hollow shape where the light and breath of the Earth curve just so. They are also upstairs, safe. The master of the house, Robert, is in his room still sleeping, safe. He can see the flicker of Anael and Crowley, light and dark intertwined in the panic room behind the extra layer of wards, safe. Barachiel is... was on the roof.
Cas is sitting on the arm of the couch, peering down at Abe, his hand is dangling in the playpen rubbing his wings. Dean isn’t sure how he should play this.
Castiel turns and smiles, it's happy and full of pride, and damn if that smile doesn't make something twist in Dean's chest. It makes him more determined not to lose this. Ever.
Castiel turns back towards the bed; and Dean and the baby. He sits down on the other side of the bed, and reaches a hand out to trace Dean's features, relaxed as they are in sleep. The worry lines are smoothed away, and Castiel wishes they could always be so.
Emily giggles, it's a bit hysterical but... But she's not dead. She doesn't know where her glasses are or where everyone else is but...
Dean pushes himself away from the door and tugs it open. The TV is on, almost too bright in the dark room. It's some cartoon, Dean could probably name it if he tried, but the first thing -- the only thing he can think is that he doesn't see Castiel.
Sam takes up position just behind him, and Gabriel tries not to think about what that would mean if Sam were an angel, just as the sound of wings ripple through the air.
Castiel's posture relaxes just slightly, and Dean wonders what he was afraid of, Bobby wouldn't not take them in. Dean can't even fathom Bobby doing that. He does know from Bobby's tone, that explanations are expected, damn good explanations at that.
Gabriel got on the news when they finally killed the thing and Sam has been listening to him be insufferably smug about it for the last three hours since they got home. Dean and Cas are rolling their eyes as Gabriel tells the story again but Abe is all giggles and keeps shouting ‘Duggin!’ and flapping his wings.
Cas shifts and tilts his head up as his fingers slip up behind Dean’s neck to tug him forward. For a moment Dean thinks Cas is going to kiss him but he just rubs their noses together and presses his forehead to Dean’s.
them. "I've never..." Sam's breath stutters in his throat. He wants this but there's a thread of uncertainty in his head. He's never done this before with well... He's never felt like this either not since Jess. He takes a deep breath. "Do you want to...?" Ugh, he's a grown man, he should be able to say it.
in. He'd been sure Cas was going to storm out of the house and confront the others but instead he'd picked Elle off the floor where she was playing, handed her to Dean, and said "Gabriel would not bring danger on us purposefully, Dean." But Cas had still looked tense and wary, even for a few minutes after Gabriel had brought Barachiel inside.
But this child -- Gabriel lays the flat of his palm on her back. She's soft and warm, fragile. The baby's small body rises and falls as she breathes; she's fallen asleep against Gabriel's shoulder.
Finally, Castiel dips his head slightly in greeting before he in turn greets Remiel in their tongue, Gabriel is a bit smug that Castiel does
"Okay, long ass time ago before cable and indoor plumbing there was a girl called Eala that Rem and I... Well, we liked her. Dallied with her when we shouldn't have. Left our marks on her when we shouldn't have and it was all very silly and idyllic until Dad got properly angry at the humans and decided to flood the place. He didn't exactly let us save our favorites. She died, Rem fell, I fucking forgot about it." Barachiel hisses the last sentence.
By the time Dean reaches his room, Elle's fully asleep, on his shoulder. He knows he should have put her in her crib, but since finding out about Sam's "dream", the thought of Lucifer standing over his baby girl makes Dean want to keep her close. He finds Cas sitting on the edge of the bed, eyes distant, lost in thought. Cas' trench coat, tie, and jacket are lying across a chair, and his shirt is mostly unbuttoned. He looks... way too disheveled for Cas, and Dean gets a horrifying double vision of that future Cas laid over his. For just a moment he wonders if that Cas and Dean had an Elle, and if losing her is what broke them more than the end of the world ever could.
Dean laughs. "He probably will but don't worry about it. He'll be more interested in how two Archangels got past his wards."
“They’re, uh, just flock marks,” Sam manages to get out and listens to his father ‘mmm hmm’ over the soft sound of shuffling paper.
“They said they wanted to see an angel fly. I was scared, I thought if they saw my wings they’d go away.”
"Chuck?" Dean keeps his voice low, although he sees Cas lift his head, sees the small frown he gives him.
. His throat goes dry and any witty comebacks tumble out of his mind. He wants this human, he wants this feeling all the time, he wants to horde it and roll in it and... He's only very suddenly aware that he's smiling like an idiot, humming under the praise, when Sam blushes. There are a hundred things he tries to get out at once, truths, lies, backpedaling, he's half rising from the car as Sam's eyes flash to the ground and...
"Perfect, of course," Gabriel says as if it's offensive to assume otherwise. He picks one up and spins off the stem. "Want one?"
“Ah,” Gabriel blinks at the impression of wide, curious eyes staring at him out of the wisps of time and space that make up all angels, “It’s um, awfully small.”
Elle shrieks with laughter as Dean tickles her and blows on her stomach. Castiel see her form shimmer slightly, just before she catches sight of him. "Ol Gaha Ol," she calls.
Fuck, he doesn't want to make choices like this. He doesn't want to risk Anna going somewhere else with the demon though, not in either of their present states. And damn it he can't even blame her for doing what she did, going after him. As stupid as it was for her to
Gabriel's trembling under Sam's body and Sam nods. "Yeah, I know. I don't..." he closes his eyes against the twisting heat in his stomach that threatens to eat him alive. "I don't just... there's got to be feeling... has to be more..."
And Dean stares, mouth hanging slightly open, at the colors playing across the sky. Angels true forms burned peoples eyes from their skulls. Dean knows this from experience. He never thought that light could be...beautiful.
“Yeah, I know we usually do that voicemail thing but I figure I’ll have some questions and well... fuck it.”
"She absolutely will not," Cas protests at the same time Emily says, "Uncle Bobby," in a rather exasperated tone.
Dean moves closer to Cas, giving the baby his good hand. "Dean," she coos happily, then reaches for his injured hand. Cas pulls her tiny hands away.
“No one is gonna make you go back to the Home. You gotta stop freaking out,” Gabriel shifts so he can drag his fingers through Luc’s hair and he spots Sam leaning in the doorway. “That’s not what John said. John said that they were gonna want you to stay in custody of known Hunters. Come on. What am I?” Luc grumbles something and Gabriel grins, “Besides an assbutt.”
"And now she sits there, weaving the most delicate of webs that shine brightly in the night sky so everyone down on Earth has to look up and marvel at her creation," Gabriel finishes, turning his head slightly to look at Sam.
“You aren’t this cute!” Jo grins as she snuggles her nose into downy wings and grins, “Oh! He smells like cookies.”
showed up in Central Park, summoned by a jilted warlock that couldn’t control it. It started burrowing into skyscrapers and stealing virgins, the media scene was so huge that all available hunters had to go after it. Which included Sam and Gabriel.
He rubs a hand over Castiel’s head, smiling when the wisps of shadow that adorn him stay curled up and messy.
There were other angels about, though most of them didn't pay him any mind. Most of them were in their glittering forms of space and power but there were a scattered few that were in vessels, and Barachiel had taken pains to blend in. Meaning he was in a suit with his hair slicked back and looked like a right twat.
"Yeah, well don't tell him that," Gabriel grins as Sam blushes and with a ripple of light and feathers Raven is a bird again, hop-flapping to the top of a junked car.
“Is Cas still leaving his emotions all over the house?” Sam smiles as he lifts his mug so Gabriel can snuggle up against his chest and cover him in sawdust.
It takes a bit of juggling to open the van's side door without dropping anything, but he manages. He doesn't get the reception he'd expected though.
Sam rolls his eyes as Barachiel laughs weakly, dropping his head to rest against Remiel's as the tension finally starts to ease out of the room.
The angel salutes him, “I am Gabriel of the First Garrison and this is my brother Castiel of the Silver Tower. We have been searching Earth for Castiel’s nestling after he was lost during an attack on our city.”
The demon glances up just barely. "I know more than that. The fertility goddess, she rewarded them. The older Winchester and that angel."
Sam shudders. "I didn't tell him anything!" His voice raises to almost a shout. "I didn't tell him a damn thing! He just -- knew -- maybe it was because Gabriel pulled me out so he just looked for him. Or maybe he's known where we are the whole damn time! I don't know!"
A month later Sam is laying on the couch, going over maps, when he gets a phone call from his dad. They had been exchanging words here and there. After Castiel had rolled his eyes and explained that “Yes, you two, your father knows how to
Castiel sets his lips in a thin line because he knows what he always said. He though Gabriel was dead. He'd thought him killed or captured or... But that wasn't true. Castiel had known that Gabriel lived, he would have felt it if he had perished, what he had really thought, what had scared him the most. "I thought I had made some sort of mistake. I had displeased him somehow. I thought that he left because I wasn't what he wanted me to be. I thought that if I did better, if I obeyed, if I trained harder then he might return."
Oh, now didn't that just sound the littlest bit bitchy? It's official now, his life is completely falling apart. Again. Great.
Barachiel goes a rather sickly shade of pale and Sam is starting to feel sorry for him. He doesn't look like he's lying. He looks... shocked.
He lays in the dirt, blinking, because it can't be true. Amon couldn't have known about... Zachariah would have though, or Jhudiel. His vision blurs and his face throbs where the blade touched him. He's exposed, vulnerable, and worst of all, falling for his own tricks. Remiel scrambles to his feet, dragging his blade with him. He sways and his breathing sounds so loud in the quiet, but he can't stop gasping and... his hand trembles as he raises it to his cheek, his blood burns when it touches his fingertips. Amon was right, he wasn't going to kill him. He wasn't going to even get the chance.
"Well, this wouldn't be the first time a Winchester showed up injured, with a kid in tow," Bobby says gruffly. "At least you aren't bleeding. Come on in the house. You need that hand properly wrapped and Sam looks ready to sleep where he stands."
The kitchen is silent for a second, too much hope and anticipation in the moment, before Bobby breaks the silence.
It’s a massacre. Sam feels his stomach clench as Luc whimpers and clings tighter to him. Gabriel is on one of the demons and there’s a
It’s almost midnight when he gets the playpen assembled. He tosses all remaining blankets, assorted stuffed animals, and some of his clean laundry into the thing followed by the baby who wriggles up against a stuffed pig and promptly falls asleep.
"Oi! Quit movin' you stupid wanker! It's just me!" Barachiel's voice has just the hint of his angelic nature in it and as soon as he shouts Remiel stills, staring blindly at the ceiling until his face twists into a grimace of pain and Barachiel hauls him close again.
She tugs on Barachiel's sleeve as she squints, there's a figure standing at the gate that she can't quite make out.
. Gabriel takes a bite out of the chocolate and stuffs the note in his pocket, before heading back towards the house.
Cas' mouth drags across Dean's throat, slow, wet, and gentle. Dean's head falls back, and he lets himself make hushed little sounds of pleasure and contentment. Cas' fingers stroke along his sides, then across his stomach, then up over his chest. Slow and easy, not quite teasing, but nothing urgent.
"Crura illius columnae marmoreae quae fundatae sunt super bases aureas species eius ut Libani electus ut cedri," Cas whispers, voice hoarse and wrecked. He kisses Dean's shoulders, neck, cheek, any part of Dean he can reach. Finally, Cas' tongue runs over his mark on Dean's shoulder, and Dean falls.
to me. He was about to destroy your soul. No soul means no Crowley. No coming back from hell, no new bodies."
He gets the feeling that she's censoring herself and he almost resents it. He doesn't need to be protected from the truth. "How bad?" he asks, because this is important and he doesn't need to be out of the loop because the angels are being closed lipped.
Dean decides after all that he might as well take a nap, but he’s definitely gonna bitch when he wakes up.
“Will it be as futile as the cuddling conversation?” Castiel crosses his arms over his chest and he so learned that from Dean.
Dean takes Elle from Cas' arms. "I'll go with her," he says in a tone that broaches no argument. Well, it would if you weren't Gabriel. "Be careful Cas."
. He wants Gabriel just as desperate, just as wrecked as Sam already is and will be. A second finger pushes inside next to the first, and Gabriel's moan rattles the windows of the van. Outside the thunder rolls, so loud it's almost like the storm is holding itself above the scrapyard. The rain sounds like nails hitting the roof.
Luc is licking cream off his fingers and making a face like no one has ever broken a situation down for him before. “How do you get him to stop yelling?”
Sam closed his eyes and frowned. This is supposed to be wrong and complicated but... but maybe it didn't have to be. He just has to
Gabriel doesn't allow himself to turn and look at Sam. If he looks he'll have to see that open devastation. He'd have to remember that he could have prevented it. So he focuses on Anna, and tries to remember how her grace once looked.
Dean wakes up to the sound of laughter coming from downstairs. He frowns when he sees that the bed and crib are empty. Figures. Now he's stuck with two earlier risers. He's pulled himself into a pair of jeans and a henley, and he's putting on his boots when the laughter downstairs rises and then he can hear Elle's happy squeal. He smiles, and he's halfway down the hall when Barachiel's voice echoes up,
Making faces aside, Gabriel follows him to the bed and lets Sam undress him down to his undershirt and boxers. He's like a little kid who's tired but not quite convinced that this whole "bed" thing is the solution to his problem. Sam turns the light off and drags Gabriel under the covers with him. The house is quiet, a change from the chaos that had broken out... shit, it hadn't even been an hour ago. He can hear low voices coming from Dean's room across the hall, though Elle's quiet now. It's peaceful but it takes long minutes before Gabriel finally sighs, something long, utterly exasperated and at the same time pleased as he twists, making himself comfortable buried under the covers and against Sam.
"We thought he'd be more straightforward about it," Barach finishes. "But the way he's carrying on, you'd think he wasn't in a vessel."
“Thanks, Dad.” He smiles and looks up as Luc comes down the hall carrying Abe. He gets about a second of warning before both of them are on the couch and him, getting elbows and wings everywhere while he shouts. He knows he’s complaining at them. But right now all he can focus on is his dad laughing at him over the phone and the brilliant smile that his mate is giving him.
Slowly, he wonders if he's missed something, because he remembers Michael and the Morningstar. He remembers how mated angels used to sit. In perfect pairs, one below the other.
He tosses the towel over the side of the tub and starts pulling on the clothing he brought in with him. Sure, he and Cas fuck (make love), and sure Sam's seen him in his birthday suit but he ain't putting on a show. And he and Cas haven't had a chance to be alone in almost a week. Cas gets handsy when Dean exposes a lot of skin around him, and Dean's not going to tempt fate.
"I suppose, in the tradition of remembrance, she could be called Ellen. That is... if you think it is appropriate."
Dean loves it when Cas gets like this. Like he wants to crawl into Dean's skin and live there, like he wants to
A/N: Sorry this took so long! Vacations were had and some squidgy character development had to be chased down and dealt with. (I.E. Shot.) Also, o hay guys, we won an award! Sweet!"
Dean dips his head slightly. "Sammy's been acting weird since Gabriel left," he says changing the subject. Castiel isn't surprised. Dean has never liked to talk about feelings. "I swear he's fretting or something."
There are four of them, two giant bastards, a skinny one with a knife, and a woman. They’re breaking down the basement door.
The Morningstar laughs, long and loud. A crowd of his brothers are gathering now and Castiel has begun to tremble.
"Well," Barach starts. "I thought he fancied you 'cause he was always touching your arms and such. That's the first step y'know."
Dean rolls his shoulders. "Talking to each other last I saw. Elle was a little worked up and they probably wanted to compare notes on me being an idiot."
, and not in a body stealing apocalypse sort of way. In a better way, a much much better way. He pulls back and Gabriel looks like he's about to say something but... ah, fuck it.
She stirs again and raises her head, blinking at him sleepily. Reaching out with a hand, she pats his face and smiles.
"Can an archangel break the wards?" She asks as lightning streaks towards the ground in front of them.
He nuzzles the angel's throat in what he hopes is a reassuring manner. "We've got to have a plan. Worst case scenario sorta thing."
“That is not what you said,” and Dean knows what Cas’ face looks like right now, even in the dark. “You said that cuddling was ‘girly shit’.”
Dean nods, rubbing his thumb and forefinger over the bears ear. "Yeah, dad got him for me when I was born," Dean says softly, sadly.
Dean will never know Cas like this. His fingers tremble around the coffee cup. He hadn't forgotten -- he knew what Cas was. But it was -- it is --
“And I could have left him in the Home to turn out like that Lucifer kid. Don’t smart ass me. Besides,” John says, standing. “I think you were the one that was always complaining about how Hunter’s kids get a shit deal, never having a real home. I figured you’d be the last person to throw him out.”
Gabriel rolls his eyes, hands smoothing out Sam's shirt. "That doesn't surprise me at all. Just don't listen to anything he says."
"I dunno, he's not making any sense, it's probably the poison. He thinks..." Barachiel rolls his eyes. "He thinks she's someone else. Someone we knew like a billion years ago. It's probably why he didn't attack the demon that was in her."
He's off across the yard like he's being chased, stopping only to shoot a glare at Anna and Barach who quickly go silent when he walks by. Castiel shakes his head, a move he totally picked up from Bobby. Sam tries to not smile, even the frown was the same.
Sam's not sure what to say to that. The angels proclaimed her demon free and not everyone remembers details from when they were being ridden. She goes back to concentrating on the pie and Sam dishes up a bowl of stew. He snags a beer from the fridge. He'd bring out chocolate if he knew where to find anything.
"You know where the Winchesters are?" There's a curious note to his voice, still angry but the demon takes it as a good sign.
Cas nods, and brushes his finger tips against Dean's, and it feels as intimate as any kiss. Then he moves away back towards where Barachiel and Gabriel, and Sam are talking. Gabriel says something with that snide grin of his that makes Sam laugh, traitor, and Barachiel grin.
Something angelic pricks at the back of Gabriel's mind. He'd been sitting on the floor pretending to read, listening to Sam turn the pages of his book behind him. Sam's still so tired and Gabriel wonders how much sleep the boy has lost in fear of Lucifer paying a visit.
Gabriel is peering through the front window, and his entire body is a tight line of coiled energy. Sam can't help but remember the Mystery Spot, the raging desperation hidden the features of a creature that Sam couldn't even fathom at the time. He looks over as Sam approaches and in an instant is holding his other sword out to him. Sam's sword. Their fingers brush when he takes it and it's all Sam can do to whisper, "Don't do anything stupid."
So he's pretending that he's really trying not to eavesdrop when he hears Bobby's voice, soft and tired, but gentle.
He’s making himself a sandwich, one handed because he has skills, and letting Abe lick peanut butter off a spoon when his cell goes off.
It hasn't even been two hours and the windows are shivering slightly with the near unholy volume of crying that the baby is emitting. Sam has shoved himself in the corner of the room, near the door, with both hands over his ears and the only reason he hasn’t gone
Gabriel's reaction is unexpected. He gasps, back arching into Sam's touch. "Sam," he groans, and Sam sees him thinking, warring with something inside before surging forward and sealing his mouth over Sam's.
"Yeah, I'll make sure she calls you as soon as she feels up to it. No... no, it wasn't drugs. Diane, I know..." Affection and sorrow lace Bobby's voice. He'd said he knew the family, Dean wonders how close. He's never heard... no he has heard Bobby sound like that. He remembers hearing his Dad and Bobby talking one night and Bobby talking about his wife.
"Barachiel..." Castiel breathes as he watches the archangel shake his head, panic is creeping up on his features as he inches towards the door.
When Rem starts doing his impression of a bag of angry cats, Barach drops to one knee and hangs onto him as best he can. Remiel is going on about dead people in Enochian and then Greek and Barach is trying to keep up with him as Robert stares at them.
It’s like watching a movie backwards. The house shudders and warps, things slide back into place, splinters of wood reform into walls, doors, and glass shards slide back into window frames and ripple together. The house creaks as it settles, it looks like nothing happened. Even the breakfast plates are back on the table.
Sam hands scrabble to Gabriel's waist, fingers pressing into the soft skin there, trying to leave a mark. "This isn't naked," Sam manages. His fingers are clumsy as he plays with the button and zipper of Gabriel's jeans.
Sam shrugs. "Well, I did sleep with a demon," the side of his mouth curves up slightly, and he drags his fingers idly down Gabriel's spine.
She pulls out of his grasp and makes herself comfortable in the tight space between him and Dean, talking brightly to her lion and now, her bear. After a moment Castiel frowns and Dean tugs on his shirt.
"It bears repeating. You'd be surprised at how much bullshit he can deadpan before anyone calls him on it."
“You put it in your mouth,” Dean explains as he tilts the bottle up and Abe’s suspicious face turns into a pleased grin around the rubber nipple.
Gabriel is standing on the porch watching Barachiel stalk the edges of Bobby's property, frowning here and there. Bobby had taken a good long look at Barachiel and then promptly kicked both the archangels out. Apparently if they kept breaking his wards they could damn well fix them when they were done. Gabriel had brought up the very good point that they didn't actually "break" anything, just sort of moved in between. It had been less then effective. Plus, he knew it was Bobby's way of protecting Elle, and Cas, and Sam, and Dean who still had that stick-up-his-ass look and hadn't said much the whole time Barach was in the house, at least to anyone that wasn't Sam or Cas. Honestly, it was like Cas had married some wide eyed housewife who hid from company, which was hysterical because Dean was loud, brash, and had no problem getting into people's faces -- he'd decked Zachariah for crying out loud. Gabriel was smiling at the thought when Barachiel broke the quiet.
stay at a motel, she’s going to trash every other place we stay in. And someone or something is going to notice sooner or later," Sam insists. Plus Bobby dealt with
Barachiel turns, wiping his face with the corner of his sleeve. He sniffs and takes a breath. "Michael didn't even know what decade it was, much less what the hell was going on down here. He kept saying that Zachariah had it under control. I don't think he's bothered to check anything in years, if ever. He just let Zachariah do whatever the hell he thought best."
"Get away from him, Jhudiel!" Her voice shakes despite best efforts. Jhudiel, why did it have to be Jhudiel? And her mark... her mark is...
"You just stay in your corner," he says which sounds like the smartest thing she's heard all year. "Just stay there and hang onto that little one."
"Come on, Gabriel, don't be a bastard. S’why I'm here, innit? If there's a new little’un kicking around, I wanna take a look at her. We’ve not had one since Castiel, and you know I’d never lay a finger on her, so I don't know why you’re eyein' me like that."
. Dean wasn’t going get in the middle of anything nerdy after living with Sam for so long, so he pretty much just let the angel go.
There aren’t shadows behind Zachariah now, just Gabriel. He isn't smiling, he doesn’t even have that smirk he always wears. This isn’t the Trickster at all. This is one hundred percent Herald Angel of Judgment and he’s pissed off as fuck. Sam doesn't believe the relief he feels makes him any less of a man, not in any way.
He sees it in Anna's eyes, the shock and then acceptance as she turns, running through the clear path that his wings made. Trying to get back to the house before...
“Nothing!” Jo hisses. “I just started making breakfast and he freaked out when I started cooking the bacon.”
Anna shakes her head. "No, he just said that you and the Winchesters needed assistance. Though I was hesitant after my last encounter with Castiel." She scowls. "Your fledgling sold me out to Zachariah. I'm still not happy about that. And that re-education program Zachariah is running... who thought letting him have any power was a good idea? And don't say
Castiel will never understand the way Dean and Sam converse at times, but he feels a certain envy that he never had sibling with whom such insults were meant in affection not in truth.
"Is there a reason we're having a meeting at five in the morning?" He frowns but Cas is making coffee so at least there's some respite coming. He can hold off on arguing until he finds out what's going on.
Dean hopes Gabriel is gonna work with them on this because he can’t lose another family. Gabriel swallows and opens his mouth, but that’s when Cas walks in, carrying Abe and they both have that ‘why the hell am I up?’ glare.
"I didn't... Oh God... Elle... He knows..." Sam is shaking, panicked, he couldn't even do this one thing -- protect this one thing for his brother.
There are just sometimes when a facepalm is all you have left, archangel or not, "Pru, how on Earth did you mix a human and an angel?"
“I’m not sure,” Gabriel growls, shifting Castiel on his hip, he is starting to make noises now, fear noises as more of his brothers arrive to stare and it is making Gabriel more uncomfortable by the second.
The baby makes a noise when Cas speaks and twists in Dean’s grip until he lets her onto the comforter to squirm over to Castiel’s knees, where the angel smoothes his hand over her head before scooping her up onto his lap.
Castiel runs his hand over Elle's back as she crawls up to the head of the bed towards the bear. She clutches her lion in her hand which slightly impedes her, but it makes Castiel smile again as she wriggles across the bed. She pulls the bear into her arms, touching the lion's nose to the bear's and babbles to them in a mixture of English, angelic, and pure nonsense.
It isn’t until Luc has scarfed three Twinkies that he starts yelling, “Why won’t he take me home!? I didn’t do anything!”
The grin that Lucifer has is downright terrifying, “So, that’s when we go. When Samuel gives the word.”
Anna yelps as all of a sudden the hands on her are gone and she's falling. Crowley lands on top of her as they tumble out of the laundry room and she blinks up at the new skylight the kitchen is sporting. Along with it's two and a half walls. The angels are gone. It's quiet except for the creaking of the house and after a moment Crowley lifts his head and she smiles. He looks at her like she's gone completely daft and just as he opens his mouth she surges up and kisses him. It's really the only way to shut him up. She stops when someone clears their throat above her.
“Maybe. I don’t know.” Dean scratches the back of his neck because well, wanting someone to keep busy so they don’t lay down and die is one thing but having them know about it is well...
“Several hundred,” Remiel replies. “And there is a large number that went into hiding. They follow Crowley.”
Dean lifts his chin. “Did he just say something? 'Cause I can’t hear shit. Was he trying to be witty or scary? Come on, someone throw me a bone.” Dean is holding the baby to his chest, body angled protectively around her. She shimmers in his arms, and Sam really hopes she doesn't pick now to shift.
A beat passes before Sam breaks into laughter and lets Gabriel push him into the van and shut the door behind them. Sam is still laughing as Gabriel kisses him and gets him all muddy because he can, because this is his mate and it's his right to get him all dirty and make him laugh until there are tears in his eyes.
Sam's fingers tighten at the thought of that, of how much he suddenly wants that. To be on his hands and knees in the mud, or on his back, with the rain pounding down on them. "Next time," he promises. He leans up as Gabriel's mouth leaves his skin, presses his mouth to Gabriel's in a demand for a kiss.
He fights the urge to correct some of her incorrect phrasing. Dean had told him that babies, even those as smart as their baby girl, were still learning how to put their words together. He watches as Elle lifts the bear in the air as if it was flying. "Can Bear-Bear fly?" she asks in angelic.
"No," he tells her softly in his own language. "You cannot, Elle." Castiel tries to take her hands away but she makes an angry distressed noise that attracts everyone's attention.
Dean makes a sound in the back of his throat, Castiel wants to go to him but there's blood on his hands and he's afraid that if he touches Dean right now that he'll take them all someplace safe, anywhere that's not here. "Fuck," Dean breathes. "We didn't need this. Who's powerful enough to take out Lucifer?"
Cas could have least stuck around until he woke up. They’d spent what little of the night they had clinging to each other, not speaking. Cas had been a mess. Dean hadn’t been much better. Sam’s gone. Elle’s gone, and if they can’t get them back Dean thinks something in both him and Cas is going to break for good.
He does it without thinking about it, his hand sliding down to cup the boys face and he lets what he’s feeling press out just like he does with Gabriel.
"Uh huh," Sam nods, and Gabriel thinks that maybe Sam Winchester is the only human in the world that can look at him and be completely and utterly unimpressed. "It better be good or I'll leave you out here."
He takes the wide stare as acknowledgement that he’s at least being paid attention to and just lets his mouth run with it. “Gabe said you were an archivist. I am assuming this involves books right?”
"You do not wish to discuss our child," Castiel says flatly. "Robert informed me that the idea of commitment scares you. I will not press the matter."
"Don't listen to Barach, he's an idiot and wouldn't know a good thing if it slapped him across the face. Which it did and he didn't," Anna laughs.
Cas' fingers brush against Dean's cock through the soft cotton. Dean's hips press forward and he wonders just when he'd gotten so hard. "Cas."
"I'm fun to fuck with I've been told," Sam says tone dry and self deprecating. But he's smiling just a bit, his eyes almost... "Fun to fuck too."
Remiel has never seen fire in Barachiel like this. All of his memories pale in comparison to this, to now; this vessel, burning bright and painted in such strange human colors, as captivating as ever. His mouth has gone dry and he has the barest thought that it wasn't supposed to do that, but Barachiel has raised his hand, tempting fate once more and when he slides his fingers into Remiel's hair it's the most infinitely tender thing he's ever known. He wants to tell Barachiel to stop, that neither of them have the time or lives for this anymore. But all the words tangle in his throat when Barachiel's warm brown eyes soften around the edges and he says it.
He looks miserable. He's taken his hat off and is twisting the brim in his hands while gritting his teeth.
Castiel brushes his fingers across Dean's wrist. "Never do. My place is and should have been with you, always."
He doesn’t figure it out until a firm hand pushes him backwards and he so does not let out the girliest squeak on the planet as he falls onto the bed.
"Um, no...maybe?" Barachiel walked over and clicked open the highchair, closed it, opened it again and then closed it. "He makes me clean if he thinks I'm bored. I mean who does that? Besides mums?"
They've locked her in a room with a demon which is pretty much the best reason for hysterical panic but she's got the baby to think about and so far the demon hasn't well... done anything to her.
More pleased when Raven leers at Sam and shakes her head. "That boy is far too good looking for you, Gabriel."
Abe lets out a string of baby babble that he thinks are perfectly good words. He’s been trying this talking thing for the last week or so. So far he’s mastered ‘Dee’ and “Puh’. Dean shuffles into the kitchen, turning so Abe can’t drag the box of doughnuts off the counter.
Then comes the epic battle of trying to get the baby redressed which Dean finally wins after distracting him and working fast. He gets a long whine for his troubles that almost makes him deaf as he watches the baby wriggle around on the bed trying to get his jumper off.
"Oi, I shouldn't have to knock. There should've been nothing for me to interrupt," Barachiel snaps back.
Dean makes his way out the front door and stops. Castiel is curled up on the front step, leaning against the railing. He’s watching Gabriel. Gabriel who is crouched out in the middle of the junkyard, barefoot in a circle of twisting runes. The archangel is hunched in on himself, motionless and still wearing his bloody clothes. He has one hand out in front of him, dug into the dirt and his other hand is pulled up, gripping the back of his own neck.
Dean stops when he exits the kitchen and Sam realizes that he's been hovering around the doorway like some sort of mother hen.
"New developments, Samuel?" Lucifer looks almost amused. "Don't tell me you've gone and gotten some pretty thing in the family way. I didn't even know you were seeing someone."
He doesn’t think the baby understands but apparently Dean talking is more interesting than trying to yank his clothes off. Dean rubs his wings and lets him roll around on the bed with his pig for a bit before he looks at the clock.
The smell brings everyone down and Castiel takes a bowl out to Barachiel and Remiel in the barn. Sam isn't sure why because angels don't need to eat... but then Barachiel, like Gabriel, seems to enjoy eating.
The other angel's eyes are on the bathroom door and the sound of the shower running beyond that. There is something to Gabriel's face that's almost unreadable, a longing.
"I'm fine," Dean, protests, shaking his head and blinking, "It was just like looking right at the sun for too long. I was more worried I'd drop her, it was like holding static electricity."
Dean grumbles and he’s pretty sure he’s protesting that he’s fine and he’s gotta answer the phones today and he still has to finish up the reports he got from the eastern hubs... But Cas keeps swaying him and he closes his eyes against the motion, what the hell is the angel doing?
“Baby, baby, sweetie, please. Just calm down and we’ll fix it? Okay?” Dean is pleading as he rocks her and strokes her head, his face a grimace of pain the entire time.
Sam blinks and turns suddenly, Gabriel is on the other side of the crib, reaching out for him and Lucifer is laughing.
injured and possibly delirious. Castiel remembers weapons lessons with Remiel, he's not sure that much could stop the fallen if he decided he wanted out of the house.
"Emily Parish," Robert says, kneeling down next to the couch to check her vitals. He brushes her hair back from her face gently. "She went missing a couple of months ago. I've known her family for years. I tried to find her for her mother but I was... limited." He glanced down at his now healed legs.
"What did you think? When he left, what did you think happened?" Dean whispers and opens his eyes to look up at him.
Sam opens the highchair and lifts Elle out, holding her to his chest. The gold lion sits in the chair momentarily forgotten. "Hell changed Dean," Sam points out.
"Pffft," Barachiel rolls his eyes and then shoots Sam a suggestive look. "Don't listen to her. This is man time. I need you to be serious. Now, just where has Gabriel touched you?"
He can hear her calling for Bobby and then, everything goes silent. There's a figure in the front doorway. A huge angel with white blonde hair and an immaculate suit.
He wonders what her dreams are like, if she remembered more than shadows and smells. It's a long moment of silence before he realizes that was probably not the thing to say.
Dean is not really a nightmare having person. Sure, he’s had times in his life that have sucked but usually shit doesn’t get this vivid. He’s blaming the tail end of this stupid cold. He wakes himself up because he’s making this half strangled goat noise and somewhere in the middle of trying to not dry heave at the thought of glassy black eyes he realizes that there are hands on him.
"My Lord bade me to simply observe and report. I must admit, I am almost appalled at the lack of security protocol your people are operating under."
"Oh." Sam takes a strawberry from the bowl, wondering if it'll be as sweet as from...he cuts off the line of thought. "I don't remember falling asleep."
"This is my beloved," Cas tells him after a moment's hesitation. "Latin... It is not my tongue but it is beautiful."
Dean grins and presses his face into Cas’ chest to keep from laughing. “I was trying to tell you that humans don’t cuddle unless they know each other really well.”
"And you didn't think to bring this up? Even with Cas cut off, he could still ward your dreams." The words are sharp, and Sam cringes.
"Lord Raphael?" the angel's vessel's voice is almost trembling. It... troubles him. There was a time when even the lowest ranking angel wouldn't fear him. Why would they fear their Father's Healer?
He sighs again, and releases Castiel who is almost immediately back on him, tiny hands grasping at his wings or whatever else they can get a hold of and snuggling into him. Gabriel still isn’t sure what he’s supposed to make of this. Is it a test? To see how long he can take it before he snaps? Or is it something else? His Father was terribly vague.
Raphael raises a hand for silence. He trained Mendel in healing, so long ago, and the younger angel had never acclimated to the battlefield. "When did her form change? She was in the form of a human child when she was retrieved from the enemy garrisons compound."
Dean remembers how Dad was after Mom died. He remembers how much he hated it. How much it affected the whole family.
There are pancakes for breakfast. Castiel is unsure if Gabriel made them or simply conjured them as the pancakes were already there when he arrived in the kitchen with Elle. Dean and Robert are already eating. Dean is sitting next to Castiel, eating one handed -- his injured hand kept him from sleeping more than a few hours, much to Castiel's distress.
That earns him a full body shudder and sharp cry that rattles everything, making the metal around them vibrate. The sound makes Sam's ears ache just a little, but God it sounds beautiful. Gabriel shakes his head back and forth, hair sticking to his skin. "Can't... I'd... can't control my grace."
Gabriel sighs, snaps his fingers for another beer, and leans back with Sam. "You would know her as Anansi and, well, I don't think human tongues can pronounce her real name. Seems appropriate to start with her since she brought stories to the world before Dad had thought you lot up. "
Dean points to the laundry basket next to his desk and there are a dozen warnings in his head about keeping her emotions in check and he’s sort of shy...
The kitchen is quiet, almost too quiet in comparison to the rest of the house, but that's where Dean finds Gabriel. Dean had tried the basement first after leaving Bobby and his loud demands for answers Dean couldn't really give. The panic room had been shut up tight and Dean had almost expected to hear Sam screaming for him inside. So, really, Dean's glad to find Gabriel away from everyone else. Even if the calm and quiet taste false. The archangel is leaning against the counter, drinking down a beer without a pause. Dean rolls his eyes then thinks
Sam can hear Castiel's exasperated sigh from upstairs and Dean can't hide the smile that suddenly breaks out across his face. Sam can't help but grin at that and shake his head. "She's gonna keep doing that until you go up there."
Castiel's wings dip slightly. "I haven't had the chance. Things happened rather quickly. I did not think it would be safe."
Sam runs his tongue over his bottom lip, then turns around with the bottle in hand. "Here, sweetheart," he tells the baby, giving her the bottle.
Slowly, Dean swallows and he remembers what Barachiel said. Michael didn’t know. Dean’s been down here dealing with this shit for years now and what the hell would it have been like if he’d been like everyone else? Oblivious, apathetic, when he could have done something about it? He can’t imagine what Michael is going through, what he’s gonna have to fix. Dean’s not sure he cares. He just needs to fix this, right now-
Castiel frowns, feeling as if he's missing information. He will not pry into this unless it's needed, though Samuel could do worse than have Gabriel's attentions on him. "They do not trust you because of your actions towards them before, but both he and Dean would appreciate your help."
“I asked first,” Gabriel frowns over Luc’s dirty blond hair as if he was offended Sam would imply he wouldn’t.
Sam swallows hard, that's not the real reason. Not anywhere close to it, and why is Gabriel practically lying? "Actually Castiel defied heaven's orders to give Dean a chance to keep me from starting the Apocalypse. And that didn't go so well," he says, and rubs the back of his neck, his eyes firmly on the ground.
Her dark eyes glitter as she nods to herself. "Everyone said you weren't serious, that you're just playing, saying you're an archangel. That you've got agendas. You don't actually have any. You're telling the truth. That's the real trick."
"Is there something wrong with the baby?" Sam asks carefully, and Sam was never a good actor, the worry is plain in his voice. Dean suddenly remembers he wasn't there when Gabriel showed up.
know what he needs,” Gabriel breathes against the side of Sam’s neck and he can feel the hurt, the helplessness, buzzing around Gabriel.
"Pagan gods," Dean mutters. "I don't think they'd be too happy to help someone that's taken out some of their kind."
Barachiel winces, he doesn't need this now. He doesn't need to explain to the fledgling that sometimes, even when you fight for it, even when you try hanging on it isn't enough. But that blue stare doesn't go away and he ends up looking down at Eala, at Emily, at those hideous marks that something carved into her because of
She would know her brother, wouldn't she? It sounded right, Gabriel was a force of nature and Sam was just... Sam was holding his blade. An archangel's blade, and a dozen little things are starting to add up. The small touches. The sitting. That look in Gabriel's eyes when Lucifer was in the dream. It was panic and fear... He couldn't get Sam out of there fast enough and Sam had tried convincing himself that it was because of Elle, that he was endangering everyone. But... if Sam was a danger to everyone, Gabriel never would have handed him the blade.
He slams into the ground, tossed onto his back like he weighs two pounds and through the spots in his vision he sees the angel bitch take a step towards him. Her face is blank. Unsmiling. She grabs the front of his shirt and then... Her eyes light up.
"Jerk!" Dean manages as he reclaims his hand from Gabriel, flexing his fingers before starting to pull the wrap off.
Castiel is still fighting when Gabriel slips out of heaven with nothing but his grace and the gaping roil of emotion that he’s been hiding for years.
Gabriel really means to say yes, he minds, even as he blinks at the objects Sam carries. "No, have a seat, Sammy."
Castiel nods in agreement and moves closer to the bed. Careful not to wake man or child, he places his hand over Dean's where it rests on the baby's back. They both seem so fragile and vulnerable like this, and Castiel is unsure of his ability to keep them both safe. Dean would never admit to needing protection, but Castiel protects him as best he's able... But he could not save Ellen and Jo, could not protect Dean from the pain of their deaths.
His Father is there, waiting on the mountaintops as He said He would be in the shape of a roiling storm but there, running around on the mountain pell-mell through the mists is a little slip of shadow. Gabriel can just make out the wings on it as it squeals past in laughter, the storm rumbling in joy around it.
"A little bit." Sam confesses. The paranoid part of him had thought they were talking about him, but the sensible part figured that the demon in the basement was more important.
After long deliberation he gets his cell phone and takes a picture, as clearly as he can and sends it to Sam with the short message of,
Perhaps Castiel stands at the foot of the stairs too long. Barachiel has already come back inside, and retreated into the kitchen without a word. It is not that he is... hesitant... to speak to Dean but he doesn't wish to fight with Dean either. Dean's temper always burns hot. Often with righteous fury behind it and it is part of what drew Castiel to Dean. Sometimes though it burns too hot and Dean lashes out, often at Sam and Castiel. Though Castiel will admit he has sometimes deserved his mate's fury.
"A fertility Goddess?" Bobby repeats, as he laughs. "Dean Winchester, you really are your father's son, aren't you, boy?"
Sam's teeth are clenched against the pain and the horrifying sense of violation. "Go to hell," he grits out. His skin where the mark is slick with blood. He almost hopes they forget and let him bleed out.
Dean laughs and leans back into Castiel touch. "No. I think he had a tag that called him Cedric or something at one point. I was, uhm, I guess three or so? I don't really remember it too clearly, but I think I was pretending to be a king and I needed a knight to help me on a quest." He frowns just slightly. "I don't know where the Fuzzybuttons comes from."
"Giggles!" She squeals when she sees him and tackles him into the hay, already putting those beautiful tongues to work.
Dean blinks and looks from Castiel to Elle who is introducing her lion to her bear and... Dean is laughing again. Castiel frowns at his mate. It is not a laughing matter, and really he only has himself to blame.
is only made better by the fact that Raven squeaks and snaps her beak a few times but ultimately falls silent. Sam Winchester has stricken Raven speechless. Gabriel is pretty sure that Sam wins a couple of bets that have been in limbo since the beginning of time. Sam looks at Gabriel far too sweetly amused as he tries to not laugh, he's more or less successful by the time Raven croaks out, "Mate!? What!?"
The fledgling is crying. The sound cuts Raphael like a knife and he follows the sound through the compound. Demons melt aside and he clenches his vessel's jaw, if Zachariah did not speak for Michael, he wouldn't tolerate any of this. One of the lowest ranking angels, wearing a female vessel, hesitatingly approaches him before he reaches the source of the sound.
"Oh," Anna sits up. "It really depends on your partner. That's very human. Usually trinkets, jewelry or flowers, things to adorn."
Cas comes back thirty seconds later and plops a sleepy Abe in the middle of his chest who blinks and promptly curls up on his chest.
A beat passes before the shouting from inside ratchets up a notch making the windows rattle and the lights flicker. Oh man, Cas is mad.
Michael and Lucifer are in the kitchen, papers spread out across the table, speaking low to each other with words the Dean can’t understand. The back door opens as he pauses and Remiel comes in with Barachiel on his heels. Barachiel says something to Michael as Remiel produces more paper, covered with unrecognizable symbols that he presents to Lucifer.
Elle giggles as Barachiel stands, rubbing his shoulder. "Damn, Castiel. I thought you were Robert for a second."
Dean chuckled into his pillow, trying to not fall asleep again as Cas practically petted him. Hm. Wait. Dean pushed himself up rolling over and blearily looking at the angel with the least amount of suspicion he could muster. "What are you up here for?"
Fuck. Of course, of course it's Lucifer. He's not even dressed up as someone else this time. He's... Nick. He's in flannel and jeans, looking innocent, looking comfortable and he's... Sam suddenly feels his heart jump into his throat. All the furniture in the room is the same. All of it, down to the wooden crib that Lucifer is frowning into; running his fingers along the railing.
Dean gets half a second to blink before another guy pops into his living room and he’s gonna have to lay down some rules about that. Only this guy has two pairs of golden wings on his back and Dean suddenly remembers his dreams for the last two weeks. The feeling of hopelessness as people he didn’t know worked their way towards him.
"There are a couple of things you could do..." Anna looks up to meet his eyes. "I'll walk you through them."
"I can't," Anna sobs bending her head back over Crowley. Gabriel watches as she tries, stretching out her grace around the demon.
But then Jo gets the baby laughing and Dean shakes his head. “You’ve never been that happy to see me.”
Sam tries to not snort coffee, he really does, and hears his dad chuckle as he coughs. He gets a glance from Dean and Gabriel who are hunched over the dining room table, shoulder to shoulder, going over poltergeist statistics. But they stop paying attention to him when Cas walks over with two plates of french toast.
“Alright,” Castiel nods as he turns quietly back to his book leaving Dean wondering what question he just answered.
Gabriel resists rolling his eyes. "Fine then. Anna help with the wards and try to keep the arguing to a minimum."
Then there's a chiming sound as she shifts, becoming light and shadow and tiny wings of liquid metal that makes Castiel think of Dean's car.
Sam had sat through awkward silence watching Abe. Dean had gotten him a plastic baby walker and after twenty minutes of Cas frowning Abe had finally figured it out and was scooting around the living room in half circles. Sam sits there for a half hour before he goes to the store.
Dean shifts, letting Cas ease out of him, before turning. He takes in the sight of Cas, lips bitten red, mouth slick, and he has to kiss him. Dean pushes his fingers through Cas' hair, runs his fingertips down Cas' spine. "What was that last part?" Dean asks, not expecting an answer.
Both of the angels nod as if Sam completely knows what's going on. He hasn't exactly thought about him and Gabriel. Okay, scratch that. He's thought about him and Gabriel. Kind of a lot. Kind of more than he probably should have been. But in a courting sense? A chocolate and roses sense? No, that was a little too chick flick even for him.
, Dean breathes to Castiel... to his mate. He’s right. Lucifer is left alone, to contemplate, to stare at the sheen of his brother’s blood on his hands.
Bobby looks up and gives him a tired but genuine smile. "She woke up about an hour ago, and wanted two things. A shower and to bake," he shakes his head. "She ran a bakery in town before she disappeared."
to the idiot Winchester and Bobby is well, the closest thing he has to a father. So in some silly, unimportant, roundabout way Bobby was family now. Family.
"What are you two fighting about now?" Bobby sighs, he sounds fond and exasperated all at the same time.
The angel laughs. "I sincerely doubt it, Samuel." He pats Sam's cheek with the flat of the blade. "Look at you, getting blood all over the place. Such horrible manners."
He must make a noise, Dean's not sure, but suddenly Sam is shushing him. "Hey, you'll wake her up. She just fell asleep."
Lucifer doesn't stop, he presses close, too close, and reaches past Sam into the crib. The lion glints in the light as Lucifer slides his fingers around it carefully, almost reverently. Sam can't read his expression, it's like seeing Gabriel in the circle of holy oil, seeing him standing behind Zachariah, this is an old look. Power, shaking and terrifying. Sam reaches slowly behind him and wraps his hands around the crib railing, desperately trying to remember the brush of fingers and the sound of a smile in silence. Anything, think about anything but...
"No," Cas snaps. He clutches Elle tighter. She makes a soft, sleepy complaint which makes him ease his grip slightly. "I will protect you both." A bare bit of power rides his voice, and Dean remembers dark wings and a creature, powerful and frightening.
The noises from downstairs were quiet, hushed and it was the quiet that had made Castiel pause. Sam was on the couch, dozing, a book lying open on his chest and Gabriel stood over him with Elle in the crook of his arm. Gabriel's fingers were clever and quick over Sam's brow, weaving protection and safety as Elle peers down, curious. Gabriel smoothes Sam's hair out of his eyes before walking around the couch and settling on the floor at the younger Winchesters side, talking softly to Elle and rocking her. Castiel blinks, there are chairs free in the living room but...
They've gone in a circle while they spoke and Sam feels his back hit the edge of the crib. "I'm not asking you for anything. I'm not saying yes. I'm not..."
"Alright, alright. So, Goliath here’s the one that cocked it all up then? What’s that got to do with your fledgling?"
Gabriel laughs at that. "I enjoy the tastes of things." In honesty though he doesn't get hungry, but he misses food if he doesn't eat for days at a time.
demon and I would have laid down and died if I'd lost you," she whispers, laying her hand over where her mark once was. "If Remiel hadn't been able to heal you, even Barachiel couldn't have kept me in this world. I would have followed you into oblivion and given you absolution with my last ounce of grace."
chases Gabriel up mountains and through canyons. He flies with birds and hides in tornados. He flies into thunderstorms and pesters Raphael until the older angel drives him out with lightning. He flies little gifts to their Father. He flies down under the ocean and chases fish with Barachiel. He flies up to the highest point on Earth to watch the sunrise with the Morningstar with his golden lion in his lap.
He can’t remember the last time he’s heard his brother laugh. “These are what I thought they were. They gave him to you?”
"Decades, Michael," Barachiel stands straight and tries to not bite his lip. Michael is slow, listless, his grace is muted... Silence passes for far too long and Barachiel clears his throat without thinking about it. "Michael?"
It hadn't been magnificent at all. It had been terrible... It had been misery... He'd lost so much... Remiel gasps and dives backwards before it's almost too late. He can
Well shit. If John didn’t have the rep of being a fucking hard ass Dean would say that he was trying to do something nice. “You could have gotten me a dog.”
It turns out that Gabriel is one of those take charge kind of people. With the double set of wings and the whole ‘first garrison’ thing Dean isn’t very surprised. He gets Castiel off the floor and between him and Dean they lay the angel on Dean’s bed. He won’t let go of Abdiel but Dean just tucks Pig in with them and the baby curls up against well... Dean swallows, that is his father isn’t it?
"Zachariah is speaking in your stead. He's been punishing angels that he says are disobeying. He bloody
Reaching up, Gabriel brushes his fingers over Sam's forehead sketching out symbols and runes. He's just reinforcing the wards and protections he'd placed the night before, but it seems to soothe Sam. Even with the wards, Gabriel will watch his dreams. Lucifer isn't going to violate Sam's dreams for even one more night.
"Dean," Castiel breathes, searching for the right words. It would seem that Dean knew that he had known about Samuel's dreams before Dean had. He shifts his hands and finds that he's still holding the bear. "Robert told me to give this to you." He holds out the stuffed toy to Dean.
"Good," Gabriel raises his chin slightly. "Barachiel, how go the preparations for that mission we discussed?"
Gabriel swallows and shakes his head. "No, it isn't wrong. Though I wish he hadn't shown up at all. We're on edge enough as it is."
"You weren't though. You were... little," Dean is grinning full force now. "Why did God make you little?"
Gabriel turns his head away from the bathroom door quickly. "I'm just..." he shakes his head. "Don't worry about it, Cas. I'm not going to do anything to the boy. He's made his feeling about me pretty clear."
Sam wonders if this has been building since he first met the Trickster angel all those years ago and was taken in by his smile.
“My hands are full, I’ve got him in the bath.” Dean explains over the baby squealing and all of a sudden the brilliant unmistakable sound of Sam laughing.
Cas is silent for a moment, cradling Elle to his chest and leaning slightly into Dean's hand. "Has the girl awakened?"
Sam does more than that. He moves closer, dips his head just inside the van. "Gabriel? It's just Sam," there's a single light in the roof of the van that casts a dim light into the van's interior. "I brought you some food and beer."
“Gabriel is my brother, and whether or not it’s official, you are his mate,” Castiel tucks a lock of hair behind Sam’s ear and he tries to not smile because the other angel is
"I'm a demon, Anna," he reminds her, smile sharp and biting though his tone falls flat. "You're an angel. You love a dead human that you think you see in me. Not that I don't enjoy the benefits..."
There's silence while Gabriel drains half his beer. "I don't know," he finally says. It's honest and raw, and it shakes Dean just a little bit. "Something like that has never... was never supposed to be."
"Baby girl, you've gotta quit that." Dean shifts her higher as guileless blue eyes stare up at him and Castiel turns.
Dean will give it a seven on the weird shit meter. But that’s only because number eight is about to show up.
Gabriel shakes it off mentally and starts in on the chili. Spicy things and sweet things have always been his favorite and the chili is just the right level of hot. He's aware of Sam glancing at him every now and then but mostly the boy stays quiet and gazes at the stars. Gabriel tries not to watch Sam's fingers on the neck of the beer bottle the way they skim and circle. He tries not to notice how Sam's leg brushes against his or how the steady rhythm of Sam's heart calls to him.
The brands that each angel outside the wards is bearing. On their arm or neck or face. Only Michael had access to the text that allowed that. But who knew what he'd let Zachariah do in his apathy.
“Yes, my lord.” The Fallen rises from the porch. Where Barachiel is slumped in exhaustion under the Fallen’s coat. Lucifer spares a moment for them. They are a reminder. Gabriel is a reminder, and Castiel who used to be so small.
“Well, at least you saved the books,” Sam grins as he climbs out of the nest and digs around in his dresser for a clean shirt. “Look, lemme grab Gabe, we can swing by and help you out this afternoon.”
came into the house. She can hear Barachiel panting and a moment passes before there's a 'thud' and it all gets bright. Remiel is laying on his back next to them dazed and breathing heavily.
"The baby," Castiel says, slowly, as if he's picking each word carefully and weighing it against others, "when she shifted from human to angel form blinded him. It did not affect me."
"He took Elle upstairs to your brother, he hasn't been flying for the joy of it in a long time. He's... happy." Gabriel breathes the last word.
"It seems that way," Barachiel grumbles, because he really doesn't want to think about it either. Because how did her parents not
Dean's rubbing a towel over his hair as he stares at his bloodshot eyes in the steamed-up mirror. Cas had said he had the baby situation under control and Sam was there, and well Dean hadn't showered since the demons. Plus he'd had blood in his hair, not to mention little bits of metal.
"Be silent," Castiel orders. His anger feels like a tangible thing, it threatens to break free from his grasp, and he really understands the human saying of not being able to see straight. He loves Dean, with all his heart, soul, and remaining grace, but part of him wishes such violence on Dean now. "How is treating
Dean represses a sigh and eases down on the bed beside him. "Here, my arms are getting tired," he shifts the sleeping baby, gold lion and all, into Cas' arms, then presses a kiss to Cas' throat.
"What do you mean I wasn't supposed to do it? They were so sweet and manly! That green-eyed hunter just swooped in and bam!" Pru jumps and claps her hands once, "And the angel was sooo nice once he saw me! All apologetic and those eyes! How could I not make sure those eyes were carried on? There was just so much looove in him!"
He keeps himself still, no sense in giving away anything, not until he'd fully taken in the layout of where they were being held. He can feel the wards, heavy, complex, a devil's trap added in for good measure. These are wards that keep things in as much as they keep them out. Demon and angel. Some are new, he can sense the freshness of the power, angelic in nature, pulsing in them.
Castiel shifts further up the bed. "No, he can't. You need wings to fly," he tells her in the same language. "Like birds."
But the angels left. They left a bunch of humans that didn’t know how to take care of themselves. Which was why there were Hunters now. Some people hate the angels for leaving them. Others build churches and wait for them to come back.
Remiel screams when Barachiel finally gets a hold of the handle and pulls. Castiel hears Dean and Robert gasp and Sam grunt, he's kneeling by Remiel before he even knows it, covering his mouth before he can hurt the humans and trying to hold his other arm as the fallen struggles blindly. Elle is crying in distress, almost wailing, her form shimmering as if she's going to shift while Dean rocks her, keeps his hand cupped around her head so she doesn't look, and Castiel closes his eyes as he hears Barachiel, voice wrought with desperation.
"No one cares what you like, traitor," Jhudiel hisses. "We should have torn your grace from you when we had the chance."
He hopes fervently that Dean will be able bond with the baby. Dean will be a good father, Castiel knows this.
"I wanted to," Sam says softly, making himself comfortable against the wall but within touching distance of Gabriel. "I was worried. You didn't come into the house," he wants to say
“I need you to take point on a project.” His dad is using his ‘serious’ voice which sounds almost identical to his ‘not serious’ voice but means more work for Dean.
Castiel stands ramrod still next to Dean, his hand spread across the baby's back. The baby is looking around curiously, making soft bird like noises, then smiles widely at Bobby. "Bobby!" she declares happy, spreading her arms in the air.
“Hey, I can take care of a baby just- Don’t put that in your mouth.” Dean is holding the bottle of soap away from the baby and listening to his brother crack up while he bites the inside of his cheek to keep from smiling.
Something in Sam's head is telling him that this is strange. Gabriel's hands are on him, but it's the look of concern on the Archangel's face that makes Sam stop. Gabriel isn't worried about Elle or Cas or... Gabriel is worried about
“I guess,” he says because Cas didn’t call it anything. “I mean, it’s not like we had kinky angel sex... Wait, did we have-”
Dean blinks, because Lucifer is rushing out of the doorway as Michael’s head snaps up. Lucifer sounded... frantic. Worried. Dean scrambles off the floor as Michael moves to the front door. This isn’t good. This can’t be good.
There are nods all around even though Sam is expecting Dean to bitch, because he always bitches but then again they hadn't though it was going to get this bad this fast.
“You’re confused,” Castiel rumbles as they sit, shoulder to shoulder against the headboard with Abe in Cas’ lap.
Gabriel brings her down and gives her over to Castiel again. Castiel runs his hands over her shadows, remembering too clearly the sound of her cry and the sickening realization that he couldn't protect her.
“What I want and what I need are usually different things.” Dean snaps. “I want to go back to bed. What I need to do is make sure you and Cas stop turning the house into a battleground.”
Gabriel steps up and bumps Castiel's shoulder. "We could take her tonight, it should be safe now that the wards have been tightened. Besides, Barach and I are here." he suggests. "Unless you think your mate would have a fit."
Sam shrugs, taking a swig of his own beer and leans back against the windshield. "But you like food."
He really doesn’t want to confess that he just wants to keep Cas busy. I mean, it sort of worked for his dad and him.
Dean knows that it’s way too early to be awake. The windows are still dark behind the curtains and he can’t even hear any of the birds that are usually up greeting the dawn and doing whatever the fuck birds did. Besides be noisy.
"Speaking of his brother... You climbed that mountain of a man yet?" Barachiel's smile is sly and insinuating.
“You know I don’t know what that is.” Dean rubs his hand over his face because he didn’t think it was gonna be this hard. He figured he was gonna get a ‘my brother hates Earth’ and that was that.
Gabriel notices this as Castiel occupies himself with a set of stones that Gabriel has fashioned into a family of three and a dog for him. Somewhere along the line he’d acquired a lion made of gold, a soapstone giraffe, as well as a horse and a bear made of brass. Since that morning though, he has also acquired a dozen little clay birds and a wooden boat that Gabriel has never seen before.
Silence for a moment before Barachiel crouched down and flipped his hat off, toying with it. "Even if that's true, Dean Winchester has a lot more to worry about than just his brother now."
Dean drops his fork and takes one of her small hands in his good one. "I know, baby girl, but you'll have to wait 'til you're older to do that sorta thing."
"Forever sounds good," Sam tells him raggedly and shifts his hips. Starts to push into Gabriel and the hot, slick clasp of his inner muscles.
It’s kind of funny watching a baby try to figure out what food is. Dean’s used to how Sam was when he was little. Always hungry for anything he could get. But this is Abe, propped up on the couch against Pig, with his hair all messy frowning over the bottle that Dean gave him like it was a small explosive.
With a quick movement, Gabriel flicks his sword forward before he makes a loop and Sam nods. Gabriel vanishes and Sam swallows before he steps forward.
Abe is passed out in the playpen in a total sugar coma. Gabriel found some cupcake place that made the things the size of Abe’s head and brought back a dozen. Which resulted in pink frosting
Jhudiel is frozen as Remiel steps past Anna and stops in the space between Jhudiel and Crowley. It's a protective stance and Anna feels her heart jump in her chest as memories of home and safe and
He doesn't know when the idiot slipped back through the wards and this bothers him. He can trace the pattern of energy that Barachiel left behind but he can't pinpoint the precise moment that he stepped off the roof and through the wards. He's already ranted and cried and had his say on the entire business of Anael and he'd gone back to guard the house once Remiel made it perfectly clear that surely Gabriel must no longer need him to guard outside the wards.
"I could not heal Robert either," Castiel says very softly in their tongue. His eyes flicker toward their host. Robert had done so much for Dean and Castiel hadn't been able to do just that one thing for him.
The baby makes a sort of grumbled accepting noise and leans back in Cas' arms returning the lion to his rightful place, her mouth. The microwave beeps and Sam pulls a bottle out of it while Cas sits down at the table.
He doesn't know how Sam got so close without him noticing. Sam's smiling and holding two bottles in one hand and a bowl in the other.
Castiel is as still as a statue for the space of three breaths, then he raises his hand and cups the back of Dean's neck. "I am afraid as well," he admits softly. "I cannot protect you,
Dean’s got his chin tucked on the top of Cas’ head when a little fat ball of something plops out of the sky and lands in Gabriel’s circle. Dean stiffens as Gabriel suddenly stands and turns, the circle of runes rippling around him before fading away as if it were never there.
"That ain't natural," Barachiel echoes his thoughts as Elle makes another pitiful noise and clutches at Castiel's shirt. Barachiel is rigid, staring at the smoke covered gate like an animal spotting prey. "Where's Remiel?" he breathes and Castiel frowns.
"Oi, I earned those," Barachiel snaps before turning to Castiel. "Have you taken her flying yet?" He grins, smoothing Elle's shadows affectionately.
“What?” Dean rolls his shoulder. “You found the little guy. I figure your brother has a nap and then you guys go on your merry way right?”
"Kali and I aren't getting along again and I didn't really want her to eat my eyes. I tried Odin but he pretty much told me to fuck off before I even got past the front gate. Everyone else either laughed, tried to kill me, or were drunk."
He’s out of bed in a scramble, wincing as he comes down a little too hard on his knee as his fingers scrabble at the side of the bed trying to find his cane. He knows he left it there and he’s gotta do something about it always falling down between the bed and the nightstand...
Crowley thinks about pushing himself up, but pain darts through him as he shifts. He's been healed but the body responds sluggishly and pain real or phantom echoes through the stolen flesh. "You moron," he growls at her. He should be furious at her; instead he's resigned, sad, afraid. Things demons shouldn't feel, but that's a lie. Demons feel all too much at times. They might be safe now but she'd placed herself in danger for him, she'd do it again. "You went right into his hands. I knew nothing."
"Barachiel circled the house a few times before he landed. Elle's been happy all morning," Cas reminds him.
Sam starts to chuckle at the same time that Luc snorts and huffs. “My mattress is ruined, but I got all the books out.”
They slip forward and Sam can hear the sound of wood splintering before, “Come on, sunshine. We just want to play with you.”
Gabriel doesn't look up, but he rolls his shoulders in a loose shrug. "Cas did, after you fell asleep."
Oh, yeah, no, Gabriel does not want front ring seats for this fight. Maybe if he wasn't holding the kid, but he remembers what Castiel's tantrums were like and he's not interrupting this kid's nap for anything. "Where's your brother?"
That's a normal trick of Barachiel's. He's trying to start a game, some sort of frantic play that will lead to whatever he wants it to lead to. Remiel has chased Barachiel enough in his lifetime to know that he won't be caught unless he wants to be and even then, never kept.
He floats in space, Earth a glittering blue gem in the distance, holding a still sniffling Castiel aloft by one of his wings.
Dean looks down at his papers all over the floor and Abe who is grinning up at him from where he’s got him tucked on his hip.
Castiel shakes his head, still frowning. But now it’s a slightly guilty looking frown, like he's just realized he's forgotten something important. It's the sort of frown he wore once when he'd misplace his little gold lion or his boat, "No, she did not. We have yet to have a chance to discern one for her."
Dean grins widely, his body language shifting just slightly, and Castiel feels such joy to finally see the unbridled pride in Dean's face over their fledgling.
"No! Wait, hold on. I though it was a river then, not a tree," Barachiel frowns from where he's sitting on the counter, his attention split with trying to sneak half cooked food away from Emily and eating something that might be mayonnaise out of a jar.
Sam's still standing there, pressed maybe closer than he should be against Gabriel's side, fingers curled around the crib railing, watching the baby, when Gabriel's hand settles next to his, just brushing the edge. That probably should freak him out, but it doesn't.
"What's wrong with Dean's hand?" Gabriel asks, looking over a cup of coffee that smelled more of sugar than anything else.
"Son, your father loved your mother. Never stopped loving her probably until the day he died, and I'd be willing to bet long after," Bobby tells him, and there a sharpness in his voice that surprises Dean. "And you boys were his life, don't you forget that."
Sam knows that Anna is still talking, elaborating, but he's stuck on the strawberries and the pancakes the day before. The bits of foil wrapped chocolate that Gabriel has been leaving on his books. Things that he hadn't even taken a second thought to consider. The gentle skating of runes being sketched around him and the calming sense of protection that they left behind.
Across the yard, Castiel sees Gabriel grin at the sight of him and Elle. She makes an excited sound, and waves her lion about. "Stars," she calls in delight. "Uncles!"
"Oi!" Barachiel sits up straight, glaring at Anna. "We aren't going to talk about that. You promised."
He's up in an instant, out the front door as Barachiel leaps off the roof. He'd been complaining that Anna had taken off and it was sudden and she didn't tell him anything and it had started to border on whining so Gabriel had sent him out to check the perimeter. As long as she hadn't shifted the wards when she left he wasn't exactly concerned. Anna was a big girl, she could take care of herself. But as he and Barach ran towards the sound of sobbing he wasn't so certain.
That was it, Gabriel thought, he was going to kill Barach. He doesn't know how long Remiel must have been waiting for that split second gap between the wards to slip through and if the bastard hadn't just been
Elle fusses softly against Dean's shoulder, her eyelids drooping and her lion tucked against her chest. He rocks her gently. He and Cas need to talk. They need to plan a way to keep her safe, even if it means separating if things get really bad. God, he'd say that magic word to Michael to keep her safe. To keep Cas safe.
"Yeah," Anna agrees. "We tried to find some allies among the demi-gods, but let's just say we were lucky not to be attacked on sight by some of them. Even some of Gabriel's "friends" wanted no part of it. As long as the world isn't destroyed they don't give a shit. They'll protect their followers but they won't help us fight."
“Yeah,” Dean says, because he does, and he’s got to quit trying to call it something less than it is.
A noise comes from what's left of the living room and standing there, with Barachiel and Remiel and Emily is... Lucifer.
"Talk?" She sits up blinking and confused, she's drunk. Pru always was a fan of Bacchus. "Gabriel, you never want to talk."
Dean turns his head and sits up slightly when he see's Cas. His cheeks go pink in a way that Castiel finds endearing. "Hey, Cas. Come to join playtime?"
Bobby's chair sounds loud and grating as it scrapes the floor as he gets to his feet. He casts a look at each of the brothers, shaking his head. "I think I'll check on what those idjits outside are doing," he snorts, "Never had this much trouble with my wards before all these
“It’s not going to be for long… Cas can stay with her if a hunt comes up and…” Dean trails off as he pulls grabby hands from the collar of his shirt and sits up.
He put his book down and Gabriel's hand stilled on the baby's back. "So, um..." He kept his voice low to not wake the baby and because it was strange, talking to Gabriel, asking him anything. "What's with the whole "fledgling" thing?"
Castiel is grateful for Dean's self edit. He doesn't wish to think what will happen to Barachiel if Remiel dies. They aren't mated but ...
A blur later Sam is standing behind Gabriel in Luc’s living room. The camp lantern that the kid uses to read is on it’s side and there are pages from a book everywhere. Sam pulls his knife out just as Gabriel flicks his wrist and is holding his sword.
So it was all about sitting, and standing too, he guessed. But Gabriel hadn't said anything. Of course maybe it wasn't about saying anything. That would actually explain
John Winchester looks like he always does, five o’ clock shadow and frown, “Shit son, took you long enough.”
Jhudiel turns his head just slightly. "Anael, how nice of you to join us. I do hope you'll forgive me, but I'm in the middle of something." She can see his mouth curl upwards slightly. "Do make yourself at home, won't you? If I'd know you were coming I would have made tea. So, just one moment... Unless... You'd like to?" He waves the knife around in his hand like a baton, ignoring the flecks of crimson that spattered onto the floor. "He's in quite a bit of misery you see, the charitable thing to do would be to put him out of it..."
The baby squeals and tugs on Cas again before going after his tie and jerking him forward. The look of surprise on Castiel’s face is priceless.
So Gabriel does whatever he wants, Dean does his fucking job, and Abe sleeps, eats, and gets into shit.
Sam looks out towards the yard, through one of the windows to see Gabriel standing, looking up at the moon, looking lost in thought. He makes a move towards the door only to be stopped by Anna's hand on his arm. She's set the beers down on one of Bobby's bookshelves.
Dean can’t help it. It’s really not what Cas says but how he says it that gets Dean laughing. He’s pretty sure Cas doesn’t know what sarcasm is yet but he sure as hell has the tone for it. He’s laughing so hard he doesn’t see Cas’ expression soften as he shifts Abdiel in his arms.
Gabriel is trying to not regret everything. He should have left the Winchesters alone. He shouldn't have even let his guard down long enough for them to trap him. He should have... should have learned his lesson. Then Castiel would have never come back to the warehouse, he would have never agreed to help his fledgling... Everything would have been just so much easier. He liked the easy way out, he was
Castiel forces him self away though, because Gabriel needs him and she's safe with Dean. He runs to the gate and Gabriel is pressing the woman into his arms through the wards before he rushes to Barachiel. She's bruised and smells faintly of sulfur but is otherwise whole. Castiel waits a moment before he turns back to the house, Gabriel and Barachiel are speaking low and frantically and he can't take the pain he hears in Barachiel's voice.
He turns as Gabriel leans in the kitchen doorway, a beer bottle dangling from his fingers. His expression is pained and Sam feels his chest tighten. Castiel had been a wreck when they'd brought Crowley in, and Anna... it had been like looking at a ghost, he'd never seen her so pale and lost. He'd spotted Barachiel outside yelling and tossing his hands up while pacing the fence with Remiel watching him, his arms tight across his chest. Asking Gabriel if he was okay is probably a dumb idea. Instead he takes a step forward and slides the empty beer bottle out of Gabriel's hand, brushing their fingers together. Gabriel sighs, something low and aching as Sam leaves the bottle on a bookshelf. He'll deal with it later, he's got something more important to deal with now.
Gabriel stops on the porch as Cas wiggles around in Dean’s arms to look at his brother. Gabriel is holding a sheaf of papers, some with wax seals on them and others with ribbon trailing off. Dean can make out that some have been typed and others have long spindly writing on them that he can barely make out. There’s a small array of feathers coming out of Gabriel’s pocket and perched on his shoulder is the tiniest owl Dean has ever seen.
She takes a sip from the flask by the door before she drags her blond hair back into a ponytail and puts her hands on her hips. “Well, where is he?”
“What are you doing?” Dean asks, because Cas is writing in Enochian. Long flowing script that’s forming a pattern Dean doesn’t recognize.
A week later, Sam wakes suddenly but he isn’t sure why. He rolls over onto his back in the nest and then sits up when he hears low voices out in the living room.
It takes a moment for it to dawn on Sam why. Wings. He's pressing his fingers, digging them in, where the base of Gabriel's wings would be. Sam flattens his hands and pulls Gabriel towards him. Gabriel lets himself be guided, pulled, into Sam's lap. He straddles Sam's legs, and nips at Sam's chin then his lips. The pinpricks of light in Gabriel's eyes have grown slightly.
The dude’s wearing jeans and a jacket and in an instant is hovering over trench coat speaking, fuck, Enochian.
Sam smiles again. "Thanks. Think I can get another story out of you tomorrow night?" Sam asks, sitting up fully now.
Twenty minutes later there’s a Starbucks cup on his desk that mainly seems to contain whipped cream.
. Naps that Gabriel has to wait through or risk him waking up in the middle of his business and Castiel is fiercely angry if he gets woken up before he’s finished.
"Had himself his own little... cult... orgy... whatever you want to call it. Drugged up to his eyeballs, fucking anything that moved, and drinking anything with an alcohol content." Dean blinks rapidly, and somehow saying it now, remembering it now, hurts more than seeing it. "And the idiot still loved me. Was still willing to die by my word."
Gabriel's grace brightens in a way only Castiel can see, but the way his eyes light up would be obvious for anyone that looked for it.
"Give her to me," Raphael sighs. "I have dealt with a fledgling before and she has an injury that needs tending."
There are a hundred answers he could give. A thousand reasons why Gabriel was just too sick to watch it time and time again. Too sick to watch the Morningstar scream obscenities, to see the stony unchanging face of Michael, to see Castiel, his Castiel again with sword and spear. But he’s broken and raw and those stupid humans have jammed their sticky fingers into everything he was trying to protect so all that comes out is,
The sides of Castiel's mouth curve downwards, and his eyes focus sharply on Gabriel, "That is an unfair assessment of Dean," Castiel protests earnestly.
Life goes on, Gabriel forgets, he learns, he becomes something else. Something new, something stronger, something vindictive, and then two stupid humans come along and it all finally breaks like a pane of glass.
He can hear Luc crying from down the hall. He bites his lip before he carefully makes his way to the bedroom. Gabriel is sitting in the middle of the nest with Luc in his arms. His wings are out, both golden pairs wrapped around Luc as he sniffs and says something unintelligible mid-sob that has Gabriel frowning.
"You didn't tell me it had gotten that bad. You told me..." Gabriel's voice is clipped and strained.
Dean looks up at the unfamiliar voice and blinks for a second at Remiel, who is sitting at the kitchen table, looking far too put together for someone that was bleeding in said kitchen twenty-four hours before. The girl, Emily, is awake and at the stove making bacon, listening and adjusting the too big flannel shirt she's got on. Barachiel seems to be in the middle of some story while Bobby sits at the head of the kitchen table and hides a smile behind his coffee cup.
Dean curls his fingers around the cold porcelain of the sink. Something had spooked Cas though. Spooked him enough that he called Gabriel -- which Dean still thought was a really shitty idea. Then again, Gabriel had seemed a little -- spooked -- as well. Dean frowns, and resists banging his head against something.
He can hear the baby whimpering and the jittery frightened breaths of the girl. He doesn't know why Anna left him down here with them. He should be by her side if anywhere, but she'd given him those moon eyes.
He can make out a silvery mark just between the baby’s wings along with other tiny sigils. But... his Enochian translating skills kind of suck.
One of Gabriel's hands spans Sam's hip, the other traces circles and runes into his throat. Sam shivers under his touch, and tips his head back to give Gabriel more of a canvas. "You have no idea what I want to do to you," his teeth skim just under Sam's jaw, fingers still painting his throat with sigils, runes and words that Sam can't catch.
Anna turns slightly and smiles at Sam. "Hi Sam," she says cheerfully, then glares at Gabriel. "Gabriel, did you send this reprobate to find me? Do none of you know how to call or use doors?"
The hours slide by as he lays there, staring at the green LED numbers of the alarm clock, watching as they count off the minutes and hours. He gives up around one and scrubs his hand over his face. Somehow he knows Gabriel is still out in the junkyard. Sam doesn't like it. Gabriel belongs curled up beside him and Sam wonders when he started thinking of Gabriel as his. When had his cautious like and affection, the careful dance of touches and bodies curled together to sleep but nothing more, turned into...
He doesn’t say anything, not that Dean can understand but as he walks by them Cas stands and pulls Dean to his feet. He follows them into the kitchen where Michael sits and Lucifer paces behind him. Bobby is standing to the side handing over books that Michael seems to be flipping through before putting them in a neat stack by the table.
. Angels are assholes and Dean doesn't trust any of them but Cas. Okay, maybe Gabriel a little, after he healed Bobby for no reason other than Cas
"Carefully," Castiel swallows. Dean is looking at him while Sam is looking at Gabriel and Bobby, quite pointedly, doesn't look at any of them.
"Not really, but I had to try," Gabriel sighs. "Look, Lucifer's gone. Something's happened. The problem is another angel, one called Zachariah, who's controlling most of the show now. I think... I think he might just pick up where Lucifer left off. He'll destroy everything. Humans, angels, Gods, all in the name of some prophecy that was written ages ago."
Dean stands up, still blinking, and crosses the short distance to Cas and the baby. "It's just the way babies are. Sammy was like that," Dean assures Castiel. Dean's hand brushes absently over the back of Castiel's neck before he holds his hands out for the baby. She quickly latches on to Dean, settling comfortable into the elder Winchesters' arms.
He could easily destroy her himself, but the order has yet to come from Michael. Elle's form shimmers then shifts, and he's left holding a human looking child. It's then he can see where she is hurt. There is a long scrape down one of her arms, still red and fresh. Raphael's jaw tightens. He knows who has done this. The fledgling might by all rights need to be destroyed but there was no reason to harm her. Michael would never order her to be given pain before her annihilation.
"I highly doubt that," he ventures, listening more to the shifting of the smoke than for footsteps or...
"Most likely," Barachiel frowns. "But these aren't recent. She's had them for a long time, since she was a kid, I'd reckon."
"--and don't you dare make me the bad guy here because I'm being realistic!" Dean yells, fists clenched at his side. "Stuff like this doesn't happen, not with out consequences. Not without people getting hurt. I'm trying to protect us here --"
“You guys can stay here if you want. I’ve got room and it will keep other Hunters from hassling you.”
"I dunno," Emily turns from the stove. "It totally sounds like Remiel is right. You can't tease him for getting beat up if you sunk Atlantis."
The whole damn kitchen is nodding like it's a job well done and Dean is standing by the stove wondering when the hell he turned invisible.
Behind him, Cas keens, his hips jerking forward. "Guttur...guttur illius suavissimum et totus desiderabilis talis," Cas half wails. The windows shiver as if pressed by wind.
"Kids are resilient," Dean tells him, brushing his fingers over the back of Cas' neck. Cas relaxes slightly under his touch.
A grin spreads across Gabriel's face, honest and true. He brushes his fingers against the back of Sam's neck, against the mark. "Yeah, forever sounds good."
Dean takes a long swallow of beer then grins. "I think they were drunk." He remembers coming down the stairs and hearing his dad laughing. That's what makes the memory stand out, Dean thinks, his dad laughing. "It just sorta stuck. Me and Sam used to do it with coke bottle caps when we were kids."
He snags what’s left of the coffee before he slides out the side door just in time to see his mate kick a bookshelf apart while cussing rather magnificently.
He almost flails off the couch, books hitting the floor in a tumble of flapping pages, but someone grabs him and holds him by the shoulders as he gasps and shakes. Sam's got his hands fisted in something soft and then there are hands in his hair, smoothing down his neck; over his back. He can't understand for a moment what they're saying but then he recognizes the soft chiming tongue that the angels use and sags forward as familiar sounds and scents finally return. He's back, he's home.
For a moment Castiel debates saying anything. It was Sam and Gabriel's right to inform the family of any intentions, but... "I believe our brothers have grown... close."
He scoots over, makes room for Cas to sit down and he knows Cas can feel everything he’s got going on in his head because he’s not hiding anything.
But he still raises his hands and let his dad slip the tiny thing into his arms. He’s warm and his wings flutter as Dean settles him. He knows why his dad brought him here. It’s a baby, he’ll need somewhere safe, with someone that... mostly knows what they’re doing. Plus, angel’s are sensitive, they pick up on emotion. Dean’s had experience with that from Sammy. God damn, he’s a giant pushover.
"I cannot," Castiel admits, hanging his head. "I lost the ability to heal anything but the most minor of injuries and even those take a great deal of energy."
"No one likes Zachariah," Gabriel growls, his wings flicking into the physical plane for a moment. "It shows she has good sense."
“And what?” Sam asks, a bit frustrated by Dean's attitude, even if he understood it, “Dean, what happens if she doesn’t just magically go away in another week or something?”
"Oculi eius sicut columbae super rivulos aquarum quae lacte sunt lotae et resident iuxta fluenta plenissima." Cas shifts against him and brushes his lips against Dean's closed eyelids. Dean opens his eyes to see Cas, eyes blown wide, a thin band of blue around pure black, pin pointed with pure light. A little bit of Cas, of the light Dean watched in the sky, bleeding through.
What? Why would he-? Sam starts to think that maybe Luc’s gotten the wrong idea from all the yelling.
Dean groans as Crowley and Bobby drop him in a heap in the laundry room. Anna is dragging the washer free and shoving it up against the door as Bobby shouts. "Emily and Sam are still out there!"
"Rem!" Barachiel is out the front door before Castiel can even react, his mouth open to shout as he watches his brother disappear into the cloud of smoke.
"I'll always take a kiss from you, baby girl," Dean tells her. Castiel can hear the slight hiccup in Dean's voice, and wonders if Dean is feeling the same terrifying joy he had the first time Elle named him. He's so good with her, just like he must have been his brother.
It's... comforting in a way it probably shouldn't be. And Sam finds himself wishing that Gabriel was sitting near him like they had on the couch. Which is silly and stupid and not the thing he should be thinking about after what happened with Dean. He knew Dean would be angry. He knew this last lie might be what broke the camels back, but he'd thought...
"Can you teleport out of here, Cas?" He breathes, watching what looks to be a storm gathering on the horizon.
Dean gestures with his fork in a fashion that means nothing to Castiel. "Ha-Ha. Sam needs to watch his girlish figure anyways."
"Ha-ha," Dean says, rolling his eyes. "I'm going back to bed, something tells me I'm going need to rest."
That seems to make it okay then. Castiel totters over, crawls over Gabriel’s prone form, and sits himself in front of Anael. He lets himself be inspected, his wings looked at and his shadows smoothed down; Gabriel is just pleased that he’s letting another being beside him and their Father
“I thought he would die if we didn’t find Abdiel.” Gabriel sighs and for the first time Dean sees just how hard he’s been working to hold everything together.
"Look, don't give me that look," Gabriel growls. "This isn't some historical romance movie on Lifetime. Just don't die. I will be fucking pissed, you hear me?"
Barachiel and Remiel are trying to scout before they're overwhelmed. He sent Dean down to the panic room with Emily and Elle. Bobby is very quickly undoing the lock on his weapons cache and handing things to Sam.
“Never.” Sam breathes and the smell of rotting flesh is strong. An angel forced into a long dead vessel.
"You can choose where he sits next," Barachiel grins. "Now he's sittin' to the left of you, which means you haven't quite given him the time 'o day yet. But you haven't told him to bugger off either. He also sits there as a warning, if any others come sniffing around he makes sure they know he's got first crack at you."
a human, and my parents gave me a perfectly good name. I'm now Anna," she tells him, crossing her arms over her chest. "I think Father would understand."
It's not until they pull up at Bobby's in the early morning hours does it dawn on Dean that they failed to inform Bobby they were coming. They'd driven straight through the night only stopping for gas, coffee, and to wrap his hand. Cas had made distressed noises over it, and tried healing it several times before Dean told him to stop, which just made the guilty, distraught look Cas wore even worse.
Castiel watches Dean smile and reach down to pull her onto his chest, sliding down the bed again, ignoring her sleepy grumbles and smoothing his hand over her head until she settles.
"Good point, I'll..." Gabriel roll his eyes and is in the process of turning towards the kitchen door when Remiel jerks in Barachiel's grip.
Castiel blinks but eventually nods, and to Dean’s surprise says something, “That is the most general description.”
He can hear Bobby’s smile over the phone, “Anyway, since I’m sure your dad left you jack and squat to do with supplies for him, I’m sending Jo out with a care package and some extra groceries. She should show up sometime soon.”
"Really?" There's curiosity in his voice, and just enough pride that Sam has to try and not start blushing again.
Cas shakes his head. "I do not think that will be a issue, Dean. Bobby adjusted the gate wards for me the last time we visited his home," Cas reminds Dean. But you can't fault Dean for not remembering, a lot of shit happened right after that. Stuff Dean doesn't want to think about. "As she is -- a product of us both any ward keyed for us should allow her as well."
She isn't hungry, can’t be wet, she has her toy, Dean was holding her, then they tried to give her to Cas but that didn’t work. Sam even tried holding her. Now Dean had her again and Sam is seriously waiting for his brother’s ears to start bleeding.
Dean complains, because Dean is Dean and he’d heard the stories about what a horrible ill adjusted kid Luc was.
"Aw, you're not going to get all thoughtful on me again? You were like that after all the wars. Had to get you pissed to shut you up." Barachiel stands back and sighs.
“You dislike people leaving more than you dislike fighting.”  Gabriel says with that head tilt that Cas is fond of and Dean wonders if angels in the same flock pick up each other’s habits like married couples do.
“You mean half of a new brother.” The Morningstar stands and frowns and then pokes Castiel who immediately goes still, “maybe a fourth. Why is he so small?”
"Yes," Dean counters. "If things get bad, we've got to have a plan to protect her. Even if it means separating. Even if it means me saying..." he trails off.
There's a pause behind him, but Dean's still more asleep then awake so the moments slide together and then Cas is kissing him. The angle is awkward, but it's almost more of a nuzzle then a kiss. Dean doesn't mind. He's warm and content. He doesn't have to think about anything but Cas. Dean tries to roll over but Cas cups a hand over Dean's hip holding him in place.
Elle makes a soft noise, and stops trying for Dean's hand in favor of patting Castiel's face. "Ol Gaha Ol," she says. He's not sure if she understands his distress, but feels grateful his daughter does not blame him for not being able to heal her other father.
He thinks the look Cas gives him as he passes Abe over is the closest thing to a smile the angel knows how to do.
Gabriel rolls his eyes. "Castiel would have thrown such a fit if someone had even touched his lion. It was his favorite toy. Of
Then Sam nods, shifting the baby in his arms. "You could call her Elle for short. She looks like an Elle."
Eventually there are blue eyes again and Dean smiles as he runs his hand over fluffy wings and tweaks little toes and cheeks.
“Oh man,” Dean is laughing and stepping forward to try and pry her off while Sam rolls his eyes and covers his grin.
to know, because there's one of Lucifer's lieutenants in Bobby's yard, and he's going to pretend that Sam's worried about what's going to be done to make him say yes and not for any other reason. He wraps his fingers around Cas' wrist as it's the only skin he can reach. Dean thinks about the Colt and wonders if it would take down a fallen angel like it wouldn't Lucifer.
Barachiel is screaming like a barmy drunk now but at least Michael has looked up, he's listening. Even if he's shaking his head and furiously trying to return to his papers. "I never... Castiel?"
Castiel whimpers when he shouts and Gabriel is having quite enough of the strange glass twisting thing his form does every time that happens.
"This is different!" Gabriel hissed, starting to seriously consider kicking Barachiel out now. Before this became a thing.
Gabriel chuckles and presses the strawberry to Sam's lips. Sam's hands stop, his breath shudders out, suddenly shaky. He can smell the strawberry, taste it barely on his lips. Sams tongue darts out without conscious thought.
The house is quiet as Sam leaves his room rubbing sleep out of his eyes. He doesn't remember going to sleep or even going up to his room, but he remembers watching the stars, the cool metal of a junked car under his back, and Gabriel's voice steady and low as he told Sam ancient stories about the constellations. Dean's door is still shut, and Sam doesn't linger outside it. If Cas and Dean are asleep or not, well they deserve to have some early morning hours of peace.
Gabriel grins at him, "Aren't I supposed to be telling you that? You're the one with the lousy track record."
Cas' hand finally leaves his hip, gliding across Dean's stomach and chest, before palming Dean's cock. Dean arches into the touch, any breath he had to tell Cas to knock off the damn latin lost in a low, long sound of pleasure. Between his hand around Dean's cock and his fingers inside Dean, Cas sets a rhythm that sends pleasure shivering through Dean's veins in a way that Dean could bask in for hours.
Barachiel glares at her. "Don't see how it's my fault you've gotten all tangled up with a demon that couldn't even come up with an original name."
Remiel wants to tell him that he doesn't want to play anything anymore. He just wants. He lets Barachiel walk away grumbling as he makes his way through the wards and into the house. Remiel can sense him in the kitchen, sulking and probably eating all of the humans food. Safe.
Sam goes through the gate first, and Dean follows. He knows Castiel is behind him, the baby's sleeping form held against his chest. Dean wonders if she warm enough in the crisp fall morning air.
Cas gives him this brilliant long suffering look, “I... The library needs shelving and while Gabriel is adept at navigating human offices... I’m not sure he’ll... Constrain himself to the task at hand.”
Castiel looks torn for a moment before he says, "She's a baby," there's a note to his voice, as if challenging Gabriel to deny it or dare say that what he's holding is something else.
He’s greeted with a chorus of ‘yes!’ followed by Gabriel and Luc scrambling to find their jackets. If all it takes for them to get along is a lemon pound cake he might have a chance.
Then it his Sam. Luc’s never communed before. He’s never had anyone... The one solid way an angelic flock communicates and he’s never... Sam swallows down the grief, the anger and he smiles.
Gabriel's kiss is gentle. "Sam," he sighs into Sam's mouth. "Next time, in a bed where I can spread you out. Take my time."
"You got there, brother," Barachiel says in their own tongue. "And he can fuck right off, thinking he has the right to judge Castiel's fledgling. Jumped up little wanker. What does he think he's playin' at?"
Elle shrieks once as the windows vibrate with an inhuman scream. She buries her face into Castiel's shirt and clings to him.
Gabriel snaps his fingers and offers his new acquired bowl of popcorn to Sam. It gets him a raised eyebrow, but Sam takes some. And yeah this is going to be good. Gabriel had forgotten how much fun Barachiel and Anael arguing could be.
Slowly Anna tilts her head from side to side. "Power mostly. He's willing to think of you as an equal..."
He resists the urge to rub his temples because really, it won't help. "I'll go out with Castiel. Barachiel start working on shoring up the wards on the house itself. Bobby, would you help him? It's your home and you know your existing wards best. Someone take Elle down to the panic room," he pauses and focuses on Sam. "I'd tell you to go down there but I don't think you
Dean looks towards the motel room door and scowls. He thinks about going out there and demanding answers, but with his luck, Cas and Gabriel have gone to Mars or someplace to talk.
-- to breathe. He's really glad the angel is on the other side of the wards and that Gabriel seems to like him better than he had.
“How I feel about this kid or the ones were gonna have later?” Sam watches Gabriel’s eyes widen and he grins, obviously Gabriel hadn’t thought that far into the future. But Sam had and the idea that’s forming in his head now is something wonderful. Maybe he was a Hunter. Maybe he killed things and knew way too much Latin. But he had a family that loved him.
Dean's head whips around towards him. "You know her? Dude, she just took out..." he paused. "She was possessed."
But that was last month. Now he’s apparently a foster dad to a baby angel as well as operator of a halfway house for the things.
drawing one of his blades into this plane. He hands it to Sam ignoring the looks from his brothers and sister. "Take this and guard the door."
That same ear splitting, shrieking wail from the motel and Sam is sitting up in alarm as Gabriel scrambles to his feet. Cas pulls Elle out of her chair as Remiel practically spins out of his because something... There's something clouding up the sky, darkening the windows, Barachiel jumps off the counter as Emily takes a step back. There's a sharp sound from the direction of the panic room, like Anna yelling. Bobby is shouting at him and he's halfway across the kitchen towards Cas and Elle when the entire house starts shaking.
When he comes back to himself, he's still lying on Gabriel. He feels... wrecked, drained, but it's good and he's smiling before he opens his eyes. The rain is a soft pitter-patter on the metal roof now. Gabriel's fingers are in his hair, tracing patterns across his back. He tenses slightly when he realizes Sam's awake.
Dean lays on the bed with the baby on his chest and tries to not think about hamburgers. He tries to remember what he knows about angels. He remembers the pictures of angels in Bobby’s books, their wings spread wide with trailing tattoos down their spine.
"Barachiel!" Anna hisses as she comes storming up to the porch and Sam tries not to start grinning at the pair of them. They're almost worse than him and Dean.
Castiel catches the pendant, wraps his hand around it, something protective flares in him at her declaration that it was
Dean lifts his head to press a kiss to Castiel's forehead. "Can we start this over?" Dean asks carefully.
Now is the warmth of blankets, the stillness broken only by gasping breaths and whispered words, the knowledge that this isn't a stolen moment... It's earned. Cas' burning hot skin presses against the length of Dean, his cock hard and leaking against the small of Dean's back.
, I did notice how that word wasn't brought up at all, and that boy is absolutely loyal. If those Winchesters were to fulfill that prophecy your fledgling sure has gone and mucked it all up."
"Well, first we find out what they want," He starts as Dean comes thumping up the stairs with Anna behind him at the same time that Barachiel comes in the front door. "And then we don't let them have it."
Dean lets out a breath and stares at the ceiling. He can hear Gabriel in the kitchen having another go at the coffee maker. Abe is sprawled out on his chest in that totally limp way that only babies can manage.
"Michael? The Archangel Michael? Who's supposed to burn out my brother and leave him a empty shell. That Michael?" Sam asks quietly. He keeps his eyes on Gabriel's fingers... it's calming.
Barachiel is grinning and he's about to say something when Elle whimpers, then makes a sharp wailing sound.
Gabriel flies low but swiftly, he knows he shouldn’t be passing time since his Father called him, but he likes to watch the rippling changes of the Earth as he moves over it.  He hears laughter first and grins, his Father doesn’t usually have guests and his brothers are always so serious that it’s a refreshing surprise. Then he stops.
The moment of triumph is short lived. In the space of a second he knows that Amon is behind him, feels the air move above him, he scrambles making a last ditch effort to turn away, to
"Faff? Seriously?" Gabriel stepped off the porch and crossed the yard. "You've been on Earth too long, Barach."
It’s Sam and he tosses it on the counter to let it go to voicemail but after the third ring he frowns. After the fourth ring he reaches out and hits the answer button at the same time he hits the speaker phone.
"She will not cease in crying," Mendel says in distress. There's such pain, heartbreak in the other angel's eyes. A healer forbidden to heal a charge he's been given. "Lord Zachariah bade me to keep her quiet after he brought her from Lucifer's vessel..."
"Naughty Gabriel, leaving fingerprints on things that don't belong to him," the angel breathes into his ear.
He’s not really surprised when his phone goes off. At least he can drag that back under the covers with him. There’s a long silence after his half a hello and then a sigh, “Sam?”
Gabriel scowls. "Castiel did what?" he demands sharply. Another thing Castiel as been keeping from him?
"I don't pout," Sam grumbles, sitting the book aside. He climbs off the couch, stretching as he does... and Gabriel always forgets how
“Him?” Dean asks because all the adrenaline from ‘holy shit there’s a guy in my house‘ is starting to taper off and he kind of wants to sit on the floor himself.
He crosses the room and as he looks down at the pair of them his smile fades. His face became something sharp and furious. Anger that Dean hasn't even seen in the devil coming off him in waves.
Anna spares him the briefest of glares. "Crowley." It's all she gives him before she launches herself skyward.
Castiel's stomach drops when he realizes they're trying to take them out of the house. They're trying to
When they both have stopped shaking and sniveling and generally acting like silly things, Castiel looks up at Gabriel and sighs,
“But you can trick him,” Gabriel adds. “I just need enough time. Me and the Pagans should be able to keep him distracted long enough for someone to break the hold that Zachariah has over him. He shouldn’t care much for the fight after that.”
The footsteps that follow echo in the room, a sharp final sort of noise. Jhudiel cups his head again. "It would seem Mr. Crowley that you have reached the end of your serviceability. Don't worry, we'll be sure to send you on your way."
Elle whimpers in Dean's arms as Castiel's eyes drop, finally breaking his stare. Barachiel squeezes his eyes shut because that was a shit thing to do and he... Shit.
He doesn't want to think about what that means as he pulls his hand back. "I never thought I'd be a uncle," he says quietly.
He's almost out of the room when he hears Barachiel laugh and say, "Of course she would like the bloody lion, was always your favorite as well. Never saw why."
Shit, Sam, he's a step from going up the stairs when he hears the sounds of fighting coming from downstairs. No.
"Didn't know I was supposed to. Must have missed that bit," Barachiel fidgets as Michael lays the book aside and stands, coming to inspect his brother. Barachiel takes a step back without thinking about it.
Sam frowned as he shuffled through the bags, before looking at Dean, "Did you like, steal someone's food, because this is a lot more than..."
"You want to start at the beginning maybe?" Robert shoots him a stern look as Barachiel glances at Remiel, curled in on himself by the couch. He'd thought that demon had been fucking with Rem, he'd hoped, because demons lied. That's what they did. He didn't think that the truth could be so much worse.
Gabriel knows that it's the 'please' that does it, a tiny almost imperceptible smile flickers at the edges of Remiel's lips.
He smiles slightly into Gabriel's hair. "Does trapping you in a circle of holy fire count as courting?"
"Yeah, you don't need to give him the whole list, Cas. Baby stuff. It can't have changed all that too much since Sammy was this little," Dean says with a shrug,
"I'm not afraid of him hurting her, Sam," Gabriel says voice low as if he thought someone besides Sam and Elle were listening. "Morningstar... Lucifer resented Father giving Castiel to me. He thought that he and Michael should have been given the fledgling. He was always spiriting Castiel off."
Sam is scrambling backwards, up the stairs, there’s nowhere else to go. He can hear Dean yelling and… There’s too many. If there’s this many in the house already, how the hell many are there outside? Gabriel’s blade cuts through them like butter but it seems like for every angel he takes down there are two in its place.
Maybe he’s a little bit out of it because the next thing he knows he’s being manhandled, okay, gently turned around to face a worried looking Cas.
He quickly shakes the idea away, and fully enters the room closing the door behind him. Cas doesn't look up. He isn't entirely sure what happened between Cas and Barach downstairs. Sometimes he hates the way they talk in angel, like he isn't there. But he knows that sometimes Cas doesn't want to bring up angel business around him. That maybe he might have valid reasons for it. Whatever Barachiel hissed had sounded like bad blood and old wounds no matter what language they were speaking, and Dean really isn't sure if he's up for being in the middle of all that just yet.
The words are rushed, and Gabriel shoves down the instinctive fear he's felt since the first day Castiel was old enough to
"You're telling me that, Michael, the Archangel who's supposed to use me as a condom doesn't know that!?"
started showing up," Bobby slaps Sam on the shoulder and squeezes it as he passes by on his way out, closing the door behind him. Dean almost resents it.
Lucifer and Michael are still in the kitchen, bickering about something. Lucifer is alway angry, hissing and Michael talks to him with a hell of a lot more patience than Dean’s ever had. He’s been eying them all morning. Lucifer’s vessel is whole again, healed up and there’s color in his cheeks. He looks well, normal, like he could be a real person instead of something rotten inside someone else.
Dean rubs Abe’s head as he sprawls on the couch with the TV casting weird shadows all over the living room. Dean knows that there are only a handful of angels on Earth now, give or take. He remembers his mom telling him the histories; when angels walked the Earth, giving aid and protection to whoever needed it.
Gabriel winces as Sam's head snaps up to look at a raven that is perched in one of the shattered side windows of the van and making decidedly un-birdlike noises, like the wolf whistle she makes after she tilts her head and looks Sam up and down.
. But he can't stand here and watch an Archangel near her, not when he's still coming to grips with Elle and everything she means, and that she's here to stay.
"Wait, wait," Sam tugs on his hair as he tries to lick a stripe down those abs. "You can't bring up something important, like you have kids, and then try and cover it up with sex."
Fingers tighten in Sam's hair and jerk his head back. "I think you'll find that you'll be begging to say yes when I’m done with you." He leaves a bloody hand print sticky and wet across Sam's neck. A mockery.
“What’s a myth?” Jo asks as Dean takes the baby from her to cradle him and rub in between his wings.
"I knew it!" Anna smacks Barachiel across the shoulder before Sam can even process the question. "I told you not to ask anything! This isn't any of our business!"
Emily shakes her head and make a noise in the back of her throat and Dean is instantly reminded of his mother. That noise ended arguments, no questions. He wonders if it was a woman thing, except Cas can make that noise too. Barachiel falls silent as Remiel preens and Emily turns to scrape some bacon onto a plate, smack Barach's hands away from it, and then places it in front of Bobby.
The angel is quiet. Way too quiet. Finally Dean turns, leaning against the kitchen counter and crosses his arms.
"Gone?" Gabriel asks, frowning, Castiel can almost see him thinking, the half dozen expressions that cross his face. "Gone where?"
"Gabriel left heaven because he thought I didn't need him anymore," Cas interrupts. It's a painful truth to admit but Castiel is so tired of Dean being angry at the barest handful of allies that he has garnered. He's tired of watching and waiting and worrying. He's tired of that uncertain look that passes between himself and Gabriel, as if they are never sure that they can be what they once were. The same look that Sam wears when Dean starts yelling, when he starts giving into fear.
Finally he hears the front door slam and the house falls silent. Abe stares up at him with wide eyes and Dean shakes his head. “I don’t know either, man.”
Sam lays on the floor panting and wonders why he’s not getting torn apart. He lifts his head and swallows. The angels are crowded in the doorway, blank eyes and fury twisted faces.
Gabriel ought to know, he was the one Father sent to seed war and destruction among them. But none of them were like this child.
He leaves Bobby and Emily in the kitchen and heads out into the darkened yard. He doesn't see Gabriel anywhere but after a bit of straining to see in the dark, he catches sight of light coming from an old VW van. It's seats are sitting beside it and Sam figures that's a pretty clear sign that Gabriel's in there.
That makes Dean still and swallow. He knew that the Lucifer kid was an orphan, his Marks all faded but... This meant Abdiel had a family somewhere. But why hadn’t they come for him?
“Excellent,” Dean grins and Castiel has the sense to look worried. “Cause I’ve got a library but I’ve haven’t been really able to organize it since Abe showed up and I figure if you’re not too busy it would really be doing me a favor.”
“It was a gift to me from some time ago,” is all that Castiel says as the baby quite busily starts to chew on its head.
Dean pops the lid off the bottle on the edge of the counter, and flings the beer cap behind the fridge.
"I think you're quite aware of the myriad of reasons to not bring some helpless mewling thing into existence at this time. Which is why I'm so surprised, Sam." Lucifer hands are folded behind his back and he shakes his head at Sam like a disappointed preacher. And that comparison is a little sick.
The words seem to stick in the small room, fading but not disappearing completely as Dean sighs and closes his eyes. "Yeah, I get that," Dean says softly. "And he left heaven because you didn't need him?"
The goddess frowns and drags herself to her knees, "Oh, don't say such a terrible thing like that! Of course it is! Back in my day, people would pray all the time for children! Little gifts from God..." She staggers to her feet and grins, "Gifts from your father, that's what they called them."
She laughs again, and rolls her shoulders like she's flapping her wings. "I can't do a lot, can't hide anyone. It's not like the old days. If the shit hits the fan I can barely hide myself and Seagull."
The truth burns his throat and he curls away from Castiel, hiding his face against the floor, and jamming his hands into his pockets. He hears the barest of noises and lets out a breath when Castiel wraps his arms around him, pulling him from the rough and wet and just holding him, just letting him
Luc is asleep and Gabriel looks tired. His sleeve is torn and there’s a smudge of something across his temple.
He hears Barachiel sigh, feels Barachiel's fingers curl just briefly around his skull before they slip away. "Fine, if that's how you wanna play it."
"Hmmm? Oh well, all the love and admiration floating around, you get enough of it you know and you can transmute it into anything," She rolls over and Gabriel steps back to protect his shoes. He's not sure he likes that look on her face, "It's what I always did for the sodomites. It's how I can tell if they're
"Are you ready for me?" Cas asks in his ear. He always asks. Even when it's rough, even when Dean doesn't want him to ask.
Anna smiles and shakes her head. "You can see it because Gabriel trusts you and you can hold it because you trust him."
He is fully aware that he's grinning like an idiot, like the girl he'd been staring at all year just said she'd go to prom with him. Only, Gabriel isn't a girl and high school really wasn't his thing. So, he guesses, it's like an archangel looking up at him like he's
“Deal?” Gabriel has been to a hardware store with who knows what money, and is out on the porch attempting something he read on the internet. Dean thinks it’s best to not ask questions.
Castiel is shaking; he’s trembling in fear for his humans and for all humans. He’s scared for the birds, the fish, and his brothers. He’s scared for himself and for Father and for Gabriel.
Sam's lying on his bed, and the baby is on her stomach beside him. She's tucked up in a baby blanket and wearing a white onesie that Sam bought at a thrift store near the Walmart. They're at the last of their money now.
He can't see and he gets shoved forward into the kitchen before he feels a hand like steel wrap around his knee. He gets dragged back about a foot and then feels the crack before pain tears up his leg and makes him choke. Shit. He squeezes his eyes closed and tries to breathe, because if he blacks out, it's over.
"I won't let him," Gabriel says almost too softly to hear. "Michael wouldn't...he wouldn't now...he..."
"Of course she is," Gabriel snorts, his tone implying that it was impossible for Elle to be anything but beautiful. But there's a sadness to his voice Castiel doesn't understand.
Barachiel is shaking his head, eyes fixed on the horizon. "You don't do that. Castiel's the youngest; you don't do a thing like that to the youngest."
"It's probably barbed, you're gonna have to..." Barachiel whimpers like Elle when Gabriel trails off but they shift him and Castiel opens his eyes, tries to not see the stricken looks on his family's faces as Barachiel pushes the blade through Remiel's shoulder until he can pull it through the other side.
The van is silent for a long moment as they hold onto each other in the barest of ways. Then Sam shifts again; wraps an arm around Gabriel and pulls him closer. He's almost surprised when Gabriel goes willingly. But it's nothing like the surprise he still feels that an archangel would want someone so tainted. "We might not have another chance."
A shiver runs up Gabriel's spine, and for a moment he can picture nothing else but Sam spread out under him, naked, and willing. He drains his beer quicker than any human could before he breaks out into a grin, it was about time Sam learned to give as good as he got. "I bet you are."
"Um," Barachiel frowns until he feels the barest edges of magic, there on her back. "Can you help me lift her? Somethin's not on the level and I'd like to look before she comes to and smacks me."
Dean sees it when Michael looks up, the same hollow regret he saw in the mirror every day. Before Cas. Before Elle... Dean looks up at Lucifer, the Devil, talking with Remiel and standing half in and half out of the front door like he’s trying to not bolt.
with a demon, and he is going to get to the bottom of that later, he admires her bravery for going. She couldn't have counted on Jhudiel. These are the decisions he doesn't want, because he doesn't want to choose between hurting sister and the
"Bobby's going to have to let Cas through the wards," Sam says softly, as if not to wake the sleeping baby.
Dean reaches a hand back to thread his fingers in Cas' hair. He doesn't have to tug because the minute he lifts his head and tilts it back, Cas' mouth is over his. Cas' lips are dry against Dean's, his mouth wet and too hot to be human. The kiss is messy and perfect, and Dean thinks he could do this for days.
"Indirectly, it was your neglect that sank the city. If you'd listened to Gabriel and done the mission you were given
"You will not cross the wards again," it's a mixture of a statement and a question, something hesitant and Gabriel swallows, tensing for a moment.
"Cas," Dean groans in hushed tones. He arches and rolls his hips backwards against Cas. Cas who's gloriously naked behind him, pressing those acres of warm smooth skin against Dean's scarred body.
Dean puts Elle in Cas' arms. Elle wraps her fingers around Castiel tie, holding her lion with the other. She babbles a mix between his language and English that really isn't understandable. "Thank you," Castiel says, but Dean shrugs him off.
"I am healed," he hisses and attempts to sit up, but his damn body won't listen to him. Winchesters, had to be the damn stupid Winchesters.
"Angels don't knock, Anael," Barach points out, yanking his hat off and running his fingers through his hair.
Dean's not, though. It would have been easier if she'd disappeared after the first night like he thought, but he's not getting attached. Sure, she has Cas' (Jimmy's) eyes, and is soft and warm, and cuddly, and curls into his chest trustingly like Sam did all those years ago (though she's older than Sam was and Dean's quietly grateful for that). Sure, what he saw of her other -- angel -- form made something in his chest tighten. And the way Cas looks at her -- eyes soft, adoring, like he's holding the most unique thing ever known in all creation --
