"He told you about his brother?"
"But if I'm acting as an art student, what are you going to do then?"
When Sherlock had walked towards him in the pub, he had looked like himself, and not like Gerald. Not a bit, even. If he didn't know any better, he would have sworn it was Sherlock who reacted like that, not Gerald. He had looked really furious. What was that about?
"Time for a break, class. Please, you can get coffee and tea in the cafeteria down the hall to warm yourself up. We will continue in twenty minutes."
It was what it was.
John smiled.
John said. His fingers had found those nipples and he pinched them between his finger and thumb. Sherlock moaned.
"They won't let me out of bed."
Silence. Did that mean that Sherlock finally slept? He listened intensely for any sounds coming from downstairs. Nothing. It was about time. That man drove himself to far sometimes. They had another art class to attend tonight, and it was for the best as the model wasn't going to fall asleep while the students were observing him. Tonight they would start a new pose. Sherlock already had contact with Esmeralda, (really getting too much in character there) and it was going to be a back study. As if his heart hadn't suffered enough already. He had seen Sherlock's back before, of course. He even stitched it up on one occasion. It was just as beautiful as the front of the man. John clenched his fists in his blanket.
"Just text me the details. I'll come back at you when I'm finished collecting data. Goodbye brother." Sherlock pushed the button of his phone with one hand and grinned at John.
"You're not going to shoot yourself."
Ava smiled.
Sherlock smiled.
"This is heaven." She said, her eyes closed.
They had stood in front of the window together for almost ten minutes. Sherlock's body had began to tremble, and John had manhandled him back to bed. He was sitting in his chair, their fingers entwined. John seemed to have expected that question.
"I can imagine that. Thinking you're really dead does that to people."
"Are you all right?"
"Why are you sulking? Please, don't do that on my last night. I would like to enjoy this."
Sherlock had gone in and out of consciousness for more times he could remember. Sometimes he couldn't even tell if he was awake or not. The fever and concussion were still messing with his mind and his transport wasn't listening to him anymore. It shivered and shook uncontrollably at its own will, he had vomited and he even found out that his bladder had emptied himself while he was out. He could smell the urine mixed with the copper smell of blood. Another thing that wasn't good. Not that it mattered anymore.
"Sherlock, please." Mycroft pleaded.
"Hmmm.. I shaved myself too."
He saw Sherlock's eyelids flutter, and he managed to get his eyes open a bit.
John pulled a paper sack from his bag and gave it to Sherlock. He took it and opened it."
"Like in a sleep like state?"
"Impossible. Have you seen you? I'll hurt you."
How long had he been here? Hours? It felt like hours. He had no idea how long he had been unconscious. He tried to make a time scheme. The moment he had been taken into the car at Bearstreet. That had been around eight o'clock. The ride towards the man's house was less then ten minutes. He knew the address, of course. Bringing him in and get him undressed and bound would have taken at least another ten to fifteen minutes. He didn't know how long it had taken for him to wake up from the drugs that was injected in his neck. Let's say, another ten. So, thirty to forty minutes since the injection. Another thirty or forty minutes before he passed out the first time. No way of knowing how long he had been gone. Long enough for the man to torture his body further. So lets go with twenty minutes. second beating lasted for about twenty five minutes before he passed out. He had been out longer this time. Long enough for the man to finish his first painting, lower Sherlock down and untie him, torture him a bit more, and to lay him out into a new pose. So, probably thirty to thirty five minutes. The last one was a long one, about forty or forty five minutes before he passed out again. He had no idea how long he had been out. This wasn't good for his brain. He should try and keep conscious now.
He heard Marc say.
"Me neither. But it has been close. It would have killed him, eventually."
"Yòur bedroom?"
John looked a bit sad at that.
John's smile got wider and he shook his head. At least three of butterflies in his stomach went completely bonkers.
Today is the day.
"Sherlock." He stated.
"John! It sounds interesting! "
When the pause was over and they got back into the classroom, John walked next to Sherlock. Happy to know that he was allowed to stare at that man for at least more two hours without being questioned.
"Yeah. I know. Worked in a hospital, remember?"
When he finished his raster a few minutes later he looked up to the model in front of him.
John smiled and nodded, standing up from behind his desk to walk towards the door and into the hallway. Sherlock watched him go. When he was out of sight he stood up himself and went into the small room where his clothes were, and he pulled a jumper out of the plastic bag he brought with him. It was one of John's. It was too big for him, so he never wore it, but it fitted Sherlock as if he had bought it himself. It was hideous, of course, but it matched the cover he had made up for himself. And besides, he was freezing, so the jumper was preferable above his normal suit jacket at the moment. He pulled the jumper over his head, ruffling his hair when it was on, and he stepped outside the room intending to go towards the cafeteria to mingle with the rest of the group. To his surprise, Esmeralda was still in the classroom, standing behind John's desk, looking at his work. Her head went up when she heard Sherlock stepping in.
"Yeah, he told me that."
John's voice had gone soft, just a bit more than a whisper. And Sherlock could see him getting pink again. His heart stuttered at the sight and for a moment he was lost for words.
It was just a matter of speech. A way to show how thankful John was. Nothing more.
"Any homeless network people working near Charing Cross Road?"
"You like her." He smirked.
"Know where she is?"
I love you, John. With all my heart. I love you more than life itself.
John shook his head, and lowered his voice to a normal speaking tone again.
Sherlock needed to clear his mind. To get the picture of his room mate out of his head so he could focus back on the case. He stood up and went for his violin, picking it up and putting it under his chin. The soft sounds filled the room and his head, pressing almost every thought about John aside.
"There has been an experimental study going on, but there has been some... misfortunes." Mycroft said.
"I told you they didn't do a proper job. And it itched."
"The part where I said I was sorry I meant."
"There you go again." Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"Let's go to the hostel so you can sleep in a real bed."
"Can't wait to find out."
Before Sherlock could answer, she had disconnected.
Left Shoulder: Swelling, Intense pain, Inability to move joint, tingling neck, spasm in muscles due to disruption, increasing pain; Dislocated shoulder.
I hope you will all enjoy this chapter, too. I love kudos and comments.
"Fine."
"O god..." Mycroft muttered.
"That's better. Thanks, David. I'll return it to you next Thursday, if that's fine by you?"
"Twelve days."
"Ru knows. Ru!" Bradley yelled at the group. One man looked up.
"Sherlock! Stop it. You're voice and that vocabulary is an illegal combination."
"Yes. The transport needed a break."
"It's still the same."
But she kept fighting, her mouth opening and closing as if she tried to bite at the woman in front of her, but after two minutes, the movements became weaker.
John rolled his eyes.
If that's what it took to be in his beloved London, with the love of his life next to him, he just had to endure that.
"Quick. Get him on the stretcher. The morphine will keep him down." They covered Sherlock's body with an emergency blanket and pulled the stretcher down next to him.
"Yes."
Even though John was in a hurry, he knew he needed her help to find him. He was curious about the woman's story and maybe she did have some information for him.
"Of course. There is nowhere that I would rather be right now."
Well, to be honest, he wasn't thinking at all. Seeing David hit on John had made him furious. There was just one thing on his mind at that moment.
"Has anyone ever tell you that you're an angel?"
"Aren't you happy about that?" Mary asks.
"But you're wedding is tomorrow. Shouldn't we be getting ready for the wedding?"
John sits on Sherman's bed.
"The Last Will and Testament Of Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock grabs his gun and drives to Irene's apartment. When he arrives he cocks his gun and rushes into her apartment room.
Sherman is confused and ask, "Wait! Why do you want me?"
"We have plenty of time."
"No son. It's my time to be with Irene, Sarah, and Mycroft. I just want to let you know that I I."
"Sherman. Sherman?"
Sherlock grabs Lewis' head and slams it on the desk.
5 months later, Sherlock gets a call from Irene who sounds terrified.
If you're reading this then that means I'm dead. I give all of my possessions and wealth to you. Life is a very fragile thing and you only have one chance to live it. Be a better man than I was. Surround yourself with friends and family who love and support you and enjoy life. This journal contains all of my strategies and tricks in my field of knowledge. May it serve you well. This job won't be easy and you're going to make sacrifices but know that in the end it's worth it. However, first and foremost know that I will always be with you and love you.
That night, John brings Elizabeth to Sherlock's apartment.
Sarah is stunned by this but finally she says yes.
Everyone is excited about Sherlock's wedding.
"What I'm trying to say is to enjoy life and surround yourself with people who love you and protect them. I'm proud of the person that you have become."
Sherman responds, "I'm not sure. She is very pretty, kind, and strong independent. I'm not sure if I'm ready."
Annabelle is shocked and says, "You mean you're-,"
Sherlock nods his head. Suddenly a feeling of anger comes through Sherman.
The next day, Sherman turns in a resignation from the Police force and buys a house near Baker Street. There sets up an office and becomes a private detective. He hires Vanessa Hudson to be his secretary.
He yells at Sherlock asking, "WHERE THE BLOODY HELL HAVE YOU BEEN ALL OF MY LIFE??!! I'VE BEEN WONDERING WHERE YOU HAVE BEEN OR IF YOU EVEN CARED ABOUT ME!!! EVIDENTLY YOU DID NOT!!!"
"Too bad he won't find anything after we kill him."
"This is Sarah Lestrade. She was a former member of Scotland Yard."
"Wait what?"
Suddenly Lewis' hand gets shot with a bullet. Sherman looks over to where Sherlock is standing. His face is bruised. Sherlock runs up to Lewis who tries to punch him. However, Sherlock dodges his punch and grabs his arm and twists it. He knocks Lewis to the ground.
"I don't understand."
Sherman hugs John and Mary looks on.
Sherlock and Sarah get in Sherlock's car and Sherlock drives Sarah home.
"Has anyone ever told you that your manners could use some work?"
"First I must distract the guards then I will distract and disarm Moriarty. Then I will kill him."
"Yes Sherlock?"
"You don't understand. I have been watching you from afar and I'm proud of the man you have become. You have become your own man."
He is about to cut off his arm when Lewis finally says, "Alright I will talk."
It is July 27, 2015. Irene Adler is laying on Sherlock's bed in a sexual position when Sherlock Holmes walks right in. "Hello Holmes I've been waiting for you," Irene says with a smile on her face.
"Wait you're going to-,"
"Why don't you want to take care of him?"
"One more case."
On one of his assignments, Sherman is investigating a robbery that took place in 221B Baker Street. He goes into the building and meets. A girl is standing at one of the doorways.
"Such a shame. I actually liked you Sherman."
Sherlock reveals a board with newspaper clippings and pictures of Sherman.
"I will make you something to eat."
Lewis punches Sherman in his nose and knocks him down. He pulls a gun out of his jacket and points it at Sherman.
Sherman jumps from where he was hiding and grabs one of the men. It is an officer who works with Sherman. The other guy runs out of the store.
"He will be alright. He's lucky that the sniper shot him in the shoulder instead of his chest or head. How are you holding up Sherman?"
Moriarty reveals Sarah and John Watson both tied up.
Suddenly, the lights turn on and it's revealed that 1400 lbs of TNT were planted in the warehouse. Sherlock and Sherman run as fast as possible. They barely manage to escape before the whole place explodes. The two look back at the destroyed building.
Sherman still angry responds, "John told me that you were rude to people and didn't really care about anyone. Well I can see now what he meant. I thought you were dead but instead you have been in here all this time not wanting to see your own son. You weren't at my graduations or any other part of my life."
"I need you to do me a big favor. Please take care of Sherman for me."
"I'm so glad you're here Sherman. There's something I want to show you."
"Mind if I come in?" John asks
"I know it's a lot to process and I'll answer your questions the best way possible."
"Oh Holmes. I'm so glad you're here."
"Irene what's wrong?"
One day Sherman comes to visit Sherlock. When he walks in, Sherlock grabs Sherman by his shoulders.
He grabs the guy and ties him to a chair. When he wakes up he is sitting at a table with Sherlock and Sherman.
"Hello Sherlock it's an honor to finally meet you. I've heard so much about you."
Sherman is shocked and says, "Wait you're Sherlock Holmes."
"I'm afraid my enemies will get to Sherman and try to kill him. This is my way of protecting him. I hope one day he will understand."
5 guys with guns appear before Jane. They handcuff Sherlock and Sherman.
"Oh but you see he does have something to do with this. You costed me my only chance of happiness Holmes when you killed my wife and son. I thought you would be a good boy and die but no. So I'm going to keep my promise and kill everyone you love."
"They are here Father just as you requested."
"Whatever it is that you want with me, leave my son out of this. He has nothing to do with this."
Sherlock Holmes."
"Yeah well you aren't the only one who can fake his death you know."
Jane and her bodyguards takes them to her house. When they get there they come to a room.
"I think something's burning," Sherman says.
"There's something that I think you should know about your father. He had a certain way with people. He could be very rude at times. Also he didn't really think that life had a lot to offer so he was a bit of a recluse."
"I won't talk. There's nothing that you can do that will make me talk."
When Elizabeth heads home, Sherlock says to Sherman, "She is pretty."
"Oh come on. It would mean a lot to me. Please."
"His father was shot by a sniper and he is investigating."
The two look at Watson and look at each other and respond, "No," and keep having sex. John is sitting on the couch watching the two make love. He thinks to himself, "This is going to be a long night."
Sherlock responds, "The facial features and hair."
"Hey dad, there is someone who I want you to meet."
A chair turns around revealing James Moriarty.
"Wow. You're amazing." Sherlock says.
"My grandson just died. I was planning on seeing him this afternoon."
Sherman nods his head and leaves.
"How was the bachelor party Mr. Holmes?" The figure asks.
"Dad dad it's going to be alright! I'll get you out of here!"
Dear Sherman,
Moriarty points the gun at Sherman. Sherlock tried to think of a way to save both his son and himself.
"It is. Lots of memories here. I just wish there was a way I could keep this house."
"What are you trying to tell me?"
"Well He will no longer be able to use his left arm. He will have to be less active due to his old age."
"This place is nice."
One day Sherlock gets a phone call from Sarah. He comes over to Sarah's house where Sarah is crying.
"Oh really nothing. Sherman?"
"Oh Sherman. For a smart guy you really are a bloody fool."
Sherlock is shocked by this question. However, he accepts. The two go to dinner. They talk about their lives.
Sherman leaves the room and goes to see John.
"Tell me."
Sherlock hugs her tightly and the two kiss each other passionately.
After the funeral Sherman visits his father's apartment. He looks through all of the items from various cases. He comes across a journal. When he opens there's a letter.
One day, Sherman comes to Sherlock's apartment.
John and Mary agree to take the baby and Sherlock bids them farewell.
"No I didn't. What he is doing here?"
Moriarty gets out a gun and shoots it at Sarah. She falls over dead.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and responds, "I have no time for this Irene."
Sherlock knocks the guy out.
"So where did you come from?" Sherlock asks.
"You see my real name isn't really Elizabeth. It's Jane Moriarty. My father is your greatest enemy Sherlock."
"What's wrong Sarah?"
"I was going to ask the same thing Sherman."
"Who are you?"
"So did you hear that Holmes' son came by today?"
Sherman decides to join Scotland Yard and becomes their top police officer.
"Hello Elizabeth I've heard a lot about you."
"Sarah Lestrade, will you marry me?"
"Listen Sherman. I just want to tell you that I'm sorry for not being there for you. I'm a lousy father. I should have been there for you but I let my paranoia get in the way of doing the logical thing."
“M’kay,” Liz held her arms out and Sherlock took her in his one arm, holding the other out to John to scoop off the robes. John took the bundle up to the witch behind the counter. While he paid, Sherlock exited the store, Liz in his arms.
Sherlock whined a little. “Play,” he whinged.
Liz nodded mutely, crossing her legs on the sofa.
The meal passed quickly, conversation flowing as food disappeared. Dessert followed, Sherlock making minimal remarks about Mycroft’s weight. Jackie was allowed a sliver and gleefully spread the chocolate over her face, arms, the tray of her high chair, and anyone within reach of her sticky fingers, including both Mycroft and Sherlock.
“Okay, can you stay here while I go and get our lunch?”
“Why don’t you all come to the dining room.” The brothers preceded their father, taking their usual seats at the dining room table.
And just like that the worry was gone, Liz safe in the knowledge that her fathers would love her and protect her, no matter what was to come.
“Mummy hit me.” She placed a hand flat on her ribs. “It hurt a lot. I screamed. And then she was in the air.”
“No,” Sherlock sobbed, a deep breath wracking his body.
“If you go too fast, you’ll make yourself sick,” he told her gently, rocking back and forth and rubbing her stomach soothingly. He waited another minute, rocking back and forth, and let her have the rest of the bottle. She finished it quickly, whining a little when the bottle was empty. “Good girl,” Mycroft soothed, taking the muslin that was previously wrapped around her and laying it on his shoulder, propping Jaclynn over his shoulder, rubbing and patting her back and trying to get a burp out of her. Although it had been roughly thirty years since he had done this with Sherlock, it was all quickly coming back to him. It only took a second before she released a little burp, spittle following behind it.
“Three pumpkin juices, please,” John said without missing a beat.
Liz nodded, looking down again at her robes and fisting her hands in the fabric.
“It’s my pleasure, of course,” she said, leaning in and kissing him on the cheek. John stood and motioned for Sherlock to bring Rosie with him. He grabbed the nappy bag and their coats and exited the building. Sherlock followed after giving Mrs. Hudson one last kiss on the cheek, Rosie balanced on one hip.
“We’re going to pretend to be a couple?” Greg asked. He pointedly ignored the small flurry of butterflies that seemed to have taken residence in his stomach.
“Oh, I’m sure you don’t have time,” Mycroft insisted.
She paused a moment before shrugging. John, figuring he wasn’t going to get much more from her, tucked the afghan tighter around her.
“Then we’ll fix it with a spell, or we’ll replace it,” John relied easily. “Everyone makes mistakes. Just last week, I broke a glass.”
“I dunno, it’s kind of quaint,” Greg answered back.
What felt like hours later the door opened once more, admitting a doctor.
When Liz opened it, she saw a beautiful locket an inch long nestled in the fabric. It was made of a dark wood with delicate silver filigree covering it.
“It’s the mirror,” John chuckled as he walked over, holding a pair of red robes in front of him.
“We’re going to stop in hereand say hi to George, so we’ll be parting ways. It was good to see all of you again. We should do this again soon.”
“Of course I believe you,” Sherlock sighed. “I’ve always been able to recognize your honesty when talking about dynamics. And you haven’t given me cause to think you’re being deceitful in any way, consciously or otherwise.”
“She just found out about magic yesterday.”
“I think it might not be a good idea for Liz to continue attending daycare,” Hermione said without preamble.
“Hm.”
“Okay then, what’s your favourite restaurant in genral?” Greg asked, ignoring Mycroft’s embarrassment.
“A good idea, especially if you will be in the wizarding community more often,” Mycroft said with a knowing smirk.
“It’s not just any broom, it’s a flying broom. This was my favourite store as a child. I played Quidditch all through school.”
Please note that the first chunk of Mycroft and Greg's session is straight from the movie Mr. & Mrs. Smith.
“Mmm well she doesn’t seem to be suffering too much for it.”
“I would love one. Can I hold her while you make it?”
“Yes, you can head on back. Dr. Witter is expecting you.”
“Thank you,” Mycroft ran back into the kitchen as Greg made his way into Jackie’s room.
“And aren’t you the one who’s against all this dynamic nonsense?”
“You’re amazing,” he breathed, laying one last chaste kiss on Sherlock’s lips.
“I must admit, having the chance to use my magic outside of work is quite exciting.”
“Time to eat, I’d say,” the saleswoman chuckled as she quickly rang Mycroft through.
John shifted carefully so that he wouldn’t wake Liz. He reached up his right sleeve, pulling out a short stocky wand. He looked around before spotting a vase on a table. He pointed his wand at it. “Wingardium Leviosa.”
“Watch it!” John said.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered, turning to face John.
“Who says that?” Mycroft asked nonchalantly.
“Other test subjects,” his father replied, nodding. “And the leaders of the groups were scientists that were monitoring your progress.”
A few days later found Sherlock and Liz in the kitchen, performing a small experiment at the table. Liz had expressed interest earlier in the form of standing beside Sherlock, looking aptly up at him. Sherlock had conceded, picking her up and placing her on his lap. At first he had only let her peer through his microscope, hands hovering nervously around her and the microscope. She had been extra careful, peering into the microscope and quietly asking a few questions.
Diligently they worked at it and, an hour later, they were finally done.
“Okay.”
“Sounds good,” John answered, turning to the racks of robes. Hermione and Ron slid past them and to the children’s section. “Oh, Sherlock, look! You and Liz could match!” he said, pulling out a pair of dark purple robes.
“And yet you didn’t seen this coming?”
“Continuing on,” John said, hefting the list once more. They worked their way further down the list.
“Protect the weak?” Sherlock snorted.
Mycroft waved towards the cart he was pushing. “Yes, of course.” He smiled, knowing he would eat the whole pack himself if he wasn’t careful. He occupied himself with Jackie, who was seated in the cart in front of him.
Liz shook her head again. John stopped asking questions, turning back towards the telly. They watched for a few more minutes until Sherlock swanned into the living room, clad in his typical collared shirt and dress pants.
“Are you sure?” Sherlock nodded, grabbing John’s hand and threading it once more through his hair. “Alright, but we will talk about this eventually. Even though we both hate talking about feelings.” Sherlock hummed and closed his eyes, some of the tension immediately falling from his shoulders as he surrendered. “You are so good, you know that right?” When no answer was forthcoming, John tugged gently at Sherlock’s curls. “Answer me.”
She sighed and watched the video again, admiring the way Watson had pinned Sherlock to the bed. So sexy. She’d thought Watson might come out on top, and in this case that did appear to be correct. But then again, in different circumstances it was possible that Sherlock might try to push his own dominance. It would be interesting to see.
“Goodbye, Mrs. Hudson,” John muttered as he closed the door behind him before another word could pass his ears. He closed his eyes tightly and took a deep breath, before opening again to go find a cab and head off for the day.
Irene was focused, intent upon studying the past footage, while still examining the lone detective of course. He’d stopped playing his violin and had seated himself on the couch, staring into space. It was unfortunate the other pawn in the game had left, but she’d have him back soon enough, both of them at her disposal.
I nodded, but I couldn’t voice the rest. For a moment it was like he was there. I really could picture him laughing at me, thinking how funny it was I’d actually believed he was dead. But imaginings do me no good, really. So, I let the issue drop and started helping Mary make something for dinner.
"To whom?"
As we lay there, doing a bit of “pointless cuddling” as Sherlock called it, I decided one last thing had to be said.
“So, what brings you to the ballet?”
A/N: Warning NSFW. Smut of the slash variety included in this chapter. It’s not overly graphic (or maybe that’s my own opinion after having read more than my share of smut), but I still want to warn any people who might be upset by this (though by now I’d imagine most of you are well prepared). Please please please just skip if you don’t want to read it. No flaming me. I’ve warned you.
Making sure he didn’t look too rumpled, Sherlock opened the door and ventured out to find John on the couch with his laptop.
"For the record, if anyone cares, I'm not
“Though, not like she treats royalty,” John said with a smirk.
She watched his face start turning red, but she walked away before he could make his excuses. Better than an admission of guilt right there. Donovan smirked and shook her head. Well, if this situation wouldn’t provide her with any action, maybe she could at least live vicariously through Lestrade and his little fling.
“Don’t blame me for your recent decline in participation in sexual activities,” Sherlock muttered.
"No, not completely," Sherlock agreed. "But you care about me, John. Very few people ever have before. I've built something with you…a connection I suppose. And through it I can find a means of feeling…a means of loving. All that I've tried bottling up before comes flowing out of me through you." He paused and gave a wry smile. "In the interest of not sounding like I'm writing a blog post extolling your virtues, I'll simply say that the rules don't apply to you, John. I care for you. I want you. I…love you."
Another beep had them both jumping. Sherlock pulled his phone out yet again, noting this time it wasn’t from Irene. Thank heavens, he was growing tired of her games.
“You must keep pretty busy as a secretary,” he remarked.
Four words. None of which had any real significance separated. But together in that exact order… perfect.
a dog!” she said in complete disgust.
“Exactly, it’s
However, the flirting… it was out of character. And Sherlock didn’t like it. There wasn’t a logical reason behind it. They’d been together in school for months now and Watson had never showed a speck of interest. And suddenly he was over asking for a date.
"Oh, and John?" Mycroft said as they headed to the door.
“Er…could be tricky,” he said, shifting in his seat. “But…we could set another meeting…”
“I would have you right here on this desk until you begged for mercy twice,” Irene suddenly cut in.
“All I’m saying is you could use some enjoyment in your life,” Irene said with a sigh. “God knows I could at least, and I have far more fun than you. A boyfriend might be just the thing you need.”
So instead he headed out to the sidewalk, doing his best to appear concerned as he glanced over the American’s comatose form. By his calculations it would only be a few more minutes, but there was nothing wrong with giving the appearance that he was worried and vigilant and had called an ambulance for the poor misguided burglar.
Sherlock did his best to read the people he passed. Quite the wide array overall, but he caught a whiff of a few scandals that he might let Mycroft know about if the man was being good. He did deserve a little more help after all. Especially with the treat of the ballet tickets.
Unable to move, he simply watched as John rounded up the stairs, panting hard as he reached the top.
“Er…I…Mrs. Hudson can you come speak with me in the kitchen?”
"Oh he and that…woman went out ages ago," Mrs. Hudson said. "Some friends of his brother turned up here and asked him to go with them. She left a little after all dolled up and everything. Not sure what it was about."
“I’m getting sloshed, isn’t that what you do at a party?” Sherlock said, voice slightly slurred.
“I swear, he’s been acting weird for months now. And I didn’t believe that experiment excuse on the love bite shit. You sure you don’t know if he’s seeing anyone?”
“Just a bit oblivious at times I suppose,” Irene said with a shrug. “Not really too surprising. Now tell me. What’s this about?”
He was sitting at a table in the library when she’d come in. She smiled a little when she saw him.
“He’s interesting,” Irene said. She took a seat on the couch nearby and smiled. “I need more interesting in my life.”
Sherlock headed down the stairs slowly. He glanced towards 221 A, but he decided it was better to leave John to tend Mrs. Hudson in peace. Besides, his heart was still racing and he wasn’t sure he could approach his flatmate right now without giving in to his desire to show his affection…
His lips were still tingling. God he kept thinking back to Sherlock’s hand on his face, his thin body right there in front of his. If he’d just stepped a few centimeters closer he could have rubbed his erection against Sherlock…seen if the detective was equally aroused…
He leaned in closer, staring. I wanted to shift away from his gaze, but there was nowhere to go. I was stuck in my chair while he studied me.
“Alright, I’ll try to investigate that. In the meantime, you plan out giving me some more action from those two,” Kate said.
“It’s not here,” he said. “We’re not
his best and only true friend suffer the agony of two years thinking him gone for good when his homeless network and Molly Hooper and Mycroft all knew. And above all, I wanted to know why I had fallen for him when all he’d ever done was continue to hurt me with his carelessness, the self-centered sod.
Lestrade didn’t quite make the logical connection there, but accepting it.
“I love Sherlock Holmes.”
He frowned. “That’s irrelevant. It’s John…it’s…”
“I just…she doesn’t want me,” he murmured.
After a moment of silence Sherlock turned to go to his room. “I hope you didn’t mess up my sock index.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Dr. Watson,” she said, smiling. “I’m a huge fan of your blog.”
She strolled over to them, shaking Sherlock’s hand first, then John’s. Her deep brown eyes fixed on his.
“Hmm…nice,” Moriarty said with a shrug. “Could listen to the songs a bit more I suppose.”
Mary smiled. “That’ll give you the chills, hmm?”
Greg was not happy when he watched Sherlock stalk away from Watson. In all honesty, he’d assumed it would be much easier than that. If Holmes really was gay, Watson seemed like he’d be quite the handsome bloke. Shouldn’t he have accepted?
“No, because I took your pulse,” he said.
“I wouldn’t mind one of those myself right now.”
Yay another update! I was initially going to include the party in this chapter too, but figured it would be too long, so another chapter should be up fairly soon.
“Shut up,” John snapped, turning away and going back to the door. “Honestly Sherlock, I don’t know what you want from me.”
“She says she’ll change it if I send her a picture of me….um…me…giving you a…um…well…a....”
(See the end of the chapter for
"What about it?" John asked.
She pointed him on into another room and disappeared back towards the car. He continued on, just deciding to speak the frustrating thoughts to the empty air while he awaited Mycroft's dramatic entrance. Such a drama queen.
There was a noise on the other end and Mycroft sighed.
Sherlock's expression lightened, and he gave yet another rare half smile. One of his hands moved to trace John's cheek, brushing aside a last lingering tear.
“I believe it’s likely a case of the latter,” Sherlock said. “He—Her treatment of me has led me to believe that’s probably…probably what’s going on.”
The door to the flat opened. He glanced up, heart beginning to pound as he heard footsteps on the stairs.
“Fine,” he muttered.
However, as he straightened up, eyes narrowing, she wondered if she’d misjudged.
She went towards her car, pausing only when another vehicle practically ran into her.
“She’s cozy with everyone,” Donovan sighed and continued walking.
"What?" Irene managed to ask before letting out a sigh, hands smoothing down Kate's thighs.
Irene was still trying to gather her wits about her. After a rush of knowing she’d beaten Sherlock, procured information for Moriarty to save Kate, orgasmed quite nicely, and seen her two pets play together for the first time, she was more than a little bit overwhelmed. But that was all to be put behind her now. She knew what she had to do.
He wondered if he should add the part about his libido, but a part of him felt…embarrassed by that. He’d acted like a pubescent, and though he was well aware of John’s own level of sexual entertainment based on the large amount of pornographic material in his search history, he felt John wouldn’t really understand.
“Oh stuff it you,” I muttered. “You’re—Sherlock, is this my miracle?”
“And ate the bloody necklace,” John finished with a groan. “And the bills too.”
“Any ideas on types of guys?” Lestrade said. “Er…twinks…bears…um…”
“What about him?” he said, motioning in the general direction.
“Going to a party on the weekends is normal,” Molly said.
Sorry folks. Long wait I know. I moved to another country and then was preoccupied with adjusting to life there and um now I have a girlfriend… it’s just been a lot. No judgement if you unfollow. Trust me I’ve done it before.
“Are you ready for your performance?” Irene whispered to Kate.
“What noise?” Sherlock muttered, still continuing to pull his newspaper higher. Being evasive, but John was used to that.
“Why don’t you prove it then?” Irene said with a smirk.
“I love Sherlock Holmes.”
That night I didn’t have the typical nightmares. Instead I was standing at the same grave I’d visited earlier in the day. Confused, I stood looking at the stone for a few minutes, wondering why I was still there. Hadn’t I already said everything I needed to? But a voice interrupted my thinking.
She smiled. “Well, that’s all fine and dandy, but have you actually asked him?”
No. No, he doesn’t Mary. He has no idea. Nor do you, really. You know I care for him. But you have no idea the agony I’ve suffered.
this was going on. But the only thing he could attribute it to was the death of Irene Adler.
“Jeanette, please,” he begged.
One girl in the front raised her hand and let out a blissful sigh.
Mind palace John smiled warmly at him.
John gave him a slap to his thigh that had him gasping, staring up with a half accusing half aroused look.
Greg Lestrade was undeniably attractive. Dark tousled hair and deep brown eyes and a distinguished jawline. He looked athletic, though perhaps not overly so in a way that made Molly concerned he might only be worried about his body. He was fiddling with a French book.
“Er…we’re sort of trying to talk, mate? Mind playing in your own room or upstairs or finding something more quiet to do?”
“I just can’t win,” John muttered, walking over to plop down in his chair, slumping immediately and letting out another long sigh.
“I expected better of you, Sherlock,” he muttered before turning his attention on Molly.
“Necessary for the case I’m afraid.”
“No,” Sherlock said.
“Better than yours,” Sherlock muttered.
"It helps me think," Sherlock muttered.
He looked up in time to see that Molly Hooper had arrived. She was offering greetings in her usual cheery tone, a lovely lipsticked smile in place. Her arms were overflowing with bags of gifts. He came over to see if she needed help, not missing Jeanette’s glower as he did. And of course as she shed her coat he noted she looked particularly beautiful tonight in a black evening gown.
As they headed down the stairs together Sherlock took a moment to scan John.
“As always, a brilliant level of observation, John. How ever do you manage?” Sherlock said, lips twitching in a playful smile.
“An animal rights gala, wasn’t it?” Sherlock called from the door. “Only one going on last night in the city. Or at least only significant enough one to have you want to have nice jewelry for the event. Funny considering when you came home you made yourself a snack of meat…”
“John,” Sherlock murmured even as he tried to understand John’s slurred words. He’d broken things off with Jeanette? But why? “It’s all right. Let’s just get you back to bed, shall we?”
“Sherlock?”
“So, Gregory… welcome to our lovely school. I’m sure you won’t find it much different than your old ones,” she said with a fake smile. “Here’s your schedule. Off you go.”
The unkempt boy spoke next. “E’s not someone I’d be messing with. Right wanker that one. But…perhaps if you’d be able to pay the Wig…”
you that camera phone was my life. I know when it’s in my hand,” Irene said.
Irene could hardly restrain herself. Oh that was even better than expected. She’d thought a little more prodding would be needed, but she had been right in thinking interest was already there. Her little aphrodisiac mixture had merely accelerated the process. All you really needed was the right catalyst in a chemical reaction and the rest would take care of itself. And what these two men had was as chemical as reactions went.
Sherlock had closed his eyes again, to painful to keep them open just yet.
"So You work for the government? You're one of his agents?"
It was strange, really. That they were so different but also very alike.
Sherlock grinned at himself. Yes. He had something to do now, something inside the house, something to help John, and something he knew he was good at.
John took of his jacket and hang it at the end of the coat rack. The rest of the class was softly talking with each other. Some of them looked up to John and smiled at him or greeting him when he past them towards his desk, others ignored him or were too occupied with their conversations to notice him. John sat down behind the desk and he looked at the white paper and the pencils in front of him. He felt a spike of happiness and at the same time a spike of loss when he looked at them. It had been almost five years since he last took up a pencil. But somehow he was eager to begin. It was like an old love fluttering back to life. And in a way it was. He took up the B4 pencil and balanced it in his hand. He rolled the pencil between his fingers, and felt a small smile coming up to his lips. Yes. Maybe it was time to give it a go again. He felt a small twitch in his stomach and he wiped the stupid grin of his face before anyone else would notice that he was smiling like an idiot.
"Even more?"
Sherlock could see the tension in John's shoulders. Whatever he was going to say, he seemed stressed about it.
Sherlock tried to convince the doctors that he was ready to go home, but it didn't work. John was secretly pleased with that. Knowing Sherlock, he would be up way to soon, trying to occupy that big brain of him. And he was already bored out of his mind after a week of hospitalisation. John was seated next to his bed, the chair shoved as close as possible. Keeping him company, making sure he wasn't going to get up and do anything stupid. And Sherlock was perfectly comfortable with John so close next to him. It did occur to him to get out of bed and to do something stupid, but he rather stayed here with John.
"She told me to stop being a coward."
"I can related to that. Did you have the other serum ready? The one we made up yesterday?"
"You enjoy to draw."
"Yes. Same place?"
John's head flew up when he heard noise coming from the house. He reached for his gun and pulled the safety off. He stood up and braced himself between the door and Sherlock's body, protecting him. The noise continued, and he heard footsteps running through the garden heading towards the atelier. John pointed his gun to the door, ready for who ever was coming in. The door bashed open and Greg stormed in, his gun in hand.
"That's a first."
John and Sherlock entered the room that was adjoining the infected laboratory. There was a glass wall between this room and the lab with a door at the left side.
John asked him. Sherlock told him about the missing persons, and John leaned a bit forward to listen intense to what Sherlock was telling him.
"You're an idiot, you know that?" He said tenderly.
"Ambulance is on its way as we speak.  The Yard will be informed. My agents will take care of mister Jenkins."
John pulled out his phone, and saw he had a message. And a missed call.
So every morning and every night I sat on my bedside with my gun in my hands. Would it be today?
"God, I'm sorry. But I'm so done with this."
The further Ava walked, the harder the sounds became. It was horrible. It sounded like a dying animal, deep moans and a gurgling sound. When Beth came into picture, Sherlock frowned and watched with his mouth a bit open. What once had been a woman, was now reduced to an empty shell. She was filthy. Her skin looked as if it was decomposing and the eyes were empty.
"Don't say that."
"Not really, did you?"
"Right. Thanks Chuck!"
Was he afraid that John would start dating again? Was he afraid that John would have less time for him? Was it because it was a man that hit on him? Was Sherlock jealous? Was that why he grabbed John's arse possessively as he did? Why did he kiss him back? Christ. He had kissed him.
"Yes. I didn't think it was a dream at the time. I thought I really had died."
"Oi! Show a little respect. At least they are doing it."
1 new message.
After a few minutes, Sherlock lifted his head from John's shoulder, his cheeks wet and red from crying. He pulled back a bit.
"I do."
Sherlock was quiet. He had listened intense to John's story. It was sad, really. He could easily picture John how he had been before they've met. John always had been a popular bloke, the one with that big grin on his face, his blue eyes sparkling. People surrounding him, wanting to be his friend. A happy, uncomplicated man with the world at his feet. Loved by many, and in return cared for all of them. Nothing like the arrogant sods who were popular at his schools when he was studying.
"Ish. Don't be daft, handsome. I told you I was special? I am. He sent me here to find out about this virus, and to help create an antidote."
John looked at the man next to him.
But it wasn't real. And it hurt. It hurt to know that this was all he was going to get, and it wasn't enough. It was selfish and he knew it. He was a selfish man after all. Life had been easier without John in it, before he met him. Empty, yes. But easier. He never knew what he was missing, that he was missing something. Until is was there, within his reach, knowing that if he reached out for it, it would vanish for ever.
Yes. He definitely was. He wanted to understand John. To understand how his feelings worked. But instead of explaining that to John, and reveal to much of his eagerness, Sherlock just nodded.
"Yes."
"Shut up." He said teasing.
“Good evening, looking forward for tonight? “
But now his so carefully crafted shield was broken. He couldn't hide himself behind it anymore. It had started to crack from the moment he met him. But somehow he had always managed to keep it complete. Maybe it had been foolish of him to think that he could come back and carry on as before his absence, to go back to the sociopath he had been, shutting everything out again, to not let the emotions wash over him and drown him. To take distance from everything and everyone except John.
"Of course you don't. He's a suspect in a case of four missing and probably murdered man. I wouldn't trust him either."
In the middle of the room on the ground lay the man he lived for. The only one who had ever really mattered. The one he had taken in in his heart, to never let go again.
At that time Sherlock had decided to step out of the door and join the chilly classroom. He was wearing tight jeans. Sherlock was wearing tight jeans. Only tight jeans.
Instantly Marc's foot was on his chest. He kicked him hard down. Sherlock tried to breath. It was difficult and he was afraid he would suffocate. He felt the leather belt hitting him again. On his head, in his face, on his body. He tried to put his arms in front of his face, but they were kicked away. The man started kicking him in earnest now. Ribs, arms, hips and head. The world went black again.
"Who looked high, Mellon?"
"Sod that. I want my lips on you, my fingers. I want to rub up against you, make you squirm and moan."
"No, no. At least, I don't think so. But... you like her, don't you?"
"Not without medical equipment, no. I did everything I could."
Mycroft sighed. They sat together in silence for a moment.
They studied the samples again, looked at the cells underneath the microscope, (still not pairing, which was good) and they even had dinner together. When John entered the room they were both sitting with their noses against their screens, discussing the best way to inject the subjects.
"You're unbelievable. I'm going to pack. When did you wanted to leave?"
Ava sat down on the edge of her desk, her shoulder leaning against the glass.
Finally, they came across a couple of homeless people. They were at the end of an abandoned alley, warming their selves around a small fire. Eva and Ley where there too. Nita suggested with her hands that they had to come with her, parting them from the others.
"So, the infected cells are not reacting on the healthy ones."
John's legs gave out on him, and he slid down the wall he had been leaning against until he sat on the ground. His butterflies were shocked, trashing against the walls of his stomach, and one seemed to have bitten himself into his heart, holding on for dear life.
"Slept good?" Sherlock managed to get out. John smiled.
"Three human's and two apes."
His head pounded. His body felt stiff and cold. Slowly he tried to open his eye's.
"John?" He said, his voice throaty.
They stopped in front of the fresh headstone in front of them.
Another hit. Sherlock clenched his teeth.
"I'm sorry John. For everything."
"Me too."
"Yes. I can see it. Can you zoom in on the left? Where that little spot is?"
Sherlock asked. John didn't lift his head from the mattress. He sat in his usual chair next to the hospital bed, and he had rested his head on his arms onto the bed. Sherlock was softly massaging his skull.
"O bloody hell..."
"Relieved."
"The zombies. I hope we can safe them."
"I'm MI5-ish. Your brother was the one who sent me here."
"No, Sherlock. Thank god you're not."
"Bollocks. You need to eat, Sherlock. I'm not taking any changes with you. If you don't eat, you're on your own tonight. You'll go down after one pint. I'll just stay in and read a good book or something."
"Where?"
"I did."
"Shit... Sorry, but we have to keep your body warm."
"look'n for Nita."
Slowly he turned around, and Sherlock put his weight back on both legs, biting back a moan.
"Ta, David. Sounds good to me."
"I will always remember you, little devil."
"She just said to stop doing it. And I did."
Send.
Sherlock turned his head around, finding John's lips and gave him an open mouth kiss, moaning in his mouth, pushing his arse back against John's groin. Demanding as ever.
I somehow managed to finish the surgery before I got outside. I remember it was a hot day. I went for a walk into the dessert, smoking almost a pack of cigarettes, trying to get my emotions under control, knowing I had to go home as soon as possible. I had to make phone calls and make sure that everything was taken care off. I needed to contact Harry, let her know she wasn't on her own with this. I felt so empty, so betrayed in a way. In one day the world took so many of me. The man who looked into my soul and my beloved parents.
"It's Sherlock. Of course he never said anything! Not to me, or anybody else I know. Don't let anybody even think that the posh all knowing detective is human after all, that he cares."
After an hour Esmeralda raised her voice again.
"Mr. Holmes."
"Both then. I'm more curious about your feelings about that matter, really."
"My Golden angel." He sighed.
"What are you doing?!"
Why weren't there any cabs when you needed one?!
But, there I was. Nearing forty, war veteran, starting to get grey, and hopelessly in love with his very male, very daft roommate. Who had made it very clear from the start that he wasn't interested in any of those things."
"Because I wanted to."
"I'm not tired."
Nita turned around and John followed her. Once outside she spoke to him again.
"Hmmm. Lovely. Don't stop."
Ava grinned and reached for her phone. Within ten seconds her face popped up on Sherlock computer screen. An even bigger grin appeared.
and finally I pulled the trigger.
"Ready?"
"Nonsense. John and I will go there and investigate."
Sherlock followed John outside, closing the door behind him.
"Do you? I'm flattered."
"I'm so sorry Ava. I wished there was another way."
"Are you enjoying yourself?" He continued and he saw John's posture change again.
"When was the last time?"
"Well? What do you think?"
"Why now? Why have we never bumped into each other on the streets?"
John reached for his phone in his pocket to call him, realising that Sherlock's phone was still in the pocket of his coat, currently hanging across John's arm.
John cried out loud. He cried for the pain his friend must have bared. He cried for the fact that he couldn't have spared him from it. He cried for all the bruising's on the man's body, all the swellings, all the ruptures underneath that once beautiful skin. He cried for the fact that he hadn't been here for him. He cried for the fact that he lost him.
"Okay, almost finished. Just a few minutes."
"Have you been drawing for a long time?
"I'll be back first thing in the morning, all right?"
"What?!"
John stared at the items in front of him, letting the feeling of gratefulness and something else he was definitely not acknowledging wash over him, and before he could change his mind, he got up and reached for his phone.
"Shit... Sorry, but we have to keep your body warm." He hoped Sherlock understood what he was saying.
"If you see her, tell her were at Dave's."
Jesus.
"Bloody hell, Sherlock! You're unbelievable. What would have been the point?!" John yelled back, turning around, facing him again.
Ava opened her eyes to look at him.
"Okay, so... eh... I got the package."
John raised a questioning eyebrow and signed to the glasses and bottle in his hand. Sherlock took a deep breath.
Ava chuckled.
"Took you long enough." He said when Sherlock stopped next to him and gratefully took the offered coffee in hands. John looked at him and frowned.
"You did."
"She was special."
The insides of his eyelids seemed to give light. It was a soft gold mixed with pink and blue. Some little white stars slowly danced in his vision.
John giggled.
"He's just out of surgery. They had to operate him to set his dislocated knee back and to fix a ruptured testicle."
Sherlock opened his mouth and closed it again. John held back a giggle.
A small smile turned on his lips, and instead of the tea, he took one of the sketchbooks onto his lap and started to read John's diary, to explore all those shades of happiness and the shades of pain John had managed to put down on paper.
"Yes, I know. That's the whole problem, isn't it?"
"Ain't your mate. There are no copper friends in 'ere, so get out!"
"Let's hope so. And what about you? You're not going to stay around here?"
"Your plan, Sherlock. What is your plan for tomorrow."
It was the sketchbook with the anatomical drawings and the portraits of his fellow students at that time. But looking at them with the maker in front of him, gave it another load. Sherlock studied every drawing with his full attention, admiring the details and the feelings it somehow brought up. After at least twenty minutes, he closed the sketchbook and looked at John, who was staring at the flames again. But his face wasn't that at ease as it had been before. Sherlock could see the little frown in his forehead and he saw the slightest tremor in his hand.
Time to look into the case of the artistic doctor.
I'm coming back to you, I just... I just need a moment, okay?"
John shook his head.
"Ready?"
"I'm sorry, Sherlock. Forget that I said that. I'm sorry."
"What would have been the point?" Sherlock said agitated, raising his voice.
"Okay class!" She said, her voice raised a bit so everybody gave her full attention.
"You're the first of the group who did."
When he looked up again he finally saw an empty cab and flagged it over. He got in and told the cabby where to go. It would take about ten minutes to get there.
He had seen John's cheeks getting pink with anger, and he had felt his stomach twist at the sight. He loved it when his roommate skin turned colour like that. That was another thing he didn't tell John, for obvious reasons, of course.
And God, those eyes.
"Yes, you can be, you git. If you want too you can be quite adorable. I'm very happy with your gift, Sherlock. You managed to get me speechless."
David held the door for John and he had no choice than to pass the man on his way out. He could just feel the eyes of the man behind him burning in his back. Great. Now he had to handle that too. John opened the door of the classroom where the others had already started again. Sherlock was sitting with his back towards him, so he didn't see John coming in with David. John hurried himself to his desk, and turned around his sketch again.
David smirked at him. John felt jealousy and anger coming up and he clenched his fists, his lips became a small line and his eyes started to spit fire.
They had too call it off.
Impossible.
After almost one and a half hour, John emerged from the room where Sherlock lied, and walked into the waiting room.
"You just finished your last case! For Christ sake."
"You can't die."
"I'm not a saint, John. And you can call it sex. In contrary to whatever my brother said, sex doesn't alarm me. I just don't practise it at the moment."
Walking inside, his mind was rushing. Was he on to them? Did he see that they weren't actually a couple? Did the man figure out that is was all just a cover? Did John just blew their cover? Or was it something else? David just told him that he thought it was to bad that the man was already taken. God. If they had decided to go into this without acting as a couple, he would probably be all over Sherlock. Good thing then that they got that covered.
"Sherlock! Wait!" John yelled after him. Sherlock pushed the people in his path towards the door aside, not slowing his pace.
"There you are. I've been looking for you." Sherlock interrupted, his voice dark. David froze on the spot and John was relieved that Sherlock had chosen this moment to be too impatient to wait any longer for a text from him.
"You're not ready for this, Sherlock."
O god.
His face went back to the screen of his phone.
"No."
"Not like I like you."
"So you're alone?"
“Well, miss Jones, fire away.”
"I'm just looking for a friend, mate. Don't make a big deal out of it."
"You do make a pretty angel, John. Almost as pretty as in real life."
"you have such a marvellous build. Long, slender, muscled. No fat on your body. Sharp cheekbones, angled shoulders, round buttocks. It's almost a piece of art of it's own."
He understood it too well.
Ava stood up and Sherlock stretched his back.
"Small chance. He hasn't done any of that since his return, or even before that, you know."
John felt a blush coming on to his cheeks.
He was going to die here. The man was going to finish his painting and make him bleed for the next session. Maybe not today, but definitely tomorrow. If he managed to survive the night. But he probably would. His transport could be very stubborn when holding on to life.
"Well, who is it, then?"
Sherlock gave her an eye roll while pulling the corner of his mouth up.
Sherlock needed to survive this. John needed him to survive this.
"Can you two please behave like adults for a few minutes?! This is a very serious matter. Human lifes are at stake for god sake!"
Donna smiled at the other woman who was walking towards them with a tray full of coffee and tea.
"Of course."
Holy shit.
"I don't know. It's my own work, Sherlock. I cant say if it's good, can I?"
"They are not contaminating them."
"Can you please draw my brother with little horns on his head? And a bit fatter?"
"Come back up, so we can smoke."
David turned around and left the bathroom again. John let out a deep breath.
John asked him. Sherlock nodded at him.
God. There were even angels. How predictable. Would they have wings? White fluffy bird like wings? And a white sheet around their body's? He would like that. He felt comfortable in a sheet. Not that he was going to be an angel.
"Beth?"
"Fuck." Greg swore. He turned around and stuck his head out of the door.
She sat down in her chair and picked up her cup of coffee again, taking a careful sip.
"You feel the same about him, then?" She whispered.
"Then put me on speaker. This concerns him too."
The door behind Sherlock opened and John walked in.
Chest: Difficulty breathing, rapid heartbeat, tight feeling in the chest, flared nostrils when breathing; Partial collapsed lung.
Sentiment.
John pulled his arm out of the man's grip.
"You mean the labs where your crazy and spectacularly ignorant brother locked me in and made me hallucinate as an experiment? You can probably imagine that I do."
Not good.
"Plan?"
"So, not in my... absence?"
There was a loud noise behind her. Ava shook up and turned around.
Mycroft dropped his cigarette and put it out with his foot. He turned towards the hospital doors and went inside, leaving John behind.
"I've been told so, yes." He answered, his voice cracking. He was on his elbows now, just get his legs underneath him and he could run off. He took a deep breath to steady himself. It hurt his ribs. Marc was in front of him now.
Requires X-ray and possibly surgical intervention.
"Do you really keep body parts in the fridge?"
That evening John sat in the chair next to Sherlock's bed. It had been a long day. He couldn't remember the last time he slept. Sherlock was moving a bit again, as he had done for the last half hour. He would probably wake up soon. Every soft moan he heard coming over the detective's lips made his heart bleed. Even with the morphine and sleep he was still in pain.
"No. I am not."
A few weeks later Sherlock got an email that made it possible to finally investigate his friends creative side. He had made sure that John had no idea that he had found the sketchbooks, but he did find out that the man was happy with his own sock index (how could he not.) And the warm smile he had given Sherlock had made his heart jump inside his chest.
The two men were sitting in their chairs across of each other, sipping their tea's, warming up from the cold outside. The fire in the hearth gave the room a feeling of security, making the room smaller and giving it a nice smell. John was enjoying it. He and Sherlock were discussing the course members they both talked too and they discussed their cover.
"You do realize that I am sitting right next to you?"
"Please, Sherlock, stay with me, don't leave me."
"A pub?"
"You think so?" He replied, his voice just a bit lower than usual, raising one of his eyebrows slightly. He could see the interest in David's eyes.
"Panicked?"
John started talking. He began hesitatingly, sighed a lot, in search for the right words and Sherlock could see it took a lot of effort to do this, but he did. And only because he asked him.
"Ha! He's looking for 'Olmes! Good luck with that, he dead."
Sherlock stared at the headstone in front of him. Her name engraved in the black granite.
"Yes." He said.
Instead of going down that path of thoughts, Sherlock shook his head and sat himself up on the sofa to rubbed his hands across his face. Maybe John was right, and he should do something in the house. That was a kind thing to do for him, wasn't it? He wanted to do something that made John happy, just to see if that made the man turn colour also, so he could save that image in his mind palace with the rest of the information he had stuffed there about John. But he was definitely not cleaning or cooking.
The man's shoulder seemed dislocated. Leaving his arm in a strange angle.  John saw the swelling between his thighs, his scrotum almost purple and the bloodied urine around him. He saw the dislocated knee, swollen and severely damaged.
"Why?!"
Carefully Sherlock lifted the lit to see what was inside.
John broke his gaze from the flames and looked at the man sitting across him.
John pulled out a handcrafted wooden pencil box. It was a simple design. The wood was dark, almost black with a hint of red in it, a small copper lip kept the lid down. The texture felt like satin underneath his fingers. He opened the box and saw the inside was padded with a soft lining to hold his new set. The compartments inside would make sure he could stash his eraser and sharper, and he could organize his pencils by hardness inside.
What did he have to do now? Go back to Bakerstreet? He still had his emergency cocaine hidden there. Maybe it was enough to end all of this. But he couldn't. Not only were his keys inside his coat, the chance of John being there was considerable.
"And while I wait for the kettle to boil, I'm going to make sure you are lying comfortable. I'll sit next to you on the sofa, and I'll start getting your shirt open, one button at the time, and I'll do that with my mouth on your neck, kissing and tasting you. I'll rub my fingers against your nipples. How hard can I get them? Maybe I'll pinch them a bit, just to hear you moan. I'll push your shirt further open, and I will work my way down with my mouth from your neck towards your chest, letting my tongue play with your left nipple, my fingers with the right, before they go down a bit further."
Sherlock's head spun. His mind was having a short circuit and it went blissfully blank. He felt the soft but sturdy lips pressing against his own. It was not as he had expected. He had thought that if it would ever happen,(or rather, imagined it) it would be hard and rough. But John's touch was soft but pressing, his mouth opening a bit to get Sherlock's lower lip between his own, softly sucking it and releasing it again. Sherlock felt the tip of John's tongue brushing against his lips, and he invitingly opened his mouth. He felt John's tongue slowly licking his lower lip again before carefully exploring Sherlock's mouth. When their tongues met each other, they both let out a soft moan. Their tongues circled each other and played for a moment before Sherlock's mind was starting back up.
"A bit."
John could slightly see his ribs when Sherlock inhaled, and suddenly he asked himself how Sherlock would have looked as a teenager. That face full with sharp lines with big unruffled dark curls on top of it, his body long and slender, gangly limbs and probably a constant look of boredom on his face. He would have been on himself a lot, constantly insulting his classmates and teachers, his head tugged away in books. Sherlock had told him that himself. He was an loner, an einzelganger. He had no interest in the people around him whatsoever. The opposite of himself, really. John had been short and sturdy all his life. As a sports fanatic playing rugby and football and with a healthy appetite, he had always been muscled and maneuverable. He was quick and strong. He smiled a lot and was sort of popular. The other young men liked him, because he was good in sports, he was nice to everybody, he didn't have an air and was always willing to help. The young woman liked him too. He was a gentleman, never bragged about his latest victories like the other men, he was romantic, caring, honest and a extremely passionate lover. In bed, being strong and maneuverable was a big plus. Count in his stamina and his will to please, and he was considered a great fuck. He didn't get the Three Continent nickname for nothing.
"That reminds me." Sherlock said.
John made the decision to get some take away after he brought back the rental and before he went home, and by the state of Sherlock's skin tone it was a good thing that he did.
Damn, this was embarrassing. While he pulled the sweater down around his chest, his head down as to see what he was doing, he glanced up trough his eyelashes. He could see the beginning of an erection in the other man's trousers. Bloody hell.
Ava turned the camera on her phone towards Beth, to show Sherlock what happened.
"Hello? Ow hello, Marc... Yes... And you? Great. Okay... No. I'm flattered, but I'm sorry. But that's something I don't do. And besides, it wouldn't be fair to the other students, would it?... Sure, no problem... Yes... I'll see you Tuesday. Good evening, Marc."
"He never tells me anything." John muttered.
Sherlock blinked a few times. He had been staring at John. The man had looked at him as if he saw him for the first time. The fact that John was going to stare at him for the few hours to come was enough to make him nervous. He did not take that  into account thinking this plan through. Sherlock felt a shiver down his spine that had nothing to do with the cold he was feeling, but it intensified the goose bumps across his arms and chest.
"This is a friend. Have you been tracking person two?"
"If you had been really gone. I promised myself to never live through that again, facing the world without you. I would have shot myself."
Please let it just be a concussion, don't let this beautiful mind be damaged.
"What? Don't be jealous, Pretty. You'll always be our number one. And we need John, don't we? Look where it got us without him. And besides, if you can have both of us, why can't I? I promise I'll share him, gorgeous."
"Of course. Of course I will do that."
Outside there were people smoking. With a sigh Sherlock took out a small pack of cigarettes and lit one, putting the package back into the pocket of his jacket. He missed his Belstaff. The jeans he was wearing were not particularly comfortable and far too cold for this time of year, and the jacket was too short to warm his legs.
"The medication slows it down. And like I said, it wasn't a bite, just a scratch."
"What?" Sherlock looked up, annoyed.
She looked down at his drawing again.
"Can I change your bedroom into a laboratory?"
"Sherlock. I need to ask you something."
“Hell no!”
"It's amazing that he's alive, actually. Recovery will take months."
"I promise."
"Do you remember calling me the golden angel?"
"Can I have you in my life?"
"Moron...." He mumbled. He looked at the woman behind the glass and took a seat in Sherlock's abandoned chair.
"Christ! You are a marvel, Sherlock Holmes."
Ava stood up from the chair behind the glass and stretched herself.
"Don't be ridiculous, John. There's no such thing."
“No problem, John. Just promise me you will keep it, and not to throw it away because it is terrible."
And of course Sherlock had panicked. Normally he loved to explore the unknown, giving himself a challenge and to drive away the boredom that always lingered in his mind. But not with John. The feelings were too much, too intense and there was too much at stake. He finally made a friend. Not just a friend, no. He found himself a best friend, a pal, a partner. A man who didn't question him, who laughed at his tantrums and dealt with them, someone who listened to his deductions without judging him and calling him a freak, but praised him instead. A man who saw all of him, and still hadn't run away. Of course John had an opinion and wasn't scared to share it with him, even pushed him to his limits and sometimes even over them.
"It doesn't hurt, much. The skin is dead, and somehow I still have function in this arm. Although I can feel the strength getting less."
Sherlock rolled his eyes at this comment, but it got lost in the wind and rain.
“And you’ve got a photograph of me wearing that hat!” Sherlock suddenly exclaimed.
Sherlock rose, snapping his chemistry book closed and grabbing his acceptance letter.
After a moment he started up, taking the stairs gradually as he continued to gather the data he needed. In other circumstances he might have rushed, but he didn’t trust his mind under such circumstances. Not when he was still rejoicing over the possibility of John loving him.
“Was that a yes?” Watson asked.
Sherlock cocked his head. “But what about, Mary?”
“Who’s that?” he asked Donovan, nudging her and nodding towards the boy in the suit.
It might be a bit til the next update. I'm going on vacation for a week, so no promises on when then next one will be up. Just keep an eye out!
Perhaps he’d acted a bit rashly at the party, but he’d been so angry at the time. So upset that he had to sit by and watch John cuddle Jeanette and go have sex with her that evening. And then Molly Hooper had practically thrown herself at him, and that had been the last straw. He couldn’t take it. Not knowing that John was attached to someone else and a woman he had no interest in other than friendship was eager to be with him in more of a romantic respect.
“No, no, no, after that. What did you say after that?” Sherlock snapped.
Lestrade smiled. His first real friend then.
“He went out a couple of hours ago,” Irene said with a smirk.
Mrs. Hudson pursed her lips. “I might tolerate a little nonsense from you, Sherlock. But that is quite enough. Go to the office at once.”
Sherlock muttered to himself as the door to her bedroom cleaned.
Molly bit her lip. While she didn’t relish the idea of deceiving Mycroft, at the moment it did seem the only way.
Lestrade knew this was necessary, but that didn’t mean his heart wasn’t beating crazy fast as he walked towards Watson. Donovan was just a few steps behind, but even she looked apprehensive.
He recoiled slightly, trying to process what she was saying. Hadn’t it been him who’d fascinated her this whole time? But instead, as she began conversing with Mycroft about her phone, he began to realize it wasn’t in fact true.
Mrs. Hudson was standing there looking at him. “That really wasn’t very good, was it?” she said, obvious pity in her gaze.
“In case you hadn’t noticed, my brother is…well…” she sighed. “Difficult.”
“I can’t be seen at the ballet,” John said.
. “I suppose. He’s been useful to me on my cases.”
For once in his life, Sherlock actually wanted to sleep. Sleep would be an escape. A place he could forget and move on and try to pretend all of Christmas hadn’t happened. Perhaps in his dreams he could kiss John again.
Lestrade reached up to rub the back of his neck.
She shook her head. “He loves you. He might deny it. But he does. I promise. If you ask him in a straightforward manner and confess how you feel you’ll get your answer. But it doesn’t take a genius to see the way he looks at you.”
“You speak French?” Donovan said in surprise.
She rolled her eyes. “Watch this.” She made a point of waving at one of them and smiling. “How’s it going?”
I grunted. That did sound a bit like Sherlock. Showing off. But I couldn’t believe something like my approval really would mean all that much to him. Impressing me had been so easy for him at first, as it was with most people. But I’d gradually grown used to it, and I’d stopped reacting.
Sherlock spared him only a cursory glance, taking in his messy blonde hair and glittering blue eyes, moving further down to his well fitted gray shirt, tight jeans, and combat boots paired with a camo jacket he had slung over his shoulder. After a few seconds he willed himself to look away. He wouldn’t allow aesthetic appreciation to sway him.
“I’ll call him while you bandage my hand,” Sherlock said, already reaching for his phone.
The girl didn’t answer.
“So how old is she?” the woman asked conversationally.
“Because you’re a compassionate human being,” Greg supplied.
“Damn right.” They both chuckled.
Mycroft let the last two fall, barely pausing between the two.
Meanwhile, Sherlock had found himself a bit of trouble. After Mycroft had abandoned him, he had stood around before heading to the bar. He figured if he had to endure being around this many hormonal people, he may as well do it with the assistance of alcohol.
“Very smart!” she said. “Well, let me show you the models we have here.” She circled out from behind the counter and bustled down an aisle, not looking back to see if the two men would follow. They did, Greg taking the lead.
“Da!” Jackie shrieked, throwing a block towards Mycroft and ripping him out of his thoughts.
“Hi,” she said shyly, ducking her head.
“And who’s this?” she asked, smiling at Liz.
“Okay, here we go,” Marcia said and without any more hesitation leaned forward and stabbed the needle into his skin. Mycroft didn’t flinch, but Greg did. He dutifully watched as Marcia administered the stitches, holding strong to Mycroft’s hand.
“We’re almost there. It’s best to get it over with now and then you can hold onto her for as long as you want afterwards.”
“Thank you for telling me that, Sherlock. That was very strong and brave of you.”
“Science men, or so I thought.”
“Prick,” Sherlock muttered under his breath. “Doesn’t even really want to find a mate, for Christ’s sake.”
He took another mouthful as he watched Sherlock point the gun first at him, and then at himself. Mycroft drank more.  The buzz was starting to work its way out towards his fingers and toes. He felt the blackness creeping into the corners of his mind and relished the thought of it soon being blank.
“No, no, this is fine,” Mycroft allowed. “Although for future reference, I prefer single malt whiskey or a good cabernet sauvignon.”
“Oh dear,” Greg tutted as he took in the sight of Jackie. “Have you got a bulb syringe?”
“Do you need to use the washroom?” John asked her before leaving. She shook her head.
Sherlock pocketed his phone and picked up the violin that was resting in its open case. Placing it under his chin he slowly dragged the bow across the strings, allowing the low notes to guide his thoughts.
“Stop, please just stop, plea-“ she leaned over and threw up on Mycroft’s shoes. Mycroft grimaced slightly but did not let go.
“Yeah.”
“You daft sod,” Greg said, picking Jackie up and moving to sit on the edge of the bed. “Of course I felt something. We have a connection, Mycroft.” Greg leaned forward and without any hesitation kissed Mycroft. It wasn’t long, and it was rather innocent, and to Mycroft it was perfect. They pulled away after a moment, grinning at each other.
Mycroft poured two fingers for each of them and sat in his chair, handing one glass to Gregory.
“That was very generous of you,” Mrs. Hudson answered. “You’re in good hands,” she said, turning her attention to Liz. “Can I bring you boys up some biscuits?”
“Where to start, hmmm?” he asked Jackie, who looked around as if contemplating their dilemma.
“To keep her warm on the ride home. You’ll be wanting to find her proper clothes.”
“No, actually, um Mycroft’s had her for about six months now?”
“You thought? Where exactly did you find her, again?”
“No.”
“Five minutes ago. No. Just disappeared. I don’t know Mycroft, you know magic for God’s sake, you tell me!”
“Alright. I do like the idea, but I will stick to it as a punishment for now. We can discuss at a further date if necessary.”
“There is a small Italian place called Ben Nutriti that does a wonderful tiramisu.”
“Traffic light system,” Sherlock replied readily. “Red for stop, yellow for pause or slow down, and green for go.”
“My pleasure,” he responded sincerely, looking back once more at the sleeping detective before heading back to the sitting room to gather his coat. As he was pulling it on, he heard a key in the door. A moment later, Mycroft and Greg sauntered through the door, hand in hand.
“Okay, goodnight,” Sherlock mumbled, not opening his eyes.
It took John a moment to realize that the dark stain around Sherlock’s crotch and down his thighs was not mud, but rather urine.
Mycroft turned towards the door and saw both John and Sherlock standing in the doorway.
“What of it?”
“How are you feeling, Dr. Watson?” Dr. Witter asked quietly.
“Harry knows what he’s talking about,” John told her. “You’ll be fine. Don’t worry about that now, you’ve got loads of time to worry about it later.”
Liz, who hadn’t pulled her face out from John’s shoulder, shrugged.
“I’ll just be in the next room,” Mycroft said.
“It was one of the recommended developmental toys. How could I resist?”
“You won’t just hand them over, by any chance?” Mycroft asked sardonically.
“I would be honoured,” Sherlock answered, his voice tight as he smiled at her.
“Yes, well, family run businesses tend to have more original names,” Mycroft said. “Most of the stores in this town are local, family-owned stores. It’s a tourist attraction in the summer months but it dies down in the winter.”
“So Sherlock is your brother-in-law, then?”
“Mermaids it is,” John said jovially, reaching under the sink and pulling out a small tub of mermaid toys. He turned the water off, dipping his fingers into the three inches to test the temperature. Satisfied, he turned to Sherlock.
“Technically we don’t know if they were trying to kill me or kidnap me, and by extension, you. But no, it is better that my people do not come to our location; it lessens the chance of them being followed out of town and to the safehouse. The village is perfectly safe.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Holy moly it's been a while. I've been suuuuuuuper busy and wrote this to avoid writing three research papers, but everything will wrap up around the end of April so hopefully I'll be posting more regularly. I'm not sure where this story is going, it's kind of writing itself at this point. If there's anything you want to see or that you think would be a great idea, feel free to leave it in the comments. I may not take all/any of the ideas/suggestions, but they're nice to have. Thanks for reading!
“You were in London on business and we met when you were taking Jackie to the same park I took my kids to. You and I hit it off from there.”
“Stabbed in the abdomen, they got his lower intestine. He should be coming out of surgery soon.” The unspoken ‘if all goes well’ hung ominously in the room.
“Oy!” Greg covered Jackie’s ears. “Don’t want little ears hearing those words,” he addressed her.
Mycroft was starting to think about preparing a lunch for Jackie when an appalling smell hit his nose, prompting him to wrinkle it and lift Jackie quickly off his lap.
“I bad,” she murmured. “I bad, I bad, I-“ she pushed futilely at John’s arms, her eyes locking on the prone form. “Mommy!”
As they were walking out, Jackie kicked her legs and started to fuss, her face scrunching up.
Sara looked at him incredulously. “Really? You act like this is so normal.”
“Forced Homosexuality.”
“Vulnerable… you don’t trust me? Is it something I’ve done?”
“Hi, baby girl,” she said, moving towards them and beaming.
“Just respond instinctively,” Evangeline, their appointed couples therapist prompted.
“This is Liz,” John said. “I called a couple of days ago?”
That night, Liz was reluctant to change out of her robes and into her pajamas.
“Hello,” she murmured back, looking shyly up at Hermione.
“That colour really suits you,” the mirror told John.
“Now, will you come down for your birthday dinner? Mummy’s made your favorite.”
They walked hand in hand to the kitchen. When they got there, they saw Liz patiently waiting for them at the kitchen table, the three plates set in front of each chair.
“Yes, alright, Mycroft,” Sherlock ground out.
“I’m going to go make some toast. Will you be okay here with Sherlock for a few minutes?”
“We may have to talk about that later,” Greg replied. Mycroft hummed in agreement and, without any warning, cupped his hand around the back of Greg’s neck.
“Well, Jackie kind of screamed it when they entered the kitchen,” Greg chuckled.
“I’m curious,” Sherlock shrugged. “And bored. We both know that I enjoy pain to a certain extent, that’s evident from my reactions to any corporeal punishment I’ve experienced. I’d like to experiment and see how much and what kind I enjoy.”
“Forgiven, of course. And I apologize for not realizing exactly how tired you were. I will endeavor to listen to you more.”
“Quickly, if you please.” Mycroft could feel the blood steadily draining out of his leg, and spots were starting to dance. He focused on one point on the wall ahead of him, trying to maintain consciousness as he simultaneously watched over the scientist in front of him.
“Hi there,” a friendly looking dark haired boy sidled up beside them. “Mind if I join you here? I need a break.” Both Sherlock and Mycroft looked the boy up and down.
“He was going to infiltrate the lab where he found Jackie,” Greg huffed as they gently lowered him onto the bed.
“Oh?”
Greg was still seething, four hours later. He had put Jackie down to sleep about an hour ago and was now furiously scrubbing every surface in the kitchen in hopes of working out some of his anger and frustration. He couldn’t believe that Mycroft would leave and put his life in danger without thinking it through first. This line of thought led him to scrub even harder on the sink tap, which came off in his hand.
“Right,” Mycroft responded, looking at Jackie to avoid eye contact. Taking her hands in his, he bounced them up and down before laying a kiss on each.
“No,” Mycroft said. “You kill him and you won’t be getting anything from me.”
When she was done, Marcia put the needle and thread down on the bed. “Now we’re going to need to flip him,” she said. “I’ll grab his arm and hip, you push from behind, yeah?”
“Yes,” Mycroft contemplated his scotch for a moment before knocking it back and getting up to pour himself another. “More?”
“And she’s not taking it so well. Yeah, I can hear her over the line. Have you tried your usuals for soothing her?”
“Of course,” Greg said, raising one eyebrow in silent question.
“Sore,” Sherlock mumbled. John could tell it was still a little swollen, and Sherlock would have spectacular bruising around it the next day, but he figured he was alright leaving it for the night. Placing the ice pack on the bedside table, John spooned up next to Sherlock and wrapped his arms around him, holding him close and carding his hand through Sherlock’s curls as he fell asleep.
“Yes, sir.” Greg knew there was no point reminding him they weren’t technically related.
He was greeted with the sight of Sherlock on the sofa, Liz wrapped tightly in a blanket and curled up on his lap. He had a book in one hand and the other was wrapped protectively around Liz. She was fast asleep, nose buried in his chest and breath coming out in even puffs.
“She throwed a picture frame at me. After I made the pictures move. Whenever there was lights in my bed, she put me in the closet.”
“Love you too.”
“And what if you give an order that I’m incapable of following? Physically or mentally? Will you punish me for that? And what about when I’m physically too tired to go on. Why should I be punished simply because I’m physically exhausted from a long day at work?”
Their mother squealed. “Oh my goodness,” she cried, clasping her hands to her chest. “You’re going to move in together! Oh Mikey, that’s wonderful!”
“Need any help?” Greg asked as he crossed his arms.
"Stay" he told her firmly, positioning his gun in his hands and leaning around the corner, taking aim and firing at the guard. He watched as his bullet passed unerringly through the guard’s heart, a searing pain lancing his side as he watched the guard fall. Belatedly, he realized the guard had also fired and, lifting his arm, Mycroft noticed a graze along his ribs that was starting to bleed freely. "Great," he muttered, switching his gun to his injured side as he bent down and scooped up the child, propping her on his uninsured hip. The baby had not stopped crying but had tucked her thumb in her mouth and went with Mycroft without resistance.
John let that sink in for a moment. “What are we going to do about her?” he asked, looking over at Liz on the sofa.
“Sherlock. Greg. I have something to tell you.”  John steeled himself. “I’m… a wizard.” He looked up at them. “And I think Liz is too. It’s common for young witches and wizards to make things happen out of their control when they’re young.”
Liz shrugged again, picking up a crayon and aimlessly scribbling on a page in front of her.
They had started the process of moving into their new apartment a few days ago and were slowly but surely settling in. The movers had done most of the work, settling the big pieces of furniture and getting all the boxes sorted into the right rooms. And then Mycroft had descended, nitpicky and ordering everyone about. Greg had found it endearing at the beginning but was now starting to feel a little chafed.
“Wow, that looks like fun,” John said from behind them, laying a hand on Liz’s shoulder. “But, I think we’re about ready to go home. Maybe we’ll stop at Florean’s on our way out.”
“Seems harmless enough, mostly just a mixture of vitamins and immune system boosters. I’ll take a look at her and you should keep an eye on her, but I’m not too worried. Luckily, it seems to have actually helped.”
“I brought a gift for Liz,” Mycroft said, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a small box no larger than his palm. “Often, the day of adoption is recognized every year by the family. I thought I’d start the tradition.”
Mycroft dug his nails slightly into Greg’s scalp as he dragged his fingers through his dark hair.
“Although Sherlock is obnoxious, he is not wrong. You were tramping all over the crime scene and did kneel in the blood. You are dismissed.” The constable with Greg escorted the complaining tech off of the crime scene. Meanwhile, John had approached Sherlock with a tissue he had pulled out of his pocket.
“Leather clothing.”
“Can you stand for me, love?”
“Of course, magic is a good thing,” Sherlock clarified.
As John was turning to leave, Dr. Witter interrupted him.
“We should probably get going,” John said after an hour, looking at his watch. “Come on.”
“Ah, newly adopted?” she asked, smiling knowingly at them.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes in response and stalked over to a door across the room, revealing a closet.
“Sure, go see if you can find some that fit.”
“It’s quite warm outside,” John warned. Sherlock merely shrugged.
“No means never, a.k.a. a hard limit. Zero means I don’t like it but would do it if you really wanted to, a.k.a. soft limit. One means I’ll do it if you ask. Two means I’ll do it but it doesn’t have any particular positive effect on me. Three means I like it occasionally. Four means I like it and would like to experience it regularly. Five means it is incredibly pleasurable to me.”
“I’m very proud of her,” is all he said.
“And neither one of you ever feels like your partner isn’t giving you enough? Greg, do you ever go into subdrop? Or Mycroft, do you ever get overly antsy?”
“That means her sister is also off the table.” Mycroft pointed to an equally dark-haired woman approximately four years older.
“Bye bye,” Sherlock said sarcastically at his retreating form. Inwardly he exalted at having scared off a dom by himself. Taking a celebratory sip from his glass, Sherlock let it linger for a moment longer than strictly necessary.
“And if I want it to be like it was before? Just like it was before?”
“ ’M not a boy,” Greg grumbled, rubbing his face into Mycroft’s shoulder.
“Sherlock, come eat,” John tried again.
“She disappeared.” Sherlock blinked a few times, trying to clear his thoughts. “We were about to pour the vinegar when the beaker shattered in our hands. I got the brunt of it, but she got startled and disappeared. How do we find her, John?”
“Did you have a favourite book?”
“Alright, you’re forgiven,” John smiled and pressed their lips together.
“Sherlock, do you want to go get changed?”
“Really? What about favourite animal?”
“Hey,” Ron wrapped an arm around Rose. “This is Rose.”
“Mycroft,” John said flatly. Mycroft sighed.
“I can’t stop feeling guilty,” Greg admitted. “I think… I think I need you to punish me.”
“Very,” Greg sighed, wrapping his arms around Mycroft’s neck and his legs around his waist. Mycroft felt Greg’s muscles relax as he tucked his head into the crook of Mycroft’s neck. They stayed like that for a few minutes until Greg started getting cold and sticky.
This continued along the same way for almost half the list.
“Okay, it’s okay, we’re okay, I don’t blame you, I forgive you, it’s all okay,” Greg repeated over and over, even thought he didn’t really understand what Mycroft was talking about. He held Mycroft tighter than he ever had, resting his head on top of Mycroft’s and letting the tears that had built up in his eyes run silently into his hair. Mycroft calmed quicker this time and pulled away.
“’Kay.” Charlie did as instructed, wobbling slightly under the weight of the pot but managing to get it on the stove without spilling a drop.
“She was wrong,” John said confidently. “You are very good.”
“No?”
“Good, keeps us in food and tea so I can’t complain.”
“Forced Nudity in private.”
“It also says she hasn’t gotten her pokes yet,” John said, closing the folder and handing it back to Anthea. “We’ll need to do that pretty quickly.”
“Would you like to go outside or not?” Mycroft snipped back.
Hermione paused for a moment before pulling out a small card. “My mobile number. I’ve got a daughter, she’s about Liz’s age. Maybe, if she’s feeling up to it, we could all get together sometime.”
"She hasn't stopped crying," Mycroft commented as he handed her to Marcia so that he could remove his shirt. As soon as he lost contact with her, Jaclynn started panicking again, screaming and kicking and sobbing in Marcia's arms. Quickly Mycroft finished, taking Jaclynn back and bouncing her on his knees, trying to soothe her.
“It’s me,” John called through the door as Mycroft’s screen came to life, showing that it was indeed John. Opening the door, Mycroft greeted him with a tired smile.
“What do you mean?” John asked as he laid Rosie out on the mat.
“Okay, well, goodnight.”
“You know you’re allowed to talk, right?”
They ate in silence for a few minutes until their plates were mostly empty.
Liz concentrated on her paper, not answering the question.
"I seem to have found a secret room. I believe it's where the information is. I'm going in."
“Stop her!” John shouted, pointing at the woman they were pursuing. In short time they pulled even with her, and John reached out and grabbed the woman’s arm. “You’re under arrest!” he shouted, twisting her arm behind her back.
“So it has been decreed,” Greg said grandly, using his free hand to bat Mycroft’s hand away from the knot of his tie.
When they were done, Greg took both their dishes quickly washed them while Mycroft laid a changing mat on the table and changed Jackie’s nappy.
“Oh?” came Mycroft’s muffled reply.
“I know you’re scared, but I need you to tell me your name.” When he got no response, he changed tactics. “This isn’t your fault, okay? I know you’re scared. You’ve probably made things like this happen before, yeah? When you were scared or angry?”
“Sure.” John moved to the side to allow Mycroft to carefully toe his way inside. He leaned his umbrella on the wall by the door and continued inside, standing in front of the coffee table.
“Do you have a favourite food?”
“Okay, is there anything else I can do to help you?”
Mycroft audibly gulped, momentarily at a loss. He was usually the one in control, and was a little off put by Gregory’s directness. “Wh- I- um, of course I would. Now?”
As the elevator started ascending, Jaclynn shifted, rubbing her small face into Mycroft’s bare chest and suckling lightly at the skin there.
They were halfway through a Maury episode when Liz tugged on both their hands. John immediately turned down the volume on the telly, angling himself to show Liz she had his full attention.
“No the situation is pretty self-explanatory. Clearly it was an accident and no repercussions will be implemented. I’d suggest Liz see a psychologist. We’re lucky she didn’t become an Obscurial, and we need to take steps to ensure it doesn’t happen.” Hermione looked at John gravely for a moment, making sure he understood the severity of the situation. “We’ll take care of everything else on the Magic and Muggle side.” She scrutinized them for a minute. “This is a lot for you two to take on,” she said carefully. “I just want to make sure you understand, as of right now we are not looking for alternative arrangements in terms of Liz’s guardianship.”
“So… Did you want to gather Rosie tonight or pick her up tomorrow morning?”
“Well, if you’re planning on keeping her, do you want me to be her GP? Since I’m yours and your brothers?” John asked Mycroft.
Liz picked up a different crayon and scribbled some more on her paper.
“Okay,” John said, chuckling. “I’m going to try the paddle now. Ready?”
“Yes, quite.”
“Okay.” They rode for another ten minutes until they pulled up to their flat.
“How about you go get changed? Do you want Sherlock to help you?”
“Mmm, fixed it before you could notice,” John smiled at him.
“Yeah,” John answered, picking up Liz and carrying her out the door. Although she had started to put on weight, she was still the size of a large toddler, and was barely a strain on John. Sherlock followed slowly behind, eyes glued to the wizards who were wiping the Muggles memories.
He did without hesitation, handing the papers and pen over to Sherlock. Sherlock leaned forward and placed the papers on the coffee table, signing them with a flourish and capping the pen. John marveled at how such a small action could be so significant. With a few marks of pen, they had adopted another person permanently into their lives.
“Of course,” John said. “Thank you, again, for looking after her.”
“Sherlock, what are you doing on your phone?” John asked finally, irritated that Sherlock wasn’t paying attention.
“That wasn’t really his place to do,” John mumbled, continuing at a more normal level, “but we have just legally adopted you, so we are responsible for you now. That’s okay, right?”
Greg spun on his heel, just missing Sherlock reaching out and taking John’s blanket-wrapped hand in his own. He stalked towards his police cruiser, but was stopped by Sally.
“Her blocks, the animal figurines and of course the stuffed police dog, please.”
“Because this is a medical check up between doctor and patient. Now get out.” John slapped Sherlock lightly on the bum. “And take Jackie with you.”
Liz stared at him for a few more moments before reluctantly letting go.
Greg helps mycroft start to cope.
“Sorry,” John said waving his hand. “That was just amazing.” A giggle escaped through his tightly pursed lips. Sherlock felt a chuckle escape from him and soon both he and John were overcome by giggles as they walked away, hand in hand, from the crime scene.
“Thirteen. She’s a bit small,” Mycroft answered.
“It’s been a long day,” Mycroft whispered, looking down at her. “Sleep now, my love.” Going into the living room, he rooted through some bags before finding the baby monitors he had purchased. Quickly inserting the batteries, he turned them on and moved back to the bedroom, placing one on the floor by the bed. Taking the matching one, he moved back into the living room and stretched out on the couch. He had only gotten a few hours of sleep the night before and was starting to feel the exhaustion of a busy day. Moments later he fell asleep, baby monitor still clutched in his hand.
“You’re crying,” he said guiltily, trapping a tear on the edge of his finger.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I won’t in public, but I can when we get home,” Mycroft offered ominously. Sherlock grumbled but didn’t make another comment.
“Not. Interested.”
“Well, are you going to be staying at your house, John? And what about Sherlock? He can’t very well stay in 221B at the moment.”
“You are not watching me urinate.”
“Maybe not,” Sherlock murmured, moving to put the robes back.
Mrs. Hudson and John re-entered the living room at around the same time, armed with tea and biscuits. They all sat and chatted, Mrs. Hudson telling Sherlock and John all the gossip she had garnered from her weekly bridge meet. Liz sat quietly, nibbling on a chocolate biscuit.
“Good. Isn’t that good, Sieger?”
Sherlock grumbled under his breath while nuzzling back into the nape of John’s neck.
“I won’t ask,” Greg said. “Confidential, right?” Smiling, he leaned his arm across the back of the sofa, leaning closer to Mycroft and putting his hand on Mycroft’s leg comfortingly. He looked earnestly into Mycroft’s startled eyes, squeezing where his hand rested.
“Okay,” she said. Her feet were dragging as she walked down the street and after a few steps, she stopped and pulled on John’s hand.
“Can you wave to Marcia?” Greg asked Jackie, demonstrating. Jackie tentatively waved her hand up and down, head burrowing shyly into Greg’s shoulder.
“I eat when I need to,” Mycroft told him distantly.
“Father,” Mycroft greeted.
“So, is there anything else you can tell me?” Greg asked when the silence had become unbearably heavy.
“Do you think that’s something that you’ll be able to get over, or should we pause here for the night?”
“Needed it for a case once. Never got around to throwing it out.”
“Do you need to go with him? I could give you a ride home.”
“I just know these things,” he said, small smile still on his lips. “I think you and your team could be helpful to me. I treat my employees well.” She was clearly considering his offer. “Either way, I will have your clavicle looked at. And your nose. Probably should have your stomach looked at too. Sorry about that.”
They sat together, letting one episode roll into the next. John kept glancing down at Liz and, although she had a small furrow between her brows, she seemed happy enough to sit and watch telly.
A loud whoosh interrupted them and a bright flash came from the fireplace. Liz scrambled off the sofa and ran to the opposite corner of the room. Sherlock stood slowly, watching as a woman stepped from the fireplace. He moved so that he was between Liz and the fireplace.
“So what? You need this, Mycroft. Don’t stop until you’re ready to. You need to get all the sad out. That’s how you start to heal.” Greg took his hand from Mycroft’s and cupped his face instead. With his thumb, he wiped away one of tears still coursing down his cheek.
“She looks good, a lot healthier than last time I saw her,” Marcia said, smiling up at Greg.
Hi guys, thank you so much for reading! This may the last story in this story, or there may be one more, and then I'll be doing one-shots as serrate stories in the series after that. I'm kind of at a loss at where to go from here, I'm thinking children, but if anyone has something specific they'd like to see, please feel free to comment.
“This is therapy,” Evangeline answered with a raised brow.
John hummed in agreement. ”Well, as I’m sure Marica told you, no weight on the leg for at least a week, especially since we only did superficial stitches. She said nothing internal was hit but better to be too cautious than not cautious enough. Lots of rest and relaxation, fluids and nourishment, the usual. She left you a bottle of pain relievers there, let me know if you need the prescription refilled.”
“Hello beautiful, were you quiet so that daddy and papa could get more sleep this morning?” he asked as he lifted her out of the cot. He checked her nappy. “Ah, looks like we need a nappy change.” He laid her down on the changing table and unsnapped her onesie, changing her nappy with a practiced ease. Snapping her back into the onesie, Mycroft moved out to the sitting room, Jackie in his arms.
“Did she just say what I thought she said?” he asked.
“Okay, okay,” John chuckled, taking the jumper and quickly pulling it over his head. “Let’s go.” Sherlock swept out of the bedroom like a tornado, collecting his coat and scarf on the way out and flying through the door. Collecting his coat, John followed Sherlock out the door and locked it behind them. Sherlock was already hailing a cab, arm imperiously in the air. In no time a cab had pulled up to the kerb and Sherlock slid gracefully in, John sliding in behind him. Sherlock fired off an address and the cab pulled into traffic. The ride was quick and quiet, both men caught up in their own thoughts.
“Of course he does,” John murmured.
“Well, it’s an option, regardless,” Mycroft said. “I won’t leave you, Sherlock. I’ve always been looking out for you, and location won’t change that.”
“Unfortunately, yes,” Mycroft admitted somewhat reluctantly. “Does she need a change?” he asked, switching the subject.
“I hear ya, I finished training at New Scotland Yard last year and it was crazy.” Greg took a pull of his beer. “So, what’s the illustrious government position you’re training for?”
“You too.” He closed the door quietly behind him.
“Yes, we can have tea. And chocolate biscuits. Because you’re being so good.”
“Thank you.”
“Where were you going to bring us, then?” Mycroft asked.
“No, I’ll just hold her for right now,” John answered back, wrapping his arms more firmly around her.
“No, I won’t!”
“Safe now,” Mycroft said, closing his eyes again.
“And God, am I grateful every day for it,” John said reverently, leaning down so he could kiss Sherlock gently on the lips. Sherlock melted into the kiss, humming happily. John pulled away after a moment.
“Stop being a drama queen and get in the car,” Mycroft said with a roll of his eyes.
“Hello Jackie,” Greg said softly, leaning down so that he would be on the same eye level as her. “She’s gorgeous.”
“How indeed?” They continued to eat in silence, watching Jackie occupy herself. When they had both finished, Greg scooped up their bowls and washed them in the kitchen while Mycroft fed Jackie in the sitting room.
Sherlock’s arms wrapped around John’s shoulders and his face landed on top of John’s head. He curled as close to John as he could and just breathed, a long shaky sigh puffing over John’s hair.
“Do you know where the rest of your team is right now?”
“Sherlock,” he heard John’s voice dimly, but didn’t notice any speakers in the room that could be the source of the voice. “Sherlock?” he heard again. Slowly he came out of his Mind Palace, the notes he was absently playing on the violin petering out. He opened his eyes.
They left the room and the door clicked shut behind them.
Greg went a little pale. “Well, I don’t know about husband,” he spluttered.
“Thank you,” Greg said, taking the carrier and car seat as Mycroft reached for the dog. “Have a good day.”
“Take a left here,” one of the men behind them said, and they did, ending up in a dead-end alley.
Sherlock’s breath caught and he paused for a moment. “Can I come with you?”
When he was done, Mycroft scooped her up and sat her in the crib momentarily. “How is that?” he asked as he leaned his arms against the crib’s bar, resting his head on his crossed arms. Jackie flailed her arms, knocking herself onto her back. She looked startled for a moment and then looked around her from her new vantage point, kicking her legs in the air. “Close enough to approval for me,” Mycroft said, scooping the baby up and going to the kitchen. On their way, Jackie’s stomach grumbled perceptibly. “Snack time it is,” Mycroft said, bouncing her a few times before sitting her on the counter in the kitchen. He started digging through the bags, finding a bottle and a tin of formula. “I’ll just make you up a bottle and-“ a thought occurred to him, stopping him in his tracks. “Have you begun eating solids yet?” Starting back into motion, he finished making the bottle absently and sat at the kitchen table with it, sitting Jackie on his lap and offering her the bottle one handed. She wrapped both her hands around it, helping him support it. With his other hand, Mycroft did a quick internet search. “It says here that some pediatricians think you should start to wean at 12 months. You don’t seem to be weaned yet, so we’ll have to get started on that shortly. Oh and you should start on solid food. Good thing I bought some baby food, isn’t it? Well, we’ll give that a go next mealtime, shall we?” Jackie had been happily sucking at the bottle, not needing Mycroft’s help supporting it. When she finished it she dropped it, sending it rolling across the floor and into the feet of one consulting detective.
“I will, in fact,” Greg said. “And I won’t stand any more arguing about it. Just because I said I love you doesn’t mean I’m not still angry at you,” Greg said, giving him a pointed look.
“Really? That’s not what people usually say.”
“Forced nudity around others, one. I would do it in front of Greg and Mycroft, but only if you really wanted it. I would not do it around anyone else, and it is not something that I find attractive or arousing.”
Mycroft finds out some information from the woman.
John looked confused and a little hurt. “No, of course not. Like I said a minute ago, those three were being asses and needed to be told.”
Tears started coursing down Liz’s cheeks as she nodded weakly. John wrapped an arm around Liz and pulled her close. Sherlock looked on for a moment before awkwardly patting her back.
“I had an idea,” John admitted, petting Sherlock’s hair.
“There’s always something,” Sherlock mumbled.
Thank you so much for reading! I feel I should mention I do not have a child, so there's a lot of googling happening for the milestones and stuff, so if it's wrong, apologies. Enjoy!
Sherlock closed his eyes in defeat.
“Someone’s grumpy in the morning,” he crooned as Jackie eagerly sucked down the bottle, grabbing onto it with both hands. Glancing at the clock, Mycroft was surprised to note that it was 6:00 a.m. Both he and Jackie had passed out for the entire night. Mycroft was interrupted in his thoughts by a knock on the door. It was very rare that Mycroft have visitors, and he was hesitant to answer the door with a baby in his arms. Reluctantly, Mycroft approached the door and tapped the LED screen in the wall, turning on the camera aimed at his front door.
“Oh, hey Mycroft,” he said softly, looking down to make sure Jackie was still asleep. “How’d it go?” Sitting up slowly, Greg lifted Jackie and handed her over to Mycroft.
“That’s good. Did you eat a lot of eggs and toast before you moved in with them?”
“John,” Sherlock answered shortly.
“I’m not sure I understand,” Mycroft said.
Sorry that it's been so long, this fic is not abandoned, I promise! Between this and another multi-chapter fic, as well as graduating from University, road tripping, looking for a flat across the country and getting ready to move to said flat, my life has been a little hectic. Please accept this extra-long chapter as my way of saying "I'm still here!"
“I’m going to infiltrate the compound.”
“Yes, well that’s part of the reason we infiltrated it,” Mycroft answered. “This is of the highest security, and I would thank you not to go repeating what you hear in this room, Detective Inspector.”
“Okay, up over my knee now,” John said, pulling away and sitting on the edge of the bed. “You’re not being punished, so you don’t need to count. Just enjoy it, love.”
“Liz, I know this may be hard, but I need you to answer. Did your mummy hit you because of things you couldn’t control?”
Liz shook her head.
“Of course not,” Sherlock cupped John’s face in his hands. “You think I would be so boring?”
“Oh Mycroft,” Greg breathed, taking the glass and placing it to the side. He put his hand on top of on of Mycroft’s and, when he wasn’t shaken off, wrapped the other arm around his back in a one-sided hug. Mycroft stiffened but didn’t move away. He cried for a few more moments before trying to gain control of his breathing.
“It’s practically noon and you just got off work? You must be exhausted.”
Thank you for reading, kudos and comment at your leisure!
“Well that’s cool,” Greg chimed in, tucking Jackie safely against himself as the bookcase slid closed behind him. Through the bookshelf, he heard the front door splinter under the weight of a battering ram. Swearing softly, he picked up his pace as he followed Mycroft down a stairwell and to a waiting car at the back of the building.
Liz shrugged.
“Nothing out of the ordinary, thankfully,” Mycroft said, putting the new nappy on. Just as he was finishing, his mobile rang. Fishing it out of his pocket, Mycroft glanced at the screen. “Duty calls,” he said by way of explanation. “The linens are in the closet at the end of the hall, and I will be in the study. It is the first door on the right. I do have to ask that you avoid entering the room unless it is a matter of emergency. I will hopefully be out in time for supper.” He didn’t bother giving instructions on how to care for Jackie; in the interactions he had seen, Gregory was more than capable of handling her.
“Is there anything else that can’t wait for a bit? I think we need to take a break,” Sherlock said.
“Ms. Granger and I are working on it,” Mycroft said tersely.
“Scotch?” Mycroft asked, moving to a sideboard and revealing a hidden liquor cabinet.
The D.I. nodded, simultaneously happy that the case was solved and that Sherlock and John would be going home to deal with whatever the hell it was they had to deal with. “Okay, we’ll take a look and let you know.”
“Watch your tone,” his father warned from beside his mother.
“Looks good,” John said finally, giving her belly a tickle. She giggled and squirmed in Sherlock’s hands. “Give Mycroft his baby back, Sherlock,” John said. “We’ll see you two in a few days so that I can check on both of you again, alright?” John asked.
John looked over towards the fireplace and saw Hermione stepping out of the fireplace, Rose following quickly behind and Ron bringing up the rear.
“Yeah but together we are a force so cute even you can’t resist.”
“Come on, it’s time for breakfast.”
“I will not stop, this is ridiculous!”
They were at the local grocer again, picking up more food and other essentials, and picking up a DVD at Gregory’s insistence. He had mentioned something earlier about relaxing on the sofa with a good movie. Mycroft was again pushing the cart while Greg loaded it up.
“I’m… I shouldn’t have said that,” Sherlock said softly.
“Yeah, I like a little bit of pain but not a lot. I can tolerate it, though, which is why I said it could be used as punishment.”
Mycroft deliberated for a moment. Although he didn’t feel necessarily comfortable punishing his sub when he didn’t feel he deserved it, he also knew it was something that Greg needed.
“Who do you want to sleep with tonight? Puppy, bear or bee?”
“What are you doing here?” Sherlock tried to sneer as they approached him.
“Da!” she said, trying to lean forward and touch Mycroft.
Unsurprisingly, she didn’t answer. Mycroft sighed, rolling the sleeves of his dress shirt up to his elbows. He had already gotten rid of his jacket and waistcoat when he had arrived at the warehouse.
“May as well, as long as you don’t mind listening to the incessant drivel that is children’s programs.”
Liz shook her head.
Liz shrugged, but then replied. “Eggs and toast.”
“Great. It will be like a holiday Jus’ you, me, and a baby. Pretending to be a family.”
“Quidditch is a wizarding sport,” Rose pitched in from Ron’s side, leaning forward so she could see Liz. “There’s a beater, a seeker, chasers and a keeper. Dad and I play in the yard sometimes, but there’s only two of us so it doesn’t work as well.”
“The park?”
Liz shook her head.
“Likewise, if there are any emergencies I will have my phone on me at all times.”
“Definitely going to be drinking tonight,” Greg mumbled, turning to get his crew back into the flat.
“Oh,” he said, patting the hand that was at his navel. Liz unsnaked her arms after a moment and Mycroft turned to see her properly. “Take care of your fathers, alright?”
“Shall we?”
“Thank you, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft said a little unevenly. John looked at him for a moment, seeing a lot more emotion than he had ever seen on Mycroft’s face. Nodding once, John turned on his heel and stalked out of the flat.
She nodded again.
The boy stood with his mouth half open before clicking it shut. “That was amazing.”
"Not too soon, I hope. Bye, sir. Good luck." With a wave, Mycroft jogged to the waiting car and climbed in, letting his head fall against the headrest.
“No, of course not.” John ached to reach out and wrap her in his arms.
Greg was just coming out of his room when he spotted Mycroft through the partially ajar door of his own room. The man had his shirt unbuttoned and was standing beside the bed, leaning over Jackie as he got her dressed. Greg, throwing all caution to the wind, crossed the hall to Mycroft’s room and nudged the door all the way open, leaning against the doorframe.
“Da?” she asked.
“That’s good to hear. And John, you feel you’re getting everything you need from Sherlock?”
"I believe that's my line," Mycroft drawled, an eyebrow raising elegantly as he thumbed the safety on the gun. The woman’s eyes darted quickly between the gun, Mycroft's face, the child and the workbench.
“You’re always welcome to join in,” Mycroft told him, gesturing to the floor beside him.
“I think this is it,” he said, turning to Greg with a smile. They were standing at the large windows lining the wall, overlooking the skyline of London.
“You try,” Greg said, offering the syringe to Mycroft. Mycroft took it, switching places with Greg. He put a hand soothingly on Jackie’s stomach and gently inserted the syringe, allowing it to fill with mucous and then emptying it onto the handkerchief. “Good,” Greg praised. “And it looks like she’s starting to calm down.” It was true; Jackie was gazing at them both unblinkingly but had stopped crying.
“Good thinking,” Greg said, scooping Jackie off the bed and holding her close. “She really is beautiful,” he said, brushing a bit of hair off her forehead.
“Are you hungry?”
“Amusing, brother dear,” Mycroft drawled. “However, she is not interested in males.”
“I know a few people who have done it, with only a few accidents, but let me see if there’s a particular daycare I can find. I’d also suggest trying to get her to talk to you. She seems to trust you already, maybe she’ll talk to you more than she’ll talk to me.”
“As Mycroft says, it makes up for my sour personality.” Sherlock picked at the hem of his suit jacket.
“As you should,” Hermione agreed. “I’ll be in touch to follow up.”
“I didn’t want to be a bother,” Greg mumbled.
“It was very nice to meet you,” she said beaming at all of them. “Maybe Liz can come over and play sometime?”
“Quite. Well, shall we go get ready?” Mycroft asked, aiming the question at both Jackie and Lestrade.
“Just gone upstairs, but he’ll be leaving quickly,” he told her, knowing she wouldn’t really understand. Tapping on his chest, Jackie pointed down to the ground.
“Sure,” Charlie said, hopping off his bench.
“Which one do you want to be in?” Sherlock asked, putting his arm around her shoulders.
Mycroft tries to build Jackie's crib, and John and Sherlock stop by unexpectedly.
“Yes, sir. You know, Jaclynn is a bit of a long name for everyday use, don’t you think?”
“As I was saying,” his mother continued drily with a raised eyebrow “there is an important matter we must discuss with you.” Mummy took a fortifying breath.
“Mandated therapy,” Mycroft corrected.
“I’m a busy man,” Mycroft answered.
This one is a bit of a shorter one, but we're getting near the end here, folks! Only a few chapters left!
“Dominant, failing all her uni classes, dating someone outside the experiment on the side, not worth your time,” Mycroft rattled off to Sherlock, completely ignoring the girl.
Frustrated, he grabbed two pieces and tried to slot them together; they were half a centimeter off and wouldn’t fit together. Huffing in frustration, Mycroft picked up another slat and tried to fit it to both of the previous slats, to no avail. Growling, he scooped up one last one and jammed it into another slat, and it was a perfect fit. Shouting in triumph, Mycroft held the two pieces aloft. “Look, Jackie, I am smarter than this stupid piece of furniture!” Looking over, Mycroft was greeted with the sight of an abandoned pile of blocks, no baby in sight.
It was a few days later that Mycroft and Jackie were lounging on the sofa after a productive morning of eating, playing and eating some more. Jackie was cradled carefully in Mycroft’s lap, playing happily with a ring of plastic keys, teddy sat faithfully at her side. Mycroft occasionally bounced his knees, jangling the keys with the hand not holding Jackie in place.
“Yes, of course,” Mycroft murmured indulgently, standing. “Wait right here,” he said.
“Do you want to go to sleep?”
“Because you are after my child and I do not appreciate it.” He scrutinized the woman for a moment. “How much are they paying you?”
“Chocolate cake,” Sherlock responded.
“So what now?” he asked quietly as Mycroft pulled out of their parking spot and onto the road.
“Telly?” Sherlock asked, picking up the remote and turning it onto a children’s program. Liz nodded, burrowing further into the sofa and drawing her knees up, resting her chin on them.
"John," Sherlock muttered. "I believe we might find more satisfaction in removing our trousers and pants. Or had you planned to simply rut upon each other while clothed?"
"Cor, I…I suppose more often I've fantasized about top," John said with a shake of his head. "But were you to want that I'd be more than happy—"
“Would you…like me to show you?” John asked.
John froze, standing in the doorway just a moment. Sherlock waited patiently, and sure enough the doctor was soon turning around to shoot him a glare.
“Yes,” Donovan said. “Got out of any punishment for it too…said that someone had told her they were going to be doing figure drawing and needed nude models…had texts and everything to back it up too. But then of course…the rumor was she’s doing a few of the members of the staff. Wouldn’t really surprise me to be honest.”
Molly shrugged. “All types. I don’t think that matters all that much to him. I’d say if I had to guess anything he likes intelligence. But maybe there’s something else too. Not sure.”
"Do you not have anything?" John asked, voice rising in his surprise.
Sherlock was scowling at the pavement by the time he got downstairs. The detective didn’t even bother looking at him. Merely set about hailing a cab.
Irene eyed him carefully. "He'd come after me."
“Define normal,” Sherlock said.
John hesitated a moment before leaning in to lick at the left one. Sherlock’s breathing was becoming harder now. He wondered how much more the man could take. After all, someone as inexperienced as Sherlock had to be pretty sensitive. He moved over to the right, kissing it before taking it in his mouth and giving a light suck.
“No one,” Sherlock snapped.
To make matters worse, when he went over to talk to her by the punch bowl, hoping perhaps it was a mistake, she looked completely uninterested.
“God, she’s gorgeous,” Lestrade said with a sigh. He smiled as he let his eyes run over her.
Molly had been looking forward to the party all week. When Mary had suggested going in spite of Mycroft’s instructions, Molly had to admit she was intrigued. Perhaps it was possible. After all, most evenings Mycroft was either off running the government, or he was deeply buried in his own work at home. So regardless, it seemed plausible to be able to sneak out.
The consulting detective ignored his question. He looked over whatever had been sent and tucked it back away, stalking back over to the table.
Irene’s jaw clenched. “I’m trying.”
“What?” Sherlock said, raising an eyebrow. It was rare for Mrs. Hudson to lose her temper, especially at him. She normally had all the self-control in the world. Understandable, given her background.
But before he could tell his brother he’d made up for his mistake, there was a harsh buzzing noise. He looked down at the phone.
“What is it? Was that Sherlock?”
Donovan rolled her eyes and turned away.
The kiss he’d shared in front of Irene Adler seemed ages ago, but still the memory was there, lingering in perfect detail in his mind. John’s frozen lips against his. John’s body stiffening a bit and then relaxing as they leaned closer. John’s taste, John’s scent, John’s breathy sighs.
Sherlock was frozen, face still stony. "You said you weren't gay."
“Well…no,” Lestrade admitted. “But…I will!”
“If I didn’t know any better I’d say you want to get rid of me,” I said as he we headed up the stairs.
“No, because it’s a duplicate that I had made, into which you’ve just entered the numbers one oh five eight,” Sherlock said, snatching it from her hand.
He groaned but did as he was asked. There was an immediate temptation to just ignore her, but the whole point of this was to get her to talk, not to pleasure himself or Sherlock.
Lestrade shifted nervously in his seat as the secretary kept typing away at her screen. He wasn’t sure why she hadn’t looked up.
Molly turned to stare at Sherlock fiercely, waiting until the door closed again before speaking.
John blinked a few times, almost certain he’d misheard.
“Oh my god, what have you done? Are you all right?” Lestrade demanded.
“Er…sort of…Sherlock it’s…”
“Fifty-seven,” he said. “Fifty-seven of those texts-the ones I’ve heard.”
She swore loudly and shook her head, staring down at the mess before glancing up with her beautiful intelligent eyes.
“Good morning,” John was saying as he came down the stairs.
He offered a half smile at her words. That was his Molly. Always so hopeful. It was quite foolish, but somehow he was unable to stop himself from having a little hope. Perhaps Molly had a point.
“Sherlock, so good to see you back,” Angelo said, setting a candle on the table without even asking. “What can I get you two tonight?”
The kiss felt different than the others before. More sloppy and raw and passionate. John’s mouth opened a fraction and his tongue came into play. Sherlock felt heat building at the mere thought of where this might lead…but at the same time the tang of alcohol in the kiss was distracting.
Irene jerked up from the bed to the sound of her phone ringing. She groaned and managed to extricate herself from Kate’s tight embrace, sliding out of the sheets to go and grab her mobile. She stared down at the number for just a moment before steeling herself and answering.
“I’d been thinking…”
"Tell him you're alive," he snapped.
Well, she could hope at least. She leaned back, ready for the show to begin.
“Not everything is possible to deduce, John,” Sherlock said. “I still haven’t cracked the code on her phone.”
I nodded and set the bags down to go turn the blasted thing off. I hoped she didn’t notice my eyes were a bit wet. But being Mary, she obviously did.
“Last night you made a dinner of bacon and eggs,” Sherlock stated.
“Get some sleep, John. You go have a chat with Sherlock tomorrow—actual talking included—and we’ll sort it all out.”
“Hmm.” Sherlock said, not answering. By the way his eyes had focused back on the window, John suspected he’d gone back into his mind palace.
“Obviously,” she said, raising an eyebrow. “I would have left you ages ago if I’d thought so, John. You’re far too interested in me to be solely into men. But that doesn’t change what I’ve seen in your eyes over the years when you’ve talked about him, or visited his grave, or looked at his picture.”
Another chapter! Warnings- masturbation, and some BDSM for Miss Adler. As always, I’ll say I’m not usually a graphic smut writer, but I want people to be warned either way.
But he’d paused to look at the phone, peering down at it. Though again he appeared to not answer, the principle was the important thing. Irene Adler was worthy of ignoring music for. Irene Adler was interesting enough to leave a piece unfinished. Irene Adler was the one Sherlock appeared to like and be interested in and potentially want to have sex with and—
Donovan looked to the next boy. “What about you, Sebastian?”
"Solved the case," Sherlock said with a frown.
He wondered if Mycroft was reaching for his migraine medication by now. Most likely.
Jim eyed her and smiled again. “Perhaps. Will you be there?”
“Then what have you done with it?” Irene asked. “If they’ve guessed you’ve got it, they’ll be watching you.”
“Thrilling you’ve been counting,” Sherlock muttered.
“I’m not sure,” she said. “Theories abound you must understand, but I don’t know for certain. Most just think he became tired of being a decent person….”
“As I asked, date Sherlock Holmes. Might even make it worth your while. Sure the bills are stacking up with Harriet. Could probably use some extra money.”
She’d been wandering London’s streets. All of her safe houses had been discovered. Her few contacts were becoming more limited as Moriarty’s terror grew. At this point where did she have left to hide?
"Deal's changed since you decided to play hide and seek with me. I want your whole phone."
The man wandered off, leaving Sherlock a chance to look at John again, admire his eyes and his slight smile.
Thanks to power0girl for commenting! Thanks to all who have kudoed, commented, subscribed, and bookmarked. Hope you enjoyed this chapter. Positive comments are always appreciated!
John had a moment of weakness and pictured Sherlock naked with nothing but antlers on. He shook off the thought and quickly chimed in,
For a moment he lingered, looking at her. What more could there be? But of course, those glittering eyes assured him of her intentions. He already knew then.
“There now, that wasn’t so hard was it?”
Molly just looked at him and sighed. She looked up at Mycroft again, though it was clear she had no real defense to offer.
Sherlock’s only distraction from making a quick retort was noting that Watson was observing as well. He was folding his arms with a smirk, grinning from ear to ear as he looked at the damage. Sherlock looked away and grabbed for his phone. He pressed call and held it up to his head, counting the rings before there was an answering click.
“Sherlock,” I said.
“Where do you get that idea?” Sherlock muttered sarcastically.
Irene bit her lip. "Fine, I'll get it for you. Just give me a few days."
“Fine, you’re right. Let’s bloody well get it over with.”
“So how do you acquire this information?” Sherlock asked.
“Please,” he said again, eyes opening to look down at John. “I beg of you. Finish. I…I need it…I need
I spun to see his form amongst the trees, hidden a bit in the shadows, but there nonetheless. Sherlock. I could barely breathe.
“Come on,” Mary urged. “It won’t be so hard. He’ll be busy in his office and we can walk right out the front door.”
He took a moment to think about what he was going to say. But after a moment, he finally found the right words.
Sherlock’s hands had moved to his belt even as he continued to move to the beat. He undid the latch. He pulled the material out in a slow whisper, again throwing it into the crowd, even as his fingers moved to the button and zip of his trousers.
“From what you’ve just told me, it sounds as though John is a disadvantage,” Sherlock said. “Moriarty’s plan and all.”
“You’re saying she’s a slut?” Lestrade asked.
“So who can tell me what they thought of
John wasn’t interested. He had been fussing over Jeanette all evening. His fourth girlfriend in half a year. That was what John wanted. Some pretty woman. Someone to one day marry and have a semi-normal relationship with…have children and a little house and a loving family… John would never want him.
Mycroft hung up without another word. John put the phone down.
Irene settled back in her chair again, eyes flashing between the two of them. Her smile had only grown in the last minute, but thankfully she did clarify what she meant.
John sighed and pulled away from Sherlock’s mouth, nipping at one of his lips as he withdrew. He gazed up into the detective’s eyes for a moment, taking in the dilated pupils. Well, that was a good sign if nothing else. At least his body was responding.
He eyed the man. “Then why don’t you ask for it.”
“Sherlock…”
His eyes caught on Sherlock Holmes, noting the lithe muscles of his chest and legs, the flexible way he bent to touch his toes.
“Do you think you’ll be seeing her again?” John asked.
The doctor gave a small curse, something about his imagination. Then the door closed, and he was left in peace once more. He opened his eyes and glanced towards it to make sure, noticing the coat hanging there. To his surprise a soft noise echoed from the coat pocket, but whatever it was he didn’t have the energy to get up.
They pulled up at a power station outside of London. John stepped out of the car, frowning as he examined his surroundings.
“Thank you darling,” Irene murmured, allowing Kate to wrap her up before moving to kiss her lips. “You should have joined me.”
“Well regardless it makes no sense,” Sherlock muttered. “He didn’t show the slightest interest in me until today.”
“I meant every word,” he admitted. “I love you, John. So much. I’d be lost without you.”
“Please,” she said after a moment. “I gave you what you needed. You can pretend all you like that it’s a weakness, but you want love as much as I do. And I gave that to you. Without me you would have never seen it.”
He asked her a few questions, but like Anthea she seemed pretty tight lipped. Managed to wrestle out her name (Veronica) and that she was in fact already in a relationship. Well, wasn't that just marvelous. Otherwise most of the drive was silent.
“Um…” Lestrade swallowed. “What does…that tell us?”
“Sure,” Sherlock said, even as he changed the sound back to a normal text alert.
She watched as Sherlock buttoned up his shirt again. It was an irresistible sight, but even though she was interested, her heart wasn’t really in it. Of course, the answer why still pressed at her mind. An answer she’d decided to just ignore.
"Just the usual stuff," Irene said.
“You have a month,” Moriarty said. “If I don’t have it by then…say goodbye to Miss Howard.”
Lestrade’s eyes bugged out. “Really? What, he off at that bird’s place again? Can’t believe they’re actually going out.”
They stopped at a large house, leaving Lestrade a bit more in awe of the Holmes family than he had been before.
And so, I swallowed my pride and headed over to Baker Street, trying to rehearse in my head what I’d say if Sherlock reacted badly.
Like previous chapters, some sections of dialogue have been stolen from “A Scandal in Belgravia” but some bits and pieces will deviate from the original.
He looked over to a group in the corner of the cafeteria. Lestrade noted they all were well dressed and appeared to be engrossed in work rather than much social interaction.
“I told you,” Irene said, lips curling. “I
“There’s an elder brother who’s old enough to care for them. From what I’ve heard he’s the worst of the lot,” Donovan said. “And he’s the one who’s enforced a no dating rule for Molly and Sherlock both. I would steer clear of her if I were you. It’d only be trouble.”
“I’m not providing you with any drugs, Billy,” Sally said firmly. “As though I could afford that on my record.”
“Of course,” Sally said. “No one’s perfect, correct? Been clean a while I believe. But he was gone a few months last year for rehab. Everyone knows it.”
“I don’t know how much more of this I can take,” Kate complained as she lounged back on the bed again.
"I can't," she said.
So if I'm calculating correctly there should be one more chapter left. Now, that's provided I think I have enough time to wrap it all up, which might end up proving impossible with these two idiots. I'd say max two though (I really really hope I'm not miscalculating on that one…). But the end is nigh!
He frowned and grabbed his bag. Well, so much for a warm welcome. He’d just have to hope he could find his way around.
"Probably not," John muttered, thinking of her horribly shocked face. Poor woman. Well, if she'd wanted them together she'd gotten her wish. It wasn't his fault she'd seen a little more than she probably wanted to.
“I’m warning you, Sherlock, you don’t mess with me,” Moriarty said, voice lowering a little as his brow furrowed. “This means war.”
“I’m not doing that.”
“Really?”
And give me a hand o’ thine!
"I don't know what you want, but I can promise I'm not going to help you. I have no reason to help you," he said.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed, but he again couldn’t come up with a reasonable explanation for such behavior. Perhaps John was angry with him then? Had he done something wrong?
John did his best not to scowl at Holmes’s retreating form. Part of him thought about just going to Moriarty and handing back the money. Tempting certainly, but he wasn’t done yet.
It was tempting to try to make conversation, but John decided to just allow the silence to continue, just reaching over to turn the radio up slightly.
He pulled himself out his thoughts in a moment to see what Sherlock was talking about. He felt a little bit of hope as he saw Sherlock studying his blog. Well then, perhaps he didn't think it was as entirely stupid as he pretended.
I sat there for a moment, unmoving, unspeaking. She allowed me a good minute to collect my thoughts.
John walked her out. Sherlock waited until he heard the door of the cab close before he went to grab up his instrument a second time, immediately starting to practice now that he didn’t have to worry about Shannon.
“Of course,” Irene said with a chuckle. “Sadly, not all my noises will be reserved for your listening pleasure. But no worries, darling. I’ll let him get used to it for a time. But I think I might change it after a bit.”
Moriarty just laughed and pulled back, folding his arms. “Oh I’ll stay away from her.” His eyes roved over Sherlock’s body. “I can’t say the same for her. Seems both the Holmes have a problem with staying away from me.”
“No proof then,” Irene said with a smirk. “Well alright. And here I was thinking about making a little wager.”
"Veronica, darling, I'm afraid I'll be needing your help," Irene purred. "Be a dear and go pick up a guest of mine. Head over to Baker street and I'll explain to you on the way."
And then the bloke at the bar who he’d ended up snogging and gone home with…it had been quite pleasant over all. But it just confirmed for John that the problem wasn’t about needing men. It was about needing Sherlock.
John's jaw clenched. "I…I'm not…I…"
His mind wasn’t on the conversation. He was still thinking about the brush against Irene Adler’s wrist. He knew full well what this meant. It was simple. All too simple.
“Watson,” Moriarty purred. “Not every day we see you here.”
Mycroft sighed and raised a hand up to rub at his temple.
“I hope you didn’t mess up my sock index,” he muttered as he went back to his bedroom.
“I knew
“Oh just a little surprise. I think the both of them will find it quite interesting.” Irene smirked and pressed the button on her own phone, playing the orgasmic sigh for Kate to hear.
She could hear Molly shuffling some in the background. “Yes, Miss Adler. He really loves him. I could tell just listening to him talk about it. We’re doing the right thing.”
“So do I. There are a number of aspects I’m still not quite clear on,” Sherlock said, eyeing her.
“Besides John,” she clarified.
, didn’t you,” Irene said.
“Make me some tea?” Sherlock decided to say.
Lestrade looked at the last candidate. The chubby boy who looked up at Donovan and gave a smile.
Mycroft left as Sherlock took up his violin. John sat a moment listening to the soft lilting melody of “God Save the Queen.” Normally he’d just listen a bit and probably head out if the noise started to bother him. But today he couldn’t help but stare at his flatmate, intrigued by how intimate and sensual violin playing could appear.
He coated his fingers, moving to press one in with a kind of hesitance he'd never employed in sex before. Sherlock was gazing down at him, his mouth partway open as he fought to catch his breath. John held his breath for a moment as he began, pushing in, and stretching lightly.
"This isn't just manipulation, is it?' Kate asked warily. "It's not just your way of knowing you can weasel me back into caring for you if you apologize and make an effort is it?"
John was so startled for a moment he didn’t even know what to say. Sherlock? Wait…but he quickly caught up and realized what she was implying. He groaned. Just what he needed. Sherlock getting involved in one more part of his life and ruining it.
John continued to gape at him. “What? No.”
