“It’s just a force of habit.” Peter explained as Wade took his own seat. “My mom’s a horrible cook.”
birthday was coming up. Natasha put together a small intimate family dinner like she did every year she’d been in his life because Nathan didn’t like having the attention on him. It gave him anxiety.
“Not even Thor?” Pepper had to ask. She knew how much she had cared for Thor back in the day even if it was years before her time. Carol never failed to stress about the seriousness of that relationship.
“I love you more.” Then they’d found each other’s lips, started the removal of their clothes when they heard the doorbell of their home. Bruce went to answer it while Natasha redressed and made herself look presentable. When Bruce returned, Morgan was not too far behind.
Nertha supposed she hadn’t thought this all the way through but in hindsight she never imagined this would get back to anyone on Asgard. Okay.
“Yeah. But not for another two and a half weeks.” Tony provided. At that, Steve got up and found his phone, walking past Tony as he got a glimpse of his nakedness under the robe and easily distracting him. “What are you doing, babe?” He asked, refraining from touching himself, by biting his lower lip but Steve noticed.
Tony snapped his hips. “I’m always right, Steve.” Then a firm hand grabbed one of his hips and Tony could feel the cock against his ass, standing proudly. Tony cleared his throat.
“Steve, I was looking for you.” Sharon smiled at him after which she acknowledged Tony and Peter’s presence. Her smile disappeared. “Oh Tony. Pietro.” Peter couldn’t tell if she was botching his name on purpose or if she was that incompetent that she didn’t bother to learn the name of the son of the man she was so desperately trying to win over. “Did Steve tell you we’re having a girl?”
Not long after, Steve approached them. The four men then engaged in conversation. Tony’s name was brought up a few times, whether it be just Sam teasing Steve or otherwise. At the mention of his name, Steve spotted Tony by the elevator hugging a man that had to be the infamous Stephen Strange. Tony lead him around the party; a present in his hand. A pang of jealously hit Steve.
Torunn went home for the summer. She spent most of her time meeting potential suitors and hated every second of it. Luckily, Sif had given birth two days ago which put the attention on her mother and away from herself, halting the meeting of suitors. She was grateful.
Michelle tried to hide her smile, replacing it with her usual blank stare. She waved Amelia off. “No. I’m not attracted to my friends.”
“We spend an awful amount of time right here.” Steve reminded him. His hand left Tony’s hip, fingers brushing over his sensitive half hard cock and settling between his cheeks. He pressed a single finger into the tight rim of muscles, able to feel the cum he had left in him only a few hours ago. “I spend an awful amount of time in
Tony’s words brought him out of his thoughts and Peter’s hand had slipped out of his. “This isn’t going to work. I can't have my son being “friends” with you. It’s freaking illegal and God knows if it was, I still wouldn’t let him because frankly I don't trust you.”
Peter bit his bottom lip. “I know.” He mumbled and Wade let him go, “I just hate being there – it doesn’t feel like home anymore.”
“Sure, you didn’t.” Maria spoke to Anna next. “I’m happy to have my other granddaughter back.” Anna expressed her appreciation. “Maybe you could help me garden sometime, Anna?”
Pepper thought about it. Amelia was going to be 18 soon, there wouldn’t be need for a custody battle if he wanted his daughter in his life. Turning 18 also meant Amelia didn’t have to listen to her anymore. But having powers, being a superhero was so dangerous. She’d be attracting unwanted attention; attracting villains. She could recall clearly Tony’s early years of being Ironman and all the baggage that came with it and how it deteriorated his health. This was no walk in the park but what could she do for Amelia? Offer a piece of advice and hope she’d at least take it into consideration.
“A very good idea.” Bucky reverberated as Sam initiated a group hug which left Winter smiling. She was happy with her family, but she wouldn’t mind an addition. She just wasn’t aware of the fact that both her parents genuinely wanted to give her that, but luck just wasn’t on their side.
“Only using me for my food, I see.” He feigned hurt while Tony nodded to emphasize the sincerity of his words. Steve laughed though before heading out the room.
Tony narrowed his eyes at her, and his jaw tighten. “More speculations.” He said putting everyone’s eyes on him and Anna saw both her parents dishing out the same look, a look specifically for her. It’s like they were saying,
Harley had talked to Jacob the most about his arranged marriage to Torunn. He was against the idea initially but the more he thought about it, the more welcoming he was to it. The thought of being with Torunn Thorsdottir and being bonded together by marriage sounded great to him because he hadn’t fully grasped it yet, but he was falling for her, in every possible way.
Nat was hurting for her. She could only imagine how painfully it must be to lose a baby. She was so grateful that she wouldn’t ever have to go through that pain, given her inability to have children.
“Well...” Morgan trailed off. Why was she suddenly struggling to find words? Tony observed everyone else at the table. Peter was more focused on his meal, but Anna was staring right back at him.
Michelle smiled at her. “No. Still a virgin. I’m just waiting for the right guy or girl.” She wasn’t sure if that was Calvin Potts.
Steve had joined the Super Soldier program – funded and created by Stark Industries and he easily became the subject of the lab experiment after passing all the test. Howard Stark, who was CEO at the time oversaw the whole thing along with Margret “Peggy” Carter before he died, the year before in 1991. Peggy led the program there after. At 16, Steve had been injected with the Super Soldier Serum and to say it worked, was an understatement. They wanted a hero and that’s exactly what they got. They deemed him Captain America but that was almost 8 years ago.
“The spider-ling, spider-child, spider-boy?” Tony snapped his fingers at every guess, when he swore, he got it right.
Sharon finally halted her packing and turned to meet the blue eyes piercing into her soul. She felt like she had made a deal with the devil. They’d met a few months back as fate would have it and they decided they’d help each other out. After she’d gotten pregnant, she hadn’t seen or heard from him in months. She was 4 and a half months now. She thought Justin had forgotten the whole thing and she didn’t mind. She had gotten what she wanted.
A smile worthy of the name Cheshire cat smile stretched across Sharon’s face. Justin’s plan was something she could get behind. Anything to hurt Tony would make her happy. He was the reason after all, why hers and Steve’s relationship wasn’t making any progress.
“Of course.” She could respect that. He’d tell her when he was ready. No need to go snooping around. But she was Morgan Stark Rogers. Snooping was her middle name.
“He doesn’t owe you shit.” Steve remarked, taking two even strides making him only a few inches away from Strange’s smug face but it didn’t make him falter.
Anna clawed at his naked back causing Remy to groan in pain and slam into her more hurriedly. She was coming around Remy and him in her when they both heard the bedroom door being opened. Anna panicked, absorbing Remy’s powers by her own free will and fired a blast of kinetic energy at the door.
“Yeah but that’s two months away.” Amelia half-whined but she looked forward to it anyway. The group soon made their way to their respective classes.
Rounds of applause followed and Peter and Wade soon made their way over to his parents where Tony jokingly scolded them for upstaging their wedding day. While Wade, pulled Steve into an unnecessary hug on Steve’s part and called him Dad.
Pepper had learned that Remy LeBeau was a cold and calculated individual from the two full conversations she had had with him thus far. He listened, watched, and learned before he acted. He also stayed true to his word by only focusing on Amelia. Pepper caught him one day when he’d stopped by to pick up Amelia. A thought had been floating around in Pepper’s mind that she was eager to know the answer to.
He continued to eat in silence until he realized, Steve was still sitting there staring at him. “Don’t you have work?” He sassed. Tony didn’t. He’d taken the day off for his birthday as per Steve’s orders. Otherwise he’d be at S.I. with Pepper.
“That’s fine baby. I just can’t go another round after that.” And Stephen tried to stop himself from getting hard again.
“Yeah but I wasn’t taking pics of you. I only committed your face to memory.” Wade clarified. Peter pouted. “Come on. Dinner’s ready.”
Harley was less susceptible to his sister’s kind words. He wasn’t sure if she was being genuine. Torunn still felt the same about her because she was Harley’s sister, a member of the Stark-Rogers family and after today, they were officially, all one big family; regardless of the suspicions her new husband had shared with her after he had had a lengthy discussion with Morgan and Peter a little over a week ago. She personally didn’t see how they could draw such conclusions with any concrete proof. And Harley agreed. It was something, he’d hope to investigate further with his siblings
“Yeah. Me and Steve Rogers.” He admitted, emptying the contents of the tray into the trash and placing the plates in the sink afterwards.
“Don’t be mean, Nertha.” Hela scolded her. She rolled her eyes. “Torunn is the best thing Thor has ever done. She will be Queen.” She had promised Thor that she would make sure of it. A woman could rule. A woman would rule. She placed a gentle finger under her niece’s chin, tilting it up so their eyes met. They shared a smile.
Ned and Michelle heard it though and started asking about whose voice they had heard. Peter ignored them.
“How’d you think we felt, after you came along?” Harley added, a smirk on his lips as he was in a good place with his younger sister at this point. They’d move past the murder allegations.
Asgardian traditions stated that celebrations be held for significant birthdays in a royal family member’s life and dubbed coronations for heirs: crowned princes – future Kings and most recently, the crowned princess – the future Queen. Torunn had a lifetime more of coronations to attend while Thor was still King, but it wasn’t a bother for her. She enjoyed being home and celebrating with her family and her people. She just didn’t enjoy the part where she had to meet suitors. This was something she brought to her parents’ attention and they agreed to cut back on that.
“Dad.” Harley said in exasperation. “That’s crazy. I’m so sorry.” Harley was closer to his mother than his father but even he wasn’t insensitive to such a matter. He couldn’t imagine how scary that must have been and his father was the bravest, strongest person he knew. He could handle anything, but this made him emotional as he had every right to be.
When Wade did show up, Steve watched the man carefully as he handed Peter a gift after which Peter got on his toes to give him a proper hug. Steve saw him return the hug reluctantly. He didn’t know what he expected upon meeting Wade, but it most certainly was not this. Tony approached the couple first.
In the box was a necklace with the letter ‘W’ on it. “Not a ring but I want u to wait for me,” Wade stood up. As if he wasn't the one that needed to wait for him to be legal.
When Stephen got home, Tony was sitting up in bed with his phone projecting a screen before him. He was busy moving bits and bobs of a holographic model around. Always working on something. Stephen started undressing and he swore he saw something fly past him.
Amelia scoffed but she had to agree, Pietro was pretty good looking. She wondered what he was up to these days. At least Morgan was smiling.
“I know Morgan. But I also know that you’re going to get pass this.” Harley provided. Morgan looked up into the same blue eyes she saw looking back at her in the mirror every day.
Tony held a hand up, ceasing Rhodey’s speech. “Do you hear that?” Tony left his bar and journeyed over to the wall were his flat screen was mounted, searching for the source of the noise he was hearing. Rhodey eventually joined in on his search once the sound became more distinct.
“Yeah.” They paid for their meals and hugged each other tightly before going their separate ways. Morgan missed living a few doors down from her at the Mansion, but she couldn’t see herself ever living there again. Especially not with Stephen Strange taking up permanent residency.
Their waiter had brought out their meals as Morgan finished her exposition. Morgan was craving a family dinner or meeting or something with the family together to try and be a family again. It was much needed, but everyone was off doing their own thing. For the first time in her life, her family was so disconnected and a little in shambles. Things changed since the Christmas Party. Their family was missing something, and no one wanted to bother salvaging it.
They came together, Wade deep inside him and Peter between their naked torso as Wade edged him on with a helping hand. When Wade tried to pull out, Peter wouldn’t let him. He wanted to stay like this, joined for as long as possible and who was Wade to object. Being inside Peter was nothing he could have ever imagined, and he started to hate himself for waiting this long.
, they read. Harley and Torunn’s wedding, was only three weeks away and Sif was proud of the work done so far. Torunn’s dress was almost done being sewed, a cake was decided upon and the venue was already being decorated. It needed to be grand and everything had to be perfect for her daughter, for Asgard’s crown princess, for Asgard’s future Queen. Sif also found herself preparing for her son’s first birthday that was fast approaching in the coming week.
Steve was staring at him. He had gotten out of bed minutes ago so he could finally get things done but Tony could feel his favourite pair of blue eyes raking over his naked form because Steve was staring at him.
He was left smiling down at his phone because Steve always did that to him. Being with him again, put him on cloud nine. He was so happy. Nothing in the world could ruin that for him, for them.
Pepper hadn’t been seeing him at all. She came by to see Steve as she always did with Morgan and she let him know that Tony had gone missing for a while now. No one could find him.
Natasha had brought him a little cupcake with a lit candle as soon as the sun was up that Saturday morning. She adored Nathan so much it was suffocating. It was understandable though. He was the closest thing in her life to a son and in the 3 and a half years she and Bruce had been together, Nathan had actually slipped up a few times and called her ‘Mom’.
” He admitted. Justin Hammer had ruined them, completely where picking up the pieces and putting things back together wouldn't be easy.
“Valkyrie.” Sif addressed her guard. “Take a moment. I am more than capable of caring for myself. I hope you haven’t forgotten that I am a skilled warrior.”
Tony had casually said one day, years ago when addressing the Avengers. It was crazy how it held so much truth. None of them were perfect.
And Tony was melting away into it all as Steve squeezed him a little tighter and hugged him a little deeper. They stood there together wrapped in the embrace and for that moment, they were at peace in each other’s arms.
- that was wonderful to say again - would ever warm up to Wade who was hellbent on staying with Peter for the rest of their lives and who had unknowingly to them, moved into Stark Mansion. When they found out, however, it was too late and Wade had grown on them, well on Tony.
Tony was racing out his room to get to Morgan’s. “Is there someone else here?” What if someone had gotten pass his security and attacked Morgan. Tony could never guess who. He and the avengers had rid the world of villains years ago. Only petty thieves were left that Peter was conveniently taking care of as Spiderman. Still, it wasn’t impossible that some new villain had come out and decided to attack his family first. No matter what he did, he always made enemies.
They stayed in the same position until Nathan complained about his arm falling asleep and she laughed, apologizing. She appreciated the gesture and kissed him sweetly to thank him. She slipped her tongue into his mouth and he welcomed it. He sucked on her bottom lip for a second and her fingernails grazed the back of his neck. That alone was enough to get him hard. They kissed many times before but never like this; never this intensely. Nathan pulled away, staring at her in awe. She was gone; her eyes wild, glossy and terribly aroused.
Steve gets up from the stand with that and walks straight out of the room, out of the building and unto the back steps. He takes a deep breath to calm his nerves. Sam and Bucky join him, but he just wants to be alone. He doesn’t want to know what the judge decides if it isn’t in his favor.
“Will you go with me Mj? As friends of course.” Peter asked. He didn’t mind going with one of his best friends. He liked guys. Everyone knew that and his mom and dad knew that long before he realized it. So he never really came out, like everyone else. It was just an unspoken thing. There weren’t really any guys at his school that he liked anyways.
“Then why’d you cheat on me repeatedly?” Tony smacked his hand away. He looked ashamed of himself. Tony would never let this go.
“I did.” He responded, proudly. After which a giant armour three times the size of the average man and 5 times the height, appeared behind Hammer. Tony pulled his helmet back on and, he and Rhodey engaged in another battle as Justin looked on. They were being beaten badly but Tony had to remind himself and Rhodey that they’d faced worse than this and won. They defeated Thanos. They stopped him before he snapped, and Tony didn’t want to know what type of world they’d be living in today had he snapped. He had a 14-year-old, 12-year-old and 11-year-old at the time waiting for their parents to return. So, he and Steve and the rest of the team had made it through. He and Rhodey could handle a gigantic suit of armour.
Tony reached for the pained area and was met with the sight of blood on his fingers, soiling his new engagement ring and gushing from a wound when he looked down. His ears began ringing as chaos ensued in the crowd. Tony staggered backwards, getting light-headed but he was caught - by Stephen, he assumed. He put pressure on his wound and Tony groaned.
Sam greeted the pair. Clint pulled away from the bar with two drinks, one for himself and the other for Laura. He left Sam and Nat in pursuit of locating his wife while they chatted.
“Jealous ex syndrome.” Ned figured and Peter was starting to think that really was a thing. He'd heard more than enough cases about jealous exs. Some even as close as within his extended family.
“Yeah.” Harley agreed, admiring the work his mother had done. It wasn’t what they’d done in the past, but he appreciated it. “I asked my mom to tone it down a bit this year.” He explained and Torunn had to ask why. She knew Harley much preferred his own parties. What changed?
Steve pulled out slowly, drawing his member from the comfort and warmth of his pulsing walls. He lifted himself off Tony, helping him to turn around and get as comfortable as possible. He was on all fours with a pillow under his belly when Steve rammed his cock into him again, impaling him to the hilt. He jerked forward holding on to the arm rest of the sofa for dare life. Steve kept his pace steady while Tony cried out at each thrust. Only slowing his thrusts when Tony came again, spurting his release all over the pillow under him. Steve climaxed again. Then he leant forward, his belly and chest pressed up against his back, so his lips were at his ear. And he whispered to his husband, “You think we could go again before the kids wake up?”
“I wouldn’t want to bore you with talk of my kids, doctor”. Tony took a sip from his wine glass. After which their waiter came and took their orders. They handed their menus to the waiter and Stephen took this opportunity to hold Tony’s hands in his own.
Rhodey sat in bed, his back against his bed’s headboard and an episode of his favorite show playing before him when Carol walked through their bedroom door. She was dressed in casual clothes and as far as Rhodey knew she should be just now returning from a mission which usually required her suit. She was heading to their en suite when he caught her attention
Gamora stayed seated around a table with them, their eyes focusing on Thor and Quill as they talked. Sif also had her 6-month-old son, Magni seated on her lap.
This year, Tony took his mother and children out for breakfast. He received gifts from his four and Steve, and he sent a few out to the mothers he knew and his own mother, of course. And it was enough. After breakfast, he spent the day just being with his family until everyone had to do their own things. All, except for Steve.
“And I’m telling you. It’s okay. Morgan just needs family around her right now.” And Stephen isn’t family, he almost added that part. Stephen is just the boyfriend. Not the father of his children. Tony realized after a moment that Stephen had gone quiet on the other end.
Tony held his face in his hands, staring at him for some time and trying to read his blue eyes, that were usually very open. Today he was a little guarded, but he saw a sliver of what he was looking for, so he asked. “D-Did you want a baby?” He stuttered out. He saw Steve swallow.
“Thor. You really can’t keep doing this.” He gestured to the floor, making a mental note to get someone to fix that in the next few days.
“An accident.” Lila suggested but Torunn wasn’t stupid. She then adjusted her crown herself and touched up her make up.
Torunn acknowledged her parents next, bowing before them. Thor helped her up, pulling her into a hug while Sif held a 3-month-old Magni in her arms. “Torunn, welcome home.” Then he released Torunn and hugged Harley. “Welcome to Asgard, Tonyson.” Thor had the tendency to alternate between calling Harley, Tonyson or Steveson from time to time.
Steve started a walking pace and Tony, without thinking followed suit. They were outside the building when they resumed their conversation; out of earshot from anyone.
“Haven’t seen you in a while,” Natasha started. “Sharon keeping you locked up?” She and Steve had always been close. Almost as close as him and Bucky and Sam but as of late, they had been seeing less of each other and Steve knew he was to blame.
“…but it’s a part of our lives, a part of my life which makes it a part of yours.” Steve carried on. “And if there’s anything that you want to share with us, don’t hesitate.”
Steve’s name was called next and he and Bucky went in. The doctor greeted them as Steve lay down on the bed – he knew the routine – and Bucky sat in one of the empty chairs in the office. “Steve and Bucky.” He smiled at them.
Steve looked away from him, his eyes watering. He wasn’t motioning to write anything else on the white board. Bucky then called out Sam. “Sam! Please, back me up here!”
Unbeknownst to her, Harley was staring at her figure and admiring her. He knew beauty when he saw it. He was looking at it – her. “Yeah. I can appreciate beauty.” Then he joined her at the balcony. They stared into the night together in silence until she suggested they head to bed.
Sam emerged from the closet minutes later, fully clothed and ready to head out. “Talk later.” He stated, kissing his cheek and heading out their bedroom door. Bucky heard the front door open and closed and then his car pulling away.
These thoughts swam around in Harley’s head as he went through yet another council meeting. Meetings that always included Thor, Sif, Torunn and Hela. Loki attendance always seemed optional. Once it had adjourned, he and Torunn walked side by side out of the council room and into their quarters on the east wing of the palace.
“You’re tipsy.” Pepper commented. Her guesses in this state of mind were as good as hers, completely baseless.
“Of course not.” Tony came back into the room, his hands wrapped around his bump. Steve turned the easel to him; he stared at the sketch in awe. His husband was mind-blowingly good, and he wasn’t just saying that because he loved this man. Steve began circling him until he felt Tony’s naked body being pressed up against his bare chest.
Morgan couldn’t agree more. “I know. But I also know they miss each other so much.” She slid down from his shoulder, pulling him down with her so they were fully under the covers minus their heads. She turned to face him, resting her head against his heart. She wished she wouldn’t think about her parents’ relationship so much. They’d moved on after all. Mom was happy with Stephen and Dad was happy with whoever he was with now. It was just sad to think that the relationship was severely broken and extremely difficult to repair.
She heard Tony sneer from the floor above them, remarking that Thor branded his perfectly manicured lawn every time he went to and from Asgard. Torunn smiled to herself and walked swiftly to meet her family as they drew nearer to the mansion. When they were within speaking distance, Torunn curtsied, before her mother and father. They were King and Queen after all. “Father. Mother.” She spoke respectively before Thor scooped her up into a bear hug.
Anna was reminded of the fact that Morgan didn’t wish to pursue college anymore. That her older sister didn’t want Stark Industries though it was written in their mother’s will. Anna would happily take full ownership if Peter nor Harley wanted it either and she was almost sure they didn’t.
Steve momentarily glanced up from the sketch pad that was angled on the easel, his tongue jutted out from one of his cheeks. Tony wouldn’t really keep sex away from him.
Steve, Clint and Pietro had stopped by to properly meet William one day, bearing gifts. They were greeted by said baby who was floating above Wanda’s head when she opened the door. Wanda had lowered William into her arms who rested his head against her chest and sucked a thumb.
Nat watched the scene unfold. Steve tried once again to explain it all to Tony. “Please Tony. Let me explain.”
“Fuck.” Steve sighed, flipping Tony onto his back and emptying all of his cum in him, filling him up to the brim. He then pulled his cock out, reluctantly, wishing he had a plug on hand for Tony's gaping, leaking hole.
He pulled out a moment later, feeling Tony’s hole leaking with his cum and soaking the bed. Tony curled up into his side and Steve pulled him closer. They remained silent for some time, listening to each other’s breaths settle. “Tony.” Steve whispered.
Once in the adjoining room, Tony lay on the exam bed as his doctor set up the equipment. Tony lifted his shirt; the gel was added to his mid region and Dr McIntosh used the wand to search for the baby. They found the baby in seconds and Tony looked over at the monitor where the little blimp was projected. Tony sighed in defeat. He really was pregnant. He had a life growing inside him.
“I went down to get a bottle of water a while ago and I saw them together. Really close together.” He explained but decided, “I’m probably wrong.” It could mean anything really.
She left Renee to finish with Steve. Tony insisted on staying. He never paid must attention to this division in S.I. and he was suddenly fascinated. She let Tony be and headed back to her office, only after reminding Steve that she needed to see him later. Soon Renee disappeared to the next room to retrieve something else.
“Except Torunn. She reeks of goodness.” She teased, turning her nose up at the sight of her cousin and walking towards the windows.
Tony raised an eyebrow visibly annoyed, glancing from his arm to his face. He soon caught on and let him go, mumbling a quick apology. He then thought about what Steve had said and an idea sparked in his head. “We should probably go down to my lab then and you can see my latest project."
“What’s wrong?” he wondered. Peter’s hands were cupping his face and Wade played with the ‘W’ charm on the necklace around his neck. Peter never took it off.
And Anna finally let her hate go when she realized Hammer really did steal her away, Tony and Steve didn’t abandon her, and she was happy to have them in her life. The only thing they hadn’t considered until a month ago was the possible tampered DNA results but as they knew then and now from the latest test; Anna, the corrupted young woman was their long-lost child.
Steve put his fork down and took a sip from his glass. “I mean after years of being Captain America; saving the world…” Steve drawled on, very nonchalant. “…I don’t see why I can’t indulge in my other skills. It pays well enough.”
“How about you Torunn?” Morgan added. Torunn focused on her friends again but she looked lost. Morgan filled her in. “What’s going on in your love or sex life?”
“Your presence is required in court next week. Everything else you need to know is on that paper. Good day, Mr. Rogers.”
At the mention of it, the memory did come back for Morgan. Nathan had updated her all summer about his time with Nat’s family. She had one older sister, Tanya who was married to a guy named Misha Kozlov and they had 3 kids – Ana, Jaime and Levi. “Oh.”
"But with Daniel, I was happy for the first time in years and I married him. We were trying to have a baby. But he told me the day he moved out that he was birth control the entire time."
if you ask me to.” Remy reminded her, holding her at the waist with both hands. Anna nodded, a small smile on her face. She wanted to move pass this like everyone else, but she had to catch Remy up in person, whose natural killing instinct tended to overpower all else. He was ruthless killer and it seemed only she could curve that. Only she was immune to that tendency of his.
Steve scooped up his husband after he said those words. Tony squealed and Steve had to remind him that Harley and Morgan were still in the building. He shushed him. “Wouldn’t want to wake the kids.”
The trio - Brook in Steve’s arms and Tony by his side - made their way to the kitchen and dining area that morning, hoping to join the rest of their family for breakfast.
“Because of you Nertha, a mortal will sit on the Asgardian throne one day.” Her mother had lectured. Although Torunn and Harley’s children would only be half-human, the human side would always outweigh the God side in every Asgardian’s eyes.
“No. I get it. Harley over stepped. I just don’t think you should be putting all the blame on Harley when they both admitted to it being consensual.”
“You guys worked things out then?” That’s the only assumption Pepper could make. They’d somehow worked past the issue and things were amicable to say the least.
“Over 22 years ago, we met." Steve took a breath to stop himself from tearing up. "21 years ago today, I married the love of my life and it is still the best thing I’ve ever done. Because it gave me you, and our kids - all 5 of them.” He went on, staring down into his favourite brown eyes that now glistened with tears.
Then Harley finally found his voice in that moment and spoke up. “Did she tell you she had me under mind control at one point?” He said it as if that might change something.
Tony’s hands folded over his chest. Peter glared at Wade and it took him a minute to catch on. He found himself trying to right his wrong. “Not that I'm doing that. I would never. Not saying I wouldn't want to. I’d like to, But! Not now. Obviously. At some point. Probably after Peter's birthday in August. You know, the age of consent in the state of New York is 17.”
“Last one. I promise.” Tony swore. He and Steve had talked about Steve getting his tubes tied and Tony had agreed a thousand percent. This would be their last child for sure. They were done after this.
“No. I can cook.” He reminded him, pulling a chair out for Peter. The food looked great. Smelled even better.
Their appointment with Kayla was coming up soon and they’d have their definite answer, and Steve was hoping faith would be on his side because he still believed Tony was in fact carrying his baby. And if he wasn’t, he hoped Tony wouldn’t hesitate to get the abortion without him even asking. He couldn’t raise Stephen Strange’s child. He couldn’t.
“Of course.” Carol agreed. Tony didn’t need Steve. “I’m just glad you-know-who left.” She was referring to Nat, who had left for Russia a few days ago to stay with her family. She knew it was best if she stayed away. Her and Steve, together and separately had made numerous trips to Pepper’s in the past month trying to talk to Tony. Seeing them together only made Tony’s heartache intensify. He couldn’t even go through his heartbreak in peace without seeing the two of them together.
“Yes. If only Natasha could have that.” Thor supplied, noticing Bruce’s line of sight. Natasha couldn’t have kids and the thought use to haunt her. Bruce even suggested adopting but she always insisted Nathan was enough and he singled him out from the ocean of people, Morgan wrapped around his arm conversing with their friends.
Tony pulls up his zipper and fixes himself in his pants again. Steve has cum leaking out of him onto the sofa and Steve can’t bring himself to move. Things are harder to do with SJ in the way.
Nathan pulled away so he could speak and shared his concerns with her. “I think Nat might be having an affair with Amelia’s dad.”
“This year, 2017 has been pretty special for me. Yes, we’ve had losses.” Tony thought of Morgan and Nathan and their miscarriage earlier in the year. “But we’ve gained too.” Anna came to mind as he looked around the room for her. Meeting eyes, they shared a smile. Finding her was the highlight of his year. “Just another year of ups and downs.” The crowd murmured in agreement.
Anna stilled and allowed him to caress her cheek. Tony could feel little thumbtacks of pain piercing his fingertips, but it wasn’t excruciating, thankfully. He could bare it for a few seconds. Anna had closed her eyes and relished in her mother’s touch. When Tony stepped away, Anna could see the pain in his eyes.
“That’s nice. My mom loves you guys more than she loves me, her only child.” It was true. Maria Stark adored the only three grandkids she had and they appreciated her just the same. She was the only living grandparent they had between Tony and Steve. Joe and Sarah Rogers passed one after the other years before Steve even met Tony and Howard Stark passed away in an unfortunate car accident 6 years prior to Harley’s birth.
“Hey Morgan.” She greeted her kindly although very astounded to see Morgan in her home again when they hadn’t left things on good terms. “Nathan’s out with Levi.” Nat explained, because why else would she be here? Her other nephew, Jaime and niece, Ana had yet to arrive in New York and today Nathan was showing 14-year-old Levi around.
“Yes. Of course.” Tony confessed. “Our daughter had a miscarriage. She needs both her parents right now.” He couldn’t really be upset about that. It was a given.
“You feel so good Tony. And so tight.” Stephen added. They were kissing again and Tony bit down on his bottom lip when he gave a particularly hard thrust. He tasted blood. Stephen gave even harder thrusts following Tony’s attack on his lip. He felt full with how deep Stephen was going. His cock was being squeezed mercilessly between their bodies. “Damn it Stephen!” he screamed out coming between them. It took Stephen over the edge, filling Tony up to the brim and marking his insides as his.
Morgan let out an audible gasp. “Oh no, we have to get you on social media right now. At least one.” She proposed, getting up to sit closer to Jaime and pluck his phone from out his hands. Jaime looked over at his cousin in surprise. Nathan nodded as if saying,
“Peter. Your brother is a growing boy.” Maria justified, giving Steve a kiss on the cheek as she took the dish from his hands and carried it to the kitchen for later.
“And she’s okay with that?” Jacob asked but Harley stayed mum, admiring his charmingly good looks. Jacob shook his head. “Yeah, okay I’ll be sure to let her know.” He didn’t believe for second that Torunn really knew and if she did, there was no way on Earth
Harley only need be a good husband to Torunn and perform any royal obligations that may come with his new title. Otherwise, everything was the same. He could dress the same, talk the same.
“Well, since we are airing things out. Anymore secrets we should know about?” Peter put in, not affected as much by the revelation as his siblings but had his fair share of revelations in the past from lies his parents had told him.
“I know in my heart that baby is mine.” Stephen explained, taking a step closer, glancing down at his belly. “Yet, the news says you and Rogers are expecting a 5th child
Tony had his mother sit at the head of the table with him on her left. Torunn was on her right, followed by Morgan, Harley and Steve while Anna and then Peter seated next to Tony. Several empty chairs remained around the other end of the table.
Nebula spent most of her time with the Stark-Rogers kids. Tony was always good to her and in turn she had nothing but appreciation and adoration for his children. Quill was ever the social butterfly and conversing with everyone while Gamora held a few conversations with other women in the room, namely Hope Van Dyne and Asgard’s Queen, Sif. She’d met both women before and shared her plans with them of making more frequent trips to earth in the near future.
“Don’t call me that.” Steve had lectured, sternly and Peter and Tony begged him to lighten up. Wade was going to be family.
Morgan and Anna met for lunch to catch up and discuss their father’s wellbeing. Morgan had moved out of Stark Mansion and into the Banners home. She was staying with Nathan while they searched for a place of their own. They were hoping to have a place ready by the time they graduated in the end of May. Morgan didn’t want to live in her home anymore; not when it felt so empty.
“February. That night we went out with Buck…I didn’t mean for any of this to happen Tony. I’m so so sorry,” Steve supplied, reaching out for him. He looked apologetic. He sounded apologetic but if he hadn’t meant for any of it to happen, why they hell did he do it in the first place? Steve could see more tears welling up in his eyes.
“Then why does Uncle Thor intend to gift Magni with Mjolnir once he is of age. It is, after all, a ruler’s weapon.” Torunn became consumed with doubt. She was never offered Mjolnir. Why should Magni have it? She was beginning to think her sword was of no value.
“Yes,” Morgan agreed. “She’s probably trying to help Aunt Nat and Remy cover their tracks.” If Remy and Anna were really that closely involved, Morgan could easily understand why she’d want to help her boyfriend out.
The question surprised Natasha but it was clear as day that Sam had already made his mind up on such allegations. Natasha knew Bucky, however. She knew he had only ever been with Sam. He’d never shown interest in anyone else and even if he had, he wasn’t one to act on them, especially not to create a child with someone that wasn’t his husband.
Where do they go after the revelation of Justin’s hand in the downfall of their relationship? After Tony had moved on? After Steve found out the baby, he was growing to love wasn’t his? After they’d discovered there might be a chance their other daughter was out there?
Thor hadn’t known but he wouldn’t doubt it. Nertha was her mother’s daughter. She liked to do mischievous things. “She will be dealt with accordingly.” He swore, looking to Harley. “But this marriage is happening.” And his eyes were trained on Torunn.
Conveniently enough, it was his body pressed up against hers when he slid back into bed that woke her. Morgan let out a yawn and turned to face him. He pushed her dark hair out of her eyes and pressed a kiss to her lips and she smiled into it. As she stared into his eyes, she could tell something was on his mind. “What’s up?”
“Hi Uncle Thor.” Harley responded. By now, Torunn was handed her brother in the middle of a hug with her mother. Torunn noted that Magni had gotten so big already. They knew he’d be as tall as Thor by his 16
“No elbows on the table please.” Winter explained. That was something Morgan would say at her age. Steve apologized and quickly removed his elbows from the table. He missed his kids at that age and if he was being honest, he wouldn’t mind having another kid. Just not with Sharon Carter.
“I’ve noticed she spends a lot of time on Earth, brother.” Hela added. Leave it to Hela to keep a close eye on everyone. “Almost as much as Nertha,” and Hela glared at her daughter. Nertha scoffed, continuing her meal.
“How did I not know this?” and he remembered all the girls that he suggested in the past and Jacob always denied. Harley figured that he must have been secretly gay until Amelia came along. Jacob didn’t respond. “We have to get you laid immediately.” He began scrolling through his phone and an idea popped in his head. “How about Nertha?”
Paige, now Anna Marie, had been in and out of foster homes for 13 years following her birth. Then her powers became evident which led to Charles Xavier’s discovery of her and he gladly took her into his school where she could be with people just like her. Life for her was for the most part, happy. Even though she’d never felt the love of parents and her powers made it hard for her have proper physical contact with anyone, she had friends and people she could call family and she was happy.
“And after that?” Morgan wondered. What were they going to do? Did they want a baby right now? “Do we want a baby?” she asked aloud.
Their relationship had been lacking in luster recently. Tony was putting all his energy into finding Paige. He’d even got a doctor on hand to do the DNA test once, they’d met their supposed daughter and if Stephen was feeling neglected because of that, Tony could understand but he wouldn’t be sorry for it.
Jacob stayed quiet after that. Carol took it as her cue to end the conversation. She told her son how much she loved him, and Jacob didn’t hesitate to say it back.
“Nothing.” they responded simultaneously. They could have passed for twins at the right angle and Tony wondered what his little Paige would look like today had she survived. Probably identical to Morgan, he figured but with his eyes.
Tony snatched the phone from Peter’s hand, stepping outside of Morgan’s room before responding for Peter. Morgan didn't need to hear this. Peter finally moved from his spot and went to Morgan’s side. “Steve?”
All eyes were on Amelia and Torunn cheered her on. “You possess such an incredible power Amelia. We must spar one day.”
“Right now?” he questioned, in disbelief and she grinned innocently at him, like she wasn’t in the process of removing the rest of her clothes. And a lot of thoughts came flooding into his mind; like his parents –all 3 for that matter – were a few doors down from them and he didn’t have a condom.
When the birthday party was in full swing and the twins had properly celebrated by blowing candles and cutting cake, Peter and Anna wasted no time in disappearing. They were nowhere to be found, nowhere visible in their parent’s sight at least.
Steve nodded to let him know he was listening. Harley's father was a 18 year old guy named John, 10 years younger than Tony's 28 years at the time. They only dated for 6 months before he got pregnant.
“It takes time that’s for sure but don’t hinder the process any longer. Talk to your father, let him know how you feel and try to move on.”
He left the bar and Justin spoke to Gary without taking his eyes off Stephen’s car driving away. “Did you put the elixir in the drink?”
“Really?” Nertha spoke, innocently. “Hoping to have mindblowingly, God-like sex with me after that compliment?” But she finished the question with a suggestive smirk.
Harley broke the silence, arms folded over his chest and today he happened to look too much like Steve. “So, are you guys just gonna stare at each other all day, or…?”
Steve’s jaw tightened and his eyes narrowed as he folded his arms over his chest. Wade was starting to think he was being too assertive in his response and he began to shrink a little. “I’ll leave the party though –”
“You hurt me Sam.” Bucky whispered by his ear. His voice almost broke. “So much and I thought we were better than that.” Bucky pulled away after his final word. “I don’t want you here in our home tonight. Your apology doesn’t erase the hurt you caused me.”
Back at her place, Pepper turned to Carol who was wrapped in a blanket on her couch. Carol was grateful to her for not ratting her out to Rhodey.
Peter then pulled off his mask to encourage him to do the same but all he got was Wade, taking one of his gloves off and gingerly holding his face with his uncovered hand. “Gosh, Petey. You’re even more beautiful up close. I could kiss you.”
“Only Anna?” Torunn tried to ask but the doors slid open and Anna emerged. She seemed startled, a little surprised to see Torunn.
“Look. We’ll never be friends. But I do wish you both the best. I just don’t understand your hatred towards me. You got him in the end.”
Torunn thought it was strange, she couldn't get in; Harley wouldn’t keep her locked out. She tried the code again and it failed once again. There was no way she could get in without one of the Stark-Rogers present, instead she questioned Friday about who was inside.
Lila stopped her right there, speaking her next words with lure, suggestiveness and confidence. “I’m pass that but if he wanted to have sex again, I’m not saying I would deny him.”
“I brought condoms.” She responded as if she’d read his mind. “Just consider this a second birthday present,” she finished, leaning back down to kiss him. And Nathan was gone too. Of course, she’d plan this; like everything else in her life.
this early.” Bucky cleared his throat again at the word ‘coming’. His mind was still clouded with sex. He and Sam weren’t expecting Steve to be over until later. Winter was at her aunt’s house, Sam’s sister for the weekend which meant they had the house to themselves.
Tony thought for a second, “Yeah. I promised your Aunt Pepper I’d be there to present a new project with her.” Pepper Potts, was co-CEO of Stark Industries. She had been one of Tony’s two best friends since before his MIT days. He had asked her to help him run his company about 5 years ago when he was going through another hard time in his relationship with Steve. She agreed, of course and made S.I. ten times more efficient that it had ever been before. Tony thought Howard would be happy to know his company wasn’t crashing and burning to the ground, if he were alive today.
“I never stopped.” Wade explained and he realized something in that moment while his eyes stayed fixed on Peter’s. He was falling for Peter. He was falling so deeply in love with Peter.
Stephen had thought he’d be welcomed but Tony shut him down, letting him know it was only family just so Anna would feel comfortable. Stephen was upset. Tony didn’t see him as family and so his thoughts brought him back to Steve Rogers and how well he and Tony were getting along nowadays. It really angered him.
"I felt so stupid." Tony sighed. He always wanted alot of kids. He always dreamt he'd marry someone and they'd have a bunch of children together. He didn't want several kids by different men but he couldn't change that now. And besides, his two sons made his life so much better. He wouldn't change anything.
Tony left the class with a mindset similar to a drunk zombie. It was his free period and he really needed to find a quiet place so he could call his friends. He needed a freaking pep talk. School was boring. It was even more boring than those stupid business meetings Howard was always dragging him to. At least at those there were stupid idiots in suits pretending they were smarter than him. That was always amusing enough to keep him from literally collapsing in boredom. Tony grinned when he spotted the field behind the high school building. There were a couple boys playing with a frisbee, but the trees lining the edge of the field were abandoned. He hightailed it over there, dialing Pepper’s number on the way.
“Tony, you can tell me anything. You know that, right?” Steve’s voice was so soft. Tony wanted to cry. All he really wanted was for Steve to hug him, and he knew if he asked that Steve’s arms would be around him without question.
“Right. So, what does this mean? For me.” If they found the culprit, that mean Tony got to go home, right? But, did he really want to leave? He didn’t know. He thought he was going to have more time.
“He lost a bet. But the idiot fell asleep before he could take it off.” Rhodey lied easily. Tony hummed in acknowledgement before snuggling back into Rhodey’s shoulder. Rhodey shot the genius a fond look.
Tony ignored him in favor of turning towards Steve. Steve noticed that he was watching him almost instantly.
“Shower first then emotional conversations. I don’t want to hear you bitching about your messed up skin when you leave your makeup on for too long.” Tony rolled his eyes, but pecked Rhodey on the cheek before disappearing from the room. Rhodey groaned before burying his face beneath the blanket. Tony sure was a handful.
“Yeah Pep. Go have fun with tall dark and handsome.” Tony hung up and leaned his head against the trunk of the tree. He closed his eyes and tried to clear his head. He’s fine. He is safe. No one knows where he is or who he is. He’s never been safer than he was right then. Tony bit his lip and tried to think about anything but the heat of the desert and the loneliness that enveloped him when he finally managed to escape. Going through two near death experiences really sobered Tony’s outlook on life. He was seventeen and had already almost died twice because of his father’s effort in the weapons business.
Tony rolled his eyes but didn’t try to say anything else. Steve ran his fingers through Tony’s hair, and glared at the rest of his friends to make sure they stayed quiet. Even Bucky was dutifully silent, realizing that Tony really needed to sleep. After only a few minutes of Steve playing with his hair, Tony fell asleep. His breathing deepened, and he nuzzled his cheek into Steve’s thigh. Steve sighed longingly. He really needed to talk to Tony soon.
Steve grabbed both the drink and his bookbag, “Tony that is so unhealthy! And don’t you have a heart condition?”
“That is so not true!” Bruce exclaimed. The bantered back and forth for a while before the rest of the group got in on a debate about the best kind of music.
“Do you wanna go on a date with me?” Steve still looked nervous. They’d just had an awesome kiss, and he was still nervous about asking him. Tony felt a rush of affection for the other boy.
“So, how’s it going? Seriously. Are you okay? Do I need to come and fight someone? Have you made any friends?” Pepper exploded with the questions she was probably holding in from the beginning.
He sat there for God knows how long before his phone buzzed with a text message. His fingers were shaking, but he managed to open it.
“Watch where you’re going, nerd.” The boy disappeared back into the crowd, and Tony barely managed to hide his flinch when Phil grabbed his arm to pull him back to his feet.
Tony watched as Steve pulled on leather jacket. Tony thought that Steve couldn’t get any hotter than he was, but he was wrong. In a leather jacket, aviators, and a helmet, Steve was stunning. Then Steve was straddling the bike, and Tony’s brain whited out. Steve had really nice thighs. He blinked once and then twice. He registered that Steve was waiting for him to climb on the bike, but he couldn’t get his brain to work. After a couple of seconds, he stumbled over to the motorcycle and mounted it. He saw Steve’s smug expression but didn’t comment on it.
“I don’t think it’s a good idea either. I mean… we do want Tony to keep hanging out with us. If he sees Clint half naked, then he’ll be out the door.” Natasha drawled. Her face was light, but Tony could see in her eyes that she knew the significance of the conversation they were having. Tony wondered if he would ever be able to keep something from Natasha. Probably not. She was a wizard with knowing stuff she wasn’t supposed to.
Jarvis opened the door and motioned for Tony to exit. Tony pranced out the door and smiled when he looked at his car. It wasn’t his prized Audi of course; it would be too conspicuous for him to roll up at a public high school in a fancy sports car. It was an old car that he had picked up from a junkyard and promptly tricked out in his workshop. He was happy with it, and there was something soothing about working on the simple mechanics of a car. It was a nice break from the extremely stimulating work that he did with holographics and AIs. It was nice to be able to mute his thoughts for a little bit and just work with his hands.
Steve linked their arms together as they walked into the store. It wasn’t hand holding, but Tony would take it. It felt a bit like they were going to a formal dance. Tony thought about what it would be like to dance with Steve. Was Steve a good dancer? Would he spin Tony around until he was dizzy and then dip him so he was helpless in Steve’s arms? Or would he step on Tony’s toes every couple of minutes with a red face and an apologetic expression? Tony wouldn’t care either way. He just wanted to know. He was a scientist. It wasn’t his fault that he wanted to know stuff. Tony hoped that he’d still be there when it came time for prom. It wasn’t likely that Steve and Tony would go together, but Tony would still get to see Steve in a tux which was an ever-present desire.
“Could you help me with this math problem?” Steve asked with a slight blush. The slight red cheeks made him look unbelievably cute. Tony felt his own cheeks heating up in response.
Tony’s suit was a deep maroon with a black button up and bowtie. He couldn’t believe that Natasha got him to agree to such a bold choice. She said it looked good with his tan skin tone and brown eyes. He’d prayed for patience loudly, but he trusted her opinion, so he bought it instantly. He still wasn’t even sure this was happening. He was going to prom. He was going to prom with Steve as his date. With Steve as his boyfriend!
“Dude! You had sex in Tony’s living room. He’s gonna be so pissed!” Clint exclaimed with a delighted giggle. Rhodey suddenly realized that none of the Avengers recognized the small bundle pressed against him. This could go very wrong very fast. Tony made sighed and wiggled before tucking himself back into Rhodey’s body. Tony absolutely could not wake up while the avengers were there.
“Well, Clint can’t hear any of that because he always takes his hearing aids out right before the match. He doesn’t want them to get smashed or damaged while he plays, but that means he misses out on the complete and utter ridiculous chants that people come up with in the crowds to support players. So, we came up with an ingenious solution. We made the most obnoxious sign in human history and anytime people were cheering, I held it up.”
He spent the rest of the day in a glum hungover silence. He knew that his friends were sending each other concerned glances, but he couldn’t muster enough energy to care. Rhodey was gone again. He could be dead for all Tony knew. He hated the not knowing so much. It was unbearable. He knew that this was how Rhodey must have felt when he got kidnapped. His heart ached. Natasha gripped his hand under the table.
“U-Uncle Obie” Tony choked out. His head was spinning. His uncle was the one that ordered the hit on him. His uncle… was responsible for him being tortured. It didn’t make sense. He couldn’t believe it.
Steve shrugged, “I dunno. I just thought that cloud kind of looked like our principle.” He gestured towards a cloud directly about them.
The whole table was paying attention to the conversation now, and Bruce was looking kind of freaked out. Tony made eye contact with him and was instantly confused. Bruce was trying to mime something to Tony without it seeming too obvious to the rest of the table. Tony really didn’t know what he was trying to say.
Then it came to Tony’s favorite Wonder Twins. Bucky and Steve. Bucky was cocky for sure and would often compliment Tony just to watch his face turn bright red. His favorite activity seemed to be ruffling Tony’s hair in affection. It kind of reminded him of Rhodey. That kind of brotherly affection. Bucky would smirk at Tony and Steve every once in a while, and Tony absolutely hated it. Bucky was very perceptive. There was no way he missed Tony’s burgeoning obnoxious baby crush on Steve. Sure, he had been attracted to the man from the beginning, but now there were
When they had their halftime, and Steve pulled his helmet off, Tony almost gasped at how gorgeous Steve looked. Seriously, no one was allowed to look that good while sweaty. His blonde hair was plastered to his forehead, and his face was red with exertion. The smile he shot at the stands was as devastating as ever. Tony was a goner. Rip, Tony Edward Stark because he died after being too attracted to his friend. After the game, they met up with their boys outside of the locker room. Steve enveloped Tony in a hug that made Tony both wrinkle his nose and light up bright red. He smelled like sweat, but Tony didn’t really care. His arms felt great around him.
“Yeah, but my heart’s gonna give out at some point anyway so who cares? I didn’t sleep last night, and I really need to stay awake to get this done, so can you give that back to me?” Tony rubbed his eyes like the lack of constantly consuming the gross liquid was already making him tired.
“I believe your alias would not be considered a cool kid.” Jarvis deadpanned. He handed the boy genius an apple, which he promptly put on the table in exchange for a cup of coffee. Jarvis gave him a disapproving look but didn’t comment. He knew that Tony would be more cooperative with some coffee in him. He had long ago abandoned trying to reprimand the ridiculous genius.
Tony fell asleep on the phone with Rhodey at about two in the morning. He woke up angrily at six a.m. with his alarm blaring directly in his ear. He let out a ridiculously loud groan and started his morning. After a bit of an internal freak out after looking at himself in the mirror with his button up and glasses, he was fine. He climbed into his car and hit the road. He blared rock and roll and cursed himself when he remembered that he should’ve worked on the holographic video call last night. To make up for it he decided that he would spend the school day developing the plans and then he would build it that night.
“Oh, my God! I can’t believe it! Honey Bear!” Tony squealed forgetting where he was for a moment. He bounced back and forth on his heels. He was really hoping that Rhodey would be able to come and visit soon. Rhodey and Pepper were super busy all the time, but they were the only people allowed to come visit him, so he expected to be abandoned in this town for at least a month before he got to see either of them.
“Please stop freaking out. Tony and I will explain when we get somewhere that isn’t public. Asking a ton of questions is only going to upset Tony more” Tony felt a little bit awkward that she was talking about him like he wasn’t there, but he let it go.
Natasha was rapidly becoming one of Tony’s best friends. The last thing Tony thought he wanted was another deadly red head in his life, but apparently, he did. Natasha was deceptively graceful, but there was a certain glint in her eye that revealed her true nature. While she was certainly tough on the outside, she was very sweet with Tony. Tony hadn’t told her anything specifically about why he was in hiding, but he got the feeling that she had a pretty good idea. She had even given him some pointers on making sure that his cover wasn’t broken. It was nice having someone on his side despite who he was.
“I know. I trust you.” He responded. Her face looked stunned like he’d given her a gift. Maybe she knew how he had a hard time trusting people. Maybe he knew that Tony was just as shocked at his words as she was. Tony imagined his face looked similar to hers. The fact that she was showing this much genuine emotion on her face was rare. She was trusting him just as much as he was trusting her.
“It’s okay, Dummy. It’s okay, buddy. I’m okay. These are my friends. They’re not going to hurt you.” Tony ran a soft affectionate hand down the arm of his robot.
Tony kissed Rhodey on the cheek before walking over to Steve. Thor floated over to the other side of the room to interact with Natasha. Steve had a pink blush on his cheeks.
“Oh yeah. He’s my… cat. Rhodey loves him more than me.” Tony said rocking back on his heels. Tony introduced everyone to Rhodey and vice versa. Rhodey tried to convince them to call him Jim, but it didn’t stick. It never does. Rhodey shot Tony a glare, but Tony just shrugged happily. He couldn’t believe that his best friend was here. His best friend was here! He grinned.
“So, Tony, how was your ride? I know Steve can be a little wild. Did he treat you right?” Bucky was smirking, and Tony couldn’t help but choke on the fry he was eating. Steve grabbed his shoulder and started lecturing Bucky about being an asshole.
“Why? You love hanging out at Thor’s. You’re there much more than the rest of us.” Bucky pointed out with a confused look on his face.
“Hey Tony, how would you feel about coming over this weekend?” Steve looked so earnest that Tony had to take a second to figure out what was going on. Surely Steve wouldn’t ask him out in a group of people. Tony was pretty sure that they had a good repour going, but that couldn’t be right. They snarked back in forth, but Steve hadn’t been flirting with him. Tony would know. He had tons of people flirt with him. Regardless of how confused he was, Tony flushed. Steve was hot, Tony would give him that. And he was super sweet. Plus, he had a deadpan asshole side, and Tony would deny it, but he tended to like assholes. He was one himself.
As soon as class was over Tony was out of the door. Tony himself wasn’t a fan of looking like he was trying ever, but in this situation, he figured he could make an exception. He moved as fast as his legs could carry him to the parking lot. Tony couldn’t help but think about what Howard would think about him now. He let out a hysterical giggle at what his inevitable reaction would be to his son running as fast as he could, looking like a common high school boy. He threw himself into his car and got the hell out of there. He turned the radio on while he drove and sighed at the familiar sound of ACDC. His breathing slowly calmed down. He couldn’t explain to Rhodey why loud noises scared him and blasting music comforted him. He supposed it was because he was only allowed to blast music when he was alone in his workshop. When he was alone. When he was safe.
Pepper was more of an accident. Pepper was one of Rhodey’s many friends. Rhodey had to go visit Mamma Rhodes one weekend and was worried about Tony blowing himself up and setting fire to their dorm room. In all fairness, Tony only set fire to the dorm once and it was small. He put it out quickly enough so that the only thing it burned were Rhodey’s textbooks. He paid for them of course so no harm done. Rhodey didn’t see it that way. Rhodey called Pepper and asked her to babysit him. Pepper upon seeing the fifteen-year-old enveloped in a huge MIT sweatshirt was instantly struck with the desire to protect him. Tony hadn’t liked her in the beginning until one day she was scanning over his calculations and pointed out a math mistake he made when he was drunk. From that day on Virginia became Pepper and the two were inseparable.
“My best friend is in the army; he’s coming to see me next week.” Tony said awkwardly. He scratched the back of his head. He wasn’t quite sure what to do. He’d only ever had two friends before, and they were friends with each other. What was the protocol for this?
“That is the most badass thing I have ever seen.” Tony blurted before covering his mouth horrified. “SHIT. I’m sorry sometimes my mouth just goes without permission and I say stupid things that make people hate me and I’m sorry I just said that about your arm that is so insensitive it’s just like I like robots and mechanics and I’m so sorry gosh I’m the worst.”
Tony tried to say something, but he couldn’t. Oh god, his uncle ordered a hit on him, and he was in danger, and by proxy all of his friends were in danger. He needed to tell them who he was, but he couldn’t do it out in the open. They needed to be somewhere secure where Tony could make sure no one was listening.
“I was only wearing it for a couple of hours, before the fight in Wakanda, before… Well, before that. And after, it was never really the right time and I mean, it worked, didn’t it?” He shrugged again.
“No. No we don’t trade lives, you’re right. But Tony, you have to understand that I have to try, at least. Don’t you?” And that was just it. Because he did understand, of course he did. He knew Steve, after all. So, he nodded, even if he wished to could just shake his head and pull Steve closer, pull him away from all danger and into his arms. He knew that Steve would come, willingly. But Pepper was right, neither of them could rest at night, knowing that they hadn’t tried everything that they could possibly thing of.
It smelled like lavender and something herby that Pepper would probably recognize but Tony didn’t, by the time that Tony helped Steve into the bath. Steve hissed as the hot water hit his skin, but moments later he was settled, eyes closes with a blissful expression in his face.
“Aw, kid, that’s sweet,” he said. “So, now that you have finally noticed me, I brought a guest,” Rhodey said with a nod in direction of the kitchen.
“Hey, what is it?” Tony asked after a while, because by now he had learned that actually talking about stuff usually worked a lot better than trying to ignore it and hoping it would go away. Also, he definitely wanted to know what was going on, because he did not enjoy seeing Peter being so nervous. The boy shrugged, then looked out onto the water. He stopped walking for a moment and nodded when Tony pointed out a bench closer to the shore. They sat in silence for a while.
“I’m glad it worked,” she answered, equally quiet, “I’m glad you made it.” He pulled back a bit, looking at her. She- looked tired, but good. Happy. Probably just as happy Tony had been, with waking up when he’d been sure he never would wake up again.
“But it could be better?” Peter shrugged, clearly already thinking. Tony smiled. “Wanna find ways to make it better?” Peter grinned, nodded.
“I- I don’t know,” Bucky said, sounding lost. Steve was looking at him, hesitating. He had been very careful not to push memories onto him, so he obviously didn’t want to start doing so now. Tony looked at both of them, still so young and somehow unexperienced.
“Hey, can I hug you? Shake your head if you’d rather I not and I’ll go get Sam.” For a moment, Bucky didn’t react, then he carefully and very hesitantly nodded. Tony smiled and pulled him into a hug, keeping it light in case Bucky wanted to leave. He didn’t talk, didn’t offer any platitudes, but he also didn’t move.
“Hey, do you mind if I call someone while you sit here?” She shook his head, eyes closed. He took a deep breath, let it out slowly. Okay, he could do this. It would be fine.
“You know,” Tony said after a while, “Pepper and the kid aren’t gonna come back tonight, they’re spending the night at her parent’s. If you wanted…” He drifted off. He was pretty sure that Steve would decline, wouldn’t stay the night either way, but he wanted to offer, at least. Make sure that Steve knew that he wanted to. But Steve was shaking his head, even before Tony had finished his sentence.
“Save Nat,” Steve answered, as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. And yeah, maybe for him it was. But for Tony it meant losing him again.
It was dark outside when Steve left. They were standing on the porch together, underneath a sky full of stars. It was weird to look up and not feeling scared anymore. After everything that happened, he could finally enjoy their beauty again. Still, he was mainly looking at Steve. They were holding hands and Tony could feel him controlling his strength, clutching his hand without hurting him.
After a while, Peter seemed to calm down. He let go of Tony but the hesitation was very clear in every movement. He even tried to hide his face, although Tony wasn’t sure if that was because he was embarrassed about crying or something else. So in the end, he decided to react just as he would with Morgan: something nice to drink and cuddles on the couch.
Bucky never joined them when they had sex, wouldn’t even come after, even though both Tony and Steve made sure that he knew that he was always welcome. The whole relationship was strange, at least right now. They hadn’t talked about it, not really, which meant that they didn’t know, if Bucky wanted to join them or if all he wanted was to share their bed sometimes, just to sleep. Whatever he decided, both Tony and Steve were happy to have him, but it was hard sometimes, not knowing if they were risking pushing Bucky too far, too fast or if he was just waiting for them. Tony knew they had to talk about it and do it soon. Communication was key in any relationship and especially so in a poly relationship, because they needed to know that everyone got what they needed, that everyone knew where the other stood. So, in the end, they just asked. It was still early in the evening, but the three of them had decided to turn in early and they had been laying around in bed, clicking their way through cat videos on youtube, because that was something that both Steve and Bucky seemed to never get bored with.
Bucky stared at him, looking misty eyed, too and he could feel Steve pressing his face into Tony’s neck, hiding his surely blushing face. It was sappy as hell, but also nice. To know that they felt it, too.
“You can borrow some of mine,” he said, as if that was reasonable. As if Bucky didn’t have his own clothes just in the next room. But Steve still didn’t let go, obviously determined to keep his lovers as close as possible. Tony gave Bucky a look, trying to figure out what he wanted. Just because the man was calmer now, more comfortable around them, didn’t mean that he would feel comfortable getting changed in front of Steve and Tony. But apparently, this was not a concern. Bucky shrugged, gave Tony a small smiled and took his shirt off. Okay, not a problem, then.
“I-“ he broke off, took a deep breath, let it go. It was very obvious that he did not want to say what he was planning on saying and yet. Tony had half a mind to just stop him, but it was obviously important. Peter took another deep breath and then said: “I’m trans.” Which- was not what Tony had expected at all. But okay, he could work with that.
“I love you, too,” he said, “Tony. I love you, too. I had to- I never imagined that I could get another chance, when- when you married Pepper, I thought…” Tony smiled at him, but then he hesitated. He didn’t want to risk ruining the mood, but this was important.
“Yeah, I’m-“ His voice sounded wet, but Tony didn’t comment on it. There was nothing he could have said, not with the tears on his own face. Morgan was watching him, reaching up to touch him cheek.
“Oh, for god’s sake, go hug her,” Tony said, laughing as they both suddenly moved, clashing into each other in the middle of his living room. What even was his life? He had thought that it was over, all of this, them crashing his place whenever they felt like it, but no. No, even after all this time, they were still here, freeloading his food and gadgets, playing hide and seek with his daughter.
Bucky was sitting on the porch, staring out into the darkness. It was late, Morgan had been brought to bed hours ago and even Steve had gone to sleep. Tony had been planning on doing the same, just before he noticed Bucky sitting outside. So he changed his plan, made two cups of tea and went to join him.
Eventually, they did pull apart, if only because Tony needed to breath and Steve probably needed to sit down. Or go back to the hospital, holy fuck.
Steve nodded slowly, as if lost in thought. After a moment, he pulled the chair closer, sat down. “I’m glad you’re okay, Tony. I- well, historically, it seems like I’m not always on my best when I’m not around you. I’m-“
That was- unexpected. Steve was looking at Tony, clearly at loss for what to say and Tony was almost amused that he was apparently the “adult” in this relationship.
“Did she put you up to this?” he asked, when it became clear that neither of them was going to say anything. Wilson grinned, but Barnes shook his head.
Morgan didn’t have a problem with that development, not at all. She took to her new uncle Steve, uncle Bucky, uncle Sam (shut up, it was hilarious, okay) and aunt Nat with ease, enjoying having so many people over who all loved to spend time with her.
Nebula nodded and quickly crossed the room to stand in front of Peter. He stared at her. She reached out and offered her hand to shake, which only made Peter look even more nervous. She frowned and looked at Rhodey for help. He laughed.
“Love you 3000, daddy,” she said and yep, Tony was dad enough to admit that this made him cry. A little bit. Rhodey smiled at him and pulled the blanket tighter around both of them.
Clint agreed. In fact, he was more than happy to come over, although that might be more because Steve bribed him with the promise of food. He came by a couple of days later and with Nat and Sam visiting as well, the kitchen was more than filled. It was fun, watching all of them move around each other, laughing and teasing each other about one thing or another. It was one of Bucky’s better days, so he was right there, too, talking to Natasha and Pepper with a giggling Morgan on his lap.
“Yeah, it’s good to hear you, too. How are you doing? Everyone okay? We didn’t really get a chance to talk, since- well, you know.”
“Good. Doing good, just as last time we talked. Two days ago. What’s going on?” Damn, Happy was way too good at this. But then again, they had worked together for ages, so it kinda made sense.
“He’s going to try and save Natasha,” he said, not at all surprised by her gasp, the way her eyes were suddenly wide. Hopeful. Natasha and Pepper had had a thing going on almost before Tony and Pepper got it together, that first time. They worked, the two of them and Tony was eternally grateful that Pepper had chosen to stay with him, to let herself be shared, because there was no way he would win against Natasha. He had been a mess, for big parts of their relationship.
Steve was alone. No Barnes, no Wilson, just him. He looked- good. Calmer, as if he’d had a good night’s sleep and a couple of good meals, more settled. And he was smiling, which definitely was a big improvement to the last time he’d come here.
“I- I can’t,” he then said, sounding lost and dejected. Tony couldn’t help himself, he had to reach out, taking Bucky’s hand in his.
“Okay,” he said, not really knowing what else to add. But then again, his job was to listen right now.
“Not spiders?” Tony asked, earning a glare from Peter. He grinned. Peter threw a pillow at him. Which was obviously a declaration of war, at least in Morgan’s eyes. He hadn’t exactly expected her to team up with Peter, not two minutes after meeting him, but well, he wasn’t really surprised. And he definitely didn’t mind.
Bucky stared at him, eyes wide and unbelieving. But there was hope, too, or at least Tony imagined seeing it. Maybe it was his own, reflected in Bucky’s eyes. They were silent for a long while, just sitting there. Bucky was clearly thinking, absorbing what Tony had just told him. Tony was mostly wishing that he’d have told him sooner.
“Which one?” Tony wanted to know. Morgan began rattling of all the movies she knew and liked, which were basically everyone with a princess in it.
“Steve was here last night,” he said. She looked surprised and Pepper had no reason to fake it. Not that it mattered either way.
“Yeah, but they came for a visit. The others are still at the compound, but Nebula wanted to know if we could come and see you. I- I assume that’s okay?” They hadn’t really seen each other during those five years, which was obviously something that Rhodey knew.
“Okay perfect. Can I talk to you for a second, Bucky?” That had him sending an almost panicked look in Sam’s direction, but he didn’t protest. He set down the bowl of frosting he was holding while Tony passed Morgan over to Sam and then followed him outside on the porch.
“No, I know, it’s fine.” Steve laughed and for a moment it almost sounded like a sob, but his eyes were dry.
“Cookies and cuddles now, talk later, okay? I mean-“ he stopped, considered what he was doing. “I realize I’m kinda treating you the same way I treat my five year old, which yeah, I can stop doing that, but-“
“Are you wearing a binder?” Peter frowned and Tony quickly shook his head. “I’m not- Actually, I don’t care about that, I just- That was never a factor that I included in the making of the suit and I was just wondering if there was anything I could do to make it, you know, more comfortable. Safer, too, I guess.”
With that, Rhodey leaned over, laid a soft hand on his jaw to turn his head. His lips were warm and familiar, just as the kiss was. It was perfect.
“I’m sorry,” he said instead. “I didn’t mean to bring back these memories, I just-“ Tony shook his head.
“I- yeah, in an open relationship? I mean, we’re not monogamous, never were…” Steve was staring at him with wide eyes, surprised, so that was definitely a new information.
Tony woke up between the two supersoldiers, both of them cuddling up to him as if they were afraid he might leave. Not that he had any intention to do so, at least in the near future. It was a good feeling, actually, to be in the middle, with a gorgeous man on each side. He remembered the conversation of last night with Bucky, him not being sure about joining them, somehow clearly wanting but also afraid, so afraid. Now that Tony knew that Bucky might be asexual, it made a bit more sense. It was very well possible that Bucky had been afraid that he could not join them, if he didn’t want sex. Or that they would push him. Tony still wasn’t sure if the hadn’t already done that, but the fact that Bucky had decided to stay, hadn’t left during the night at least pointed in the right direction. Maybe he really did want this. Maybe all he had needed was a word, a concept to understand that he was normal. Well, as normal as anyone’s sexual or romantic orientation ever was.
Eventually, the kids got bored of their game and decided that they wanted to watch a movie. Morgan demanded Disney and she was immediately supported by Peter. Nebula didn’t know what Disney movies were, but she seemed to be in favor of everything her siblings wanted, so Disney it was.
“Did you ever hear about asexuality?” he asked. Both Steve and Bucky stared at him. Tony was pretty sure that Steve had heard about it before, but Bucky just looked confused.
“I can’t- I don’t know what they did, but I-“ Bucky closed his eyes and Tony very desperately hoped that he wasn’t reviving
Steve was still looking at him with wide eyes and Tony got the sinking feeling that yes, that was exactly what he had thought. But then he shook his head, sitting up a bit more (and fuck, they definitely needed to take care of those ribs, that did not look healthy).
“It’s good to see you away, too,” she said, just before Morgan apparently decided she was done with her breakfast and wanted to do something else. Namely, jumping up on Tony’s bed, shrieking with laughter for some reason. Pepper caught her before she could land on Tony’s chest, which was probably good. She did let her crawl all over him though, after looking at him for a moment, so it seemed like he had passed muster. Actually, that was a good question.
“What is positive in a story about a girl whose family is horrible to her?” Nebula asked about halfway into the movie. Peter shook his head, a faint blush visible on his cheeks.
“Has that happened before?” Tony wanted to know. He had never noticed, but the arm was Shuri’s work, so he hadn’t had any reason to.
“Come to bed, Bucky,” Steve said, and that was apparently what he had needed. A moment later, they were all in bed. Steve pressed a soft kiss into Tony’s hair, before he reached out and put his hand on Bucky shoulder. It was warm in the middle of two supersoldiers, but good. Safe. He turned his back to Steve, smiling when he snuggled closer and reached out for Bucky again. He found the prosthetic and curled his hands around it, ignoring Bucky’s questioning sound.
“Thieves and liars, all of you,” he mumbled fondly, before he slid his arm around Steve’s waist to help him inside. “Come on, let’s get you settled. Wilson, Barnes, you’re on babysitting duty.” At least that had them stop laughing for a minute. Ah well, they’ll live.
They ended up cooking dinner together, standing in the kitchen, moving around each other while music softly played. Tony was kinda dancing though the room, gathering all the things they needed, while Steve was chopping vegetables. It was simple food, steak with roasted veggies. They were drinking apple juice out of fancy wine glasses, because Steve didn’t care for wine too much and Tony didn’t drink anymore (he had stopped the minute Pepper had told him she was pregnant, and he’d never regret it). Steve was talking, telling a story about Scott and Bruce, and it was almost too easy. To pull him in, to dance around the kitchen with him, to lean in and kiss him. It was the easiest thing in the world, right now, even after all the years and missed chances.
“How dare you insult my baby? Engineering is the forefront of innovation. How dare you? The things I’ve invented alone would blow your mind!” Tony exclaimed.
Tony pulled into the driveway where Jarvis’s car had been that morning. Tony felt a tightening in his throat and looked away. He was going to be alone. Truly alone, in this strange place. He didn’t have any sort of defense out here. He had his money here, which he wasn’t allowed to use for anything else but like food. So, he couldn’t protect himself with that. He couldn’t protect himself with his name. He couldn’t protect himself by threatening to tell Pepper and Rhodey. These people didn’t even know Pepper and Rhodey. Tony felt sick all of a sudden. He walked into the house and dropped onto his knees so he could address Dummy from his height.
The downside of the explosion was that Bruce didn’t duck quickly enough and was splattered with the bright green chemical. It wasn’t acid or anything so Bruce would be fine, which was information enough for Tony to burst into uncontrollable laughter at this sight of his new friend looking perfectly at home coated in green. Tony had to admit it complemented his purple shirt well. The random thought caused Tony to burst into giggles again. At this point the rest of the class had cleared out and the two teens were the only ones in the room. Bruce wiped his face off with a paper towel and the two exited the room.
“I was kidnapped in order to make weapons for a terrorist cell in Afghanistan. The problem is me and my family believe that it was orchestrated by an inside man whose attempt was to murder me. So, they stuck me here until they could figure out who was trying to kill me.” Tony wrapped his arms around himself. He knew he was shaking slightly. He hated talking about this.
“It was my uncle.” Tony managed to say. His other friends were asking questions and looked extremely confused, but Natasha got it. Her face darkened dangerously.
He startled when he felt a hand touch his shoulder. His heart seemed to stop and for a moment his eyes widened and he wasn’t seeing school hallways; he was seeing pain and blood and darkness and water everywhere. He blinked and it was gone. He blinked again and then turned to look at the person who touched him. He wasn’t particularly tall. His eyes were framed by faint smile lines and his hair was styled back. He didn’t look like he was going to attack Tony, so Tony just stared at him with a puzzled expression. What did this random kid want?
Tony thought about it. A high school party involved a lot of people, didn’t it? Tony really didn’t do well with lots of people. Even though interacting with his new friends were helping distract him from his trauma, it was very much still there. He woke up every night from nightmares, he couldn’t stand crowds, and water was a definite no. He had heard them say pool though, and if the options were day at the pool or party, he would prefer a party without question.
He held his breath when he saw all his friends were all gathered around underneath the tree outside where they normally met afterschool. They were smiling and laughing, but Steve’s posture was rigid. Tony knew he probably looked pale. He could feel that his eyes were huge, and he knew that they were red and swollen from glancing in the bathroom mirror. His face was slack and emotionless, but he couldn’t help the shivers that ran through him every couple of seconds. The conversation stopped immediately when he approached. He locked eyes with Natasha.
He squealed when he saw Rhodey standing in his living room. He threw himself into the taller man’s arms.
The movie was abandoned in favor of a good old fashion card game. Clint pulled out an Uno deck from under the coach cushion, and Steve sputtered. It was clear that he didn’t know there was a deck of cards underneath his couch.  Clint was passing the cards around and Tony was debating whether or not to tell them that he had never played before. Apparently, the confusion showed in his eyes because Natasha gave him a sad knowing look. Tony learned how by going last in the circle and was quick to catch on. Friendships meant nothing in this game, and he was happy to oblige.
He thought about it. So many things were happening. His uncle had been caught, and the search for threats was coming to a close. He would be returning home soon. His friends would be graduating high school in a month. He was about to go to prom with the love of his life. He blinked.
Bruce was sitting to the right of Tony in Bucky’s jersey. Bruce had rolled his eyes when he took it and asked Bucky if he wanted to go steady. Bucky had growled back about Steve making the team give their jerseys to people, and he didn’t want to lose another hand by asking Natasha. Bruce was a similar size to Tony, but he’d chosen to wear a hoodie on the outside of the jersey that kept it from slipping off his shoulders. Tony debated doing that, but he liked the idea of Steve’s last name and number being legible on his back. Sue him.
Clint was dying in the corner. Natasha was patting him on the back because he was quickly becoming his own choking hazard. Bruce had his head in his hands, and Thor was consoling him. Let it be said that Tony never found any normal people to be friends with.
“I don’t want to make you uncomfortable, but we need to know what happened. I think it would be good for you to talk about” Natasha said placing a gentle hand on his arm.
“Look at me, Stark. You are not at fault here. Shitty things happened to you. I have no idea how it feels to be betrayed by your own family, okay? I’m going to guess that none of us here do. But, I’ve lost an arm. I was a kid with a bright athletic future, and I woke up in the hospital with one less arm than I had the previous day. I couldn’t do anything I used to be able to do, and I missed it like hell, but I could never get that back. But that wasn’t my fault. A drunk asshole did that to me just like your uncle did this to you. I didn’t deserve it and neither do you. Terrible things happen to great people all the time, Tony. This isn’t your fault. And I survived even after all that shit. I can play football again. I got some of those things back that I longed for, and it was hard work, and I hated every god damn second, but I did it, and so will you. You’re going to go to therapy and struggle and overcome and one day you’re going to be able to swim or be free of constant nightmares or take your shirt off without being ashamed. Because you are strong as hell, Tony. You are a survivor, so don’t you dare berate yourself for surviving when the world tries to kick you down. It isn’t fair. Life never is. So, stop talking shit about my favorite coffee addicted genius, okay? I love him. We all do. And I’ll kick anyone’s ass that tries to hurt him.” Bucky’s jaw was tight, and his eyes were suspiciously wet.
That was over an hour ago. Tony hadn’t left any detail out. Due to Steve’s lack of knowledge on technology, it took him some time to comprehend the act of chipping. Steve repeated the word, trying to make sense of it all. Left in a state of bewilderment 17 years ago regarding the reason he and Nat would sleep together, Steve now knew Justin Hammer was to blame.
Then Bucky showed up, asking out loud, who had been at the door only to find his husband standing at the doorway. T’challa decided to take his leave. “I’ll be going. Take care, James.” He said and Bucky let the King hug him. “Greet your daughter for me as well.” He added as he left and patted Sam’s shoulder in the process. Sam said his goodbyes as well.
After the service, Maria, Harley, Morgan and Peter stayed with Sharon and the rest of Peggy’s family to offer their condolences. Steve was able to leave Sharon’s side when Tony sought him out.
“They don’t like me.” Stephen concluded after a while. Tony stayed silent. “Neither does your mother.” Maria still hadn’t warmed up to him even after being properly introduced by Tony. So, yes; everything he said was all very true but Tony wasn’t going to say that to him. “She said several times that you don’t date doctors. Can I ask what that’s about?” Stephen added.
"I dated around. Nothing serious." That was a lie. Tony had actually proposed to several other men during the period after he divorced Alex and before he married Daniel. He was desperate to find a partner whom he could share his life with. He just wasn't going to tell Steve that.
“As are you Mr. Wilson,” Friday & Karen responded simultaneously. When did Karen and Friday start calling people cool anyways? There were just too many questions with Wade. He pulled out a white box from the draw and waltzed over to Peter.
Morgan’s stomach growled at the sight of it. She hadn’t had an appetite lately, but she couldn’t pass up on this. She scarfed the sandwich down in no time. Nathan was glad to see this and then he was leaving the room again, saying he’d be right back. He returned with a box.
“Actually.” He whispered. “I was thinking about getting on birth control.” He confessed. “And I wanted to talk to you about it first.” Because Peter liked to share almost everything with his mother.
“I think Morgan would like the red, white and blue one,” Peter suggested. Tony shot up and turned in the direction of Peter’s voice. Tony looked over the banners again.
And for the entirety of the affair, that was all Steve ever wanted to hear. Tony had told him time and time again that he would never leave Pepper for him. He loved what he had with her. He loved his perfect family and he let Steve know he would always choose his family, come what may. But now. Now? Now, Tony was telling him he wanted him, that it was over with Pepper and they could be together. It was all he ever wanted. But what about SJ? Where does SJ fit in all this?
“Tempting...” Tony commented, stopping himself from going any further in Stephen’s shirt. “But I gotta go back to dinner…” he trailed off, before suggesting he join the family dinner. Stephen looked unsure.
business.” He punctuated his words with a slight raise of his voice. “You lost that right the day you decided to stick your dick in someone that wasn’t me.”
“You know we’ll always be here for you Tony. Always. You deserve happiness,” she punctuated her last sentence by resting a hand on Tony’s. Tony seemed conflicted with himself and Pepper noticed. “How are you Tony?”
“Dad?” Harley whined. “Seriously? I was just joking you know.” He hadn’t had sex in a while. He didn’t do drugs and alcohol was the furthest thing on his mind.
“You two know babies get older, right?” Steve teased. Wanda rolled her eyes and Vision responded. Of course, they knew. “This is a big responsibility.” Steve lectured. He used to treat Wanda like she was his own when they had first joined the Avengers. Back when her and her brother where playing for the wrong side and discovered they were more than just pawns. They were just kids in Steve’s eyes and Vision was a good person…machine? He was good. Both were young and inexperienced. A baby was no walk in the park.
“Yeah.” Carol responded, stepping into the bathroom. He heard the bathroom sink running. “She’s such a great person. She has a good heart. She –”
Tony cleared his throat and lied. Easily. “I was just flying around.” He took the nanotech arc reactor off his chest to punctuate his point. He placed it on the nightstand by his bed. “I hadn’t done that in years and I wanted to clear my head.” And he sank back onto his pillow, pulling the covers up to his naked shoulders.
Across the room, Tony introduced Stephen to Maria and she apologized for not believing her son would be dating a doctor. He had sworn off doctors and everyone except Stephen knew it. Steve was watching the scene unfold.
She’d slept over plenty of times before. Nat and Bruce didn’t think anything of it and neither did her parents. They knew they could trust them. They were smart kids and Morgan especially, knew better.
Stephen stopped his sucking and looked down at him. “Your kids are teenagers, Tony. They’re all probably having sex.”
“Okay.” She smiled as her eyes glowed and lightning formed around her, transporting herself from her room to the comforts of Harley’s dorm room. She appeared in the middle of the room and Harley stood up instantly to pull her into a hug. She rested her head on his shoulder and Harley sighed, happy to be holding her. He needed this. He hadn’t been this close to her in months or ever really, and he missed it.
“It’s the hardest thing I’ve ever had to go through but I know I’ll get through this because I have so much love and support from my family and friends.”
“Well. No. Not really...” She stuttered. And Tony had heard enough when she finally finished her statement. “…but we have the baby coming and we don’t want to be living apart –”
Stephen took in Tony’s appearance as best he could. He was seated at the side of his bed. His eyes were having a hard time focusing and he felt the room spinning. To him, Tony looked as if he had been crying. “Were you crying?” His pained expression softened, dissolving into confusion.
She saw Harley’s mouth fall open. That was huge deal and not something they should discuss lightly. “Torunn, please don’t abandon your birth right for me.”
“I missed you too.” Anna said, observing his face and staring into his red orbs as she pressed him against a wall, while standing between his legs.
Nertha stepped forward from the side, bowing slightly in respect for her Uncle and Aunt. She greeted them and they acknowledged her. “I must inform you; I saw Harley leave Torunn’s room the morning following her coronation.”
“We don’t have any more kids.” Tony sniffled, turning around, hugging Steve hard and burying his face in his neck. Steve sighed. Tony’s mood swings and emotional outbursts were always the worst thing about his pregnancy.
After he got back Nicky that day in court, Steve stayed with Sam and Bucky. He didn’t see why he’d ever leave when he realized he had two men who loved him and his son so much. One year into the relationship and they got married. It wasn’t common to have a three-person marriage, but they made it work. Steve dropped Rogers and took both their names. Steve Wilson-Barnes. And a few months later and he gave Nicky their name too. They were a family after all and fast forward a bit and he was pregnant, with not one but two babies. Lucky for him, one was Sam’s and one was Bucky’s.
“Why would you say she isn’t our daughter, your sister?” He asked. That’s all Tony could focus on. Was she really not their daughter? If not, who had they let into their home, their lives and their hearts? Tears threaten to fall. He was scared. He couldn’t lose his daughter again.
Peter took back his seat so he could process the information. “Alright. ’Say it was her who killed Hammer. Does that mean she’s been working with Hammer from the start? Since we were babies?” Peter asked in disbelief. Did that mean their Aunt Nat wasn’t really chipped that one night she had slept with their father? Was that just hers and Hammer’s plan?
He had put Nicky in his little hospital bassinet by his own bed so he was shocked out of his mind when, he woke up and didn’t see him there. Then there was the sound of feet moving back and forth in the room and little whispers and coos? Because Tony freaking Stark was standing at the foot of his bed, Nicky bundled up in his arms.
Stephen then sat on the bed by his thigh, resting his hand on that area. “So, you weren’t with Steve?’ he asked.
Tony joined them in that moment and Steve pulled him in closer with an arm around his waist. “How was your shower?” He questioned him.
“I know. I’ve been too busy but I’ll definitely come see you more now that you’re living at the mansion.” She was happy to hear that and only noticed in that moment that there was someone next to Steve.
His lips curled up into a smile and Stephen was ready to taunt him again when they saw and heard Maria Stark approaching them. “Steven!” she called out.
. He couldn’t say that to Tony though. Instead, he turned the bathroom lights off and joined is fiancée in bed. He loved saying that. Tony was his.
Friday took a minute to figure it out. The screens projected around him flashed many computer codes before it settled on a company logo. “It’s Hammer Tech Sir.”
Until then, Tony and Steve were more than happy to have them stay in one of the guest houses on their property.
He eventually moved away from Pepper and greeted Amelia prior to leaving. Another anticipated conversation followed.
“Sure thing. I won’t say a word to Uncle Tony.” Torunn promised and Anna knew her word was gold, it came with her good-hearted nature.
“Then everything will be okay, Harley.” Jacob patted his shoulder. Harley met his eyes in the mirror. “You got this.” Harley was starting to wish he had taken up his mother or father’s offer of staying with him while he got ready. Instead he tried to put on a brave face, but damn was he nervous. So, he took another deep breath and pictured Torunn’s smiling face.
“But not happy for me.” Sif spoke for her. She never would be. She and Thor had dated before Sif. He was going to marry her, make her Queen one day but Carol didn’t want that. She could never be anyone’s Queen. She hadn’t even thought marriage could be an option for her until she met Rhodey and settled down. And Odin, who was King at the time, would never let an outsider sit on the throne alongside Thor. He arranged a marriage with Sif. She was a strong noble warrior and of Asgard. She would do well as Queen. Thor had no choice but to obey his father’s wishes but vowed to Carol that he would end their marriage and give up the throne (Loki or Hela would gladly take it) and be with her once Odin had passed. None of that happened as Sif had gotten pregnant and he would never abandon their child.
Morgan put her phone down and took a sip of her cold beverage. “Has he finally gotten rid of the depression beard?”
Steve pulled out, reluctantly, and removed Tony’s right leg from where he had hiked it to get better access to the now, cum filled hole. He heard a another moan pass by Tony’s lips and Steve chuckled knowing how much Tony loved to stay connected after they came together. It wouldn’t have been an issue this time around either if Steve didn’t have a certain plan in place.
Tony sat at one end of the table with Steve at his side who pecked his lips quickly before getting up to make sure Brook was doing fine being held by Peter now. He watched their family interact, feeling insanely happy, thinking how much he really loved and appreciated everyone present. He looked over at his mother who was busy at the kitchen counter finishing up breakfast and all he could think in that moment was the one thing she always said,
Steve, with a tray of food in hand, was staring back at him when Tony woke. He was seated on his side of the bed and smiling at him.
But Tony let out a little laugh. He might have even chuckled. He didn’t believe that. He trusted Steve. He trusted Nat. They would never do that. It had to be a joke. He looked to Steve in hopes of seeing him laughing. He wasn’t. He seemed conflicted with himself. “Steve?” he inquired. This had to be a joke. This had to be a sick joke.
he thought. He couldn't imagine caring for a baby at this stage in his life and to think, he had been considering it with
Caught up in a trance of the sight that was Torunn’s naked body, she pushed backwards so he fell on her bed. He tried to form words. “Torunn, I –”
“So you did kill Hammer.” Morgan chimed in, approaching her parents and younger sister. “You were working with him.”
“Tones, I thought we were going to try to work things out.” Steve saw a pout form on Tony's lips and his eyes glistened with sadness. “You gave up on us.” And though the kids resented Tony for choosing Strange over their father when there was the opportunity for them to get back together, Steve couldn’t love him any less.
“Hi,” he responded, his hazel eyes weren’t the only thing smiling. They stood there lost in each other’s eyes like two idiots. The sound of the timer going off which Wade had set for his cooking was what brought them back to reality. Wade cleared his throat and hurried to his kitchen to get his food out of the oven. Peter took this time to take in the contents of Wade’s apartment. It was small but quaint. He could see bits of Wade’s personality shining through in each piece of décor.
“One. I know what you look like, you’re my son. Two. Karen and Friday are linked. And three, I like to keep tabs on your medical records.”
“Wonderful.” Maria exclaimed. “Morgan never wants to garden with me.” Morgan groaned, faking anger at her grandmother’s words.
“I love you. I love you so much.” And he kissed his forehead before he was between his legs and hiking the right one up with one arm and slipping into Tony again.
He should have known that. Who would defy him? “What does it matter now? You’re happy with him, right?”
Tony met his eyes. “Because I want to be with you. Because you make me happy. Because I do love you, Stephen.” He swore, he did but he loved Steve more.
Tony shook his head. He didn't want that and so he turned to his children. "Are you two satisfied now?"
“No. Not yet” Peter took Wade’s hands in his. “Karen, please lock my door. Don't let anyone in. Not even my parents.”
“I’m going to miss you.” Tony responded as Steve entered the room, got around to greeting everyone and finally taking the empty seat by Anna. His hair was almost fully blonde again after a few weeks of growing out the brown and Tony noticed his beard was gone. He missed a beard on Steve. It made him 10 times more attractive. Tony almost bit his lip, in arousal. Almost.
Steve held Tony’s hand as he spoke. Tony squeezed it gently before Steve retracted and decided to hold him at the waist instead, craving any physicality he could with their baby. Their four children watched them curiously as they remained silent for a time as they stared into each other’s eyes.
“Sorry about that.” Harley sympathized. He didn’t know what he’d do if for some reason the relationship with Torunn suddenly ended, not when they were planning to spend the rest of their lives together
“I don’t like secrets between us Rems.” Anna breathed when they pulled away, she cradled the back of his bare neck and he groaned as she wilfully intensified his pain. She could see the prominent outline of the veins in his neck and a fire lighting in his eyes. He was aroused. Anna chuckled, removing her hand as Remy swallowed, hard.
“Were you just waiting for my relationship to fail?” He had to ask, furrowing his eyebrows at her words. He knew Morgan didn’t quite favour Stephen, but he didn’t know it was this bad.
“I can’t. I got a thing-” Harley started. He was hooking up with some random girl later on and Tony could tell that’s why he’d be busy. His former player behavior must have been genetic because Harley was everything he used to be and more before he met Steve.
He managed to squeeze more information out of Justin before he was taken into the custody of SHIELD’s intensive and impenetrable prison. He’d learned where his alleged daughter was living – Xavier’s Institute for Higher Learning, a home and school for mutants; he’d learned that Sharon Carter wasn’t carrying Steve’s child but in truth it was Justin’s.
“And me?” He sat back on his side of the bed. Tony was leaning at the bathroom door. He figured, putting this distance between them might help.
“I’ll take you to him.” She provided, extending her hand out to Winter. She grabbed it eagerly, waving goodbye to her parents. Bucky was fine with that. Sam was a bit on edge.
“Fury is working the investigation.” Tony went on. Steve didn’t see the need for such nor did he understand Tony’s fascination with it but he let Tony continue talking. “He has reason to believe Hammer was working with someone else besides Sharon and that person might just be his killer.”
“So you’re some kind of superhero?” the guy, Deadpool inquired, circling Peter at this point like a shark.
Nat sat forward. “Fury says there was a second person who infiltrated SHIELD on the night of, but they can’t I.D. any of them.” She was as curious about the investigation as Steve and Tony were, fearing the killer might extend his wrath to her. If that person was helping Hammer, there was no telling for how long. As early as the chipping incident or recently where Sharon was involved and the poisoning of Stephen Strange? Fury kept her informed as the investigation progressed.
“No. I couldn’t let u leave after you came all this way,” Stephen did live far away. “Looking so good,” Tony was nibbling on his bottom lip as he reached a hand into Stephen’s unbuttoned shirt.
“Baby. I’m serious.” He spoke, wholeheartedly, sitting up as well. He didn’t know if his little bit about Steve was true or not. He was irritated and annoyed at the fact that Steve was always mentioned whenever they had a conversation. He couldn’t get rid of him apparently.
“Thanks.” Harley responded, as a matter of fact. “After the whole mind control fiasco, I’ve decided to live my life differently –”
When she had opened her front door, she averted her eyes at Wade and then at Peter with a scornful look as she alternated between speaking in English and Spanish. It went on for a while with Wade trying to get a word in when Ellie popped up at the doorway beside her mother. The little girl looked more like her mother than Wade by a long shot, but Peter could still see a hint of Wade in her when she smiled up at him; one of her front teeth missing.
“Sam texted me. And I figured it was a good a time as any to give you your Mother’s Day gift.” Steve handed over the box. “Happy Mother’s Day.”
“You can leave now, Lila.” Sif commanded. Lila curtsied and left. “Always some jealous ex or the other.” she said, thinking of the first time she’d interacted with Carol Danvers following her wedding with Thor.
