In fact it had been the work of forty-six year old, asthmatic Marty Groucher. The very lonely, much ignored, barely remembered and extremely pissed off ghost of an employee who had died of a heart attack himself late one Friday night after slaving to meet a deadline.  After some digging, on Dean’s part since Cas’ people skills were still kind of rusty (“DID YOU KILL MARTY GROUCHER?!”), they had uncovered that Marty’s body hadn’t been discovered in his office until later the following week. No one had missed him, no one had particularly liked him, and not even the cleaners had deigned to clear up his office for him. Until he’d started to smell that is.
“Home. Now.” He orders.
“No wonder he went postal.” Dean sighs, as they break into the office block after dark.
Dean pulled out the seat opposite, slid in thoughtfully. “You see, I’ve been thinking about that. We don’t know it got destroyed now do we?”
“Because it’s unbelievably hot.”
like this. Nothing compared to this. There’s lights behind his eyelids. He’s struggling to breathe and thinks he may possibly be having a heart attack. Or at least, Dean must be able to hear his heart thumping.  He moans wantonly, not caring who might hear.
He leans over the edge, taking in the rush of the world below. Pinpricks of light in the darkness. A thousand tiny homes glowing boldly against the night.
“Dirty talk, really?” But Dean sounds delighted, he pushes into Castiel’s hand so Cas makes his movements more sure. Dean cries out before recovering slightly. “But you’re not ready yet. Don‘t want it to hurt.” He repeats breathing heavily, kissing him once more, sucking the sweat off Castiel’s lower lip.
And he won’t apologise for that.
The realisation hits him once more, making his knees weaken as he leans against the rusted metal railing. He feels the bone-deep caress of the icy wind. It ruffles his hair causing him to shiver from the sensation. He is cold in his body. He can feel it. His body. Now his only body. Only his. Has been for some time.
Dean shrugs. “Sorry ‘bout that.” And if that isn’t the most absurd thing he’s ever said he doesn’t know what is. He’s apologising for his own death now?
He rests his forehead against Cas’s and just breathes. “You’ve always had this.”
Dean hesitates for a moment, mischievous smile slipping into something more thoughtful. A shadow passes over his face but his words are oddly composed. “He’s fine. He’s cool. Bit of a know-it-all actually, you know Sammy.”
He thinks bitterly, hands clenching the rail. The coolness stings. His joints feel stiff from the long climb up to the roof top. He’s standing more than five hundred in the air. It’s not enough. Too static. Stars peek through the gloom, edging over the city. He sighs as the night whispers to him, bringing with it the dull sounds of humanity; motion, traffic, the wind.
It was the sound of Dean’s choked off, desperate, gasp for air that snapped him out of his pained daze.
He fingers the edge of his collar subconsciously.  The bruise – a hickey as is the technical term – left him with mixed emotions. Slightly dismayed that he was human enough to bruise so easily and undeniably aroused to an extent.  It was a possessive mark. On his body. Made by Dean. A sign to the world that he had been somebody’s for a while. Someone cared enough, got lost enough in his body to want to leave a mark behind. A brand almost…
When the words make Dean smile, Castiel has to kiss him because it’s open and honest. Dean with-out the bravado. He runs his tongue along the seam of his lips then whispers: “More.”
He rolled over on to his side, folded his arms sullenly across his chest. They were in Dean’s room tonight. He often spent the night in Dean’s arms now. It was just safer that way. Made sense to share.
Dean gives him his best death glare. “Is that supposed to be funny?”
He feels a flare of anger at that. The sensation is not unfamiliar, but unwelcome still. Anger is petty but so are Dean’s words. So patronising. He didn’t expect sympathy. He doesn’t deserve it. There is nothing Dean can say to make this better. He should stop trying.
But Dean still won’t tell him what he did.
The aftershocks of the blade don’t fade. He feels shaky, drained as though suffering from withdrawals. He craves the weapon. He craves much more…
They are both a little stunned at the finish. They lock eyes, swallow hard, breathe heavy. Castiel’s legs loosen, releasing Dean from their deadlock. They’ll both have bruises tomorrow. There’s just the sound of their ragged breathing, the sweat cools on their body and Castiel has no idea what to say again. What could they possibly say that would top that? There’s an awkward, stunned silence.
He begins carefully. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m happy for you two. Mental scarring aside, I knew there was always something there between you guys. I just… I guess I never knew you liked men.”
He laughs nervously and pushes a hand back through his hair, making it spiky.
“What is what?” Dean’s eyes widen too innocently as he takes a sip of his soda, lips pursing around the straw in a way Castiel has to admit is rather enticing. He has had to wear his shirt collar up at an awkward angle to the hide the mark Dean left against his skin. They haven’t mentioned telling Sam about the changes in their relationship, but he knows it’s best to be discreet until absolutely certain.
Castiel doesn’t know how he’s ever going to stop wanting this. The desire for Dean is worse if anything. Now he knows the way he moves, the sharp line of pleasure and pain, the sounds he makes against his skin. He’s never wanted anything on the level Dean inspires. He doesn’t know if this is natural or some leftover ‘angel mojo thing’ as Dean would say. How can he stop touching? If he were still an angel, he would be scared of marking him again with the intensity of his emotions.
“He came back before-“ Dean murmurs through numb lips, barely aware of what he is saying, suddenly feeling a chill go through his entire body.
“I’ve always wanted you.” Dean answers bitterly, automatically. He knows he’ll regret this honesty when his blood has cooled, when his body is no longer screaming for Cas, but right now he can’t care. He’ll admit anything to get Cas to stop looking at him like that. Like he’s devastated this isn’t real (he hopes that’s what that look means anyway. They’re not fools. They both know how the other feels. They’ve just never been brave enough to admit it).
“No. It’s my muscles. They ache.” He peered up at Dean. “M’sorry. Not strong enough.”
“Right! Yes! Jesus Cas, what else could I mean?” He sounds exasperated now.
He slyly snakes a hand between their bodies so he can wrap it around Dean‘s cock, so hard and practically aching. He thumbs at the tip and Dean shudders, eyes slipping shut. His fingers slip harder into Cas. Their moans intertwine, a delicious chorus. “You
“It’s fine,” Castiel brushes the request aside, pretending not to care. He feels like he’s close, so close to something. To having Dean again in the future, to claiming him, making him his even if he doesn’t know it.
Does Dean really hate him now?
“Did I hurt you?” Dean whispers, cupping Cas’ face, inches from his mouth. He feels it curve against his own in a smile and fights the urge not to smack him for being mocked.
“Sorry, sorry…” Cas gasps, unsure of what he’s apologising for.
“It’s fine,” He says, yanking his arm free of Castiel‘s grip. “No it’s ok, don’t say anything. I’ll just go and find some unsuspecting woman for an unpleasant night of ridiculously frustrating sex yeah?” He’s only half serious, but now Cas looks angry, as angry as Dean feels. He grabs Dean’s arm again before he can get away. He thinks he’ll have a bruise from that grip.
“Butterfly enclosures. Presses edges of a cut together.” Dean answers gruffly, tongue tip poking out a little in concentration. Castiel’s stomach flutters.
“Hey,” Dean’s voice is as soft as the gentle way he traces Castiel’s lower lip with his thumb. This stops Cas from biting it, and he smooths over the mark. “Weird is you and I like it, I really do. I just mean I think we’ve shattered enough rules of our friendship for one night, don’t you?”
“I don’t follow.”
Castiel made a scoffing sound.
“Welcome to the real world.”
“You know what we both need?”
“Come on now, it’s alright. You’re strong, you’re just…in recovery mode,” Dean murmured carefully.  Castiel couldn’t help but smile at Dean’s sensitive words.
The voice is nasal, an unpleasant edge for all its supposed good humour. Dean whirls around.
He watches over Dean, sat beside him on the bed as he channel-hops on a beat up, old television set. Dean lies on his stomach, head pillowed against an arm, both warm and naked. Sunlight filters through garish yellow curtains, casting a golden glow over Dean’s skin. It’s enticing.
“We’re going round in circles Cas. I always want you. You’re
“Are you O-”
Dean’s smile is almost feral as he runs his hands down Castiel’s back, slipping in sweat so that he can cup his ass and squeeze.
Embarking on a sexual relationship with Dean Winchester does not only feel good, it’s also proven to be very, very distracting.
“How bad?” He winces.
It’s fun watching Dean try to be responsible and focused while he touches him like this. He watches him carefully. Adjusts his grip and rhythm every time Dean’s expression subtly shifts, or his hands clench, or whenever his hips buck forward encouragingly. He watches for when his eyes go wide. He wants to become reacquainted with his body, know it better than Dean does himself. He wants to play him like an instrument, coax those beautiful sounds out of him once more, and then create some new ones together.
“Daphne wasn’t a guy.” Castiel points out evenly.
“I am a man now Dean,” He says slowly, as though talking to a simpleton. “There’s no way to work around that, I’m afraid.” He adds sarcastically, just as the waitress comes by to clear their empty plates.
Dean looks beautiful in his concern.
“You’re welcome, Cas.”
He face feels a size too big, raw and painfully tender. He bets that doesn’t look so pretty.
Castiel raises his eyebrows, but doesn’t pause to ask as he continues to trail two fingers down the naked planes of Dean’s back. He presses down, steals the graceful warmth from his body, fingertips tingling.
“This isn’t working - I can’t-“
Castiel finds himself smiling gently at that. The levels of Dean Winchester are staggering. Just when he thinks he’s seen it all. “You don’t need to be nervous. I’ve never been with a man either.” He swallows hard, debating whether or not to say it at all. “It didn’t seem to be a problem the other night.”
He chanted the words, threw the ingredients into the bowl haphazardly. Paced. Waited.
They lock eyes and Dean has to burrow his face into Castiel’s neck upon the sight. “Oh God, keep touching yourself…” Dean begs in his ear, unable to help as that would mean releasing his grip on Castiel’s body, losing his angle which is too perfect.
It made him feel powerful. In control. No one would be able to hurt him or his brother now, not when he had the first blade. A killing machine, as Crowley said. But now Crowley is gone, the blade with him. And all that’s left is the craving, the pangs, the dark yearning for his arm to be complete again. To hand himself over to that darkness once more, where there is no guilt, no vulnerability - just the kill.
“You’ve really been thinking about this haven’t you?” Sam asked, feeling his stomach drop. How could they get Cas’ grace back? More deals with the devil, with Metatron? No. Never again. They couldn’t trust him.
The aftermath...
His hips begin to stutter wildly and is occurs to him that Cas is letting him. Is allowing him this movement, to take what he needs. He thrusts into that soaking, tight heat and Cas just takes it. Looks up at him for a moment with wicked, burning blue eyes. Dean is sweating, sticking to the floor, His hands grip Cas’ hair so hard it must hurt. He’s thrusting up into Cas’ mouth and it’s as close to heaven as he’s going to get. Better. It’s too much. His stomach muscles tighten excitedly, whole body burning, tightened up. His pleasure is cresting, building so rapidly he’s being pulled over the edge and his hips jolt frantically, Cas practically intent on sucking him down his throat apparently, gripping his ass, lifting with all that strength, pulling him closer so Dean can grind into his mouth. His throat, wrapping round, squeezing. It’s indescribable. Blinding. Ecstasy.
It goes on for a while; his body is taut like a live-wire. He’s so incredibly beautiful. His eyes are closed and Castiel watches him through it all. The way his body strains, the desperate way he snatches Castiel up, as if rooting himself here to the present.
Cas crushes down a flare of inappropriate amusement.
Confessions in the dark.
He doesn’t know what else to say though (there was never this awkwardness before he fell was there?) and settles for a: “What’s that?” as Dean unpeels something from a clean white wrapper.
He thinks they’re doing pretty well, considering.
“Doesn’t look that deep.” Dean remarks and Castiel watches the shapes his lips make to form the words.
Castiel isn’t sure why he needs a second but holds still, clenches around where they are connected to intimately, experimenting. This causes Dean to groan almost comically loud.
“Where is Metatron?”
“He lives with me and Sam, yes.”
“This is so weird,” Dean murmurs against his lips, arm supporting him on the pillow, before kissing Castiel hotly. “You have to say. You gotta say if I’m doing this wrong.”
Castiel, to his credit, does not gloat, or even smile triumphantly. His eyes look serious, as if he’s been handed a trial from God instead of the task of getting Dean off, he thinks. Then feels a brief flicker of shame at the blasphemy at the thought. It’s so wrong but his body even likes that in this messed up state he’s in. His cock pulses in Cas’ grip, and that’s all it takes to make the angel react.
“I did this?” Dean asks, voice unsteady.
Dean frowns at that, briefly places one hand on his knee. Castiel has to struggle to stay still. “You’re just having growing pains.”
“Cas would be safer?” Sam prompted, reading his brother like an open book.
Castiel finally has the courage to meet Dean’s eyes and they are blazing. Whether Dean is furious with him or Metatron, he doesn’t know. How many times will Dean take him back, shake him and put him back together again? He notices Dean’s fists are clenched. He’s so angry. Still beautiful.
Castiel is taken aback by the heat even through his boxers, the way Dean tilts his head back and moans when his hand shifts, like he can ever forget the image. He has to reach out and lick a line up his throat then, can’t not.
They both cry out as Dean sinks in deeper. So hard, seated fully within Cas’ body.
He shimmies lower, so he can crouch atop Dean’s lap. This motion accidentally causes Dean to grunt with arousal, hands clenching on Cas’ denim-clad thighs. This makes him pause for thought before experimentally bucking down onto Dean’s crotch again, ever so slowly. Just the once. He grins with triumph when Dean cannot contain a groan.
“I want you to be my responsibly don’t you get that?” He runs his hands restlessly through his hair - a motion so adorably familiar it almost makes Cas crack a smile (he doesn’t. It would hurt too much). “When I saw you there, God I was so scared, Cas. I thought you were…”
“But…this isn’t you. I can’t – ” Cas’ hands are clenching-unclenching by his sides, and he shuffles uncomfortably. Dean could laugh, it’s so adorably familiar.
“And we suffered for your mistake, yet again.” Lia concludes, furiously. He cannot disagree.
Castiel remembers reading that head wounds bleed a lot even if they are small. That should be comforting. The shock of pain in his head is startling, surreal. He feels the searing intensity of it and begins to panic a little but not for his own welfare.
“I like to feel the wind on my skin.” He confesses instead, feeling stupid saying it out loud because it doesn’t compare. It doesn’t even come
He calmly continues to undress them, running his hands down the smooth skin of Dean’s chest, bringing up goose bumps. He tries to suppress the madness of before as he processes Dean’s words.
“I’m worried about Cas too Dean, really I am. I’m just saying there has to be another way.” Sam sighed, smiled a little sadly. “Cas will heal in time. We did.”
Sometimes, only sometimes, Castiel thinks the slow path isn’t so terrible after all.
his brain supplies unhelpfully, though reassuringly like something the old Dean would say out loud. He’s ready to storm out, nothing like a good exit, when Cas is gripping his arm, fingers crushingly tight.
He slides his hands down his arms until he finds Dean’s, and links them gently together. He leads him over to the bed so they are able to sit down on the edge, hands still linked.
“Off topic.” Dean hisses, hand slapping the table to get Castiel’s attention once more. “You had sex with that Daphne chick?”
Dean goes very still at that. Again. “Jesus. You shouldn’t be saying stuff like that.”
He is fallen.
“I thought it was hard to keep tabs on you when you still had your wings.” Dean sighs sadly, pacing the narrow balcony in exasperation. The words are thrown so casually but every one hits Castiel like a punch. He actually gasps in pain, making Dean look up anxiously.
He feels like he’s on the edge of something good, pressed tightly under the heat of Dean’s body, pushing down encouragingly. Dean knows how this works. Castiel doesn’t know how, or when he found out, and he doesn’t mind. There’s one finger inside him, breaching him, stretching him bit by bit. It glides slickly, if not uncertainly. In and out, so careful and smooth. The slow build of friction is driving him mad.
“Hmm yeah,” Dean forces out. “Just give me a sec.”
“What was in the spell?” The blade shimmers in front, red with his own blood. He gladly answers what he can, just for a brief respite.
Castiel tilts his head in confusion, focusing on Dean’s presence rather than the matter of his own humanity. “Then why do you?”
“And you want to be his knight in shining armour?”
Castiel wonders why.
He gives Dean his best sensitive stare, trying to be alluring.
He wraps his own hand around the length of Castiel confidently, causing him the shudder out a deep moan that he could be embarrassed about later. Right now, he shoves his hips up, seeking more warmth, more friction. He stills because he doesn’t want this to be over so quickly, closes his eyes, swallows hard, counts to ten.
He clears his throat uncomfortably and focuses on the conversation at hand.
He sucks at Dean’s lower lip, remembering how much he likes it and is rewarded with something akin to a growl and a longer, slower grind that has his mouth watering and every drop of blood running south. He’s shamelessly returning the gesture before he knows it, feeling like a wild animal because it’s crazy, dirty and good to just rut against him like this. He doesn’t feel an ounce of embarrassment at the desperate sounds he’s making. He wants this - has wanted this for so long. Rationality at bay.
“You. Me.” He flaps his arms around. “With the whole ‘diving for my tonsils like it was going out of fashion’ thing.” Dean blurts out, voice much higher than usual.
He nods enthusiastically, closing his eyes. Hears Dean laugh lightly against his skin. When Dean peels back his shirt collar for better access, undoing the first few buttons, he bares his throat without listening to doubt or irrational fear.
“Jeez Cas! What’s gotten into you?”
Castiel was left feeling as confused as when he had been an angel. Humans were always saying one thing and meaning another. It was so frustrating! It was a wonder they even developed the ability to communicate in the first place.
Dean kisses him again and it leaves him shaking as he remembers the meaning behind those words. His other hand slides down Cas' bare chest, digging nails in slightly which Castiel strangely likes. Especially when Dean’s thumb catches the peak of a nipple. It leaves him breathless; pushing his hips up against Dean’s, unbidden and restless. Pleasure zips up his spine, pools in his stomach making him fist the sheets from the hot sensation.
“I need you.” He growls out, angrier than he intended. Why is he always the one who has to say it? Why can’t Cas ever just
He gently cleans the wound and Castiel has to bite his tongue at the first touch, it burns so badly. Cas pulls back a little, startled at the sensation. This causes the hunter to grab his chin firmly, cradling and positioning the fallen angel’s head in his hand. “C’mon don’t be such a baby,” he scolds half-heartedly.
He can hear hurt and rejection in Dean’s voice and grabs his arm before he can slip away.
His eyes shoot open. He swears. He curses. He may even have chanted the full, in depth Latin of an exorcism, the way his brain was short-circuiting. Dean thinks he will be lucky to have any motor responses after this. Because this. The way Cas has him. His jeans are pushed down his thighs so he’s just a curve on the floor, exposed with Cas’ head moving between his legs. All that hair, his tanned hand wrapped around his base. Chin scratching delicate skin. Dean’s legs spasm helplessly, it’s all he can do not to scream as he digs his feet into the floor, spine curving in ecstasy.
“Course I don’t.” Dean rolls his eyes. Castiel makes a note of the sarcasm and feels frustrated.
He was still trying to be playful but Castiel could detect a real hint of insecurity beneath the bravado. He pushed into Dean’s grip lightly. Pleasure fizzing through his veins, mind whiting out slightly. It had been so long.
“There’s more, isn’t there?”  Castiel prompts reluctantly. Dean doesn’t even bother to deny it before a whole pile of questions topple over.
When he eventually pulled up at the local convenience store five miles away and parked up, he felt a distinct feeling of pride that he was doing something so normal and helpful. Then he reminded himself to reign those feelings in. After all, he was still trying to prove he was more than just the baby in a trench coat, now that he was human. Even if he was still wearing said coat, albeit over jeans and a black T-shirt, topped with a navy-checked plaid shirt.
The angels charged at the voice, gone in a blur of speed. Castiel couldn’t even call out a warning. He was so tired.
Dean pulled back, face hovering above his own. “I don’t care.”
He hadn’t wanted to trade for money or any of the rare and weird items in the Impala. Had only wanted one thing. A favour in return.
----------------------------------------------
“Yes!” Castiel shouts, cutting him off, sliding up to meet him. Dean is lifting his hips now, trying to reach even deeper inside and Castiel could cry with how good it feels as he presses down. He can’t stay still, whole body jolting, cock being rubbed between them, too sensitively. He feels spilt around Dean, and when he shoves in again, they both cry out deeply. He hits that wonderful spot just right and Castiel clenches, writhes, moans against Dean’s lips (Cas has a moment to think that they got it wrong. If God didn’t want homosexual acts to be committed, why make this feel so wonderful, so right and pleasurable? Because He is indifferent to sexual orientation, that’s why. Who could be hated for having loved?).
Dean guffaws, looking both proud and delighted. “I meant the pie, but hey! Good to know…”
But Dean never got to finish that sentence. Or to catch his breath back just then. Because Castiel had gracelessly pulled him up by the shoulders, forgetting all about his smarting hands, cupped the back of his head with one hand and kissed him.
Dean’s making a joke he thinks, though he detects no hint of amusement in his tone. Dean sounds tired. Resigned. But he’s here. Here on this crappy grey rooftop amidst rusted deck chairs, bird droppings and the iced chill of the wind. That means something. He doesn’t know what anymore. So many feelings rush towards him. It’s horrible. It’s overwhelming. He grips the safety railing tight once more. The city beneath starts to spin.
“Sorry!” He immediately adjusts his grip, but doesn’t let go. He can’t. Doesn’t want to stop. Doesn’t know how to stop touching. He studies Dean’s face very closely, inches from his own. He shifts his hand slowly, relishing the soft warmth, a layer over that hard need. All for him. This makes him a little light-headed. He knows he’s doing something right when Dean’s eyes fall shut and he rocks into his grip, just a little.
Dean switches off the TV and cradles his head in his folded arms. He can see it. The faintest imprint now on his bicep. Red marks, slightly raised, forming the shape of a huge hand print. Still there – still a part of him, always.
“What?”
Dean peers over his shoulder, eyes relaxed. “See something you like?” He makes a kissy face and winks.
“What? Do I know what I’m doing?” Dean sounds a little hurt at that, words sharp and desperate. “No. But I’m going to find out. Gonna make it so good for you, I swear.”
?” The incredulity in Sam’s voice almost makes Cas smile.
It was archaic, but he kind of liked it. Because that someone was Dean.
“You don’t hear him screaming in the night.” It’s not a shout, not remotely angry. That’s what’s worst of all. It’s quiet, filled with deep pain. Sam knows what it’s like to have those nightmares, and to see someone you love suffering from them too. He’s shared enough motel rooms with Dean after all. The image is striking, deeply upsetting. He can’t stand the thought of Castiel going through the same thing, of Dean having to hear it every night.
He soon disappears when Dean slashes to knife in the air, aiming for his throat.
“I feel so much. So much all the time. I don’t know how you stand it.” He clenches his fists, glances up at the sky. Pin points of stars glare down at him through the clouds as dusk approaches.
Dean was taking angry bites of his burger, not meeting his eyes. But he said he wasn’t jealous. Why should it matter if he’d slept with someone else? Dean wasn’t exactly as pure as driven snow! He contemplates saying this but realises that would probably make things worse. Punch-to-the-nose levels of worse.
Sam was left with no choice after Dean had flatly refused to take him on the latest hunt.  He was even reluctant to take Castiel after the last disastrous salt and burn mission. The fallen angel frowns at the memory, causing a twinge of pain in his nearly healed laceration. Cas had threatened to cut the stuffing out of Dean’s beloved memory foam mattress if he was left behind too.
They settle back into an uneasy truce, an imitation of life before. It doesn’t work. Dean knows how much Castiel wants now, and everyone’s mad at each other. Sometimes, Cas can hear the brothers yelling at each other no matter what room he’s in.
Dean is muttering gibberish now. Mostly repeating Castiel’s name and swearing, whispering filth into his ear which makes Castiel even harder. But there are words that are perfect, words filled with sweetness and awe.
It’s not like he is concerned by Sam finding out. Not really.
This isn’t him. It’s so wrong. Sam is here too. They both look at him with matching expressions of confusion. He has to leave the room, mumbles his excuses as he staggers away. Get to his bedroom - anywhere - away from his best friend.
He sighs, breath hitching. “Don’t know what’s with you…” He repeats, gripping Castiel’s biceps tight. “And I-I meant the whole – nhhg! – STD issue.”
Castiel chuffs laughter at that, can feel Dean’s smile curve against his skin. “Don’t make me laugh. Hurts too much.”
He suddenly wished his little brother was there with him. But that would be impossible. For obvious reasons…
Perhaps he is being a little naïve, but as far as Castiel is concerned, very little has changed concerning their relationship anyway. He has always loved Dean. Now he can show it. Act on such urges.  Now he can love Dean and is capable of feeling it all as a human.
He places his hands on Dean’s shoulders so that he may push him back a little. Just so he can look up at those eyes. Dean sees him through a screen of lashes and is so breathtakingly beautiful, Castiel nearly forgets his words.
He’s awake enough to not let that one slide by. “I wasn’t the only one.” He murmurs indignantly.
Dean sits astride his lap, straddling him. It’s all very distracting. He firmly peels Dean’s hands away from his body, gripping his wrists for a moment. Dean quirks an eyebrow and pouts a little which Castiel chooses to ignore, fighting down a smile.
“Oh.” He says, before Dean’s mouth finds his and he’s kissing him hard. Harder than before. He’s pressing him into the pillow and impatiently pulling the sheets down so that he can fit between Castiel’s legs. One hand is angling his jaw painfully, so it falls open, allowing him access so flesh can slide along flesh. His tongue invading, causing Cas to groan deeply.
“Ah ah Cas – not so tight.”
“Hunt went fine. The ghost has been moved on to his final destination. No more causalities.” He chose to ignore the first question, close to babbling. “I think I should get you some fresh water...”
‘Friend’ seems like an inadequate word, Castiel muses, but it will do for now. He feels too much. He cannot separate the different emotions. He wants to lose himself in the comfort of Dean, to never resurface. But that would be selfish. The hunter is right -  Castiel has to fix this mess. This time he won’t forget that there’s only two people he can trust. Two brothers. So he steals Dean’s warmth and presses down all those feelings.
They both sip at their sodas awkwardly.
He’s kissing those full lips again, trying to crawl into him, Cas’ hands rest on his back, clenching. He rocks into the weight beneath him, causing them both to moan.
“What?” His lips are numb now, and there’s this pain spreading from his chest to the pit of his stomach. He’s flushed with rage and something akin horror. This can’t be true. It’s
Cas wasn’t so good at that lately.
He swore violently in Enochain, slammed his fists into the headboard before collapsing on top of Dean.
“You’re not ready…” Dean insists, though he doesn’t sound certain. He’s clearly torn between his desire to be inside of Castiel, and the need to make this as pain-free as possible. Castiel knows this, he just wants to make him happy.
He clears his throat before continuing to sterilise the wound with professional detachment. Castiel feels every touch, every graze down to his toes.
But it’s easier to lose himself in Dean. With his other hand he ventures lower, caressing that juncture where his lower back slopes into the softness of his buttocks, shapely and inviting. He palms that warmth, needing to touch, to leave pale imprints behind. He squeezes and Dean gasps, holding still as Castiel digs his fingers in, breathing stuttering. His other hand joins in to grip the other cheek, transfixed. He stays away from the enticing cleft, instinctively knowing that’s a conversation for another day. He finds he is suddenly obsessed with two dimples either side of his lower back, just above Dean’s ass. He briefly leans down so he can dip his tongue into each in turn; presses his thumbs into the dips above his thighs.
He huffs at that. “Maybe I wanted to make you flustered.” Castiel suggests, though he was doing nothing of the sort. “And you still haven’t answered my question.” He insists, voice low.
“No. Not just yet. It’s breakfast.” Dean grinned in that sarcastic way that drove Sam crazy.
He’d screamed into the night until his lungs and throw burned, until he’d nearly given up. Then the sound of wings had came. So he made a deal with the devil, figuratively of course, though he trusted Metatron no more.
When Dean breaks away for a moment, it is only so he can say: "You wanted me to show you."
“Did you now?” Castiel responds, barely keeping track of their conversation he’s so sleepy.
And he’s right. Biker angel’s methods are just as horrific as Lia’s.
“That Daphne!” He shouts in flair of inspiration.
He bites down the joking response of ‘nothing…yet,’ and blushes at his own impatience. He’s pulling Dean’s jeans down anyway, slowing his actions, wriggling out of his own. The hunter can only stare up in awe, eyes wide as saucers.
Cas smiles down at the goose bumps his touch raises, tracing the pink lines his nails had made earlier. “Do we need pornography?” He asks pointedly.
“I’m sorry Dean. But I think you should just say what you need to say.”
Dean rolls onto his back and Cas has to fight to keep eye contact. “Seriously, Cas. A slice of apple pie after sex… You got no idea.”
As if reading his mind, Dean loosened his grip, ceased rocking into him. Castiel regretted their loss already but could not deny there was also some relief in there too.
Cas’s hands slide over his back. They stay like that a long time until Cas breaks the silence. “I know what I said.” Cas murmurs against his skin, a little defensively. Dean reluctantly pulls back a little to meet his eyes. They are very blue and earnest, glistening with unshed tears. He cups Cas’s cheek gently because he needs to keep touching, reassure himself this is real and it
He seemed to be waiting for an answer. “
He’s seen the fall of ancient civilisations. Soared amongst the heavens, been worshipped throughout history. He has risen from the dead like Christ and Lazarus before him.  Has lived a thousand lifetimes, but never has he felt more complete, more at peace, than when he held Dean Winchester.
“I want.” Castiel confirms without a shadow of hesitation.
And that is the first time he is actually able to laugh at his supposed demotion to humanity. Dean coaxes it out of him, as natural as breathing. He has to kiss Dean for one very long moment then, claiming the smile as his own. He feels Dean thumb at the laugh-lines around his eyes, smiling fondly down at him.
There is complete silence between them as the sun slowly ascends over the sandy landscape, setting the sky awash with deep  shades of pink and orange.
But it’s
“And that’s why we can wait a little longer.” He strokes the mark, no fear or horror, and slides his hand down his arm into Dean’s hand. He gives it a squeeze before turning away.
Until Dean begins to laugh a little hysterically, burying his face in Cas’ neck.
“You don’t just dump something like that on a guy,”  He laughs a little hysterically, voice rough, eyes on Castiel’s mouth.
Castiel is suddenly overwhelmed by the image of Dean drawing to that conclusion.
He may not know what Dean is referring to, or what that worrying light in his eyes means, but he sure is determined to get better for him.
“SAM!”
Then he’s the once being gripped. Cas hands hold his face in place, pull him away with ease though his face looks flushed and he’s just as breathless as Dean is. He looks angry. His lips are damp and swollen, eyes shocked, pupils dilated, still so close they’re sharing breath.
Cas’ eyes are wide (hopeful?) at that. “This isn’t you,” he answers flatly, backing away sadly.
Dean.
Cas is worshiping his body. More blasphemy, he knows, but that’s how it feels. After the initial plunge, Cas smears kisses to the head, tongues the slit – a wet spike of sensation that has Dean sobbing. He laps at the head in interest, tasting, fascinated, before experimentally sucking at the springy tip, alternating with messy kisses. It feels wonderful. Beyond wonderful. Dean decides Cas needs a parade in his honour. He’s a fast learner. He’s
Cas sighs against Dean’s kiss swollen lips, pulls his body closer, savouring his heat, his taste. He hums contentedly, brushing his lips over Dean’s teasingly. They’re so good at this.
Dean ran his hands down his spine, Swirled patterns into his skin. Castiel shifted, sighing into Dean’s throat. He was frustrated, yes. But also warm, comfortable and loved. They remained lying like that for a few minutes, warm and familiar, uncertain of how to proceed.
Dean raises his eyebrows at that. “Seriously?”
“Hovering outside like an enormous giraffe of worry.” Cas snorts in reponse.
he feels like answering, feeling smaller than ever. He wants to be back on the roof again. Nothing but the air and the sky. The air and the sky and Dean…
“Oh.” Sam waits again, sensing there is more Dean needs to get off of his chest, but knowing his brother well enough not to push.
Before with Daphne… it was nothing.
“Nothing makes sense,” he whispers, hoping the wind will carry it away.
“Smooth,” Dean answered, eyebrows raised as he handed Sam a napkin. “Do I need to go all Heimlich on you?”
He lays over him, traces the contours of Castiel’s face, inches apart, almost looking shy. Definitely looking worried. “Did I…Did I hurt you?” He swallows hard, eyes wide.
He closes his eyes. Feels like he may combust or do something very embarrassing if Cas doesn’t act soon. He gets lost in the sensation. Cas kisses down his chest, quickly, not teasing. He caresses his body with rough fingers against sensitive skin, making him moan.
Dean stood up, stared at his feet whilst he paced around the dining table. “No one could hurt him that easily ever again. And he’d heal. He’d heal properly Sammy.”
Castiel huffs a contented sigh into Dean’s skin, eyes slipping shut once more.
He stared deep into those warm eyes, hungry all of a sudden. An image slipped though his mind with a flash of lust. “Can I be inside you?”
It’s gritty and real and the noises Dean’s making are incredible, he’s almost sobbing. Castiel wants to keep every one of them. How will he ever stop wanting to hear them? He sounds like he’s had an epiphany, groaning so deeply, Cas can feel it reverberate against his chest where they’re pressed together so tightly. He strokes Dean’s hair shakily, murmurs messy encouragement. Orders him to move.
“You mean I fuck up and you clean up after me?” He answers timidly, the curse word feeling heavy and distasteful on his tongue.
He reaches between them, touches himself. His erection has slightly waned since Dean pushed into him, but it doesn’t take long to leave him aching once more.
If he could just get the blade…
Castiel had spent the rest of that night checking in on Sam whilst trying to keep Dean‘s absence a secret. The last thing Sam needed was to worry about his brother. Sam had eventually woken up and claimed such behaviour was “seriously creepy,” a shadow of a smile spreading across his features.
When Dean bucks into that warm, wet cave, he effortlessly holds Dean’s hips down with the other hand, tempered angel-strength being put to good use. Dean would not be able to control himself in this state. He treats Dean’s movements as an annoying distraction from the task at hand, rather than viewing it as appalling bad manners, as anyone else would. Dean laughs hysterically at that, deep affection for the angel running through him beneath the insane fog of lust. It’s like he’s determined to learn, to please, to help Dean. He could cry from how good it feels as he takes him deeper, sucks gently. Then harder, bobbing up and down steadily at a slick, blinding pace.
“What?” He asks softly, head tilted, trying to calm his friend down. They’re both breathing heavy. Cas can feel the heat coming from his friend. Can practically see his thoughts whirring, even if he can’t read them anymore.
Cas fell first. It was sudden and sharp in its intensity. It goes on for rather along time, coating them both. It had been a while. Castiel was relieved to know that he could feel that way again. He nearly sobs in pleasure and relief.
Sam tried not to smile. “Look, just promise me you’re not going to running off to find that Metadouche.” He said, coining one of Dean’s nicknames. “Or at least, make sure you talk to Cas about this first. He may not even want to be an angel again.”
his body. That makes no sense.
He lets out a bark of laughter upon hearing that. “Ok. Fine. What
“I always want you.” Castiel answers automatically and Dean has time to think thank God. It’s all he’s ever wanted to hear.
He sees Dean go stiff in the gloom. He reaches over and turns Cas’ bedside light on. His face is awash with concern.
He hears the hitch in Dean’s breathing. Those fingers are back in his hair again, stroking softly, avoiding the sore spots. His face and body must really look awful if this is the only place Dean is willing to touch him. “They wanna keep you in overnight, check your noggin’s in working order. Then the police wanna see you.”
Cas took in his flushed features, the helpless moans he was making, that feverish look in his eyes. Even his hips contradicted his words, shoving greedily into Castiel’s hand, growing sticky. “Why?”
The lightly calloused hands are in his hair then, running down his spine, tingling. He wriggles on top of Dean as the arousal spreads lazily though his body, heavy and welcome for once. He listens to the steady beat of Dean’s heart, sighs into slick skin.
After a few minutes of doing a remarkably good impression of a goldfish, Dean managed to splutter: “No! Course not. No I am not jealous of you and your fake wife. Whatever you two did together while you lived your fake life is clearly none of my business.”
Cas’ eyes are blue. Ridiculously blue, deep, sweet, honest, hopeful and ancient. Dean feels like he’s barely scratched the surface of the (not) man before him, who is still holding his hands by the way. Cas is kind of goofy, he realises. He’s starting to feel hopeful. Stupidly hopeful…
The only comfort is how shaken Dean sounds. Cas made him sound like that. He likes it.
“…Jesus!”
Castiel grins at that because it is strangely comforting and he’s touched by his anger. He can’t help but notice Dean’s hair, stuck up all over. His lips look red and swollen, eyes soft and heavy. He sighs and says reluctantly: “It shouldn’t be like this anyway. Not with you feeling so angry with your brother.”
Dean waited until Sam had taken an unfortunately large bite of melon at breakfast before revealing that dramatic statement out of the blue. Cas was in bed, breathing softly, still curled up in the warmth of their combined body heat.
When Dean takes him in in hand, he cries out against his lips.
“But you were emotional when you came to my bed the other night,” He makes his voice deliberately low, looks up at him through a curtain of lashes. He notices how Dean’s breathing hitches. “Did I take advantage of you?”
They remain like this, pressed close, trading lazy, sloppy kisses as if they have all the time in the world. As if their heartbeats were unlimited. This is how Castiel always wants to be. Lost in the comfort of each other as if they were completely alone.
Sam nearly coughed the whole melon slice back up again.
After he takes down a Knight of Hell.
The ache in Cas’ leg and shoulder reassure him he hasn’t lost his mind. As does the way Dean looks at him now. The way he doesn’t shift his leg away when they meet under the table.
He looks like sin. Like everything a man might fall for.
“Yes.” Cas nods enthusiastically, completely serious, causing Dean to roll his eyes.
“I’m bad for you.” Dean mumbles, sounding dazed. “We both know it.”
Dean takes a deep breath, determinedly moving away from the subject of his brother. “I need your help.”
“I didn’t ask for an opinion, though I thank you for your concern.” He adds as an afterthought. “I’m just letting you know of my intentions and that I do not need a minder.”
“Cas…”
“Dean.” He repeated, the name pulled out of him in a gasp of joy and sheer relief.
“Shut up,” He chides, not prepared for the effect that smile has on him when this close. He feels giddy, breathless.
Lia pulls his shirt open, stands there watching, laughing as Biker sinks his knife in. He smiles when Cas cries out in pain. They like that.
He tilts his head back the savour the way Dean strains against his boxers, encased in cotton. It’s so new that he’s left aching, desperate to touch. His body arches back, skin pulling over his hips in a way that makes him feel beautiful in this body. Dean must agree too as he can’t stop touching, hands never still for a moment, leaving trails of fire in their wake.
It was so cold in the warehouse. Perhaps the place just seemed to radiate misery, associated with painful memories after all. The scribe was certainly taking his time - could angels even do that? Choose when to show up, which summons to obey?  Castiel certainly had on occasion. When he’d been betraying them - not thinking about that, Dean firmly pushed the thought away. Crowley had always been selective about turning up on time, every now and then too.
He is overwhelmed by the terrible, visceral sensation. His hands clenching, bound to the chair. Such a contrast to his life lately, Dean’s gentle, and not so gentle, touches. The soul melting pleasure. He thinks of Dean, his eyes, hands and smile, tries to stay with him, stay strong but he cannot escape the fact they are slowly torturing him to death.
His presence does not help.
Dean can only gape as Castiel leaves the room. He strongly suspects Cas would loved to have zapped out of the room, a snappy exit, it he still had his wings.
Still, he didn’t dare drive Dean’s ‘Baby.’ Just in case.
This is very obviously going a different way to S9 (did you see the sneak peak?!).
So he smiled softly, cupped Dean’s cheek with his other hand, traced that full bottom lip with his thumb. “You already have.” He stated, looking up at Dean with adoration.
He was satisfied and surprised to have taken such pleasure in enjoying a mundane, human task. He was fitting in, something he had never done his whole existence, not really. Even as an angel, he cared too much to have ever fitted in. He was getting better at being human. And then there was Dean. He had always fit so well with Dean - abrasively at times, but a perfect mess nonetheless. They made sense. Always through it all, Dean had made sense to him.
Then there’s Dean’s enveloping musky, masculine scent and the warmth is back, running up his chest before pulling him into his arms. Castiel wraps himself around Dean, breathing slowly, evenly. He tries to stay awake. Wants to watch Dean some more. He rubs his face against his chest, nestles closer.
Dean draws back, much to Castiel’s chagrin.
Tonight the stars are falling, falling all around him. He tries to catch them but they slip through his fingers, fading into something insubstantial, disintegrating into stardust. He weeps for their loss, screams out into the cold, dark abyss of the sky to no avail. He wakes up in a sweat, tears streaming down his cheeks.
--------------------------
The stinging in his eyes gets worse and Castiel tries to blink it away
Dean was right. When he pushes in, it hurts. It knocks the breath from him. It’s fiery, a good ache, stretched full, so full. But it’s fine. It’s okay. He gasps, bites his lip, grips Dean tighter, snatches him closer. He pushes in slowly, gradually, a tight fit that has Castiel trembling.
“Sex with you,” Castiel is clear to emphasise, realising he must have mislead Dean to believe he was still a virgin.
“Dean?” He asks hesitantly. Although he’s unsure of what he’s asking.
"I want to be alone." Dean keeps the bed safely between them as Cas edges closer. He stares at the floor. The floor is safe.
like Daphne? You’re not in a good place right now. You’re newly human, all guilty and possibly hormonal-”
“You’re killing me,” groans Dean. Castiel has to bite back a response (‘want to trade?’ perhaps).
“Come on Cas!” Dean huffs out another laugh and Castiel cannot contain the smile that follows.
And it hurt. It’s always a surprise, how much it always hurts now. He hit the finely carpeted ground hard, landing awkwardly on his back. He heard Dean call out his name in alarm before it was cut off with a grunt of pain. This caused Cas to struggle to sit up, afraid for his friend. Only when he’d stopped seeing stars could he glance up and see the middle aged, furious Marty in all his glory, still finely suited wearing a twisted look of hatred. And there he had stood over Dean who had hit the solid wall, flickering in an unearthly manner.
“So…that’s a thing.” Dean, ever the wordsmith, announces and Cas gives him one of those rare smiles that make the corners of his eyes crinkle and his whole face light up. It's just the best thing ever. Dean feels a tear spill down his face and lets Cas softly brush it away, no shame in it. He’s waited so long and fought so hard for this. They both have.
“But?” He prompts, searching those deep green eyes.
“Please don’t cry! No chick flick moments.” Dean suddenly says, eyes wide and filled with panic. He flaps his arms in an alarmed manner that almost makes Castiel want to laugh.
He’s at a loss, brain cells not working properly when Dean finally slurs:
They barely make it inside when Dean’s hands are holding his face so that he can press insistent kisses against his mouth, slipping from rough and easy into desperate and bruising. They’re turned around somehow. That’s definitely the door against his back, closing with a final thump as Dean presses him against it. His hands are a gentle contrast in his thick hair. One of his own hands finds the firmness of Dean’s waist and settles there, gripping hard, pulling him closer. The other rests against the warmth at the back of his neck.
“Exactly!” Dean nervous-laughs again.
“I’m fine Dean, just…don’t stop.” It’s a strange sensation, but he still wants more.
He may not be an expert on emotions and social situations but he knows Dean. Knows him well enough not to share the way he thinks and feels about him sometimes. Knows that Dean would flinch away from such confessions. He’s not ready to know that Castiel often thinks he is the only thing that keeps him sane. That he wants to touch or hold him so bad it’s a physical ache that he doesn’t understand, cannot interpret or translate into action.
Cas narrows his eyes. “You’re having an insecure moment.”
He hears Dean’s noise of surprise, possibly a yelp of pain. Whether it’s in response to the biting or the sudden unbearable tightness around his dick is anyone’s guess. He doesn’t slow. Doesn’t stop.
“Is there something you want to say to me?”
“You mean you want to skip to the part where you beg me for yet another favour because I’m so important and you’re so useless?” He grins.
Castiel has no idea what this means, what his words mean, no idea at all. He just clings to them. It gives him hope. Dean’s eyes blaze, he cannot read everything within those arresting depths. He’s torn with too many human sensations. Wants to yank him closer. Wants to run away. Dean is warm and Dean is here. He falls into the touch just as Dean pulls back, clearing his throat abruptly. Castiel reluctantly lets his hand fall too, missing the contact already.
driving me crazy.” Dean mutters childishly, refusing to meet Cas’ eyes. He knows Cas wants him, he said as much, so why torment him like this?
“You okay, Cas?” He allows his fingers to overlap Cas’ atop the handprint. A spark goes through Castiel at the touch.
He pulls back to brush calloused thumbs over nipples, eyes on Dean’s so he can watch every minute reaction. When he gasps, Castiel swallows the noise with a heavy kiss that rolls like thunder. He breaks off and with a flash of inspiration, turns his attention back to his chest. Feeling daring, he sucks one of the hardened peaks into his mouth. He enjoys the rumbled of a groan Dean makes, almost a pained grunt. He laps with his tongue at the upraised flesh, alternating between soothing and rough when he scrapes his teeth over the nub.
But apart from those associations, food was baffling. From the concept of cravings, the effort of preparation, the knowledge that you are often consuming something that was once a living thing. Very unsettling.
He smiles as he remembers the simple truth. “I’m already broken.”
to know.
“I just needed to kiss you.” Dean states firmly.
———————-
“You’re right.” Dean declares, voice now hard and uncompromising. “You should feel bad. It should haunt you forever. It should stop you sleeping or make you wake up screaming at least.”
“No,” He responds after careful consideration. “But I want you to mean it.”
He thinks he may have screamed, his throat actually burns and isn’t
“I’m broken.”
“Oh Dean…” He groans as Dean slides his hand to the soft underside of his leg. Dean stares directly into his eyes as he jerks that leg up and around his waist. Then carefully, thrusts forward, cock making contact where Cas’ leg meets his waist, slipping in the sweat that’s pooled there. He sees Dean’s face go slack with pleasure as the hard length of him makes contact.
“Cas!” He chokes out, sounding shocked.
“That sucks Cas. Real awful.” He says softly. Cas doesn’t want his sympathy and Dean knows it. “I guess we owe him a neck stabbing, the son of a bitch.”
If this were a movie, help would rush in right about now, he thinks wistfully. But they don’t. The angels cut him repeatedly until he is shaking, making up answers to get them to stop. Unconvincing gibberish that fools no one. He even gets desperate, and selfish enough to wish the brothers would come. Until he remembers that they couldn’t match the strength of two angels. Then he just feels ashamed.
“I wasn’t completely serious anyway. I have no right to take such liberties when you’ve been so good to me.” It came out too stiffly.
“Well if wishes were dollars…” Dean lets his voice trail off. He scoops the whiskey bottle off of the floor, opens it and takes a swig for himself before offering it to Castiel, eyebrow raised expectantly.
And it isn’t Sam.
He was physically damaged now, torso a litany of crisscrossing knife wounds. They were nearly healed up, but some scars remained raised, angry, pale slashes against tanned skin. He couldn’t stand to see that anger reflected back in Dean’s expression.
Dean pulls back a little, smile back in place. “Okay, so maybe I knew you were never going to the Karate Kid to my Mr Miyagi.”
“What do you want me to do?” Cas asks once he’s pulled away and Dean’s cheeks flame at that. How can he say what he needs, now, right now…
Then there was a slamming sound, flesh on stone, followed by a bright flash a light, almost blinding. The angels screamed. It went on and on. Their screams were still echoing after, when they were replaced by a stunned sort of silence. Broken by Dean, really Dean, he thinks - he hopes.
– Dean wants to respond. Instead he makes the mistake of meeting those eyes, really seeing that face. The affection and concern in those deep eyes. The stubble and thick bed-head. The buttons left undone beneath that coat. He’s smaller than Dean, but more powerful. Or is he?
Castiel’s laugh is fond, if not a little hysterical.
“Cas!” Dean cries out, sounding shocked. He groans comically. “You’re going to be the death of me.”
And so Dean does.
“Don’t say anything.”
Castiel sits on the plush leather sofa, hearing Dean’s footsteps thud around the bunker. He sways a little, feeling woozy from blood loss, trying not to bleed on the upholstery.
“Maybe I just wanted to get on top of you again.” Dean clarifies waggling his eyebrows like a fiend. It makes Cas laugh until Dean presses his body down in a way that has him shuddering with pleasure. Unmistakably, he’s not the only one affected by their closeness. He experimentally rubs the firmness of his thigh against Dean’s growing hardness, swallowing the gasp the action elicits. Castiel feels hot, light-headed. Hours of nothing around Sam, secret smiles, brushing past each other as they remain separate. Trying hard not to stare, to remember. Are they going to be reunited, right here on this cold floor? A desperate act of lust and recklessness? He doesn’t think he minds at all.
“What are you doing Dean?” Sam’s voice, calling over from the table, makes them both realise they are not alone. He sounds concerned and Castiel thinks they must look like they’re arguing, both so tense.
“It’s ok. This is fine… Dean?” Castiel’s rumble of a voice goes right through him and he has to bite his lip to stop himself moaning, burying his face against him, until they are a mess on the padded floor of the bunker’s gym. Castiel sounded so breathless, so vulnerable as if he was trying to be sure. “You’re allowed to want, Dean. You’re allowed to feel this.”
Dean made him feel all the way though his body, then and now. It was real, visceral and everything he’s ever accidentally wanted. Dean feels like home. Makes him crazy, makes him feel like he’d do anything - absolutely anything - to get to kiss him again. And that scares him.
“I said I want to go outside…alone,” He mumbles, forgetting the point entirely when Dean licks his lips – a brief flick of tongue but all too deliberate.
“Yeah.”
Comments deserve cookies.
“Need to know we can do this,” He murmurs. “Can we walk away and be okay?” His hands are getting restless as they run up and down Castiel’s arms.
“And how would you be taking advantage? I know who I am now, I’m giving you the advantage.”
“Yeah, yeah, I’m fine. Are you-?”
“Look Dean, I realise that you’re worried about him-“
This is turning into a slow burn evolution of a (sexual) relationship. I hope you enjoy and would like to hear your thoughts.
“I’m quiet because I’m in shock.” Sam states, looking up calmly. “I did just basically see my brother going at it on the training room floor with my ‘honorary’ brother.”
Castiel couldn’t help but smile fondly at the indignant look on Dean’s face. The way he stood with his hands on hips, slightly flushed from his efforts. Cas still thought he was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. Even when pissed off and on the verge of a ‘hissy fit’ as they say.  He tried not to stare as Dean bent down to search the lower drawers, graceful and strong in his movements.
Castiel is using both hands now to trail idle patterns over Dean’s body. “What?” He asks a little shyly, feeling hopeful. He’d quite like to do more stuff to and with Dean as he feels almost recovered. It’s a struggle to remain so calm when the sight before him makes his blood want to pool south.
“Spit it out Sammy.”
Dean does not say anything. Doesn’t prompt him in any way. But Castiel can feel his eyes on him. Knows he has his attention. Knows the soft skin around his eyes will be crinkling as they focus, possibly filled with trepidation but trying not to show it. It’s more than he could have hoped for. More than he’s allowed have.
He babbles more swearwords. Apologises for needing this so damn badly, for always wanting this, for never being enough. A messy confession of love tumbles out earnestly, between begging him to continue and more moaning.
He then proceeds to slowly make his way up Castiel’s body, undoing the shirt, button by button, kissing a trail along the tanned skin as it is unveiled. Licking, nipping and teasing his way up, achingly slow.
Dean huffs, voice pitched slightly higher to feign innocence. “Does something have to be wrong?”
care.” Cas admitted in a tiny voice.
“Dude, do you think this is funny?” Dean finally looks at him, voice cracking a little, eyes wide.
. He’s waited so long. Not even knowing who he was waiting for, all that time.
He tilts his head in confusion (the man gave him the bloody thing) as Dean avoids eye contact. “What do you mean?”
“Bad enough.” Dean answers bitterly. Cas doesn’t have to be a mind reader anymore to feel the waves of guilt rolling off of Dean. “When you didn’t come back, we traced your phone. And you were just…” His voice trails off, cracking with pain.
Dean folds his arms under his head, content to just watch Castiel it would seem. He continues his exploration, tugging Dean’s t-shirt up the slightest bit so he can press light kisses against the exposed skin - his warm and surprisingly soft stomach. He can feel firm muscle underneath and curiously dabs his tongue against the area, tasting salt and a fine sheen of sweat, tracing the light dusting of hair with his fingertips. Dean flinches, squirms a little underneath him, breathes more heavily. He presses hands against the taut skin of his hips to keep him still and Dean opens his legs obligingly. For one long moment, he’s entranced by those hipbones. Palms the smooth heat of them before swooping down to kiss one. He runs his tongue along the slip of skin, curiously. Then experimentally sucks down hard.
Dean makes a sound like a deflating hot-air balloon before slumping back down into his seat again.
He pushes that thought aside, expression falling. He knows that someday he may have to make a choice. He might be able to get his grace back, like his sister Anna before him. It’s what he’s longed for. But then what? Could he stand to forget all this? To lose the intense way he can now feel? To fall back into that marble-like perfection? He’s not so sure anymore. Unsure if he would even be capable of loving Dean. No. of course he would. He thinks he loved Dean before, as best as he could. Dean changed him to the core. He has died to love him.
So Dean enjoys dirty talk? Castiel is no expert on the matter. He’s seen snippets of porn. And yes, he‘s seen things in the minds of men, in Dean’s head so long ago when he had no real use for them. No context to slot them into and interpret neatly. Now he knows. Now he understands. It’s about stating your desires. About seduction. He wants to seduce Dean with honesty, with this new passion.
Castiel lowers his arms slowly, but does not turn to face him. He doesn’t know what Dean is asking for. Doesn’t think Dean knows either.
“Guys, I think I got something about this aaahh…” Sam’s noise of surprise is more of a shocked exhale. They break apart immediately, Dean springing to his feet whilst Castiel can only lie there, suddenly cold but unconcerned. “Excuse me!” Sam chokes out, a hysterical bubble of laughter in his voice as he scuttles back out of the room again.
Pain.
“I’m ready,” Castiel urges, running his hands through Dean’s hair. It’s been so long, so long. “Come on.”
Until the fire alarm went off and Dean pushed him away, gasping. A look of horror gradually replaced the soft-stunned expression in his eyes.
Castiel nods, letting the words flow over him. This is what he needs. This is what he deserves. He wants to be told. He wants to be punished.
When has anything between them ever been pain free? This is what they are, he tells himself. He clings to Dean’s body like a life line. His skin is so warm beneath his hands, between his soft inner-thighs, Dean's eyes are closed, lost in the sensation of Cas’ body. Castiel is tempted to ask him to pause while he adjusts, but the broken noise Dean makes leaves him trembling, nearly begging for more, to push through the pain. Dean’s too big, pushing in, bit by bit. The stretch is the most pleasurable pain he’s ever experienced. Exquisite in its intensity. The heat of Dean’s body is connected to that point where they are joined in a dance as old as the existence of humanity. Looking down to where Dean disappears inside him makes his head spin. He’s sweating, shaking now. Dean’s hand runs up and down his side, holding him together. The other props himself up over Castiel, looking down in awe.
He thinks he hears Dean rumble something else. Possibly: “No really. This is nice.” He could laugh at what an understatement that is but right now, it’s the best praise he’s heard in his entire existence.
“Do you forget that I’m nearly old as time itself?” He presses the full length of his body to Dean’s, suppressing a smile at Dean’s shocked expression and  resulting light shiver. “I do know how to fight, Dean. Not that I don’t appreciate your efforts to educate me.”
The faced each other, side to side, sharing warmth as the sweat cooled on their bodies. Cas could count freckles, could see the flecks of gold in Dean’s sleepy eyes. It was like the easiest thing in the world.
“What?” He wriggles tortuously on top of Cas, working up a subtle rhythm now, that makes them both gasp when they rub against the right places. “Oh, supplies? I’ve got…” his face flushes beautifully as Cas slips his hand back inside his jeans. The angle’s too awkward, but he manages to find that hardness, rub against that hot, yielding flesh. He places a couple of damp kisses beneath his ear, resists the temptation to bite (that’s apparently Dean’s forte).
Not enough, Castiel wants to say but doesn’t.
. He was going to ride Dean hard and fast until the pains faded into the background like white noise. He’d wanted it so
On the fourth morning, the nightmare was over. Dean had returned, all confidence, swagger and arrogant smiles. And Sam had woken, restored to full health - just like that - and welcomed his brother with a well-placed fist to the face.
“Our turn to watch over you.” Dean agrees, though his voice sounds solemn.
This whole situation is highly amusing to him. Dean goes through the concept of blocking, intending to help Castiel learn the key tactics self-defence. His warm hands position Cas’ arms into the best blocking positions, lingering a shade too long on bare skin. It’s quite sweet really, that he’s feeling so protective. Not at all annoying that he’s being underestimated again.
“C’mon Cas. This is gonna take all night. What else could the guy have left that could keep him here?” He sighs in exasperation.  “They already cleared out his office.”
“Thank you,” he says and if he indulges in a light but unnecessary touch of Dean’s arm again, who’s judging? Not Dean, judging by his answering smile.
.” He confiscates the bottle, placing it on the floor with a dull thud. “I’ve seen where that leads and I’m not letting you go there.”
Dean’s words eventually filter through his concentration and Castiel realises a simple truth. He could kick himself for not recalling it sooner. “I’m a brand new human, Dean. I’m clean.”
“Oh,” Dean says, then repeats again when the realisation sets in. That it was a good gasp. “
Half of them wants to kill him to see if that will break the spell of banishment. The other half just wants to plain kill him. Either way, he is confined to the bunker or having a minder for the foreseeable future.  Another level of frustration that leaves him wondering who will break first. He doesn’t want to be a burden. Doesn’t want to be coddled. It is humiliating. And of course, there’s that part of him that believes he deserves whatever the angels want to do to him. A part that grows every day.
“What?”
“Cas!” He splutters.
The resolve in Dean’s eyes was almost frightening, it was so determined. Cas had no idea what Dean was talking about.
. It’s ridiculous. It’s horrible. The door opens. It’s Cas. Of course it is.
“You’re hilarious,” Dean grits out though he can feel the curve of his smile against his cheek. “I have this gun oil for easing the way. Works well enough.”
The room is sterile, bright, white. He hears his heart race thanks to a strange machine he’s been hooked up to. For a moment he’d thought it was Naomi’s office. But no. He’s attached to a drip for dehydration and he suspects it also contains that wonderful invention, the killers of pain. Like the last time.
He is going to die here.
The best thing he’s heard in his whole damn existence.
This time, he lets Dean roll them so he’s on top once more. He wriggles underneath him, testing.
But Dean knows different. He has never had much faith in anything, but he believes in Castiel.
Metatron leans in closer, to whisper confidingly…
——————
. And he knows that’s archaic and all manner of wrong, but he doesn’t care. They can do this.
“What, no flowers? No ‘Welcome!’ banner? I’m so disappointed.”
He breathes in deeply, inhaling the scent of pollution, cold air and people. People just take whatever they want. Take his Father’s world and bring it to ruin. People are beautiful and deadly.
“It hurts.” He realises and he can’t make it go away. Can’t find a way to heal. He cannot even find the right words to convey the compressing guilt and horror. “It’s my fault. All my fault. I feel…bad. All of them. We lost. We all lost so
“What was wrong with her anyway?” Dean bursts out a couple of minutes later, just as Cas was beginning to enjoy his burger. “Who finds a naked dude with no memories, says ‘oh this here is one to take home to the folks!’ gets married, and bangs ‘em?”
“I’m supposed to be helping you.” Cas reminds him, his voice is like gravel and it only makes things worse.
. No comforting whispers from the garrison. No flicker of the alien humanity that was Jimmy Novak. No Dean to offer comfort with his body and presence alone. They haven’t progressed to that yet. It’s their secret. He wants to cling to him right now. To open up and let Dean push inside. To be filled again, to take comfort and
Dean complies, cautiously. It hurts. He grits his jaw, digs his fingers into that wonderful ass. He focuses on Dean’s face, the look of wonderment, of undeniable pleasure. He feels it through the way Dean is shuddering against him, holding back, all that reigned in strength and power. It’s beautiful, so he clenches again to pull him back in, slowly uses his arms to push up to meet him halfway.
The noise Dean makes reverberates all the way through him, leaving him harder than ever. He presses against Cas’ hands so he encases the length within his grip, fingers circling obligingly. Anything to get Dean to make that noise again.
“Who are you?” He asks unthinkingly.
No Magic Fingers either…”
He sees them consider his words, look slightly taken aback, before they clearly decide on something.“Then perhaps killing you will break the spell,” Matthias muses, he almost sounds kind, as though killing Cas would be a mercy, as though there is the slightest possibility his people will be able to return to heaven. Cas doubts that very much. Metatron would not have left him wandering the Earth if that was so. But if there’s a chance…
————-
“Th-The mark may… amplify what you’re feeling-” He breaks off, gasps loudly when Dean sucks at the skin. “Oh Dean! You’re allowed this...”
“Dean.”
“We only just got to him in time. What about the next time, Sammy?” Dean sounded so scared, so broken. Its was a side that Sam was unused to seeing.
“Being human. S’not so bad now is it?”
Castiel decides to take matters into his own hands. So to speak. “I’m going to kiss you again.” He announces, thinking it would be best to give some warning as he leans closer, tugging Dean’s hands a little to close the gap.
But this was different. The words that Cas had imparted, a goodbye and a love confession, had an air of finality to them, as if Cas would never had opened up if the veil of death wasn’t going to fall between them forever.
“Two?” Dean says, though it isn’t really a question, Castiel nods anyway.
Castiel doubts that. Dean always puts himself down. He frowns a little, stopping when the wound stings too much and schooling his face into a more neutral expression.
He goes to take another swig of whiskey thinking maybe it will help him find more words. More magic words to make Dean touch him again. He doesn’t know why he craves this so wantonly but he does. His head is fuzzy and his face still tingles where Dean traced it. The whiskey chases down a low burn that was there already though Cas hadn’t noticed before and cannot explain it. He remembers the pizza man and feels his cheeks heat up as he tries to dismiss the thought. That’s the last thing they need right now. Though he wants-
He’s lost him too many damn times.
“I think that Cas needs his grace back.”
“I was jealous of that stick.” Dean counters.
So painfully unattainable.
They stare at each other for a few minutes. Cas has to remind himself to keep breathing.
Dean was a warm line pressed tight against his back. He felt Dean’s lips bounce gently over his shoulder, lingering kisses that made him shiver in a good way. Dean’s tongue lightly traced the unmarred flesh as his hand smoothed round to stroke the soft, lightly scarred skin of his stomach.
So he waits and he drives, trying to keep his mind clear as possible. Passing through heaven and the snapshots of his life that build it. The field where he and Sammy set off fireworks on the Forth of July. The motel where they had the best childhood Christmas ever. The lake where he went fishing with Cas one time. The barn where the angel first entered his life, changing it forever.
Castiel glares as the last of Dean’s flesh is hidden out of sight. Stupid clothes.  He scoops his own up and stomps off into the bathroom to have a quick wash. He isn’t very thorough, in no rush to lose the scent of Dean on his body.  He examines himself in the mirror and lets out a low whistle. The new hickey lies on the other side of his throat from the last. This one is glaringly red, a perfect, pouting shape.
“No I’m not.” Cas agrees as Dean closes the gap, pulling his face closer and trying out another kiss.
He’s becoming more reckless too, craving the adrenaline. He chases the monster alone, drives Baby a little faster, starts bar fights just because he can. Is it thrill-seeking or has the blade just made him plain stupid? Sometimes it’s hard to tell.
The thought made him want to burn the whole place down. Maybe he would.
It slips out without permission, a lonely sigh as he leans back into the couch.  He knows the healing process will be long, arduous. The wound will itch as it knits back together. No short cuts.
----------------------
---------------------------------------------------
Cas merely shrugged. He was just happy to have both brothers alive, well and in one piece. Whatever hideous nightmare may follow, they would have to deal with. If this was the calm before the storm, he’d rather hide in the illusion. He just had to trust Dean, to accept that he knows what he’s doing. He’s always found it hard to trust others. Dean is no exception. And when it comes to Sam, he knows Dean never been the most rational thinker. And that’s the way it should be. Sam will always come first with him.
But no. He can feel how much Dean wants him.
Cas is crouched atop his legs, something curious, almost mischievous in his expression. Dean doesn’t know whether to kiss or punch him. “Cas!” He barks, nearly yelps when the hand shifts minutely.
What Castiel feels he deserves is to plummet off this steel tower, to fall and burn just as his family did.
He is ‘people’ now too.
He also feels pain now. He’s found he has a very low threshold for dealing with it too since it is all new to his human body.
He has to save
Of course it bloody hurts, he feels like shouting. But Castiel knows how this works. He gets the gist now. He’s slick inside, but the hardness of Dean is still stretching him. It feels uncomfortable, but full. He responds by placing a hand on the small of Dean’s lower back, locking eyes, and pressing down. Hard.
Dean shakes his head, not going there. “Doesn’t matter. But trust me, you got nothing to worry about here. We’re still us. Cas and Dean. Same as we’ve ever been but with awesome sex.”
All that is irrelevant, he decides. Would Dean want to lie with him again anyway?
“What did I just say?”
Dean must have felt his back stiffen, his breath shorten with unease. “We don't have to of course. Or I could only do what you tell me to do.
“Cas!” Shocked again. Green eyes so wide, unable to look away. He licks his lips and Castiel leans in a fraction closer, eyeing the movement.
He wonders why Dean keeps saying that.
He buries himself inside Castiel one last time. The noise he makes at completion is ripped out of him, almost as if he were in pain. Castiel holds him through it, runs his hands all over him, and relishes the feel of his hot release inside him. It’s so new, so strange and he wants it all again.
“I can still help you both. This won‘t happen again.” He doesn’t even sound sure to his own ears. He’s horrified to realise he sounds a bit desperate.
He looks at Dean, licks his lips, a nervous habit. He’s afraid Dean has changed his mind but he still tracks that motion with a heated gaze, eyes flickering from eyes to mouth.
Castiel feels his eyes widen at that. At the vehemence in his voice.  He’d never thought of it that way before. He supposes it was strange, to marry a complete stranger, someone who didn’t even know their own identity. He clamps down on the urge to defend her, knowing Dean wouldn’t want to hear it. But she was a good woman. Kind-hearted, devout, a little lonely. All soft spirit and gentle nature. He pushes past the memory and focuses on what Dean is saying now.
. He’s
Very briefly, Dean palmed his cheek - overly careful, as if that touch would set Castiel off. It hurt Cas’ heart to see Dean being so scared to touch him.
“I want Cas’ grace back.” Dean blurts out, no hesitation, batting all other words of Metatron aisde. He’ll worry about that later. “Might as well put my cards on the table, I got nothing to offer you.”
“You won’t.” He replies certainly.
“Oh God, this is bizarre.” Dean repeats. “But great ‘bizarre’ - right?”
. And Dean has no idea of where to start only that if he doesn’t say something, he may start crying desperate tears of relief and gratitude and he doesn’t think his ego could take it. His knees feel weak and his mouth is unbearably dry as he takes in every inch of Cas, well and
“You can’t always do that. I went out alone, the blame lies with me,” Then he hears his words. “But I have to leave the bunker some time, Dean. You know that.”
“That’s why I come here.” He clears his throat. The lump is still there and he’s having trouble keeping his voice steady.
“Don’t say it like that, like you’re a burden! I love you.”
Like the man didn’t die to save his life and now…
“Hey,” He smiled down at Cas softly. “You know I don’t care about the scars. Or the sex stuff, right?”
Cas had snorted then. “I sincerely doubt a brotherhood would take you.”
“Right now? Yes.” Castiel growls, grinding down to prove his point, causing Dean to cough.
They end up nowhere special, but Dean had accomplished his goal. He’d successfully managed to assign himself to the unspoken role of Protector of Human-Cas once more. Through flirting. Castiel is very much aware of this and it puts him in a bad mood. That and the fact they end up in a rubbish diner when what he was pining for was fresh air and freedom.
That’s the only place he ever wants to be.
He thinks he’s kind of addicted to touching Dean, but he sadly complies, letting go so he can pull his own underwear off without a trace of embarrassment. Dean’s order was kind of arousing.
“Just imagine. He chugs down on a grace sandwich and then what happens? Newly-human Cas goes boom!”
He feels the stickiness of his release being wiped away from his stomach and has to admit it’s a definite improvement. His eyes slip shut while Dean tidies himself up (Cas assumes). He stretches out, lean body aching pleasantly. The good side to being human. His arms miss Dean’s warmth. And he clenches, realising there’s other parts of him that miss certain parts of Dean too. He feels slightly empty.
“You mean, when I kissed you.” Castiel translates, voice low for some reason. He hears Dean swallow hard.
old fashioned. Seriously, he holds open doors for strange women and blushes when sex gets mentioned on cases.”
“I break the people that love me.” It’s so quiet that Castiel could choose to ignore it if he wished.
There is such fury in that unexpected interruption, Castiel is unsure whether he’s imagining it. It had sounded like Dean. His Dean. He’s been fantasising about an intervention from the brothers so many times. But the angels stop advancing on him. Their attentions focus sharply on something over his shoulder, expressions a matching mix of surprise and hatred.
His suspicions were confirmed when the ghost of Marty suddenly screamed in agony, releasing Dean from his deadly grasp. Dean slumped to the floor with a painful rattle of breath and had lain still. Whilst Marty, dead but not forgotten Marty, had burned up, like the film in an old camera, before blinking out of existence entirely.
Dean huffs in exasperation, before blurting it out in a low voice. “Jesus I feel like a pervy douche-bag for even asking but…are you still a virgin, Cas?”
-----------------------------------------------
Castiel has lost that feckless confidence of before. He doesn’t know where they stand. Sometimes he thinks he’s going to do something ridiculous like grab Dean’s face and kissing him. Hard. In public. He doesn’t know how to handle this onslaught on new emotions. To be forced back into the denial of what they were before is cruel and unfair.
Castiel has to hold back a whimper to ask: “Have you had sex since I last healed you?” He hates to bring it up. Hates talking about Dean and other lovers. Possessive. But what he hates more is remembering the reason why he had to heal Dean in the first place. Because of the damage his own fists had caused at Naomi’s orders.
“God-dammit Sammy!” Dean bursts out, turning red. “Would you leave it? Or I swear to God I’m driving off the edge of the Grand Canyon, right now.”
He’s so sick of falling.
“You never told me what happened with Sam.” He states, voice slightly shaky and rougher than usual. He clears his throat and waits for Dean’s answer.
He ended up as the little spoon once more, held tight in the safety of Dean’s arms. Dean nuzzled the back of his neck, breath tickling, making him shiver. His muscular arms wrapped around Cas’ chest, carefully not pressing against any scars, just holding, caring. Cas had a goofy grin on his face, just knew Dean was wearing a matching expression. Could feel it curve against his skin.
And he does. A little achy and tired perhaps. But he’s glowing inside once more. As they trade lazy kisses, he feels like he’s floating. He’s warm, sated, sleepy and for the first time in a long while, content. Used in the best way possible. He knows he doesn’t deserve this. He knows this calm cannot last forever. But he’s going to hold on to this, hold on to Dean for as long as he can. It is bliss. And he thinks he made Dean happy too. Dean deserves all the happiness he can get.
Dean moved back, smiling sadly. He held his hands up as if in surrender. “ Hey I got time. All the time in the world for you. Just call me a monk. Brother Dean.”
“And you need to rest up. You still look like hammered crap.”
Castiel clears his throat. “Do you still want to..?”
Okay. Maybe he understands the appeal of dirty talk now. Dean rarely swears. Castiel has never seen him like this. He has to use every ounce of willpower not to climax as his words sink in, eyes tight shut. Dean’s no fool, there was dark humour glinting in his eyes, as if he knows exactly what Castiel’s intentions were. Castiel can only nod a little frantically. He can feel Dean’s member slip against the curve of his ass, rubbing against him, teasing.
“Look, we’ll talk about this later, ok Cas?” Dean sighs heavily, shakily. “Jeez that’s got to be the weirdest offer I’ve ever had.” Cas feels his face fall as he retraces his words. Were they weird? Is he too weird? Did he say too much and ruin everything? Certainly, he was forward, but given that they’ve known each other for five years…  He bites his lower lip worriedly.
“Come on then.” He urges once they’ve pulled apart and Dean sighs in relief, begins to push in faster. They both groan when he’s fully sheathed again. That hit something wonderful.
“I know that.” Dean says on the verge of exasperation. “But she found you – confused, alone, memory-less. A blank slate. And she fashioned her own little house-husband out of you. That was… that was just wrong Cas. It wasn't you.”
“Stop now please!”
A pained sigh comes from Sam. “All right. But the same goes for you Cas. You’re not invulnerable anymore. Just take it easy okay?” From anyone else, that would sting. Sam just genuinely sounds concerned.
Case in point: the changes in their relationship had been completely ignored and set aside. They sunk back into version of desperate normality in a way that is grating and frustrating to Castiel. The tension is worse now because it has been acknowledged. To try and pretend otherwise is just like wearing a mask over your real face all the time. Pointless and unnecessary.
“Loony?” Cas’ brow crinkles with confusion. “Bugs Bunny?”
“Cas.” Dean’s voice is as soft as he’s ever heard it. He feels the lightest graze of fingertips across his cheek but they’re gone when he looks up, as if they were never there.
Dean loved his body, loved
-------------------------------------------------
The miles of exposed body shift underneath him as Cas wriggles to sit up. His hand finds Dean’s chin, tilts his head up so he can look at him with those knowing eyes. Sweat has pooled on his upper lip and Dean just has to taste it. The kiss lingers for a very long time, Dean still writhing in his lap like a cat. There’s an edge of the surreal to it all. Dean can’t believe he has him like this. Finally.
A huff of laughter against his lips. “Because this isn’t just about me now take your god-dammed pants off!”
mind blown to heaven.
“Now you sound angry.”
He’s still grinding against Dean’s hip, chasing both sensations accidentally with the rhythm his body automatically sets. When Dean quirks his finger just so, Castiel is left gasping. One hand twists in the sheets, the other is squeezing Dean’s bicep, marking him, pressing the faded mark made so many years ago in another place. Righteous man and Heaven’s little soldier, now they are this. Two men, writhing against each other, clinging to life, to the reassuring heat of their own bodies.
“How do we do this?” His voice is unsteady, soft and breathy, nothing like his usual low tones.  He doesn’t want to ask, to admit how lost but right this makes him feel. Doesn’t want Dean to snap out of it, realise he doesn’t want him anymore. This fallen angel who just keeps letting him down.
“And it’s not guys.” He admits quietly, fight going out of him. “Just him.”
His gaze slips to Dean’s hands. Strong, graceful, calloused and sure. He flips open the first aid kit on his lap and rummages through, eyes intent, frowning a little. He selects a few packages, lining them up neatly across the inside lid of the medical kit, contents crackling.
He makes Cas follow him all the way down.
Crushing down the blinding panic, he seized the handle of the desk drawer and frantically yanked it open. There inside, the only thing inside, was a small, blue inhaler.
Because the truth is, deep down, he always thinks people never need him as much as he needs them. That is why he feels he would be incapable of hurting Castiel. Everyone leaves him in the end.
“Look Cas…” he begins but doesn’t finish.
“Pie?” He repeats uncertainly, just in case it’s slang for something filthy. Deep down, he knows it isn’t. Dean’s love of pie knows no bounds. He feels a flurry of disappointment.
want?”
“Shut up,” Dean murmurs, cheeks flushing, a goofy smile trying it’s very best to break free. He slides his hands down Cas’ back teasingly, until he finds that wonderful ass. He palms the enticing shape through his trousers and pushes him down so they can lie flush together. Cas grunts with surprise. He is still shamelessly easy to distract. And very hard too.
He pulls away. Castiel disapproves, arms reaching out to pull him back in.
“Cas!” Dean chokes in surprise.
He bites down harder than he means to, but softens it by sucking on the skin, soothing with his tongue. Castiel grunts, gasps out his name reproachfully. He couldn’t help it. Wanted to stop him, mark him which is ridiculous. Castiel cannot be bruised. He pulls back, suddenly horrified, to no longer be in control…
Dean lets out a low chuckle, “Well there were better ways for him to find out… but he says he’s not ‘
“What?”
“Yes I did.” Dean admits in a low voice, eyes locked with Castiel’s. “You make it sound so sexy.”
“Ah… That sounds unpleasant.”
Dean gasps a profanity against his ear which shouldn’t be as hot as he finds it. He pulls back a little and Castiel has to fight the urge to bury himself against his neck again, so direct is his gaze. His pupils are blown, lips swollen.
All he does is care now. He can no longer push his doubts back, focus on the task at hand like the soldier he once was - so sure even when he was in the wrong. He has to feel it all. The guilt, the horror, the shame.
The scribe shrugs, grins. “How is your brother doing Mr Winchester? Still suffering the effects of the trials?” Metatron aims for contrite and misses by a few miles. There’s an air of smugness to his words too. Dean’s fingers itch around the angel blade in one hand, and his lighter in the other.
Dean looks surprised for a moment. The puff of air against his lips is the first warning of Dean’s impending laughing fit: “Oh Cas.” His whole body shakes on top of Castiel, making them both wobble ridiculously.
Castiel runs the flat of his hand down that smooth expanse of skin, and Dean doesn’t exactly protest. He feels a light rumble reverberate down his spine, almost like a purr. He smiles more broadly. Castiel knows this body. Rescued it, restored it, brought it back to life. But that soul… no one could create that.
Dean’s hands find his hair as he makes a noise that is something between a moan and a ‘manly’ giggle.
“I’m sorry. I can’t-” Can’t stop. Can’t be gentle. His hips are still moving, seeking the firmness of Castiel’s body even as his mind tells him ‘no’. He’s shockingly hard and knows Cas can feel it.
“Help me.” Dean says, though it’s more of an order even though a part of him knows that’s unfair. He’s using the mark, this terrible burden, to seduce his friend. He knows Cas can’t watch him hurting like this. Knows he has very little defences against giving Dean what he wants. And right now he wants this, exactly this.
you.”
Gradually, Castiel was able to relax, to gently fall into that comforting space just before you fall into a deep sleep. Dean’s slightly rough hands gently smoothed the scarred skin of his stomach once more, slow and tentatively a first. Eventually, Cas was able to relax, to not flinch. It was soothing. And he was so sleepy, he couldn’t find it in himself to care too much about Dean feeling his scars.
He heard Dean hum uncertainly beneath him, pressed his face into his neck. “Were we moving too fast? We were weren’t we?” He felt Dean swallow nervously. “Was it me?”
“No you didn’t.” Castiel murmurs, hint of a smile. “I wasn’t touchable then. You said I had a stick up my ass.”
Dean sighs into his skin. “Can you be an angel again? I liked it better when you were immortal. And safe.” Dean mumbles into the warmth of Cas’ throat, the only part not bandaged. He just stays there and breathes unsteadily.
He’s proud of how steady his voice sounds.
“And it will.” Dean says clearly in that deep voice. “Because you’re a good person.”
“Nothing. It’s just…” He hesitates, laughter eventually drying up, “That was just so damn good. It was so ridiculously good Cas. I can’t even describe…” He trails off, before placing a kiss on Castiel’s neck causing him to relax instantly. Dean enjoyed it. Dean really enjoyed it. He feels a smile spread across his face. This is
He licked his hand, saw Dean’s eyes darken even more. He slipped his hand back down, teased with the tip of Dean’s cock, made him moan. His confidence flared. Cas had to kiss the O of those perfectly swollen, cupid’s bow lips then. It was slow and messy, deep and grateful. He pulled back to look into Dean’s eyes. The only time they looked away was to see their cocks slip under their combined grip, hypnotically. Cas marvelled at how well they fit together, they always had.
“Oh come on Dean, you are so full of it.” Sam had groaned, looking completely unimpressed with Dean’s puppy-dog eyes. “What was it? Demon deal? You found an angel to secretly heal me up overnight? Bribed Death with some pickle chips? What was it?!”
“Lia! He needs to be able to tell us what we need to know!” The biker chided, as if dealing with a bad tempered child. He pulls her back by the shoulder so that he may lean close to Castiel. Although he may be the calmer of the two, Castiel sincerely doubts he’ll like his interrogation methods any more than he liked Lia’s. Lia. He knows the name. They fought together, thousands of years ago. She is a warrior. And a proud one at that.
“Oh I am so terribly sorry,” Dean said, voice posh and teasing, he grinned mischievously, circled the length obligingly, then began to slide his fingers up and down more firmly. ”So I take it you like my idea then?”
ready,” Castiel pants, forcing the words out.
“You’re burning up Dean.” Cas chides, sounding worried.
He had lied to Sam, to Cas, and now he burned with shame. He’d known how to get in contact with the scribe all along. Metatron had approached him initially, months ago. He’d watched Sam fade away for too long, couldn’t stand it. His little brother was dying. So he’d stormed off, prayed to the one angel he thought might be able to help, the one angel who knew all of God’s little secrets, who knew all about the trials. Metatron.
“No. I have participated in sexual activity if that’s what you mean. And not only with you.” He adds to clear up any confusion.
“Exactly.” Dean says easily. “That’s family.”
Castiel has to kiss him then, he looks so concerned, so sincere. His words have left him harder than he’s ever been in his short, mortal life. When he pulls back for air, he smiles. “Wasn’t what I was going to ask. I meant do you have the ‘supplies’ this time?” He pulls his hands away from the firm curves of Dean’s enticing body to make the little air quotes. He thinks he deserves a medal of valour for showing such restraint.
And that is how the last of Dean Winchester’s resolve shatters. He withdraws his fingers, and Castiel clenches and deeply feels the loss. Dean quickly cleans his hands using wipes on his bedside table (Castiel doesn’t ask), pulls back so they are face-to-face and Castiel is pleased to see he looks as if he’s been smacked in the face by his confessions.
Castiel’s mouth went completely dry.
“You won’t impregnate me Dean Winchester.”
There are only two things that Dean Winchester is sure of. One: That Bert and Ernie are gay. And two: Castiel will always come back to him.
Castiel reaches out to him then draws him closer though every muscle screams in protest. He just has to. He can’t bear to see Dean’s pain anymore. He has enough of his own to deal with. Maybe they can help each other. He needs to be close to Dean, to prove he’s still there, he’s fine, they both are.
After Metatron had obeyed his summons.
“…Like
He can literally see Dean shrug away the fog of lust again. “I'm not flustered! And my point is,” he shakes his head, gathers his thoughts. “Am
"Sam and I are concerned for you. Is it the mark? Are you unwell?" He can practically imagine the head tilt, how his hands would nervously clench at his sides. The steady, worried, deep blue, x-ray vision aimed his way.
Dean’s eyes are earnest and Castiel nods slightly before closing his eyes, lost in the sensation. When Dean’s finger circles inside, it’s electric. He jolts and moans appreciatively, rubbing his thigh against Dean‘s member. He can’t tear his eyes away from Dean‘s face, flushed red and so beautiful in its pleasure, his mouth a delicate cupid’s bow every time he gasps in bliss. They trade kisses with swollen lips, taking their time, Cas' leg quirked up slightly.
It doesn’t stop him hearing that voice.
That is hope rewarded when Castiel kisses him. And it’s hungry this time, something eager in the movements, though still careful, measured. It’s real. His mouth is clumsy but determined. There’s something so authoritative in the way Cas kisses, the way he holds him, like he’s on a mission. Dean grips his arms with shaking hands, his own kisses nothing short of desperate, ridiculously grateful. As he licks his way into Cas’ mouth, sucks gently, nips at his lip, wanting everything at once.
And now…This acceptance. This solace. A vow to try to stop the world burning together. It was all he wanted. Nothing he deserved.
And so the timid courtship of adolescents begins.
Castiel flushes red just thinking about it.
“I have decided to take a walk outside. Alone.” Castiel had announced one day, emphasising the ‘alone’ part. He’s feeling stifled by the constant presence of a babysitter. Army of angels or not, he wants his own space. Sam came back the next morning, still sulking. Between the two of them, there is a very gloomy atmosphere. He cannot stand this tin bunker any longer. He wants to feel the wind on his skin again. The silence in his head must be filled with the clatter of the outside world, a hazy replacement for ‘angel radio’ as the Winchesters call it. This life is not enough. He’ll go mad…
“Thanks.” He says quietly as the sting fades. They meet each other’s gaze for once. And Dean knows it’s going to be one of those stupidly long stares that neither of them openly acknowledges, only this time he won’t have the strength to just walk away.
He feels the slight sting of teeth against his lobe, and nearly whimpers at how good it feels, soothed with more kisses. His head falls back against the door with a dull thump. His fingers clench and unclench against Dean’s skin and he forces them to relax. He wants more. Wants to let Dean in. He shudders as Dean slowly lays his lips against his neck once more.
“What other th-“
“Don’t be so dramatic.”
Castiel wishes now more than ever that he could still fly. He could get what they need in less than a minute.
“I said I think Cas needs his grace back.” Dean repeated stoically, refusing to be phased.
Castiel folds his arms and waits for him to continue, to explain. And it better be good. “I only meant… that I’m not that experienced when it comes to sex with guys. That’s all. Try no experience actually. None. Nada. Zero.”
“I guess we can try forgetting about it. Call it a one-time deal. Is – is that okay with you?” Dean adds.
“Hmm you need to stop a minute.”
They sit facing each other, across the grand, oak meeting table. Sam keeps putting his head in his hands, rubbing his eyes as if to wipe out a certain memory. Dean sits as still as he can, fingers tapping anxiously across the polished surface, betraying his cool exterior.
He misses the sight of it. It is uniquely Dean, so full of contradictions. Light and darkness, strong and fragile, beautiful and fierce. Filled with love and passion with the shadows of self-loathing.  That is what he saw at a first glance in Perdition. No wonder he fell.
He’s warm and clean and cares about very little else at this moment in time.
“Bring the car around Sammy. Now!”
Sweat eases their way, he ruts against Dean’s hip, harder than he’s ever given, getting so close. Dean’s hand keeps slipping against Castiel’s thigh and he has to keep hitching it up to adjust his grip. His other hand is restless. It bites into his hip, scratches down his chest, cups his jaw so he can press merciless kisses at the right angle. They leave sticky marks against each other’s skin as they fall together. It is nothing short of explosive.
“You don’t know that!” He shouts, pulling the blade out, waving it in the scribe’s general direction.
Note the rating change? Uh...Yeah.
“One last thing!”
Dean held his hands up to ward off his little brother’s irate questions. “Whoa! I haven’t done anything yet, it’s all just thinking out loud.” He crossed his arms defensively, trying to look contrite and falling short by a few miles. Sam glowered.
“Almost…Ah…There! All done.” Dean gives his shoulder a quick squeeze after mercifully letting go of the wound. It feels weird - tightly compressed, encouraging the edges to knit back together again. He will have to remember not to move his eyebrows much, no matter how exasperated (or surprised, or shocked, or
He scrubs at his eyes, wiping cooling tear tracts away, trying to breathe steady. He won’t go to Dean. Not like this. Even if he is the one thing that could begin to make him feel whole again. Their first time together should not be about despair. It’s hard to remember this when his skin is itching. When the craving for Dean’s touch runs so deep, he has to dig his fingers into his palms to distract himself. Force his body not to seek shelter in Dean’s room.
But Sam had fallen into another uneasy sleep, exhausted and broken through fits of agitation for his brother’s wellbeing. Castiel felt much the same way. He wished he could have stopped the eldest Winchester from leaving, but he knows nothing would have changed his mind. Sam is his baby brother. He would gladly, and has, died for him. Nothing would ever change that, even Castiel’s pleas. And that frightens him.
“Sorry.” He says, trying out a shrug.
He heard Dean begin but the words just hung there with nowhere to go. There was sadness in that syllable, gentleness and slight desperation.
Thanks for the encouragement.
“You’re s-so good,” he pulls back, let’s go of Cas briefly to cup his face. Castiel clings to him, pushes up. Dean traces his lip with his thumb and Castiel places a kiss to the tip, flicks his tongue against it. “You’re beautiful.” Dean murmurs, before groaning as he grips him once more, slides in just right, hips bumping forcefully.
He can see Dean’s gaze is fixed on his neck, eyes blazing. He gently thumbs at the bruise he left there a few nights ago and they both suck in a breath. It hurts, but it’s a good ache. A reminder that he was Dean’s for a while. Dean’s eyes are dark, face carefully blank. Castiel bites his lip and waits.
But it worked.
“Ah.” Castiel has to lean closer because Dean has gone so quiet. “Well Cas, I hope you know I never… I mean, my area isn’t… It’s not really of the no-breasted variety.”
“Well…okay.” Dean says, a little uncomfortably though his eyes were brightening up, like sunshine on a cloudy day.
He indulges – pulls Dean closer by hooking his legs round him. This throws the delicious rhythm off balance; Dean withdraws his hand, but allows him to steal another kiss, desperate and sweet.
“Don’t you think this disappearing act is getting old then? I can’t chase after you every time you start feeling too… human.” Dean sounds exasperated huffing as he tries to find the right words.
Then there’s the threat of the angels still looming over them. Castiel cannot go far and never without one Winchester. The fallen angels have been suspiciously quiet after that first hysteria-filled night of devastation and panic. The world knows what’s out there now. His fallen brothers may not be able to fly, but word is (according to Kevin and Garth), they are massing, gathering. Still strong, still righteous and still absolutely furious with Castiel, if flightless.
“Easy now Dean-boy!” Metatron has his hands in the air, steps back suddenly, holding in a laugh. “I’m only telling you the truth. And what does it matter? He’d be an angel. He’d be safe! Decisions decisions Dean! Welcome to the real world.”
“Do you…?” he hesitates and Dean pulls back a little so they are face-to-face, bodies pressed together.
It’s odd. It’s uncomfortable. It leaves him breathless, shaky and Dean keeps alternating between darkly drinking in his reaction and cracking up a little. He keeps shaking his head, with what Castiel can only assume is wonderment and amused arousal. He had almost forgotten that this is all new to Dean too. He keeps asking if Castiel is okay.
“I think we’re doing okay.” Cas admits, eyes slipping shut. He hurts too much to have the big relationship talk. Dean loves him. He is not going to die just yet. They are okay. Dean can’t even be too mad at him on account of his near death experience, though he can see it in those glittering green eyes of his. He’ll think of a way to make him pay later somehow. But right now, he just wants to sleep, to heal and to go home with Sam and Dean.
Finally, he turns. Sees Dean two steps away from him on the open roof top. His jaw is clenched, arms folded against the cold or as if he’s had enough of Castiel’s issues. The thought nearly makes him laugh. They are so far beyond just ‘having issues.’ The taste of bitterness and sick humour leaves him reeling. He wonders if this is what madness feels like.
“Right. I mean it must be weird not being Mr Invincible anymore. I sure know it is for me.” Dean says and Cas takes a moment to realise he never considered how strange it must be for his friends to see him this way. He was just caught up in his own feelings. Dean interrupts his musings before he can respond. “I don’t think it needs stitches anyway - lucky for you, I’m terrible at ‘em.”
“Are you still…?” His voice trails off going all high pitched at the end as if Cas should know what he means.
And it’s one hell of a reaction. Not one he’s remotely ready for. The angel peels Dean’s underwear away slowly, spreads his legs open with cool, firm hands. Even the shock of cold air on his dick feels good right now. But before he can revel in it, before he can barely register the way he’s free, upright, ridiculously hard, the enveloping heat of Cas’ mouth takes him all the way in.
They don’t talk about that night. They don’t mention it to Sam. Even if Sam wasn’t too pissed at what Dean might have done to save him.
“Ssh it’s okay.”
“Is this okay?” He whispers again, against spit-slicked lips. Castiel can only nod enthusiastically. He’s biting his lip too hard to form words – bucking up into that torturously light grip. He tries not to, but he’s too weak to stay still. Dean makes him weak. Makes him strong too. It’s all such a blur. He doesn’t know what he means anymore. How can he focus when Dean’s hand is pulling him to pieces? He’s watching Cas’ reactions now, drinking him in. Eyes dark and Castiel cannot look away. Doesn’t feel an ounce of embarrassment.
“Yes you do. You know you do. He’ll explode. Bye-bye pretty-boy body, hello celestial wavelength of burn-your-eyes-out badness.” His words come more rapidly now through a twisted smile, clearly enjoying the effect he’s having on Dean. He tries not to lash out, to strike him or shake him, force him to admit it’s not true. “You okay with that?”
Has he tried it before, with another man? Castiel freezes up. No. Of course not. Dean said he’s never done this before. He wouldn’t lie about that. Castiel will be his first. His only. A flare of possession simmers through his veins at that. But that means… Dean must have tried it on himself then? How else could he know?  Perhaps he made his hand slick? Then wrapped it around himself. Gripped his own cock, shifted into that tight, wet heat. Yes. Starting slow, then gradually becoming quicker, more frantic. Hips bucking, pistoning, head thrown back so his neck goes taut, sweat beading as his hand moves faster and faster. The sounds he’d make, that he’d try to stifle by biting that full, lower lip…
There’s a long pause as Castiel processes his words. He understands where he’s coming from. But Dean doesn’t know the whole truth does he? And he can’t exactly tell him. He can’t tell him he’s always felt this way about him, even before the fall. He can’t let him know that this is what he’s always wanted, because he loves him, deeply. Because he’s the only thing that keeps him together sometimes, keeps him sane.
Dean swoops down, kisses him hard, rubs against him. It’s a dirty kiss, one shared between lovers only, carnal and intent with want. His hands shift so that he can grip Castiel’s thighs, wrap them around his warm waist.
Dean is just as strong and sure with this as he is in everything he does. Castiel thinks that this is what they are meant to be. This is just. This is right.
“There’s one way to find out.”
He smiles slowly as Dean lets out a sigh of relief.
“Eat your burger!”
“Hey now, Cas I never said no-” Dean begun.
Castiel remembers the impact of hitting the wall face first as he battles a random flare of queasiness. He keeps this to himself. Doesn’t want to alarm the brothers. Doesn’t want them to think he’s so weak. His mind supplies the correct label: concussion. That usually requires a trip to hospital and something called a CAT scan, though how a feline could help in this situation Castiel does not know. Or
“Right. I mean, no! I mean…Cas!” He looks like Castiel has backed him into a wall.
“Does that mean you’ll consider sexual relations with-“
The warmth is back. In his chest, his bones, even making his eyes sting. Dean had raged at him before. He had called Castiel a ‘child‘, ‘naïve’ and many other hurtful things that were all true. His words were laced with hurt and betrayal. Castiel had pleaded with him to understand. Had eventually explained what had really happened in heaven. It wasn’t enough. Dean still blazed. Furious at Cas but more so with the other treacherous angel.
It was surprising Dean was sharing his thoughts so willingly with him at all. He didn’t usually. Act first, regret later. That was the way he usually did things. Sam selected the most relevant pitfall to Dean’s plan. “But Metatron used it in his spell.”
“Do not lie to us, Castiel,” She spits out coldly, full of barely concealed rage.
He was screwed the very moment he first laid a hand on that beautifully broken soul.
“What’s going on in there?” He hears Dean whisper, his thumb finding that crease between his eyes.
If he were still an angel, would he be able to feel this way at all?
But why did their relationship only bloom once Castiel had become human?
“You really think he’s not getting any better?” Sam enquired, changing the subject a little. The idea of Castiel becoming an angel again had lead to another disturbing thought.
“You deserve this.” Cas continues, gasping a little. Dean surges up, kisses him while his hands slide to the front so they can get to work on his belt buckle. “You deserve good things.”
it. He thinks he has always wanted but never has it been so sharp, so clear and obvious.
Humans were not made to withstand this pain. This is not their world, his world, anymore. Yet Sam and Dean survive  it every day. Each time, they survive, so much stronger. He holds onto that thought.
“I know, I’m sorry” Sam winced, placing his hand on Dean’s shoulder. The words are so inadequate. He’s no stranger to such horrors; torture, nightmares, seeing someone you love suffer. “But you can’t trust Metatron.” He states firmly. “Last time Cas did, he kinda broke the world, and stole Cas’ grace.”
Castiel blinks. “Of course.”
Castiel flushes. “Oh. Yes. Yes, it is a very good pie.”
“I think he’s trying.” Dean admitted sadly. “I just don’t see how we’ll be able to get on with our lives with this angel thing hanging over us.”
“It was incredible.” He answers ardently without thinking, referring to their time together, because it was. His legs go wobbly at the mere thought and-
More kisses that blur the lines between lazy and hungry, soft and insistent. Dean’s tongue plunders his mouth while his hands pop open Castiel’s jeans with a casualness that takes him by surprise. He was too distracted by Dean’s kisses, by the wonderful rhythm of their bodies rocking together.
Dean leans in closer, practically trapping him against the door. “If you wanted that, you should have just slipped out quietly. I think you want someone to stop you.”
“Sammy wait!” Dean’s legs flash past him, quick footfalls landing heavily on the floor.
He closes his eyes and groans heavily when Dean’s fingers find that spot inside him once more. It’s like a current running though him. Their hips move together, a glorious rhythm. He slings an arm over Dean’s shoulders to pull him closer, buries his face in his neck and slurs: “Want you to take me. Want to feel you within me, every inch, every sensation. Love bringing you pleasure. Want to watch you fall apart, and when that happens, I want it to be because you are buried inside me.”
He delicately crosses his ankles, wrapped around Dean’s back. Squeezing, anticipating.
Dean puts his hands in his pockets, looks down with a grin. “Yeah, think he’s laughing at us, right Cas?”
“You want me to keep going.”
“True.” Sam admitted. “But why do you want Cas to level up now anyway? Has he said anything about it?”
He gathers him up in his arms, nuzzles his face gently. “I think I bit you.”
“That wasn‘t how I wanted you to find out.” Dean admits softly, but this produces no response from his brother. “Come on Sam. Why are you being so quiet? You must have a million things you want to lecture me about. Go on - get to it!” He holds his hands up in surrender.
“You’re a big boy,” Dean replies, hint of a smile lurking at the corners of his sculpted mouth though his face is flushed, voice less stoic than usual. He considers whether Dean would recognise Cas’ own flustered feelings, but knows they can’t go there. He knows how these things end. With arguments or sex or something else that leaves them both a little more broken. Dean is his anchor. And Sam. He needs them to stay alive.
“I don’t have any condoms,” Dean confesses in a rush, eyes screwed up tight as if anticipating a lecture.
It’s a terrifying rage. An all-consuming, stomach churning, burning fury. Instead of losing control, he is engulfed within a sickening, murderous clarity. Cool and calm, spiked with hate.
The steel door clangs open.
"Get out." He commands, voice husky, staring at his feet. His face is on fire. Not just his face. His whole body feels as if aflame. He feels tight. His clothes are constricting against his skin, causing him to practically moan as he paces the room looking at anything but the angel.
“Either that or one too many extra cheese pizzas,” Dean had muttered at one point, much to Castiel’s dismay. Marty was a big guy, but Dean could be so tactless when there’s a homicidal, asthmatic ghost who is possibly within hearing distance and is, quite likely, squeezing the hearts out of everyone who has wronged him.
“Oh my God!” He near sobs. “Cas – gonna – might wanna…”
“Yeah, yeah, sinister threat, IOU, blablabla. I get it. You’re all smart and sneaky. Can we skip that bit please?” Dean growled out, trying to remain calm.
“Heaven, I think.” Castiel barely recognises his own voice, his face is so swollen, voice breathless, lip split.
“Winchesters,” Lia hissed, hands clenched, practically snarling.
He doesn’t think Sam is on the road to recovery either. Not just yet. He grows paler every day, the simplest of tasks often leaving him breathless. He doesn’t know whether Dean is in denial with his optimistic outlook or if he has some kind of plan. Something to restore Sam back to full health. Cas has made a note to make sure he doesn’t go summoning any cross road demons.  Either way, Dean isn’t sharing his thoughts with anyone.
Dean remembered the smile on the scribe’s face once the original deal had been struck. He hadn’t liked it one bit. It was a smile that said: ‘I’ve got you now’.
Dean is scrambling out of his beloved ‘baby’ before Castiel can process his answer.
Betrayal. He wasn’t betraying Castiel. Was it betrayal, if you were trying to protect the person you loved? Sure he hadn’t discussed this with Castiel, like he swore to Sam he would. Sam. There were too many lies between them already without adding this one to the fold.
He supresses the urge to prompt. Merely raises his eyebrows, hands folded in his lap contritely.
“Well you can go down the whole naturist route if you like - I sure know I’d appreciate it – but I prefer the prison-free lifestyle myself.”
“I can’t watch you drive yourself crazy like this. Can’t see you suffer.” He feels Castiel’s breath ghost across his face, that’s how close the angel is. It makes him tremble with want. His hands slip away from Dean’s face, trail down his arms so he can lightly take Dean’s hands in own. When Dean opens his eyes, he sees Cas glaring at the cuts across his knuckles as if they’d personally offended him. A warm glow, unconnected to lust for once, flows through Dean’s hands at the contact. The skin starts to knit back together.
“It hasn’t changed how I feel about you.”
Castiel breathes in his clean masculine scent. He smells of gun oil, hair gel, faintly of that diner, and of something that is purely Dean - rustic and human.  He rubs soothing circles against his back, giving comfort.
“I mean, I want you to fuck me,” Dean whispered hotly into his ear, almost panting. He ran his tongue around the edge of Cas’ ear, teasingly, with a light scrape of teeth that had Cas shuddering. But it was okay. He was in Dean’s arms. He got him. He was safe.
What he doesn’t expect is for Dean to close his eyes, exhale raggedly as he rests forehead to forehead and say: “God, yes.”
Hope you enjoy...
He has to eat and drink. He sleeps when the dreams don’t get him. He has to use the bathroom for more than just keeping clean. He shaves. He has to wash his clothes, buy new ones since one suit was no longer good enough. He keeps the trench coat - a piece of his past he cannot bear to part with. Not after Dean had kept it so long for him, like it meant something. Like it was a symbol of the old Cas, the good Cas who was powerful and always tried to do the right thing. And often failed.
make it right.”
“Wait!” He does. Heaven help him, but he does. “Castiel…” Metatron considers causing Dean to shudder. “You know I did feel bad for what I did to that guy, it was a mean trick, I’ll grant you. But really, If you think about it,  I gave him a
Cas comes closer, eyes filled with pity. He places a cautious hand on Dean’s arm. “We’ll find a way to remove it. Nothing’s worth losing the real you, letting it change who you are. Not even killing a Knight of Hell.” There’s defiance and that steely determination Dean has come to love in that sweet face of his. Dean pushes down the insane lust his touch incites, focuses on what needs to be said.
) he may feel.
“Kill him and I will
“Dean?” He tilts his head curiously. “What are you doing?”
He was smiling a little as he left the store. Perhaps because he was so absorbed in his musings, he didn’t notice he was being watched. He didn’t suspect danger.
. No short cuts at all.
Dean simply rolled his eyes when Cas had pointed this out at midnight as they searched the dead man’s office for whatever was keeping Marty rooted there. He’d been cremated over a week ago so there was no body left to burn.
He’s lost in those eyes. “I want you to show me everything about sex.” Cas whispers bluntly, still not thinking straight from the rush of hormones brought on by Dean’s proximity.
Then Cas is kissing him, softly lips moving, pouring a sweetness into every caress. He gently tastes Dean, cupping his jaw with sure fingers. Dean melts against him until he feels Cas’ hand over the mark. Cain’s mark. Cas steps back neatly.
Dean moves closer until he’s in Cas’ personal space again, eyes locked, world slowing.
“Are you giving me a choice?” Cas asks quietly.
“I don’t understand why you’d want me.” It comes out quietly, a low admittance of vulnerability that has Dean looking up, wondering if he’d really heard it. Did Cas read his thoughts? Cas looks so conflicted. Lost. Dean is gone. Gone, gone, gone…
“That bad?” Dean withdraws his finger in a panic when Castiel gasps, much to his frustration. He could shout in irritation.
“I can’t take advantage of you like this.” His voice sounds firm but he doesn’t pull away, Not even when Dean presses a gentle kiss against his cheek. His eyes fall shut. Lashes brushing Dean’s cheek. “You need to stop.”
It came out too fast, almost rehearsed, clumsy in a typical Dean-fashion. Castiel gave him a very sarcastic look. “Okay. I
ends in pain.
“It’s never that simple is it?” Groused Dean, crowbarring open a filing cabinet that turned out to be empty. Cas shrugged in reply, keeping watch with a salt-rock loaded gun in case Marty decided to show up.  And a bag of the stuff in his pack. Just in case.
Castiel takes a moment to process his words.
“And I want to do it again.” He adds recklessly, trying to sound confident but feeling his cheeks heat up.
He opens and closes his mouth, lost for words. That is entirely unfair. For one thing, he had been talking to Sam. True, he had announced his intentions rather loudly, but not to address Dean in particular.
So when he left the shop, laden with purchases, he didn’t get a chance to put up much of a fight when he was struck in the head with a blunt object, dragged off, and bundled up into the boot of a car.
“You’re going to tell us how to reverse the spell your little friend cast.” The man insists, going straight for the main question.
But poor Jimmy Novak had died to give him this body. Dean should be more respectful. It's a part of him now, who he is whether they like it or not.
“But now?” Dean splutters. He grinds his denim clad ass in Castiel’s lap pointedly causing him to splutter this time.
There really was no answer to that, but Sam couldn’t let himself be swayed. He could sense that Dean was starting to listen, to reconsider. He knew Dean would never want to put Cas in danger again. Not willingly anyway.
It’s too much pressure, too much pleasure for Castiel. His neck goes taut as he practically sobs in response to Dean’s relentless pace. He’s too hard, too sensitive. He wraps a hands around himself, begins to pull desperately, moving in time to Dean’s thrusts on instinct.
“Go to your room and take five or something,” Dean orders.
He thinks Dean’s struggling too. He’s caught him staring on occasion, gaze flitting away with a guilty expression. And Dean was down-right unpleasant to the waitress who flirted with himself that one time (“Jog on Mary-Sue. Trying to have a conversation here?”).
Then there were the bruises, and the scars, that he suspected were never going to completely heal.  At least the worst bruises across his face had faded. It had been hard to recognise himself in the mirror for a while. The brothers had had to help him move around, to walk him to the bathroom for those first painful days out of hospital. He privately thought it had been like a preview of old age. The idea had not been comforting.
“You can’t trust Metatron.” He repeated, placing his hands on Dean’s shoulders for emphasis and comfort. “You don’t know what he’d do to Cas. And I don’t wanna find out. Do you?”
The answering laugh reverberates through his body. “I’m not. Kind of liked Wildcat Cas y’know?”
Like now, for example. Dean is kissing a line down his neck, agonisingly slow, wet kisses, trailing down to the hot firmness of his sternum. Castiel gasps and squirms a little under the assault against his damp skin. The only sounds are the noises Dean’s mouth makes against his body, and his own ragged breathing.
He looks away in pain.
“I can have this?” Cas asks so hopefully, Dean’s heart expands painfully.
“What the hell does that mean?” Dean asks sharply, sidetracked.
He frowns to cover a grin and sits back on his haunches, keeping his hands to himself. He is actually good at this. Though admittedly, he desperately wants to follow the V-shaped line of his hips all the way down where they disappear beneath denim. His mouth practically waters at the thought. “Take your shirt off.” He orders flatly.
Castiel didn’t apologise. And he won’t. Because he isn’t sorry at all. And deep down, he thinks Dean isn’t either. Because it was there. It’s always been there. And now he’s human enough, and selfish enough to reach out and take it.
“I just thought you might have one shred of common decency in that strangely small, monkey-isn head of yours.” Dean folds his arms, stares him down. “I mean, you gotta know you made him a target for all the booted-out angels right? He’s vulnerable, in danger and it’s all your fault. Not to be all movie of the week but you betrayed him.”
“Pie,” Dean answers decisively, single-handedly dousing any growing ideas within Castiel’s mind.
Castiel doesn’t know if now is the time to push the matter. He knows Dean’s not good with emotions. And Castiel is maybe a little too good with them - always blurting out intense confessions that make people turn red and awkwardly back away. He’s knows he’s not exactly the best person to be steering them through emotional waters. He just wishes Dean trusted him enough to be open with him. He wants to know what happened between the brothers. Something occurred to make Dean look so thoughtful and pensive. He doesn’t like lies. They create distance. If he doesn’t have the Winchesters, what does he have? The thought makes him feel indescribably empty.
“For God’s sake keep your voice down!” Dean mutters through the smile that becomes more and more strained as the waitress scampers off looking scandalised.  “You wanna get carted off to the loony bin?”
“It’s just you said you wanted me to show you everything about sex...”
“Yeah but I don’t think daddy is really paying much attention now lately, do you? No new body for our little Castiel. You’d never see him again.” His smile is malicious, enjoying the obvious pain on Dean’s face. He can’t hide it.
“Dean,” It’s a stunned growl, a warning.
“God -dammit Cas!” Dean shouts suddenly. Castiel doesn’t even flinch. “I don’t know what you want from me. It’s driving me crazy. The way you look at me sometimes… I don’t know what you want!”
“I don’t think my legs are working properly yet anyway.” He answered, surprising a huff of laughter from Dean.
Instead of his words relaxing Dean, he seems to become more intense, shoulders squared. “What else is wrong?”
Dean exhales slowly. “You’re too smart for your own good,” He answers in a daze, eyes on Castiel’s lips. He swears under his breath. “God you have no idea what you do to me do you? I’m trying to be all chivalrous…”
“Here Cas, hold this for now.” Sam presses a fresh tea towel against the cut across Castiel’s forehead. It’s a vertical streak of pain that splits through his left eyebrow. The ugly gash stings and keeps dripping scarlet into his vision. He holds the towel as tightly as he can manage, grateful for it. Tea towels. He can’t believe the Winchesters have tea towels. They are not tea towel people but they have a
He realises he’s getting blood all over Dean’s purple plaid shirt. He loves that shirt.
More muffled laughter. “Oh yeah. I’m not gonna argue with you there.”
Castiel flips them over, kisses Dean harder than he’s ever kissed before. Sucking his tongue practically down his own throat. Throat. He pulls back suddenly, kisses down Dean’s throat, biting kisses, sucking a mark where he can feel the blood beating fast until Dean cries out.
Still palming his face, he kisses him. Slowly, deeply, thoroughly. The squawk of surprise Cas makes would normally have him laughing, but right now, all he can do is keep kissing him. Breathing life into him, tracing his lips with his own. Cas’s arms circle his hips until their bodies are flush, responding instantly, making Dean’s blood sing. Cas sighs against his lips, mirroring his actions. By the time Dean draws back he is shaking too, lost in those eyes and the flush of Cas’s skin.
“It doesn’t matter if you do. I’ll be right there with you.”
The dreams didn’t come that night.
“It’s what I have to think,” He corrects, mind spinning. “Do you have any idea how much I want you right now? Any idea at all?” He shakes his head, a bitter smile on his lips. He’s being deliberately confrontational, hoping to shock the angel into leaving. But there’s no reaction at all. Not the one he was hoping for anyway. Castiel’s jaw twitches. His lips pressed together tightly. But his expression is on lockdown.
Dean stood in the same warehouse where Cas had been tortured. He thought it would be strangely appropriate. Standing with his arms crossed determinedly, jaw gritted, Dean tried not to examine the floor too closely. It was stained with blood and other fluids. Possibly not just Cas’. This had clearly been a torture chamber of choice for Cas’ murderous siblings.
Cas pulls him closer, one hand clenching Dean’s arm, the other in his hair, cradling his skull. His fingertips lightly grazing the short hairs of the back of his neck, almost sharp to the touch. He tugs them a little, to test, not excite, relishing the texture.
It’s as much of a warning as he is capable of. Cas must know. He isn’t naïve enough not to know. Dean buries himself to the hilt, hips right off the floor, held by Cas’ hands, legs either side of his face, helplessly exposed. Dean comes down his throat with a guttural cry, violently claiming.
“Don’t want to move…” Dean groaned, causing Cas to grip him tighter, in case he decided to do so. He could feel his heart beating against his own. Why would he ever want to leave the circle of Dean’s arms?
Dean laughs as their lips make contact, smiling into the gentle kiss. Castiel swallows every breath, his joy and relief. “You sure know how to get me feeling like a teenage girl, Cas.” He says as they pull apart.
Sam had never quite grasped just how much Dean loved Castiel until that moment. He’d always known about Dean’s feelings for the former angel, even before Dean could admit them to himself. But Dean had looked like he had almost lost a part of himself on that day. That had shaken Sam, had made him understand fully, just what they meant to each other.
“Why aren’t you asleep anyway? You must be wiped.” He said faintly, propping himself up against the headboard before Castiel could creep away to avoid inevitable, awkward questions.
His hands find their way to Cas’ hair. But it doesn’t matter when your other half is ten times stronger. He can push down, or tug at the locks and it doesn’t affect him at all. Luckily. Dean knows at some point he will be horrified at the way he tried to use Castiel, attempting to forcefully buck into his generous, wonderful mouth. It’s not him. But Cas can stop him. Cas is going to save him.
“Then what? As much as I like having you owe me a favour, your store credit’s run out. What else could you possibly offer me, hmm?”
“Ah hmm.” Dean nods, biting his lip when Castiel rubs against him shamelessly, matching sets of desire meeting as he tries to taste that blush.
He sounds anxious now, maybe trying to convince himself. Castiel wishes he could read his mind again. He stares at him intently, as if he could. Dean squirms under such sharp focus but doesn’t break contact.
It’s the sincerity that has him sighing, and then nodding as they slip outside towards the Impala.
“Run. No. Get out.” He means to shout it, to warn them, but his voice is barely above a whisper. If the brothers are here they need to run. He’d rather die than let these two get their hands on them.
Castiel laughs harshly then. “I am anything but -”
“It’s fine to have what you want sometimes.” Cas whispers against his lips. “You’re a good man Dean Winchester.”
“Dean!” Castiel cried out, scrambling to his feet, not even noticing the shards of glass as they shredded through his hands. He only managed to get three feet forward before being blasted into Marty’s steel desk by a random, furious burst of energy from the distracted ghost.
“He’s coming round.”
He knows he’s no longer alone before any words are spoken.
Since the brothers were working on their own research projects, he slipped out unnoticed. He left a brief note explaining where he was heading, knowing Dean wouldn’t like him going alone but finding he pretty much didn’t care about that. He was thousands of years old, he could make a quick trip to the store without anything catastrophic happening.
And it wasn’t just about the sex. There was no way he could go hunting until he was fit again.
“Oh.” Dean closes his eyes, nods distractedly, biting that beautiful lower lip. It’s better than Castiel’s imagination. “So… You’re like a virgin?”
Afterwards, Dean loomed over Cas, kisses him quickly. It is desperate and hard. He gathered Castiel up in his arms possessively.
“Who are you?” The words are slurred and it takes a lot of effort to force them out of his dry mouth. Dean’s going to be so mad at him. He doesn’t know if he means the biker for hitting him, or himself for going out alone. Probably both, knowing Dean.
“Yeah. We still need to have a little talk about that.” From the grimace on Dean’s face, Sam knew this wasn’t a talk Metatron would enjoy very much.
“Yeah, a little.”
“That’s a cruel card to play Cas. You don’t mess with a man’s mattress.”
He leans over the edge, toy-block world spread out before him. So high up above the world.
“I shouldn’t be able to treat you like this.” He says quietly and it sounds like a confession. “You’re Cas. Don’t want to hurt you.”
“Hey now, come on! I wasn’t laughing at you. Not really, sit down.” He says, noticing Cas was about to storm off.
“Leave so you can hurl yourself off the edge? No chance. You’ve got work to do.” The words come out fast and harsh, unforgiving. They take Castiel by surprise, shock a response from him.
A calloused hand timidly brushes his brow and Dean nearly knocks the table over, backing away from Cas.
Dean smothers a laugh and Castiel flushes, thinking he’s being made fun of.
He skims his hands over the planes of Dean’s back, feeling him rock helplessly as if he was unaware of even doing so.
Castiel nearly swallows his tongue until he realises Dean is probably making fun of him. He rolls his eyes and tries to control that annoying blushing sensation that keeps happening lately. He feels dizzy, out of his depth. He knows all about flirting, but was never any good at doing it back. He feels it’s better to just be straight forward when making your intentions known but acknowledges that not everyone feels the same. Some people find it plain creepy.
Castiel stopped listening after ‘push in.’
-------------------
Castiel instinctively knows his answer will affect any sexual relations they have in the future so he chooses his words carefully. “I feel fine.”
“I’m broken.” He answers simply, leaning into the warmth of his friend.
Dean unsuccessfully lunged for the gun Cas had dropped. Clearly Dean was too angry to negotiate after being been thrown into the wall. Only then did the vengeful spirit retaliate by moving like a blur towards Dean and plunging his hand deep into his chest, causing him to gag and gasp in pain. His spine wrenched back as though struck by an electric current.
Dean swears under his breath and pulls him in again, laying one long, breath-stealing kiss on him before breaking away firmly, though he still grips Castiel’s shoulders. “Sam’ll be wondering where we are.” He mumbles apologetically. “And we still need to sort out those hands.”
“You don’t have to get all defensive.”
Everything is so slow.
He realises this sadly, as he runs his hands over the smooth planes of Castiel’s chest experimentally, thoughtfully. Cas’ breath quickens, skin pebbling, eyes fixed on Dean through lowered lashes.
“Cas…” Dean sighs against his lips. The best sound he has ever heard. Soppy but true. He meets those eyes, strokes the line of a cheekbone and speaks.
His heart is racing and his mouth has gone dry. There’s this strange rumbling sensation in his stomach - an odd combination of what must be nerves and a deeper underlying hunger. He stares out of the windshield for a few seconds, clenches his hands and takes a couple of steadying breaths. Tells himself to get a grip. He doesn’t get nervous. He once threw a Molotov cocktail of holy fire at his brother – a smite-happy archangel. In front of his other brother. Who just happened to be the devil.
His fine sense of control snaps at that. He pulls back, wriggles out of his damp shirt, practically tears it, eyes on Cas. He does tear Castiel’s shirt in his haste to push it open, expose the angel before him like an offering.  He pushes his shirt, jacket, coat off. There’s something so animalistic in the satisfaction at the sight before him. Cas, vulnerable. Spread open beneath him. He wants to bury himself within him…
That sounds beautiful he decides. More of that.
Why are people always pressing knives against his throat? He thinks this one may have an angel blade. He swallows uncomfortably against the familiar pressure as the cool surface presses menacingly against his Adam’s apple. It is hauntingly familiar.
An image of Naomi’s torture chair rises unbidden in his mind. Of being trapped like a snared animal as Metatron cut into his vulnerable, exposed throat, taking everything from him. He finds it a lot easier to push Dean away then.
He thinks they are going to be okay.
The thought of those things happening makes him feel sick.
Dean breaks out some damp wipes that smell strongly like alcohol - sterile and stringent. “Now this may sting a little. Or like a mutha.” He grins impishly.
Dean thumbs at his tip, spreading moisture and Cas swallows a whimper, eyes squeezed tight as he nods desperately. Dean kisses him again as he slides his hand up and down, slowly – painfully slowly. That hand is bliss. That hand is pulling him into pieces in slow motion. He tries to shove his hips up, but Dean holds him down. He can only moan helplessly, lost in the sensation of his hands. Almost too much.
“Is your brother not well?” Metatron repeats, confusion passing over his features. “Because that spell was full-proof! If it didn’t work it’s because you morons did someth-
This causes Dean to moan loudly, choked off as he grinds his hips back down twice as hard, an automatic response. And he is hard. Castiel can feel every inch and it has him sweating with want and alarm at how fast this is going. He shudders a gasp and Dean only pushes harder.
Castiel feels sceptical and supposes it must show since Dean sees something that causes him to reach out and cup his cheek reassuringly. “Hey, don’t worry about it. There’s nothing to be mad about is there? We’re big boys-” His eyes twinkle mischievously at that.  “– one a little older anyway...But  we’re still us. Just with this too.” He gestures at Castiel’s half-naked body before laying a surprisingly gentle kiss upon his lips.
When Dean pauses his search to give him a disgusted look, Castiel realises how that must have sounded and blushes. “Don’t be disgusting Dean.” He chided. “I merely meant he spent so many hours here. Perhaps that level of dedication just leaves a mark after death.”
He felt Dean wrap his hands around his wrists, very carefully (the nerves were still damaged from being restrained for so long, they still kept throbbing, an unpleasant reminder). Dean pulled them away, hovered closer to meet his eyes.
Treacherously, he feels the bliss of Dean’s hand slide away. His eyes snap open and he’s about to ask what the hell Dean thinks he’s doing when he cups his balls lightly, squeezes gently. His lower stomach muscles spasm, tense up.
Pointedly, he reaches out, traces the sheen of Cas’ lower lip with his thumb, before slipping it inside. Obediently, Cas sucks a little, making Dean grunt, has him panting, heart racing. He sees the moment Cas works out the significance. His eyes sharpen, focus, then deftly, he pulls back so he can lower Dean to the floor. He’s surprisingly gentle, dangerously strong and it’s all Dean can do not to fight the instinct to resist being submissive. Not that Cas is dominating him exactly. He falls back willingly, Cas pillowing his head with his hand for a moment before withdrawing.
He leaves Dean puzzled, painfully turned on and shaking. All he can think is:
When he was an angel, he would never have believed anything physical could feel this good. To be touched and taken apart until you can’t stay still, cannot possibly keep quiet. He writhes and Dean looks pleased. He would never have even hoped to one day experience this with Dean. The most he would desperately hope for, in the back of his mind, was a kiss.
------
When the dark outline of Dean’s face looms into view, obscuring everything else, Castiel realises what he wants.
All the fight drains out of him. Dean lowers the blade, looks away from Metatron. Staring at nothing yet trying to deny the plain truth of the matter. Keep Cas away, but possibly never be able to see him again. No. He can’t. He won’t.
He wasn’t the only former angel who had learned how to drive.
Castiel always imagined there would be something wistfully romantic about their first time together. But he can’t deny this. Can’t hope to stop this. It’s gritty, brutal, hard and real. His teeth clack together; his head keeps hitting the headboard when Dean jerks against his sweaty body, another undeniably hard thrust that is more than good enough. It’s wild, dirty and so, so good.
He avoided the issue even now. “It’s just…Maybe those bastards who tortured Cas were right. Maybe it would be the key to unlocking heaven again. Then the angels would be gone and…” He trailed off.
They pull into the motel car park, gravel crunching under worn tires. Such a rush yet for one long moment, all they can do is stare at each other in the sudden silence, eyes meeting over the gear box.
“I really am fine.” He blurts out to break the tension a little.
It begins with wrath.
Sam ignores that. “So… Just how long have you been keeping this from me anyway?”
A ghost of a smile pulls at Cas’s mouth. “Hello, Dean.” He replies, same as ever.
He’d just barely managed to hold on to the memory of how voraciously humans could crave food, thanks to Jimmy Novak’s red meat obsession and a little helping hand from Famine, of course. The memory had repulsed him afterwards. He had loved burgers. They’d made him
“I’ll get there eventually. It’s just…It’s hard to let myself lose control anymore.” He admitted stiffly.
“Thank you.” For saving me. For being here when I woke up. For being my family. He hopes they can understand his meaning.
The minute Castiel steps into the bunker, Dean wants him.
“Why not?”
The truth has a habit of coming out. Always.
“Dean.” Sam’s eyes are gently appealing and his elder brother never could hold out against that.
Cas threw it into the metal trash can, shoved a pile of paper on top and set it alight by dropping his brand new lighter. He tore off his bag and added salt to the improvised bonfire, not stopping to check if he was right (he just knew he was), willing the thing to catch aflame.
Castiel opens his mouth to protest being ‘squishy’ in any way, shape or form when Dean lands a light blow squarely to his chest. Castiel doesn’t even stagger, merely tilts his head in confusion and blinks a few times.
So when it happened, it was all because of food.
“This isn’t right. I shouldn’t be treating you like this.” Dean interrupts. He whines low in his throat when he finds Castiel’s matching hardness, and presses down into it. That’s incredible. That’s for him. Cas groans and that’s even better. He’s practically sobbing at how good it feels and thinks this may be over embarrassingly quick.
“Cas! Cas! Oh God. What have they done to you?” Yes, he decides. That’s definitely his face. He’s kneeling in front of him, eyes furious, jaw set tight with worry. He’s cutting his hands free so recklessly, he nicks Cas’ flesh. He barely feels it but suddenly Dean is swearing, apologising, gathering Castiel to him. He’s sturdy, he’s real and he’s the most beautiful thing Cas has ever seen in his life.
“Okay…” Dean sighs shakily, bravado fading a little as they both anticipate the task at hand. “No more dirty talk right? Unless you want to finish me off right this second.”
“Hang on, wait a minute Cas!” His eyes were bright with fever but still sharp. “Where’s Dean? He hasn’t filled me in on how the hunt went. Not like him.”
There’s a chink of light from outside that floods his room as the door opens. Dean steps in. He knows it’s him. He can feel it. That tingle in the back of his mind. The source of light is promptly cut off as the door is pulled shut. Cas waits for the rush of light, expecting Dean to locate the switch. Instead, the dark, bulky, shape softly and silently moves closer. Those finely-honed hunting skills on display, sleek and deadly.
They were gasping, swallowing, speeding up. Their combined cries of pleasure creating a sinfully beautiful chorus. There was no rush, just the natural build up the that final great rush of pleasure, inevitable and welcome.
“Please Cas. Let me get out of here with you.”
“You’re family,” Sam answers simply.
“I need to be able to help you. I need - ” He feels a painful lump in his throat which is inexplicable. His thoughts are whirring thanks to alcohol, blood loss and Dean‘s proximity. The words come thick and fast through no filter. He’s always said what he means with a truthfulness some find uncomfortable or 'freaky'. It’s only gotten worse since he fell. He finds himself desperately gripping Dean’s bicep, nails meeting muscle through soft plaid. “I understand that I’m useless now. That you don’t need me but I have to help.”
“See?” Dean says, shaking his head a little. “You are so naive.”
So…this is basically PWP. Well, you waited long enough! And yes, this relationship is becoming deliberately co-dependent. Let me know if you liked this chapter. My first full love scene. Anywaaaay...
He trails off at Dean’s expression. His face looks grim, jaw set before taking a huge bite of burger to cover up whatever expression his face was betraying. He looked mad. But why would he be mad? Castiel shrugs it off.
So many times, so many motels have the Winchesters asked to share a room. They have been on the receiving end of many raised eyebrows, all from nosy receptionists who have drawn the wrong conclusions.
“Want you inside me,” He murmurs, it slips out, unbidden. It’s a like a line from the pizza man’s adventures, but it’s honest. Honesty is what they need.
“I am not. But it is hard to control sometimes.” Castiel admits, wiping his eyes hurriedly with the sleeves of his coat.
They trade slow, lazy kisses in the softly illuminated confines of the bunker. Dean’s hand gently cups Castiel’s jawline, fingertips scratching along stubble, drawing out each kiss for as long as possible. It is unhurried, peaceful and to Cas, completely perfect. Damp, heated, slow…
Darkness.
He’s picking up a faster, more natural rhythm, hips moving powerfully, jolting Castiel’s body. He’s invading everything Castiel is, taking over until all he can feel is the place where they are joined. His body is beginning to accommodate him, stretching, pain slowly, but never completely, giving over to solace. He’s digging his nails into Dean’s back.
“Well I dunno Cas, lube perhaps? Condoms? What do you think?” He swears again, sounding increasingly desperate. “We’ll just have to go with what feels good.” He repeats. “So unprepared…”
“Nah.” Dean and Castiel agree on something at least. “He’s made of tougher stuff aint that right Cas?”
“It’s true! You think I care about a couple of scars?” Dean sat upright then, actually sounding a little angry. “I’m here aren’t I? I chose you. The weird, dorky ex-angel with a stick up his ass - that’s you by the way.” Cas rolled his eyes at the sarcasm. “You. The former twinkly beam of starlight or whatever the hell you were, man. I had sex with a friggin’ dude!”
“No more.” Cas mumbles, pulling himself upright, massaging his neck as he tries to catch his breath.
“You’re a goddamned genius. No I haven’t been with anyone else, Mr Judgypants.”  He meets his eyes, expression turning serious. “Just you.”
He can only nod weakly.
Cas to consent.
At least it
“Well, you’re no baby in a trench coat but you
“-And sad. Like, missing your family sad. And maybe even lonely... I don’t know, I’m saying this all wrong. I guess. I just don’t want to take advantage like that.”
Cas shakes his head to derail that particular train of thought. It’s unhelpful and frustrating. He sits up and considers going to check on Sam, see if he wants to talk it out. Humans are just so domestic. And so is he, it would seem.
“Dean, I’m trying -”
Castiel drops the remains of his burger and sighs deeply. Pre-vessel Castiel would never become so wrapped up in something this trivial. But now, nothing seemed to matter more to him than this ridiculous human’s happiness. So entwined was their co-existence. It was baffling. He finds the right words to placate and pinches the bridge of his nose. A headache was coming on.
“Cas!” Dean groans again, like a prayer, like Castiel is his salvation. Cas smiles at that thought. Sex is such a small part of being human, right now it feels like everything.
“Then help me.” He repeats once more, murmuring into the angel’s skin.
“Dean!” He had frantically run to him, heart in his mouth, terrified of the lifeless figure, imagining a thousand different scenarios in which his world was gone. Because that was how it had felt.  A life without Dean… It was more frightening than no life at all. He couldn’t heal anymore. What if he was too late? He was supposed to bring Dean home to his ailing brother, to protect him. What if he –
The man in question pulls back a little, noses almost touching, bodies still pressed together, the faintest pressure. His eyes are soft, lips swollen and Castiel is lost against them for a very long moment. He tastes
Dean goes very still at that before scrubbing a hand over his eyes. He crosses his legs for some reason. “Okay. Right, but just don’t go getting offended by this. I can literally feel myself growing a vagina just by mentioning it – but I don’t want to take advantage of you. I’m not going to be that guy.”
The tan trench coat billows out behind him.
He grabs that face, smashes his lips against Castiel’s. It’s violent and Cas practically yelps under his kiss, but Dean captures that too, slides his tongue inside, plunders. It’s warm, wet messy and so perfect Dean could cry. He knows where he wants that mouth next and the state he’s in won’t make him shy about asking – no,
And with that, Dean bucks up far harder than expected. Using the moment to his advantage, the eldest Winchester uses his weight to flip their positions, face inches from Castiel’s and looking pretty smug about it. His smile is blinding. “Getting a bit shabby there old man.”
“Wouldn’t have offered if I wasn’t.”
“Ew. I’m flattered, but I’m really not feeling it with you douchebag.” Dean snarks back, trying to make the angel feel uncomfortable, though his heart is hammering and his mind’s racing with what he needs to do next. “I just want information.”
“What Cas?” Dean moves to the edge of the bed now. So they are no longer touching. He shakes his head sadly. “I thought you wanted… never mind. My mistake. I guess I should…”
Nothing is simple. Before Cas could retort, he was promptly thrown back off his feet by a powerful blast of psychic energy. Instead of hitting the glass wall with a jarring impact, he went straight through it, shattering the window into hundreds of jagged shards with the force of his body.
He thinks it will get better once Cas comes back. He’s so serene, a calm soothing presence with the knowledge of heaven within his mind. He will be able to help. Just him being there will help, Dean tells himself. He’s clueless with people but somehow always manages to say the right thing with Dean.
Dean kisses him roughly to cut him off. But Cas breaks away and continues: “I’ll be here to help you through this. I’ll stay with you.”
“Okaaay.” Sam stretched the word out, needing the time to gather his thoughts. Why couldn’t they have a normal breakfast? Just a little cereal, maybe read the paper with a cup of coffee? No time loops, no demons popping in, no apocalyptically bad news hidden in a news headline. He sighed knowing this was going to get complicated. Dean could never separate Castiel from his feelings (as it should be, Sam thought). Dean also didn’t like to discuss his feelings. Messy.
Dean knew it would one day come back to bite him in the ass. But Metatron had asked nothing of him so far.
He dives for the door handle and races after him, stumbling a few times in his haste.
This situation seems scarier for some reason.
It happens unconsciously, without consent. Easy as breathing: spontaneous and natural. Just as vital.
“Perhaps I could read to you?” Castiel suggested hopefully. Sam had acquired several interesting books, not all of them about demon lore.
“You’re asking for it now,” he murmurs, voice low.
He considers Dean’s words. He wants to be their family but has a habit of killing family. He wants to warn them. Tell the Winchesters to run away. But he’s not strong enough. He’s selfish. He needs them. Sometimes he needs Dean so much it’s a physical ache since he fell.
“I could hear you from the study,” Castiel states, something accusatory in his tone. Dean has been avoiding him as much as possible. But how can he when Cas seeks him out like this? It isn’t fair. He could weep with the frustration. He’s trying to be good, he really is. A dark greed pushes at the edges of his awareness, but that’s only the surface. It disguises a much deeper need, a craving for reassurance, a desperation to have someone hold him, to feel something real and find a release that won’t end in pain.
Dean takes in his brother’s earnest expression and sighs. “That’s a laugh. As if I’d ever hurt Cas. As if I
“Dean, I’m not angry!”
“What is your point?” Castiel asked, an edge to his voice despite the good intentions behind Dean’s clumsy words. He certainly hoped there was a point.
“I’m going to kill him when he gets back.” Sam had kept repeating over the course of three days.
“Ew no! Don’t ever say stuff like that to me!” Watching Sam flail makes Dean smile broadly. He’s glad to have covered up that raw moment. Something he secretly thinks but will never confess. Sam mercifully lets the moment pass.
It gets so much worse.
At times like those, he likes to slip outside and watch the world go by, watches the bees once more.
And the thing was, Dean hadn’t pushed him away. Not at first. Castiel’s arms still hurt from the firm grip he’d had on them. His lips tingle and are swollen from the way Dean’s mouth moved hungrily against his. His jaw hurts from how hard Dean had pressed back. He remembers the breathless way Dean had gasped against him. The rough way he’d pulled Cas in closer.
“You here to tease me to death?” Is the waspish response.
He lowers his mouth to Cas’ stomach, kisses carefully, reining himself in. He leaves a trail of kisses leading up to the hot skin of Cas’ sternum, tastes his heart beat with his tongue. He’s still amazed he has one. Cas squirms, gasps. Grips at Dean’s hair. This conjures a powerful image in Dean’s mind of reversed positions, as he takes a hardened peak of a nipple into his mouth before sucking hard, less gentle and polite than he would usually be.
That’s definitely a bit different, a bit fuller as the digits breach him. Cas curves his spine, bucks a little. He keeps any noises to himself, not wanting Dean to hesitate again. He must sense that Castiel is on the edge anyway because he slows down, circles intensely, spreading the oil inside. When Cas tenses, he licks a stripe up his neck, sucks a kiss beneath his ear.
“You stay with me now Cas, don’t you dare go to sleep, you hear me?” He shakes Cas hard enough to make his teeth rattle. He has to fight a violent wave of nausea. “I am so mad at you right now, you dumbass. But that doesn’t matter. You’re here now. And you’re gonna be just fine alright?”
He is calm and controlled. He uses the angel blade in a contained manner that is very effective. Castiel knows a lot about torture, but these two are experts. They laugh, taunt, try to break him down. He is isolated, shivering with shock and very much alone by the time he realises they are going to push him to far. They are enjoying this far to much and will probably kill him accidentally. They don’t understand what it is to be human. They ask the same questions over and over, as if they can trick him into changing his answers.
“Quiet now. Dean’s level of dedication to you knows no bounds,” Castiel agreed. “But even if he is foolish enough to strike such a bargain, I will still find a way to pull him out of hell...Angel or not.”
Dean cracks his knuckles, pulls in a deep sigh and attentively reaches over to Castiel. For a strong, occasionally fierce man, Dean’s touch is surprisingly gentle. He pries the soaking towel from Castiel’s grip, only to press it back down again with a grimace. “Can you hold it a little longer?”
Driven to an early grave by a stressful job and no one even noticed he was gone. Or demanded that final report he had been slaving over that had led to a fatal heart attack in the early hours of the morning.
“Given the circumstances, I’m glad to hear it.” Sam says nonchalantly, eyebrow quirked with wry amusement.
Castiel rakes his nails down Dean’s back as they jolt together, pulling him closer. Heat pools in his stomach, his balls feel tight, cock unbearably hard as he finds friction against Dean’s body, free foot flat against the bed, pushing up. The pleasure builds and builds as he gets more desperate, pushing up against Dean, using his body. They break apart every now and then to find the perfect angle, to readjust and avoid oversensitivity.
He lays his now human hand over the mark gently and breathes. It’s twice the size. Dean goes still, the easy rise and fall of his breathing slowing. He peers back at the fallen angel.
Hospital.
Castiel bites his tongue. Then takes another pull anyway.
Sex is distracting.
“Who?” Castiel mumbles, head spinning.
As long as Dean doesn’t change his mind now Sam knows. Decide to go back to what they once were. But why would he? And how could anyone expect him to bear such a falsity?
“Come on now. Don’t knock it until you’ve tried it grumpy.” Dean smiles, eyes crinkling in the corners. “The burgers here are better than sex. Well, almost.” He adds, grin turning a little crooked and Castiel shakes his head, trying to remain stern.
“Don’t you dare leave me you son of a bitch!”
“I’m sorry Dean, that’s just how I see him.”
When Castiel damns the scribe out loud and explains his reasoning behind it, Dean roars with laughter. And that’s good. Castiel likes that. He can feel the vibrations against his body. Can share his happiness.
They ask impossible questions, one’s he can’t answer. He suspects they know he can’t answer, they must be able to see inside his mind. Maybe they just want to hurt him. Biker - no Matthias, Lia had called him as she cheered him on - carved his chest up with shallow cuts, sliding, stinging stripes of pain. Just shallow enough to keep him conscious, to maim not kill. He’ll have scars if he can survive this, they are marring Jimmy’s, no his, perfect skin. He’s so woozy. He's forgetting who he is as his blood drips against concrete. He voice is so raw, he can no longer cry out. There is no point anyway. For what seems like a very long time, he is alone with nothing but his pain for company. These creatures don’t count. They thrive on his suffering.
He kisses Dean’s temple before finding the whorl of his ear so he can make a suggestion: “You can be inside me if you like. I don’t mind.”
“Stuff?” He echoes, uncomprehending. He sees a light flush rising behind Dean’s ears and is fascinated.
“It’s not you.” He admits shaking his head, pride stinging a little. “I just…”
“Dean,” It comes out as a breathy moan which surprises them both.
“Great.”
His voice is hard and cold, leaving no room to argue. He wishes he could fly away now more than ever. Feels like a scolded child instead of the ancient being he really is. Was. Whichever.
“Moderately.”
He doesn’t think the man is being completely sincere.
At Dean’s sheepish expression, he knew Cas hadn’t. “For God’s sake Dean! He hasn’t said anything has he? You’re going behind his back aren’t you?”
He knows he doesn't deserve more. But he's human. Dean makes him want to be human. He brings out the best and worst in him. Always has.
“You said it yourself; it was a fake life.” He says calmly and clearly. “Emmanuel may have thought he loved her, but that wasn’t me.”
His eyebrows go up at that. “Are you saying you wish I was a girl?”
It’s the way Cas looks at him, wide-eyed, caring and innocent, despite being anything but. Cas is danger. Cas is
That sounds dangerously close to ‘feelings’ talk so Dean has to try a new tactic then, mouths at the vulnerable skin of his neck in mute desperation. He needs to get closer, even though their bodies are so tightly pressed together. Cas’ legs open wider to accommodate Dean. He scrapes teeth along a tendon until Cas is gasping, writhing, hands clenching at the damp fabric of his back, twisting the material. He kisses his pulse point, where the blood beats hot and fast. Cas has never felt so human and something primal within Dean responds to that as the angel tilts his head back in acquiescence.
He’s sobbing when Cas pulls harder, takes him deeper. He wishes this was something more. It occurs to him it could be. They have all the time in the world. This is just taking the edge of. If Castiel wants this from him, wants more from him, he can have it, take it. He is Castiel’s as much as Cas is able to be his. Cas is saving him in another way and he loves him more than ever for it.
WARNING: Chapter contains violence and scenes of torture. Though it's not all doom and gloom, consider yourself warned.
With that, he opens the door and makes his way towards their home. And if his legs are a little shaky on the way there, that’s a sight for only Castiel to see and treasure.
“Ready for this?” Dean murmurs against his stinging lips.
“Sure…” Metatron soothes patronisingly, stepping round a puddle of something nasty to cautiously step closer. “But even if he did, you gotta face the possibility that he won’t be the same adorable love-bunny you know now.”
“Just Castiel.” He corrects teasingly, swooping down to claim another light kiss before pulling back. He is gratified when Dean tries to follow.
He doesn’t know what to do now. Can they just carry on where they left off? The wild wave of arousal has died down a little but just looking at Dean makes him want to try out a whole host of new ideas. He wants to be the one doing the pressing down. He wants to find that friction again, to be the one who-
There’s an edge to Dean’s voice that Sam cannot argue with. Castiel buries his face into the warmth of Dean’s jacket, closes his eyes, inhales slowly. He hears Sam’s footsteps as he hurries to comply.
“So… Is it good?” Dean asks indistinctly, mouth crammed with pie. He devours the generous slice with appreciative enthusiasm, eyes rolling, practically inhaling it. Castiel feels absurdly jealous of that slice.
He flat-out glares at that. “Still like a friggin’ riddle.” He mutters. “What is this, Psych 101? Tell me why you kissed me!”
“Hey!” He protests sharply.
“You’re adorable.” Dean proclaims, washing the last bite down with coffee. Cas follows suit, meeting Dean’s eyes. He
“Yeah. Thought you weren’t asking me down here for gossip and tea. You already owe me for using that spell to heal your brother.” He grins unpleasantly, making Dean’s skin crawl. “That was an expensive favour - one I’ll be cashing in at the Bank Of Winchester soon enough.” Metatron grins as Dean flushes.
But Dean never answered.
“No you don’t.” Cas counters, breathing heavy. His eyes are sad but his tone is firm. “It’s that isn’t it?” He nods at Dean’s arm, eyes focused on the Mark of Cain with sad resolve. “Sam says it’s changing you, making you do things you would never do.”
