“I’m fine,” he says, and sounds it. “The bruising is uncomfortable, but I’ve had worse. All it needs is paracetamol and an icepack.” He turns and fixes her with a close, calculating look. “I’d like to see your wrists now, please.”
Joanna waits for the usual lecture about the dangers of sentimentality and his tireless dedication to The Work, but it doesn’t come. Instead Sherlock stares silently out the window, his lips pressed together in a pained line.
Joanna slumps to the floor, her back against the kitchen counter. Her knees hugged to her chest. “I’ll never forgive you for this,” she says, the words catching at the back of her throat. “Not ever, not even for a moment. Not for the rest of my life.”
Joanna takes a pair of latex gloves from her coat pocket and snaps them on. Her examination of the body reveals no obvious external signs of cause of death – no blood, no bruising beyond the expected lividity, no indication of any injury whatsoever. She leans close and smells the mouth and hands. They stink of datura.
And here we are! Chapter 16. This is a bit of a transitional chapter, marking the entry into the second part of the story. As such, it is a lot slower and less dramatic than the last one. I hope you will all bear over with me on this one and enjoy the slower pace.
It’s worse than Sherlock thought. The atmosphere in here is thick with damp, the humidity so high that small puddles have started forming on the floor. Water is seeping out from underneath several of the doors. The lights flicker. Sherlock remains by the door, indecisive about where to start and unwilling to get his shoes wet. These doors are all but foreign to him. Upstairs, he can find anything of importance within a few seconds. Down here is storage, though nothing like his proper storage room upstairs. A new door is formed not by meticulous organisation and deposition, but by throwing things into boxes, securing them as best he can, closing the door upon them and locking everything in. Sherlock has a vague idea what periods of his life are covered by which doors, but the exact contents remain thankfully unknown to him. Under normal circumstances.
So as John settles down to watch the nine o'clock news with a cup of tea and half a scone from yesterday and Sherlock slides onto the couch beside him, leaning back against the armrest and propping his feet up on John's lap in a gesture that's slightly too intimacy to be entirely friendly, John realises that it's been three whole days since the kiss and he's no closer to knowing whether to push Sherlock's feet away or pull him closer.
John doesn’t sleep well that night, if what he does can even be characterised as sleeping. He lies awake, reading his book, until Mary turns and complains that his light is still on when it’s nearly half past twelve. So John turns off the light. So Mary goes back to sleep. So John just lies there. Occasionally, he’s able to doze off, but it never lasts longer than twenty to thirty minutes before he’s awake again and looking at the time. Mostly, John just lies there. Not knowing what to do to pass the time and take his mind off Sherlock.
There’s a cup of tea on the table next to the music sheet, untouched since the early morning and long since gone cold. Tea stains on the inside of the cup. John’s old cup. Why he didn’t see fit to bring it with him when he moved out is a mystery to Sherlock. It’s an army mug, awarded to John when he left the military. He seemed quite fond of it. Why Mrs. Hudson chose to use that mug when she made tea for Sherlock earlier is another mystery. Quite possibly, the other mugs are dirty. Sherlock hasn’t done the dishes in a while and it’s all piling up next to his microscope. Juggling for room amid take-away trays and soil samples from Brixton that he collected more than a month ago and hasn’t got around to cataloguing yet.
Jim purrs softly. There’s an almost animalistic side to him, apparent in both his playfulness and his flirtation. Sherlock finds it completely irresistible.
A light bulb flickers overhead. It’s vaguely reminiscent of one of John’s stupidly predictable horror movies, one of the ones he’s made Sherlock sit through on at least four separate occasions. As soon as that comparison enters his head, the light goes out entirely. Control is not something of which Sherlock currently has an abundance. It takes him a solid ten seconds to remember where he’s placed the switch. A few experimental flicks manages to fix the problem temporarily, and the hallway in front of him is once again semi-visible in the ugly, diffuse yellow of the bulb.
Sherlock looks almost worried, a slight frown visible between his eyebrows. As though he’s expecting John to say something he doesn’t want to hear. John takes another moment to formulate a reasonable argument before going for it. “Don’t go overboard with it, alright? It’s an important day, but you don’t have to devote all your time to the preparations. Hell, Mary and I don’t do that and it’s our wedding. You’re allowed a life of your own, you know?”
And that had been it. The look in Sherlock’s eyes then, the softness of his voice as he all but whispered “I heard you”. It had felt a bit like taking a punch to the stomach. It had felt a bit like having the air knocked out of him. That look and that voice had been unfamiliar, something that John at the time had never gotten from Sherlock before. At least not in any way that had impressed strongly enough upon his mind for him to still remember it.
As Mary returns from the kitchen, fresh pot of tea in hand, she stops to place a kiss on the top of John’s head and Sherlock turns away again, returning his attention to the screen. Sherlock always looks away when John and Mary are kissing, at least as far as John can tell. It might be that Sherlock has convinced himself that watching people kiss is in opposition to his logical principles, as though just observing other people being intimate could somehow be a source of emotional contamination. It might just be something that John is imagining.
“We’ll be safe in Baker Street,” she says. She sees his reflection in the window pause. His hands leave her hair, the plait finished but untied.
“Last I saw her, she was in perfect health. Pink-cheeked and cheerful. I haven’t touched a hair on her empty little head, and I don’t particularly intend to.” He slides forward to the edge of the smooth leather seat, his knees bumping hers. “Your hair, on the other hand—”
“No, you just hid it. Not very well, either.” She frowns at the slow roll of clouds on the horizon. “Maybe I should switch to reading palms. Or tea leaves. Something less dependent on the weather.”
“Last night.” She takes another delicate sip of her drink – not her first of the day, then. Possibly not even her second. “It was a preemptive strike. She’s been threatening to leave for months; I just beat her to it.”
The wood is flush with late summer flowers, the little stream thick with reeds. They follow a path into the heart of the wood, past benches and signposts, until Donovan leads them off the path and into the trees.
“Can’t say. I’ve never tried.” She turns away, her cane clicking against the floor as she walks. “Come along, then. A little bird told me there’s a rotting corpse in the refrigerator with your name on it.”
“The wards on the house will hold, and I’ll see to it that your sister’s home is secure. Your flat, on the other hand—”
“You bought them in that bookshop on Peterborough Road. Elderly proprietor with a tremor in his right hand, smoked a meerschaum pipe. Compulsive gambler. He helped you select them; hardly the sort of thing you would have read, even at my age – shipwrecks and smugglers, lost worlds and unwinnable wars. Treasure and betrayal and revenge.” He smiles, exhaustion sharpening the long angles of his face. “Adventure stories, Mycroft. Fairy tales.”
The boy in the entrance hall had been a memory, a half-forgotten echo of the house around them; this Sherlock is a grown man badly in need of a shower and a shave, as real and as present as the Joanna Watson sleeping in the bed upstairs.
“He enjoys exposing and manipulating weakness – my weaknesses, certainly. I suppose he did the same with you.” Sherlock pauses. “Which did he choose? Afghanistan or your father?”
The flames recoil from the house, shrink from the walls and roof in a sudden rush of light and heat and collapse into a single form – a slim man made from fire, standing in the alley with the shadow’s fingers locked tight around his blazing wrist.
“Ecstatic.” She sets the empty cup on the beside table. “You said you didn’t expect the drinking. What ‘likely responses’ did you expect?”
“I am a stranger to no man,” Death said. “Nor to any woman, or little village girl.” Death turned back to the closed door. “The hermit will leave with me before moonrise. He need not welcome me.”
, she thinks, and for a moment she wishes she could step outside her body again and see it, see herself mud-soaked and shivering and awkwardly hugged by Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock thunders back into the entrance hall. “Mycroft! Stop dithering and get your fat arse down here!”
He takes a large step back, nearly colliding with her bedside table. “No, I’m fine. My head’s – fine. Just cold.” He takes the towel and buries his face in it, scrubbing it over his hair. “Lost my keys in the water,” he says through the towel. “I didn’t want to wake Mrs. Hudson.”
“This isn’t funny, Joanna,” he says, but it must be, because she’s practically shaking with it – his dirty hair and angry mouth and the look on his face just before the gun jammed, when he thought that he was going to die on his knees beside her – it’s hilarious. The funniest joke she’s ever heard.
“Sir,” the assistant says. Her expression is smooth, her posture perfectly poised, but her eyes stare through the screen of her Blackberry as if she’s seeing something else entirely. As Joanna watches, a bead of sweat slips down the woman’s temple. Mycroft closes the recipe book and sets it on the coffee table.
Gran would never have opened a door with magic when she had the key in her pocket. That sort of flash behaviour was for amateurs and table-rappers.
,” she says, to no one and for no particular reason. Then she says it again, louder, just because she can. Magic is
Joanna walks to the windows and pulls back the drape. Three more satchels hang over each pane of glass, all stitched in black thread with the same sigil. She lets the curtain fall back into place.
, says an echo from the dark of her mind, and she quite calmly stands, walks away from the table, and gags into Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen sink.
“I don’t suppose you can hear me, either,” she says, and the boy taps his ear in response. Then he reaches for something out of sight, keeping his gaze carefully fixed just to her left. A moment later, he holds up a notepad with the words
“Try anyway,” she says. Her Blackberry chimes, and she looks down at the screen. Her jaw tenses briefly before her expression turns blank again.
, child – I am dying. I am old and I am tired and I have chosen my time, and there is nothing either of you idiots can say or do that will change my mind.”
He gasps for breath, and she loosens the tree’s grip around his chest until he can speak. “It wasn’t me. I had no reason,” he pants, “to want you to forget.”
“Honestly,” he says, dropping a bag of sugar beside the empty jam jars on the top shelf, “when one takes into consideration your dismal observational skills and the compulsive nature of your ever-burgeoning adrenaline addiction, it really is a wonder that you’ve survived as long as you have. I commend you.”
“It is your life to gamble,” Death said a second time, and, satisfied, the girl left the window and returned to the hermit’s bedside.
“Smart arse.” Gran reaches into her grocery sack and takes out a cardboard shoebox. She sets it on the table between them. “Open it.”
They’re on Park Road when the tower of black smoke comes into view, darker than the deep indigo of the evening sky and rising above the houses like a thundercloud. Harry curses as they hit another snarl of traffic, slowing the car to a near stop. “Fuck,” she says, slamming her hands against the steering wheel. “I can’t fucking get past. Jo—”
“I am not.” She holds the glass as Gran takes a sip of water. “Just because I’m not an exhibitionist lesbian or a sex-crazed octogenarian with a baldness fetish—”
The sun is warm overhead, and sweat trickles down Joanna’s neck, past her collar. “I’ve never raised a chicken, but I still know how to fry an egg.”
She doesn’t always see him in his room. Sometimes if she goes to the attic too early on a Sunday morning she’ll see him staring bleary-eyed into his bathroom mirror, half-dressed and skinny and brushing his teeth; once or twice she catches a glimpse of him in the backseat of an expensive car, or walking along a busy street. He takes to carrying a compact mirror in his pocket, and with it he shows her snapshots – the delicate clockwork of a gutted pocket watch, an ill-tended garden, a perfect footprint preserved in dried mud. The solemn, high-ceilinged halls of his school, and the rusted labyrinth of pipes in its cellar.
Both men turn to stare at her. “Permanent damage?” the man in fatigues says, and she can see the sceptical twist of his frown even through the mask.
Their host is watching her, eyes sharp behind her round glasses. She is unfamiliar, unsettling – a neat little woman with steel-grey hair and a flour-white apron. She sits at the table and smiles up at them, her hands folded in her lap. “So – the children found in the wood. You have questions for me, I suppose?”
Sherlock snorts. “Hardly. Datura is a powerful, agitating deliriant; her death was clearly a peaceful one, so she must have fallen comatose shortly after she ingested the toxin. Given her past recreational use of the weed, we can assume she knew the difference between an amount that would send her flying through the night on her broomstick and one that would kill her almost instantly. Her overdose was deliberate.”
Asleep, the world is simple. Quiet and slow. Sometimes there is a sound like water, and she feels as though she is lying on the mud-soft bottom of a deep lake, with miles of dark water between her and the sky.
Joanna turns over her left hand and looks at the faded scars there, the old wounds crossing the creased lines of her palm. “I don’t think you’ve missed anything,” she says. The words are slow, almost careful. Dream-like. She feels their weight on her tongue. “You’ve seen everything you need to see. You just haven’t found an explanation that fits the evidence.”
“Good, you’re awake. Another hour and I’d have been forced to phone Stamford and request a house call.” Sherlock is sitting beside her, his back against the headboard and his long, pyjama-clad legs stretched out on top of the sheets. He appears to be fascinated by the glowing screen of her mobile. “And no, we didn’t have sex.”
Joanna has been Sherlock’s crime fighting sidekick long enough to know that this is when things devolve into pointless insults and bickering. Sure enough, Sherlock says, “Honestly, Anderson, even
“The pond, Sherlock. How did you manage that? Have they installed one at New Scotland Yard since I was last there?”
The book is caught in one of the neighbour’s hedges, not far from where they’re standing in the street. What’s left of the spine is charred black, and the front and back covers are gone. Only a few pages remain, curled in the rain, and as Joanna watches a gust of wind whips them open, revealing a picture of a woman – a woodcut printed in black ink. The woman is tall and robed, her face lifted to the sky. In one arm she holds a cornucopia overflowing; in the other, a scythe. Below her are four words printed in large, heavy letters.
He was always so far away, before. It never occurred to her to wonder what she would do if she could touch.
Sure enough, as she pushes herself unsteadily to her feet she sees a few seedlings of thyme and what might be yarrow sprouting up from the dark soil. They’re delicate and green and perfect – the first things she’s ever grown.
The sewing kit is the least suspicious item of the three. It’s old and many times repaired, an heirloom with a practical use. Joanna cleans the silver sewing needles, replaces a nearly empty spool of black thread, and tucks the kit away in the cabinet beneath the bathroom sink – a perfectly natural place to keep such a thing. If Sherlock ever gives the sewing kit so much as a second thought, he never mentions it.
Gran smiles, a thin press of lips that hides none of her pain. “Such a clever girl.” She pauses, then adds: “In your own way.”
Silence. His lips are chapped, the skin at the corners of his eyes as wrinkled and thin as crepe paper. He needs sleep, and water, and food. He needs to stop waiting for a dead woman to wake.
She takes another long drink from the cup. “Right. Because you’re not in the habit of coddling drunks.”
“One of them. The one I needed.” He coils the ribbon around his finger, loose at first, then tight enough to bleach the skin white. “The late Madame, while an unremarkable Seer, was quite the talented historian. Her passion was genealogy – bloodlines and inheritances.” He twists the ribbon again, and the book groans with the strain. “But magical genealogy is a difficult business, what with the secrecy and the paranoia and that tricky period last millennium when most of you were hanged or burned at the stake. Or drowned.” The ribbon rips free in a hiss of old silk. “The innocent sink, and the damned rise to the surface – that’s how it goes, isn’t it? It’s been so long since I saw a proper drowning.”
The old woman ushers them down the corridor and into a brightly lit kitchen. If this is a ‘mess’, Joanna has never seen one like it – every surface in the room has been scrubbed spotlessly clean, from the stove to the worktops to the broad wooden table and its charming little vase of purple flowers.
“No,” he says, grinning. “I probably won’t.” The pages of the book are dense with names and dates and meaningless acronyms; Moriarty tips it toward his chest and gives her a wink. “Fate or free will, Watson. What’s your call?”
The witch of the wood smiled. ‘Just so,’ she said, and took a yellow-bristled brush from the deep pocket of her skirts. ‘Take this brush and go to the tall stone that stands over the rich man’s grave. Polish its surface until it gleams like mirror glass, and do not stop until you see your beloved’s reflection standing behind you. Do you understand?’
Mrs Barrow startles at the sound of his voice, as if she’d forgotten he was still at the table. “Wasn’t that rather before your time, Mr Holmes?”
Sherlock is shouting her name, fighting the confines of his root-woven cage, but his voice sounds faint and far away. Sound itself is fading, unimportant; she does not need to hear when she can feel so much. Does not need to see or smell or taste, not when the earth and the air and the dead wood of the house around her tell her all she needs to know. Moran is gone, has escaped her grip with his broken arm and his bloody hand, but it does not matter. She is strong enough now to keep Sherlock safe.
“Obviously,” Mrs. Hudson says with such a familiar note of scorn in her voice that Joanna can’t help but wheeze a laugh. “This isn’t funny, young woman. I’m phoning for an ambulance.”
, she wants to say, but she feels the futility of the lie before she can so much as open her mouth. She looks down at the cane – the garden stains on the stem and the marks left by years of climbing the same tall staircase. She hasn’t been inside the house in years, and Sherlock sees her still trying to climb its steps. “How did you know about my parents?”
She moves close again and tips his head down, looking into his eyes. “What’s wrong with you? Did you hit your head when you fell?”
Harry sits back in her chair, scowling, and for a moment looks about fourteen years old. “That’s cheating, and you know it. Using Gran’s voodoo voice tricks – it’s a rotten way to win an argument.”
“Yeah, a funny thing about kidnappers – they don’t tend to be terribly conscientious about returning one’s personal effects.” She climbs the steps and leans against the doorframe, loose hair falling over her shoulder. She pushes it back again, wincing as her fingers catch in the wet knots. “Should we try shouting for Mrs. Hudson, do you think, or go ‘round to the fire escape?”
The witch was hunched and grey and skinny as sticks. She looked the bride up and down with her little black eyes and said, ‘You are much too tall. Come back when you are shorter, and I will bake you in my oven and eat you for my supper.’
Sherlock’s mobile is still on the coffee table; it only takes a moment for her to type and send the text.
He closes the door behind him as he leaves. Joanna stands beside the table, watching Sherlock as he waits for the sound of his brother’s footsteps to fade. He sits motionless in his chair, research forgotten. His finger is still bleeding.
“Doesn’t make much difference, I’ve found.” She thumps her cane once against the ground. “Get on with it, girl. The sun’s in my eyes, and I want a cup of tea.”
Harry’s fingers are cold and heavy over hers, and Joanna remembers the dawn light through her grandmother’s bedroom window. The sound of her breath when her chest rose for the last time, and the stillness after it fell. “Is that why she didn’t teach you?” Joanna says. “Because you asked?”
She doesn’t open her eyes at first – instead she feels the car moving beneath her, smells the leather seats and the subtle sting of a man’s expensive aftershave, sitting close. The Chinese smugglers had knocked her out with a blow to the head and tossed her in a van, but this is a considerably more refined operation – a jet-injected dose of a fast acting sedative to the neck and a getaway in a bloody limousine.
“I want to never again suffer famine or drought. I want never to be hungry.” The girl leaned out the window and gave Death a grin not unlike his own. “I want the cornucopia.”
She cannot see the face of the tall man sitting behind the desk, but she sees the way his hands move as he speaks. His long, expressive fingers, and the dark halo of his hair.
A steel spiral staircase leads from the second level shelves down to the main floor of the library; he takes the steps down two at a time and then strides past her, his eyes never leaving the book. He crosses to the other side of the library and opens a door hidden in the wall. It leads to a short flight of stone stairs and a brightly lit cellar room. Joanna follows him inside.
He nods. Then, after a brief pause, he says something in return. She doesn’t need to hear the words to know it’s something secret. Something he would never say to anyone else.
“I’m not dying tonight, child; I’m in far too sour a mood. Death himself would hesitate to cross me while I’m in a mood like this.”
She grits her teeth. “Untie my hands, Mr. Moriarty, and you’ll see for yourself exactly how useless I am.”
“I’ll just take my horrible human weakness and go, shall I?” She slides out of the bed and manages a single step before her legs turn to jelly and she falls to the floor in an undignified, half-dressed heap. She presses her cheek to the floorboards and sighs. “Bugger. That was a good exit line, too.”
Her temper lives too close beneath the surface, these days. Joanna clenches her jaw, keeping silent until she’s sure she can speak without being unkind. “I’d rather not talk about that today,” she says. “If you don’t mind.”
Joanna closes her eyes and very carefully doesn’t smack him. “Sherlock, I’m dating Sarah. If I’m going to sleep with anyone—”
“Yes,” Joanna says. “I understand.” She crouches down and sets the mouse on the stone steps. It sniffs the air, its small nose quivering, and then disappears into the winter-brown garden. She stands again, slipping her hands into her pockets. “Was that my lesson? That every spell has its price?”
“Joanna, your arm,” he says, not for the first time, and she doesn’t know when he moved to kneel on the floor beside her but he is, he is close and steady and trying to wrap his suit jacket around her forearm to stop the bleeding. “Joanna,
They haven’t had time to straighten up the kitchen since the madness of the smuggling case, and there isn’t space enough on the worktop for a mug, much less the kettle. She stuffs a few things into the empty cupboards to make room and starts the tea.
“He murdered your son,” Joanna says, her mouth like dust. “He cracked open Peter’s ribs and cut out his heart, and then he did the same to another child, and another, and another.”
“You absolute prick,” she says, and rips open his suit jacket, feeling for injuries with shaking hands. “I could kill you myself.”
She leans back a bit, putting some distance between them. “His men used plastic ties, and I pulled at them more than I should have. I doubt there’s any useful evidence there.”
“She’s not breathing.” Sherlock’s voice, and so close – those might be his shaking hands cradling her face, tipping back her head to open her airway. His fingers warm against her skin. She’s so cold now, cold and empty and as tired as she’s ever been. She opens her eyes and sees his face hovering over hers. Sees Mrs Hudson and Harry standing behind him, frightened and pale.
, she thinks, because this time tomorrow or next week or next year she’ll be dead, and he’ll still be Sherlock Holmes. He’ll still be an idiot, and there will be no one left to tell him so.
Sherlock is still moving forward, ready to push past the barricades and through the front door. Joanna grabs his arm, swinging him back into the crowd. “Wait. Not yet.”
Mrs Barrow slips her hand away from his, her eyes hollow. “Apologies were not part of our arrangement, Sebastian,” she says.
“I suppose he’s waiting for a reply,” Gran says, her eyes still on the letter, her voice horribly calm. She crumples the paper in her fist and holds it out over the railing, cupped in the palm of her hand. “This will have to do.”
Her knees wobble, then give out beneath her. She sits down hard in the dirt, staring up at the wall and panting into the gloom.
“I’ll catch up.” She gives him a small half-smile, the most she can manage at the moment. “Try not to let them kill each other?”
Sherlock walks past him without a word, not stopping until he stands at the edge of the pit, looking down.
Mrs. Hudson is bent over her, hand raised, face frantic and pale as chalk. The front door is whole and untouched, the skin of Joanna’s palm unbroken; there’s no sign of needle or thread or fire. Except—
The floor beneath the kitchen table was cold and unswept. Joanna knelt on stiff knees, her head tipped at an awkward angle as she burned her grandmother’s name into the wood.
“Long night?” He fixes her with a bleary sort of glare. “Right, sorry,” she says in an exaggerated whisper. “Tea.
“I remember that when she was sick – when she was dying, and she lost three stone in as many months and the pain was so terrible she couldn’t eat or sleep or stand, I remember hating her for leaving me.” Joanna looks down at her lap. At the gentle tremor in her left hand. “The morning she died, I almost brought her back. I’d promised myself I never would, but she was gone and I needed her. I didn’t have anyone else.”
,” the assistant breathes, profanity shaped from a sigh of relief, and then there’s a loud crack as her grandmother’s cane rips free from its place above the mantle and shrieks across the room, past Joanna and directly through the empty air where Mycroft stood just a moment before. It slams into the wall and stays there, buried inches deep and quivering.
Adrienne closes her hand, and when she opens it again the key is gone. “I assume you remember how to begin?”
“There’s a barrel of ash in the garden – books and papers, judging by the remnants. She burned them just before she died.” He stares at the table like he can see through to the body above. “She was paranoid. Reclusive. Had her groceries delivered, refused to leave the house. Binned her post unopened. She hadn’t accepted a new client in two months.”
For the first time since she regained consciousness, Joanna feels the panic beneath the rising adrenaline. She refuses to call it fear – not now, with her hands and feet bound and his hungry, mocking eyes fixed on hers. She meets his gaze evenly, unflinching. “My dear dead gran would have ripped you to pieces.”
“Jo!” the human with the axe yells through the din, shouting into the crack it opened in the oak’s trunk. “Jo, can you hear me?”
Sherlock closes the file and pulls another out of the nearest stack. “She’s comatose, Mycroft. It makes no difference to her whether I’m there or not.”
“And I really don’t believe you,” she says, hurt making the words sound sharper than she means them. “I’ve seen how lonely you are.”
The shadow on the door moves, guiding Joanna’s hand to the dark silhouette of its face; she presses the fire-threaded needle into the wood, just between its eyes. She shudders, bound to the shadow by the length of black thread and flame stretched between them, and reaches for the next needle.
He stops suddenly, looking down at Joanna’s arm and the delicate green tendril growing from the bloody tip of one of the splinters. As he watches, it unfurls into a tiny oak leaf.
A wet slice of sweet and sour pork slithers past her collar and into her shirt, and she shrieks a bit, before she can stop herself. The half-drunk couple at the next table turn and stare; Sherlock is already back in his seat, picking at his food and looking disturbingly angelic. “Problem?”
Mycroft’s careful composure is as difficult to read as ever, but it has a forced quality that unsettles her. She pauses inside the doorway and meets his eyes. “You’re frightened for him, aren’t you?”
The boy soon recovered. The rich man made the orphan girl his ward, and from that day on treated her as his own daughter. She lived in the rich man’s house and grew up alongside the rich man’s son, and when they were no longer children the rich man’s son asked her to be his wife.
The first page is a recipe for a simple dark wheat bread. Gran taps it with one thin finger, and Joanna frowns. “Bread?”
The viper’s venom spread fast, and soon Death stood waiting at the edge of the field, patient as a shadow. The bride pressed a kiss to her young husband’s shaking hands and ran out of the grasses, away from the town and onto the twisting path that led deep into the dark heart of the wood.
The lock is not a house lock – it does not belong to anyone. It opens for the key. Strangers do not have the key, and strangers do not come inside.
Another chime and the table trembles beneath them; that’s all the warning Joanna gets before three long splinters burst through her forearm in wooden spikes, jagged and wet with her blood. She shudders, impaled on the table like a specimen on display, and as the clock chimes again she looks up from splintered oak and broken flesh and meets Sherlock’s horrified eyes.
“I’ve brought snacks,” she tells the mirror. “You should take this as a sign of my determination.” She pulls the bag of crisps from her coat pocket, and as she lifts her head she sees him.
She shrugs a little, and her shoulder bumps against his. “Nothing. He forgot me.” She slides her wrist free from his long-fingered grip. He lets her. “I hate to say it, but I’m going to need the toilet soon.”
but she finds the strong speed of his pulse and breathes again, her air in his lungs. He chokes, and his eyes open, water-pale and fixed on hers.
He shrugs. “It was an unusual crime. No physical evidence ever found, the police entirely out of their depth.” He hesitates, glancing at Joanna. “And the victim and I were the same age. Almost to the day.”
Breathing gets suddenly easier, though the smell remains; Mrs Hudson must have found something to cover her mouth and nose. Joanna closes her eyes and tries to see her, to reach out through the warding spell.
The mobile is forgotten. He glares down at her, his mouth twisted in an unattractive sneer. “Why should I? This is your weakness, not mine, and I’m not in the habit of coddling drunks – however pathetic they might be.”
“Can’t be helped, darling,” Violet says hoarsely, her lips dry against the rim of the glass. “You’re just such delightful company.”
Sherlock pushes her head down like he’s a copper ducking a criminal into the back of a police car, and it’s enough to start her giggling again. Magic crawls under her skin like red ants, like bubbles in a shattered champagne glass; she hardly notices when Sherlock slides into the back seat with her, crouching low to fit.
,” Harry hisses, which is hilarious. Joanna laughs and tree roots burst up from the ground beneath her, jaundiced and thin in the daylight and twisting towards her feet.
“I would have given my life for hers,” Joanna says. “But I didn’t. I passed her last test.” She smiles, thin-lipped and strained. “I haven’t used the things she taught me since.”
The witch shrugged her bony shoulders. ‘I may be a witch,’ she said, ‘but Death is Death. Some things cannot be changed.’
,” he says, lingering over each syllable with a sort of morbid delight. “The devil’s weed. A popular hallucinogen among the desperately spiritual and terminally stupid.” He grins. “Supposedly used by the witches of medieval Europe in their dark, ecstatic rites.”
Mrs Barrow drags him back, trying to force him out the door.  “It isn’t you he wants,” she says, pleading with him over the sound of the sixth bell. “He only wants Joanna, just Penny’s little girl; if you leave now—”
According to the article that follows, the damage to the building was superficial; residents were treated for smoke inhalation and have made a full recovery.
“You’re probably thinking of ways to save him,” Moriarty says, sounding amused. “I can hear that cracked little misery of a mind just crank-crank-cranking away. You’d detonate the bomb yourself if you thought you could catch me in the blast, but there’s no way to be sure, is there? Lover boy could be here now. He could be just on the other side of that wall.”
“Please. Sarah isn’t an idiot; she’s seen what our life is like, and she isn’t going to let your relationship advance any further than it already has: the sofa. No – as I’m sure you’ve realised by now, you’d have far better luck with a one-night stand. Something amiable and anonymous and emotionally undemanding – possibly with a woman, more likely with a man.” She opens her eyes to see him sweeping her body with a long, dispassionate look. “You’d want to be the dominant party in either case, and I doubt you’d hear any complaints. You may not be a conventionally beautiful woman, but your high level of sexual confidence and proficiency makes you an unusually stimulating partner.”
She prepares dinner quietly, careful of the clatter of pots and chipped ceramic plates as she waits for him to take up the violin and play. She expects plucking or screeches or, if she’s lucky, the random, indecipherable snatches of melody that will haunt her for days. She waits, but tonight there’s nothing.
Mrs Barrow sinks into the chair opposite Sherlock’s, her hands clutched in front of her and shaking. “She was going to leave. I couldn’t let her leave.” She looks at Joanna beseechingly. “He just wants to
Sherlock grins. “Homemade, then. Excellent.” He leans over her shoulder as she washes her hands, speaking close in her ear. “Without onions, if you don’t mind. I find them gastronomically distracting.” He gives her shoulder a pat. “There’s a good girl.”
“A simple precaution,” Mycroft says, tapping one finger against the book’s spine. “Metaphysically-imbued items can become quite…” He pauses, rather dramatically. “
,” she says, and hears the sound of waves. Of wind over water. The black branches of the dead birch rattle against the window glass.
The pounding ache in her head has returned. “Jesus,” she says, almost laughing. “I really don’t want to know how you think you know that.”
He rolls his eyes and sits beside her on the bed, the violin balanced carefully in his lap. He fidgets for a minute in silence, running his fingers almost soundlessly over the strings. Then he says, “I could play something lovely, if you – if that’s what you want. I mean. Not
“It’s a place to start, anyway,” Joanna says to the empty kitchen. The dead starling stares up at her with eyes as bright as glass.
Moriarty laughs quietly, into her ear. “Oh, I would. But the curtain’s up, Jo, and we’ve such a show planned for him. It’s time for your entrance.” The sniper at the end of the corridor moves closer, an unsubtle, unnecessary threat; Joanna opens the door and steps through.
Now’s the time to ignore the nonsensical, messed up problems he has made for himself in favour of the actual problems that are actually happening around him. And that involves giving Sherlock a smile and a nod and squeezing his hand without thinking too hard about anything other than what John might do to make Sherlock feel comfortable and reassured. Everything else must wait.
John sighs deeply and sags against a streetlamp. What do ordinary people give their partners for Christmas anyway? Well, all of the above: books, clothes, food, museum visits, romantic holiday getaways.
Sherlock cocks his head thoughtfully, observing John, seeing all that there is to see. For once, John doesn’t make even the feeblest of attempts to hide anything, but just lets Sherlock look his fill. John knows from experience that Sherlock will most likely notice everything he might be trying to hide anyway, so he might as well stop his incessant need for privacy when they’ve already shared saliva so thoroughly that they must have made up for at least six months of the three years they’ve waited.
John represses a sigh. Some nickname he’s got settled with, and from his own wife at that. Perhaps he deserves it.
But Sherlock also longs for John and he hates himself for that too. He longs for his smile, his daring, his humour. He longs for the way John doesn’t seem to understand him, yet still manages to get just about everything right every time without Sherlock having to speak a word. He longs for the way John makes everything seem as though it’s alright, encouraging Sherlock to become someone he’s never been, to evolve, to push forward and chart new territory, to be the best version of himself, yet doesn’t berate him when he fails to do so. He longs for John’s acceptance.
He sighs. “Well… look, it’s a long story and it wasn’t even all that important. We had a bit of a row… which is perfectly normal by the way, don’t give me that look…” Sherlock isn’t sure what look John is referring to, so he doesn’t know how to change it. When John looks at him pointedly, he raises both eyebrows innocently. It produces another wearied sigh, though Sherlock can’t help but detect a slight twinkle of fond amusement that in turn makes him feel strangely warm and fuzzy all over again.
John decides to just get it over with. Procrastinating like this is just dragging everything out unnecessarily, making this feel ten times more awkward than it has to.
He hears Jim shift. A moment later, he’s leaning in over him from behind the chair. Sherlock opens his eyes and they immediately interlock with Jim’s. Mirror images.
But that can’t be right. His phone shows 5:44 AM, which Sherlock knows for a fact is impossible. He took his dose and entered his mind palace around that time. It’s been several hours since, he isn’t even high anymore. For Christ’s sake, he can see the light intruding into the living room from between the curtains. It must be noon, it simply must be. Maybe even later, judging by the angle at which the light is entering the flat.
“John? Are you alright?” John looks up from Sherlock’s tombstone to focus on Mary. Pretends not to notice his own reluctance. That’s another good thing about Mary. She grounds him. Gives him something else to think about. Makes him focus on the here and now rather than the past. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m fine.” Smiles fondly at him rather than giving him the by now all too familiar you-are-being-so-strong-I’m-so-proud-of-you look that made him quit his last three therapists.
got something to be sorry for after all. If Sherlock hadn’t decided to keep his drug relapse a secret… if he hadn’t decided to keep a stash hidden in his flat… if he hadn’t given in to temptation quite so quickly, but instead had waited for John to arrive as they had agreed… well, then none of this would have happened, would it?
Having made up his mind, John almost changes it again when he enters the living room. Sherlock is already awake, but he’s clearly not as well as he had been yesterday. There are dark circles under each eye and he’s sitting on the floor with his legs drawn up to his chest, staring off into the distance. He doesn’t react at all when John enters and just makes a dismissive sound when John asks if he’d like a cup of tea. John isn’t quite able to decipher if he’s not feeling well or if he’s just deep in thought.
The rest of the afternoon passes, although John isn’t really sure where the hours go, much less how he and Sherlock spend them. All he knows is that by the time hunger begins to present a distraction to their activities, they still haven’t moved from the couch and Sherlock is still in his lap with his long arms slung languidly around John. And despite the damning thoughts that manage to sneak past his filter to his conscious brain every once in a while, John’s left with the impression that he very well could spend every single afternoon in this not-properly-remembered, where-did-the-hours-disappear-off-to manner.
Sherlock considers for a moment, looking almost comically torn between insisting that John stay and giving in to the temptation of spring pea risotto. Then he nods his agreement and, just like that, John gets up and goes to the kitchen to cook dinner as though this is all perfectly normal. Nothing out of the ordinary. Sherlock comes to join him, lifting himself up to perch on one of the counters like he used to in order to observe John while he cooks. It should be annoying, the way he’ll supervise John’s cooking as though he’s judging the quality without once offering to help, but John honestly just finds it kind of endearing. Sherlock has a very childish side to him that John is more enamoured by than he ought to be, and Sherlock’s habit of watching John’s cooking from the comfort of a countertop is a fine example of that.
Of course John – strong, kind, understanding, wonderful John – finds a way to give him the answers without forcing him to ask the questions.
“Well then, Sherlock… Back on the sauce?” His voice isn’t exactly sympathetic, but then again, sympathy ranks very low in Mycroft’s available repertoire and John isn’t exactly in a position to judge, his own anger considered. Sherlock simply glares daggers at his brother and proceeds up the stairs, Mycroft sliding sideways to get out of his way. A smart move, actually. Given the opportunity, John wouldn’t put it past Sherlock to quite literally trample his brother underfoot. But then again, given his own mood, John wouldn't put it past
. It is what it is. It was what it was. And Jim understands that. Almost as though it’s just another nostalgic memory of previous misadventures. Something to be laughed at in much the same way as one may laugh at a particularly embarrassing night out with friends.
“Sherlock, what you are attempting to accomplish cannot be done. And even if it could, are you really stupid enough to try?”
So here we are. After a relatively short chapter last time followed by a long wait, here I am back with a chapter nearly twice as long as usual. You could say this is the climax of act one.
But he doesn’t dare to force John’s hand on this. He doesn’t dare to push him to provide a definitive answer. It’s almost as if, no matter how many times they’ve kissed now and how many times they’ve talked, none of them dare to say anything definite. None of them dare to put a word on this. That would mean making it real. Making it a tangible thing, something to be counted on, rather than the immaterial dream they both seem to be clinging to. It’s for insurance. If it should suddenly disappear, an immaterial dream is easier to recover from than something that had a name, something that
Only Sherlock doesn’t know how to. It’s a change that has been too gradual, too subconscious, too internal to be undone just by the flick of a switch somewhere. Sherlock was a fool for thinking that something as simple as opening a door somewhere in the vast expanse of his mind palace would be enough to undo years of internal rearrangement.
The hours pass or maybe they don’t. Sherlock can’t tell anymore, not when every minute seems to drag on for an eternity. He waits. He doesn’t know what he’s waiting for. No one is going to come for him, are they? No one is going to open the door and let him out. Things are never that easy. And yet still he waits. There’s precious little to do but that.
Sherlock saw this coming. Right from the first day, he knew that John made him feel things. Right from the first day, he knew that John brought emotions to the surface that Sherlock had spent ages locking away. Like a mental illness making a comeback after years and years of dormancy. A pendulum swinging back. And he knew that it was going to end badly unless he put an end to it. Knew he would have to fight to avoid those floodgates bursting wide open and spilling his emotions out. Knew that John would push him towards that. And yet he has done nothing to stop it. Now it’s all happening exactly as he predicted it would and he has allowed it to come to this. He has let it go on for the sake of just another warm fuzzy feeling in the pit of his stomach when John smiles at him. He has ignored the warning signs. He has clung on to a fool’s hope that somehow it might all work out in the end, that somehow John might be a magician capable of making Sherlock’s logic and emotion compatible. All based on a far too brief period of 18 months when it seemed as though he and John could do anything together. When he could go on cases with John and make his deductions, not just despite John’s presence, but
“No. It’s not something I know. And it’s not something I always believe. Sometimes he does things that I… I can’t explain. And I can’t excuse. Sometimes he does things that he knows are wrong just to make himself look good. I don’t know how that fits into what I’ve just said. The truth is, I don’t know who he is deep down. I don’t always understand him and when I’m able to predict how he’s going to act in a certain situation… well, that’s a day for the history books to be sure. But I believe in him anyway.”
John doesn’t look fully convinced, as though he isn’t quite certain what Sherlock is trying to say. Understandable, really, given the horrendously imprecise, halting way Sherlock is trying to explain it. It’s as he said: it’s not explainable. What he and Jim have cannot be properly explained, because it cannot be fully understood by anyone other than the two of them and they understand it without words. That’s what it’s always been like between them, a glance and a flash of recognition resulting in an immediate understanding existing far beyond words. Trying to formulate that… Sherlock isn’t sure he can manage and he certainly isn’t making a very good job of it.
Rosie is looking at him expectantly, waiting patiently as so often before for Sherlock to ask her a question that makes any sense to her.
he ever felt this cold before. Perhaps with the exception of that one time when he was six and he went through the ice and into a lake because he needed to know exactly how much weight the ice could carry, which turned out to be just short of the weight of a six year old jumping on it. He was soaked to the skin in an instant and caught a cold on the way home that lasted the better part of a month. Maybe that’s the last time Sherlock felt cold like this. Cold to the core of his bones. The lump of ice stuck in his chest isn’t all that different from a cold either with the way it seems to press against his lungs, turning his breaths short and rasping.
That night, Sherlock doesn’t sleep. Not for a minute. He’s trying to concentrate, but he can barely hear his own thoughts for that persistent creaking in his head. In hindsight, he probably should have handled the situation better. Been less impulsive, less intrusive, less dramatic, less cocksure. John always resented him being cocksure and Sherlock senses that this evening didn’t go a long way towards changing that. Sherlock knows himself to be bad at analysing a mood and John used to tell him repeatedly that he doesn’t pay enough attention to the effects of his own comments. Still, Sherlock feels confident that this evening’s disaster ranges among those of a certain calibre. Which is about the only thing he feels confident about at the moment.
Sarcasm, on the other hand, is something they both excel at and Sherlock finds himself falling back into that role straight away. A coping mechanism in and of itself.
Sherlock looks down at his hands. Flexes his fingers as far back as they will comfortably go and then some.
“Your exhausting safety precautions and tireless devotion to societally sanctioned yet logically irrelevant behavioural patterns?”
John gave Sherlock his chance. Hell, he gave him many chances. Placed him front and centre for months. No matter how many times Sherlock'd disappointed him, no matter how many times he’d given John pause with his actions, forced John to reconsider who he was, he'd still been front and centre. John had forgiven him each and every time. In his naivety, he’d thought that nothing could tear them apart. And it should have been true. If Sherlock had just stayed, he’d be front and centre even now and all of this… all of this would still be their life. John had promised as much. That last night in the flat when they’d waited for the police, John had told him that he believed in him. Then and always. And at that time, it had been the truth. But Sherlock had made his own choices and that final choice had been one too many for John to forgive. Sherlock has used up every chance John gave him. He’s burned every bridge John constructed for him.
Sherlock is startled out of his reverie by Jim’s hand on his thigh. “We’re here, sweet thing,” he explains. Sherlock hadn’t realised he was drifting, letting the London landscape pass before his eyes without taking in any information on landmarks or directions. Still, as Jim gestures imploringly out through the car window towards an industrial factory on the riverbank, their current location is not a very difficult deduction for Sherlock to make.
So, in the end, what was the point of it all? Apart from proving that everything Sherlock has ever believed about sentiment is true?
John would be disappointed, yes, but does that really matter? John isn’t here right now. If he cared, he would be here. But he’s not. He’s with Mary. That’s the way it’s going to be from now on. Sherlock might as well get used to that and accept it. That time when John could make him feel the sun on both sides one minute only to douse him in ice water the next. That time when John could make him feel happier and sadder than he ever had before, could make him feel everything more intensely than he ever had before. That time when John causing emotions to swell inside of him had been a novel and intriguing adventure. Sherlock can never have that back. Now there’s only the occasional small ray of sunshine left amid buckets and buckets of ice water. He’s no longer on an emotional roller coaster ride, the cart has stopped right after a dip and he’s left with his heart in his throat and no hope of movement either backwards or forwards.
She takes his hand as soon as they leave Sherlock’s room and gives it a light squeeze. “I’m glad he’s better. For your sake as much as his.”
A muscle twitches along Sherlock’s jaw as he grits his teeth and suddenly the words come pouring out. “I wanted to be just the brain, John! All these emotions, I don’t want them anymore! What good are they for? They’ve done me nothing but harm and they distract me from doing something I’m actually able to derive just a modicum of pleasure from! So I wanted rid of them!”
There’s a pregnant pause. Jim’s smile of understanding curls in on itself, giving way to a serious expression that would look comically out of place if it wasn’t so sincere.
In short, he is the kindest and bravest and wisest human being that Sherlock has ever known, and just because he finds it difficult to say doesn’t make it any less true.
John’s doctor voice kicks in, but he barely notices. He does, however, vaguely register that he’s asking questions too quickly for Sherlock to answer any of them.
John would like to imagine that it feels transcendent, but he knows that Sherlock would immediately berate him for romanticising it if he knew. It doesn’t feel transcendent. It feels as though he’s finally getting to put his prick where he’s wanted that prick to go for three long years, and that’s not a very transcendent feeling, but he’ll be damned if it doesn’t feel pretty fucking amazing all the same. And straight or non-straight (which anyway seems to be a pretty moot point now), it feels a lot better than even John’s most forbidden fantasies had been suggesting.
Why shouldn’t he make it stop? John isn’t here anyway, so what’s the point? What’s the point in sitting here, feeling guilty and hurt and pitiful all on his own, when he could easily make it all go away?
On the fifth day after Sherlock’s return from hospital, they’ve finally managed to run out of family, friends and
Mary is actually rendered speechless for a second. She doesn’t seem to be able to think of an acceptable response.
An annoying beeping sound as Mycroft ends the call. Once again, Sherlock can’t help but picture that 12 year old sending him back out to his bullies with
Sherlock looks at John honestly and John holds his gaze. He looks pained, but there’s a certain almost wondrous bafflement in his eyes too. He seems confused.
So many lies. Suddenly, he sees it. All of his existence, it’s just one lie on top of another. The lies he’s told himself, told Sherlock, told Mary, told everyone around them. The lies he’s told his friends from his army days, the lies he’s told his parents and his classmates. All of his existence, all of his identity, all of his thoughts and feelings, all of it repressed and lied about, hidden away because he’s ashamed of who he is and what he feels. He can see it all, a mountain of lies and half-truths and hidden truths and deceit, towering above him yet built on unsteady ground. And as he’s looking at it, he just can’t bring himself to add one more lie. One more half-truth, one more decision explained away rather than just plainly explained.
Sherlock, thankfully, doesn’t seem to have noticed. He’s still chronically tired, sleeps ten to twelve hours a day and seems to be daydreaming for a good five hours or so besides. But he’s definitely getting better. He’s started talking again, although he's not quite back to speaking at his usual breakneck speed yet. He doesn’t slur anymore apart from when he’s already halfway to bed with one eye closed and brain function at less than 20%. His usual subjects of conversation have returned if his long monologues on acid stains and wristwatch brands are anything to go by, and his characteristic condescending wit and ruthless sarcasm have returned along with them.
“I’ve been warning you for ages, sweetheart, I really have. The Brother’s Grimm, the breadcrumbs, the witch’s house, Hansel and Gretel, the burnt gingerbread man, Sir-Boast-a-Lot, all of it. I tried to tell you. To let you know the name of the game. But would you listen? Now, finally, a bit of response from you.”
John deserves better. Sherlock tried to give him better by sending him away. And it worked. And now John isn’t coming back. He’s spending time with his new wife in his new home without feeling forced to sit by and play doctor to his unforgivably weak excuse of a friend.
As always, thank you so much for reading. Please leave kudos and/or comments if you wish, it's so wonderful to know that you enjoy Icebergs.
door in the deepest, darkest corner of his mind palace, it wasn’t merely to escape the incessant noise of a hundred voices in his head telling him how to feel! It was to not feel at all, to stop being this pathetic, stupid, emotional version of himself! He used to be Sherlock Holmes, the clever detective in the funny hat. Now he’s just the funny hat: stupid, useless, conceited, illogically constructed, an embarrassment to anything and everything in its surroundings.
Does Mycroft truly believe he would subject himself to such a risk if the reward was a leg up over the police and some faster deductions?
It’s the lack of malice that's throwing Sherlock off. There is none of that usual coldness to Moriarty now, not to his eyes, not to his smile, not to his voice. Maybe there’s even a hint of warmth. The sort of warmth that comes from the Sun on a cloudy day: it’s not there, but it’s not
Doused in ice water sounds like about the right description. Still… it’s warmer than his tea, which he swiftly discovers upon lifting the cup to take a sip.
“And leave you here completely unsupervised? To continue your mission of self-destruction, I take it?”
true. The one person Sherlock cares about, trusts, knows is John Watson and yet it would not be entirely amiss to think of Jim Moriarty as well.
If Sherlock held his breath involuntarily a moment ago in fear of rejection, now his breath hitches just as involuntarily, but for another reason entirely. Every nerve in his body seems to light up simultaneously. A warm, glowing feeling settles in him, quite distinct from the physical warmth generated by John’s body in such close proximity to his own, if not completely independent of it. Sherlock finds it an all but impossible task to locate as much as a cell in him willing to object, even if some part of him is still there to remind him that he ought to. He drowns that voice out with as much force as he’s able to muster.
But shouting will get him nowhere. Sherlock is a stubborn prick at the best of times. If John demands to be let in on Sherlock’s secrets, he can be sure to be met with a wall of silent resistance. Sherlock’s hand can’t be forced on personal matters, that much John has learned. He can’t pry him open, no matter how much he might wish to do so. He’ll have to let Sherlock take the lead here or this is doomed to fail as so many other conversations they’ve left unfinished.
In the end, John decides on putting the kettle on and making himself a cup of tea, which he justifies through a similar process of comparison, arguing to himself that there’d be nothing weird in making himself a cuppa at Lestrade’s either.
Chapter 17. This is, again, a bit of a transitory chapter. As I've mentioned before, chapter 15 more or less marked the end of the first part of this story, so please bear with me for a couple of slower chapters as we move into the second part.
As he hears her footsteps on the stairs, John is struck by the internal contradiction of feeling as though half of his heart has been ripped out of his chest and the other half is soaring to the heavens, relieved of a heavy stone he hadn’t known he’d been carrying.
Sherlock is irate. He’s spent the last many days training himself to ignore his feelings, but now they’re all descending on him simultaneously and it’s more than he’s able to push away. Anger, shock, fear, concern, panic, guilt, regret, shame, love, desire. He’s feeling everything all at once and he isn’t sure which emotion he should be focusing on.
It’s not the nicest way to turn her down. John feels bad about it even as he’s doing it. But it’s what he can manage at the moment. He’s in no mood for a lengthy discussion, and he won’t allow himself to be swayed. He had quite enough of that yesterday. Now, today, he needs to stand firm.
Thoughts are such tricky things, aren’t they? They seem so fleeting and harmless that you’re fooled into thinking that only voicing them can make problems out of them. John knows how erroneous that assumption is. He’s learned that the hard way. It’s as if not one of the thoughts in his head now ever was or will be unproblematic. Fleeting much less. Those same thoughts have been with him for two whole years now, trapped inside his head and remaining unspoken. Long-time companions of his. More long-time than the woman he plans to propose to. There’s a certain irony in that now that he thinks about it.
After briefly assessing the situation, he ends up more or less lifting Sherlock from the floor, helping him balance and supporting him as best he can. Sherlock leans heavily against him all the way to his bedroom, where John helps him to lay down and tucks the duvet in around him.
Gradually, the heat of emotion gives way to a frenzied desire. It starts at the tips of Sherlock’s fingers where they run through John’s hair and make contact with the skin at the back of his neck. Spreads from those initial points of contact up his arms where it makes the hairs stand on end. Continues towards his chest, and lower. From what he can sense with their bodies partially pressed together, the feeling is far from one-sided. That revelation only makes the electrical wiring in his nerves flare up brighter.
Well... better make that two elephants with the way the creaking in his head, already enough to cause a near constant headache, has increased to a persistent thrum on par with any migraine Sherlock has experienced before. When looking for parallels, withdrawal comes to mind.
John fights to rein his temper back in. After a few seconds, he manages to unlock his jaw and gentle his expression, at least enough for Sherlock to continue.
“I tried to… I thought… There are parts of my brain that… deal with different things. Everything takes up brainpower. It’s like I’ve always said, I work by eliminating all distractions, that’s how I focus during a case. And I thought…”
I’d already taken care of Rosie for months. And so what? Do you think I’ve achieved any of the goals I aspired to when I was five? You live and you learn. I didn’t have enough data on the subjects of relationships and parenthood to develop an informed opinion before you and Rosie. Now I do. And my informed opinion is that this is the life I want. I’m… happy. For lack of a better word. Not all day, of course, and not every day. But I’ve chosen this for myself. Don’t you dare imagine that you’ve pushed something down over my head that I’ve not agreed to. I’ve chosen this. I don’t regret it and I don’t think I ever will. Not for one second.”
Sherlock’s phantom body pulls away, shrinks back into the sofa cushions and curls in on itself there. A tightly contained supernova.
“Well, that’s married life for you. So many things to do. You know, I had friend, maybe I’ve already told you, we were going to be best friends forever, but after my wedding, I hardly…”
Sherlock hesitates, long enough for John to guess at the answer. “I have people in there too, yes. Replicas. I… under normal circumstances, I use them to run experiments. What happens if I do this or that? Could that blood splatter pattern I saw at the crime scene be coursed by this factor? Can I understand what happened by replicating the events in my Mind Palace and look at the results?”
, for Christ’s sake. They had a deal. And John might have been a bit later than he originally intended (a thought that immediately causes renewed waves of guilt to course through him which he resolutely pushes to the side for later re-examination), but
Sherlock lets his breath out through his nose, a sound midway between a scoff and a sigh. He seems to debate with himself whether to speak at all.
It’s just difficult to remember that now. Because what he wants is what he can’t have, and he no longer wants it in a repressed, nearly subconscious manner. He now wants it consciously and actively. And he knows that Sherlock wants it too and that just makes it all the harder to resist. In truth, John is lonely too… Not on his own like Sherlock, but being lonely in a crowd can be just as horrifying as being alone. Perhaps what they’re experiencing is actually much the same thing, only in different disguises, and knowing that there might be a potential cure within his reach that he’s not allowed to extend his hand to is almost tantamount to torture.
“I got the shopping. Thought we were out of milk, so I bought two. Turns out we already had one and a half…” He pauses briefly to look Sherlock over. Sherlock can see him take it all in: his near-foetal posture, his dishevelled hair, the fact that he’s still in his pyjamas and dressing gown despite it nearing two o’clock. What a sight he must be.
After more than a week of hectic last-minute Christmas shopping, sending off presents left and right, preparing for Christmas dinner and decorating 221B from top to bottom (well, not exactly from top to bottom, more like around all the fire hazards that Sherlock refuses to get rid of), with a couple of hours left until the 25th, Rosie is now asleep in her room upstairs and Mrs. Hudson is safely returned to 221A. It really is surprisingly quiet. No carollers at the door, no loud sounds emanating from obnoxious celebrations at the local pub, not even cars on the street. London has gone into pre-Christmas hibernation.
. The words slowly travel from Sherlock’s ears to his Wernicke’s area where it takes him an alarming two seconds to interpret them.
John scoffs in indignation. “We can’t all be the world’s only consulting detective. What did you think I would understand from
“Yeah,” he finally gets out. “Yeah, quite a long while. I don’t… know how long exactly. Maybe… maybe…”
“I see. I respect that, John. But I’m not going to pretend that I’m ignorant of what’s really going on or of what’s actually at stake here. So I’m just going to be as honest as I possibly can with you in the hope that you’ll be equally honest with me in return.”
He honestly can’t tell why he chooses to stay clean anymore besides the fact that John wants him to. He honestly can’t tell if any other reason is required.
This is chapter/part four, based on the prompt "Sentiment"! Once again, thank you to missdaviswrites on Tumblr for the challenge and the prompts!
Sherlock has experimented in his youth same as mostly everyone else, but it was always stifling and uncomfortable and awkward, all clumsy kisses and bad pick-up lines and hands wandering towards his crotch far too quickly. Their breath was always bad, or at the very least bore clear traces of copious amounts of alcohol. They were always a bit too bawdy and intimate or they were sweaty and smelly or so mind-numbingly unintelligent that Sherlock thought he was losing brain cells just being near them. The physical aspect hadn’t appealed much either, not even with the few men he’d actually found physically attractive. Most people had simply left him feeling completely disinterested and unaroused, the more attractive had left him feeling self-conscious about his tall, slender appearance and stressed out about his lack of social skill. He’d once made up his mind to lose his virginity in the name of science just to ascertain whether there was some objective, transcendental experience during the act which could account for its near-universal appeal. He’d ended up backtracking at the last minute, which had earned him a sluggish shove and an ill-balanced attempt at a punch from his would-be guinea pig, who accused him of being a tease and of flirting under false pretences. After that, Sherlock had written the whole thing off as just another peculiar occupation of
Sherlock is on the couch, fingers steepled in front of his lips and eyes closed. He’s searching. Searching for the hatch, the backdoor, the shortcut into his mind palace. He’s never searched with a fervour such as this. He pictures himself upending one box of handy reminders after the other, pacing back and forth in his living room, one moment here, one moment there, up and down and round and round… but it’s just in his mind’s eye. It doesn’t feel as it usually does. He isn’t
his chair and that he’s just as much a guest here as she is. An unpleasant feeling briefly twists to life in the pit of John’s stomach and he crushes it forcefully.
But if he was to start on that, to actually look at it and examine it and do something about it… It feels as though he’s standing on the ground looking up at an impossibly high mountain top and having to climb it with his bare hands. And he just can’t. Especially not now.
This is Sherlock rebooting his system after an unexpected announcement of emotional significance. There’s something strangely flattering about that. John has the ability to turn Sherlock’s brain off, however momentarily. Not a lot of people have that ability. John feels disproportionately proud of the achievement.
He isn’t quite shouting, but it’s close, and it takes Sherlock completely by surprise. He must have hit a nerve somehow, although he isn’t sure which one or how. He finds himself recoiling slightly from John’s outburst, still far from his usual self and unable to respond to the accusation with the same degree of bravado and self-confidence as he used to.
it’s been forever since Sherlock has felt this light. They turn off and head down Cannon Street before Bank of England is even in sight. Instead, they walk towards Monument and get chips from a food wagon on the street. Then they waltz down the street arm in arm, Sherlock carrying the paper tray for the chips which is quickly getting soaked in outrageous amounts of fat and salt.
“No, it’s… it’s not just for cases. It started that way, years ago, but nowadays, I… use it to think about other things too. More… personal things. And before you ask, yes, I have replicated the actions of people I know before. Often, in fact. I anticipate the responses of people I know well to scenarios I devise. It’s very… helpful.”
“But why, Sherlock? What do you honestly think I care about the most? Hm? An afternoon with Mary or your health and safety?"
Meanwhile, in Sherlock's Mind Palace, Sherlock finally reflects on why he's attempting to find a way to suppress his emotions in favour of his brain. In the last chapter, Mind Palace!Mycroft (i.e. Sherlock's logic) tried to dissuade him from attempting this, but failed to understand why he wanted it. Mycroft/Sherlock's logic, only able to process things from a logical perspective, thought that Sherlock wants to suppress his emotions because he wants to enhance his brain power and accused him of recklessly risking everything. Sherlock knows the risks involved and isn't doing it just to be cleverer. He's doing it because he can't stand to feel lonely anymore. When he was with John, John gave him a sense of completeness that he'd never experienced before. Now that John is gone, the loneliness is infinitely worse for Sherlock and he can't live with it anymore. That's why he's doing this.
John used to think of his life as before and after the army. When he had been invalided out of the army, he’d thought that he was done maturing, that the army was the life experience that had made him come fully into himself once and for all. Captain John Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers was more John Watson than he had ever been before that time. Being invalided out had felt like being cut off from who he was and who he was meant to be. It had felt like losing himself. Replacing the real John Watson with a half-empty shell of him, limping, unemployed, poor and lonely, with no one to talk to other than a therapist convinced that he suffered from PTSD.
Sherlock doesn’t stop to dwell on whatever emotion surfaces in his chest at that reminder. He doesn’t allow himself to do so. He never has. Some things are just better locked away where they can’t do any harm. Redbeard is one such thing and Sherlock acts almost instinctively at the mention, closing off the emotional onslaught as much as he’s able. Minimising the damage.
He turns to Mary. She looks different too. The easy-going, pleasant, almost jovial expression is gone from her face. Her jaw is now set, pulled up tight, and her lips are pressed together. She doesn’t look unkind, not exactly, but there’s no doubt that the friendly air of the afternoon has shifted and she’s ready to get down to business. Almost as though Sherlock was a child who needed to be put to bed before the adults could talk.
puts a damper on John’s anger to the point that he almost doesn’t feel insulted. He can still hear himself shouting though.
John is the first to break the silence. “So… you want to tell me why exactly you’ve decided to kill yourself?”
Sherlock throws on his most endearing expression, all big-eyed innocence and pushed out lower lip. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
If Mary is his new cane then so be it. Maybe it’s for the best, really. He honestly doesn’t know whether Sherlock brought more joy or more pain into his life. If Mary can be his stable support, maybe that’s good enough. He can live with less joy and excitement and passion in his life if it means living with less pain too. An equilibrium between joy and pain with smaller values is preferable to the violent transition from the highest high to the lowest low that Sherlock put him through. Or so he tells himself. Just as he tells himself not to compare them.
John takes Sherlock’s gasp into his mouth, a hot gush of air passing from one to the other, and it suddenly strikes Sherlock than none of the kisses he’s begrudgingly had to bear witness to between John and his various girlfriends had looked as passionate or as desperate as what John is sharing with him now. He moves his hips experimentally against John’s, feels his movement immediately reciprocated in kind and then some. John practically grinds up against him.
“Sherlock?” John makes sure to keep his voice easily audible without being too loud, his tone soft and reassuring. Sherlock clearly hears him, his still-roaming gaze locking onto John with as much certainty as it seems he can manage. There’s a flash of recognition in his eyes.
And there it is. The second kiss that Sherlock has been seeking from the moment the first one ended. Sherlock has been kissed before, of course he has. He would never have suspected himself of actually coming to enjoy it though. But this… this is far more intimate, far more alluring, far more satisfying than anything Sherlock has experienced previously. Regardless of what is actually physically happening at the point where they join together – which really is pretty standard as far as Sherlock is aware based on his admittedly limited experience and, adding to that, severely restricted by the somewhat awkward angle as Jim leans in over him from behind – it’s what’s happening in Sherlock’s brain that merits further notice.
Sherlock puts the phone back on the table and gathers his hands in front of him. Not completely unexpected. John cancels their appointments more often than he used to, doesn’t he? A part of Sherlock chips in with the unwelcome contribution that that’s only to be expected when two people stop living together, even more so when one of them makes the decision to get engaged. Sherlock hurries to strangle that thought before it has time to develop properly.
. Yes, perhaps there is still a part of John that would like to be married. He has a daughter, he’s raising her with a partner, he should marry said partner, it’s what people
“You can. That we’re even here at all is all the proof you need. You can, Sherlock. It’s the last thing you’ll have to do, the last thing I’ll ask of you. Just one little push… and off you pop.”
Turning his back on Jim is turning his back on the part of himself that wishes for his own happiness and embracing the part of himself that is willing to face his own destruction for someone who will never know and doesn’t seem to care.
He’s rewarded with a smile. Once again, their faces are so close to one another’s that the only change visible to Sherlock is a slight lift of the cheeks and a twinkle in the eyes. There’s warmth in his chest.
, that it can’t be right. Sherlock can feel something clicking into place in his mind, a deduction he desperately doesn’t want to make. He rushes to the window, ripping the curtains apart, and there is old familiar Baker Street, everything in its place, people and cars passing by as always. And yet. The window doesn’t open either, no matter how much force he puts into pushing it. He bangs his hands against it, frantically hammering his fists into the glass while shouting at the top of lungs, and no one seems to hear a thing. People just keep on walking.
A shudder runs down John’s back at the thought of just what Sherlock could screw up if he wanted to. What he could say. What he could do.
“Nope,” Joanna tells the roots, side-stepping them with a sort of deft, drunken grace. “Going home now. Never coming back. See you in hell.”
His hand darts out blindly and grips her forearm. Joanna jumps, startled, but when he speaks his voice is perfectly normal. “Unlikely. Twice in one night would be excessive, Joanna, even for you.” He opens his eyes. “The fire escape, I think. Mrs. Hudson’s herbal soothers are surprisingly potent; we’d wake half the street before our voices penetrated the haze.”
He leans close over the table, his fingers steepled in front of him. “The adrenaline high you’re riding now will dissipate in approximately fifteen minutes. The crash will hit you particularly hard, given how little you’ve slept in the past few weeks and the frankly outrageous amount of food you’ve just eaten. You’ll come back to the flat and sleep on the bare mattress in the upstairs room for no less than five hours, more likely six or seven. When you come downstairs in the late morning I’ll be in the midst of my current experiment, and though you aren’t easily put off by such things you will begin to question the wisdom of sharing digs with a man who makes a habit of scrambling human eyes on his stovetop. You’ll move in anyway, though, because you feel at once indebted to me and personally responsible for my well being – irrational, but a typical enough reaction in someone of your pedantically moral bent. Over time, however, this sense of obligation will erode under the strain of my selfish, eccentric, and increasingly antagonistic demands on your patience and time, and once you’ve found some outside source of stability – either in the form of steady employment or a romantic relationship – you will leave Baker Street for good.” He sits back in his chair and gives her a close-lipped, self-satisfied smile. “It shouldn’t take more than two months. Three, if you’re feeling unusually stubborn.”
“Drink the water. I’ll be back in a minute.” Joanna doesn’t wait to see if she’ll obey; she slips out the bedroom door and onto the landing above the stairs. The floorboards are cold beneath her bare feet.
There’s nothing particularly desperate or dangerous about the Madame’s empty sitting room. Heavy drapes hang over the windows, shutting out the last of the evening sun. The carpet is thick and wine-red, and it muffles the sound of Joanna’s footsteps as she walks to the small, round table in the middle of the room. The tablecloth is black, embroidered with your typical grab bag of magical signs and symbols – pentagrams and crescent moons, ankhs and runes and the occasional Ouroboros – and at its centre sits a crystal ball in an ornate silver stand.
“Oh, neither,” he says, his voice thick with sarcasm. “I’m here purely for the pleasure of your company.” He leans forward, his elbows resting on his knees. The bruising around his throat looks worse in the daylight. “You haven’t slept. You’ll be useless today if I need you.”
“Two of your fingers are dislocated,” she tells the man, leaning forward a bit to catch his eye. “If you don’t see a doctor soon, there might be permanent damage.”
Joanna rubs her hand over her eyes. “That wasn’t – I don’t do that sort of thing anymore, Harry. I haven’t for a long time.” She looks up. “And don’t call it
Sherlock meets her eyes evenly. “Yes,” he says. “So was I.” He turns and leaves the kitchen. A moment later, she hears the click as he opens his violin case.
The last root rips free and they stumble together out of the hollow, landing sprawled on the kitchen floor with a grunt. Joanna pushes him away and rolls onto her stomach, bracing herself on the broken tile. She gags hard – once, twice, three times – and then thick black sand spills from her open mouth onto the floor.
Sherlock says; Joanna can remember his sneer, the arc of the violin bow as he snapped it through the air.
He reaches down and picks up the book. It’s smaller than the others, blue and bound in cloth. If there is a title printed on the cover, she cannot read it.
He frowns, and the lines around his mouth and eyes deepen. “I thought the years might have softened her. I was a fool.” He reaches into the inside breast pocket of his coat and takes out a crisp white envelope. “Give her this. I’ll wait for her reply.”
The widow promised this easily, without hesitation. She took the yellow-bristled brush and walked back through the grove of white trees to the rich man’s grave. The stone stood tall over the fresh-turned earth, and the widow knelt before it with the yellow-bristled brush and scrubbed the dirt and the grit from its coarse face. She scrubbed until her knees ached and her back grew stiff, but she did not stop. She scrubbed until night fell and her old eyes went blind in the dark, but she did not stop. She scrubbed until her fingernails cracked and her knuckles bled, but she did not stop.
Only half a name. It never would have worked, not even with the blood, and Seostris knew it. She knew it wasn’t enough, and still she hung little bags of cloth and ash like lamps in the windows, to keep away the dark. To buy her the time she needed.
“Why the kitchen table?” Sherlock asks suddenly. “Why not just a record book? A framed bit of paper?”
The strange angles of his face are turned ghoulish by the harsh light of the lamps; for a moment Joanna thinks she must see what Donovan does when she looks at him – the psychopath, the alien. The freak.
Just below the highest eave of the house is a small window, round and fixed with red and yellow-stained glass. It’s blacked out on the other side, she knows, keeping the room cool and dark, but even so she finds she can almost picture the colour and shape of the sunlight as it streams across the attic floor. As it catches the silvered glass of the mirror.
“Is the future not a weapon? A mirror that shows us our own deaths – Agamede was the greatest witch of the ancient world, and she did not create it to be kind.” Moran stares down at her, his pale eyes strangely bright in the gloom. “Are you going to kill me, Joanna?”
Other portraits line the wall – men and women with Sherlock’s eyes and Mycroft’s cold smile, standing and sitting alone and together with the house always behind them, changing little through the centuries. Joanna follows them down the length of the room until she reaches the library door.
She’s known Sherlock Holmes for little more than twenty-four hours when she kills for him the first time.
“Joanna, can you hear me? Oh, I should have known – you’re as bad as he is, and don’t you dare bloody deny it. You might have
Sherlock stands beside her and watches the fire, his face unreadable, half in shadow. Joanna tightens her grip and leads him away.
Only then did the widow begin to weep. She cried tears of pain and grief and fear, and where her tears fell upon the tall stone, its gleaming surface turned as dark as ink. When the stone was black with weeping, Death came and stood at the foot of the rich man’s grave.
Sherlock had slammed out the door minutes later in a great sulk, and Joanna hasn’t seen him since. That was three hours ago.
Joanna stands alone on the staircase, listening to the silence. After a moment she descends the last steps and follows the lamplight into the long gallery.
He stills, a subtle tension in his back and shoulders that disappears a moment later. “Of course I did it on purpose,” he says. “I used a hammer.” He turns in his chair and fixes her with cool, unreadable eyes. “I don’t want you here. Not while I’m awake, and not while I’m dreaming. I don’t know how to make that any clearer.”
Adrienne closes the box. “Everyone does, when you know what you’re looking for.” She turns to Mycroft. “This device was active during at least one of our recent visits to Baker Street. Moran knows I’m working for you, and he knows Doctor Watson is unable to defend your brother or herself.”
Harry gives her a bright smile. “Which is why you should move into Gran’s until you get back on your feet.” She glances at the cane, and her smile dims. “So to speak.”
“Madame Viola Seostris,” she hears Lestrade say from a room down the hall. “Aged 57. Legal name was Eileen Farmer. Client found her this morning – the door was unlocked.”
as was expected; she was not the sort to waste time with pointless courtesies. “We have no gold, but if you seek shelter, you are welcome to share this roof until morning.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Gran says. She shifts in her lawn chair, the seat creaking beneath her. “I’m as dead as I’ve ever been. You don’t need to be a bloody detective to see that.” She lifts her cane and points it at the patch of weeds Joanna’s pulling up. “You’ve missed one.”
“I doubt that,” Joanna says. “If they work with Anderson, they must have strong stomachs.” She crosses under the tape. “Thank you, Sergeant.” She holds Donovan’s gaze and lets her eyes say the rest:
The girl did not hesitate. “I want your book of secrets,” she said, “so that neither I nor any person I love ever need fear you again.”
Adrienne almost smiles, her eyes still fixed on her computer screen. “You don’t have an appointment.”
After school the next day she climbs right up to the attic, sits down in front of the mirror and waits.
, she wants to say, but of course she almost did. She folds her arms across her stomach. “All magic requires sacrifice, of one kind or another. Unlike Moran, I prefer to risk my own life.”
On the twelfth night she offered the scythe, and it shook her in her hands for the first time. “If you are to leave me,” she said, “I shall need neither blade nor shaft.” Death’s scythe slipped into the dark water; her love still did not reply.
With anger comes clarity, a pulse-slowing stillness that silences the screaming muscles of her leg. Joanna smiles. “I agree completely,” she says, and twists her finger into the thrice knotted piece of string in her trouser pocket. The rug beneath them ripples like a wave in water, and with a sudden, sinuous snap of hand-woven wool Joanna knocks the other woman off her feet and into the nearest chair. Adrienne lands hard, gripping the armrests with both hands, and the brief flash of genuine surprise on her face is just as satisfying as Joanna hoped it would be.
Lestrade tucks his notepad into his coat pocket. “You have to admit, Sherlock, the body does look as if it’s been deliberately arranged.”
He sits in the chair beside the bed, the blue book from the library in his hands. His skin is waxen and grey with exhaustion, his long face made unfamiliar by the shadow of his unshaven beard. He opens the book with a soft crack of the spine, wets his lips, and begins to read.
“I did, actually. Though we never liked each other much.” Moran folds himself into the chair across the table. “He killed your mother, you know.”
“I am not a child anymore,” the witch Agamede said, and looked down at her reflection in the pool’s still water.
Joanna recoils, her eyes wide and sightless and stinging with dust. She thinks she must have died on the desert road to Kandahar, must have died and been sealed inside the oak still bleeding. The bullet still in her shoulder and the pain still spreading, burning the hardened bark from her neck and chest and stomach and exposing the fragile worm-white skin beneath. She doesn’t remember how to breathe.
“I don’t know what’s more infuriating,” Harry says to the wall. “How awful you are when you lose your temper, or how quickly you forgive me when I lose mine.”
“She most certainly did.” Gran shifts to the side and walks past her, limping down the garden steps. She inhales, breathing in the fading warmth of the night air and the bittersweet smell of growing herbs. The shadow of the hawthorn tree sways behind her in the dark. “Guidance throughout human history, was it?”
“Fucking hell,” the frizzy-haired tech says. She sits back on her heels, brushes still in her hand. “Gov, you’ll want to see this.”
Helene is her grandmother’s name, though Joanna’s never heard anyone call her by it before. Coming from this man, Joanna isn’t sure she likes it. Her eyes are adjusting to the daylight, and she can see the grey at the stranger’s temples and the deep lines of his face, lines that speak more of pain than of age. “Gran’s meant to be resting today,” Joanna says, “but I’ll let her know you’re here.” She steps back, opening the door further. “You can wait inside, if you like.”
Sherlock’s hands cup her elbows, holding her steady as he guides her away from the roots and towards Harry’s car. The little four-door is parked at an odd angle in the street, one tyre up on the kerb. Harry opens the door to the back seat.
“Hullo, Jo,” Moriarty says, singsong. “I don’t mean to be overly personal, but you’ve got a bit of drool—” He taps his own chin, “just here.”
Her lungs fill with his air, but she does not breathe. He presses their bloody hands together, palm to palm, but her pulse still slows. He’ll feel it stop as she dies.
Fire curls around the fingers of her left hand, rippling over the faded scars of her open palm and singeing the sleeve of her shirt. It moves more like water than flame, really, waves of blue-white heat drawn over skin by the tidal pull of the greater conflagration burning inside. Joanna raises her hand and watches tendrils of fire bloom and wilt and bloom again as they twine about her fingers and thumb. She breathes deep and the flames rise, casting an impossible shadow on the dark wood of the front door.
Joanna looks up from the box and meets her grandmother’s eyes. “You’ve just told me that’s impossible.”
Blood wells red and stinging beneath the needle’s point, and as she pulls it free she turns her wrist and lets the first drops of her blood fall to the waiting earth.
.” He stands a little, bending across the table and pulling at his eyelid. “Look,” he says, “you’ve blinded me with a bud of broccoli.”
“No,” Mrs. Hudson says. “I don’t think you would.” She sinks into her chair, a delicate hand curled over her mouth. When she lowers it, she’s almost smiling. “Well, then,” she says. “I suppose that means it’s time for us to do some magic.”
Adrienne lowers her mobile and meets Joanna’s eyes. “James Moriarty knows that you and your sister are the last surviving descendants of one of the most powerful witches who ever lived. The only reason he hasn’t shut you up in a cellar somewhere and unravelled your intestines inch by inch is his now incorrect assumption that you don’t know anything worth hearing. In that light, it might be wise to spend a little more time planning your next move and a little less speculating about my personal life.” She reaches across the seat and opens the car door with a sharp tug on the handle. “Now if you don’t mind, I’m needed at the office.”
“If you bite me, you won’t get any tea.” She drops the file folder back over his head and retreats to the kitchen. The dishes from yesterday’s dinner are still piled in the sink, and the equipment on the table seems to have spawned an ominous number of new experiments in the night. Her grandmother’s book sits alone on the worktop, open to a recipe for beef broth. Just as she’d left it the night before – hidden in plain sight.
Mycroft lifts a sardonic eyebrow. “There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio,” he says, demonstrating an undoubtedly genetic ability to say the most irritating thing possible in any situation. He turns back to Adrienne. “If the bottles were destroyed before Moran could retrieve the information—”
The third needle pierces wood, sinking deep into the shadow’s chest. Three needles and three long threads of flame and the circuit is complete. The splinters of yew-wood within her light like kindling, gin-soaked and meant to burn, and they feed the fire until it swallows her whole – until her clothes char black and peel from her skin and she stands before the door naked, aflame.
“Which makes you all the warier. Very sensible of you.” He walks to the door. “I don’t make many promises, Joanna, but I will promise you this – Moriarty will know neither where you have gone, nor what you have gone to collect. At least, not through any fault of mine.” He opens the door, revealing the empty outer room beyond. “Lovely to see you as always. Don’t hesitate to phone if I can be of any further use.”
The boy was a rich man’s son, but you and I know that Death cannot be bought; though the rich man’s doctors fed the boy elixirs and potions and rubbed him all over with salves, the boy still burned with fever. The doctors shook their educated heads and the rich man wept his costly tears and Death waited in the street below, as patient as a king.
“Absolutely not,” Sherlock is saying, and the low, infuriated rumble of his voice calms her. His voice, and the cool, slightly chemical smell of Baker Street. She sits up in bed and takes in the steadying darkness of her room. There are footsteps on the stairs. “If she wanted to talk to you, she would answer when you phoned. As she does not, we can assume she doesn’t wish to see you at any time, much less in the middle of the night, much
Thompson sits back in her chair. “Of course.” She writes something on her notepad, but Joanna doesn’t bother to read it. When Thompson looks up again, her expression is perfectly composed. “So,” she says. “How’s your blog going?”
An unnatural silence follows. Joanna breathes carefully, gratefully, and listens as the others do the same. Sherlock is gripping her hand.
Joanna stares at her. Harry stops mid-chew. “Gran,” Harry says, sounding properly herself for the first time in years, “was that meant to be some sort of joke?”
now, for no reason at all. It makes Joanna want to tread on her toes. “I had the most horrendous drive here. I forgot what a maze these streets can be.” She drops her coat into Joanna’s arms. “So what does the old bag want now?”
For a moment she feels cracked open and exposed, as if she’s found herself suddenly naked in front of him. His face is impassive, unreadable, and there’s nothing like judgment or pity in his eyes. She looks back, laid bare, and wonders at the part of her that wants to show him more.
Sherlock must see her then; she feels his sharp, stunned breath like a knife in her chest. She is so cold and so still and he’s almost out the door, fire be damned, when the shadow pushes him back into the house.
Joanna snaps on a pair of gloves and, with an apologetic glance back at Lestrade, walks over to inspect the fallen tree.
, it says, long letters shaped in black ink. Below the name a brown spot of dry blood stains the paper, the size of a finger prick. Joanna closes her eyes.
“After my parents died. Yes.” She turns, looks at him properly. Houses flash past in the taxi window, tall and aged and regal in a quietly condemned sort of way. A neighbourhood of the magnificent dead. “I’ll tell you about it, if you ask.”
“Death must taste better,” the hermit said, but he ate all the same. When it was gone, he slept deeply. The girl sat beside his bed and watched the sun rise in the sky before it sank again below the trees. She lit a candle to keep away the dark, and it burned until sunrise.
Joanna tips her head back, far enough that she can see the fuzzy grey expanse of Gran’s cardigan and the displeased set of her chin. “Gran, I know you don’t approve of divination—”
“You are out of your depth.” Mycroft’s voice is too loud in the little room; it echoes in the following silence. Sherlock stares down at an open file, still but for the fists clenched white-knuckled in his lap.
“Ugh, fine,” she says, and uses his shoulders to push herself unsteadily onto her feet. “I’ve not gone hypothermic; it’s just the aftereffects of the curse. It’ll wear off soon.”
The oak would protect Sherlock from the house collapsing around them, but he pushes her branches away and runs for the human with the axe. “Harry,” he pants, pulling the axe from her hands. “Harry, you have to stop. Joanna isn’t just inside the tree; I think she
“It’s not – the mirror is as difficult to interpret as any other form of divination. It doesn’t mean Sherlock is going to
Sherlock shuts the little clothbound book with a snap of his hand and sits back in his chair. “You used to send me books, when we were children. After you left for school. Do you remember?”
“You liked it because it was Gran’s, and because you were the only one she’d share it with.” Harry rolls over, onto her back. Her elbow knocks sharp against Joanna’s side. “Did you ever wonder why she didn’t teach me too?”
The bed is unfamiliar, but the sheets smell like her laundry soap – like Baker Street, and subtle extravagance of Sherlock’s shampoo. She lies curled on her side, facing the faintly lit outline of the bedroom door, and underneath the blankets she’s wearing her dressing gown, a pair of woolly socks, and absolutely nothing else.
Lestrade hurries over, but Sherlock’s already elbowed the tech out of the way, his white-gloved fingers clearing the last of the soil from the chest cavity. A breath whistles through his teeth. “Joanna. Look.”
“When she phoned. She said you’d had too much to drink, but you actively avoid alcohol when under stress. I’d anticipated a number of likely responses to the incidents of the past few days, but a bare-arsed, gin-fuelled binge wasn’t one of them.” He looks down at the cup of water still in his hand. “Mrs. Hudson was frightened for you, and I thought—” He stops, his jaw clenched. “I formed a conclusion without sufficient data.”
Joanna sucked at the burn, thumb aching between her teeth, and heard the words so clearly Gran might have been standing beside her, cane tapping impatiently against the floor.
She can feel Adrienne’s gaze fixed on her face. She doesn’t look up to meet it. “Sherlock has spent the last few hours trying to gain access to Moriarty’s official file on our secure server,” Adrienne says. “It lists Moran as a likely associate – that should be enough to start with, I’d think.” She stands, takes the cigar box from Mycroft’s desk and tucks it under her arm. “Shall I give him a nudge in the right direction, sir?”
“Hmm,” the assistant says, and presses her palm flat over the hole. She holds it there for a brief moment, perfectly manicured nails and pale fingers splayed across the wallpaper. When she lowers her hand, the air smells slightly of wood smoke and the hole is gone.
She looks up and meets his eyes. She can’t remember the expression she saw on his face in the moment Boyle prepared to snap his neck. She knows he was looking at her.
He turns and jumps the barricade, darting past firefighters and police and up to the blue flames seething in the air between the stoop and the front door. He glances back at her in the crowd, and she nods.
“I thought they might have a cup of tea and a nice chat,” Moran says. “I didn’t ask her to use force.”
Sherlock nods, unsurprised. He waves Mycroft on with a casual twist of his hand. “The last story. Read the title.”
Joanna has more experience with the dying than the dead, but she’s sure enough when she turns to Sherlock and says, “A toxin, most likely self-administered. Judging by rigor, I’d say time of death was between eight and eleven o’clock last night.” After moonrise.
The left side of Joanna’s body feels as if it’s been plunged into ice water; she staggers to her feet and grins. “Hoo
Sherlock cannot find Mrs Hudson in the smoke and the dark. He has searched her flat and started to climb the seventeen steps to the rooms above and the house fears for them both, for their burning lungs and stinging eyes, and the fire,
Sherlock has slipped from her arms and is sinking limp and motionless toward the pool’s floor. He’s unconscious. A long shadow drifting in the light.
Some days Joanna thinks the only reason Gran is teaching her anything at all is so she’ll have someone to weed the garden.
“I’m not stopping you, am I? Just giving my opinion.” She nudges the base of Joanna’s spine with her cane. “Though I suppose you’re too ‘mature’ now to need an old woman’s advice.”
But the house is already reaching for her, greedy in its fear, and before she can brace herself the wards drink deep from the living heat inside her, draining her through the needle and the thread and the stitches in her bleeding hand. The numbing cold spreads from her arm to her left shoulder and side and she shudders, locking her knees to stay upright.
His assistant sits at Sherlock’s desk, her legs crossed neatly at the ankle and her eyes fixed on the Blackberry in her hand. Joanna shrugs off her jacket and tosses it over the arm of the sofa. “I did, thanks.” Her voice sounds like it belongs to someone else, pleasant and impossibly steady. “I see you found something interesting to read while you waited.”
“I found it in our flat almost two weeks ago, under a stack of old papers.” Joanna lifts the lid, revealing the sawdust and shattered amber glass bottles inside. “At the time, I thought it was one of yours.”
Joanna takes a hammer from the pile of tools at the back of the hall cupboard and smashes the vials, each one quickly after the other. A jumble of voices spills out of the box – hers and Sherlock’s, Mrs. Hudson’s and Mycroft’s and others, lost in the cacophony – and she holds her hands tight over her ears and waits. When it’s done, she returns the box to the table, hiding it again beneath the stack of paper.
He looks away, avoiding her eyes. “Mycroft sent me a file the morning you moved in. I didn’t read it.”
Joanna tucks into her meal, and they eat in easy silence for a few minutes. Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen is warm and the food is filling, and for the first time in the last few case-crazed days Sherlock isn’t there to watch as she takes each bite, the great detective either twitching with impatience or silently congratulating himself on the proper feeding of his faithful sidekick.
The stronger she makes the wards, the brighter the fire burns. It’s almost blinding now, a sea of flame so close and so hungry that it seems to fill the very world; she closes her eyes and sees it still against the dark, an afterimage of London cast into light and shade. All-saint’s fire eats and eats, never satisfied, never extinguished, and what can she do against a spell that
At that Sherlock launches into an irate and excruciatingly detailed account of the various flora and fungi in the cabinet above the bathroom sink that require his constant attention, an account which continues uninterrupted as Joanna passes him the items that belong in the higher kitchen cabinets. When she blocks out the words and only listens to the drawling rise and fall of his voice, it’s almost soothing.
“I do.” He presses the shard of mirror into the palm of her hand, closing her fingers around it. It bites into her skin, drawing blood, and power rises bitter at the back of her throat. “I never want to see you again,” he says. “I want to forget I ever saw you at all.”
She sleeps in the attic that night, curled inside the too-small sleeping bag. She wakes once in the early hours of the morning, half-asleep and breathing warm into the cold; as she rolls onto her side she sees a man’s face in the mirror, his lips slightly parted as he watches her with wide, opiate-dark eyes.
“Only a fool wastes his food on the dead,” the girl said, and set the pomegranate aside. She reached inside the horn again, and this time she pulled out a tangle of summer radishes. “Now save your breath, old man, and eat.”
He looks up from her feet, and she can’t help but meet his eyes. He’s smiling. “They always underestimate you.”
had been a particular favourite of Gran’s; she’d taken a great deal of pleasure in defacing his author photo and filling the margins with rude commentary about the size of his magick wand.
“His kept witch,” Adrienne adds, and takes a broken shard of amber glass from the box. She holds it up to the light. “Just as I am Mr Holmes’, and you are his brother’s.”
A circle of electric lamps stands around the edge, and the techs work under the unnatural glare of their light, uncovering the remains bone by delicate bone. Joanna counts six bodies, six sets of remains, each partially exposed by the crumbling earthen walls and floor. A camera flashes, and Sherlock looks up from his place bent over a small, skeletal arm. Judging by the size, the victim couldn’t have been more than seven years old.
“Doesn’t seem to have affected your appetite much,” he says, just before shovelling an enormous bite of sweet and sour pork into his mouth. She’s hardly surprised that he goes without during cases, if he eats like this between. He takes a drink of water, and she watches the muscles of his long throat move as he swallows. An answering heat stirs low in her stomach, and it’s entirely, wonderfully absurd, like everything else about him – like everything in her life since the moment she set foot inside his flat.
Joanna turns, ready to indulge in a good, cathartic shout, but the fight goes out of her when she sees Sherlock’s face. His hair is still damp, drying in frizzing, awkward corkscrew curls, and his mouth twists with frustration as he searches his pockets.
His lips twitch. “I’ll keep that in mind.” He wipes the sauce from his face, wincing slightly. “I think I’ve got broccoli in my eye.”
Alice’s mobile chimes just as the car comes to a stop. She taps out a reply and then looks up. “Your flat is clear.” When they simply stare at her for another moment, she adds, “So you can go now.”
Donovan steps up to the tapeline, her hands buried deep in her coat pockets. She turns to look at Joanna, and the wind whips her hair into her face. She looks tired. “Doctor Watson.”
There’s a moment’s silence, and then she slips off the bed and stands in front of him. Her shirt buttons are small, white, plastic – they slip easily through the buttonholes until she can shrug the damp shirt off her shoulders and onto the floor. She still hasn’t regained all the weight and muscle she lost while she was ill, and she wears her belt buckled tight to keep her trousers from slipping down her hips. She sets the gun on her bedside table, then opens the belt and her trousers and pushes them to the floor, leaving her naked but for her sensible cotton pants and bra.
She looks up and sees Adrienne still staring at the table. She’s reaching out with one hand, fingers almost touching the wood.
It’s the first true day of spring, and as she works Joanna feels something thaw inside her, a knot slowly loosening. She likes the way the soil crumbles under her fingers, dark and warm and maybe a little familiar, in an unfamiliar sort of way. She likes the heat of the sun on her back and the ground beneath her knees.
“No, of course not. Silly me.” Mrs. Hudson looks away, and then looks back again. “That’s more than a little mad, love.”
“I suppose I deserve that,” Mycroft sighs, his little brother farting to a crescendo, and then both boys are gone, vanished as quickly as they’d appeared.
The witch clicked her wise old tongue three times against the roof of her wise old mouth. ‘You sell flowers in the street. What do you care for the life of a rich man’s son?’
“I will cure the hermit whether you agree to my wager or not,” the girl told Death. “His life is not the prize.” She opened the door of the cottage and raised her stubborn chin. “If the hermit lives through the night, you will give me one gift – one that I will name.”
Harry phones exactly once every two days to check in. Their conversations are short and cover little more than the weather and injustices perpetrated by Harry’s rather close-minded neighbours. Joanna’s always relieved when the time comes to say their goodbyes.
He nods, deadpan. “I blame violence on television. Corrupts young minds.” He disappears into the house, and the dark shape of his coat merges with the shadows in the hall.
“I need to retrieve some of my grandmother’s things, and I need to do it without Moriarty or Sherlock knowing where I’ve gone. Can you help?”
“I wouldn’t have,” Moran says. “Not today. Not like this.” He’s sweating now too, from pain or the heat or both, and his forehead is beaded with perspiration. “James will kill Holmes himself. I promised him that.”
Another silence, and his posture shifts, his shoulders and back tensed as if bracing for a long-expected blow. It looks nothing like his usual eagerness. “Yes, I understand,” he says. “Hold the scene until we arrive.” He rings off and turns back to her, his expression stiff and unreadable. “Five bodies found in Coldfall Wood, all buried for more than a decade, all children. Are you coming?”
Joanna sets the cup down on the table and sits back on her heels. “You’re not going to tell me who he is, are you?”
There are footsteps on the stairs, the sound filling the silence until they come to a sudden, eloquent stop halfway to the landing.
“We’re not finished with today’s lesson.” She taps her cane hard against the bare ground. “Meadowsweet.”
Adrienne gives him an arch, insulted look. “Of course, sir,” she says, and leaves the office. She closes the door behind her.
“Nothing wrong,” Gran says, “with a bald man. Always found it attractive, myself. A little extra shine.” Her voice is faint, but steady. The elixir has eased the worst of the pain. It never lasts for long. “The stories I could tell you, child. How your ears would burn.”
All-saint’s fire burns in a blue halo around 221, its flames rippling in the empty air over the café awning like waves against a beach. The white stone beneath the fire is unharmed, safe as long as the warding spell holds, but smoke slips through cracks in the doors and windows, filling the house and rising in thick black coils into the sky above.
He raises the first finger. “Violence soothes you. You have a particular talent for it, and indulging that talent gives you a sense of concrete purpose and control that you crave during times of uncertainty. But you can’t simply start a fight – not with that pesky moral code of yours and its pedestrian distaste for collateral damage. No, you rely on your rather less than pedestrian flatmate for your fix, and while normally I would have obliged with an appropriately dangerous case, my attention was needed elsewhere. So – camaraderie or sex.”
His touch is delicate, clinical; she hardly feels it. “You’ll be sore here tomorrow. This joint absorbed most of the impact when you sent us into the water.” A damp strand of hair falls in his way, and he brushes it back over her shoulder. “Your hair was plaited when you left for Sarah’s. When did they undo it?”
Harry opens the boot and tosses him a bag of dry cleaning. “Make her put some clothes on. She’ll be impossible to reason with until she gets it out of her system.”
“I’m not allowed to drink anything you give me,” Joanna says. The words leave her mouth before she can stop them, and the woman laughs, delighted.
“It’s always meant to go to the eldest, but that isn’t the only reason.” Gran looks up at the ceiling. At the cracked lines of the plaster. “Your mother hated this house. She married your father to escape it. But you – if I give it to you, you’ll stay.” She stops, hard-won breath hissing through her teeth. “I don’t want to trap you here. Not any more than I already have.”
Her victory is a fleeting one; a moment later Adrienne gives her a cool smile, crosses her legs at the knee and leans back as if she’d simply been waiting for an excuse to sit. “Bit weak, but not bad after a twenty year sulk. Cotton or jute?”
“That’s quite enough of that,” Gran says. “This poor house has troubles enough without you sending it into some sort of childish tantrum.” She bangs her cane against the wall. “You’ll have woken all the woodworms.”
Joanna stands. “Yes, Gran. I understand.” She turns stiffly to go back into the kitchen, but Gran stops her with a gentle hand on her arm.
He's right, of course – the ribs are only bruised, and even when she presses hard on the affected area his expression stays smooth and untroubled, a perfect mask.
“There’s magic for this; I know there is. You don’t even have to make her love me again, just make her want to see me, make her forget—”
Three neat stitches. She pulls them tight and draws the remaining thread out to its full length, the needle glinting at its end. Then she drops it.
He’s almost too gentle – careful to hold the hair at its root, his grip too sure and his fingers too steady to jerk or pull. He eases each tangle free with the slow precision she’s seen him use with fragile fibres, with glass slides beneath microscopes and the taut strings of his violin. His touch is so light, it’s almost as if her hair unknots itself.
Something complicated happens behind Mycroft’s eyes, though his expression reveals nothing more than mild interest. “A weapon?”
The fire brigade has blocked off the street, has prepared their hoses and pumps and foam, but there’s nothing they can do. All-saint’s fire feeds off the magic it consumes; once it burns through her warding spell, the fire will raze the house to its foundations and scorch the earth beneath.
She nods. “The injuries he sustained in Afghanistan – he was at risk for an infarction. He—” She stops. Closes her eyes. “My gun.”
remember me? I’d wondered if you would. It has been an awfully long time.” She turns to Sherlock, tapping the back of his hand with her finger. “I knew the family very well, you see. I was at school with Penelope when we were young, and of course once we had our own children—”
Sherlock reaches out, wordlessly offering his brother the little blue book. After a moment, Mycroft takes it.
That said, chapters five and six are a sort of mini-arc all their own, so there will be some closure at the end of what I'm about to share. It's not the whole story, but it is a story unto itself.
“Or so I imagine,” the hermit said, and there was laughter in his clever old eyes. “Whatever the reason, I have not seen him – not since last I saw you, girl.”
Sherlock stands by the window, watching his mother closely as he plays. He is sixteen and skinny, all elbows and bony knees, but his bow flies over the strings with a familiar quick grace. The piece is difficult, slightly discordant; she’s heard it before. She thinks it must be Prokofiev or Paganini, something he plays when he’s in the mood to show off. Joanna leans against the doorframe and listens, thinking of home.
Joanna looks at the cigar box and its broken tangle of copper wire and glass. “Has a distinctive style, does he?”
“Oh, brilliant,” Donovan says when Sherlock steps out of the cab. “Because this crime scene wasn’t creepy enough.”
There’s a flash of hurt in Harry’s eyes before the anger sets in, hard and certain and unforgiving. “Fine,” she says. “Freeze to death. Die of mould poisoning. Stay up here and rot, you selfish little
Lestrade sighs. “Suppose that means we’re off to the garden, then.” He shoves his hands in his coat pockets and generally looks like a man desperate for a cigarette. “You coming?”
Twenty years later, Joanna lies awake in her bed in Baker Street and remembers the heat of Alfred Boyle’s heart beating in the palm of her hand. Remembers the power she felt as it stopped.
“Fantastic,” Sherlock says, his voice bone dry. “Not even through the front door, and already I’ve two suspects in mind.”
“Yes,” he says. “I know.” He slowly raises a hand to her face. His fingers brush the hair at her temple, drawing it away from her eyes. “Joanna,” he says, as if he is about to say something very important, but he doesn’t say anything at all – only touches two rain-chilled fingers to her cheek, tracing the curve of bone beneath skin.
The ride back to Baker Street is silent but for the hum of the engine and the soft sounds of Adrienne’s mobile. Joanna leans against the town car window and watches the city flow past, a London bleached colourless by the height of the midday sun. Her shoulder aches, but her mind is clear.
She nods. “I don’t claim to be the most mysterious of potential flatmates, Sherlock, but I’m a bit more psychologically complex than you give me credit for.” She passes him a clean napkin. “Even dull people can be unpredictable.”
There’s a shout from the other side of the pit – the team working on the second set of remains. Lestrade winces.
‘Do not be afraid,’ the bride told her love; ‘it is not your time yet,’ and she opened the small wooden box.
“Joanna,” he says, and she stops just inside the room. He sits stiff-backed against the headboard, his pale face framed by the long shadows the bedside lamp casts on the wall. She thinks of the wonder in his eyes when the warding spell touched him. The shape of his lips as he silently spoke her name. “If I asked,” he says, “would you tell me?”
Sherlock tilts back his head to look up at her, squinting slightly into the light. “What are you waiting for? We’re about to exhume the torso, and I want your input.”
“A healthy hundred-year-old oak doesn’t just uproot after a fortnight’s rain,” Joanna says, her voice pitched low. “But I don’t see how someone could’ve used a tractor or a crane without—”
There’s a rubbish bin beneath the sink. Joanna crams the satchel and the clay man inside, below the fruit peels and used plastic wrap.
The stranger is breathing fast, his fists clenched at his sides. He climbs again to the front step, watching her with careful eyes. “You didn’t know that would happen.”
A bell the size of a fist lies behind the child’s ribs, fused to the spine. It hangs where the heart would in a living body, its brass finish stained black with dirt and decay.
“I probably won’t be too chuffed either,” Joanna says, but Harry’s already walking to the door, her sunglasses glinting in the milky afternoon light. She pretends not to hear.
The hallway is empty, narrow – polished old wood floors and ivory-papered walls, all spotlessly clean. “Sherlock?” she says, but the hallway is as quiet as the room behind her. She glances back over her shoulder and sees the long strip of light that falls across the bed, illuminating her own sleeping face.
“I’ve come to say goodbye,” she says some hours later, after the heat of the afternoon has faded from the attic air. She smiles, feeling a little foolish, and shakes her head. “I’m not sure why I thought this would work. It’s stupid, but I thought – maybe you still looked sometimes, even if you couldn’t remember why. But you live in the world as it is, and I—” She stops. Looks down at her hands and traces the small scars that line her open palm. “I think it’s time that I live there, too.”
His fingers find a rough spot on the front cover. He rubs his thumb over it once, twice, and then angles the book towards the light, revealing a shallow imprint in the cloth – a horned snake coiled in a circle, eating its own tail.
Photophobia is a symptom of datura poisoning, but she’s sure he knows that. Sherlock may not be much of a herbalist, but he recognises a deadly toxin when he smells it. She smiles. “Sherlock?”
, she thinks, and forces her eyes to focus. The shadow stretches across the bricks before her, threaded needle held in its ghostly hand. It watches her, a quizzical tilt to its head.
Joanna takes the knotted string from her pocket and tosses it to her. “Cotton. It was all I had in the flat.”
“I should have spoken to him,” Agamede said, her words weighted with grief. “I should have begged him to stay.”
A memory rises, unbidden, of the dead starling and its terrible stillness. A memory of the mouse quivering in the palm of her hand, its heartbeat and breath.
The sound is exactly what it should be – a hollow, mechanical click. When she looks up again, Sherlock is staring down at her. She can see the question waiting in his eyes. “Yes,” he says. “I know.”
Harry grins. “I don’t,” she says. “And you won’t either.” She slams the gearshift into drive, and Joanna turns to watch as the house fades from sight.
He stands in front of a wide desk in a private study, the walls behind him lined by bookshelves and dark wood. His arms are at his sides, his back held stiff and straight, and Joanna realises for the first time that he’s at least a year younger than she is, if not more. His face and thin-fingered hands are too long for his body, and standing alone with his chin held defiantly high he looks a bit ridiculous, like a puppy who’s yet to grow into his paws. It should be endearing, but it hurts her, somehow, to see him made small.
After that, Lestrade makes them wait outside in the rain for their taxi. Sherlock sulks at the screen of his mobile, his coat collar tugged up to his ears. Joanna watches the sky, and the grey weight of the clouds.
The table is propped up on its end, pushed against the back wall of the storage unit and surrounded by dust-dark cardboard boxes. Layers of greying bubble wrap protect the table legs where they jut out into the room, but the names etched on the underside are exposed. Adrienne pushes past her, steps neatly around the pieces of a broken loom, and moves close enough to read them.
“No. I don’t think so.” She takes a steadying breath, pinned open and exposed under his gaze. “I should go back to bed, Sherlock. I’ve work in the morning.”
“What have you done to mine?” she asks, and startles when heavy footsteps pound up the attic stairs a moment later. She stands, turning her back to the mirror and stuffing the crisps into her pocket.
“No,” Anderson drawls with all his usual charm, “I think she decided mid-arrhythmia to take a quick snooze on the kitchen table.”
Joanna grins down at him, though she knows he can’t see it in the darkness. “You really are very good.”
“It’s as much your sofa as mine.” Sherlock tugs sharply at the hem of her jumper, and the slice of sweet and sour pork drops to the pavement with a soft splat. He steps back, his hands slipping into his pockets. “Joanna Watson,” he says, as if trying out the sound of it. “You’re more of a mystery than you think.”
“A group of children from the local primary school picks up rubbish here on weekends. They were the first into the wood this morning.” She glances back at Sherlock, a brief glare from over her shoulder. “I suppose you think that’s funny.”
Joanna clambers up the stone steps to the house, but she pauses just before she goes inside. She turns back to meet her grandmother’s sun-narrowed eyes. “Gran, do you think it’ll be a long time before I learn how to unlock the attic door?”
“You’re not,” he says, but he hasn’t touched her shoulder, hasn’t reached for his kit or dragged her back to cover. He kneels at her side, burying his face in his hands, and she realises that it isn’t Murray at all.
, Joanna thinks, and tucks her sister’s head beneath her chin, pulling her close. Harry’s breath smells too sweet, like sugarless chewing gum and late harvest wine. “She said she’s bad for me,” Harry says. “That she en-enables me, that she’ll always love me but she can’t be with me, like she’s been reading those fucking books again, going to those
Fire licks across her stitched palm, flows through thread and needle to a dark wood that drinks in waves of light like a man dying of thirst. Joanna falls to her knees and the door shudders in its frame, burning bright enough to blind and still hungry. It feeds on her, on the fire inside, and she feels her body grow cold. Slumps to the floor and hears her heartbeat as it slows.
The orphan girl loved the boy in the rich man’s house more than she loved any other living person, but she did not think that the sort of thing you could tell a witch. ‘The boy is my best customer,’ the girl said instead. ‘If he dies I will go hungry and never be fat enough for your supper.’
The taxi drives past quickly. She catches only a glimpse of stone and wood and darkened glass before it’s disappeared again, a shadow in sunlight. Next to her on the seat, Sherlock frowns. “You lived here as a child.”
“So I’ll kick them out.” She leans across the table, her thin face suddenly serious. “The house should’ve been yours all along, Jo, and you know it. If you won’t leme give you a percentage of the rent—”
“Your pulse is a little fast,” she says when she reaches his heart. Her voice sounds strange through the seal of the eartips, and she swallows. “Everything all right?”
Joanna looks again at the white, curving lines painted on the rubber. “An invisible car?” she says. “Isn’t that a bit dangerous?”
“You are,” she says. “A bit.” She sits on the edge of his bed, pulling her legs up and hugging them to her chest. “I didn’t mean to go away, you know. I didn’t have a choice.”
“I didn’t know it would be here,” she says. “I dropped my notepad, and when I bent down to pick it up, I saw the writing.”
“I don’t know about that,” Adrienne says, leaning against the door of unit number 339. “From here it looks as if it’s doing its job rather well.”
The hermit opened his eyes. “The fruit of the dead,” he said, his voice raw with fever. “Do you prepare my funeral meal, girl?”
Joanna knows that jaw clench – she’s felt it often enough, usually just after Sherlock summons her with one of his ill-timed, infuriatingly cryptic texts. “If Mycroft needs you at the office—”
The body in the bed cannot feel it, but Joanna does – the humid press of his sweating palm, his bony knuckles tucked against her belly. She is nothing more than a ghost at his side, solid as a shadow, and still she feels the phantom weight of his hand on hers.
Joanna sits down at the table, the old woman still gripping her hand. The flowers’ cloying smell grows stronger. “Do you know what happened to them? To Peter and the others?”
“Not another step,” Boyle warns her, tightening his thick-fingered grip on Sherlock’s chin. “You move again and I’ll do it, Captain. I’ll kill him.”
“I called you selfish. I’m rather selfish myself, you see, so I recognise it easily in others.” There’s a brief silence, and movement on the stairs. “Do you know, Harriet, how rarely your sister sleeps through the night? Insomnia, nightmares, her mad flatmate with an unfortunate habit of lighting the kitchen on fire when the tedium sets in – it’s remarkable that she manages to get any sleep at all. And now you, her self-pitying drunk of a sister, making midnight visits.” Another silence. “Stay here. Don’t touch anything.”
Moriarty studies her for a long moment, eyes dark, his face stripped of any pretence of emotion. “You would beg for his life, I think. I’m not certain you would for your own.” He reaches out and touches her cheek. Two fingers, warm against her skin. “Joanna, don’t you want to know what I’m going to do with you?”
, Mrs. Hudson. We had a strange encounter with the—” She stops and takes a breath. “He’s dangerous and he’s obsessed with Sherlock. We could be putting you at risk living here.”
Three long flights of stairs later Joanna sits at the kitchen table, her hands folded on the worn wood. She stares straight ahead, refusing to meet Gran’s eyes. “Why did you lock the door?”
The boy lowers his hands and looks at her, colourless eyes and pale, unreadable face. “And you should know better,” he says, in a high, posh voice she’s never heard. “By now you really should.” He touches her face, pushing the hair at her temple aside with the slightest touch of his fingertips. “There isn’t a door in this house,” Sherlock says, “that wouldn’t open for you the moment you asked.”
The stranger is a fair, stiff-backed man in a long camelhair coat. The sky is bright behind him, a peerless autumn blue. Joanna squints into the light, but the details of his face are lost to shadow. He lowers his arm and studies her silently for a long moment.
No answer. The only light in the little room comes from the hallway outside, and the open crack of the door. Joanna slips out of the bed and walks across the room, her bare feet soundless on the milk-white rug. The doorknob is cold in her hand, and the hinges creak as she looks out, squinting into the light.
Joanna shakes her head once, her eyes still closed. The sniper at the far end of the corridor must see, because Moriarty sighs in her ear a moment later. “Oh dear. I thought for sure you’d remember. I thought it would be one of your favourites.” He pauses, a brief crackle of silence. “You’ve forgotten it, I suppose. Like you’ve forgotten so many things she taught you.”
Joanna plucks a pair of tweezers from a nearby tray of forensic tools and eases a sliver of green from beneath one of the fingernails on the right hand. She drops it into a plastic evidence bag. “There is now,” she says.
The shadow steps away from the door, her feet solid and steady on the bricks below. The needle still buried in her chest. She looks down at Joanna with fathomless black eyes and says,
The woman shakes her head. “He disappeared from his bed in the middle of the night. First of November, 1981. The police thought he must have run away from home, but he was only seven years old and so
“Sherlock?” she says. There’s no answer. Another book hits the floor, this time with more force. She steps into the room in time to see a well-thumbed copy of
Joanna stumbles, her legs still heavy with sleep. Her mouth tastes dry, like chalk. “Sorry,” she murmurs. “Didn’t mean to stay all night – we lost track of time.”
,” Harry hisses, wrenching Joanna to her feet by one arm. “This is absolute bloody madness, Jo, and you know it.”
“You know, your Madame Seostris used to tell me stories,” Moriarty says, his voice soft in her ear. “She knew all the good ones – cursed boxes and poisoned cups, hands of glory and the wasting rings. All the nasty little things hidden away in cellars and crypts, unwanted and forgotten. She’d tell me where to find them, and I’d pay her such a lot of money. Until that inevitable day when she found the one thing I really wanted, and then decided she didn’t want to share.” For a moment, all she hears is the hiss of his breath, deceptively close. “Joanna, do you know the story of Agamede’s Mirror?”
She tugs free the last weed in the plot and lifts it in the air. Its fine roots tickle her wrist. “It is done, milady. I’ve slain the weed-beast.”
The door swings wide on well-oiled hinges when she gives it a small push, opening fully onto a narrow corridor. The house is quiet but for the soft ticking of a clock in another room. She hesitates at the threshold, Sherlock close at her back. “Hello? Anyone home?”
She hears a low, familiar muttering from inside the library, a man’s voice and the soft thump of a book hitting the carpet from a great height. She hesitates at the threshold.
. Others are less familiar, but she recognises their type – boys’ books of adventure and fantasy, featuring cruel pirates and noble Indian chiefs and orphan heroes who risk terrible dangers to seek their fortunes. She wonders if Sherlock has deleted them all; somehow, she doubts it.
“Goodbye, Doctor Watson,” Adrienne says, and slams the door shut. The car disappears into the Baker Street traffic, white chalk sigils still spinning on its tyres.
“I am, actually,” Joanna says. She stands, brushing the sand from her knees. She isn’t sure why she bothers; her uniform is filthy. “You’re not used to the extreme temperatures here, Gran. You need time to adjust, and you need water. If we go inside now—”
“No,” Joanna says, too quickly. “Let’s go downstairs.” She forces a cough. “Smell’s getting to me, I think.”
, Joanna reads, and a heart’s beat later the wind rips the book from the hedge and sends it into the air, tumbling down the rain-wet street.
The ground trembles beneath them, the kitchen floor tipping as the house’s foundation sinks and cracks under the invasive weight of her roots. Harry drops the axe and holds tight to the oak’s trunk; Sherlock staggers in the shifting mud. The house groans around them.
Joanna shoves her shaking hand into her trouser pocket and forces herself to stand upright, pride overruling the pain. “I know what you’re trying to do, and you’re wasting your time.”
“He’d be wasting his time with you, then,” Joanna says. “I’ll just pop down and tell him so, shall I?” She’s out of the room and down the stairs before Gran can answer. The stranger knocks again, just as she reaches the hall, and his arm is still raised when she opens the door.
