Bobby’s own sigh was one of resignation with a hint of frustration. He and Ellen had known each other for years, agreeing to keep it loose yet exclusive. Neither was interested in anyone else, but agreed to be honest if that changed. It hadn’t in the seven years they had been together. They had met almost eight years ago when Ellen came to Scrapyard Dogs’ first Sioux Falls show after Jo had joined the band.
“Maybe it’s a good thing you’re moving into your own place first,” Cas said with a straight face. “Give me time to acclimate myself to your more …
He was stunned. Shocked even. You didn’t tell him I owned the lodge. That much is certain.”
“Darling, I love you more than anything save for the snarky blonde in the living room. But if you don’t get the hell out of my kitchen,” Donna grabbed the carving knife sitting on the butcher block and pointed it at her wife, “I will kill you and they will never find you.”
“I’m a dick who is willing to get his brat some tissues.” He got up, returning with the box in hand. Cas shook his head, so Dean dropped it on the coffee table.
“You don’t have to stop.”
“Yeah. Yeah, you’re right.” Sam psyched himself up to feed into Dean’s power of positive thinking. “That group was really strong. I know there was a moment or three where I felt overpowered.”
“If you promise to wear these.” Castiel held up a pair of black lacy boxer briefs featuring a transparent fabric to properly display the ass. He wore his black trousers and nothing else.
Indeed, it was. He realized upon reflection that Dean had placed it on the small of his back as soon as he stood next to him. It had been so natural, Cas hadn’t thought anything of it.
“I can’t believe they’ll all be here soon,” Sam had marveled as they hung out in his suite after Dean returned from Cas’ house. “I know we’ve been talking about it all week — hell, all month — but now that it’s finally time, I feel like we’re getting our Christmas gifts early, you know?”
“I didn’t know you had a daughter.” He looked questioningly at Cas. “You never mentioned her.”
Cas put up a hand when Dean moved to see his stocking. “No. You can see it for the first time tomorrow. It’s his present for you.”
“Don’t tell him that!” To Cas, he added, “I like fun. As a matter of fact, I do have one.”
Dean’s eyes flicked to the angel’s mouth, then back to those baby blues.
Laughter filled the room as it was common knowledge how much John Winchester cherished his reading time. He preferred thrillers and mysteries, but his true love was horror. The library in the family home was well curated as Mary read basically anything that struck her fancy. That said, she made sure a mix of classics across all genres, not to mention favorites of hers and her husband’s, were on the shelves.
“Well, aren’t you a dark horse.” Grinning, Dean leaned in. “Maybe I’ll wear it to the show tomorrow night. Think anyone would notice?”
A snort ripped out of Dean. “That’s going to be a fun flight.”
“It feels like it’s been longer, but nope. We saw each other in October when she came out to the Phoenix show, remember?” Dean nodded after the reminder lit up his memory bank. Sam chuckled. “I saw Jess in October. You met Cas in November. Now, we’re all spending Christmas together with our parents. Who saw
Sometime later, Dean had enough of the dried cum on his chest though he did enjoy being glued to Castiel. He took solace knowing he would be back in those safe, strong arms once they were clean. The look of sadness when he moved out of his angel’s embrace made his heart tighten. A soft smile appeared on Dean’s mouth. Leaning in, he brushed his lips against Castiel’s, then kissed his nose and forehead.
He dried off before pulling out a black dress shirt, black slim fitted trousers, a red silk tie, and his nicest shoes.  Upon dressing, he realized that the outfit would look so much better if it matched Cas's, so he swapped out the red tie for a navy blue silk tie.
"Cas," Sam smiled.
Dean clenched at first. He had never been penetrated by a man, by anything, before. But this just felt....right.  Him and Cas were one. They were together.  They could be together.  Nobody else was writing their story.  They were free.
Dean swallowed, "Lucifer pranked me with your voice.  Michael came back. Sam and me, we got beaten up by Chuck.  But Jack absorbed all of Chuck's powers...and Lucifer's and Michael's.  Chuck became human.  We let him live.  We let him live because of what you told me, Cas, that I do things for love. And Jack left for Heaven. I think."
Dean stared up at the rebellious angel, a single tear started to fall from his left eye.  He was speechless.
**********STAY TUNED**********
Cas lay on his back, naked from the waist down and shirt undone, holding Dean to his side with his left arm.  Dean snuggled in close to Cas, head on the angel's bare chest, with his left arm around Cas's waist. Cas's trenchcoat draped over both their bodies.
"Sam?  Sammy?  SAM!" Dean panicked, as he spun around his seat.
Cas sat up, "How do you plan on getting me out of here?  What's your plan for getting me past it?"
"Nope! Now, get over here so I can kiss you!" Dean winked at his angel.
"Go get washed up.  I'll go see if my grace can fix the car, and we'll get back out there.  We'll go back to where you and Sam were and we'll start looking for him.  We'll track down Metadouche, and we'll figure something out," Cas said calmly.
Sam watches his brother with a frown, but stays out of his way.
But it isn't his brother, it's a red headed teenage girl, covered in dirt.
"It's okay, Cas.  I know that you and Sam had the best of intentions.  God knows I've done the same sorts of things to save Sam," Dean shook his head to the side. "But I'm back.  Whatever the cost, I am back and ready to kick ass again."
“Holy crap,” Dean muttered. Then, with the appropriate enthusiasm only a child of six could muster, “We get to spend Christmas in Christmasland! This is fucking
“Yes.”
Dean liked that Cas didn’t jump back like he had been caught doing something wrong when his son appeared. Instead, Cas broke the kiss (reluctantly from Dean’s point of view) and leaned back against the couch with a wry grin on his red, swollen lips.
Castiel narrowed his eyes in annoyance. “I am not a twink.” Not that he was entirely sure what that was. He considered what Dean had said, his gaze softening. “You … think of me while you pleasure yourself?”
Across the room, Sam spotted their weapons piled on a table. He wasn’t as subtle as he should have been as the angel leader sent one of her own to grab a demon-killing knife and “show Sam what it’s like to bleed a pig.” The rest of their captors, ten in all, cackled ominously. The angel with the knife sliced a long scar down Sam’s cheek.
Both Dean and Cas chuckled. Dean already liked her and from the corner of his eye, he could see how pleased his boyfriend was to see her. She may be the town gossip, but it was clear from the number of people who called out to her while she talked with the couple that she was beloved.
He had used the kid’s name. Dean knew he was screwed.
Not that John had delivered his edict in such a militaristic fashion. Far from it. He had thought he was merely encouraging his oldest son to be a good big brother. His wife Mary also had been taken aback by the way Dean stood up for Sam and made others fall in line or suffer his wrath. Many a time had Dean come home with a bloody nose or a black eye (sometimes both), a detention note or a suspension (only once for the latter). The first few times he had shown up marred, he simply told his parents, “You should see the other guy.”
“Think I can unwrap you now?” His hand was cupping his lover’s hard cock through the fabric.
He unmuted the television, getting pulled into a scene in the Dagobah System with Luke Skywalker, R2D2, and Yoda. This pissed Dean off even more than he already was. Dropping his overnight bag, he stormed over to the sofa, yanked the remote from his brother’s hands, and turned off the television. All he wanted for tonight was to have fun with the people who meant a lot to him. Like hell Sam was going to piss all over that.
A healthy crowd had descended upon the dining room, but Cas had called his assistant manager Anna to reserve the same table setup from lunch this afternoon once his invitation had been accepted. When they arrived, a few extra chairs were required and it was a tighter squeeze than before, but no one complained.
Despite being concerned about what was happening with Dean, Cas had managed to accomplish all his tasks in the time he had allotted. He had sent Jack home twenty minutes ago as there was precious little work for his son as everything that could be handled had been. Assistant Manager Anna was attending the front desk and would be in charge until she went off duty at ten. She had insisted on working her full shift despite her boss offering the opportunity to cut out early for the concert. With the event being live streamed, she said she would just watch it on the big television in the common area since it was connected to the Internet.
“Why the hell didn’t you say anything?”
Sam had assured him it was nothing, but Cas had seen how taken aback the younger Winchester had been by his brother’s behavior. Perhaps Sam was used to it since he seemed to cover for Dean with relative ease. Still, when he had smiled, it didn’t reach his eyes. That also unsettled Cas.
“Sorry, kid.” Dean pulled a face. “Didn’t mean to get you busted.”
“Maybe Santa left them in your stocking.”
I hope you all enjoyed my Hallmark with smut Christmas AU! Thank you so much for reading and commenting!
“Ma’am? I like that.” She shook his hand. “So polite. But you can drop the ‘Miss.’ Folks round here are respectful, but not
you put down roots here with a guy and his kid who would love to have you around for more than a week?”
“You make it sound like we’re some family out of a Gothic horror story,” Sam chided. “You’re gonna scare Jack away and, in turn, doom Dean to a bachelor’s life. Then, you’ll know true horror.”
“Maybe this Christmas, what?” he asked via the microphone in front of him.
“I know what you mean. Lawrence is pretty good at decking its halls, but damn. Makes me want to move here and never leave.”
This perspective had prepared Dean for the meeting with his father wherein he entered the suite hand in hand with Cas. He hadn’t been itching for a fight, but he was putting his foot down. As far as he had been concerned, the ball was in John’s court. Dean had said all he needed to say earlier.
Cas had no idea what was going on, terrified at the idea he would have to sing in front of the entire town and then some. Jack was faring no better, but at least he seemed excited at the prospect. It had to be a group thing, Cas speculated. No way would Dean and Sam make them sing solos for a song he might not even know. Unless they were looking for a real showstopper in the worst possible sense.
“I suppose not.” Cas mirrored him. “I didn’t know I had left such an impression. You must meet hundreds of people while touring.”
Nothing more.
“If I play my cards right, we’ll keep that for the aftershow in the bedroom.” Dean smirked, waggling his eyebrows.
And Dean did exactly that, making sure they stayed connected unless necessary for them not to touch. Any earlier fears had been pushed aside as this night was going as well as Cas had hoped. Better even. Whatever happened upstairs later would only enhance what had happened so far.
vibe.
Those blue eyes softened. “Yes, you can.”
“Yes,” Dean moaned. “Yes, angel. Just like that. Oh, God.”
Then, this afternoon happened.
Dean’s instinct was to burst out laughing, but he wanted to know Cas believed him and understood what he was saying. That he was saying this wasn’t at all planned. The best moments never were and that gave Dean hope that this was possibly the beginning of something good. Something they both deserved.
part. That said, he had enjoyed getting a peek into this family’s life. The bond between the father and son had made him miss his own dad. It also had made him happy he was sharing this musical journey with Sam at his side.
Now as he was relaxing into the evening fun once more, Cas saw Jack hop up and leave the room. There was no doubt what his son was up to and the anticipatory look on Sam’s face only confirmed Cas’ suspicion. Sure enough, Jack returned a minute later with an open bag of milk chocolate M&Ms.
Aware of the prostate’s existence, Castiel had never considered he would interact with it so soon after entering the sexual part of their relationship. This was the promised land for male-on-male fornication. He knew not to screw this up.
Jody was pleased with how excited the Winchesters were about playing in her town. She hadn’t worried about Dean as he had been like a kid in a candy shop from the moment she had described Snow Falls. To see his reaction in the actual environment only made her happier. Sam had her worried despite his agreeing to bring their act to town. She understood he was trying to do what was right for the band and for his family. Now that he had seen two out of the three venues, she was confident he was fully on board. No way he would hate where the main event for Scrapyard Dogs would take place.
“I know, Cas.” That was all he could say and he hated himself for it. He grabbed the phone from its spot on the seat between them. “Promised Sammy I’d call when I knew something.”
Dean stuck the phone back into the inside pocket of his jacket. A few miles later, he saw a sign for a lake up ahead on the right. He did a double take. No way that was the name of the place.
“Saving room for the popcorn, Sammy?” he teased. The blush that lightly brushed his brother’s cheeks confirmed his suspicion.
A loud, long cackle erupted from his older brother. “There it is.”
A talent scout had heard about the brothers through his nieces, who had gone to school with the boys. He had seen them play at a few different gigs in the Lawrence area and approached them about going professional. They had thought he was a con artist and told him to fuck off. When the man had shown up at the Winchester home soon after, Mary had told him the same thing. She had promised him if John learned of this visit, the man on her doorstep would be hearing the same message from the wrong end of a shotgun. The scout left his card and told her, “Those boys aren’t going to be a secret for long. Someone is going to sign them. I may not be the one to bring them in, but I guarantee you someone will.”
The snort that ripped out of Dean bounced around the empty kitchen. Seriously, the acoustics were impressive. “Fuck that. Sammy can deal with him. We’re having dinner at Mayor Mills’ house tomorrow night. I’ll see him then. He’ll be cranky, but it’s fine.”
The sound of chairs scraping against the hardwood floor made him stop in his tracks not three steps from the table. He turned to see Sam and Jessica standing with determined looks on their faces.
“Sammy…”
His eyes widened upon hearing the news. “Seriously?”
“Yes. It was mine when I first moved here. I lived there till Kelly got sick. That’s when I moved in here. For whatever reason, I couldn’t bear parting with the place. So when I learned renting it out was an option, I leapt at the chance. Turns out it’s a decent moneymaker. Its helped me contribute a little extra to Jack’s college tuition fund and feather my own nest egg.”
“Yep. I want you naked when I get in there!” Dean commanded as he made his way to the kitchen.
His friends were anything but subtle.
Everything became crystal clear in that moment. There was nothing that could wreck them except their own insecurities and Cas wasn’t about to let that happen. He accepted Dean at his word because he spoke the truth. It was his turn to be just as honest.
Cas had always been gorgeous in his eyes, but in that moment he was absolutely stunning. There was nothing Dean had wanted more than to ruin that man like this every day for the rest of their lives. To wake him up with a morning blow job, bring him breakfast in bed — essentially spoil him rotten for that was what he deserved — would be the greatest gift. Mariah Carey’s “All I Want For Christmas Is You” had come to mind, and while it was overplayed and incredibly cheesy, Dean had to admit the sentiment was exactly how he felt.
“Did you have fun?” He ignored his son’s question, which had not gone unnoticed by anyone.
“I love your rubbery emotional state almost as much as I love you. I’m just happy I could be there for you. I can’t wait to have you and Jack with me on tour. Even for just two weeks. It will be
“Yes, sir, I am.” His son didn’t adopt the same dark and stormy demeanor. Dean held Cas’ gaze, never looking at John.
“It still amazes me after all these years how much effort everyone puts into decorating for the holidays,” Cas admitted. “I love it so much. It never feels like Christmas is coming until I see the Santas waving from the top of every other light post.”
me. Castiel thought back to the last prayer Dean sent out, just before the angel popped into the Impala.
Castiel had never heard his name so much as he did for those precious minutes when he fucked Dean with his tongue, making sure to tease that spot until his lover fell apart. His hands had remained glued to his man’s ass almost from the beginning, but now one moved. He used the other hand to keep the ass cheeks parted as he reached under Dean, taking his testicles in his free hand. While Castiel squeezed, pulled, rolled them around in his hand, his lover’s body responded in all the right ways. They were right: reading
“Not tonight, buddy, but I love your enthusiasm! No, this one is personal. It’s our song.
she owned a Stratocaster. Do you even know what those words mean?”
. But I can’t stop staring at this gorgeous tree and thinking how fucking perfect this Christmas is turning out. To think I was good with just being in Santa’s village for the week singing and soaking in the atmosphere.”
Dean couldn’t believe his brother had gotten that right. Damn, Sammy really had been paying attention. He was unbelievably blessed (a word he didn’t use often for how disingenuous it had become thanks to social media, but it was appropriate here) to have had him on his side all these years. For a moment, he wondered if he had been as awesome an ally for Sam, but he suspected he had nothing to worry about.
“If you promise not to put on any more clothes.” Dean set down the food and beverage on the bed.
It was simply what he wanted.
“You’re going to lose Sammy and me unless you wake up and realize not everyone is out to get you
Dean studied him for a few seconds, liking what he saw. “I’ll be damned. You would.”
“I am not a Grinch,” Sam rebutted through gritted teeth.
Now, he was sitting in Cas’ car on the way to his house for what was essentially a date (was it their second or third? He couldn’t be sure) and he was so fucking nervous. Why was he so nervous? His brain didn’t compute what apparently the rest of his body had. They were alone last night and it was fine. He did not want a repeat of the freak out from a couple days ago. Dean refused to screw this up again. Whatever
While his lover had his way with Castiel’s neck, the angel put his hands to good use. They kneaded Dean’s ass before making their way up his chest, gliding along his muscular abs until his fingers found those nubs again. This time, he worked them both getting the most delightful sounds out of his man. As soon as Dean arched his back fully, mouth parting from Castiel’s soon-to-be-marked skin, the angel put his lips to the anti-possession tattoo just above Dean’s left breast. A protection sigil that did as advertised, it featured a pentagram inside a double circle surrounded by a sunburst. Castiel kissed and licked every inch of it.
This got Dean’s attention. He tore his gaze away from the lake, eyes resting on the disheveled man next to him. God, Castiel looked so …
“Wait. You hung the ornament without me?” The hurt look on Sam’s face reminded Dean of when they were kids and Dean had done something minus Sam that both had been interested in doing.
“As in,
Instead of Sam getting ready for their night out as he expected, Dean found him sitting on the sofa watching
“Then, we walked in and I saw Jack.” Dean turned his head, giving the front desk a wistful look before coming back to his new friend. “Next thing I knew, you were waltzing in and I thought I was going to implode on the spot. You know the rest.”
“He approves,” Sam assured the room. “We worked through what the real issue was.”
is fantastic. There are a number of new and vintage titles we can watch via a horror movie streaming service I’ve gotten into lately.”
“Oh, I don’t know. Maybe a partner to share your life with, for starters? And I’m not talking about a bed warmer, but someone significant.”
Several calls and a few emails later, Jody had a meeting with Sam and Dean Winchester and their manager that Saturday morning at ten in a Minneapolis hotel. They could give her an hour as they still had a show to perform that night after playing the evening prior. While it wasn’t their tour, they had responsibilities. As a perk, they had guaranteed tickets would be waiting for her and two friends for Friday night’s concert when she had mentioned she knew someone who would love to see them live.
vibes Dean was sending out. “I’m serious. I’m no saint. We both know that. I’m also not looking a gift horse in the mouth, so, you know what? Never mind. Forget I mentioned it.”
“Is this about my being happy or you missing Jess?”
“Yeah, I did. It’s not too deep, so there shouldn’t be a scar.”
His body fit to burst, Dean pulled his angel off him and connected their mouths in a sloppy yet passionate style. Castiel wasn’t the only one drunk on his lover. That light, clean yet earthy scent had insinuated itself into Dean’s senses ensuring he would never forget what his angel smelled like. He was obsessed with it and relieved to know he could breathe in Castiel whenever he wanted. The weight that had been sitting on his heart for so long had been finally cast off. Dean couldn’t remember the last time he felt this connected to anyone. Had he ever? Lisa had been the closest. This was different and so right.
He brushed his lips over Dean’s, then claimed that mouth as his own. Again, he pressed Dean’s body against his with one hand on the small of his back and the other between his shoulder blades to ensure Dean didn’t try to escape. Cas licked his way inside and Dean submitted happily. There was a hunger there that hadn’t been allowed to be unleashed earlier. It was as though once they had admitted their feelings, they had given themselves permission to give into them.
"The Darkness......I thought that was just a Sunday school story.  I wasn't quite around when my brothers and father defeated it.  I, along with many of my brothers and sisters, were created as a part of the light that was to shine down and watch our father's creation.  We weren't told much about what was before and Gabriel, Michael and Lucifer were not exactly forthcoming with the details," Cas mused. "Can we meet at the bunker?"
But he felt it best to wait until they both had clothes on.
"Then why don't you," Cas sipped his milkshake.
"Are you okay, Dean?" Cas groaned.
He stood at the bottom of the stairs nervously.
"I know, Dean. But something doesn't feel quite right. I don't feel exactly like an angel anymore.  And I'm hungry."
"I felt it was a more fitting moniker," Cas smiled.
Dean pressed the end call button.
Dean jumped out of the car and ran around it.
Suddenly, Cas's eyes shot open and he sat up in a cold sweat, waking Dean in the process.
Dean froze, turning his head to look at Cas, "What?"
"Cas?" he called. "Castiel!  Cas, are you in here!"
He missed that dumb angel.
"Then why wouldn't you be good at sex with me?"
"No, Cas," Dean organized the meat and veggies in the fridge. "It's about sex or something."
"Dean, are you still asleep?  Are you dreaming?"
Dean wasn't even halfway done his first beer when he set it down and started hopping over to his angel.  Without a word, he plucked Castiel's beer from his hand and set it beside his.
He walked to the fridge and peaked inside.  He still wasn't a very good cook, and they didn't have much food, hence why Dean was out.
Sam and Eileen were on a hunt and Dean was out getting groceries for the next week.
Cas smiled, "I am aware that if we were a couple today would be an important day.  Usually celebrated with dinner, or flowers, or cards...or...pancakes...."
"Um, since when do you buy flowers, Dean?" Sam scoffed.
Suddenly, Cas stirred and the shaking stopped.  The Empty went quiet.
"Cas is this really you?" Dean whispered into the phone, as a tear rolled down his cheek. "Because if it's not, I, I, I don't know what I'd do."
"Dean. It's me. I'm in a barn," Cas's voice coughed. "I think it's the barn we met."
"I love you, too, Dean," Cas kissed the green eyed hunter back. "You know I'll go anywhere with you."
"I'll think of something." Cas got out of the car, stared at Cain's simple looking house.
The two men stood there, in the dimly lit library/lounge area of the bunker, holding on to each other and staring to each other's eyes.
"Your brother doesn't need to pray to me for me to hear it.  I can pick up on a longing, on an emotion.  From anyone, actually, but it's stronger with him because of our profound bond.  Get dressed.  I'll meet you at my car."
Cas shyly smiled as he followed behind the hunter.
“Well, congrats, man.  He hasn’t listened to me when I suggested a break,” Sam smiled, generally impressed by Cas’s good fortune.
“Of course not!” Dean barked, finally looking up. “Of course I don’t, but Can said I was living his life in reverse.  He said I’d kill Crowley, which, let’s face it, that would probably be enjoyable; then I would kill you, then I’d kill Sam.  I can’t kill you and Sam.  I can’t.  I couldn’t live with myself if I was the one to end your lives.  If not killing you means Crowley lives, too, then the son of a bitch lives.  I can’t become like Cain, Cas.  I can’t do it.”
Sam, Bobby and Beth, on their journey back to the bunker, find Kevin grocery shopping and trying to return to the "normal" life that prophethood stole from him.
Dean gulped, turned around and head back to the front door.
Three: Beers. There must be beers.
Cas smiled as he took off his trenchcoat and threw it onto the floor, "Of course."
"Dean," Cas tried reaching out for the hunter.
"I was drunk and we had no rules yet!" Dean crossed his arms in defiance. "You good with the rules, Cas?"
Didn't want to leave
Cas swallowed hard, “Do you want to kill me, Dean?”
Dean pushed off Cas's blazer and picked at his shirt buttons.  Cas started pushing down Dean's pants.
"I don't know, Dean.  I don't know if what you and I have is the same as what Cain and Colette had.  But what I do know is that I would do anything for you.  I have done anything for you.  I rebelled for you.  Time and time again. I have saved you and been saved by you.  When I hear your voice, I am instantly calm.  When I see your face, I feel happiness. I can't say that I am your Colette, but what I can say is that I need you like you need me.  If anything happened to you, Dean, I honestly don't know what I would do.  I was beyond devastated when Metatron told me that you were dead.  I don't know what it is that I feel for you, but whatever it is I like it.  If someone wants to say that that's love, then, fine, I love you.  I will do whatever it takes to make sure you feel human again.  To make sure you are human again.  You deserve to be saved, Dean Winchester.  You deserve happiness.  I want to see you smile again."
Cooking any meal turned into kitchen sex.
"I love you so much, angel," Dean pressed his lips to Castiel's again. "So fucking much!"
"Noooo..." Dean fained, pulling his tshirt down to try and cover his underwear.
In the middle of the darkest region of a deep forest, a rustling can be heard behind one of the bushes.
Dean grabbed the back of Cas's neck and Cas grabbed Dean's face as they started to kiss again.  Dean wrapped his legs around Cas's legs.
Dean begrudgingly sat up and threw his legs over the side of his bed, "Fine!  But we're showering together!"
"I'm hungry, Dean.  We should probably go find some breakfast," Cas kissed the top of Dean's head and rubbed his bicep gently.
Sam shakes his head no as Beast reaches into his vest pocket and grabs one, handing it to Dean, letting his hand graze Dean's fingers.
The two lost souls started off down the dirt road, looking for any sign of civilization.
It's so hard for me to breathe
The two started grooving to the beat.
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's body, tightly, "I just don't want to ever lose you again. I can't lose you again, Dean."
"It was beautiful," Cas smiled, getting up beside Dean and placing his left hand onto Dean's chest.
"Haven't yet, but there is a pie festival in Ohio.  We could check that out," Sam watched his brother pass him.
Sam flew into Cas's side and back into the door.
Dean looked at the screen. It read "Cas" again.  Finally curious about what was going on, Dean pressed the green talk button and place the phone to his ear.
"No, I don't need you for that.  Well, I do, but this isn't about that," Cas sighed as he stepped a little closer. "I need you.  I simply need you.  When I'm not with you there's something missing inside of me.  I can't explain it.  At first I thought it was hunger, but no amount of food makes it go away.  Nothing makes it go away.  Except for your presence."
Shyly smiling as he rings up Dean's order the cashier simply responds with a "Good. You?"
Sam woke up in the middle of a vast, empty field, staring at the pitch black sky.
"Really?  That easy?" Dean was puzzled.  He expected a fight.
Remembering that his brother and future sister in law were right there, stood straight up, arm still around Cas's shoulders, "Uh, yeah. Well, when one dude tells another dude he loves him, you have to reciprocate.  You have to say it back."
"Cancel the pie fest, Sammy!  I'm going to Illinois!" Dean yelled as he climbed the stairs.
"We have a whole garage full of cars, Cas. We'll just take one of them," Sam reminded, pointing back at the bunker.
There was a rumble all throughout the Empty.  Like a 9.6 Earthquake.
As the awkwardly cute couple walks to a table, Cas stares at the back of a familiar shaggy head, "Sam?"
It was coming from the kitchen.
"God, why did I ever agree to get that stupid thing on my arm?  How could I be so stupid?" Dean hunched over the table, angry at himself.
Two: Dean picks the music.
Dean looked at his watch. 6:02.  No one was here yet.
Throwing on his jacket and shoving his feet into his shoes, he grabbed his car keys and headed toward the door.
"Um....what?" Sam started buttoning up his shirt. "How?"
"We're not?" Cas furrowed his brow and stared into the green of Dean's eyes. "There are two of us. A couple is two.  We dance without pants and cuddle and kiss.  Isn't that what couples do?"
"Okay, sit tight.  We're going to walk home and figure out what happened," Dean soothed.
Dean lowers his face and softly kisses Cas's bulge.
"Honey!  I'm home!" Dean called out dorkily.
Dean leaned in and softly kissed Cas on the lips, "I did."
"She's cute, Sam," Dean winked and patted his brother on the shoulder as he turned back to head into the cafe. "C'mon, Cas!  Let's try their pancakes."
Cas spun Dean around until the two men were face to face, "You told me twice you needed me.  I didn't realize it then, but I need you too."
“Two hours, Dean.  Just two hours of relaxation.  Two hours to rest your brain,” Cas pleaded.
Dean turned off the shower, wrapped a towel around his waist, handing a spare towel to Cas, and opened the door as Cas was wrapping the towel around his own waist, "Sorry, Sammy.  Got a little carried away.  You know how it is. Come on, Cas!  Naked time in my room!"
"Fuck!  I fucking love you, Cas! I fucking need you! Fuck! I'm gonna explode!"
"Dean," Cas jumped and grabbed Dean's shoulders.
Finally, just at dusk, Dean found the barn. He pulled the Impala up to the barn doors and got out.
"Sam....the car....where is my car?" Dean let the beer fall to the ground as he began to hyperventilate.
Dean swallowed as he continued to stare into Castiel's eyes.  He coughed as he straightened up and adjust his shoulders, "Okay, well, let's get back to the bunker than."
"Dean," Cas started but was interrupted by Dean.
"Dean," Cas spoke softly. "I belong here.  I made a deal to save Jack.  I am supposed to be here."
Dean kissed Cas softly, "I love you so much, angel."
Cas walked towards to the kitchen.
Cas brought Dean to his bed and laid him down.  As he started to walk back towards the door, he heard Dean make a noise.
The mark throbbed with intensity, the urges were growing stronger.
The angel made his way outside, Crowley following closely behind.
Dean plugs his phone into his loudspeakers, opens up Spotify and scrolls to his "Chick Flick Moments" playlist.
"Worse than me," Cas stood back up straight. "We should shower."
Sam was out getting groceries, which meant that he was not hovering over Dean, asking him every ten minutes if he feels fine.
"You'd give it to me.  I'd keep it.  Got no use for it here, but it might be a nice trinket for my collection," the Empty smirked.
"Dean. I don't think it will be that easy."
“Do I feel fine?  Well, I don’t feel like killing anybody right now, so yeah, I guess I feel fine,” he had snapped just before Sam left.
"Welcome home, Cas!" Dean walked behind Cas down the stairs, his left hand on Cas's shoulder, gently guiding him.
"Have you ever changed the oil on a car? Looked under the hood?" Dean winked.
"Mmmm...Okay, okay, I'm up!" Dean slowly rolled over onto his back, reaching for his phone to check the time. "Seven am? Dammit, Miracle!"
Dean cried as he cupped the angel's face in his hands, "You can have all of me."
Cas smiled and put his hand on Dean's shoulder, "So, today is our anniversary?"
"Yes.  They arrived at five thirty and I needed to set everything up before everyone arrived," Dean walked over to Cas, grabbing his tie with his left hand and cupping his face in his right. "This whole night is a celebration for you. For us."
"A bar? Where would we open a bar, Dean?"
"Oh," Cas took another sip from his milkshake. "Dean, why haven't we had sex yet?"
Without caring what other people might think, Dean pulled the angel into a big bear hug.
"Just pray to Jack.  He may have said he wants to be hands off, but you're his dad!  I'm sure he'll give you back your full grace!" Dean smiled.
"Yeah.  I think Dean thinks I'll think less of him, but he's my big brother.  He practically raised me.  I could never think less of him.  All I want is for him to be happy, and Cas makes him happy."
"Dancing," Castiel said matter of factly.
Dean paused abruptly and turned around, "Um, you know, I, I, I really don't want to be alone tonight. D-Did you want to, um, watch over me?  There's a chair in my room you could sit on."
"But, if I hadn't have tricked Sam like this, then Kevin would still be alive right now.  Because of me and my selfishness he's dead," Dean covered his face with his hands to keep the angel from seeing him cry.
Cas, confused, but no longer growling and regaining his agency, also stared at his blade.
Dean spun around to see Cas slit his throat and his grace flow out, encircling the Empty's chair.
His Dean.
Dean spun back around, "History is not repeating itself!  You killed your brother, I didn't kill mine.  You had Colette, I have no one."
"I'm sorry, Dean," he whispered. "I let you down and I'm sorry."
It wasn’t just a simple “thanks for the beer”it was a “thanks for not giving up on me.”  But he would never actually say those words.
Dean sped his way to Pontiac, Illinois.  The nine hour trip took him 8 hours.
"Sorry, but Cain's is just up ahead.  Dean is already there."
Dean turned around, heading for the door.
Dean ran his left hand through Cas's hair as his right hand caressed Cas's cheek.
Dean wiped a tear from his cheek with the back of his hand.
Dean gulped, "I know, Cas. I know."
"Uh huh," Dean sat back, basically on Castiel's thighs, and started undoing Cas's tie and the buttons on his shirt. "I've wanted you for awhile, too, Cas. I just didn't think you would be capable of fully understanding human emotions or love me like that."
Cas and Dean both walk into the Bunker, pushing a reluctant, and handcuffed, King of Hell.
"I did. Isn't that song about milkshakes?" Cas watched Dean put the food away.
His brother was nowhere in sight.
"You're my friend, Dean, and I believe this is what friends do, be with each other in times of grief and sadness.  I will be there tomorrow morning," Cas had spoke calmly, but firmly.
"Cas!" Dean cried. "Cas! Cas, I'm so glad your here!  I've been praying to you every day!"
It's 'cause you took my breath away
Cas stroked Dean's hand that was squeezing his middle,"Yes, Dean?"
"Who?  Because the last woman I was seriously involved with doesn't even remember my name," Dean crossed his arms.
"I thought I was alone.  I forgot you were in the library," Dean muttered. "I'll just be in my room."
Cas took out his phone, “In your room watching GoT.”
It wasn't easy, but Dean had discovered a spell that would let him enter the Empty for one hour and take him to Castiel.
The two made eye contact.
Cas narrowed his eyes, "I have never seen you dance before, Dean."
"Dean?  I was drinking that," Cas looked confused.
"Heya, Sammy! Hey!  Eileen! Welcome back!" Dean grinned in surprise at the sight of Eileen. "Yes, Sammy.  Cas is back. That's where I went."
"But you said you can still feel your grace," Dean furrowed his brow and grabbed Castiel's hands in his, not giving two shits who saw.
Dean takes Miracle's leash off as soon as he closes the door behind him and the dog speeds down the stares.
"Fine, don't believe me, but he's gonna die," Cain put his hands behind his head and leaned back in his chair. "As long as you have the mark, he's gonna die."
"I know," Dean winked. "But I want to know what this is like when I'm sober."
"I wasn't.  It was a slip.  Hands brushed," Dean sputtered. Leaning against the car, feeling like he's having a panic attack.
After tying it around Cas's neck and adjusting his collar, Dean stood back once again.
"Yes, Cas," Dean pushed down his own pants with his right hand and a bit of a wiggle. "I have never been so fucking sure of anything in my entire life."
Cas gripped the steering wheel for one last, sharp left turn.
"Shut up, Cain!  No one cares about your trip down memory lane!" Dean snapped.
"Cas!  Wake up!" Dean shook his angel. "I've got to get you out of here!"
"Cas," Dean gulped.
Dean stood there in silence for a moment before turning around and going after him.
Finally the smoke cleared and Dean sat alone.
"Shut up, Sam.  We're gonna grab some burgers and talk," Dean barked as he opened the impala door.
Dean, breathing deeply, looked up into Cas's eyes, "It really was, Cas. It was very beautiful."
"Just watching history repeat itself, that's all," Cain crossed his arms and leaned back in his chair. "Kind of wish I had some popcorn, actually."
"Now, where have I heard this before?  Oh....right....Colette," Cain still hadn't wiped his sly smirk from his face.
Night turned to day.
Sweating, Dean muttered, still looking down at the CD player, "Uh....yeah. Yeah."
Cas especially liked it when they snuggled in bed in the wee hours of the morning, and Dean would mumble, half asleep still, "I love you, my angel."
Cas swallowed, "Uh, I don't really know."
"Get dressed!  I'm going to take you, my, my boyfriend out for breakfast!" Dean smiled as he marched towards his room. "My boyfriend.  Dean Winchester has a boyfriend.  HA!"
Dean held Castiel's hand up for them to see the silver band around the angel's finger.
"What if the Empty takes me again?" Cas panicked. "What if one day, when I'm even happier than I am now, it comes for me again?"
After the bunker door was closed, and Cas outside, Dean ran to the bathroom to take a quick 5 minute shower.
Dean had sent Cas out to walk Miracle after he dressed him in a navy blue dress shirt that Dean can't even remember getting, let alone wearing, and fitted black trousers that Dean remarked on how good they made Castiel's ass look.
The often had the bunker all to themselves, with Miracle, because Sam was usually at Eileen's.
"I can.  My grace is still here, but it's not strong at all.  I don't know if it will charge back up now that I am out of the empty, or if it will just go away."
"For needing me," Dean, smiling, put the car in drive and backed out of the driveway. "For needing me like I need you."
Dean's phone starts ring in his pocket.
"Yes. I can tell by all the symbols on the walls," Cas breathed. "I've buried myself under some hay. Please get here quickly!"
"You should be growling," Crowley straightened himself up.
No air, air
He wanted to be numb.
"I don't think I am quite human," Cas breathed in between kisses. "I can still feel my grace.  But it's weak. And it's getting weaker by the minute."
It all started out innocently enough.
Dean looks down at his hand, still wrapped around Cas's.  He quickly lets go and exists the restaurant.
The early morning sunlight trickled through the cracks in the walls of the barn.
Dean would catch himself staring at Castiel, when Sam was present. Dean wanted to tell his brother, mainly so he and Cas could stop hiding and he could just plant one on Cas in the middle of a research session.
There was a flash of light and everything went dark.
The met when they both reached for the same copy of History of American Law book.
Dean smiled, practically skipping around to the driver's side and climbing into his seat.  He put the key into the ignition, started the engine and peeled his way out of the parking lot.
"What the hell, Cas?" Sam straightened up.
"Of course I love you!" Dean cried. "Why wouldn't I love you? We've been through so much together.  My life isn't complete without you in it. You can have happiness, Cas.  You can have me."
Minutes later, when a faint light silhouetted the pair, Crowley opened his eyes, looking down to see the blade sticking out of his chest.
Cas and Dean find Charlie at an internet cafe.
He wrapped both arms around Cas's shoulders and held him tight to his chest, "I love you so much, Cas."
"For what?" Cas looked puzzled.
"I can pick up on longing the same way I can pick on prayers.  Your longing is always stronger than others', because of our profound bond," Cas explained.
"I can be back at the bunker in a few hours," Dean gritted his teeth. "Bring Crowley.  There's a dungeon with his name on it."
Cas complied as Dean pressed play on the CD player.
"Dean, come on.  Let's go," Sam awkwardly held the door open of the gas and sip as Dean perused the porn magazines.
Dean folded up the sheet of paper and wrote "To Cas" on the outside of it before stuffing it back into his drawer.
His Dean, trying to get rid of the thing that was trying to take him away from him.
"I am.  I'm here to....how's it go?  Grip you tight and raise you from perdition," Dean tearfully smiled as quoted some of the first words his angel ever spoke to him. "I'm sorry I didn't say it sooner, Cas. I'm sorry I just let you go without letting you know how I really felt.  I love you.  Of course I love you!  What makes you think you can't have me?  I want you!  I want you to have me!  I need you!  My life isn't complete without you, Cas. I can't be truly happy knowing that you're trapped in here for eternity.  I need you by my side," Dean focused on Cas's face.
Four: They only ever kiss. No matter how drunk they get. It goes no further than a kiss. And no tongues!
Dean took a deep breath and brought his right hand down to in between their chests, still holding the box, he looked down at it, "You're my best friend, Cas, and I never want to spend another day with you. You're my soulmate. I make me a better person.  For the first time in my miserable life, I'm actually, genuinely happy."
"Probably when I saw you kiss Anna."
Dean turned his attention back to Cas, "Look, buddy, I know you're worried about me, but I can handle this on my own.  I have to take care of this myself.  I don't want you getting hurt."
Dean smiled through his tears, "Heya, Cas."
They were both growing restless for another dance session.
Castiel awkwardly started to bob his head to the music and bounce his knees to the beat.
"We've both done some pretty fucked up things, Cas, but between me getting that damn mark and you and Sam working with Rowena to enact that spell, I think we're all equally to blame for this thing," Dean gripped the steering wheel. "But we'll figure it out.  We'll find Sam and do all the research on the Darkness we can and we'll figure out a way to stop this thing.  Like we always do."
Dean set the ice cream down in his night table and cracked open the wine, gulping as much as he could.
That's how I feel whenever you ain't there
Dean dropped the sack of potatoes on the floor, "What?"
The chorus hit Cas hard.
These feelings were something he had had for as long as he could remember.  Even before Cas burst through those barn doors, he had occasionally caught himself staring at an attractive man a little too long.  But he dismissed those thoughts and feelings and continued to act on his feelings for women.
He presses on "no Air" and selects repeat.
"Because dudes tend to only dance with other dudes if they're Fucking them.  Especially if both dudes are only wearing underwear," Dean explained.
"Wait? What?" Eileen stepped forward, signing her disbelief. "Cas, you told Dean you loved him?"
Dean wakes up the morning after his first dance session with Cas, a little groggy from the beers, but pretty happy.
He hadn't even looked at a law textbook since 2005, but maybe it was time.
Chapter to be continued.....writer's block is a bitch
He texted Sam for him and Eileen to show up to the bunker for about 6....and to bring a couple bottles of wine and some vanilla ice cream.
"Dean, are you intoxicated?" Castiel walked towards the tipsy hunter.
The thick, black smoke shook and rattled the Impala as it engulfed the car's frame.
Dean, who was rolling out the dough for the pie, and had flour on the tip of his nose and his forehead, looked up and smiled, "I'm making us dinner!  Sam and Eileen will bring the wine. And then we will tell them that we're engaged! HA! I'm engaged before Sammy! HA! Never thought I would see the day!"
"Dean," Cas cupped Dean's face in his right hand. "I could never stop loving you. I have loved you for 12 years.  I'm yours for eternity."
"Demon?  Smoke?  You sure you didn't hit your head?" the girl slowly started backing away.
"You should probably tell him that.  Just sit his ass down and be real with him.  Then call me up and the four of us will have a double date.  It will be fun!" Clara grinned, squeezing Sam's hand.
"DEAN!" he called out.  "DEAN!!!"
Dean winced in pain at the thought of his beloved Baby being stripped for parts.
Dean settled in, waiting for his beer, as Cas pressed play and sat down beside him.
"Cas?" Dean gulped.
"Oh, is that what the kids are calling it these days?" Sam smirked.
"Heya, Sammy," Dean walked by him. "You're up early."
Dean didn't want to let Cas out of his sight.
"Dean would like this," Cas smiled as he rested his head in his hands and let the music waft over him.
"I know," Dean smiled. "But, it's kind of a special day today."
"No no no," Dean chuckled as he reached across the table and grabbed the napkin out of Cas's hand and threw in onto the angel's plate. "I just can't believe you're actually here.  How did you even get out of the Empty, Cas?"
All colour drains from Dean's face as he sees the head turn around to reveal its face: his little brother Sammy.
"I knew since you two danced in the garage a month ago.  I see the way you look at him when you think I'm not looking.  Why do you think I leave the bunker so much?"
"Was that an act of homosexuality? The kiss we just shared?" Cas cocked his head in wonder.
“You have to take care of yourself,” Cas interrupted. “You don’t sleep.  You’re drinking too much and your eating habits are worse than before you had the Mark.  If you want to overpower it you have to stay healthy.”
"Uhhhh...no," Dean smirked. "But seriously....fuck that deal. You gave the Empty Billie.  It owes you now."
They went on a case two weeks ago, and instead of researching the case, they had sex in the library.
A tear fell down Dean's left cheek, "Thanks, Sam."
They reached Baby and Dean held the door open for Cas to get in, "After you, sweetheart!"
Sam wasn't an idiot.
“I’m going to wake him and see if I can get him to go lay down in his own bed,” Cas shifted forward and put his left arm around Dean’s back.
Dean stood at the side of the bed for a moment. The small box in his sweaty hands. Did he want to do this the cliche way? Or just climb back under the covers and ask him? Dean decided he would get on top of Cas, straddling his lap, wrapping his arms around the angel's neck, and touching their foreheads together.
The song switched to a slower power ballad and Dean stopped jumping.
“Cas,” Dean groaned. “Stay.”
"I'm good," Cas smiled. "We going to continue dancing or.....?"
"So, what do you mean this is similar to what you and your brother have been fighting since you were kids?  What's
"No....I....," Cas caught the wink and realized what Dean was trying to do. "Would you like to show me?"
Cas kissed Dean back, hard, before standing up on his knees.  He grabbed Dean's hips and lifted the hunter's ass into the air.  Cas stared into Dean's emerald green eyes, glistening in the early morning sunlight, as he thrust himself into Dean.
For real
"We don't need to know where Cain is.  I know where Dean is.  That's enough," Cas paced the room.
"DEAN!" he calls out.
It was three in the morning and the bunker was quiet.
"If I cut out my grace, you'll really let me go?" Cas moved to Dean's side and grabbed his angle blade from inside his trenchcoat sleeve. "Where would I leave my grace?  What would happen to it?"
"Drop your pants," he winked as he, one handedly, dropped his own.
"Because, Dean," Cas interrupted. "If it was an act of homosexuality, than I am totally okay with that."
"I want you inside of me first," Dean breathed heavily. "I need you inside of me, Cas."
"You tried that and he left the bunker," Sam reminded.
"Cas?" Dean whispers as he stares at the screen and presses the end call button. "I know it's not you."
Dean turned to glare at Cain, "Colette?  Your lover?  What does that have to do with this?"
Having his arms wrapped around Castiel's shoulders, or being the one engulfed by another man's body, was comforting.  He felt safe and happy.  A feeling he quite liked and had never really ever felt before.
"Yes.  That is what I am saying," Dean started leading Cas to his bedroom. "Come on, Cas."
“Thanks,” Dean smiled, slightly, as he took a sip of beer.
Dean gulped, "Will you promise to be with me forever?"
"Hmmm...something's missing," Dean whispered as he stepped back to admire his angel, before going into another drawer and pulling out a black silk tie.
Dean spun around to face Cas, his left arm on the angel's hip, right hand holding his chin, "Nah. That will never be true. You'll always be my angel."
"You never
Dean stood up, clad in his hot dog pyjama pants and a black t-shirt, grabbed Miracle's leash and turned around to snap the leash onto the dog's collar.
One: Sam cannot know about these.
"I saw the guy who stole it," the dark haired man, clad in tight, dark blue jeans, a white muscle shirt and a black leather vest, nodded as he held his hands in his pockets.
It's so hard for me to breathe
Dean kissed Cas hard.
Dean winced, grabbing at the mark, fighting the murderous urges.
"Weak?  Because you like another guy?  Because you like Cas?  Dean, you're my big brother.  You're the strongest man I know.  The bravest.  I could never think you're weak.  I want you to be happy.  If Cas makes you happy, then I want you to be with him," Sam moved beside his brother. "I love you, Dean.  NOthing will ever make me see you as anything less."
"I love you, too, Dean," Cas smiled, putting his hand on the hunter's chest.
"You want you little lap dog back?" The Empty smiled. "Fine. His memories and regrets are pretty loud and they're annoying the shit out of me anyway!"
"The crypt, getting the angel tablet, when you went into the weird trance and tried to kill me.  I said I needed you.  I broke the connection with Naomi, didn't I?"
"Then, then, then will you marry me, Cas?" Dean opened the small box with a flick of his finger as a single tear rolled down his left cheek.
“You’re not like Cain, Dean.  Not at all,” Cas softened his face, sympathetically.  “You could have killed Sam years ago.  Heaven wanted you to.  I told you to.  But you didn’t.  You didn’t then and you won’t now.  You’re a good man.”
"Dean, are you awake?" Cas quietly growled, barely awake himself.
"Relax, I called it into my superiors.  I'm off duty today, but I'm a cop," the man held out his hand. "Officer Beast."
Dean nodded, "Oh. Well, let me know if you find something."
To live alone with just me
Unconsciously, Dean placed his hands on Castiel's hips, "I'd like that, Cas.  I'd like that very much."
Dean had sighed, "Thanks."
Four: They only ever kiss. No matter how drunk they get. It goes no further than a kiss.  And no tongues!
"We followed your trail of longing," Sam piped up.
Cas raised his blade to his throat, "Okay.  It's a deal."
"Pretty good actually," Dean grinned.
"Okay. Maybe we could do this whole no pants dancing thing again. But we have to lay down some ground rules," Dean straightened up and puffed out his chest. "One: Sam cannot know about these. Two: I pick the music. Three: beers. We need beers. Four: we only ever kiss. No matter how drunk we get. It goes no further than a kiss.  And no tongues!"
Dean stood in front of Cas and held the angel's head in his hands, tilting it up to make eye contact with him, "Tonight is the first night of the rest of my life.  The rest of OUR lives."
"Dean?" Cas looked down at the bowl and then back to the back of the hunter's head. "Are you okay?"
"You'll see!  You'll see when I bring him home!" Dean smiled as he exited the bunker.
"Why was I trying to kill you?" Cas furrowed his brow. "Besides it being a really good idea."
He cried himself to sleep that night.
Sometimes he and Eileen would joing the boys on hunts, sometimes they would sit them out. Sometimes Sam and Eileen would tackle their own cases, while he and Dean tackled another case.
A shower that would normally take Dean a quick 5 minutes, turned into an hour long sexcapade and only stopped because they heard Sam banging on the door.
Sam and Eileen stood there in shock.
"Yes. And I had the keys, but, but it's not here!" Dean could sense the panic in Castiel's voice.
"Just peachy," Sam clutched his stomach.
"Yup."
Cas walked to the bus station, bought a ticket and got onto the bus that would lead him to Dean.  Dean needed him, and he knew that, even though he had a grace again, he needed Dean.  But his problems didn't matter right now, his friend was hurting.  A tear rolled down the angel's cheek as he thought about Kevin, about how it was Sam's hand that had caused his death, about how it wasn't even really Sam.  Cas knew that Dean would be beating himself up, thinking it was all his fault, how if he had not let that angel enter Sam Kevin would still be alive.  Cas understood Dean's motives, though, that he did what he had to do.  He just wwanted to get back to the hunter, tell him that they'd figure something out and get Sam back.  He just wanted to be back with Dean.
With his right hand he grabs his phone and stares at the screen.
"Dean?" Cas was standing a few feet behind Dean, with a worried look on his face. "Where are you going?"
"Yes, Dean," Cas sighed as he watched the hunter dig through his dresser drawers. "What are you doing?"
"Of course, Dean.  I'm not going anywhere."
Got me out here in the water, so deep
Both Dean and Cas stared at the younger Winchester.
"Well, I really am tired, so I should get to bed," Dean dropped his hands and stepped backwards, out of Castiel's reach. "Goodnight, Cas."
The Rules
"So, what exactly is your plan?"
Now, Cas listened as Jody gave her official welcome speech, only half listening as he scanned the crowd. He knew who he was looking for without consciously being aware of it. When he found Dean standing off to the side of the stage watching the proceedings with Sam and Bobby, Cas grinned. His chest felt tight and warmth filled him as he observed Dean until Jody wrapped up and the square went dark.
Dean! Jack told me about you. He wouldn’t shut up about that night in Minneapolis.” She not so subtly darted her gaze between the two men. “I get it now.”
. Cas may not give you a third chance.”
“Man, I am right there with you,” Dean had told him. “When was the last time we
*********
Dean watched John for a minute before the suite took on a claustrophobic atmosphere. He needed to get the hell out of here. Any longer and the room might start to spin, followed by him meeting the floor. Nope. Not happening.
Eyebrow raised, Dean knew this gesture meant Cas was horny. He tended to become rather tactile when he wanted sex. Cas had to spell it out for him the first couple times he got this way, but Dean was a quick study and learned the telltale signs. In truth, he was always horny for Cas, but when his lover got this way, it meant Cas was in an experimental mood.
A barking laugh tore out of Dean. “I won’t say a word. Promise.”
John stepped over to his first born and looked him square in the eye. They were the same height at six-foot-one. Despite the gray highlighting his black hair and taking over his beard, John did not behave like you would expect a man in his mid-sixties. He was tenacious and passionate … and unafraid to take on a man half his age.
They high-fived and Jody pushed open the swinging door that led to the dining room.
“What do you want to do to me tonight, Dean?” Castiel’s voice was low and husky. That growl purred in Dean’s ear and fuck it was doing so many things to his body he might die right there.
“You could have stayed home, old man. Watch the concert on your computer. Come Christmas, we would have just done another video call. Save everyone a lot of heartache.”
Pride flooded Cas’ features. “I see it, too. I chalk it up to a mix of nature and nurture. There’s so much Kelly in him. In his phrasing. His gestures. The way he looks at me sometimes when I’m being obstinate or obtuse. It’s breathtaking how much he reminds me of her.
His head sorted, Cas got back to work. The rest of the day was spent putting out metaphorical fires; the ones that always seemed to occur right before a major event. Nothing too difficult, though it was taxing on his nerves and spiked his anxiety levels. He knew he shouldn’t let it affect him as it was better for these incidents to happen now and not once the festival commenced.
“The hell?”
“Yeah, I got him. He’s a little worn out and in desperate need of a laundromat, but he’s fine. Go back to sleep.”
“I’ll meet you in the bedroom. Rope and blindfold in the bottom goody drawer on my side?”
Or at least what was left of them.
“Please,” Dean snorted. “Sammy’s allergic to fun.”
“There’s still time. It’s a slow process.”
“Well, most people live in the area, so they’ll just drive home after the concert. Then, there are those who will take a red eye back so they can still be home in time to celebrate. However, we don’t neglect those who stick around,” Cas explained.
“Fucking Primrose Path? Are you kidding me?!”
“Dean, you can stay over whenever you want. Aren’t you tired of sleeping alone? I know I am.”
When Dean had played back this conversation in his head later that night, he made sure to omit the
Having found the key to the handcuffs as it lay on the floor next to one of the minions, Sam tossed it to Dean and tore out in pursuit. Seconds later, Dean and Castiel split up after the angel assured his friend he was healed and good to go.
“Sorry.”
“I thought we were being literal with our nicknames.” Castiel’s brow furrowed.
“You are so grounded,” Dean teased.
What the fuck was he saying?!
“Thank you,” he whispered.
God, they seemed compatible in every way. So why was he freaking out so much?
Not just because Hot Dad was a fan.
Seeing the lust on the other man’s face, Dean had nodded knowing Cas would understand. As soon as Dean took all of him, Cas had started thrusting. Fuck. He loved the way that cock hit the back of his mouth. Thank God, he didn’t have much of a gag reflex. No sooner had he thought that he choked, but was quick enough to adjust without having to stop. The sounds that had come from Cas had been magical and watching him dissolve before Dean while he literally had him by the balls (Dean gave them a squeeze and a tug, loving the effect they had on his lover) had been everything.
Guess he had followed her advice, after all.
Dean shot him a look.
At home, Jack went straight upstairs to his bed after telling his father and Dean good night. Cas locked the back door as they had entered through the mud room into the kitchen, and double-checked the front door was secure. He found Dean staring up at the brightly lit and fully decorated Christmas tree in the darkened living room with his hands in the pockets of his charcoal tailored trousers.
He leaned in, capturing Cas’ mouth in a way that was not for all ages. Dean kept it brief though as a scolding from the purity police was the last thing he needed. Small towns, big cities, it didn’t matter. Having someone come at you for being other was one of the worst things to experience. Something he knew well from his travels and hoped Cas had never had to go through it.
Dean raised an eyebrow. He reached into the pocket of his jeans, pulling out his phone. Checking his messages, he pulled a face. “Actually I did. I just didn’t hit the send button properly. Apparently.”
"What?" Dean shot up. "What do you mean he's gonna die?"
Dean grabs the receipt out of his bag, "Anyone have a pen?"
"Colette died.  I thought I was killing Abbaddon, but killed my sweet Colette instead."
"Thank you, Dean, but I still remember how to open a car door," Cas gruffed.
"Look, you wanted Billie.  He delivered her to you.  You owe him!" Dean barked. "He sacrificed his life to save me and give you Billie to torture for eternity!  Now you give him back to me!"
No air, air
"We have ice cream!" Cas smiled, remembering the strawberry ice cream in the freezer. "I think I will make myself a milkshake."
What Dean was keeping secret was that Cas was the one dude he actually would like to fuck.  He'd dreamed and fantasized about it, but now, now that he may actually have an opportunity to make that dream come true, he was chickening out.
Sometimes they would just take it easy, sleeping in, cuddled up together in their bed.
"I'm happy, too, Dean," Cas put his right hand on Dean's cheek and smiled.
Cas smiled and stole a kiss before grabbing Miracle's leash & Miracle.
"Where do we begin?" Dean asked.
"We don't even know where Cain is," Sam groggily sat up.
"That's fine.  There is a garage full of fine ass cars to choose from," Dean grinned as he took off his robe and threw on his jeans and plaid shirt.
He was nursing his sixth beer and running on two hours of sleep.
Sam stopped suddenly, put his arm out in front of Beth.
Dean looked over at the cd player and down at his beer, "Dancing?"
He stroked Cas's face with his right hand, "Okay, angel. We'll go get breakfast. But not just yet."
"They're for Cas," Dean smiled, eyes transfixed on his blue eyed angel who was bringing up the rear. "All this is for Cas."
"Over here, Dean!" Cas barked, his voice was courser than usual, and waicing his arm in the air.
Dean was sitting behind the wheel of his precious, healed baby, as Cas focused on the road from the passenger seat.
Miracle started licking Dean's face, excitedly, again.
"Cas, I have an important question to ask you," Dean swallowed hard after kissing Cas gently.
Cas rushed out of Sam's room and out to his pimp mobile.
He was not going to admit the angel was right, but it did feel remarkably good to not be focusing on the written word.
Dean reluctantly shook the officer's hand.
As Cas stands up, Dean plants a kiss on his lips.  He doesn't care who sees.  It's 2015 and he's happy.  He's found something he never thought he would have.  He grabs Cas's hand and they walk into the cafe.
Sam smiled as he threw his arm around Eileen, "That's great, Dean. You deserve that.  More than anyone, but you've been a hunter since you were four.  You really think you can just give it up cold turkey?  You struggled with that when you were with Lisa."
"Then you are not gay, Dean," Castiel put his hands on Dean's waist. "We're just an angel and a hunter. A couple of dudes who like doing stuff together and enjoy each other's company and kisses."
Dean had taken the opportunity of no Sam in the bunker this morning, to make his special blueberry pancakes for Cas.
Movie night's in the Dean cave turned into makeout sessions.
He was watching The Golden Girls for the third time since being possessed by Lucifer.
Cas followed, smiling awkwardly at Sam as he passed, "Coming, Dean."
Crowley rolled his eyes, "Semantics."
Dean coughed out a small laugh.
A couple minutes later the door opened and Sam, Eileen, Cas and Miracle all came smiling in.
Standing outside by the cars, Dean nodded at the MOL's car, "Sam, you take that back to the bunker.  Cas, you're coming with me.  I think we need to talk."
"Dean, are you sure?"
"Yeah. But on one condition," The Empty sat back in her chair. "Castiel has to cut out his grace and return to earth as human and useless as you."
Law used to fill him with so much joy and passion.  If Dean could have some joy and passion in his life, then why couldn't he?
Once he finds these, he starts penning a letter, combined with the lyrics of the song he is listening to, to best get his feelings out there:
Cas wrapped his arms around the naked hunter's waist, "You can ask me anything, Dean."
He can hear footsteps running towards him, so he calls out again, hopeful it is his brother, "DEAN!"
"You're really going to retire from hunting?  You can really do that?" Cas questioned.
After settling on a sweet, blue ride from the 1940s, Cas and Sam head out, following Dean's trail of longing.
"I think I can, Cas," Dean smiled. "Now go shower! When you get back I will have something picked out for you to wear."
Right off the ground to float to you
"Mmmm...Cas...how's your grace? Do you still feel it? You're sleeping and eating," Dean leaned his head back and kissed Cas on the cheek.
Cas followed, "I think Sam has the Impala, though."
The pain was intense.
?  Fighting what, exactly?" Beth hurried to keep up with the tall hunter.
Unaware that his angel was watching, boxer brief and black Tshirt clad Dean, took a swig of beer and spun around, eyes closed.
Dean left and made his way to his room, as Cas stood there watching him.
Eventually, Sam fell asleep.
"Beth," the girl warily smiled. "I'm Beth.  If I stay with you, I'll be safe?  You won't kill me or anything?"
"Dean, are you really here?" Cas questioned.  He had seen Dean in his memories and was unsure if this was real.
Cas gripped Dean's left hand, squeezing it tightly as he moved his left arm and grabbed onto Dean's bicep, Dean now gripping Castiel's bicep.
"Dean!  Dean I know you and Cas are in there!  I don't want to know what you're doing, but you're using up all the hot water!"
Cas stood there, staring at the door, for a good few minutes before he rushed down the hall towards Sam's room.
"Cas," Dean spoke into the nape of Cas's neck, as they snuggled in bed one morning.
Buzzed and emotional, Dean sits up and rummages his night table drawer for a pad of paper and a pen.
"What are you afraid of?  Your favourite colour?  Food? What was the last thing you binge watched on Netflix?"
He hadn't had that much fun in his bedroom in a long time, and he kept replaying that kiss over and over in his mind.
“You have read each book one hundred times.  You have not missed anything.  There is no cure.  At least not one that was written about,” Cas motioned to take one of the books away from Dean.
"Then let's move.  Let Sammy and Eileen have this giant bunker. We can move to Florida or California. Open up a roadhouse. We'll live above it. Just you, me and Miracle. No more hunting. Just happiness."
Dean stood up, straightening his bathrobe, "Now, get! Take Miracle for that walk. Don't come back until six.  Sam and Eileen will be getting here around then and I still have a lot to do!"
Dean swallowed, the mark burning with murderous intensity, "I have to get out of here, Cas.  Before I do something that I really regret."
Dean and Cas leave the bunker
Dean, basically laying on top of Cas, smiled, "Really?"
"What?  You parked it in the garage, right?" Dean asked.
"Cas?" Dean rolled onto his back, rubbing his eyes. "What's wrong?"
Dean grabbed at the back of Cas's neck with his left hand, his right hand still on Cas's back, as they kissed, Cas thrust deeper into Dean's ass, hitting his prostate.
"What is it, Dean?" Cas cocked his head slightly. "Is everything okay?"
Castiel reached his arms up and grabbed Dean's biceps, his face still pressed to the hunter's chest, "I love you too, Dean."
Three: Beers. There must be beers.
"Mmmm, no, Cas. I'm awake. And I'm serious. I want to start fresh with you. New place. New job. New life," Dean propped himself up and rolled Cas onto his back, softly touched his face and kissed him. "I love you so much, Cas. More than I have loved anyone in my entire life."
Dean wrapped his arm around his angel's shoulders as the two of them walked into the building.
"Yeah, I decided I'd try to find us a case," Sam looked up and smiled at his brother.
Cas leaned over the hunter and sniffed
"Illinois?  What's in Illinois?" Sam questioned.
Castiel noticed he was the only one flailing in the air and eased to a stop himself, "What is it, Dean?"
Some nights they would even fall asleep on Dean's bed and wake up in each other's arms.  At first, Dean was disgusted that he was spooning with his best friend, but once he thought about it, thought about how good it made him feel, he grew more comfortable with it and even began to long for it.
He tried to get out of the bunker as much as possible so Dean and Cas could be alone.  He'd duck out and go to bars or the library or sometimes he would just drive.
"You okay, Sam?" Cas glanced over at the sickly moose in the passenger seat.
Dean trembled as he walked closer to the angel, putting his hand over Castiel's, "No. I want to dance."
Dean winked as he pressed play.
A minute or two pass before Dean here's a loud gasp on the other end of the phone.
Dean scratched at Cas's shoulder blades as the angel thrust his hard cock into his ass, "Fuck! Mmmm! Not by much."
Cas hugged Dean around his shoulders and threw him over onto his back, kissing him again, "Of course I'll marry you and open a bar with you and spend the rest of our lives together."
"Dean, it is just dancing.  And our underwear is basically just shorts we wear under our clothes.  But if you no longer want to, than I understand," Castiel frowned as he pulled his pants back up and started redoing his belt.
"Yes, now, Dean.  We just shared a moment.  Another moment.  We've had plenty of moments, and if I don't tell you this now, after that moment, I never will," Cas placed both his hands on the sides of Dean's neck, tenderly. "I need you.  I need to be here.  I need you to need me.  I need to help you see yourself the way I see you, the way Sam sees you, the way Kevin saw you.  I need you to see that you're a good person who does what he has to do to make sure that the people around him are taken care of.  Do you make the right decisions?  No."
Cas was driving, because it made it easier to follow Dean's trail.  Sam didn't much care for the angel's driving and wanted to hurl after every sharp turn the car made.
"Yes, Dean."
"Oh, yeah, the Mark is gone.  Death is dead.  Black smoke wrecked my baby and Sam is missing.  So, I'm fine," Dean tried not to let his anger spill out of his mouth. "Death said the Mark was a lock, keeping the darkness chained up.  Why didn't you know about this, Cas?  He said the angels and God fought the darkness."
"And if it weren't for you, I wouldn't have gotten the Mark, meaning your mother would not have had to do the spell, meaning the sun would be shining and Sam wouldn't be missing right now," Dean pushed Crowley into the dungeon. "So, you're going to stay here and help us whenever we need you to."
Their growing intimacy also started making it harder to keep secrets from Sam.
"Let's go!" Cas marched towards the house, Sam following close behind.
Cas looked down at the table, smiled and lightly squeezed Dean's hands before looking back up into his green eyes, "So, we raised God."
When Sam goes on a coffee run, he bumps into Samuel Campbell.
Starring into Dean's eyes deeply, "I don't just want to have sex, Dean.  I want to make love to you. I
Something happened when Dean said those last five words.
"I don't know," Sam helped the girl out of the ditch.
"Cas, baby, I promise, I will protect you," Dean sleepily kissed Castiel's lips.
"Oh!  That kind of milkshake!" Dean laughed as he took a sip. "Mmmmm!  I thought you meant the milkshake in that song."
Miracle was curled up at the foot of Cas and Dean's bed, as the hunter and the angel slept.
"Because the Empty is sitting right behind you," Cas pointed.
Until he met Castiel.
Dean walked over to Cas, grabbing the extra boutonniere and pinning it to the angel's shirt before kissing him, "Someplace we can make our own."
Dean leaned over and softly kissed Cas's lips.
He takes off his hat, wiping the sweat from his brow with the back of his hand, before returning his hat to his head.
Dean and Cas laid entangled in each other and their bed sheets.
Sam is sitting in the library scouring over his laptop and nursing a coffee.
“Cas?  Dean?”  Sam’s voice rang out through the bunker.
"You can take Miracle for a walk at five. A long walk. About an hour long. That's what you can do," Dean smirked. He had something planned for Cas that had to be a surprise.
Dean turned around, searching the angel's eyes, "But we're not a couple."
Now Sam did laugh, "No, no. Edward is fake and
"I always come when you call, Dean," Cas repeated the words he had said a few years before. "Even if you try and protest and it takes me longer to get here."
Can't live, can't breathe with no air
Dean shot him his shy look of agreement before grabbing the CD player and motioning for him to follow.
"It's okay, Dean," Cas placed his hand on Dean's left shoulder, tenderly. "We can always do it later, together."
After the beings were far out of ear shot, Beth asked, "Who...what are they?"
"Why not?  It was that easy getting in here," Dean shrugged.
He slowed down as he got closer to Pontiac, looking for the barn.
"We live in Kansas, Dean."
Dean pulled Castiel's lips to his and ran his left hand up the angel's back to the nape of his neck.
Cas swallowed, "I'm not quite sure. All I remember is I was asleep, reliving my deepest regrets, and the next thing I knew I was in the barn.  Very much not asleep.  And I was extremely cold.  The only time I remember being that cold was back when I was human."
"But how, Dean? If I cut my neck, like Metatron did, who would heal it?  I could use a syringe, like I did with Sam to remove the remaining bit of Gadreel's grace, but I can't do that to myself."
Dean couldn't handle that.
Dean had taken to calling him Angel whenever it was just the two of them.  Cas liked it. A memory of the past.
Dean had already put the CD player and a 6 pack in the bunker's garage.  He grabbed two beers and threw one to Cas.
Dean looked over to see Cain grinning and loudly applauding the pair.
Spinning around to face his younger brother, Dean threw his hands out to the side, "Since I fell in love, Sam!"
"Finding you something to wear tonight," Dean grabbed his favourite dark red shirt before deciding that he wanted Cas in blue. "Something sexy."
Cas motioned for Sam to follow him.
"I'm fine.  I mean, I think I did hit my head, but I'm fine," Sam assured. "Look, if you want to get home, safely, I suggest we stick together.  My name's Sam. and whatever this is, it's similar to what my brother and I have been fighting since we were kids."
Cas thrusted. Dean moaned.
His arm was burning hotter than it had for awhile now.
Cas, laying on top of Dean, put his left hand on top of Dean's chest and Dean slipped the silver hand down over his ring finger.
Cas returned with 2 open beer bottles in hand, “You can have his only if you come with me and watch season two of Game of Thrones.”
Cas didn't realize how much he missed the hunter with whom he shared a profound bond.  All he wanted more than anything was to go out for burgers and beers, and pie, obviously, and talk about everything with Dean.  He wanted to impress Dean with his newly aquired pop culture savviness. Show him that he isn't just a "baby in a trenchcoat".
Dean followed Cas into Sam’s room, where the TV was.  He plopped down of the couch as Cas fumbled with the DVDs.
"I love you, angel. Now and forever."
Castiel dropped his pants again, stepping fully our of them this time.
Dean groaned, "Kind of. But I just want to lay here a bit longer."
Dean had had orgasms before. And he had had many amazing sexual experiences.
Cas knew, though, what he meant, “You’re welcome, Dean.”
**********STAY TUNED**********
"I've understood human emotion for a while, Dean.  And I've known I loved you for a long time."
Dean smirked nervously as he stared into the angel's deep blue eyes.
Dean gulped, "Cas, I, I, I want to make love to you. I do. I have imagined it many times.  You have no idea how many times it's played out in my mind.  Every time I look at you, I have to fight every urge in my body not to grab you and tear your clothes off."
"Gr-graceless?" Dean's eyes darted all over Castiel's face, taking in his expressions. "You want to remove your grace?  You want to be human?"
After that, Dean was much more cautious.  He kept his male attractions to himself and refused to act on them.
Standing back, staring at Dean and Cas, Sam coughed, "So, are you two like a couple now or something?"
Sam would be lying if he said he wasn't at least a little bit scared.
Castiel copied him and before long both men were acting crazy, jumping on the bed like little, excited children.
Dean spun around, batter bowl and ladle in hand, "Making blueberry pancakes. For you, us, for us."
When same sex marriage was legalized, he casually announced his pleasure at breakfast.  Dean tried to brush it off, but Sam caught the quick wink and smile he flashed over at Castiel.
'Cause my world revolves around you
Cas awkwardly hugged the hunter back, he knew he needed this comfort, and, to be honest, it felt good to hug Dean.
"Okay, okay, I'll get up!" Dean sat up and rubbed his face, before grabbing Miracle up and softly hugging him.
Wish there was a way that I can make you understand
More shaking and a loud noise now echoed throughout the Empty.
Each night Cas realized he had been sleeping longer and longer as he felt his grace weaken by the day.
"Yes, Dean?" Cas whispered, barely able to speak any louder.
"Are you good at having sex with women, Dean," Cas turned around to look at the flustered hunter.
"That would defeat the purpose of me getting dressed, Dean.  And you said you wanted me to be dressed up for dinner."
"The handcuffs are not necessary, boys," Crowley snarled. "My mother is partly responsible for this, as well as trying to kill me, so I am willing to put my differences aside, and work with you two, if it means that bitch dies."
Lost in Castiel's eyes, Dean smiled, "No, this time, this time I think I actually can."
Cas glanced over at the hunter, a small smile formed in the corner of his mouth.
As he reached his room, his phone started going off again.
Dean lifted his head in silence.
"Just...grab your hand and say the spell.  Same way I got in," Dean helped Cas to his feet.
Ohh..
Cas smiled, "I'm glad."
Cas grabbed the half empty jug of milk from the fridge and the ice cream carton in the freezer and walked over towards the blender.
"Not now, Cas.  You just saw me cry, that's enough of a chick flick moment for one moment."
Dean put his arm around Castiel's shoulders and the two man locked eyes and smiled.
"Cas.  In. Car. Now," Dean glared at his brother. "We'll be home after we eat."
"Goodnight, Dean," Cas smiled as he watched Dean turn and start off towards his room.
Dean spun around to see his brother and angel standing in the kitchen doorway.
"Cas, I," Dean stumbled forward. "It's not that I don't want to have sex with you.  I do. I just, I just don't know if I'll be any good at it."
"Oh no...." Cas stood there, in perpetual night.
Cas reached across the table and gently placed his hand on top of Dean’s, “Dean, you are not scum.  You can fight this.  You will fight this!  You’re stronger than Cain ever was.”
But when both him and Cas exploded within seconds of each other, and Cas's sweaty body collapsed onto his equally sweaty chest, Dean just knew that this is what sex was supposed to feel like.
Dean realizes he may have went a little overboard, "Just inside right here. I can bring them inside."
Sam realized that he was alone, far away from the Impala and his brother.
Cas chuckled as Dean began undoing his pants, "Dean, are we willing going to do this?  In a barn?"
The two men stayed in that position, just holding each other, for a few minutes, but felt like hours, before Cas rolled off of Dean.
Cas let the rest of the lyrics and melody sink into his brain as he thought of the hunter he had once raised from perdition.
Startled, Dean opened his eyes and stumbled to turn off the music.
Cas continued to thrust and caress Dean's hard penis.
"Clara?" Sam chuckled. "Just some woman I met at the library."
Dean wiped away the tear and gently kissed the angel's cheek, "What if you gave up your grace?  Became human? You're practically human already with how weak your grace is.  Just get rid of it."
"He's your Colette and you two just realized it," Cain clasped his hands together and placed them on the table's surface. "Of course, this probably means he's going to die."
“We may have missed something,” Dean refrained from looking up and meeting Castiel’s worried gaze.
"I fucked up this time, Cas," Dean collapsed on one of the couches. "I really fucked up."
like real vampires at all."
"You kill stuff that parents tell kids is just make believe?  You actually kill the monsters beneath the bed?"
"Monsters, ghosts, demons....everything that you've been told isn't real, well, it's real and we kill it," Sam briefly explained.
"What are you doing?" Dean laughed, taking a swig of his beer.
They opened the door and stepped inside, where they could hear the angry, argumentative tone of the eldest Winchester's voice, bellowing from the kitchen.
The odd pair walked, slowly, out of Sam’s room and down the hall to Dean’s.
He knew Sam was out getting groceries, and this was not his sort of music anyway.
"Dean?" Sam asked, eyes darting between his brother and Cas.
"I know," Cas reached up and took the hunter's face in his hands, forcing him to make eye contact. "I know."
Dean slammed his hand down on the book, preventing Cas from doing so.
Castiel has been top side for two weeks now.  Two glorious weeks living in the bunker with Dean, Sam and Eileen.
Upon reaching his room, Dean collapsed onto his bed, on his back.
Dean ran his hands through Castiel's soft hair, "Shhhh. You're not gonna lose me. We're together and we're gonna stay together.
Dean swallowed hard, "But, if we, if we were a couple then we'd be admitting that we're....that we're....gay..."
He reached into his pocket and took out his phone.  But the screen is cracked and the phone is useless.
Dean locks eyes with the angel, breathes deep, but can't get out any words.
Dean knew that, unless he wished to cause harm to his brother and Cas, he had to get out of the bunker.
"Dean left!" Cas exclaimed, throwing some clothes at a sleeping Sam. "He's headed for Cain.  We have to follow him.  He shouldn't be alone right now."
Dean was in his element in the kitchen, fixing a gourmet feast to celebrate his and Cas's engagement.
Dean saw the angel staring and smiled back, "Thank you, Cas."
Dean slowly ran his left hand up Cas's stomach and chest until he lightly cupped the angel's chin and raised Cas's lips closer to his, "Are you saying you're human now, Cas?"
It was these thoughts that made him head to t.he library in the first place.
"What would we do with my grace, Dean?  Where would we put it?" Cas reached up and grabbed Dean's arms.
She was intelligent and witty.
"Come here, angel," he cheekily smiled and motioned for Cas to come to him.
Dean smiled and leaned in to press his lips onto Castiel's.
Dean laughed at the memory, "Noob."
"Dean, we're not even drunk yet...."
"Thank you, Dean, but I won't be able to fully taste their excellence," Cas walked over to the hunter, stuck his finger into the batter and licked it off. "Tastes like molecules."
With the arrival of Ellen, Jo and Ash, things start looking up and Sam, Dean, and Cas start feeling like The Darkness can be defeated.
"What?" Dean and Cas both exclaimed in unison.
"Metadouche?" Dean laughed.
When they broke the kiss, Dean jumped of the bed and fumbled with the CD player's buttons, trying to stop the CD.
The Empty rolled it's eyes, "I only look like Meg."
Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel's neck, "No.....Cas, we're just a couple of dudes who love each other."
"Castiel, Sam, what a lovely surprise!" Cain smiled behind Dean.
Cas stumbles into the kitchen at noon, wearing nothing but Dean's Scooby Doo boxers, "What are you doing Dean?"
"No, you can't. But I can. Hand me a syringe!  I'll do it right now," Dean smiled as he held Cas's face in his hands.
Dean crept up to the barn and pulled open the doors.
Dean was at a lost for words.  He did want to take their relationship to the next level.  But he was afraid.  He had never had sex with a dude before.  What if he wasn't any good?  What if he didn't do it right?
"That was like 12 years ago," Dean paused.
"Hey, Cas, what happened?" He quietly shouts into the receiver.
"Yeah," Dean gulped and turned back towards the stove, flipping his pancake. "It's, uh, it's been a month since, since our first dance...."
"Babe," Dean sat up and wrapped his arms around his scared angel as he softly kissed his left shoulder. "I won't let that happen."
"What are you doing then?" Cas inquired.
"Delivery for Winchester," the young delivery driver said with almost zero enthusiasm.
Often times he would think about how his life would differ if he had someone to be close with, how his life would differ if Jess were still alive.
No phone, no car, no brother, and a possible new force that has taken over the world.
"Because my mother is a bitch.  A powerful bitch....I mean, witch," Crowley snarked. "Yet, somehow, I live to see another day, and you get your free will back."
"Your Colette?" Cas finished.
"You've had a lot of sex, Dean.  I just thought you would want to have sex with me," Cas took the potatoes from Dean's hands and put all the potaoes in the drawer.
Castiel hung up the phone.
Sam looked down at her, furrowing his brow.
Dean.
"It is?" Cas cocked his head.
His stomach grumbled.  The sensation was still a strange feeling for him, but he enjoyed it.  He knew that this meant he would get to eat and he very much enjoyed eating.
Castiel sat, almost motionless in the kitchen of the bunker in his mind.
Dean blushed, flustered, "Um. Well. I...I..."
"You guys gonna be late or....?" Sam grinned, cheekily.
Cas looked down at the ring on his finger, "That really wasn't a dream then was it?"
Dean straightened up and wiped his face, "Now, who's that chick you were with?"
Cas froze at Dean’s words.  Without a sound, he turned around and pulled a chair closer to the bed.
"Neither have I, Dean."
"What is it, Dean?  Do I have something on my face?" Cas quickly wiped his face with a napkin.
"Cas?  Car are you okay?" Dean worried.
Sam, smiled, "So you just drove all day yesterday, to, Illinois?  Told Cas you loved him back, and are just getting home now?"
Castiel was sitting at the library table, pouring over books that could explain anything about the Darkness to him, when his concentration was disrupted by loud rock music.
Dean shifted, nervously, in his spot.
“Dean,” Cas pulled out a chair and sat down across from the sleep-deprived hunter. “There is nothing you will find in those books that we don’t already know.”
"It's still there, Dean," Cas moved his right hand to hold the front of Dean's neck as he planted a kiss on the hunter's cheek. "But it's growing weaker and weaker every day. I feel that one day, probably within the next few months, it will be completely gone and I will be human."
Cas walks over to Dean, standing behind him, and wraps his arms around his waist, "Not if I kiss you first, Dean."
Sam stumbles forward until he finally reaches a dirt road.
"So where do you want all these?" the kid asked as his partner began to unload several bouquets and wreaths of flowers from the truck.
"If you give me your number, I'll call you when we find it," Beast grinned at Dean before winking at Sam.
He wishes he could shoot his angel a simple "I miss you" text or a stupid prayer, but he knows that's impossible.
"What happens when you die? You'll go to Heaven, but as long as I have my grace, I will be forced to walk the earth without you.  And I don't want to be without you, Dean," a tear fell down Cas's cheek.
Sam shuffles, looking uncomfortably back at the man.
"I didn't think you'd come, Dean. After my confession, I thought, when you didn't answer your phone, that you didn't want anything more to do with me," Cas gulped.
Before Sam could finish his sentence, Dean was on the phone to Cas.
It says "Cas".
"How long?" Dean began kissing Cas's neck and slowly rubbing and caressing the angel's chest.
Dean knew he didn't have long to set up the flowers before Cas got back and Sam and Eileen arrived, so he rushed around the bunker throwing the prettiest bouquet of red and white roses in the centre of the big table, smaller bouquets every 4 steps down from the door, and the 2 wreaths on either end of the table.
The two men hung up their phones without another word uttered.
Cas closed the door behind him and walked over to the side of the bed, "We just spent the night in a barn, Dean.  Don't you think we should take a shower?  Change our clothes? I smell like sex and manure. You smell like..."
"What?" Dean spun around. "No. No. Because we're not gay, dude. I'm not gay. I don't like guys. Not you. A guy. Like that. I like girls. Lots of girls. Big breasts. Breasts. Busty beauties."
"Shut up, Sam. Tonight we need wine."
Dean paused, and turned around, walking towards Cas, "Everything is a big deal, Cas. I'm telling Sam that you and are are engaged. I'm announcing my retirement from hunting. I'm telling Sam and Eileen that you and I are going to open a bar....once we find one."
Cas opened his eyes and rolled onto his back, "Dean?"
Cas would always kiss the hunter's forehead and wrap him tighter in his arms.
No air, air
September was his favourite month for sure!
He heard footsteps behind him.
Dean softly and gently pressed their lips together.
The days and weeks passed Dean and Cas by.  The poured through every book in the library, trying to find someway of saving Sam and expelling Gadriel, but, so far, they've had no luck.
"I wonder if milkshakes really do attract the boys," he smiled as he scoop the ice cream and poured the milk into the blender.
“I told him he could only have another beer if he took a break,” Cas whispered as he watched the sleeping hunter’s chest rise and fall.
"Cas!" Dean cracked a small smile as the angel walked over to him at the bus station. "It's so good to see you, man!"
"Good, because I don't want it back," Cain smiled.
After breakfast, Cas and Dean exited the restaurant and started walking towards the car.  Dean's fingers brushing up against Cas's fingers, but not quite grabbing them.
Dean straddled the angel's waist as Cas reached up and grabbed the hunter's belt loops.
Cas moved down to the floor, kneeled right beside the couch, reached out and grabbed Dean's left hand, pulling it down, "You're the least selfish person I know, Dean.  You did what you had to to save your brother.  You always have and you always will.  This is just who you are."
Dean nods in agreement as he picks up his usual magazine and makes his way to the register, grabbing some beef jerky and a case of beer on his way.
A man stands up, brushing himself off, as he glanced around the woods.
Cas reached down and cupped Dean's balls in his left hand and shaft in his right, "Does this feel good, Dean?"
Sam got out and closed the door behind him, "We going in?"
Castiel's half smile flashed through Dean's brain as Dean gulped down the last of the wine.
“You can have this now,” the angel handed the tired, stressed hunter his beer.
Cas climbed into the passenger side of the Impala, silently staring at Dean.
Dean was enjoying life not under anyone's thumb.  He was finally starting to feel just a little bit of happiness return to him.  He had been applying for jobs in town, started eating just a bit better, cut back on his drinking, and was really thinking about hanging his hunting shoes up for good.  He wanted to make Cas proud, have his sacrifice really mean something.  Every day he prayed to Cas on these walks, told him what he was doing, what he's been thinking.  Every day Dean tells Cas he loves him back.  He knows that Cas can't here him anymore, but needs to say these things out loud.
"I'm fine, Cas.  Relieved, actually.  Like this huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders.  Now we don't have to hide.  Now we can kiss in the library or kitchen.  You don't have to sneak into my room after Sam goes to sleep anymore.  We can be a normal couple," Dean smiled and kissed Cas's cheek. "Well, as normal as a human and angel can get."
Coming Soon
Dean put his hand on Cas's thigh, "I love you, Cas."
He picked up one of the two white rose boutonnieres he bought and pinned it to the left side of his heart.  The other boutonniere was for Cas when he arrived home.
Cas pondered, before realizing it had gotten darker outside, "Was it always this dark?"
"Thanks, man," Dean smiled as they broke apart and Sam hugged Cas and he hugged Eileen. "But that's not the only reason why I wanted to have you guys over for dinner. I'm gonna retire from hunting. We haven't found anything yet, but Cas and I are gonna start looking for someplace to open up a bar. A little apartment above.  Some place near the beach."
"Okay, There we go.  Full House?  Really?" Clara giggled.
"What?" Cas asked, easing Dean into a chair.
Dean and Cas continue their dance sessions, but Dean feels like Sam is going to grow suspicious if he catches them both emerging from his room, so Dean suggests they move their sessions to the garage under the guise of "Mechanic Lessons" for Cas.
While his brother antagonized the older man, Sam watched Bobby react to what Dean said. “I don’t think that’s it, Dean.” He thought for a moment. “Bobby … are you afraid we’re going to abandon you if the band ever breaks up?”
“Maybe if you’re good, I’ll share them with you,” Cas flirted.
True to his word, Dean sought out rental properties in town to find there was only one. There were four houses up for sale, but he didn’t want to spook Cas by getting something one hundred percent permanent though he did wonder if maybe he should at least look at one of them. Whatever he needed to prove to Cas that he was serious about putting down roots in Snow Falls. He had stopped by the real estate office just off Main Street when he had a few minutes on Monday before meeting Sam, Jo, and Bobby for rehearsal ahead of Tuesday’s concert in the park. Bobby normally attended rehearsals when he could, but with so much riding on Scrapyard Dogs’ tenure in town, there was no way he would miss even one this week.
“Good luck getting your deposit back.”
“Does that mean Dean goes to Cas and Jack’s place?” Jessica teased. “He’s basically living there.”
“About damn time,” he huffed, walking away to put a suitable distance between himself and the new couple.
An amused chuckle floated over the line. “You keep telling yourself that. I’m going to try and get some sleep. Phone’s on though. Call me if you hear
Sure enough, within a few months, the mayor’s office had begun fielding calls from publications around the country — some national — looking to learn more about Snow Falls, South Dakota, and its festive holiday celebration. To this day, Jody hated to admit how much that asshole had boosted her town’s economy and put them on the map. It hadn’t helped seeing Cas had once more shut off his heart after such a bruising experience.
“What makes you think I didn’t?”
Kelly would be able to talk sense into him now. She would tell him that first impressions aren’t always representative of the person’s character. That Jody was right in that Dean hadn’t been expecting to see Cas again and that just maybe he had been thinking of Cas, too. With this in mind, he allowed himself the mental respite. He thought back to Minneapolis and those five minutes in the hallway of The Armory, where he had met Dean Winchester.
“Are you teasing me, Cas?”
Sam opened his mouth to say something decidedly not keeping with the Christmas spirit only to be interrupted by Jody’s laughter.
In the kitchen, they turned on only enough lights to get by. Neither wanted to alert anyone to their presence as the mountain lodge was closed for the night. Cas made the turkey and cheese on rye, cutting it diagonally and setting in front of Dean, whose mouth watered at the sight. He didn’t know if he would dream of the awkward man with the dark brown hair, but he hoped like hell he would.
“Let Claire get the door. I want to help!” Jody pleaded with her puppy dog eyes, making the most adorable face that was filled with good intentions.
Dean and Sam would bring in one of their bandmates who graciously had agreed to join them on this gig. The additional members consisted of Jo Harvelle on electric guitar (she stepped in for Sam on bass when Dean slipped behind the drums or hit the stage piano) and Charlie Bradbury on drums. Both women sang backing vocals.
“I will not stand here and watch you drive away our son. Now, we will talk about this civilly. Am I understood?”
No one had ever gifted him a homemade pie before. He didn’t even care what kind. Jack had told him that Cas was a genius in the kitchen, particularly his baking skills. Dean’s mouth watered at the goodness that lay in store for him tonight.
Opening the door wide, she smiled at the trio of men standing on the porch.
He shot her look telling her to zip it, but Dean didn’t say anything to deny that he had all but checked out of his suite.
“‘Celebrate Me Home,’” Mary told him. “Do you know it?”
Walking out of her office with her winter trench coat buttoned up, she extended her hand to Dean, then Sam. “Hope the drive wasn’t too horrible. Savannah, right?”
Was it still considered bisexuality if the person (entity?) you were attracted to was an angel? Or would that fall under pansexuality?
A mistake that would not be repeated when he headed back out on the road next week for a summer concert tour that included Scrapyard Dogs’ annual tradition of headlining the Lawrence, Kansas, Fourth of July celebration. Cas and Jack would be joining him and Sam for five days in their hometown before hitting a few other stops with the brothers as Cas would be taking two weeks off. It had been Dean’s idea for his family to come along, which they loved. A final trip before Jack had to leave for college.
Dean gestured toward Cas, making sure he had at his attention. “Don’t you dare move. I always have time for you.” He glanced at the younger man. “Hey, Jack. You like the backstage tour? Not too lame?”
An entire wordless conversation seemingly played out between them. Cas took that mouth and made it his, licking his way inside and staking his claim as his tongue explored it fully while dancing with Dean’s. Never had he taken control like this. Never had he wanted to, but everything was different with Dean. This went beyond mere attraction. He
Speaking of yesterday, he remembered the spark that jolted through him when their fingers touched as Cas handed him the key card for his room. Had Dean felt it, too? Was that what had caused his flustered reaction? Something similar had happened in Minneapolis. They had shaken hands when a charge of energy shot between them. Their hands stayed connected for a few seconds longer than necessary as did their gaze. When they separated, Cas had felt like he had been unplugged, the extra power leaking from him just as quickly as it had been delivered.
That uncharitable view was tested a couple hours later as he watched Sam with Jack and Cas at the dinner table. Cas had cooked beef stew to knock out the chill brought on by the frigid air outside. It was one of the best recipes Dean had tasted outside of his mother’s kitchen. Seeing Sam’s eyes roll back in his head after that first bite told Dean his brother felt the same. He had three bowls while Sam stopped at two. Dean could see he was tempted to join him for a third, but he restrained himself.
“It’s not that I’m not happy for you, Dean. I am. Truly. I know it’s not fair, but I’ve always felt that when you found your person you would leave the band. Nothing lasts forever, whatever. Yeah, I’m a dick. Made my peace with that a long time ago.”
A sheepish grin spread across his lips. “I did, actually. After Dean took the phone away and scolded me.”
“This afternoon. Hanging the ornaments we selected onto the Winter Festival tree, getting hot chocolate and those frosted sugar cookies you liked so much, and walking through the neighborhood closest to downtown.”
The crowd began counting down from ten. When they reached one, there was a collective gasp as the tree illuminated the space with tens of thousands of twinkling white lights wrapped around the boughs within rows of ornaments selected by the townsfolk and visitors. A huge round of applause, along with a roar of approval from those in attendance, connected everyone in a way only moments like this could.
Jack blushed. “I doubt that. I stand by what I said though. ‘Home’ is such a great song. You said you wrote it about your hometown of Lawrence, Kansas, not about your girlfriend like most have speculated. I love that. More Springsteen than Maroon 5.”
The band laughed. Cas had a nice rosy tint to his cheeks that Dean could just make out from his spot on stage.
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, they’re all fine. My mom is even more excited to meet you after meeting him. You’ve been warned.” He rested his forearms on the top of the desk and leaned in. “You take direction really well, by the way. I’ll have to keep that in mind for later.”
That was a lie. He already didn’t want this to just be a holiday fling. What he wanted was to take the time to get to know Cas. There was so much he didn’t know and couldn't wait to find out. Not just the fun stuff, all of it. Case in point: At dinner tonight, Cas gave a toast to Kelly Kline. He had explained to Dean — and Sam and Bobby — that she was his best friend and Jack’s mother, who had died years ago. Today was her birthday. Dean wanted to know that story: to know about Kelly, their incredible friendship, how Cas came to raise Jack.
Those green eyes widened in shock. “What?! Hell, no! You kidding?! I couldn't believe I got so lucky.”
“I couldn’t agree with you more, Mary.”
And a bit concerned when they immediately disappeared into his brother’s room.
Normally when performing, the brothers would wear dark jeans and layer an open, button-up over a T-shirt. For tonight, they opted for something a little more polished. Dress pants with the shirt tucked in, minus the tee. Jo even wore a sleeveless dress paired with a set of tall boots she loved.
“I think it was.” Dean stood, extending his hand. “I didn’t catch your name.”
“Oh, cut it out, you damn drama queen. It all turned out okay, right? You spent the whole afternoon with him for cryin’ out loud! Now, sit your ass down and tell me about this guy who’s got your panties in a twist. Nice sweater, by the way.”
At least, they were getting along and Sam felt as though he belonged. When his brother had returned from his self-imposed exile, he had a huge grin on his face. Sam had pulled him aside as Jack was back to help Cas butter the popcorn.
“Thank you for getting them, but I think I’m good now. I’ve been crying on-and-off all day and I finally feel all dried out.” Cas took Dean’s hand in both of his. “I am just so damn proud of him and of what he’s accomplished. So is Kelly. We both could feel her with us today. I just wish she physically could have been here to watch our son receive his diploma. It’s days like this I miss her most.”
The stage was set up with their instruments and a small, enthusiastic crowd had gathered earlier to hear them rehearse.
She was right. It was.
All eyes were on John as he kept Mary’s gaze for several seconds before agreeing that was the best course of action. The parents got up from the table, leaving their children behind to regroup ahead of joining them in their suite.
Yeah, right.
Dean saw and his ashen face, paired with the dry mouth and pounding in his chest, had him convinced he was having a heart attack or even a panic attack. Something was attacking him that was for certain.
“This last song is a personal favorite of mine,” Dean told the crowd. “Doesn’t get a lot of airplay this time of year, which is a damn crime. So we’re gonna play it for you and when you fall in love with it — and you will — go buy a copy and play the crap out of it and share it with everyone you know. Because it’s that awesome.
When he returned, clad in his multicolored candy cane black boxer briefs, Cas was wearing only a pair of red plaid ones with a black waistband. They both took time to admire the other with Dean admitting he had a pair with facing Santas on each leg delivering a “really big present.” Cas closed the gap between them as Dean dropped his clothes on top of his overnight bag, which sat in front of the bureau.
“Yeah, I thought so.”
“I’m just reaching under the seat for a towel so we clean ourselves up. Can you see about grabbing one of the bottles of water I keep on the floor in the back? Here’s hoping it didn’t wedge itself under the seat.”
“Ready?” The request came out as a growl, his voice infused with a deep-seated desire that had been pent up for years. There was no doubt they were both ready, but Dean refused to make a move until he had full consent.
“You think his behavior will be a deal breaker?” Cas guessed.
on the large television that hung on the wall opposite. A movie his baby brother knew forwards and backwards, proven by him quietly repeating the dialogue as the characters said it. Sam was attempting to blow him off. Yeah, well, nice try.
You’ve been here nearly a week and you’re ready to move here? I know he’s nice and you two had a
“Damn,” Dean exclaimed. “Remind me to stay out of the drug store here.”
John sat silently drinking his iced tea, watching his first born and Cas. His mind had latched onto the fact that the couple were assuming they would be together this time next year. This didn’t bother him. He was thrilled his son had found someone whom he was obviously quite fond. Perhaps it was that Dean believed he would be in Snow Falls? That there wasn’t any question as far as his son was concerned? No. Seeing how serious Dean seemed to be about this new love interest gave his father immense satisfaction.
He had been attracted to Benny from the start, confirming what he had long suspected but never did anything about. Since his freshman year of high school, Dean had been drawn to both men and women. It was the women who flocked to him, so that was the lane he chose to stick with until Benny. They had hit it off immediately and Dean had been more honest with him than with anyone outside of Sam, who had worked out his brother was bisexual not long after Dean had solved that mystery himself.
“You say that now, but you’d be itching to bail come summer. The town goes into hibernation from late June to late August. Once graduation season is over, nothing much happens until around the end of summer. Mid-July is when preparation for all this happens in earnest. There’s also the Harvest Festival, which is sort of an appetizer for this. In Full Bloom in spring and Hazy Days of Summer are small scale, more to keep the energy going into the off-season.”
No sooner had Cas left, Dean’s phone buzzed. He looked at Sam and held up the phone so his brother could read the caller ID. Their father was calling. Silently, they agreed Dean should take the call. He put it on speaker so the three of them could hear what John had to say.
“I understand. I
A familiar face greeted the boys as they took a quick glance around the downstairs.
Cas’ blue eyes shimmered as he tried to keep his emotions under control. These brothers were making it damn difficult. He gazed back at Dean, who had shifted to his side with a hand on the small of his boyfriend’s back. “I won’t.”
He stuck out his free hand to the girl as the other held his ornament for the tree. “Dean Winchester. Good to meet you, Claire.”
*********
“Deal.”
The corner of Dean’s mouth quirked. “Yeah. Instead of mutual masturbation — which I am keen on trying for the record — this makes it more intimate and, from what I understand, is pretty damn enjoyable.”
“Cas, do you own my house?”
“Dean,” Mary opened. “I am starting to understand how little we know about your relationship with Cas. Why don’t you tell us about it? Start at the beginning, hon.”
“Hell yeah!”
Ever obedient, Castiel kept going until his man grew still. Releasing him from his grip, his touch kept going. His hands went up Dean’s back until he was covering him with his body; Dean now lay prostrate on the black leather seat.
He saw the name cards with the place settings.
“We’re not done here. Three more scattered once we took down the bosses.”
Arms stretched wide, Dean prepared himself for each hit that would come. “Yeah, I did. I freaked right the fuck out and nearly ran him off as a result. So go ahead. Take your best shot.”
This was new. He liked it. The changes he had noticed from the off. Maybe it was how comfortable he felt with Dean. Maybe it was Dean’s nervousness when they had met again. Maybe his horrible experience with Bal had given him the kick in the ass he needed to take charge of his love life and become an active participant instead of a passive one. Chances were it was all the above.
Dean winked and Cas felt his cheeks flush. He plunged ahead. “I wouldn’t mind seeing the one with the fornicating deer.”
“No. Castiel. We’ve been over this. I’m the one in the trench coat with the short hair.” This was said in his traditional deadpan style though he had learned inflection was crucial and sarcasm had its place.
“No, you did not.”
“Good move,” Jack told Sam. “We also have M&Ms if you want to go for the sweet and salty.”
His brother couldn’t disagree as their mother tended to fixate on Jess since she considered her the daughter she never had. Sam grinned.
Holding his hands up as though proof no wrong-doing had occurred, Dean confessed, “Haven’t gone below the waist.”
“Dude, it’s eleven o’clock. Don’t be so dramatic,” Dean scoffed, enjoying the tonal shift in their conversation. “Actually, I was hoping to sneak into the kitchen. I’d kill for a sandwich.” He winked. “Running into you was a bonus.”
“What the hell are you looking at?”
“How’s that cut looking, by the way? You take care of that yet?”
It had been their first separation and Dean had been missing his man so fucking much, he just said it. He hadn’t even cared if Cas didn’t say it back. That wasn’t the point. Only he had said it back with zero hesitation. Ironically, it made them miss each other even more as Cas had admitted to wearing one of Dean’s T-shirts to bed so he could be closer to him. Dean regretted he hadn’t been more forward thinking and grabbed something of his boyfriend’s.
His son was one hundred percent onboard for his dad’s relationship. As he had told Cas while they watched
“Think about it. I’m going to look around —
“Any pie?” The note of hope in Dean’s voice was adorable to Cas. He had been schooled on Dean’s adoration of all things pie and decided to make him one as a Christmas present.
Still, she screamed in utter joy when she had been told Sam and Dean were on their way to Snow Falls yesterday morning. Her wife wasn’t happy at being woken up in such a fashion until she knew why. Then, she joined in Jody’s celebration.
Checking her watch, she let out a soft exclamation. “I hadn’t realized how late it was. It’s almost five and we need to get you checked in at the hotel. You two must be starving!”
“My pleasure! Please, call me Jody. We’re going to be spending a fair amount of time together while you’re here. No need to be formal.”
“None of your damn business,” Dean replied.
He had turned his head to look at his brother, who wasn’t liking the
“I–I–I already participated this year.” He shot Dean an apologetic look, guilt gnawing at his insides. There was no reason for him to feel guilty. It wasn’t like he knew he was going to become friends with Dean and this would be an issue.
“Thank you,” he said sincerely. “I have loved that song since it came out and I am so happy someone else knows who Amanda Marshall is. We’ve played that song in rehearsals and I’ve played it on my own privately, but we never performed it on tour until tonight. For some reason, I decided it was time.”
Would Sam look down on his big brother?  Think Dean was less than a man?
**********STAY TUNED**********
By the time Dean was fully in the buff, Cas stood only in his boxer briefs.
**********STAY TUNED**********
The pancakes were burnt at this point, so a homemade breakfast was out.
Cas growled as he gripped his angel blade tight in his hand.  He raised his arm, thrusting it forward into the King's chest, just as the lights flickered and darkness engulfed the room.
"You don't have to come, man.  You've got a war to fight," Dean had said, his voice noticable cracking as he tried to hold back his tears.
"Yeah," Sam whispered. "Yeah....."
Dean was inside this house.
Dean side stepped in front of Cas, trying to protect him.
"Near the ocean," Dean pulled Cas into him even more then he already was. "So we can dig our toes into the sand on our days off."
Two: Dean picks the music.
"I broke the connection, didn't I?" Dean whispered.
Dean coughed, "Your what?"
“Yeah, well, I don’t feel like a good man,” Dean took a slug of beer.  “I feel like crap.  I feel like the scum I’ve been trained to kill my whole life.  Heck, until you guys cured me, I was that scum.”
They always walked Miracle together, hand in hand, talking about their past adventures, planning out the rest of the year, hands intertwined.
"Is he okay?" Sam asked, concerned.
The Winchesters could not see each other through the darkness, but they kept calling out for each other.  The sound the darkness made was too loud for them to hear the other one.
Dean reached forward and turned on the radio.  The chorus of "Here's To Us" echoed throughout the car.
He grabbed a green straw, stuck it in the glass, and took a sip, "Mmmmmmm!"
Dean lowered his other hand and rolled onto his side, looked up into the angel's face and reached his right hand out to grab onto Castiel's left arm.  Dean didn't say anything.  He just lay there, holding onto Cas as he cried.  He hated letting the angel see him like this, but he couldn't stop his tears from falling.  He'd never cried like this before, at least not as long as he could remember.  He remembers crying about his mom, shortly after her death, but his dad had told him he needed to stay strong for Sammy.
He had been toying with an idea for a few days now and wanted to butter the angel up first.
Standing in the doorway, head cocked in confusion, he stared a pantsless Dean Winchester, beer in his right hand, dancing to classic rock hits of the '80s.
Sam paused, staring at the flowers on the stairs, before leading the group down, "Relax. We're only 4 minutes late."
Dean never let a moment go by without telling Cas that he loved him or how much he meant to him.  He had 12 years of I love yous to catch up on.
Dean wrapped his left arm fully around Cas's waist and rolled over so that he was now laying completely underneath his angel.
"Hey, uh, Cas," Dean cleared his throat. "What do you know about cars?"
"Cool," Dean began kissing and caressing Cas's stomach and fiddling with his belt. "I don't know if anyone's ever liked me for that long."
"I feel like I've told you everything there is to know about me, but yet I still don't really know who Sam is," Clara softly smiled as she sipped her coffee and stared sweetly into Sam's eyes.
Cas sighed, "Of course it's me. I'm not doing so well. My back hurts and I'm cold.  But at least I'm not in the empty."
"But it could happen, Dean," Cas turned his face to Dean's. "It could happen. Or if I get killed, I will go back to the Empty."
"Well, yeah," Dean puffed his chest out a bit.
"Wine?  Since when do you drink wine?" Sam had texted back.
Without the hunter and angel even knowing he was there, Sam had opened the garage door slightly, just in time to see the kiss.
"Yeah, well, I didn't kill my brother, so I won't kill my......Cas," Dean shot a quick glance over towards the angel and swallowed. "I came here to ask you to take this thing back, but now I just want to leave."
“Cas, I can’t,” Dan sighed heavily. “I have to –“
"What?" Dean gasped. "Not want any more to do with you? Cas, you're my best friend. My angel. My partner in crime. I missed you, Cas. So fucking much!  I should've done something. Jump in front of you. I should have told you that I loved you back.  Because of course I love you, Cas!  Of course I do!"
Sam took a seat on the edge of his bed, “How did you even manage to get him away from those books?”
Cas finished putting away the groceries as Dean just stood there watching him.
"You're in the barn where we met?" Dean smiled.
Dean locked Crowley in the dungeon and he and Cas moved into the library.
"Maybe it is better that Lucifer is controlling my vessel. I wasn't really too great at this humanity thing anyway," Cas frowned. "But if I do regain control of my vessel, I promise to be a better friend to Dean. I promise to not get into his personal space or be awkward and I will never even try to ride shotgun in the Impala. And I will bring a pie daily. A different flavour every week."
"You weren't stupid, just ill-advised.  You did it for the greater good, Dean," Cas placed his hand on Dean's shoulder. "I've been there."
The Rules
Dean was keeping his secrets about not exactly being straight, and Sam was keeping his about studying law again.
"Their eyes were red.  They had glowing red eyes," Beth steadied herself on the road. "What has red eyes?"
"But," Cas continued, "You make those decisions because you think they're the right ones in the moment.  You mean well and you do your best.  We'll figure something out to get Sam back.  I know in my gut there's a way.  I can heal people again, so I can fix Sam.  And then, then we'll deal with the angels and Metatron.  Once all of that's sorted out and dealt with, if it's okay with you, I would like to stay here.  With you.  Graceless."
"My car's gone!" Cas exclaimed.
"Colette always seemed to know where I was, too," Cain smirked.
"Jack? Hands off?  Dean, what happened after I summoned the empty."
Dean got back into his car just as his phone goes off.
Dean didn't actually mind being up this early to take Miracle for a walk.  The air was crisp and smelled like fall was just around the corner.
He wanted to get drunk.
Slowly pulling away, with a smile plastered across his face, Dean mumbled, "Yup. I really do like that."
"Are we dressing up? It's just Sam and Eileen coming over for dinner.  What's the big deal?" Cas tilted his head.
Dean ran to Cas's location as quickly as he could, collapsing at Cas's side.
Dean took a step forward, grabbed his fallen angel's face in his hands and pulled his face to his, saying "I'm never letting you go again!" before pressing his lips onto Cas's.
And when Castiel didn't break that kiss, Dean knew his feelings were okay.  At least in private.
He sent the text and listened for Sam’s heavy footsteps coming down the hall.
"It looked like fun.  I could use some fun," Cas cracked his awkward smile. "I can even take off my pants, too, Dean."
Sam put his hand on his brother's shoulders, "Just calm down, Dean. We'll call the police and file a report."
I’ll make certain to keep a cabin available though just in case.”
As soon as those words left his mouth, the green irises were hidden behind his closed eyelids, his face twisted in regret.
Bobby Singer smiled as soon he finished teasing both of his boys. Other than their dad, Bobby was the only one who could sting Sam and Dean in one go. It was of the many reasons why he was like a second father to them.
Cas chuckled. “Off-season in that the Winter Festival is the real moneymaker. Has been for more than a decade. Since Jody became mayor as a matter of fact. She’s been fantastic in the role and no one has voted her out or run against her. It was her idea to bring back the spring and summer fests, and give them to the residents as a thank you for putting up with the tourists who come out for winter. Spring, summer, and fall are held by the town, for the town. No advertising. If tourists show up, that’s fine. But we don’t invite them.”
Maybe he shouldn't get ahead of himself.
“And?” the blonde challenged. “There’s no hard rule that says you can only hang one ornament. No one is going to slap the cuffs on you and throw you into Christmas jail if you do it. Besides, the Wilson triplets have thrown at least four each on the tree. I, personally, will take the wrap if anyone catches you hanging a second one with this dreamboat.”
“That sounds good,” Dean told John when he called him back, “but can we do it in an hour?” A quick glance at Cas to make sure he still had his support and encouragement. He squeezed his boyfriend’s hand after Cas took his and interlaced their fingers.
Dean smiled at how confident Castiel was when it came to their relationship. “Boyfriends, it is. Can angels marry?”
John took a step closer, invading his son’s personal space. “You’re going to leave your family for a man who has you moving in a week after you’ve met? Are you insane?”
“Doesn’t mean that spirit is gone. It’s just channeled elsewhere.”
“I may just take you up on that. Although, I think Arcade Alley is calling my name more. How long have you lived here, Cas?”
Donna looked over to the counter and saw the queue of customers was now out the door. “Best get back to it before the natives get even more restless.”
and got a nod in return.
He felt Dean’s hand on his shoulder. “You didn’t. I’m sorry my freaking out freaked you out. I never expected to see you again.”
He caught the amused look on both men’s faces. “What? Is he not allowed to have friends?”
“She’s right.” Jody placed her and Donna’s coffees on the table after narrowly avoiding a six-year-old boy, who had decided to stop walking right as she was making her way through the sliver of a path from the counter. “The Winchesters are going to flip for you. You are not just good on paper. You are good. Period.”
“Thank you. That sounded like a compliment.” Castiel’s words came out slow and deliberate. Could one be drunk on a person? He could smell the lingering remains of Dean’s aftershave, but more importantly, he could smell Dean. His hands started at the other man’s hips before they ran up and down his sides.
“That
Sam cracked a wide smile. “That she is. Which is why she told me to tell you how I was feeling about hanging out with you tonight instead of waiting for you to ask if I was okay or having fun. The rest was all me.”
“Jody and her wife Donna Hanscum, who’s also the sheriff, are my best friends,” Cas explained to John, Mary, and Jess. “They host us every year and this year, as I’m sure Dean and Sam have told you, that also includes all of you.”
“That would be hypocritical considering how tight Sammy and I are. Hell, I've been living with him for the past few years. When I probably should have moved out a year ago.”
also a possibility,” he conceded.
“You got your songs sorted?” Bobby went back to business. With the dinner ahead, he preferred to get the serious matters settled before enjoying the evening.
“No peeking.” Dean’s hands pulled down the red plaid slowly, a shuddering breath blowing out when Cas’ cock was released. Damn, he couldn’t wait to get a taste of that. To have it inside him.
He had spoken with his chef a few days ago and they had agreed a small, late-night buffet would be palatable for their guests, most of whom would return hungry and unfed after discovering there was nowhere in town to get a meal. Sandwiches, hors d'oeuvres, cookies, cakes, and pies were decided upon; nothing too heavy or rich. There were bottles of water and pints of milk available in metal ice buckets, as well as a coffee urn and a hot water dispenser along with tea bags and packages of hot chocolate.
need the man he considered to be a second father seeing he was sporting wood while looking at houses. They were not directly connected. Suddenly, he hated the phrase “house porn” with a passion and cursed whoever came up with that stupid term.
His brother looked as though Dean had punched him in the face. The anger that rose to the surface nearly matched what the older sibling felt. “Jess, obviously. How could you even think I’m not happy for you? Dean, I have watched you fall apart, blame yourself, shut out the world, and piece by piece pull yourself back together after Lisa. Seeing you fall for Cas has been the best Christmas gift. Seeing him fall for you right back? I’m set for the next ten Christmases.”
“What we did was so good, I wanted more.” He caressed Dean’s cheek. “I
The stern bass of John’s voice cut through the relaxed atmosphere. His hazel eyes darkened, trained on Dean. He ignored his wife’s pleas to calm him. Calm didn’t interest him. He had recalled what had led to his uneasiness: Jessica earlier mentioning Dean had been staying with Cas instead of at the lodge. Now, this new development.
Cas was transported the second Dean stepped up to the microphone and started his introduction to their song. If he thought too long about how quickly they had come together, not to mention how they already had a piece of music that connected them, his head might explode. As it was, his heart was in danger of not being in one piece for much longer. By the time Dean stood behind the stage piano, Cas had what could only be described as an out-of-body experience.
“I want to be naked with you now.”
“Cas, that’s great!” Ellen congratulated him warmly. “You two are really sweet together. I thought so after you two stopped in yesterday. It was wonderful seeing how happy you are with each other. I love you both and know what you both have been through. I am rooting for you two. You deserve each other. I mean that.”
“You are sex on a stick,” Dean declared as he made his way over to him.
Much to his dismay, Dean didn’t have time to argue. He opted to view it in a positive light. “It’s not a no, so it’ll have to be good enough for now.”
An impressive crowd gathered in the town square for the annual Winter Festival tree lighting ceremony. Around one thousand people had flocked to Snow Falls to witness the official start of the countdown to Christmas. It was a cold, clear night with fresh powder on the ground thanks to a small squall that blew in overnight, dumping two inches to the existing few inches from a few days prior.
“Nice isn’t the word I think he would use. To be honest, I’m not so sure I would either.”
After the concert, Cas invited the family back to the lodge for a Christmas Eve celebration as it would be nigh on impossible to find seating at any of the restaurants and cafés in town tonight. With everyone having the same idea about not wanting the night to end, those places would fill up quickly. The smart people would have made reservations ahead of time.
“How about instead of me guessing what’s going on that screwy head of yours, you just tell me? Because I am sick to death of bossy old men telling me how moving here to be with the man I care about is just plain wrong!”
part either.
Dean snorted.
“Mom!” Jo scolded, rolling her eyes but nevertheless not annoyed.
trying. Your mother has been helpful in that and after today, she’s vowed to step up her duties” A glance at Mary had made it apparent he wished that were not the case. “That said, I’m sorry I overreacted to your news, Dean. But did you have to keep it from us?”
“What the hell are you doing?”
“You think Mom is really against me moving here? And what the hell is with all the parental units getting all twitchy about me having a damn life? Do they really think you and I are going to live together for the rest of our lives?”
“So tell me about Cas. I hear you made quite the ass of yourself when you checked in.”
“I’d rather not risk it.”
“And then she insisted on keeping those damn color lights for the next two years to make a point because she was too stubborn to admit she was wrong!” John crowed.
A warm chuckle flowed from Dean, who stepped back and spun Cas around so they were facing each other. “You are such a dick. Come here.”
“God, I hope not.” Jessica took a sip of her iced tea as the brothers stared at her in surprise. “Oh please. We’re all thinking it. Just like I’m thinking of how my lease is up in the spring and I can finally move in with Sam.
Sam picked up on the third ring. “You got him?”
“You look calmer than you sounded in your texts earlier,” she observed. “Hey! What happened to you, by the way? Did you go back to sleep?”
A second finger was added. The two digits grazed Dean’s gland while the stretching continued and loud wet moans poured out of him along with Cas’ name. He was pretty sure Dean wouldn’t last for long if he kept teasing his prostate like this. Dean confirmed it, begging him to take him.
“We are going to officially make you rue the day you ever asked to be our manager,” Sam chimed in, joining Dean at his side. “You think you regret it now, but just you wait.”
“One other song I love was that one you sang tonight, ‘If I Didn’t Have You.’ I’m a huge Amanda Marshall fan — again thanks to Jack — but I’ve never heard it sung live and I thought you did an outstanding job. Really did it justice.”
“Yes!” Dean exclaimed. “I subscribe to two and they are
In the living room, Dean was asking Cas how long he had been here. Cas smiled, liking how protective his friend was being. It was clear Dean didn’t like that he had kept him waiting, but Cas hadn’t minded. He was with family. Though when it got closer to six-thirty, the time Dean had said he would be here, Cas couldn’t deny he was on tenterhooks waiting for the doorbell to ring.
“Yes, we would have.” The angel hadn’t a clue how that would have happened nor did he particularly care. Dean's sexual knowledge ran deep and Castiel had faith that if anyone could find a way to get him off it was this man.
“I’ve said my peace. I hope you get your head out of your ass and see how wrong you are about Cas. He and Jack are the best things that have ever happened to me and like hell am I going to lose them because of your judgmental bullshit. And yeah, I get it, but you’re such a damn Scrooge about the money issue that you’re just toxic to be around.
The elbow to the ribs his brother gave him snapped his churlish mood. “You know what? Dean’s right. We’ll go. It’ll be fun.”
Sam had loved being protected by his big brother initially, but as he grew older, he became frustrated by how overprotective Dean was with him. So Sam got his wish and Dean taught him how to fight. He had sucked at it for the longest time, getting his ass handed to him more times than he could count. Till the day he had taken down the middle school bully in sixth grade. His eyes wide and mouth agape had made Dean laugh hard. When it registered with Sam what he had done, a wide, toothy smile broke out over his face.
Sam’s smile was wide as the Missouri River. “She’ll be here on the twenty-fourth. Actually, she’s flying in with Mom and Dad.”
