"Yeah," John laughs. "Not at all what I meant, Sherlock."
(John had not laughed with nearly as much gusto when Sherlock expressed a similar shocked outrage at the saucy comments Janine had left on the photo. He had not, in fact, laughed at all.)
John smiled wider, rocked a bit on his feet. "
She flapped a newspaper at him, and he grimaced and took it, tucked it under his arm as he attempted to navigate the stairs with Rosie in tow.
John scoffed. He forced his clenched hands to relax. "And?"
"We'll have to agree to disagree on the definition of
There were so many things he'd like to say. So many things he'd like to do.
There had been pictures in the paper, of course, and it had been hard to flip through the channels on the telly for a while without Sherlock blinking back at him, looking haughty and grim and bored. He had, it seemed, foregone the fake moustache and French accent for the benefit of the press.
"You know, even after all this time, that's—"
It had seemed significant, those words. Sherlock had lifted his head and stared.
Sarah lifts her head. "Mary?"
The well was barely visible in the dark, an uneven jut of stones, listing like a foundering ship. He crouched, put his hand on the damp, crumbling stone. Stared down into the yawning mouth, at the inky darkness below.
"Because she's trying to kill you, and I'm trying to help you."
Sherlock stepped to the side and let John pass. John smelled of damp wool. It was a familiar smell, achingly familiar, and his chest tightened.
Maybe they just weren't compatible, he thought, watching her as she flashed a bright smile at the bartender.
The weeks dragged on. The planned wedding date loomed ahead, inevitable, unavoidable.
John smiled tightly. In a way, he thought, he had. But not in any way that would matter to Arthur Bell.
John caught him looking, shook his head, laughed a little. "Big posh house, yeah?"
Sherlock, on the pavement with a split lip and blood oozing from his nose, the way his eyes had tracked John and Mary as they'd climbed into the taxi.
He'd spent part of the night at the window, holding his violin without touching bow to strings. He'd watched the rain, studied the dizzying reflections of car headlights on wet pavement, and tried not to think about John.
"Seriously, though," she said. "What was that all about?"
"I'm sure they'll be lenient with you," Sherlock said, keeping his eyes straight ahead. "You were my hostage, nothing more."
"John, please shut up," Sherlock said, and there was something almost giddily unrestrained in his voice. His hands fluttered helplessly in front of John's shirt before settling on the buttons, working them free with a single-minded intensity.
John shifted in his seat next to him. Cleared his throat. "Er—any chance you could clarify what it was that they fought about?"
John looked away, stared hard at the window. He did not know how long the storm was expected to last. He hadn't made a habit of checking the weather in Cumbria. There'd been no reason to.
"Please," he said. "Sherlock is—Rosie—can you—"
There were times that John did not question him, simply took action. It was the soldier in him.
the very help he'd finally managed to arrange—
Except, he'd never really seen Sherlock behave quite like this, even for a case.
He supposed he was lucky not to have been detained. Arrested. Questioned. Thrown in a dark cell, never to be seen or heard from again.
Twenty years, Sherlock thought. Almost twenty years as their own peculiar little family. Somehow, the fact that things changed, that things
"Oh? And what should I be doing, then? Solving crimes? Doesn't look like you've got a vacancy."
Jim jerked the steering wheel, but John was ready for that, bracing one leg up against the door as he swayed with the cab. His hand did not waver.
He did not recognise the man looking back at him. And he did not like him.
love."
April hung back, still looking at the wall. "Something wrong?"
John considers. "Then someone didn't want him to race."
Was there really anything worth saving?
"Yes," Sherlock said.
Three days after Rosie's first birthday, he'd booked an appointment with a new therapist. She'd sat and listened patiently as he'd summarised the events of the past year. Occasionally she wrote something down on her notepad. She held it at such an angle that he could not quite read her writing.
John turned away, no longer able to bear that gaze. He went to the sink, poured himself a glass of water, drank it down. He set the glass on the counter, slipped his phone out of his pocket. Spoke without turning back towards Sherlock. "I'll just be a minute."
"Right," John said. "Yeah, of course. Diane. Having a boy, yeah?"
It was going to be a long night.
John closes the laptop. He says nothing, but he is no longer smiling.
John's name tries to force its way past his throat. It is as if he's swallowed razor blades. He cannot breathe.
The room tilted, shifted, righted itself. His head ached. He wanted to shout, to punch something, to cry.
"Ah, look, right on time," Lestrade said, turning in his chair. He waved an arm. "Hopkins! Over here!"
"Will you go back to—um. Detecting? Do you think? Or is the MI6 thing permanent?"
), but John is not looking at the door, John is not really even looking at Sherlock, his gaze is fixed somewhere over Sherlock's shoulder, his mouth stubborn and set.
"John," Lazarus said.
The hearth is dark and cool. He wishes they'd thought to light a fire. It always feels more like home when there is a fire.
John is down. John is. John is—
Sherlock had watched it unfold in slow motion, had seen all of the intersections where the conversation had taken a wrong turn, all of the times John had spoken too soon, all of the words Rosie had misinterpreted, all of the ways the stubborn genes they both shared had caused them to batter relentlessly against one another instead of seeking compromise.
Everything after that had been merely survival.
Sherlock breathed out, a careful, shaky exhalation.
sad. Even now."
If he could—
"What do you believe happened to her?" Sherlock had asked, his voice keen with interest.
He thought about spiders: the widow, the recluse with its violin. When John leaned forward and tentatively brushed their lips together, he responded with a fervor he never knew he could possess, his entire body lighting up with sensation, with need, with desire.
John made a sympathetic sound. Took another sip of his tea.
Come say hi on
"No," Sherlock said, and quite carefully did not think about Redbeard, or the way the blades of grass felt familiar as they lashed against his legs. "Not much."
Sherlock did not answer, picked up John's coat from where it was draped over a little high-backed chair. Held it out.
John. It's not in my nature."
"I did that, Harry. I had a friend who wanted to be there for me, and that's what I did. And I was sad—I'm
"Oh," he says, because a response of some kind is clearly required.
John is still watching telly, the volume turned down, when Sherlock finally gives up and retreats into his bedroom.
He steered Sherlock through the crowd to join Lestrade and Anderson at the table.
Yes, John was different these days. But he had always been a mystery.
"Hm."
He'd waited for something to happen. Had waited for Sherlock to reach out, to try again, to come back. Sherlock trampled boundaries, it was
"And for that, he had to die," John said. He thought of the messages he'd exchanged with Olivia St Clair, the bleak despair in her correspondence. He wondered if the news of Pete's arrest would bring her peace or further anguish.
He'd not spent much time at the cottage. There had been the initial visit, of course, where he'd arranged to purchase the property from Janine. Twice more, to finalise the purchase and arrange for the caretaker. It had sat empty for a few years, until Rosie was in primary school.
His face burned with shame. He leaned on his cane, breathed hard. After a moment he straightened up, scanned the oncoming traffic for taxis, eager to put as much distance between himself and his foolishness as possible.
"You know it's—it's just an interview. Nothing's set in stone. I just—"
"Please," John says.
"The possibilities are endless."
"Molly was lucky," John said. "That's what you're thinking about, isn't it? The tissue damage was extensive, but it could have been a lot worse. She caught it in time."
Sherlock shut his eyes. "Yes."
John breathed out through this teeth, fought the urge to shut his eyes and wait for the whole mess to be over.
Sherlock swallows, waits for something to make sense.
He went back into the sitting room, cleared his throat. When no one responded, he clapped his hands together.
He'd found the second drug smuggler hiding out in a monastery three days later. At the time, he'd thought:
John winced. Perhaps he should have intervened sooner.
Lestrade was crouched next to a skip, frowning over a corpse on the ground.
and then erased it.
"Oh for—" John again reached to shut the window.
He sighs, scratches at his chin again. Gathers his clothes and a towel, goes to take a shower.
"Sherlock?" she breathed.
"So am I."
"You never allowed yourself to be—as you phrased it—
He is already dead. It is easy to pretend.
The lead singer was wailing something unintelligible, and the guitarist was engaging in a bit of lewd stage theatrics that seemed to have the small crowd riled up, but it was the bassist that caught John's eye.
Sixty-four seconds.
He sat up, rubbed at his face. His skin felt sour, greasy. There was a need already beginning to take hold, itching beneath his skin.
"How could you ever have thought this was a good idea?" he'd demanded of his brother, three days ago, while Rosie stood by his side. His brother, who had called Rosie his
"She seems to feel you're being set up."
I suppose, but—"
Sherlock on the floor. Blood on his face. Those sad, haunted eyes.
"Evidence," John says. He scoffs, looks around, gestures to the wild moors and the dark roiling sky. "What evidence?"
"It's fine," Sherlock said, aware that too much time had gone by, that he'd been silent for too long.
Sherlock had agreed.
"Sherlock—" John said, his voice strained.
Perched proudly in the rusted bed of Sherlock's truck is a 55-gallon steel drum, welded firmly into a square framework of pipes. Someone—almost certainly not Sherlock, he'd have considered it a waste of time—had carefully painted a grinning caricature of an Irish Setter on the side.
Rosie giggles, makes a little humming noise, turns her face into John's neck. She is an enthusiastic co-conspirator for sure, but terrible at keeping a secret.
There was something curdling in the pit of his stomach, a queasy mixture of regret and dread.
"And you believe he's innocent?"
Sherlock tipped his head meaningfully in the direction of the bloodstain.
Sprawling ahead of them is a network of paddocks and barns, all neatly kept. The fields are dotted with horses.
He looked at her for a long moment.
"John's a single dad," Lucy said, leaning over to speak around him.
Sherlock wanted to smooth those strands back, wanted to take John's face in his hands and whisper nonsense until he smiled again. He also quite wanted to throw something, wanted to hear the satisfying crash of ceramic against the wall. He wanted to shout, he wanted to fling himself onto the sofa and stare at the worn leather cushions until John went away. He wanted to think of the cruelest, most cutting thing he could possibly say in order to ensure that John
John's tread on the stairs. Up, up, up. The thud of boxes on the bedroom floor. Down again, not skipping over the creaky seventh step. Front door, the squeal of old hinges, a rush of noise from the street. Silence—brief, temporary, before the door kicked back open and John again started up the stairs.
Rosie flailed in his arms, indignant.
"You're doing things for Sherlock's wedding that you wouldn't do for your own."
"Counting on you being distracted, I suppose," John said. "Too busy terrorising the staff. Or—" he stopped.
he thinks.
"John?" Harry's voice, sharp and panicked, cut through the haze of his thoughts.
"Oh," Sherlock said. He looked stunned, and then pleased. "All right. Good."
She laughed, the sound mocking, incredulous. "Right."
"I found the paperwork," John said, finally. "A while back. When I was cleaning out the desk."
And then he didn't have much time to think about Belarus, or the wall, or why any of it had ever held any importance at all.
"He—ah—he also told me. That they found Arthur Bell."
really, but she's got a friend. At university. Seems to have gotten himself into a bit of trouble. She's pretty sure he's being blackmailed and—" John frowned, cast a wary look at the dog. "She begged me to ask you. So." He spread his hands out, tried for a smile. It looked shriveled and disingenuous.
"I am not
with a sly little smile. But Mary is not in the room. Mary is gone, because John deleted their relationship, and now she is a stranger.
Sherlock frowned at him, looking serious and a little bit unsettled (which, John thought, was itself a bit unsettling).
He went through the door to the sitting room without knocking. Stopped. Stared.
Sherlock's eyes are closed. He opens them slowly, as if dazed. His pupils are huge and dark in the dim light. He blinks once, and then again. He looks at once elated and terrified, his face flushed, and John could die happy, here in this moment, having got to see him like this.
"Oh, hello you," Molly said, smiling, a genuine smile, the nervousness and tension bleeding away from her expression. She shifted, gave Rosie her full attention. "Look at that pretty dress—"
John had, at the time, thought it was down to Sherlock having a new perspective on life, on family, on all of those complicated yet necessary relationships.
"Your loss," he said, slipping around John and out the door.
"It's all right," she said.
He slipped the laptop into his bag. Shrugged out of his white lab coat and traded it for the warm coat on the hook behind his door.
"That's—" he paused. Looked at the cartons of milk lined up before him. "Well. 'Fun' is one word for it, sure."
Sherlock had been angry at him. Going by his continued silence, Sherlock was likely
"Right," John says, and looks away.
fine, mostly. A little awkward. But fine. They were polite when they saw each other at work. What more could he want?
She'd stood at John's door and barred Sherlock from entering, had held little Rosie close and had watched the fragile hope crack apart on Sherlock's face. She'd said terrible things to Sherlock because John was hurting, they both were hurting, and had she been a different person, a
A soldier, she'd told them. Believed killed in action. A grievous injury and mistaken identity. He'd returned home just in time to find his beloved set to marry someone else.
Finally, John had shifted against the scratchy sheets. Had lifted his head to look into Sherlock's eyes. "Does everyone—" He'd stopped. Swallowed. "Does the team know this?"
Moriarty had hissed, his dark eyes flat and calculating.
come. In the end, he'd come.
"Hm? Yes, Rosie," John said. He took another swallow of beer, nodded. Decided that offered him a reasonable escape hatch and gave an exaggerated glance at his watch. "I have to pick her up by eight. So."
Sherlock simply looked at him, did not respond.
Sherlock stared at her. Something twisted in his expression. He shook his head.
He reached up, took John's hand, let him pull him to his feet. They stood, quiet, breathing, a memory trembling in the air between them. Sherlock's mouth tasted of mint. He tugged John's hand, pulling him closer, closer.
The therapist's name was Edward, and he was young—perhaps mid-thirties. Male. John had chosen him deliberately.
"Yes," Sherlock says. "The dog went with him."
Footsteps in the hall. John came through the door, stopped.
Others had begun to arrive. Down the hall, he could hear the quiet spaces beginning to fill with the rustle of clothing, muffled laughter and muted conversation.
"Oh, do they have those?"
He spends time choosing his words. He is careful about it. He uses his own laptop, of course, not the strange half-finished monstrosity that Sherlock left for him.
He picked up his phone, looked at it. The only recent calls and text messages in his history were work-related. This was not a surprise to him. He kept checking, regardless.
"Then nothing's changed."
"Sher!" Rosie said, and John set her down on the ground, watched as she made her way towards Sherlock with her arms extended.
"That's not—"
The prospect held very limited appeal.
"Shit," he said again, tipped his head back and looked at the ceiling. "Would it have killed you to give me a bit more to go on?"
"The horse," John says. "You're kidding."
Besides, it wasn't as if he had any better options.
One evening, while standing over a corpse that had been discovered in a skip (technically, while standing over Sherlock who was crouched examining said corpse), John had glanced down at his phone and positively howled with laughter.
He swallowed. The scent of the food, appetising moments earlier, now turned his stomach.
"Just what?"
He was
"Considering we've just done this a day ago, I don't think this moment needs to be prolonged, do you?" Sherlock asks her.
John does not speak. His gait is slow, unhurried. His shoulders are slumped. (Tired? Or reliving their aborted conversation in the aquarium? Perhaps he, too, is dreading what comes next.)
Sherlock opened his eyes.
about the injuries he'd described. How infection had begun to set in, how his voice had begun to fade. How he'd gone silent, just that morning.
again, the one that made him seem on the verge of saying something earth-shaking, something monumental.
Eurus, the gun, and the red rug in the therapist's office all felt very distant. Like it had happened to someone else.
John did not react, the words clearly taking a moment to sink in. And then he laughed, tipped his head back, his face creased with amusement. When the laughter faded, and his gaze returned to Sherlock's face, his expression was serious.
Sherlock let out a huff of breath. "You're quite clearly not."
"I've been—" John says, and he hesitates before turning around, folding his arms across his chest. The motion seems protective rather than defensive. There is a strip of damp on his shirt, just over his belly, from where he has leaned against the counter. "Selfish, I think."
John scrubbed his hands through his still-damp hair, took one last look around the room. He went to the mantel, lifted up the grinning skull. Underneath was a small silver key. He picked it up, slipped it into his pocket. Did not allow himself to think about it.
Sherlock stared back at him, his brow furrowed. He did not respond.
John blows out a breath through his nose, looks away. "No," he says. "Well. Yes. In that he's not currently being murdered. But."
the first time that I—that I didn't even want to try."
Sherlock slid the key into the lock with a steady hand.
love surprises," Jim said, and stepped on the gas.
John looked away. He did not know why he'd shared any of that. He set the card down on the table.
(See the end of the chapter for
She tsked and fussed over him a bit, went so far as to tuck a blanket around his shoulders. He was struck with a helpless wave of fondness for her. He chalked it up to the withdrawal.
But the door itself—
"You're cold," he said, feeling stupid and tongue-tied.
"She thought I had nice eyes," John said, bitter. He sniffed, hard, leaned back against the bench, folded his arms across his chest.
And there were cases, of course—no amount of sensationalism or scandal surrounding Sherlock ever seemed enough to drive away clients.
eye, familiar yet not. Cold. Thought of the jagged smile cut into the chair leather beneath the bullet holes, the scratch of the red carpet beneath his cheek. The way he'd seized up and then gone boneless with shock, with fear, the blood roaring in his ears when she'd turned to face him.
A few paces ahead of him, Evan turned a corner.
"That too," John said. A faint smile flickered on his face.
"Hm?" He looked at her, startled.
he means to say, because he's seen Sherlock's laptop and this—this strange hodgepodge of misaligned parts—certainly is not it.
John staggered in his wake, feeling like all the air had been punched out of him. He put his hands on his knees, waited until his breathing had steadied.
He could still hear snatches of murmured conversation and faint Christmas music drifting up the stairs. He'd not been out for long, then. Maybe an hour.
The DI leading the investigation is not Lestrade. Sherlock has not bothered to learn the man's name, and is disinclined to seek him out for further conversation. He has an irritating voice.
had he not seen?
He took his phone out of his pocket again. Thumbed out a text to John.
Wiggins cleared his throat. It was loud, and not at all subtle.
And Sherlock had said nothing, and John had bristled. "What type is that?"
Before he could say or do anything, John heaved a cardboard box at him. He'd put out his arms instinctively to take it.
He wanted it. He wanted it
"You . . . want to talk about Mary?"
"Your message should have triggered an immediate extraction," Lazarus said. "Clearly, that didn't happen. There's a leak somewhere."
Well. His daughter might have found herself an orphan before she'd even reached age two.
"Look," John said. He licked his lips, looked away. "I'm not—if I'm—if this is. Um. Not something you want to hear, then I swear I'll never mention it again. But this wedding is fucked anyway, and I just—"
He looked at her. There were dark circles under her eyes. She had not slept well.
"Mm," Sherlock agreed. "He does tend to do that."
"Sherlock!" he shouted. Wind buffeted his face.
But he hadn't.
John looked away, his gaze seeking Harry. She was watching him. The expression on her face was strangely knowing.
(boring)
"Mm, no, that would be far too convenient." Sherlock relaxed back into his chair, folded his hands under his chin, seemed to consider. "Well? What are they like? Any other relevant details?"
"John?" The amused warmth had dropped out of Sherlock's voice, replaced by concern.
"Waiting for everyone to leave," Sherlock says. "I'd have thought that much was obvious."
John coughed. "What?"
It is a doomed endeavour. Sherlock can see it at once. Both John and his daughter have slept poorly, have
The damp carpet in the flat. Rosie's window, cracked open with rainwater dribbling in. The cry she'd let out in the night before settling again, almost as if something had disturbed her—
John frowned, caught off guard. "For what?"
Addigni has created
John pauses at the exit, blinking blearily. He looks diminished, somehow, hunched pale and tired in the creeping morning light.
John shifted uncomfortably in his chair, fixed his gaze on the wall, tried not to notice all of the empty spaces Mary no longer inhabited. "It wasn't—" he started, and then stopped. His hand twitched.
John looked away. He felt a bit ill. Too much coffee on an empty stomach, he supposed.
"Dad's right, you know," she said, after a long moment. "It's good to have someplace waiting for me. This is home. Always will be. So—um. Thank you. I know you'd have made a small fortune off of this place if you really wanted to sell it."
John groaned, his head lolling to the side. There were hands on his face, the palms cold and chapped and unfamiliar.
"Seals."
The smile that curled at the edge of Sherlock's mouth was mischievous. "If I'd known you were amenable, I'd never have bothered to manufacture an affair with that tedious bridesmaid."
Sherlock blinked. He'd looked down at his hands, looked back up at John. "Oh," he said. "Good."
Sherlock shut his eyes. Breathed deeply.
John looked down at the carton in his hand. Ate another chip.
"I assume you've watched the video," John said.
Sherlock shrugged again, did not look at him. "Just proving a point."
Sherlock had been warm to the touch, his skin radiating heat through the thin fabric of his shirt. He had not seemed like he should be warm, but he was. John had thought about that, later, as he carefully guided Mary around on the dance floor. She had smiled at him under the shifting lights, and he'd smiled back and thought about the unexpected heat of Sherlock's skin.
If he'd known—if he'd
John turns back, stung. "What do you mean?"
"Yes?"
It wasn't her fault, of course. People got chatty when forced to spend hours in close proximity.
"Nonsense," Sherlock said, and tumbled them together over the armrest.
He'd lost weight. He'd aged. These things did tend to happen.
"I cheated on you," he said, instead. He looked down at his empty glass, unable to face her. "There was a woman on the bus. She—she smiled at me. That's all it took."
He supposed it was all right to admit that to himself. As long as he didn't say it out loud.
"No strawberry," John said. He frowned down at the cake. "At least, not that I can see. Suppose it could have been snuck into the filling. Want me to cut it open?"
"So what's the verdict?" John asked, looking at him with his brows raised, a smug little smile on those lips (and he'd tasted those lips, now, and very much wanted to do so again.)
"John," he tried.
Sherlock had kissed back. His lips had been cold. He'd gripped John's shoulder with one hand, his fingers digging in hard. The hood of John's poncho had slipped, icy rain spilling down his neck, and he'd barely noticed.
"Then who is she?"
"Give it time."
"Hm?"
John grimaced, cringed away as the leather-clad hand against his face slapped at him. He opened his eyes. His head throbbed.
She laughed again, but it was a strangled dismissive sound. "Well. It's been nice chatting. Tell Sherlock to look me up if he ever makes it back to town. We'll have dinner. Two
"Sergeant Sally Donovan," she said. She held out her hand.
John opens his eyes. Sherlock's face is soft, fond.
"I'm sorry," John said. His voice was low, a little rough. He had his left hand pressed flat against the kitchen table, his right curled around his mug.
Sherlock closes the laptop. Stands up. Clasps his hands together, restless and uncomfortable, because he has stood with no destination in mind. He will need to do something, now. To buy time he turns towards the bookcase, pretends to study the dusty spines on the nearest shelf.
Sherlock had shaken his head, just once.
"Who's he meant to have killed?"
"Three hundred and sixty-five days in a year," Sherlock said. "It was bound to be one of them."
"Ah, right. Bluebell."
He was not sure who moved first. But then they were embracing, holding each other fiercely, John was a warm solid weight against his chest, trembling with emotion. Sherlock shut his eyes, held on.
Sherlock sighed, a long-suffering, put-upon sound. "I enjoy dancing."
"Do you think so?"
"No," John said, startling a little bit. The wine he'd drunk sloshed unpleasantly in his empty stomach. He should go. It had been hours. "Sorry. I'll—I guess a bloke ought to know when he's been stood up, yeah?"
Sarah stared at him, looking very much like she was biting back words.
And John had hated him. He'd hated him for telling the truth and shattering the peaceful domestic fiction that John had let himself believe in. He'd hated him for forgiving Mary, for befriending her even after she'd put a bullet in his chest. He'd hated him for not seeing through John, for not reading the signs of John's confused miserable unhappiness though surely it must have been obvious. He'd hated him for making a vow and then proving himself to be human after all—fragile, fallible, capable of failure. He'd hated him because he could not possibly hate Mary, because Mary was dead.
Rosie smacks the cars together. Giggles. Grabs for them again.
your weather reports," Moriarty says.
Sherlock mops the yoghurt off of Rosie's face.
"I didn't see her while you were gone," John said. The lino was cold beneath his bare feet and he shivered. "I didn't answer her texts. I could have. God knows I was angry enough. I could have gone through with it. But I was with Sherlock, and I—she—she didn't even cross my mind."
"Wish you could tell me what happened here," he says.
John is wrapped in a dressing gown. His hair is wet and spiky, his skin shiny with moisture. He looks warm, and relaxed, and soft in a way that Sherlock rarely sees anymore. (Hasn't seen in years, not since they'd last lived together.) The hot water has clearly done its part in soothing his aching shoulder, much as Sherlock had expected.
"That's the food," John said. He stood up.
"Here," John says.
What comes next? Some sort of painful, protracted conversation, Sherlock supposes. Uncomfortable platitudes. (What is it that people say?
He'd curled quietly next to John, breathed in his scent on the sheets. Rosie snuffled in her sleep in her little bed by the window.
"What?"
Sherlock raised his brows, shrugged.
He waits, long enough to be certain that John will not return. Then he makes his way back towards one of the windows overlooking the shark tank, where divers are in the process of retrieving the remaining limbs. He is gratified to see that they are mostly intact. (The divers
This? This is not the end. This is just a formality.
with John, and his little jokes fell flat and periodically John would look at him with his nostrils flaring and something indefinable on his face.
"I'll call for assistance," Sherlock said.
Sherlock was studying his glass. After a moment, he lifted his head, met John's eyes. There was something naked in his expression, something twisted and vulnerable there in the firelight.
Well. He did not quite know what they'd been, back then. Only that they weren't, anymore.
Molly pressed her lips together. Nodded.
John presses the power button.
Sherlock looked at that smiling mouth and thought:
since—
"She was frightened," Sherlock had said. "She must have been. She was only five. She'd never liked the storm shelter. She fought my father, coming down the stairs. He lost his grip and she slipped free. Ran off. Back towards the house, most likely. I never found out for sure."
"The Bluebell Railway," she said, still smiling, though dimmed under his scrutiny. "Steam locomotive, beautifully preserved. Runs from East Grinstead to Sheffield Park. It's a lovely trip." She paused, and then
"You really sort of do," Sherlock said.
And there he is, Sherlock Holmes himself, stretched out across the RV's roof, fiddling with what looks like the Doppler dish. It's been partially disassembled, lying in pieces next to him. He barks something down at the ground, his face scrunched up in irritation, before turning his attention back to whatever it is that he's doing.
It was only later that he'd considered what it might have done to John, seeing him twist and fall from a great height. He'd got tangled up in scaffolding on the way down. It had likely saved his life.
It was also possible that, following John's outburst at the dress shop, Sherlock had simply decided it was more trouble than it was worth to continue including him in his plans.
"Yes," she said firmly, standing up.
"For God's sake," Sherlock cut in. "Just—"
"Do I?"
After Christmas. He'd decide after Christmas.
"Come out for Christmas?" Harry had asked a few weeks back, as they were ending one of their periodic, obligatory phone calls. She'd laughed a little, after she'd asked. It had been an odd laugh; dry, sardonic, as if she already knew his answer but felt compelled to go through the motions anyway.
Walsingham shrugged. "No idea. Never seen him before in my life."
"Oh," John said. He cleared his throat, started walking again. "Is it all right if—"
The message icon popped up just as John had finished settling Rosie down for an afternoon nap. He took his phone with him into the sitting room, settled down on his little sofa and turned the television on. He kept the volume low.
"You're anything but fine," John said. "When was the last time you ate anything? Or—
His lips were soft and his nose was cold and John loved him. John
"John," Sherlock says.
"Did she?"
Best to just. Go.
Something was struggling through the dark towards him.
"Aren't—?" Sherlock prompted, when John failed to go on.
He'd spent a few moments thinking about the drugs he did not want in the hiding places no one knew about. And then his phone had moaned—Irene, with a birthday greeting—and he'd welcomed the distraction. He didn't text her back, of course, but running through several hypothetical exchanges as an intellectual exercise had kept him occupied for nearly twelve minutes.
John hesitated, took stock. He was cold, and aching. "A little beat-up," he admitted.
John. For real. Not like before.  And you—you just walked away."
Through the towns on the Thames
The bell rang again.
She raised both brows, an expression that would have been comical on anyone but his sister.
"Where to, mate?" the cabbie asked him, looking over his shoulder.
"Mm. Don't let it go to your head."
"Sorry," he said. "Sorry. I am—I am sorry. I really appreciate you picking me up."
She opened the folder in her hands, riffled through the papers. There was an air of frustrated desperation in her movements.
He opened his eyes.
"Why are you here?" Sherlock asked, his voice muffled against the arm of his chair. There was something accusing in that tone, something hurt and petulant.
He thought of Sherlock as he'd last seen him, sitting in his chair with the late afternoon sunlight slanting through the windows. Thought of his bloodied eye, the ugly black stitches marring the fair skin above his brow. Thought of the expression on his face as John had moved towards the door, pained and confused and achingly hopeful all at once.
Something was wrong. Something was
"Welcome home," Sherlock said.
Sherlock does not respond. His eyes catch the fleeting sunlight.
"No," John said, and the anger had bled out of his voice. "Not yet. Just—oh,
sensing the rising tension in the room and even Sherlock had joined in, now, was scooping Rosie up off the ground to soothe her while John stood in the doorway with his mouth agape and his hand pinching his nose and feeling more superfluous than he ever had before in his life.
available," Janine corrected. "I think you're entirely missing the point of the rebound relationship."
"I'll get it," she said, smiling at him. "You stay. Rest your leg."
"It's not here," Sherlock says. He smiles. "And I don't do
"No, it happened to me," John said, and swatted at him. "Arsehole."
John put his hand up, a tentative wave. Took a step forward into the street, only to lurch backwards as a taxi sped by, horn blaring.
Mycroft raised his brows at him. Then he shifted his gaze to Mary. "Now. For the other pressing matter in the room. Ms—Morstan? Is that the name you're going by these days?"
"Well? What are you waiting for? Party's over. Leave." He made a shooing motion with his hands, then darted over to the windows to yank out the plug to the fairy lights that twinkled there as well.
Sherlock's knees nearly gave out. The world made sense again, suddenly. He was alive. He could accomplish anything. He'd been going about this entirely the wrong way and nothing had worked but John was here and John would fix things, John would—
He is finally turning a corner. The thought makes him laugh. The laugh is not entirely sane.
And John had looked at him, and he'd
way."
Alan shuts his eyes. "I thought the sharks would take care of the rest."
"You're displaying an increased sensitivity to bright lights and loud noise, bit of a headache, yes? Long story short, it's not allergies, you've come down with the flu."
Harry raised her brows and made a face at him. "What the fu—"
However, the responsible party also appears to be astonishingly ignorant of shark behaviour, no small feat in an area bloody
Is he going to do this now? Here?
Sherlock presses his lips together, wills himself to stop fidgeting. "You should go."
"And thanks for the kitchen," she said, straightening up.
John opened his mouth, found he didn't have an answer. He sat back in his chair, took another sip of tea.
It had not been bravery.  Not when his own cowardice had sent Sherlock out into the night alone in the first place.
"What do you mean,
He run his hand down the horse's neck, pauses when the animal lets out a snort of distress and moves away.
Sherlock put out his cigarette, went into the small cold bedroom, crawled into the creaky bed and stared at the ceiling. He did not mean to sleep, but it took him anyway.
Another creak, then silence. He looked at Rosie, who slept peacefully on.
"Best get on with it. I'm quite busy, as you can see."
John watched Sherlock. Watched as his expression periodically shifted into focus, as his head swiveled to note the placement of CCTV cameras.
"Rural locations are boring," Mycroft said, his smile brief and insincere. "You tend towards destructive behavior when bored."
Originally posted
"Thank you," he'd said.
He was human. His morning breath, puffing out between parted lips, was sour. His pale neck was dotted red where John had kissed him, where his stubble had dragged over smooth soft skin.
"We'll need to walk faster," Sherlock says, and picks up the pace.
John pressed his hand against his mouth.
Most people, upon learning that he'd studied meteorology, asked him if he planned on being a weatherman. He'd long since run out of polite replies.
"You're being granted the opportunity to reconsider the assignment you turned down."
He shut his eyes.
Mycroft pushed open the door, entered with a slow and cautious step. He looked from Mary to Smallwood to John, his gaze cool. He did not seem at all perturbed by the guns.
Blood on the pavement. Not his own. A glass bottle in his hand, his heart thundering against his ribs. He was a sociopath, wasn't he? Death should not bother him. Not even when it was dealt by his own trembling hand. They had found him. They had found him and they would have killed him so he killed them instead. He could still feel it, the way the glass had carved deep into flesh. He was afraid he might always feel it. His hand had shaken, badly. His whole body had shaken. Was still shaking.
He doesn't look.
"Weatherman."
The thought did not hold any real appeal. He was tired. His limbs ached. His heart ached.
He talked.
experiments, he'd never once mentioned
"—and they were kind enough to share with Mary and I what I'd already begun to suspect." John swallows, blinks up at Sherlock. "The past is never as far behind as you think."
John ordered another drink. Looked at his phone. He felt hollow, frail, like he might simply drift away.
She'd put her tea down on the table, stared at him.
"She's not a tool," he'd said. "You can't just aim her and use her and lock her back up when she's done."
John blinked as his eyes adjusted. The sky was grey, the landscape stark white. An icy wind whipped the wet tips of his hair, hard little pellets of snow lashing against his skin.
There were things, John thought. Things he needed to say. Somehow he still hadn't found a way to say them.
"It was all—I needed you to react a certain way. I manipulated the situation. You didn't hurt me, John."
He straightened up his seat, stared at the screen. Four boxes. Four numbers, or four letters. A password that Lazarus seemed to think he'd be able to guess.
Mrs Hudson, well-intentioned as she was, had simply assigned meaning to something that had none. There was no reason Sherlock would have built him a laptop.
"I merely lost track of time," he said. "Won't happen again."
"Miraculous return from the—Mary. You're talking about Mary."
Her room was tidy and, as far as he could tell, undisturbed. There was a water stain on the carpet under the window that appeared fairly recent. He readjusted Rosie on his hip, checked the window with his free hand. Shut and locked.
"Tears," Janine insisted.
Sherlock had let him go.
"You weren't using it," Sherlock said, and stepped on the gas. The car leapt forward, then floundered, wheels spinning uselessly, failing to gain traction on the snow-slick path. The engine whined.
"—and I'm sure he'd love to have you go back to his hotel and. Um. Not look at samples of animal excrement."
"Clara was always telling—always telling me what to do," she says. She takes her phone out of her bag, fumbles to plug in her charger. She misses—once, twice, three times, and then gives up and drops it face down onto the coffee table. Her voice lilts up, mocking. "You drink too much, Harry. You need to take care of yourself, Harry. Never shuts up about it."
Sensing her father's attention has shifted, Rosie grows even more frantic, flailing now, yanking on his hand. "Dog! DOG! DOGGIE!"
Judging by John's preoccupation with the menus, he thought perhaps he may have agreed to dinner plans. Except, if that was all, then what was he meant to
"You're not—" Sherlock gasped, his head tipping back to allow John better access. "You don't—"
He watched the door swing shut behind her. Shook his head, bemused. Then he took his wallet out of his pocket, slipped her little note inside.
"Clearly one of my brother's pet assassins has gone rogue," Sherlock piped up. He sounded mildly amused.
Well. Now everything about her irritated him. The delicate scent of her perfume clinging to the fabrics in 221B. The way she'd rearranged the contents of the kitchen cabinets to her liking. Her magazines on the coffee table. The sound of her heels—and why,
She takes a sip of her tea, leans in, drops her voice into a conspiratorial whisper. "Understand, John, there was a period of time where I thought I'd spend the rest of my life in Florida."
"Oh, right," John said. He handed it back. Their fingers brushed. Sherlock's hands were cool, like he'd been outside without gloves.
He'd be there until the end, if need be. Whatever form that end took.
"Ah," Sherlock said. He looked uncertain, for a moment. His brow furrowed.
He spread the palm of his hand out flat, pressed it against his leg, stilled the restless jump. Hesitated. Thought about Sherlock's fading voice, the words he'd said:
"Thank you, Mary," he says. "I've—erm—always thought I was great." He coughs, clears his throat. "Erm. In any case, no one really knows what's going on inside a tornado. No one can get close enough to take measurements. That's what Redbeard here is going to do."
"The house isn't sound," Sherlock said, and his voice had sobered somewhat. "There are burst pipes. That's what caused all of this—" he gestured vaguely to the puddles of water on the ground, murky and dark. "The floor's uneven. The water's deeper over there, by the stairs."
She opened her mouth.
"I spent this morning selling you out to the highest bidder," Mycroft had said. He'd given a thin smile, had taken another pull on his cigarette.
"Perhaps you ought to reconsider the low tar cigarettes. Doesn't seem they're doing you any favours," Sherlock had said, had turned once again to leave.
Then he stopped. Stared.
Flabbergasted, he lifted his arms up, hugged her back. The angle was slightly awkward.
He kicked his legs, tipped his head back, drew in another gasping breath of frigid winter air. He could just barely make out the bridge above through the darkness and swirling snow.
"What are you thinking, Sherl?" Janine asked, turning to study his wall of clippings. She gave Rosie a wide berth.
"Sorry," John said. He stooped to retrieve the lights from the ground. The package had dented but the contents seemed unharmed. He felt flushed, dizzy, unsettled. "I thought. Sorry. You just—reminded me of someone I used to know."
"Ah," Sherlock says.
He goes into the sitting room, picks up his coat.
"Well," John said, after a time. He swallowed against the lump in his throat. "Maybe we'll run into each other again one day."
He looked at the clock. Looked back at his computer screen.
He cleared his throat, shifted where he stood. Uncertain, and not liking the feeling.
"Wait,“ John said. "What?”
"Yeah," he said, and sighed. "Me too."
Sherlock had turned to look at the grass too.
John looks up. Sherlock is in the sitting room, in his chair. His head is back, his eyes closed.
Not a dog. Never a dog.
Behind him, in the fridge, that lovely wedding cake with its carefully decorated tiers. Sherlock's fingers in the frosting, the guests cooing and tittering as he offered the first bite to Janine. Perhaps she'd dab a bit of frosting on his nose, would laugh as their lips met for a sugared kiss—
John looked at her. Pressed his lips together in a rueful smile. "Wish I knew."
John can hear her weeping in the other room. Her grief is raw, palpable, terrible to behold.
"Hanging up now," John said, and ended the call.
John thought about all of the things he'd always wanted to say to Sherlock, all the things he'd choked back, had smothered, had strangled and kicked into submission.
John laughed, feeling ten years younger, feeling suddenly lighter and freer than he had in ages. "You've got a bit of an audience, Sherlock."
Offended, he straightened up. There were two officers standing at the far end of the room. Neither of them were Lestrade.
"Facts, yeah," John hissed, keeping his voice low. "The fact is, only one couple used this bakery, and by all accounts, they delivered exactly what they'd promised. Did any of the others even come here? Taste tests? Anything?"
Like pointing out that the previous two victims had both eaten the same thing prior to death. He suspected this would be more of the same, which was why he found himself wishing that Molly would skip ahead to the important bits.
"You seem tense."
John went down the hall towards the bathroom. He hesitated, turned back. "You could use a shower, too," he said. "After the—" he cleared his throat, waved his hand vaguely in the direction of the wall. "And don't think I didn't notice the smoke."
John shut his eyes. The woman had already been a sobbing mess, and Sherlock running his mouth had only made it worse.
John stared at him. It had grown uncomfortable, but he could not quite bring himself to look away. Sherlock looked exhausted, worried and unhappy. Without lifting his head, he reached down to shift the car into reverse yet again.
"I was thinking of asking Pete to take the second ticket," Janine said.
He lifted his cup, sniffed at the tea. She'd not made it to his liking.
"Stop it," John says, hauling them both towards the nearest beam. The wind sucks at them, threatening to wrench Sherlock out of his arms. Above them, wood groans and screams as nails tear free, sending shattered boards spiraling off into the sky.
"It's good to see you," Sherlock said.
"Now that we're a few weeks in and all—hopefully—familiar enough with the basic steps, I'd like to switch things up for tonight's lesson," Pete said. "I'm going to ask everyone in this room to switch partners."
Wiggins had said, all those years ago on that terrible Christmas.
He saw the words land, saw John flinch. Any moment now, John would give up, would stalk off in disgust. Unpleasant, but necessary.
John raised his brows.
Male, late twenties, clad head-to-toe in colour-coordinated workout attire. Grit in the meat of his palms—he'd stumbled forward while fleeing and had tried to break his fall. A drying bloom of blood at his temple—hit his head on the skip on his way down. That had given the killer ample opportunity to bury a knife in his back.
"I don't put every case on the blog."
John was not particularly keen on being deduced. "Monday, then?" he asked, hoping to forestall whatever it was that Sherlock intended to say.
"There's a phone," Lazarus said. "Secure. Heavy encryption."
"Doesn't he?" Sherlock smiles, the pleased incandescent smile that only comes when he's been proven right. He approaches the horse cautiously, hand out, strokes the creature's velvety muzzle. Then he dips his fingers in the water bucket, rubs his damp hand across the animal's forehead.
Sherlock nods, hunches up his shoulders a bit against the wind. "You said all of that before?"
Lestrade muted the telly, looked up at him. "What? Really?"
John squared his shoulders, deliberately did not take a step back. "Pretty sure everything's fine, mate."
"About leaving," John says.
"This is—this is okay?" he demanded. "You're all right with this? Comfortable with it?"
"Yes," Sherlock said. He cleared his throat, stood up. His posture was oddly stiff. "Thank you."
John let his hand drop away from his face, stared.
The team had taken them out for dinner when they heard the news, Greg lifting up a heavy stein of beer and toasting them both as they pressed shoulder to shoulder at one of the long crowded tables at Reichenbach Hall. Sally had bought them a blender, had handed it over with a wry smile and a shake of her head.
"Bring her in," Sherlock said, his voice emerging sharper than intended. But sharpness was good. Better than weakness. There was no need for Lestrade to know every time his mind took a slight detour into unfriendly territory. "Let her think you're focusing on the boyfriend, that you need her help. The murder was an impulse, not planned, it's unlikely she'll be able to stick to a convincing story."
The subject of the Abominable Brother came up immediately, and often.
Lazarus smiled. It emerged more like a grimace. "I'll need you to go to my flat."
Rosie was up off the sofa and heading for the stairs before he'd even finished speaking. He stood, followed her, pulled free of John's gentle grip on his arm.
Two hours later, John took off his white coat and hung it on the hook behind his office door. He made his way slowly over to his desk, his leg stiff and his hand cramping.
Sherlock glances across the street, looks back. He frowns, and the furrow between his brow deepens. "He's doing what he always does."
"If—"
"What—"
"Did you steal this?" John asked.
Sherlock lifted his head, looked at him. His brow furrowed up.
Regardless, he kept nothing now. No wedding photo. No pictures of Mary, or of Rosie. No sister, no extended family.
"You'll tell me everything," he said. It was not a question.
"Of course not." Mycroft's smile had been bland, unamused. "He was appropriately threatened into secrecy, flown to a minimum security facility with the necessary set dressing applied, and ultimately met with a proxy." Amusement had crept into his expression at that, and he'd shifted where he stood. "Anthea was more than happy to play the role. She so rarely gets the opportunity to exercise her talents to their full potential. She was quite convincing as the mad artist, I must say."
He set his laptop bag down on the coffee table, flexed his shoulder.
"Molly's still got Rosie," John said, after an uncomfortably long pause. "I spoke to her last night, from the hospital. She—uh. Was kind enough to take her home and keep her while—well, while all of this was—" he shrugged, waved his hand loosely in the air. There was something a bit helpless in the gesture. "I'm on my way to pick her up now."
"What does she want?" Sherlock stared hard at his brother. "Have you even asked?"
"John," Mary said. Her voice was sad.
"Go on, then," John said. He stepped over towards the fridge, perused the menus with a little frown of concentration.
"You want things I can't give you," Sherlock said.
The bell rang again. Persistent. No one had answered the door. Mrs Hudson had clearly decided to punish him for something.
She does not take them from him, but steps aside, holding the door open, a wordless invitation.
John frowns. "You'd just witnessed him committing a crime."
"We were both dosed with a fear-inducing hallucinogen."
There was a yellow Post-it on the fridge, a cheerful smiling face. He yanked open the door.
and not have his fill. He has never felt this way about another human being before.
John says nothing. He purses his lips.
There was a burst of pain in his lower back, and then—horrifyingly—nothing, just the whistle of wind and his stomach lurching as the ground fell away below him, as he plunged down and down and down, and as the icy Thames closed over his head.
He plastered a smile on his face, angled the webcam so that he was fully in frame, and then opened the program.
"I am calling the police."
"What was that?"
"Why are you here?" John spoke quietly, instinctively trying to match his tone to Sherlock's.
"John," Sherlock breathed. He spun around, clapped his hands together. "Christopher Thomas was a difficult personality. Not particularly well-liked."
John stops trying to speak, looks at him. Lets out a tired chuckle. "Well. No shit. Bit hard to, with—um—"
"No," Sherlock says. "She hasn't moved out yet."
"—entirely incompatible, you know. They'd have been divorced by year's end."
"Right," John said. "No. When their partners died, they—they were—"
"You'll get to be clever," Mycroft had said. He'd smiled, and the smile had been a little pinched, a little sad. "You do love that."
He stood up, noticed Sergeant Donovan watching him from the other side of the street. Thought of her strange line of questioning, the suspicious twist of her mouth.
"He was working on it," she says. "He meant to give it to you."
he sent to Lestrade.
"They haven't met," Sherlock frowned.
"Sod the first time around," Sherlock says, because he hadn't been listening, hadn't been paying attention, but there was no way that whatever he'd missed had been
"John? John!" Sherlock's voice in his ear, hoarse and strained and alarmed.
"You could have talked," Mary pressed.
John's stomach rumbled. He ate the chips. They were hot and salty, and he licked his fingers. When he was done, Sherlock took the empty carton from him, binned it. They continued walking.
"This doesn't seem a bit excessive to you? Or were you just feeling peckish today? You
"Come here," John said, something wrenching in his chest at the sight of Sherlock's expression. He lurched to his feet, took two hasty steps forward, and pulled Sherlock roughly into his arms.
John snorted, amused in spite of himself. Mycroft disappeared through the door, his footsteps steady and whisper quiet on the carpeting.
"Mm," she said. She picked up a towel from the counter behind her, wiped at the bar top with a steady, practiced motion. "Enjoying yourself? At the conference, I mean."
"There was no proposal, Sherlock. No romantic night out. Instead she was treated to not one, not two, but
This was written for neriesle, who prompted:
In the morning, the news is impossible to avoid.
"Yeah," John says. He tips his head back, looks up at the unsettled clouds. "Things look—"
and then he thought
He'd pulled the blanket down off the back of the sofa and tucked it around Sherlock, who mumbled and tugged it closer.
Sherlock chuckled. His breathing was laboured. "You did well, John. Anything that happens now—it's not your fault."
"And he was—hoping you still felt the same?"
"Right," John said.
"No," he said, after far too much time had passed. "It's not— I'm just—"
Mary, ever-perceptive, touches him on the shoulder. "You all right?"
"Strong flavour," Sherlock says.
Mary leaned against the desk, her arms folded.
"Sorry?"
She squeezed Sherlock's arm on the way past. Her smile was warm but it did not reach her eyes.
"Yes, well, what people say and what they do are often quite different," she said. She tilted her head, fixed him with an expression that was incredibly difficult to read. "Don't you find that to be the case?"
"I think it can be said that I am utter rubbish at keeping vows," Sherlock said quietly.
Sherlock cleared his throat. Squared his shoulders. Attempted to salvage some semblance of dignity. "It wasn't murder. The victim attempted to fake his own death. Miscalculated. Pity."
"Yes, of course, but—"
"Sherlock—"
Sherlock looked up, blinked. Whatever he'd expected John to say, that had not been it.
Why did his mind keep going back to Belarus?
"Hello, Molly."
Sherlock shrugged. There was a smile threatening at the corners of his mouth. "It's a new year. Time for new beginnings. Fresh starts."
"Ha," John said. He smiled tightly in response. "Starting to feel like it's not a coincidence at all, actually."
Lazarus was clever. Even injured, weakened, diminished on the other end of a poor internet connection, that much was apparent. And Sherlock Holmes, that unfortunate and much maligned dead detective, had once been known for his cleverness.
"One never knows," he says.
He saw the moment his words registered, the moment that John understood. Saw his face crumple a bit, that terrible agonised fondness Sherlock had first glimpsed ages ago on their cracked leather sofa.
"Sorry," Sherlock says, stepping back to allow John to pass. He holds up the lolly, uses it to gesture down the hall. "There's been a jail break."
"But you wanted to. Bring it up."
Something had passed between them, John thought. Something important. But it wasn't enough. He did not know if it would ever be enough.
"No," he said.
"I can't lose her," John had said, pacing tight circles in the kitchen, his shoes crunching over the shards of his shattered mug, grinding bits of ceramic down into the lino. "Sherlock, she—I can't—"
There was too much to look at, the strange and macabre cluttered up on shelves and against the walls, demanding his attention. One oddity after another, all of which might hold some clue, some bit of information he could use. Things that might mean everything, or nothing, and no way to tell for sure.
"Good," Sherlock said. His mouth was dry. He swallowed, hard. "That's good."
He stumbled to his feet, ran.
"Somewhere in the alarmingly detailed file you maintain on John Watson will be a reference to the name Evan Bell. I need to know who he is."
"And the way he so callously disregarded your feelings. Him. The most observant man in the world, ignoring the look on your face every time he kissed her."
Still, it was best to see this through. He'd spent almost the entire first year of Rosie's life being terribly selfish. He needed to think of her, now. Her needs. If he could manage to make this work, he owed it to his daughter to try.
It is hard for her, Sherlock thinks. She is angry, but unable to articulate why. She is tired and frustrated and hungry and furious and can do nothing about it except scream. Her words often desert her when her temper is high. She is two years old and terrifyingly, fiercely independent. She needs her own space. She had her own bedroom in John and Mary's dull little house in the suburbs. She is used to sleeping alone.
"Well, it's like you said," John says. He licks his lips. "He was loyal."
"I love you, you know," John says. It comes out almost casual, as if it is not momentous in the least to let these words slip past his lips. The words hang between them. "This is home to me, Sherlock. It always has been. Even when I'm not—even when I'm not here."
"The—you know. The person you were asking to dinner. Er, sorry. I looked through your phone."
She held out a folded slip of paper. He took it, feeling a bit like a schoolboy caught passing notes.
"A couple."
Heat blasted from the vents, and John groaned as he held out his hands. His entire body shook. Water ran in icy rivulets down his back.
"Is that—?“ he asked, and then his knees buckled at her slow nod.
John was sitting cross-legged on the floor next to Rosie, who was carefully and determinedly inspecting several brightly wrapped boxes. He glanced up and smiled, an awkward, crooked grin.
He could do it from home, even, she'd told him one morning when the air was grey and damp and his hand and been trembling, trembling, trembling, lukewarm coffee sloshing over the rim of his mug. If he had bad days.
He thought about Janine, and the uncomfortable look on her face when the subject of Mary had come up.
John tugged the curtain back a bit, peeked out.
Mycroft had dismissed him.
"Well?"
"John," Sherlock says again. He smiles. It is easy, now that he knows he is right. Now that the pieces have fallen into place and he's made his deductions. Now that he knows that he might get what he wants after all, somehow, in spite of everything. "This whole time, you've been right about one thing and one thing only—that we can't go on as we have been. It
They stared at each other for a moment. John held out his hand. Sherlock took it, and John pulled him to his feet.
"All right."
John nods. "Well. There you have it. That's why I'm here."
"Yes."
"Sher," Rosie said. She squirmed in John's arms and he set her down on the ground, watched as she flung herself forward to grab at Sherlock's leg.
"Knew."
He was alone, and he is no longer alone, not in the same way. He owes Sherlock a great deal.
Sherlock had deduced, back on the night of their first lesson.
And Sherlock had kept it. He'd kept the stupid red balloon with its stupid drawn on face, and he'd left it in John's chair even as it withered and drooped, even as Sherlock himself had begun to wither and droop.
to do, he'd intended it to be for John.
"John—LOOK OUT!"
He stared at her for a moment, wondered not for the first time how it had come to this, how he of all people had found himself reduced to an object of such contemptible pity.
Lazarus was still alive. All was not lost. Not yet.
Moriarty had said, that night at the pool, his face twisting up, teeth bared.
And so he did.
John paused in the doorway, shifted his duffel bag so the strap rested more comfortably on his shoulder. "Erm, you're going to need to be a bit more specific than that."
He was dead to his friends and alive to his enemies, reduced to cowering at the far reaches of the earth with nothing but spiders for company.
"John's not—" Sherlock stopped, looked at John. His brows furrowed.
"But he's still—?"
John saves his laughter for Rosie when Sherlock is not in the room.
"There's something going on," Sherlock said. "Something not entirely—natural."
"I was very stupid, John," he said. His voice was breathless, on the cusp of some revelation.
"This is not what I signed on for."
He'd never wanted stable or respectable or comfortable, not really. The things he wanted—
"He wouldn't have left Rosie behind," Molly said. "That's not—not even to chase someone off. He wouldn't have left her alone in the flat. He'd have called for help."
me to see?"
He left the sitting room, went out into the hallway. Paused by the stairs and looked up, imagined he could hear the familiar creaking of John's footsteps overhead.
"Hi," he says, and hesitates. "Is—erm. Is Mary in yet? I wanted to apologise."
Sherlock looked down at him. Sighed, a bit theatrically. "Oh, you want to
"Unless I'm stepping on your toes?"
"You—erm. Told me to be here before nine," John added.
And so John lets Rosie lead him at a stumbling run towards the dog, and he holds her hand and reminds her to be gentle, and the dog sniffs at her outstretched fingers and gives them a lick.
He didn’t have to knock. Mycroft opened the door as if he had, indeed, been expecting him.
"Seems like you're the one who walked into a trap," Pete said, though he looked uneasy. "I'm the one with the gun."
There was a flicker of something on Sherlock's face, an oddly stricken expression. It smoothed away so quickly it might never have been there at all.
"That's what all this is about," John said, flattening his palms against the tabletop, smoothing at the rough wood. His voice softened. "Isn't it?"
"The rain's let up," he says. Through the window, the sky has begun to lighten. "I'm taking this horse back to King's Pyland."
Sherlock's chest rose and fell beneath his arm. They were steady, even breaths, but shallow.
"John," Sherlock says. His voice emerges slow, slurred. He feels as if he is underwater, moving slowly and with great resistance.
John followed.
John thought, and then he started laughing too.
"Yep," Sherlock said. He popped his 'p', shifted in his seat. One of his legs bumped against John's. "
Sherlock made a noise in the back of his throat. John glanced back up, startled. Sherlock's expression was difficult to read.
to hear this. Obviously, they've talked. They wouldn't be standing here, in the cold, if they hadn't talked. Mycroft has already told him about the deal that's been cut, about the new identities and the new lives and the official pardons. It is all logical and sound and fine but he does not want to hear it again, and he certainly does not want to hear it from John Watson's mouth.
He pushed away from the table, pointed towards the bathrooms. Resisted the urge to cup his hands over his ears. He glanced towards the stage as he passed, wishing that he'd followed his instincts and stayed home on the sofa.
"Sherlock," Lestrade said. "I have to call it in. I'm sorry. But the longer we wait—"
"Get out," he said, when the footsteps paused on the landing.
"Oh," Sherlock said, and he took a step forward, then froze. He did not seem to know what to do.
One of John's hands had found its way into his hair, short blunt nails scratching blissfully along his scalp, and he shivered. John's other hand was at his waist, rucking up his shirt, wrinkling it further. He should care about that, he knew. But then John's hand was on his skin, sliding up his side, lightly callused fingers slipping along his ribs, and the shirt was forgotten.
is rather strongly worded, don't you think?"
"Rosie's costing you a fortune in dry cleaning," John says.
This is the end scene to a fic I had begun writing in the hiatus between S3 and TAB. As is sometimes the case with new canon material, seeing TAB shifted my perspective on the story, and I lost my momentum to ever finish this.
"I've been stupid," John said.
"Right," John says. "The—er—haunting."
"I need to know if anything is broken," Sherlock said. His voice sounded like it had been scraped raw. "Can I move you?"
John shrugged, lifted his hands, let them drop back down to his sides. "After what I've been through the past few days, frankly, you just don't seem very frightening."
Sherlock had held his gaze for a long moment. He'd reached out, picked up his water bottle from the night stand and taken a long swallow without ever once taking his eyes from John's. "It's not a secret," he'd said.
His ears were ringing. It was much too loud in the room. Too many people. Too many children. The heater was on full blast and
His phone buzzed in his pocket. He did not take it out to look at it.
He took the phone out of his pocket, looked at it. The lock screen was the same.
But Belarus. The wall. Something—
"I believe I should be asking the same."
"That would be best," Sherlock said. "You're utterly appalling to live with."
She didn’t have much time to think on it, because as they grew closer the voices grew clearer, and her heart plummeted.
Sherlock said, his face close, so close that John would have been able to taste his breath if he'd really been there.
"Just," John breathed out through his teeth. "You're going to get fake married tomorrow, and if all goes according to plan, someone is going to try and kill you."
"Yes," he said, and he stood up. "Sarah, it was lovely to see you again. Raj—" he nodded, smiled. "Nice to meet you. Your practice is—really quite lovely. But I've got to go."
John is stooped over a cardboard box in the sitting room of their new townhouse, and he has to straighten up to see what she is looking at. When he sees, something in his chest tightens, an invisible fist squeezing at his heart.
John shrugged. "I wouldn't say poorly timed. Poorly executed, perhaps."
"Oh, are we using euphemisms now? That's not like you. Always thought you favoured a more direct approach," John said.
"I don't have a friend called Sarah," she snapped. "And yes, it
All at once he feels like crying. Pressure gathers behind his eyes.
Originally posted
"Your cheeks are flushed. You're perspiring, but instead of opening your coat you've drawn it closer around yourself. The skin around your nostrils is chafed—"
While I lost nearly everything
"No," Sherlock said.
"We'll meet them in an hour," Sherlock said.
The taxi moved slowly through traffic. He did not recall sitting down. They rounded a corner and he groaned, queasy, feeling as if his brain had come loose inside his skull and was sloshing drunkenly, unmoored. The window had fogged over from his breath.
"Come on, Spot," Sherlock said, tugging on the leash.
When he'd finished, he went into the kitchen. Poured the remainder of his glass into the sink, watched the amber liquid circle down the drain.
The sun had not yet started to creep over the horizon. The room was dark and still.
"I don't understand—" Oh
He just was not quite sure what.
He nodded, took a swallow of his tea. "Good."
Mary brightens. "He
"Yes," he said. And he meant it.
He is used to such places and their silences.
"Shut up," she said. "It's not like you did much better."
ring.
John took his phone out of his pocket, held it up. "What you've missed."
Christ, if he could only go back in time. If he could only go back to that day, that terrible day that hadn't felt momentous at all at the time, if he could only go back to that moment in the sitting room at Baker Street, if he could only—
"So you just—"
"Am I wrong?"
"Sherlock?"
"None of your business," Sherlock said. "Get out."
He shifted in his narrow bed, shivered. At some point in the night, the heat had gone out.
Mycroft Holmes reminded him. His words had made John bristle, but he had not been entirely incorrect.
It's different, now, to think that he'll have to go on living, knowing that John is also living but forever out of reach. His capacity for selflessness only goes so far, it seems.
There was something in the water just ahead of him, a dark shape bobbing in the shadows.
Moriarty wants to be seen.
"What's funny?"
There was a long pause.
"Oh my God," he said, and he pressed his hand against his mouth. He was shaking.
John tapped the card. Shrugged.
"What—" John started, and his voice cut out as Sherlock shifted against him, lips ghosting very carefully, very deliberately against his hand. A kiss, warm and soft and unmistakable, shockingly tender.
he typed.
John set his suitcase down at the foot of the bed against the far wall. Stood looking down at it for a moment.
When they have carried the last box down the stairs, Harry comes back up alone. She has taken her key off of its ring, and she holds it out to him. It gleams silver in her palm.
"How long have you known about Moriarty?" he asks. His voice emerges harsher than he intended, almost accusing. He clears his throat, shifts in his seat, watches Sherlock surreptitiously from the corner of his eye.
"Oh, you didn't think Irene was actually helping, did you?" Moriarty gave a little giggle, stepped further into the room.
someone into giving up their fears."
He blinked at her use of his name, but decided it didn't really matter. Whoever the hell she was, she clearly didn't go anywhere unprepared.
"A replacement."
"Even more notable," Sherlock said. He turned away abruptly. "We should leave. They'll be looking to close."
He startled, looked up at the realtor. Her face was tired, he thought. He'd likely contributed to that.
"Then why isn't it in the bloody Thames?" Todd twists around, furious.
He thought of Sherlock, on the ground.
"You think otherwise?"
The night air was clear. Stars twinkled overhead.
When he had finished making arrangements, he turned around. Sherlock was standing just in the doorway, watching him.
The man had stood up and helped Janine to her feet. He looked terribly flustered, apologetic. Janine seemed to be laying it on thick, leaning heavily on his arm, looking deeply into his eyes, swiping at a tear on her cheek.
John flopped back onto the pavement, breathing hard. The rain was hard against his face. He thought he might be laughing. Or sobbing. Or screaming. It was hard to tell.
he thought. And then:
"What?"
"Oh," Janine said, recoiling slightly. She smiled, shook her head, let out a halting little laugh. "No, I'm not—I find children a bit scary, to be honest."
"He's Sherlock Holmes, he doesn't make mistakes." John paused, then forced a stiff laugh, knowing it did little to cover up how bitter the words sounded.
"You saved my life," John said. He laughed without humour. "Again."
"You still feel guilty."
"It was. I know it was. You solved that murder with the ice cream cone. Come on. You can admit it. You're among friends."
John's hand shook.
"We've just been on holiday," he said. "I had a nice time—"
"Well obviously I wasn't going to
"Lestrade," Sherlock said, hasty, as if he'd been startled. "He's a detective inspector with Scotland Yard. He knows me. Start there."
Sherlock looks at him. John holds his gaze for a moment, swallows hard. Looks away.
"You do know that, right?"
She studied him for a moment, frowning a little, the way she almost always did when she looked at him. He was fairly sure she regretted hiring him, though she'd never actually said as much out loud.
"I thought it would be obvious once you uttered the words
She'd taken one look at John and burst into tears, and he'd found himself hugging her, making vague soothing noises and stroking her back with a hand that shook too badly to do anything else.
With some effort, he dragged himself over the center console, settled into the back seat. Set to work untying his shoes.
Back past her post complaining about her fiance's lack of interest in wedding bouquets—and oh, John now had a new sympathy for the poor bloke after what he'd just been through with Sherlock and his bloody pink roses—past the smiling selfies and gleeful announcement of her engagement. The highs and lows of a life played out in reverse.
"There are crossover areas in our research. I'd have thought that you, of all people, would understand the value in collaboration."
"Oh?" Sherlock sounded amused.
Rosie flailed at the sight of him, her face crinkling up into a gummy smile.
"The Wexell Cup is next week. We'll have more people trickling in when it gets closer to race day. Seems like everyone wants to get a good look at him."
They should have wheeled Sherlock down to her by now. But they hadn't. That wasn't part of the plan. That wasn't part of the plan, and neither was the gunshot that had been reported up on the roof. No one had told her anything and she thought she might chew through her lip while she stood waiting, frozen, half-panicked and unsure.
"So were you just going to not mention it, or—?" Harry's voice in his ear. The phone. He was still on the phone.
"John," Sherlock said.
Cold.
"The struggle was brief. Vicious." Sherlock swallowed, his gaze flitting around the room as he tracked John's probable movements. Stumbling over the coffee table would have been enough to bring John roughly to his knees, his assailant falling forward with him (assuming he maintained his grip). They'd have rolled. John would have kicked out, it was a small room and his foot would have almost certainly impacted the television stand—he hesitated, looked at the shattered television where it had fallen, and yes, that fit. "The television struck the assailant on the way down. Not enough to incapacitate him, a glancing blow based on the positioning, but enough to allow John to retrieve his mobile. I suspect he was in the process of dialing 999 when—" he stopped again.
"Engaged," John said weakly. "Puns, now. Good. Yeah. Next you'll be writing the blog entries."
Had he ignored the obvious answer? That John's scent had been so close because John had, in fact, spent the night in his room? That John had awakened guilty and alone, had then been further distressed by Sherlock's arrival?
he thought, miserably.
"What case?" John's face felt hot. He struggled to keep his voice down. "What case could possibly—?"
The impulse had been to tear out into the night in search of her.
Because if (when) John left and took Rosie with him, when they found themselves in need of a more suitable living arrangement, he'd not be able to live with the silence anymore. He knew that.
something. He sat down to write out Christmas cards (better late than never, yeah?), caught himself signing the second one
He is meant to let him go. He just did not expect to be doing it so soon. Being inside the aquarium has addled him, has muddled his mind like silt stirred up at the bottom of an unsettled sea.
Sherlock breathed out as Anderson walked away, took another prim little sip of his drink.
There was a crowd. Men and women he'd never seen, pressed together in the pews. It surprised him. He had not expected there to be a crowd.
"Right about what?" he demanded.
"Step out of there," he said. His voice was steady.
"You managed just fine," Sherlock said, smiling a little bit.
"Right," John said again. He stood up, took a step back. His knees popped. He was tired, all of a sudden, the weariness that had been lurking throughout his meeting with Harry had seeped into his very bones. He feared he had made the man uncomfortable, which was
He thought about warm summer sunshine, of light glinting off of russet fur. He'd picked Redbeard up out of a box of wriggling puppies, held him close, giggled as he'd laved his face with a warm rough tongue.
"Because I don't want to do this anymore," she said.
"Case," Sherlock says. He smiles, a bright, false thing. "Haunted morgue, missing cadaver. Weren't you paying attention?"
"All right," John echoed. He dropped his hand from Sherlock's cheek, smiled. It was a bright smile, unfettered, joyful. It lifted years from his face. "All right, good."
Sherlock slumps against him, breathing hard, a familiar and comfortable weight, and for a moment he wants—
"Hi," John echoed, a little bewildered. He'd met her a handful of times at Baker Street, of course, but hadn't been under the impression that she and Sherlock were particularly close.
He finished his drink, chanced a glance in her direction. She was wearing the grey t-shirt she'd died in.
"Thank you," he said, out loud, to his empty room. He looked at his door.
"What are you doing?" Sarah asks. She has never been one to mince words. He'd liked that about her when they'd first met. They'd tried dating once, but it had fizzled out quickly. Sherlock's fault, he supposes. Lots of things had been Sherlock's fault.
"He swears he didn't meant to," John said. He looked up at the ceiling, shut his eyes. "That he'd fully intended to come and wish me well, but then he just—"
Mary grinned, a crooked impish smile, and tilted her head slightly. It was an endearing smile, and he found himself smiling back. He had the distinct impression that he was being flirted with, which hadn't happened in a very long time.
He went to her, lifted her up in his arms. He was laughing, he realised, perhaps the first genuine laugh he'd let out in months.
There was a jagged hole in the ceiling above him. Dust danced in weak, distant shafts of light.
The creaks and groans of the old house settling around him had him on edge, leaping to his feet, pacing, smoking cigarette after cigarette. The knife wound in his side had healed badly, and it pained him.
"You're smiling."
"Are you all right?" she asked, finally. There was a sort of forced politeness to the question, an impatience that she could not quite conceal.
John's chair.
Culverton Smith was on the telly.
"I'm glad I was wrong," Pete said, turning around as the music started to play. He held out his hand, smiled. "Shall we?"
He shut his eyes, breathed through his nose. "Did you go anywhere else?"
He looked up. She was looking at him looking at his phone.
He was tired. He had not slept. There was little point, not with the directionless energy vibrating along his skin, humming in his veins, leaving him restless and unfocused and ill at ease. He could barely bring himself to sit down for any length of time.
Sherlock was dipping a linen napkin in John's water glass, using it to mop the scribbled moustache from his upper lip.
"Foolish," he said again.
"When the police are out of their depth—which is always—they call me."
"Where is Mary?" John asked, finally.
"Had to find some way to pass the time. Mycroft is getting slow in his old age."
"He died there."
His thoughts took him to strange places in the night, that was all. It made little sense to miss Sherlock, Sherlock who alive and well and only on the other side of London in the flat that used to be theirs.
John smiled without humour, looked down pointedly as he tugged at his restraints. "I think I might."
"He's got an excellent costume."
"No," John laughs unsteadily. "You know what, I really don't think you do."
"Because," Sherlock hissed, stooping slightly so that their noses nearly brushed. His breath puffed harsh and angry against John's face. "The attendant—" he jerked his head to the left, in the general direction of the front of the shop, "—is mere minutes away from completing a draft of an outraged email to the
"Oh," he says. He shrugs, at a loss. "I don't—anything is fine."
and he hesitated, breathed out hard through his nose. "When we caught up to you, when I saw you again, I was so—I just wanted—"
Or Christopher Thomas, or Reginald Teller, or Vincent St Clair, for that matter.
for this little ficlet. This is so lovely, I can't thank you enough!
Sherlock shifted where he stood, looked at the coffin. Above and to his left, one of the overhead lights had begun to falter. It hummed and buzzed, faintly flickering.
He'd been one of the first friends John had made after enlisting. He'd had a high-pitched, infectious laugh that had pissed off their commanding officer to no end. Evan had seemed younger than his years, had possessed a strange sort of innocence that had made John want to shield him from the worst of the world. They'd made a pact to watch each other's backs, but John had, even then, suspected that he'd be the one doing most of the watching.
"I'm going to need someone to cover my shift," he said absently, moving towards the window. He pressed himself against the wall, peered through the dusty blinds.
"The car," he said.
"Actually, you know what?" John approached again, ignoring the voice inside that begged him to retreat while he still had some semblance of dignity to his name. "Sherlock, would you mind if—can I borrow you? Just for a moment?"
"What," John says, his voice low, deliberate. He pauses, swallows. "What do you mean by that?"
John makes a startled sound, but does not move away. After a moment he brings a cautious hand up to stroke down Sherlock's back.
As soon as it had booted he logged into the messaging program.
was where Sherlock would step in.
"John—"
"It's not that I don't think about Mary," he says, finally. "And what happened there. It's just—I wasn't there, Sherlock. When she—" he smiles again, a hard thing, lips drawing tight against teeth. "That whole night. Everything. It was all a blur. There was a gunshot, and then I was running, and then she was—she was—what I'm trying to say is that it could have been
The alley had gone silent but for the gentle patter of rain.
It was dark, and very warm, and John felt as though he'd been wrapped in wool. He opened his eyes, groaned, shut them again. His head ached.
He could not help but think about how quickly Janine had settled in at 221B. Case or no case, ruse or no ruse, she'd made herself comfortable in a way he would have thought impossible had he not seen it with his own two eyes.
Mycroft scoffed. "You're not serious."
And the laughter died in his throat as he realised there was no one to share the news with.
Straker had become agitated. He'd expressed concern for the safety of the horses, Silver Blaze in particular. He'd kissed his wife good night and had gone back out towards the barns, carrying a torch. This was not entirely unusual, she'd said. His nerves were often high in the weeks and days leading up to a big race. He was in the habit of spending occasional nights in the barn, keeping the night watchman and the horses company.
The man took advantage of his momentary distraction, lurched to his feet with a pained cry. He took two stumbling, crashing steps towards Sherlock, bare hands grabbing at Sherlock's coat, throwing them both backwards into the railing.
"Am I?" Sherlock whirled back to face him. "That's what you do. That's what you've always done."
"This is a terrible idea," Sherlock said. John in his heavy parka, John with his brave face and his Semtex vest. John's broken voice parroting Moriarty's words
Janine stepped up close. John forced a smile onto his face. He could smell her perfume, the cloying scent that had slowly but surely taken over the rooms at Baker Street.
To John, the heavy, sugared aroma in the bakery air was almost overwhelming. Too many confections in such a tiny space.
"Selfish, you said," Sherlock presses on. "For telling me you don't want to leave. You felt it was selfish of you to express that, when we were in agreement that you'd have to go."
"Shh," Sherlock said. He dropped to his knees, fiddled with the doorknob. There was a click, and the door eased open with a rush of cool air.
John smiled again. It made him look younger, that smile.
"I—" he says, speaking clearly, leaving no room for argument or misconception, repeating himself
"Yeah," John said. "Home."
"But you're unhappy," Sherlock says, desperate now. "You've been unhappy."
"You have news," he said.
Sherlock opened his mouth.
He popped the cork. The sound was like a gunshot.
He'd been—he'd been on the sofa. He'd been trying to write an email to Sherlock, he'd been trying to explain, trying to—trying to—
She'd had her hands on him. She'd had her mouth on him.
He nodded slowly, his heart kicking against his ribs.
He stands up without meaning to, smooths his suit jacket. Frowns at himself. Starts to sit back down but is interrupted by John's appearance in the doorway. He freezes, caught between sitting and standing.
He is grateful that Lynn Straker does not appear to have returned. He does not want to be present when she learns the truth.
John did not feel clever.
"No, thanks, I'm good."
He stared at the man's back and focused on his breathing, clenched and unclenched his hand.
"You solved it ten minutes ago. You're just drawing it out."
"You said you'd never been," John said, hesitating for a moment, and then perching on the edge of the mattress. He reached out to grasp a slim wrist, feeling once more for Sherlock's pulse.
"Dick," John said, but he was smiling, a genuine smile, and that was good enough.
"I can only presume the cadaver
"It's too tight."
There was no panic on Lestrade’s face. He was out of breath, huffing a little bit, but—smiling?
Originally posted
If he'd stayed.
"Ah," he said. He looked down at Rosie in his lap. His mouth had gone dry. "I—um. Haven't been thinking that far ahead, really. Been focused on the day-to-day."
"I'm dead," he says, and he starts to laugh.
He did not miss her. Not really. The knowledge made him uncomfortable. He did not like to think about it. He still grieved her. He still woke up some nights, drenched in sweat, remembering the wet bloom of blood on the front of her shirt, the way she'd held his gaze and gasped out her last words. He still talked to her, sometimes, even though he no longer saw her ghost lingering in doorways.
John sighs, and there is a tired laugh caught somewhere in that sigh. He looks at the plate in his hand, seems to realise it no longer needs washing. He turns off the tap.
Wiggins sighed. Shuffled his pages.
Sherlock studied him. He tilted his head, a small, tentative nod. "Do you have someone you can call?"
"Sarah," he said. He grimaced into his coffee.
He thought of Janine telling him
"We'll talk tomorrow," he said. Assuming he still had a job.
"Oh," Sherlock said. His voice emerged very quiet, very soft.
He could not recall what flavour of cake had been served at his own wedding. He certainly hadn't gone to any tastings. Whatever it was, Sherlock had most likely picked it.
Sherlock turned, slowly, straightening up. Meaning to say:
John barks a laugh, looks at Sherlock incredulously. "What do you base that on?"
It would not be the first time that he's mistaken the John that lives in his head for the John that
"Is it?"
"Oh, come on," John said.
John put his knee on the man's back, pinned him easily. His heart thudded in his chest. He felt, strangely, like laughing.
she took the Tube?"
It had hurt, terribly, to be left behind. He was not immune to sentiment. He loved John. He would always love John. He'd wanted to keep John near to him, always. But John had not wanted that. And so Sherlock had let him go.
He threw a cautious glance at Sherlock, wondering what horrifying new personality he was about to unleash.
He turned, set the violin back down. John was standing in the kitchen, Rosie limp and sleepy in his arms. She'd been bathed and dried, dressed in soft pyjamas.
He shrugged. "It's your home, Watson. For as long as you wish to call it such."
The words struck him, though she could not have possibly known their weight. He sniffed, looked down at the ground.
"Of course," John said. He shifted where he stood, waited.
Two years back, a reporter had uncovered a vein of corruption within New Scotland Yard. She'd published a series of articles alleging that police incompetence had led to an overreliance on outside consultants—namely one unauthorized individual, who was ultimately accused of committing several of the crimes he'd been tapped to solve.
"Oh," Sherlock had said, smiling a false bright smile. "Did you invite her to tea after all?"
It felt important. Was it important? Or just his mind, refusing to let go of a meaningless wisp of dream?
Sherlock had said to him in the hazy pre-dawn hours. Had he been thinking about this? Had he been turning it over and over in his mind, exploring the idea from every angle?
"John, did you see?" Janine turned towards him, still grinning. Her makeup had smudged a bit under her eyes, and her hair was mussed and unruly from the damp. Her eyes were bright, her smile infectious. "When he said—"
A woman named Julie:
Nothing.
John pauses by the glass, looks in. The tank with its looming sculptures and jagged rocks and dispassionate residents seems somehow more imposing, here.
"Rubbish flat, boring job," Sherlock said. He leaned back from the microscope, fixed John with that penetrating stare. "That's what you said. You've divested yourself of the job, now all that remains is the flat."
Her friends. It had to be one of her friends. An ex, perhaps. Or someone with a crush. Someone who felt the man she'd chosen to spend her life with was undeserving of her affections.
"John!" he shouted, but it was hopeless.
She was
"I can't even begin to imagine how that might work."
"It's why you're here, innit? The horses?"
, but there had been loads of cocaine and the looming spectre of Culverton Smith to keep him occupied. Once the distractions had been taken away, oh, that was when the true hell had set in.
"Be careful," he said. "I know this bloke only goes after the grooms, but he
John nudged him aside, took the jack out of the boot. Went back around to the offending tyre. Sherlock followed behind him, too close.
Janine barked a laugh. She sniffed, looked away, a smile pulling at her mouth. "Stop trying to cheer me up.  You're rubbish at it."
She had answered the door in an old t-shirt, her hair piled haphazardly on her head. There had been a bewildered smile on her face, a smile that had fallen when she caught sight of Walsingham over Sherlock's shoulder.
Walsingham shrugged, helpless, sweating and miserable in his wilted tuxedo. "I thought—perhaps—illness? Or—?"
"No, thanks," John said. "Just looking for Dr Hooper, but I must have missed her."
"You know. Sherlock. Getting married."
Sherlock shut his eyes, shook his head. His movements were slow, restrained in the way they'd been ever since the Smith case, when he'd had to be mindful of his healing body. His bruises had faded, but he still moved carefully.
"There you are."
"St Clair nipped off to the gents immediately following his wedding ceremony, and was discovered half an hour later in the church basement at the foot of the stairs." Sherlock pointed at another photograph. "He'd suffered a broken neck, and displayed bruising consistent with a fall. Post-mortem blood testing revealed him to be quite inebriated—apparently he'd required a fair bit of liquid courage to go through with the ceremony—and the basement door was meant to have been locked. The bathroom was just down the hall, so naturally, Scotland Yard's finest assumed he'd simply opened the wrong door and—well." He smiled, a quick flash of teeth. "There was no suspicion of foul play."
"I'm sure it will be a lovely wedding," she said.
"You want to have cake," she said, and let out a surprised little laugh. "Seriously?"
—?" John started as Sherlock opened the door and dropped into the driver's seat.
Sherlock says nothing, but his eyes do not waver from John's face.
"Take mine," Sherlock says.
Mrs Hudson, Lestrade, Molly and Mycroft gaped back at him, a herd of sluggish animals, blinking and surprised and he wanted them
Might John have been confused by Sherlock's appearance because he had not, exactly, been alone at all?
"Rosie," Sherlock said, and nodded. "Of course."
"Talk to someone," he said. He smiled tightly. "Mm. You've said, yeah."
"See?" she said. "I was calling the police."
"You hate it when I do that."
When she turned back, Sherlock was once again sitting up. The wild-eyed energy had fled him entirely. There was a slump to his shoulders, and something terribly young and bewildered in his face. He reached up, touched his shoulder, ghosted his fingers over the place John had laid his hand.
He has steady work at the surgery, a continuous stream of cases with Sherlock, evenings at Baker Street with Sherlock and Rosie—takeaway and crap telly and Mrs Hudson slipping in with trays of tea and biscuits.
"I'm—"
"Yep."
They stopped at the sink. Sherlock leaned against John, worryingly quiet and docile.
"Hello, Molly," he said. He touched the photo, let his hand drop.
"She has a lot of toys and things. Says her daughter's outgrown them. She's planning on binning it. Thought maybe you'd like some of it for Rosie."
"So you're not—?" John was still talking,
John blinks, looks back at him. He raises his brows.
Sherlock watches them. John is frustrated. It is telegraphed in the quick, jerky motion of his hands, in his heavy sighs, in the tight twist of his mouth. Rosie is uncooperative, uninterested in her breakfast, teetering on the edge of a full-blown meltdown. She has begun to whinge, the sound persistent, droning.
flying in the face of common sense, you seem to want me here anyway. And, God help me, I want to be here too. So."
"Of bloody course it matters."
"I'm not dead," John said, just to have something to say. "That's—surprising." His throat was dry, and his voice emerged graveled and hoarse. It seemed very loud in the close stillness that had enveloped them.
He looked away from her and back at the corpse with its rigid shocked face. He and Mycroft had planned for several contingencies. Moriarty had chosen for him with one pull of a trigger.
(See the end of the chapter for
He'd quite liked spiders, once. Was fascinated by their habits, mesmerized by the meticulous construction of their intricate webs.
John scrubbed a hand over his face, yawned. "What time is it?"
There was a man standing behind his desk, bending over to examine the computer. He straightened as the door creaked open, offered a large smile.
John blinked, hard. Moisture leaked from the corner of his eyes.
They took a late morning train to East Grinstead.
"She changed her mind so quickly," John says. He cannot seem to move past this. "One glimpse of a face from the past and just—just like that. She gave everything up."
The guard pressed his keycard against the reader. The cell door swung open. "We’ve been instructed to let you go.”
"Christopher Thomas," Sherlock said again. Impatience had crept into his voice. "You said his name. What about him?"
"You say that like it's a bad thing."
"Well. That's a lovely visual. Thank you."
"Yeah, no, no murders," Lestrade said, still smiling genially. John supposed nothing Sherlock said could shock any of them, anymore. Not after all this time. "Planning one would be illegal, first of all, and second of all I thought you learned your lesson last time about not investigating while pissed."
"Yeah," John said. He took a deep breath, decided to take the risk. Stepped forward, cupped Sherlock's cheek in his hand.
John's shoulders had stiffened, and his step had faltered slightly, but he'd gone on up the stairs without looking back.
"I've read your file," Sherlock said.
"Really, though," John said, and suddenly he wasn't laughing any more. He fidgeted in his chair, looked down at his hands. "I'd like to. Really, I would. But."
"Sorry for ruining your night," John said. "Cheating you out of your midnight kiss. And. For—" He did not know where to begin. He was sorry for all of it, he supposed.
"You're thinking about the case," Sherlock says.
The room inside was dark, musty and damp. He stepped forward. Around him, familiar shapes rose out of the darkness, dusty and worn. The sitting room at Baker Street.
John stared after them for a moment, a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth. He'd flirted with her automatically, the way he used to, years ago. That was—that was something.
"Meeting you changed me for the better," John says. "And losing you was—um. It took me a while. Mary helped. A lot, actually. But the thing is, Sherlock, you were always there."
Sherlock had frowned at his brother as the car slowed and pulled alongside the kerb in front of a strip of nondescript shops. One storefront was clearly vacant, windows blacked out.
John frowns, because this cannot possibly be true.
"Shit," he said, when he'd made it halfway down the street. "Shit."
She studied him for a moment without speaking. Then she shut the door behind her, folded her arms.
does have a nice ring to it."
John reaches again for his bottle, looks at the amber liquid inside. He thinks about the way Sherlock's hand had trembled around his glass that night at the Cross Keys. He takes a sip, and thinks about the months he'd spent trailing in Sherlock's wake, thinks about the way Sherlock had seemed, to him, like a miracle personified. He takes another sip, and thinks about all of the things he'd never said, all of the words that had piled up in the back of his throat, all of the words he'd choked back.
"I told you I consider her my protégée."
It had seemed important.
He could see her struggling with the turn in the conversation. "Oh?"
John took a step forward, placed a tentative hand on Sherlock's arm.
John laughed, the sound almost involuntary, like a hiccup. He did not remove his hand from his face. "Fuck you."
"That bad, hm?"
"I was so hoping you'd say that," Sherlock said. "If we go to the video—"
He went further into the flat, noted the bold, clashing wallpaper choices, the mismatched furniture, the jumble of laboratory equipment on the kitchen table, the thick layer of dust coating it all. The flat smelled faintly of must and old books, the overall effect not entirely unpleasant.
Sherlock blinked once, a slow languid motion. He did not look away from the steering wheel.
He shifted where he stood, returned his gaze to the woman. Did not speak.
Christine Thomas accepted the request immediately. She also sent a response to his message.
She shrugged, the silken fabric of the dressing gown slipping against her slim shoulders. "I owe him a favour. I don't like being in anyone's debt."
He found himself quite unwilling to look.
Sentiment seized him, making his chest clench.
Sherlock flinched from his name, unfolded from the ground in a rush. John scrambled to his feet, pulling himself up against the skip, his knees creaking.
No words. But it was enough.
"I'll bet," she snorted.
John sighed and pressed forward, tilting his head ever-so-slightly, letting his lips part. The hand cupping Sherlock's cheek slid back to curl around the back of his neck, fingers sliding through soft dark hair. Sherlock made a muffled, strangled sound, yielding to the kiss. John's other hand crept up Sherlock's side, crumpling the hem of his soft t-shirt.
The room was very quiet.
"Then stop being stupid," she said. "Stop—stop
She'd dropped the small black pearl into his palm. It was warm. He'd looked at it for a moment. Smiled.
She looked stricken. "Have you spoken to your friend? Since—?"
When Sherlock was six years old, his family—and his home—was swallowed up by a howling storm.
There is a reason he is here in the narrow hallway between the kitchen and his bedroom. A reason that has nothing whatsoever to do with John Watson and clean skin and the scent of mint toothpaste and aftershave.
"That's never mattered before!"
"Mary Morstan," Sherlock said, and wasn't this all getting a bit tedious? John was all set to marry the woman, obviously his feelings for her were stronger than whatever he'd shared with Sholto.
John made a frustrated sound. "Well. You could tell if he's lying, for one."
Would he smile? John did not deserve a smile, but oh, God, how he wanted one. It had been such a long time. Almost a year, now. Almost a year.
"Baker Street," Sherlock said. He blinked slowly, his eyes glassy under the streetlamps.
"Yeah," John said, still not recoiling,
The world, he thought, had moved on without him.
"Mm," John said. He hesitated for a moment, not entirely sure what to make of Sherlock's quiet tone. "You're awake."
say, after all this time?
"Your cake. It's only just occurred to you that you never actually tasted it. Not your fault. Things did get a bit—distracting. What with the attempted murder and all."
"Yeah," he said. He thought about the man, the
"Well. If 'distressingly unobservant' is the best quality you have to offer, then I suppose—"
"There are beehives," Sherlock said. "Out back."
Acrylic paint. No oils. He supposed offering her turpentine would have been tempting fate.
"That's all right," John said. He smiled to himself, a private thing. "I don't mind."
"The Royal Society expressed an interest, regardless. There were certain abnormalities."
while staring into her eyes. About Janine slipping that lovely, expensive wedding band onto Sherlock's finger.
"Sherlock," John said, and his voice was flat. He did not turn around.
I know that this is—this is a shit thing to lay at your feet, Sherlock. It's stupid. If I want—" he paused. Pushed on. "If I want something from you, I should just say it. But I can't. Do you understand? I
something like that, matter-of-factly, like it wasn't the most momentous thing John had ever heard.
about it, entertained the idea, teased at it—with a woman whose face he couldn't even
"No," John said, the horror of that bubbling up in the back of his throat, choking him. "Christ, no. I don't know what I'd—I—Sherlock. No. I don't wish that it had been you."
"It'll be more than just the shops, you know," John said when they drew, reluctantly, apart. "You might have caught a killer, and Janine might be getting rich—again—off this whole scheme, but your public image is bound to take a hit. The press is going to paint you as an absolute bastard"
He thinks he might be sick with it, this terrible muddle of anger and want. He has wanted for so very long.
"No," Sherlock said, and there it was in his voice, that slow bloom of realisation. "He
"Sorry to disappoint you," Mary said. She cleared her throat. "John? Maybe you'd like to reconsider where you're pointing that gun?"
But, then again, he'd proven himself fairly shit at making decisions. And when had getting what he wanted ever brought him anything but trouble in the end?
"That's a very delicate experiment."
Sherlock had said, and stopped.
Sherlock tilts his head, studies him. "Straker spent a few moments with the watchman, presumably discussing me. Terrible at his job, by the way, he'd chased me off from the barn less than an hour prior to all that, but never checked to make sure I hadn't got back in. Straker mentioned wishing to evict me from the inn and returned to the house. While he was gone, the night watchman consumed nearly the entire meal, then slumped over out of his chair. I made sure he was still breathing, then I sat back to observe."
"That is what you're here as, yes?" Sherlock peered at him, eyes pale and focused, no warmth anywhere. "A client?"
There was something cold trickling down his spine. He shifted in his seat, uncomfortable, edgy, his heart beating too fast.
But still, John thought, letting his finger trace the band against Sherlock's skin. For one night, it would be nice to pretend.
"To be fair, he doesn't look entirely happy," Sherlock said. "In fact, he appeared quite nervous around the horse."
A cold sleety rain beat heavily against the windows, rendering escape outside for a temporary reprieve impractical.
"Sherlock," John says. His voice is strained. He gets hoarse when he has not slept well. Sherlock wonders if he knows that. "I, uh—"
"No,” he said into the phone. “I’ll call you immediately if something occurs.”
Now he found himself unable to shake the notion that Sherlock had simply wanted him out of the way.
"She was real. Yeah. She just wasn't who she said she was," John said.
His eyes burned. He braced himself against the counter, pressed his hand to his face. Breathed. He could not recall the last time he had felt so utterly, miserably alone.
"What?" John said.
"You deleted Victor because it
"Oh?" Sherlock kept his voice light. He stared out the window. The street below was blurred, indistinct.
So John had retreated as well. The fridge had been looking rather bare of late, and Sherlock had an alarming tendency to fill empty spaces with unpleasant things.
"Silver Blaze," she says.
"She could have asked me herself," Sherlock said. He and Rosie emailed with some regularity. She'd mentioned nothing of the sort.
She fixed him with a long, level look. Her eyes were tired.
Sherlock had lifted his head, met his brother's eyes. Had frowned at what he'd seen there, returned his attention to the last canvas. Carefully drew away the wrapping.
They'd sat up well into the night, faces cast blue in the glow from Sherlock's screen as the texts rolled in. In his mind, Sherlock plotted a map of London, vivid rose-coloured dots wherever she had been spotted.
Sherlock drops the pill, goes to the window.
"This is—" Sherlock said, and stopped. He did not seem to know what to say.
"You said there were others. Associates of yours. People you could depend on." The rain had begun to lighten up, barely more than a fine mist against John's face. "Tell me how to find them."
"Right," he said. He cracked his knuckles. Sent friend requests to each of the four bereaved spouses.
"Then speak," she said, angry now, no—not angry—
"That's our design. That's—you stole our design!" John shouts, dragging Moriarty forward so their faces are very close.
It startled a laugh out of her, a high, nervous sound. She looked down at her tea. "Oh. Um. That's good."
"Ah," Mycroft said. His tone was smug, but there was an undercurrent of weariness. "I should have known this would be about Dr Watson. And how
Bell turned back to him. "Yes," he agreed. "The house can't be saved. The floor—" he hopped in place, the boards beneath him complaining and swaying, "—is compromised. There's rot in the beams. The foundation's cracked."
Rosie reached for John and he took her, lifted her into his arms. She was warm and heavy where she settled against his chest.
"You were my ghost," Sherlock said. He was close enough that his exhaled breath ruffled John's hair. "You haunted me, John. You haunted my every step."
She pressed her lips together, so tightly they went white. She nodded, once.
"John," Sherlock says. It hurts to speak, for some reason. His throat feels closed up and raw. "No one would blame you for avoiding this place for the rest of your life. You have nothing to prove."
"Wait," John said.
He turns, fist clenching at his side.
"What the hell is going on?" he managed. Blood pounded in his ears. Everything was too bright, too close, too loud.
"I know him," she said. Firm. Certain. Unwavering.
"And then you'd knock on the door and save the day."
"Hard to believe I ever looked that young," he said. His lip curled slightly, an unconscious expression of distaste.
The posts and the capital letters vanished right around the time of her wedding. There was a conspicuous gap in her activity lasting several months. The Jennie that eventually returned seemed more subdued. She did not smile in her newer photographs.
"Understand what? How big of an idiot I really am?" John looked away.
"In case you have doubts."
"Sherlock Holmes," he says, and offers his hand.
He takes another sip, and wishes he'd told Sherlock, even just once, how much he'd loved him. It might have meant nothing, or it might have meant everything. He'll never know.
John turned away, scanned the audience again. He saw amusement, and impatience, and confusion. Lestrade had his head in his hands. His shoulders were shaking with suppressed laughter. Molly was staring up at the ceiling. Mrs Hudson was crying.
sure you had a great birthday this year."
John smiles. It is not a happy smile. "A year ago, I'd have thrown a punch at anyone who dared suggest that."
John stood up, still frowning.
"Sherlock," John said. "Mycroft has been a part of Rosie's life since she was small. He's family."
"This is sweet," a lilting, teasing voice from the doorway.
"No," Sherlock said. "He'd just put his daughter to bed and he'd not risk waking her. The telly might have been on, but he'd have kept the volume low. It shouldn't have been enough."
Walsingham had said, but he'd not noticed her demeanor had changed before she'd dropped the bouquet, not after.
"James Moriarty knows where Sherlock is?"
Sherlock maintained a rotating stable of false Facebook accounts. He had, it seemed, spent years building them up—adding photos, checking in at various locations, cultivating a varied enough list of friends as to make them seem entirely real. Real enough that he could usually get a client (or suspect, or witness) to accept a friend request without second thought, thus opening up their entire history of social media posts for his perusal.
"Look," John said. He breathed out hard, sat forward on the sofa, put his elbows on his knees. The phone was warm against his ear. "She did have a point. About—about this bloke Moriarty. If he's as mad as he seems to be, if he's that dead set on finding you and killing you, he'd have a backup plan."
There is a third in a spate of mysterious suicides that has set all of London on edge. He follows the case in the papers, waits to be called.
Charles McCarthy, dead at the bottom of a well, his son in prison. A lie, meant to protect.
"This would have upset her," Sherlock said.
"You'll be looking for a place to stay."
"Impeccable reasoning, as always."
. But he's dead, and I hardly think it matters to him what he's called."
And of course, a huge thank you to
"Would not have been nearly as expedient."
Right. Intimidation tactic.
Years ago, on a similarly cold and clear Christmas Eve, they had stood outside Barts morgue together, blowing smoke up towards the sky.
That leaves one option, and a fairly good one, so John goes back down the stairs and out the door and walks the short distance to Regent's Park.
"John?"
"Who cares?" he finally managed to say.
For a moment there was nothing more than the quiet sound of Sherlock breathing and the shrieking gusts of the storm outside. Then Sherlock moved, leaning forward, ducking out of sight.
"Just. Didn't expect to ever—" he cleared his throat again. "This is him, obviously."
"What?"
The evening air was chilly and John did not linger on the pavement outside the Baker Street flat, tucking Rosie close against him and hurrying through the front door.
"Not until he was dead."
It had been a blow to the ego, he supposed. But a mild one. The flirting had been little more than a reflex. He wasn't interested in—he hadn't thought seriously about—not since Mary, not since everything that had happened.
What did that say about him?
"So. The head was in the gift shop the whole time," John says. He steps further into the room, clicks on a lamp. The soft light is disorienting after the hours spent in darkness.
And he'd failed. He'd failed utterly, completely, irrevocably.
guilty and not really feeling particularly remorseful at all. Someone had clearly raked fingers through his hair. His shirt collar had been tugged to the side. There was a vivid smear of red lipstick on his neck, still damp.
They did not talk about his wedding. They did not talk about Mary. He had slipped.
"She'll be back again tomorrow. For breakfast, she said." John smiled a bit, took a step into the room. "I think that means it's your turn."
There was a sour twist to Sherlock's mouth.
"We got drunk in Vegas, ended up married. An absolute cliche. An avalanche of bad decisions."
"Sorry," the man said. He did not sound particularly sorry.
"Hm?"
"Oh, good," Sherlock said. "It's always nice when you finally start paying attention."
John shook his head, watched as the man was roughly wrestled to the ground. There was a great deal of shouting and clinking of bottles. It was all a bit ridiculous and, he supposed, rather needlessly dramatic. If the man had wanted off the plane before takeoff, surely he could have just approached a flight attendant.
He'd left St Caedwalla's in an odd state, at once jittery with nervous tension and sluggish with a bone-deep exhaustion he thought he might never again shake off.
was being particularly generous.
John had not joined him on the sofa to offer his regrets or his embarrassed apologies. He'd sat down looking to continue where they'd left off. And now he was leaning back, putting distance between them and that was wrong. The situation needed to be rectified immediately.
Sherlock smiled at him. It did not quite reach his eyes. He took a deep breath. "The texting."
"Put the kettle on on your way out," Sherlock said.
Sensing his unease, Henry growled again.
is wrong with you?"
She stepped away from him, picked up a dressing gown from the arm of the sofa and slipped into it. Turned back as she tied the sash, her eyes flashing. "You tell me. You're the one who asked for my help."
Rosie had the sniffles, kept wiping her nose on the back of her hand. He'd fussed after her with tissues and hand sanitiser for a bit, and had eventually given up. He wondered if the other mothers were judging him for that, finding him inadequate.
"No strawberry," Sherlock said, stepping forward to stand very close to John. Their shoulders brushed as he leaned forward to peer down at the cakes.
John lifts his brow, a silent question. Says nothing.
"Sherlock?" John's voice behind him, concerned.
Pete looked like he wished he could be anywhere else. His hand shook.
Sherlock's back twinged. He was not young anymore. Perhaps he should have thought of that before they'd got—carried away. Bed sounded nice. He wondered when was too soon to start hoping for that next time.
He hunted around for a power cord, plugged it in.
John smiled tightly, met her gaze. His own gun pressed against his back. He did not dare reach for it.
was a sensation, that was something he was going to want to remember, except it was all happening much too fast to grasp on to, slipping through his fingers like water.
," Sherlock said, and suddenly seemed galvanized into motion. He threw open the car door and disappeared into the swirling storm.
and he'd forced himself not to panic, he'd forced himself to
"Well, yes."
Lestrade shrugged. "We both know you probably are."
"Mine's the better mattress," he said.
"Does that surprise you, Dr Watson?"
"No reason," Mycroft said. He smiled again, but it was a weak smile. For a moment it looked like he wanted to say more. Then he turned, went to the door.
and had cracked his brilliant, irreplaceable head open on the unforgiving pavement. and
"Is there a particular reason you are avoiding the subject of your friend?"
He lingers in the hallway for a moment, unsure.
John blows a breath out through his nose, looks down at his feet. "Right. Erm—well, this entire barrel goes into the tornado's path," he says. He pats the drum for emphasis, the sensors inside rattling gently. "It opens up, and releases hundreds of these sensors up into the funnel. The sensors record simultaneous measurements—wind velocity, air flow, rotation. We can use those measurements to build computer models, to run simulations, to find out exactly what environmental factors combine to produce a tornado. If it works, we could learn more in thirty seconds than we have in—Christ, in the past thirty years."
Uneasy, he leaves the kitchen, goes back into the sitting room. It is as he remembers it, mostly. There is still the red patterned wallpaper that made him think, fondly, of 221B. And against the papered wall is the plain, functional grey sofa he'd picked out. But Mary's throw blanket is missing. And the curtains. And the little stack of books she'd left by the door.
"The kind that might kill him. For real, this time."
He had medals that said otherwise. He had army mates, brothers-in-arms, who would
There had been no flowers at Sherlock's funeral. There had been no
"I am clean," he snaps. He draws up his sleeve. Nicotine patches climb the thin skin of his inner arm.
John's chest went cold. He flinched, forced himself not to look away from Sherlock's inquisitive gaze. "Mm?"
"Though, tomorrow I fear you'll regret telling me not to be polite," Sherlock continued, and he reached out, hesitated. There was a moment where his hand hung in the air between them before he settled it solidly on John's shoulder, steered him towards the sofa.
Sherlock does not need to look at him to know he has brought his left hand up to scratch at the back of his neck. He does that when he's uncomfortable, when he's nervous and seeking the proper words.
"I've caught someone's attention," John said. "Or several someones."
Lazarus relaxed, his bright eyes slipping shut. "Good," he breathed. "That's very good. Thank you."
"Oh, I don't know," Sherlock says. "It might surprise you."
"John," Sherlock says again. He is close, uncomfortably so, his hand on John's shoulder.
Sherlock wound through the aisles, back over to the display of records and music memorabilia. Spoke quietly to the vendor, who nodded, stooped to fetch something from beneath the table.
"Why?"
John shifted where he stood, feeling strangely hollow. He thought about how Sherlock had stood from his chair and embraced him, once, had held him quietly while he shook himself apart.
Sherlock thought miserably.
into the phone.
"No," Molly said.
And John had been dazzled by him, had been absolutely head over heels in love with him, would have followed him anywhere, but he'd been unable to get those words out when it counted. It might have made a difference. It might not have. John will never know.
"Oh," John said. "It's just. Well. I suppose it was a bit—erm—funny."
"Well," John said, grimacing. "We'll agree to disagree on that one."
It startled a laugh out of him, a genuine one. He leaned back in his chair and shut his eyes. His face flared hot.
"His body was cremated," Mycroft said slowly. "You know this."
"He's just getting dressed," Janine said. Still smiling. Still watching John with sharp eyes.
There was a birthday card propped up against the vase. He picked it up, looked at it. Multiple people had wished Molly well.
"Please just leave," he said.
"What point is that?"
Rosie jerked in his arms, startled, and he was immediately sorry, whirling away towards the door with only the most fleeting glimpse of Sherlock's face—shocked and hurt—whipping by.
"So. She was right, then," he said. He stared at the ground, his hands folded in his lap, fingers restless, worrying the thin limp fabric of his pyjamas. His voice was flat, matter-of-fact. "John Watson. Come to save me."
She looked at him. She did not ask where his thoughts had strayed.
Sherlock did not turn around. He flipped his coat collar up as he went through the door into the night.
going to be fake, right? You haven't got a vicar, or—"
"Because you give terrible gifts, Sherlock."
"Thank you," she said. She held his gaze for a moment, then looked away.
"Guess that's our cue to leave, then."
Lestrade shook his head, threw a pained look in Molly's direction. Sherlock watched the exchange, uncomfortably aware that he was being left out, shielded in some way.
He was not entirely sure he wanted to know the answer.
He smiled tightly, nodded again. He wished she'd leave him alone. She'd clearly taken pity on him, standing alone against the wall, but he could tell she was already regretting making the effort.
The kitchen tap was still dripping. He crossed the room, turned it off. Stood with his hands braced on the counter. His chest felt light, buoyant. It was an unfamiliar feeling. It seemed the sort of thing he ought to savour.
"Come on," he said to Rosie, bending to scoop her up. "We've got to go, or I'm going to be late."
Sherlock looked slightly abashed. It might have been just a trick of the light. "Always a bad idea. Texting back. I
Mycroft opened his mouth.
"I've made deductions."
"Upstairs," Sherlock had said, though it seemed silly to clarify. Surely John knew what he meant.
Mycroft could have provided him with extensive information on tidal patterns and rip currents in the area surrounding Sherrinford’s grim little island, but he supposed that Alex Garrideb would find such information neither helpful nor interesting.
He put out a hand to stop her, words dying in his mouth. The corpse twitched again, the lips pulling and then relaxing in a grotesque parody of a smile.
Sherlock blinks, reconsiders. John's face, alive and then not. All at once. The flip of a switch. The pull of a trigger. Thinks of him instead draining away, bit by bit. Blue desert sky. Indifferent sunlight.
"So you. You saw it."
Sherlock had paused in the midst of his conversation with Lily and Evie. Janine was nowhere to be seen.
climb into an idling taxi and pull away.
Sherlock rolled over in his chair, caught John's wrist with clumsy, fumbling fingers. There was a sneer on his face, curling his lip back, but it faded as he studied John's hand.
"Oh," Sherlock said. He forced his face into a neutral expression. He thought about shutting the door, thought about refusing to let John leave.
Pete looked at him. Something flickered on his face, something that might have been regret. "Come on in here, John. Or I'll shoot him."
Someone put their hand on his shoulder, asked if he was all right.
"Good," John said.
Sherlock looked away from the scenery he was not watching, called his mind back from the thoughts he was not thinking.
He thought about Baker Street. He'd felt like an interloper the last time, perched uncomfortably in his chair, muscles tensed, ready for fight or flight. Sherlock across from him, subdued and miserable and
"Christ!" He jerked his hand away just in time, stood up, breathing hard.
"Terrible," John said, later, as they walked back towards the inn. "Just—"
THERE IS A BOTTLE OF SCOTCH ON MY DESK
"I had to
He smiled, and it was a strange feeling, the way his lips curled up all of their own volition. John's very presence, angry and uncomfortable as it all was, had that effect on him.
Prompted by Pagimag on Tumblr:
"I'll put her down for a little nap on the sofa. Poor dear looks exhausted. I'm just going to sit up with a bit of telly. You come fetch her later, after you've—" Mrs Hudson hesitated, looked him up and down. "Is it the wedding? Is that what's got you in such a state?"
"Right," John said, blinking. He extended his hand. "Er—Mary. Yes. Hello."
John could not speak.
"I—" John said.
He abhors sentiment. That does not mean he does not feel it. Love is destructive, but he is not immune to its effects.
Mycroft carefully availed himself of an apple tart. "I presume you’ll be needing the guest room.”
"Are you all right?" John asked, worried now.
"Don't," John said. He relaxed his hands with some effort, but did not let them drop. He could see Sherlock's pulse jumping against the thin skin of his neck. "Don't lie to me. Please. Not anymore."
He'd looked up Janine's address, found himself in front of a small and cosy little cottage. The garden was overgrown and smelled pleasantly of wildflowers. The front door needed painting.
He did not return Mycroft's calls.
Scenario 4: John had heard his message, and—
She stared back at him, her eyes cool. After a moment, she softened. "If this is going to work, you're going to need to trust me."
"Chairs by this window, I think," John said. He walked past Sherlock, paused in front of the big picture window overlooking the back garden.
"Telly?" Molly asked.
Sherlock leans forward.  John's cheeks are hot against the cool of his palms, rough stubble dragging damp against his skin. He cradles John's face in careful hands, close enough to feel John's breath against his lips.
Sherlock stood up, smoothed his hands down his dressing gown. Hesitated for a moment, and then crossed the room to his chair. Sat down again. He was aware of Lestrade's eyes on him and refused to acknowledge him.
"Mm," John says. He does not appear surprised, or put off. "Hope you made it quick. It's worse, bleeding out. Fading away."
"What?"
Sherlock.
Downstairs, there were voices. Faint strains of Christmas music from Mrs Hudson's radio.
"I have a case."
"Yes," she agreed. "They do."
Sherlock opened his mouth. Shut it again. Cleared his throat. "Obviously."
(Should have been you.)
He shivered again. Rosie was fussing, trying to find a way down from his chair and to the floor, to resume either playing with her toys or tearing her dress. He lifted her down, careful, gentle. Sat in the space she'd vacated, went back to looking at the fire.
John laughs at that, a genuine laugh that ramps up into giggling. It is a surprisingly pleasant sound, and suddenly Sherlock is laughing too.
John had dated sporadically as Rosie had grown. It had not surprised Sherlock. John craved companionship. He craved companionship that was—different—from the kind of companionship that Sherlock himself was able to provide. Regardless of how much he'd wanted—
" Sherlock snaps, because that is the only part of what John has said that he can formulate any response to.
When his parents had sat him down to break the news about Sherlock, he had complained.
he mouthed, gesturing to Trevor, who most certainly did not have any spots.
John rubs at his chin, the morning bristles scratching against his palm. "But why?"
He stared at the milk.
"Bring Graham."
"There's only so much I can pretend, John," Sherlock said quietly.
Sherlock stumbled against him, stiff and unyielding, his heart rabbit-quick against his chest under that thin t-shirt. He was warm. He smelled good. Familiar.
John jerked in surprise, looking up sharply to meet Sherlock's eye. There was no way that Sherlock could have possibly known that he was thinking about the barista from that morning, and yet—
Harry is an alcoholic.
John had said nothing. He'd pressed a kiss to Sherlock's shoulder, his stubble rasping against pale skin.
John kept his grip light, his fingertips sliding up to dance at the edge of the faded t-shirt sleeve. He could not quite bring himself to meet Sherlock's eye.
"You're still focusing on the
"Yeah," John said. There was a smile curving at the corner of his mouth. "Yeah, I'm—I'm sure."
John draws a shaky breath.
John shut his eyes.
"Typically this sort of question demands a yes or no answer," Sherlock said. He cleared his throat, tucked in his chin. Bounced slightly on the balls of his feet.
John's hand twitched. He clenched it, pressed it against his thigh, held it still.
John could have laughed. He did laugh, tilting his head against the pillow. "No," he said, liking the way that Sherlock's lips twitched up. "Actually. I don't."
"For how long?"
"Still locked?" Mary made a sympathetic noise.
He cursed his own weakness, his own helpless affection. John had seen Mary's message, after all, had heard her say
There are footsteps behind him, coming closer. Painfully familiar, those footsteps. He knows that gait better than he knows his own.
He swallowed, looked away.
He pressed a hand against his mouth. Exhaled, warm damp breath stuttering through his fingers.
"Then what do you want, John?" Sherlock asked again. He tried to smile, but thought it might have been a weak effort. "If not Mary. If not your life in Chelmsford. And if not this life, here."
He wrestled the remote out of John's hand.
"I have a sore throat."
"Ah. I—" John shook his head, embarrassed. "I might have misled her. A bit. About all of this."
He could insult Sherlock or compliment him, could talk and joke and guide, but what he could never actually do was surprise him. In the end, Sherlock was only talking to himself.
He takes it into the bedroom, sets it on a high shelf in the back of the closet. It is not quite
"Oh," John said, finally. His mouth was dry. He thought about Sherlock heading out into the rain, Sherlock with his collar up and his back stiff as the door swung shut behind him.
"Yeah." She winked at him. "I think you are."
"Something wrong?" Sherlock asks, his voice all innocence. It is vicious, John thinks. He hadn't expected—but he
And so he boards the train and sits against the window, his hand clenched into a fist against his leg. He watches the scenery fly by and pretends he does not mind the stranger sitting next to him.
He’d tried very hard to think his way out of it, but Mummy was exceedingly clever. Ultimately, he’d had no choice but to acquiesce.
to facilitate retrieval."
John had turned and gone out of the room. He'd shut the door quietly behind him.
John blinked. "Erm—I just—I just do."
watched him wordlessly. He blinked, blinked again. His mouth did something complicated.
"Well?"
Unless—
His plans included a Tesco ready meal and a date with the telly. Rosie was in bed by seven, in spite of his best efforts to entice her to stay awake. Sleep-deprived toddlers made poor company.
She pauses in front of a closed door, unlocks it, steps aside.
There was nothing stopping him. He could stand up, he could step forward and drop to his knees in front of Sherlock's chair and take his firelight-kissed face in his hands. He could bring their lips together and pull Sherlock's breath into his own lungs. He could do that, and Sherlock would let him.
"Clearly something's happened, something serious, you wouldn't have come all the way from Chelmsford on a lark," Sherlock said, sitting forward in his chair. He'd tented his hands again, rested his chin on them. "An early train, too, though you didn't come directly here. Stopped off for a cup of coffee and a croissant—so, pressing matter but not entirely urgent. Croissant crumbs on your sleeves—you didn't bother to remove your coat. Bit too warm for that in a crowded café during the morning rush. Ate outside, then. Splash of mud on the side of your left shoe—"
He creeps back down the stairs, not wishing to impose on Lynn Straker, who surely has graver things on her mind.
His fault. All his fault.
"Yes, and I'd like it back."
"Fine," Sherlock says. "I'm in love with you as well."
Sherlock blinked. "She said
John stopped in the doorway. He looked tired.
"I have apologiz—"
John could not quite meet her eye. He took a scone. It was still warm.
"If you'd have just punched me, it might have saved a good deal of trouble. Think it through next time."
He'd tightened his arm around Sherlock.
"It needs a gentle touch!"
He stood up, poured himself a drink. Stood leaning against his kitchen counter as he swallowed it down. When he was done, he looked at his empty glass. Set it in the sink, put the bottle away.
Silence.
He lets himself sink against the wall. Puts his head in his hands, listens to the burble of the tanks.
"John Watson," she said, and her face cracked into a smile. "Get the hell on with it."
"Shouldn't leave these lying around," he said, his voice light and jaunty, far too cheerful. "Never know who might be tempted! Also you—may want to consider moving your car. Would
"Sherlock—"
Well. The
she'd whispered to Sherlock, tugging on the leg of his trousers.
"The unruly passenger? What, was he pissed?"
He saw the moment she believed him, saw the way her expression shifted. Resignation, maybe. Regret. He thought about the way she'd smiled at him back at the surgery, that charming flirtatious demeanor. Her sparkling eyes, her good humour. Her interest. Wondered why it hadn't even occurred to him that it might be too good to be true.
"I'm not really here," she said.
"Of course not. Consider it an investment in the future."
The vicar was speaking. He had a soft voice. It was difficult to hear him over the roar of the heater.
They are attracting an audience, he knows. He also knows he should be embarrassed by this. But Mary is blinking at him with something that looks like genuine confusion, confusion edging on fear, and he cannot bring himself to care what anyone else might be thinking.
He did not linger, he did not loiter, and he did not give himself a moment to question what he was doing. He stepped from the cab to the kerb and marched straight through the doors of the SIS building with his shoulders squared and his head high.
John had moved his things downstairs into Sherlock's bedroom the next day.
John was gone.
"We've 'cleared the air,'" Janine said, making exaggerated air quotes with her fingers, her voice curving sardonically around the words. "She's
The man rolled his eyes. John took that as a good sign. Sherlock tended to inspire that response.
"I wouldn't dream of asking."
"Excellent, I do love those."
Like a coward.
For a moment, it looked like she wanted to say more. She held his gaze, then nodded, stood.
supposed to be there for him. Like I was for you. After."
He sighed, stood up, went to her.
The moment of Mary's death has bled into the walls of his mind palace, has stained the walls and floor. The crack of gunfire, the sound John made, wrenching and guttural. The terrible things that came after, a churning, violent maelstrom of grief and anger. He will never be able to rid himself of it.
Sherlock swallowed, leaned his head back against the headrest. "Missing," he said.
it, hated everything that had happened between them to cause that hesitation—and then he stepped out of the flat entirely, let the door swing shut behind him.
John thinks of Sherlock in all of that tweed and corduroy, mouth stuffed with cotton to change the shape of his face. It seems surreal, like a fever dream. For a moment he wonders if he is still lying drunk in his bed back at the inn.
Sherlock had looked up at him, and there had been no mirth in his pale eyes.
He stood up, brushing bits of grass and dirt off his trousers, then stooped to retrieve a backpack that one of the teens had discarded in the mad scramble to clear the area. He held it out.
Not with Janine. Not
) is on the front of all the papers. His name flashes on a scrolling red banner on the telly, interrupting the morning weather report. People in line at Tesco murmur about it amongst themselves.
"You need medical attention."
exactly, at least feeling more like himself.
If Mary were in the room, she'd turn to him and say something like
John stops talking, lifts his head to meet Sherlock's gaze head on. He is breathing hard.
He took the suit into his own dressing room, slipped off the old jacket, stepped out of the old trousers. The new suit was a very dark grey, nearly black but not quite. The fabric was fine, smooth and soft under his fingers, not stiff or scratchy. He did not even want to imagine what it might cost.
" and he staggers a bit, presses his knuckles hard against his mouth. The world goes a bit fuzzy at the edges.
"Well, yes," she says. "You must admit that it's all a bit unsettling."
He closed the fridge without removing the box, stood for a moment with his head bowed, disappointment and a strange regret twisting deep in his chest.
"My intention was not to upset you. With Rosamund."
"Not a thing," she said. She gave him another faint smile. "Good day."
John thought:
exactly, but—"
Gone.
He whirled away; stripping out of his coat, flinging it over the back of his chair, tapping at the keyboard on John's laptop, making a disgusted noise at whatever he found on the screen, spinning off to snatch up the newspapers from the coffee table.
"Mm," Sherlock said. "They didn't get along."
He'd play, after they'd gone. He'd stand alone in the sitting room and run his bow along the strings until his muscles trembled with exertion and his thoughts quieted. Sometimes he'd compose. Sometimes he'd play familiar pieces, would roam the halls of his mind palace while his fingers danced along the neck of his violin.
Sherlock froze. Outside, the wind shrieked and howled.
John scowled at his screen. Sent the messages.
John grimaced as he stood up, grasping onto the table for support. His knees popped. "Should have done that in a bed."
"Oh," he says. His stomach chooses this poor moment to rumble hopefully. He looks down at the tray of diseased tongues. Sighs.
Another press of his lips, an unhappy frown. A twitch of his shoulders. Fighting against some more overt reaction.
His patient was little more than an indistinct shadow, cloaked in darkness.
And then John had pushed forward, one arm wrapping around Sherlock's waist, the other sliding warm and welcome along the back of his neck, fingers twining in the hair at his nape. Their lips met again, clumsy, uncoordinated, and Sherlock stumbled back against the wall, swallowing down his own surprised exclamation. John shushed him quickly, his eyes bright, amused.
"Stay," he says. His voice is remarkably steady, given the circumstances. "In case I wasn't clear last night. Stay here, with me."
It is very late. A deep, heavy silence has rolled over Baker Street. They are all asleep— Rosie, John, even Mrs Hudson downstairs.
"This is—wow—" Molly said. Her face was red, but she was smiling. Embarrassed. Flustered. "This is—um. Can we—not do this here? The performance is—it's starting, and—"
"Sorry," he said, shutting his eyes briefly before fetching a napkin and running it under the tap. "You've rung right in the middle of dinner. Rosie—"
"Oh, look at that," Jeanette said, sidling up next to him. She set a glass of beer on the table, took a sip of her own wine. She was smiling. "I didn't know there was going to be live music tonight."
"Shall I—tell the vicar you need a few moments?" he tried.
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but the words died on his tongue.
He lifted his head. His voice was very flat as he spoke. "I can't say with any certainty what might be about to happen. This woman—Eurus—my sister—
John, passing afternoons at 221B while Rosie was with the sitter. Sometimes there were clients and crime scenes and gleeful sprints through back alleys. Sometimes they just drank tea and John watched telly while Sherlock solved cases on Twitter. It was nice. It was normal.
"She'd have figured it out eventually," Sherlock said.
The scuffed black door of their flat, ordinarily a comforting and welcoming sight (foolishly sentimental, to be so attached to a place, but he has despairingly accepted it) does not draw him in the way it normally does. He swallows, hard, dread pooling in his stomach.
He reached out, his fingertips hovering but not quite touching.
"Sorry," John says again, moments later, as he descends the stairs in jeans and a soft-looking jumper that Sherlock aches to touch. His hair is still damp, his face still tired. "Shouldn't have taken so long in the shower."
"Hm, thought so."
—and then he was reeling, lurching backwards as Mary slumped limp and lifeless from his arms. Because Sherlock stared down at him with sightless eyes, blood running in rivulets down his pale slack face, his hair dark and wet where his skull had split. There was blood on his coat, his collar sodden with it.
was a bit of a shock."
John winced.
John stood in one of the small bedrooms, looking down at a jumble of old chemistry equipment that Sherlock had dumped at the cottage rather than throw out.
"Oh," John said. He shook his head, as if clearing it. "Oh. So you don't really—you wouldn't remember all that much about it, then."
exactly, but I'm pretty sure it would be a terrible idea."
Moriarty had smiled at her, a smitten, sappy little smile, and the back of John's neck had prickled in alarm because his eyes—his
"You."
"I want you to promise me that you’ll look out for your brother. That you’ll be there for him, whenever he needs you. And he will. Need you.“ She’d smiled, stroked his head again. "He’ll look up to you.”
"You can't possibly know that for sure."
Mycroft raised his brows, a brief flicker of genuine surprise, and Sherlock felt an uncomfortable stab of remorse for his sharpness.
"I miss you," Sherlock confessed. He put his head in his hands. "Not
John groans, curls forward as if in pain. His hands come up to fist in Sherlock's shirt.
It feels like Christmas morning. The victim has scratched a cryptic message into wood flooring with her fingernails, the killer has made a mistake, and Sherlock is
The man raised his brows, shifted in his seat. His hairline was receding. He begun to grey slightly at the temples.
Sherlock opened his mouth, shut it again.
John turned around, breathing in harshly through his nose, forcing himself to regain some composure. He'd fallen apart in Sherlock's arms once over this. Now was not the time to do it again.
"Did you follow me here?"
"Yeah," John said. He lifted the phone and pressed it to his ear. It was warm against his skin. "He's dead. I shot him."
The photographer had not yet begun to edit or cull out the best shots, and there were hundreds to sort through. It was almost as good as video.
"Friend things?"
He loves her, this wild-haired child with her sweet smiles and fearsome temper. He will miss her, when John leaves. His flat will be so terribly, terribly empty.
"John, as I explained earlier, the sharks are not—"
"John," she said.
"Then he'd have knocked on a neighbor's door," she said. "Or shouted until someone came. She's the most important thing in the world to him, and he'd never have left her behind. Not. Not willingly."
