“Steve,” he said again, more insistent. No response.
“Like committing to someone you really like, but maybe don't love. Someone brave, intelligent, funny and beautiful. Someone like Pepper.”
"Jarvis.”
was here, Steve was growling, “You touch him, I’ll
“What the hell do you care.”
to you, this is
“With Natasha,” Steve confirms.
Steve’s taking off his
“Yes, Mr. Stark,” Hipster Douche replied, equable, his eyes dropping meaningfully to Tony’s chest, and Tony had to give it to him: That took serious balls, taking that tone around a man with a kill count. Who woulda thought. “I know who you are,” he continued. “I’m going to have to ask you to leave anyway.”
shown you The Great Escape.”
Amanda’s smile turned wry. “Are you sure
Was that a pun? For fuck’s sake. “I'm serious, Rogers.”
Tony scowls at him. That's unfair, that is. How are you supposed to say no to that face? “You're supposed to use your powers for good, not evil,” Tony complains, and Steve twinkles at him, the bastard.
“I’m sure they love you, pretty boy,” he retorted instead. It was hard being snarky at Steve when he looked so down. Like kicking puppies. “You wanna maybe get out of here?”
Steve purses his lips like somebody’s cranky maiden aunt. “This is a reference, isn’t it?”
Tony shakes his head. Laughs softly. He can barely hear it, over the roar of the sea, of his heartbeat. “You know, sometimes… sometimes, Jarvis, you really are…. very sweet.”
and Tony tried to grip the counter and remember to breathe—
Tony kept letting it slide. Kept not— not having sex with very pretty, very willing people, and it was seriously melting his brain, which was why, probably, he went to Bruce with his problems even though Bruce was terrible with other people’s problems. He played Mr. Soft and Cuddly for everything it was worth, but the guy was basically the giantest asshole in the world — you could be dying and you wouldn’t squeeze a smidgen of sympathy from that sphincterous bastard.
“Bullshit.”
Steve narrowed his eyes. “What? No, you idiot.”
“Beautiful,” Steve murmured, spine rising sinuously off the bed, finding Tony's mouth, drawing them together. Steve kissed him lazily, sloppy, gripping his jaw and tongue-fucking his mouth. His hips had started some kind of slow rocking motion, and it made that cock rub agaisnt Tony’s oversensitive prostate, pain flaring through his nerves, on the electric edge of pleasure.
“It’s in the manual,” Tony agreed. Also, his dad hadn’t hated Steve. That had been a pretty solid clue right there, hadn’t it? There was a reason Tony hadn’t come out until more than a decade after Howard bit the dust.
Tony snorts. “Like he cares.”
Tony says, and
, Banner,” he sneered. “I’m sure you have no concept of it, but people actually want to fuck me.” He thought about the Chrises. “A lot.”
(—because you never asked me out.)
It was only when he stopped thrusting that Tony realized…. Steve was still hard.
Tony is in the lab, in fact, and half-naked, and a little sweaty, and there’s afternoon sunlight flooding into the room and— god. This is why Steve believes in the Devil.
They surfaced several hours — or possibly six minutes — later.
he wanted—
, yes,” he hisses, when their cocks slide together, in Steve’s fist, slick and hot, “God, god, just fuck me open on your cock, fill me up, I need it, Stevie, baby, I need it,” and Steve whispers, “Yeah, then take it take it,” and ruts agaisnt Tony’s body, fucks that beautiful dick into the groove of his hip, dripping with precome, his hands scattering bruises like fairy dust, mouths slotting together desperately.
Steve says something about a refill, and Tony glances at his empty mug, and thinks,
That’s right. The thing. “Jarvis,” Tony says, stretching out his arm. A gauntlet snaps onto his forearm, and Tony aims the repulsor at the chair. “Bye, Cassandra,” he murmurs, and a beam of light shoots out, setting the goddamn thing on fire.
“I was worried about you.”
Steve huffed a tired breath. “No. It’s fine. Burgers sound… fine.” He grabbed his beer and drained it in three long swallows, and Tony watched the bob of his throat, mesmerized. When he put the mug down, his lips were slick and shiny in the neon lights. “Come on,” he said shortly, grabbing his jacket. “Let’s go.”
“Okay,” Steve says. The drop of sweat has pooled in his clavicle. Some part of his brain is roaring alarms, but that part of brain doesn’t seem to control his hand, because he lifts it up, up, all the way, the nail of his index finger wiping away that perfect round drop, smearing it across his collarbone, a gleam of wetness, and Tony—
Tony blinked. “Are your telling me you haven't had sex since
all of it was
“Or just really conservative, how should I—”
“Just got Manchin to side with us on HR 431. Next week is going to be…” She whistles, cheeky and bold, and Tony tips his G&T in her direction before taking a sip.
“Young?” Steve repeats, teasing.
Tony exhales a shaky laugh. “Not
“Can I—Tell me what you want, my mouth, I could,” Steve had said, and Tony had to close his eyes, because that.
“You can punch me if you want.”
“I think his name is Karl,” Steve corrected.
why I did that,” Steve gritted out.
Again, he did it, with excruciating slowness, and Steve made another mindless, guttural sound, and again, and again, and Steve’s hips jolted right off the bed, suspending Tony on nothing, impaled on the bruising length of his cock. Tony whimpered, shivering with a white hot rush of pleasure, and then Steve began
“It was the likeliest possib—”
Jarvis blinks slowly. Like the question is confusing. “Sir?”
About halfway through this, Tony realized that Steve was staring at him.
“Jesus,” Tony said, almost to himself. He scrubbed his face once, roughly. “You really think I’m that much of a bastard, huh.”
Amanda was staring at him like he’d just mooned a nun. “Good God, I really don’t understand you Americans,” she muttered, and then—
“At my age,” Tony murmured, hands skating down that impressive chest, “you get one chance a night,
The smile dims. “What?”
Steve grins. “Oh no you don’t,” he says, and kisses Tony again, one of those fond, quick kisses, like sips of honey, and Tony’s fast, he’s got
“Right now I’m trying to figure out if you have a head injury.”
"Sir.”
“You have to get cartons,” Steve goes on relentlessly. He’s put on his workout clothes and headed to the sandbags, all of which makes it a lot easier to get mad at him again.
Where did this go wrong, Steve wonders wearily. Why is Tony so angry with him?
he demands, outraged.
So Tony drained a flute of champagne he snagged from a circulating server and walked back to Amanda.
, groan and gasp his name, and nearly lose it right there.
. I meant dinner later.” He hesitated. “Like a date. Like, several dates.”
The dread grows in Tony's stomach. Steve is getting up to his feet. “Where are you
, goddammit, he had worked
if I crush your finger into a fucking
“You did,” Tony repeats.
, she can literally buy a whole moving company—”
Tony rolled their hips together again, sliding one hand down his back, to squeeze that goddamn perfect ass. “You want to woo me, Rogers?”
“Yes, but also, like… dinner?”
Tony broke off and Steve said, “Maybe not,” in that quiet, even voice. “Maybe I don’t know what makes you happy.”
like half of it. And Tony — Tony was in his element, Tony hadn’t had this much fun since the Delta Kappa Phi naked chariot races of MIT in 1989. There were six phone numbers already stuffed into his pants, one of the Chrises had made out with him a little on the back patio, and some hunky European looking dude in nothing but a tight red Speedo was currently telling Tony how
that’s the word for it.
“No I don’t,” came his immediate reply. “No, I really don’t, because apparently I’ve been missing clues this whole— this
going to examine that — and then he says, “Take me home.”
“Do I,” Tony said again, but it was still in that soft, heartbreaking tone, and Steve didn’t know how to respond. What to say.
He said that
No, just at him. His brow was puckered into a worried frown and he looked…
Something in his face tightens, shuts down hard. “Woah there, soldier. You think I didn’t ask Pepper to move in because of you?”
”No, of course you didn’t.”
means—
“You don’t need to do this, Tony,” Amanda cut in.
“Look,” Steve goes on, both hands braced on either side of the bag to steady it, while sand bleeds out to the ground. “Since I'm likely going to not be your freeloading tenant very soon, I feel okay saying this.”
“I’m thinking of coming out,” Tony admits in a whisper.
to be straight.”
“Never mind. You know, Jarvis can keep a lookout. I should— go.”
But “Yes,” he says anyway, and follows Steve down the stairs of the house in Malibu.
It's addictive.
“Tony, I’m
“—love of god, do you never get tired of your
“Steve.” Tony's voice is hoarse. Broken.
Steve smiles, fond, eyes crinkling at the corners. His eyes are blue, blue, bottle glass and Montana skies, and Tony can’t breathe. “I'm sure I will.”
“What did she say?” Steve asked him. Bruce seemed to hesitate.
He swam to shore and sat behind a rock not willing to look at the beach. He took a deep breath and saw Steve standing on the beach. Was he waiting for Tony? He couldn’t be. Right?
“No longer at risk for a heart attack if that's what you mean.” Pepper said with her arms crossed.
Her cereal sat on the table, forgotten.
“I can see it from here.” Tony said and walked off.
“Shouldn’t I be asking that question?” Tony replied, frowning, although the man couldn’t see him.
Tony ended up with a fractured wrist, a black eye and the bottle almost made him bleed out. He had come just in time, otherwise he'd have to have a blood transfusion. Pepper and Rhodey wanted him to stay but Tony refused.
“Relax, I’m sure he didn’t mean anything by it, Tony.” Steve said, placing a hand on Tony’s shoulder.
“All of that?” Bruce gaped. She nodded.
“Pepper and Rhodey want to see Tony.” Bucky said. “Nice to see you awake.” Tony smiled. “I'll send them in.” Pepper rushed over to Tony and held his face in her hands.
“Yes, very well actually. Like very well. I actually had to refrain from hugging some of you because I haven’t seen you in forever. But not that hard since there were weapons pointed at me.” She said. “In fact Steve was there when I activated the machine.”
“Just... Pay my part with that... Or the whole meal, I don't care. I - I gotta- gotta go.” Tony said. Never moving his gaze from the table. “I just gotta…” he pinched the bridge of his nose. “Oh God I don't have a car.” He muttered.
“Your dad is here. He got me out of college to go pick you up.” She said finally.
“In the gym, hitting the punching bag.” JARVIS replied. She nodded.
“Three days?!” The small Brunette exclaimed. “How on earth did you build that in three days!?” Tony shrugged still a little nervous.
“Hey, kid.” He said. Tony sniffed and wiped his face with his arm.
“Tony, we’re going home.” Obie said. Tony found his voice.
“Your hand.” He said. She nodded.
“Am I interrupting anything?” He asked taking a look at her.
“No one knows my favorite color.” She muttered into Morgan’s hair. Morgan gave a wet laugh.
“I didn’t think a rusty old van could send me back in time.” Morgan defended.
“Then no tickets.” Rhodey said. Tony could tell he was smirking.
“Excuse me, but may I inform you that as of today, sir is 18 years old, and therefore, not a minor.” JARVIS said. Pepper jumped at the small device in her hand.
“Bruce he’s wonderful! He is so nice and so-o-o-o hot!” Tony exclaimed swimming in a little flip. “I cannot wait to spend another day with him!”
“They should be.” FRIDAY replied after a moment of silence. “They shut down after boss…” FRIDAY didn’t finish her sentence and Morgan nodded. She simply walked over and poked the nearest one who she assumed was DUM-E. It moved and she jumped back with a small cry. It turned to look (?) at her before running around her in a circle. She smiled and laughed at it’s behavior, it was like a puppy. DUM-E quickly woke up his ‘brother’s’ and they all poked at her.
If I keep adding these Bonus Chapters I'm going to run out of chapters to post but here we go anyway.
“It’s a tracker.” she said.
“Yeah, about that background check, do I have to take it?” Tony asked. The Captain knew what kind of weapons he had and most likely wouldn't kill him now. Most likely.
can’t fix.”
“Sure that’s easy.” Clint scoffed. Morgan nodded.
No on really reads the notes but I LOVE love love! Reading comments about what you think will happen or what you want to happen or even like what you thought.
“When?!” Clint asked.
“You never call me by my name over the phone. Unless you did something wrong.” Rhodey replied.
“Avengers tower.” Steve replied. Morgan choked.
“Oh God, Rhodey! What if-” Pepper started.
“H-hi I'm Tony. I'm your new lab partner.” Tony said holding out his hand. Bruce took it.
“Can’t sleep?” She heard, a female voice said. She turned around and saw Natasha. She snorted at her luck. Of course that’s who showed up. “Laughing at me?”
“You have a robot?!” Bruce blurted out. Tony laughed.
ask that you’ll trust me. I need you to fly the falcon again.” She said.
“What’s up Steve? Something I can help with?” He asked without looking up. He saw Steve shrug before standing behind Tony.
“Where did find that?” He asked. Morgan shrugged.
hung over in the morning. Steve helped him to bed and for the first time in a while, Tony had a good night sleep.
Morgan Stark was not your average child. First of all she was genius just like her father, Tony Stark. And second of all she would pass by her father’s memorial everyday on her walk to school. She still got those ‘i'm sorry’s’ and ‘he was a hero’ which was stupid considering that half of them hated him when he was alive.(It's funny how people appreciate you when you're dead.) It’s been ten goddamn years and yet people didn’t seem to get that she understood, even then, that he wasn’t coming back. Even though the Stark family was nearing the trillions in wealth she still went to a public school, Peter’s school actually. Her mom, Pepper, thought it would be nice for Tony’s daughter to go to the same school as his ‘adoptive son’. Actually it was nice, she would get to be a regular kid. But the bus wouldn’t stop at her house so walking was pretty much her only option until she was 16. One one more year and she’d be able to drive. Luckily her mom and hers apartment wasn't far from the school. She still wished she could drive though. But today wasn’t a school day, today she would spend her day at the avengers compound, with her aunts and uncles. (Mostly uncles, her father surrounded himself with men) She found it kind of funny how she had at least three homes and her own room in each. She never spent a lot of time in the same place, that was just her life. It was like her dad's life. If she was honest with herself she missed her dad, a lot, but she would never tell anyone that. It took her mom forever to get over his death and Morgan was the thing she leaned on the most. It wasn't smart because she was five at the time and didn't realize what he had done. Morgan just remembered that her mother would cry a lot and hug Morgan telling her to keep a smile on her face. Morgan loved her mom and did her best for her.
“Sorry, I give you 10 minutes, anyway, how was it?” Rhodey asked. Tony shrugged even the Rhodey couldn't see it.
“Everyone ready in case things get ugly?” Clint hissed into the comms. It was a series of quiet yes's coming in Tony's ear. He could do this. He could totally do this. It wouldn't be that hard. Just like Natasha said.
“DUM-E?” He asked.
happiness, or her life and happiness. It wasn’t a tough choice to make. Besides, she was already in too deep, now. Tony was about to say something when her phone rang. She held up a finger and answered the phone.
“Well.” He started before pausing again.
“It’s okay, you’ll get through it.” She said with a smile. “Besides, I get my life back.” She lied with a large smile on. They all nodded. “Oh one more thing.” She added. “Steve, while the rest of us go to San Francisco by plane,
“What happened ten years ago?” Bruce asked.
“I’ll meet you guys here every night and-” Tony swam down to Clint and pressed his hand to his forehead. “I give you the power to turn human for one day only. It works when your dry and I’ll leave you some clothes under a rock. Alright?” Clint nodded.
“One second, I have to do something. Don’t you dare leave.” Tony said, pointing his finger at Steve and ran off towards his room. He went into the bathroom, took his  daily pills and grabbed the mobile JARVIS, good thing he finished it yesterday. He came back and found Steve standing in the same place as before. Together, they went down in the elevator and back the ground floor.
Thank you so much for joining me on my first complete serious work. I love you all so much and thank you for the support that you've given me.
“Cool.” Morgan said. “I wanted to give him this anyway.” She pulled out a small wrapped object. Clint raised an eyebrow.
________
“We’ll get Scott and we will get her back.” Steve said. Pepper nodded.
“Same as last year.” She mumbled. Steve cocked his head to the side with a confused frown
“I will always love you.”
“Where’s my camera?” One of the guys asked. His tone was forceful and stern. Tony flinched.
“What do you mean?” Bruce asked. She shrugged.
“I’ve only been in there once and it didn’t end well. I blew something up because I was eight and left alone in the lab.” She said. “Then I wasn’t allowed back.”
“I don’t know, I had been working on prototype after prototype, so I kinda lost track of time.” Tony said.
Obadiah had a bad feeling. He didn’t know why, just that it had something to do with Tony asking to see those fireworks again. If Tony left and saw those things, he would find out he was the son of Howard and Maria Stark. Obadiah would lose his best inventor, his business would go down the drain. His fears only grew when he got an alert that the elevator had stopped at his floor. Tony was going to run. Obadiah was not going to let that happen.
“What did I do wrong? I mean, it was going fine and then they all seemed to do a full 180. And now I'm here… alone… again.” Tony said.
“I’ll pay for it. It’ll be a birthday present.” Steve assured him.
“Hey Tony.” Steve said. Tony nodded.
“We didn’t walk that far.” Steve said. Tony flushed and shrugged.
“I don’t see what the big deal is.” Clint whined.
“Rhodey, I have been told you did well!” Tony said. Rhodey rolled his eyes and pulled up Tony into a half hug.
“I know who JARVIS is but isn’t he… you know… What on earth is going on?” She asked.
“Are you sure about that kid? You don’t know what could be in there!” The driver yelled from his car. She nodded.
“As stated before, my little ‘mission’ went off course. I did not take into account every obstacle that I might have encountered while trying to find the evidence.”
“I don’t think that I would’ve let a 15 year old go back in time.” Steve said eyeing her carefully. She chuckled softly.
“Hey, come on we’ve gotta go.” She said. He was confused. She was suppose to have a class today. Why was she here.
Comments are appreciated even if you didn't leave kudos. Don't ask me why I just do, I love them.
“Yeah she pissed off one of her teachers. Tragic that girl can’t hold her tongue.” Bucky replied with a tisk.
“JARVIS, the outside world is scary.” Tony said softly as he sat down on the floor. He looked around him at the photos in the gallery, they were beautiful. He gaze at them in awe. There were photographs, and some were drawings they all looked so cool but they were all equally amazing. He had no idea pictures could look like that. Suddenly, he heard someone coming down the stairs, and he instantly tensed. The girl from upstairs was standing there look at him, looking at him. He shrunk under her gaze and moved to sit down on one of the benches nearly by. After watching him for a few minutes, she silently sat down next to him.
To her own surprise she slept peacefully that night. Not upset, not worried, not afraid of her upcoming, emanate death.
“I’m not.” She cut him off. “I’m not going to tell them. I’m going to help them though. I’m going to nudge them and if it doesn’t work then there’s no fixing them it’s fate. It’s just… I’ve been lead into a new light recently and I think I could help.” She said.
we knew something was up when Morgan was covered in paint and we didn’t do anything. We didn’t even ask FRIDAY. We should’ve all done something Steve. It’s not your fault.” He said. “Just like Tony, it isn’t your fault. I swear.” Steve nodded.
“Tony, come sit next to me.” Natasha said gently as she patted the floor next to her.
Pepper sighed, but she was happy. Tony was doing alright. He was safe and happy and working. Rhodey was with him which gave her no reason to worry. Then her phone rang.
“Damn it, Tony I’m sorry - I didn’t mean to yell. Are you okay?” He asked. Tony nodded and sat up as he put his feet to the ground.
“Is that actually Pepper?” Tony asked.
“Bye.” the call ended. Tony would be okay, he had to be. Besides, it was only for a little while. He could do this.
“There seems to be a problem that we ran into.” Jan said. “One that
“Biased!” Bucky yelled. Tony rolled his eyes.
“I remember her slamming her laptop closed and exclaiming loudly how she was ‘very done with english’” Happy said.
Thanks for reading and comments are always appreciated!
“But, here’s the thing, what if I can handle the consequences. I mean, what if I fix it all.” She said.
“No! Obie takes care of me. My parents were killed and no one would take me. He did though.” Tony said, almost defensively. No one said anything. He had no clue what to do now. He frowned.
Tony looked at the clothes, they did seem to be his size. Obie had always given him the newest clothes, whatever he wanted. These, however, seemed so cool. Tony ended up with a long sleeved, striped pink and black shirt, with a black band t-shirt on over it. He pulled on the pair of ripped black jeans, and he placed his converse back on. He looked at himself in the mirror and smiled. He liked the way the faded colors and the tears - ones put there on purpose this time! - looked on him. He walked of the room, and back into the common room where everyone was. He had a small smile on his face, and sat down next to the couch on the floor again, his legs, like always, folded underneath him. Obie had told him if he had to sit, it should be neatly and properly, and on the floor first. And if he said Tony could join him on whatever he was sitting on, then and only then was Tony allowed off the floor.
“They are not ideal, but considering you’ve never spoken to anyone but myself and Mister Stane, I’d say better than most.” Tony’s shoulders drooped. He should try to have a normal conversation at one point with them. He was genius for God’s sake he could figure out how to speak.
Two months later
“Thanks.”
“I'm happy to see you adjusting so quickly, no one can resist the Tony stark charm, I guess.” Rhodey said
“Shoot.” She said making a face. Tony stopped and looked at her.
“Okay.” Steve said.
Tony had a blinding pain in his head when he woke up. Another pain in his lower abdomen. He groaned in pain and looked to his right to see Steve with his head in his hands.
“Stop fighting it!” Obadiah said. “Or else I swear it, you’ll never see the light of day again!” Tony managed to slip a bit further away, and knocked off his gag.
“That one.”Tony said, before he could stop himself. He surprised everyone when he said that. Even himself. “That school has the best football team.” He tried. Steve pump his fist in the air and whooped.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Where are we?” Tony asked quietly. He was breathing heavily.
___________
“Where do you thinks she is?” Clint asked. Bucky and Sam were now off calling Bruce and Rhodey for good measures and picking them up.
“What is happening is you broke in here and we want to know who you are and how did you get in here without any of us knowing.” Natasha said. Natasha, Auntie Tasha. Her Auntie Tasha aiming a gun at her.
“Well then be the best at it and you’ll be put on the map, besides, if I even touch water I’ll go back to be a Merman and there is water everywhere on land.” Tony murmured. Bruce hit his arm. “Be my watchguard alright?” Tony asked, as he hosited himself higher up the boat. Bruce rolled his eyes but nodded. Tony’s tail was not helping. His arms would’ve given out if this was his first time. Which it wasn’t. He peeked through the railings to see what seemed to be a party. “Whoa.” Tony whispered. People were dancing and playing music. It was great. He was completely mesmerized by this. But not the party, but at the man in the center of it. He was beautiful. Tony wanted nothing more than to talk to him. “Bruce!” He whisper yelled.
“Relax Tony we aren't going to hurt you.” Steve said. His voice was level and calm.
“Hurt him, I’ll crush you skull.” Bucky said plainly. Tony smiled brightly.
“It would be a shame to get your little ‘friends’ involved in this though, wouldn’t it? I’d hate to have to… hurt one of them.” Obadiah said. Tony struggled harder.
“Why would Hydra have access to SHIELD?” Clint asked, as he crossed his arms and raised an eyebrow.
“Really? That’s so cool!” Tony said as his face lit up.
“Really?” She asked. He took a bite of the toast he was eating.
“Okay, Bruce and I will distract dad for awhile but I give it a week at most.” Clint said. Tony pushed out of Clint’s grip and did a flip,
“I’m going to call her.” Steve said.
“He’s afraid of people.” Natasha finished. “When I found him downstairs I heard him talking to his A.I. He said that the outside world was scary, he wanted to go home, and as he said that, his voice cracked. He was about to cry. When I told him it was okay, he said real men don’t cry. He was obviously taught to not show any signs of emotions.” She said. The group nodded.
“Oh god Pepper and Rhodey. Are they okay?” Tony asked. Steve pushed him down lightly.
“I always am.” She said.
Someone shoved a piece of cloth with the Stark Industries logo on it towards him. Tony smiled and clutched it; a way to remember this adventure.
“Who the most non-threatening?” Tony asked.
“Doctor Banner got a call from Morgan at around 12:23 this morning.” She replied. Steve sort of paled.
He managed to make his way back like nothing was wrong,
“It’s Tony! It’s his parents! It Howard and it’s my best friend! You think he’s going to be calm about it? You think he’s going to believe me?” He asked. Morgan shrugged again.
“He calls me seaweed brain, which is actually very insulting where we come from and I Birdbrain.” Tony explained.
“Alright, now let me see, what forbidden story about your father do you want this year?” He asked. She sat up to face him, not wanting to miss a word.
“Yes?” He asked.
“Tony, my boy.” Obadiah reached to pet his head. Tony caught his arm.
“What’s wrong? Another threat?” Scott asked. Steve shook his head.
get you out!” Tony nodded, putting his fate in Steve’s hands. Obadiah let go of Tony and turned his focus to Steve.
“Alright go wash your hands, because they city is not a clean place and it’s your first time outside, so wash up and I’ll order pizza.” Steve said. “Do you have any allergies?”
“Happy birthday.” They said in sync. Tony jumped, but relaxed a second later and smiled even brighter than before. He seemed to bow his head a little. It was small action that, to most, wouldn’t mean much, but the group recognized that he was saying he was lower than them.
“Yes, I can hear them from my room. I used to be able to see some of them over a few buildings, but then Obie changed my room when I asked to see them.” Tony said. “I don’t . mind that noise, it’s comforting.” Steve nodded.
“Could you repeat the question?” Tony asked cocking his head to the side.
They didn't treat him any different, which was good because if they had he would've taken up Pepper offer to move. It was 50/50 split between Rhodey saying he should stay and Pepper saying he should move. But highschool sucked. And so did Tony’s life. He was sitting in class, he had transferred into Steve and Bucky’s english class instead of a free. It was an interesting class and Tony liked being in a class where he could be with his friends. And his crush. Cough cough Steve.  He had long accepted that he really liked Steve. There was a knock at the door. Every teenager wanted it to be for them, just to get out of class and of course it was never them. Tony didn’t even look up. The teacher answered it, and has a quiet conversation while everyone else tried to listen in.
“I-I’m sorry.” Tony said. “I should’ve listen to you. You were right, I was just too stupid to believe you. You haven’t done anything wrong to me before. I’m just so sorry.” Tony sniffed. Obadiah didn't know if it was guilt, or pity, or something, but he didn’t yell at or hit Tony.
“Yeah, I know the layout inside and out. Besides JARVIS was watching me he wouldn’t let me do anything bad.” She said dismissively.
“You wouldn’t leave Bucky right? Then why would you leave Tony?” She asked. He didn’t answer and she counted that as a win. She simply smiled and walked over to him. She hit the bag with the back of his hand. “Can I try?” He nodded and stepped away. “Honesty is great.” She said before she started to punch the bag. She used both of her hands a few times making a lot of damage. (Mostly with her metal hand but he didn’t know that. It was still cloaked.) She spent a little time, humouring him before punch the bag as hard as she could with her vibranium hand, sending it flying and broken. She smiled and turned to Steve. “You taught me that.” She said with a smile and walked out of the gym. He didn’t know if she was talking about the honesty or the punching bag. Maybe both.
“What's wrong?” Steve asked getting up.
“I just wan-wanted to- to say that I-” He never got the chance to finish. The door burst open and Clint was standing there. Talk about worst timing ever. He couldn’t have waited a few minutes longer. It couldn’t be that important.
“What?!” Came a voice from the doorway. Natasha, Clint and Steve were standing there.
“I can track her cell phone, she did not tell me to keep it a secret that she left. I do not believe she is hiding.” He said.
“ твой любимый цвет - фиолетовый, но ты сказал мне никому не говорить. Вы любите команду больше, чем готовы признать не только их, но и себя, и не хотите, чтобы кто-то пострадал Вы научили меня русскому языку, когда я был ребенком. И-и я скучаю по моей тетушке Таше, и я просто хочу ее вернуть, но ты ушел, исследуя звезды, и мне жаль, что я здесь. Я не хотел навязывать.” (
“I know, that's why I'm crying. Because I know it will be okay.” He said.
looking a bit angry, and Tony tried to hide behind Steve again, but Natasha stood on his other side and kept him in place. Tony bit his lip.
“What?” Natasha asked.
“I can’t believe I didn’t catch that the button was visible.” Pepper said sitting down in a chair with her head in her hands.
“Damn it.” She muttered. She grabbed her backpack and plate from waffles and rushed to elevator. “Bye guys!” She called to the bots. And rushed back upstairs. She didn't realise how hungry she was until she was in the elevator. She poked her head out and it was dark no one home she guessed and breathed a sigh of relief. She walked into the conjoined kitchen when the lights turned on.
Please comment I love them and I always love it when I see the comment count climb! Thank you so much for reading!
____________
“You’re arm is really cool, but I could make you a better one.” Tony stated plainly before anyone had anytime to react to what had just happened. His tone made it seem like he was bragging but really he was just trying to be nice. He tapped a button on his ear piece. “JARVIS, how long would it take for me to build him a better arm?” Tony asked. To everyone but Steve and Natasha, Tony seemed insane.
“How old are you?” Clint,  asked him. He’s doing a better job at this then he thought he would.
“Yep.” A pause. “Are you in?”
“I am really starting to like you.” He said.
“I got distracted and besides it’s not like I’m not going to get it done. I mostly done with it already.” She said as she made herself cereal for dinner.
“Howard was a friend of mine. We are most definitely doing this job now.” The Captain said.
“Really?” He asked. She nodded.
“Morgan you know that it isn’t-”
“Careful Steve!” Tony yelled as Obadiah pulled a dagger.
“Over there.” Bruce said and pointed to the port-a-potty section of  the park.
“Can we get her back?” Sam asked, Bruce. Bruce shook his head.
“I saw Ty…” Tony practically whispered. Rhodey's expression showed pure anger and hatred.
“And the job is still on. We are going to end him on the same date as before. You two are going to pretend to know nothing about it. And the plan will go on.” Tony said.
“You know who about Barnes.” She said. His face went pale. “I know you’ve been digging.” She said. “And I know you’ve found some things.”
“Really?” He asked. Tony shrugged again.
“Okay.” She said. Together, they made their way into the crowd searching for Tony.
“I am.” She replied. “Honestly. I just needed a break, a minute with myself. Especially after explaining everything.” He nodded. They group nodded. They understood they all lost someone at on point or another. Tony pulled her aside.
“Morgan who? I think you may have the wrong number.” He replied.
“Who did that to you?” Steve asked, running his fingers across the stitches on his neck lightly. It sent shivers down Tony's spine.
“You won’t.” She said. “You’ll only lose me and you won’t even remember me if this goes right.”
“I was four!” Tony yelled. “Do you want to the tickets or not?” Everyone, even Tony, laughed.
“Exercise 8, Tony. Deep breaths. I'm here, Tony you are safe here.” She said. By the time already came back he was fuming and Tony was was calm, well calmer. the entire friend group was worried and had no idea what was going on they wouldn't leave Tony until they were sure that he was okay. Until they knew for a fact he would be okay.
“That’s the story as I know it.” Steve replied.
“I’m 18!” Tony squeaked. He shook his head not knowing why he was telling him this. “JARVIS, facial scan please.”
“No, I’m alright. Besides, future me is probably busy.” He said. Morgan scoffed lightly and rolled her eyes. She barely held back muttering ‘very’ as she knew the rest of the Avengers had no clue about his family.
“Yeah but like, shorter.”
“This is where the tracker says he is. Or at least where his phone is.” Rhodey said as he pulled the car over.
“I’m not,” Steve mumbles, through his spread of fingers, “I’m too…”
Iron Man lets out a short laugh, softer than his previous one. “Don’t look at me like that.”
“Okay. So it’s just a matter of… waiting it out then?”
Now it’s Rogers’ turn for silence.
anything. Why, just a few hours ago Iron Man was here and he was laughing. He was holding Steve and he was laughing.
“Shellhead? You all right?”
“If I promise,” Iron Man says, carefully, “will you tell me what’s going on? Will you let me help, if I can?”
Slowly, he refolds the note, tucking it safely away in his nightstand drawer before he turns around and walks out the door to start his day.
“Where’d you say you got these?”
“...okay?”
For a moment, it’s more than he knows what to do with, the urgency and force of that desire. Then the fantasy in his head flips, and now it’s Tony who is
Beside you, your lover sleeps fitfully, grunting and twitching. You can tell from the flex of his fingers around the rim of an imagined shield that he is dreaming of war.
Steve grits his teeth against the sudden swell of emotion. Rides out the wave until it settles back into a more manageable arousal.
He’s warning Luke. About
Fuck.
The tiled walls take his groan and echo it back to him, full and reverberant, shuddering down to the bone.
The way Steve’s insides throb at the mere suggestion should more than answer the question, but Iron Man can’t know that, can he, so Steve wets his lips and breathes his answer into the dark.
?” There’s definitely something in Iron Man’s voice now. It sounds a lot like disbelief.
“Nothing! At least, nothing bad. Just… wow.”
“Excellent point,” he says.
part of you snarls, and for a moment you think you might hate him, for being that honorable, that unthinkingly trusting—for giving you this opening you can’t afford not to take.
Oh, he knew there was information about his friend he didn’t have—things that, sure, a lot of people might find important, like a face or a name or a history. But he’s not ‘a lot of people.’ He had a secret identity himself back during the war; he can understand the need for a little personal compartmentalization. He knows Iron Man is brave and clever and thoughtful and funny and kind. That Iron Man is someone he can trust, on or off the field, someone who will always have his back, someone who
“Another way.”
So he’ll just…
Then it’s time to turn to Arthur and Steve… he wants to get this
He clenches his jaw, bracing against the expected blow. Says nothing. Rogers may not deserve to be the one to say this to him, but Tony sure as hell deserves to hear it.
this.
It’s easy to forget just how powerful words can be—how, deployed correctly, they can rewrite history itself. Take something intimate and urgent and full of care and turn it ugly, turn it sordid and shallow and small. Iron Man’s words don’t feel like a blow. They feel like something stolen from him. Something precious wrenched right out of his hands. And he wants to be angry about that—can feel the anger kindling in him, bright and searing, except— What has Iron Man actually stolen? A memory? A sense of closeness? You might just as easily say Iron Man has taken himself away, and isn’t that Steve’s own fault, for assuming in the first place that Iron Man was his to hold?
Your eyes snap back to his. He’s smiling slightly, unbelieving and just a little bit sly.
,” Tony said, “now that you mention it, it was in the bathing room too, that… jasmine smell. I didn’t think much of it.”
“No, don’t do that,” Iron Man says. “Let me hear you, god, you’re perfect.”
“They weren’t rattling around inside a pressurized tin can,” Iron Man says. “Yes, that does change things a bit, doesn’t it. Well. Do you
“Uh,” Iron Man says. “There anything else you…?”
? He needs release, he needs solitude, he needs not to be alone, he needs to know how to fit inside his own skin—
“Yeah, yeah,” Steve grumbles, but he lets go all the same.
“Just sit, will you?” he snaps. “I’m getting muscle cramps just looking at you.”
Yeah.
To be perfectly honest, Steve’s not entirely sure he’s not dreaming now.
The sound of sudden movement from Iron Man’s direction brings Steve’s head jolting down to stare at him.
“Give me one reason I shouldn’t shoot you down where you stand.”
No. No, that’s bullshit. There’s no grand conspiracy here, and even if there was, would it really change anything? Maya’s not responsible for your relationship.
He sits back a little on his heels.
“Cap? You hear me?”
He glances back over at Iron Man, who has turned towards Thor in what would probably seem to anyone else to be total attention.
Iron Man huffs out a laugh.
He thinks about getting his friend off, returning the favor—giving Iron Man back some small fraction of what he’s given to Steve. It makes him feel warm in a pleasant, happy way. Then he thinks of how he’d do it—of falling to his knees, breathing in the scent of musk, of the taste of salt and a heavy weight on his tongue… Fragments of old fantasies flash across his mind, like a cut-up film reel,
So you will search. And search. And find nothing. Freeze frame: you and Maya, glaring into one another’s faces with barely the space of a breath to separate you. Press play, and somehow, suddenly, you’re kissing. Let the footage roll on and it’s not too much longer before you find yourself here. (On your back. In a bed. Not yours.)
, he wants to say.
“The door’s unlocked,” Iron Man calls. “I’m coming in, okay?”
“But you can’t.”
That part hasn’t changed in the least.
He doesn’t know if it’s good. He doesn’t know how he feels about it at all—is struggling to parse anything beyond the simple fact of sensation. He only knows that Iron Man is in him and that Iron Man has stopped moving and that, at least, is wrong. Maybe even criminal and, well. He’s Captain America, isn’t he? He can’t stand for that. Experimentally, he pushes forward, sinking himself a few fractions deeper onto Iron Man’s cock. The slow skate of friction transmutes the pressure something he doesn’t have words for.
“I’ll just,” he mumbles, or thinks he does, and grabs the bedsheet, preparing to tear off another strip.
“Don’t mention it,” Iron Man says hastily. “It was—”
Steve shakes his head.
Iron Man goes still. After a moment he says in a quieter tone, “When it got personal with me, you and the rest of the team voted to remove me from active duty.”
“So help me god, if the next words out of your mouth aren’t ‘I surrender’—”
Steve claps his hand over his mouth to stifle the noise that erupts out of his throat.
Steve begins to push himself to his elbows.
Iron Man sucks in a breath.
He hopes to god it’s true, that if it comes down to it he’ll make the right choice. Put sentiment aside. Do what needs to be done.
“There are some things we need to talk about,” Rogers says. “Face to face. I saw an opportunity and I took it. We…” His mouth pulls briefly. “We probably don’t have many of those left.”
. He thinks it may never stop being a fascination to him, to be holding the weight and human warmth of him, flesh and blood and bone. He sweeps his thumb down so it’s pressing against Iron Man’s wrist, feels his pulse stutter and jump as he brushes a kiss across Iron Man’s knuckles.
In the mansion, he barricades himself inside the bathroom in his suite. There’s a half-formed notion in his head of getting in the shower, but the heel of his hand brushes against his cock as he’s opening his pants and the sensation is so overwhelming that he sinks to his knees. All it takes is a few strokes to send him off.
A bead of sweat rolls down Steve’s forehead. It changes course when it meets the blindfold, chasing the edge of the fabric down towards his temple. He bites the inside of his cheek.
“There we go,” Tony says, satisfied.
In an apartment in Alberta, a woman lies coiled around her lover, naked and sinuous with love. “Smile for the camera,” she coos, working open the buttons on her lover’s shirt.
He rocks his hips as the phone rings, desperately trying to find some way to accommodate an intrusion which is both far too much and nowhere near enough.
Despite yourself, you give a watery chuckle. Of course he’s still arguing. Stubborn to the last. You had a good run, didn’t you, while it lasted. There is sweetness here, even in the heart of pain, if you can find it—if you can learn how to grasp it.
There is a moment of absolute silence.
“Yeah,” Iron Man agrees, tugging gently on Steve’s testicles as his other hand glides up and down Steve’s shaft. Steve wonders if anything in his life has ever felt this good.
Unbelievable.
Tony freezes, arms locked in a bad Vanna White impression. “What do you mean,
It’s a relief, undeniably, to hear his friend speak again, but Steve can’t help but feel a little pang of regret. The very sound of Iron Man’s voice, so familiar in all of its mechanized inhumanity, suddenly seems emblematic of the distance between them, and Steve knows it’s wrong—knows that the Avengers are pledged to respect each other’s needs for privacy, but he can’t help but think… Iron Man already knows the worst of
He cleans off his hands and reaches for his tablet. The video he opens is one he’s seen before. He was curious about the twenty-first century’s idea of a blue movie and spent a few instructive hours scrolling through sites with a surplus of Xs in the title. He’s never been a particularly good judge of what he’ll find arousing when the impulse returns, but he bookmarked this particular video anyway. There was something natural about it he failed to find in most of the others he’s seen. The two women featured seemed like they actually liked each other, like they were comfortable and having a good time. The blonde reminded him a little of Peggy. Not Peggy as he knew her, lean and toughened by war, but Peggy as she might have been in happier times. Less wary. Softer at the edges.
“Wouldn’t be the first time,” Tony drawled, like it meant nothing, but his eyes were wary and a little bit fearful.
There’s an awful symmetry to the idea.
“I think,” Steve says a little louder, “the problem with spending too much time staring at a problem is that you stop being able to see it clearly.”
Somehow without your noticing he’s shifted to the very edge of his seat. Now he stands, slowly, broadcasting every movement.
“Th—theology.”
“Y-you,” Steve gets out, choking on want and disbelief, “you want me to—”
It’s like a match to gasoline. In the space of an instant, the world is remade in red and gold, in hunger and desperate, searing heat. He’s already starting to sweat, his cock hard enough to punch through steel and his pulse throbbing in his veins but all of that pales beside the sudden, overwhelming awareness of his own emptiness. He needs— needs—
This as Steve makes a kind of lunge in the direction of Iron Man’s voice, nearing falling off the bed in the process.
Steve makes a non-committal sound. “It’ll be good to, uh. Get back to it,” he says vaguely. “But actually”—a warm flush is creeping through his body, up into his cheeks, across his shoulders, down through his chest, down and further down—“there’s something else I had in mind first.” He scratches his nails lightly across his abs, barely an inch above where the head of his cock rests against his skin, and feels it twitch and swell against his stomach.
Rogers is still staring at him, wide-eyed and flushed, and Jesus, is that sweat gleaming at the edges of his brow?
“I liked it,” he says, almost reluctantly. “Liked seeing you…” He trails off. Exhales softly, a warm rush of white noise through the modulator. “I wish,” he says, and then he doesn’t say anything else.
Carnelia hasn’t signed the accords.
like he thought you were?
Iron Man is actually slowing, pulling back, pulling away, and that’s not right, that’s not right at
A groan tears from Steve’s throat, drowning out the rest of Iron Man’s words as twin spots of flame and pressure carve trails down either side of Steve’s spine. They
Or, to put it in other words, Rogers doesn’t trust him. Well. Fine. The feeling’s mutual.
“So,” he says, “that’s what’s been going on? In the field yesterday, too?”
Steve opens his mouth in a half-hearted protest, but Iron Man cuts him short.
“Right,” Iron Man says, though there’s a bit of a lag to it. “Yeah, I guess I— Yeah. Sorry. I know it’s not what you wanted.”
He’s not going to last.
“While you were gone there was… some kind of perfume, I don’t know where from, and I think—what you were saying—”
you’ve gone too far. If anything is sacred in this most profane of worlds, surely it must be this: this quiet, soft-lit room; this woman and her deft, unhurried fingers; her lover’s hands hovering in the air like a pair of doves before lighting on the woman’s tumbling hair. To come into someone’s home like this, into the privacy of their love—it’s a violation beyond (almost) any of the others and yet—
,” and his hands are still in motion, wandering, trembling and erratic, across Steve’s abs, his thighs, down the curve of his back, like Iron Man is desperate to touch Steve but can’t settle on how, like he’s trying to touch him everywhere at once. His words are coming faster now, earnest and clumsy. “Just take it, what you want, whatever you want.”
He registers the whir of repulsors and displaced air as Iron Man comes to land in front of them.
He can still feel Iron Man’s hands hovering over his shoulders.
Time to rise.
Except he remembers how the story ends. With him broken and bleeding and alone, and now Rogers is holding onto him again, now Rogers is
A low, fluttering dread settles into his gut. He hasn’t heard anything about the Rogues being active in Carnelia, much less in the very district where he’s been laying his bait building his new headquarters. Even if they were keeping a low profile, surely his sources…
Something in the way he says it makes Steve pull back long enough to argue. “Just reward, surely.”
Iron Man sounds surprised at the question. “Of course!”
It reminds him of Tony—the heat swells, pushing outwards at the boundaries of his skin, which seems suddenly pressurized, taut, vulnerable to rupture—yes, of Tony, the way the smell of metal clings to him, even outside the shop—as if he carries his work with him always, like something in the blood—
Steve is the first to come, shuddering and shaking into his own grip.
Iron Man swears under his breath, his fingers digging into Steve’s ass.
“…reputable agencies,” Iron Man is saying. “Very discreet. I’m sure we could…”
“FRIDAY, enhance model 600%. Run surface density analysis, and remove all abrasions deeper than… call it 0.6 millimeters.” He squints at the projection. Not much to see. Okay. “Reverse parameters. Shallower, not deeper.” Nothing. Gibberish. He thought for a moment he might’ve glimpsed some pattern in among the noise but…
It’s the chiding in his voice that gets you, like he still doesn’t
“Confident enough to bet my freedom on it.”
The washcloth is lifted from his hands, and another is laid in its place.
This, though. The violence of his reaction. It feels like something on a different level entirely, or—
Steve’s face blanks, the way it does when he’s struggling with some complex emotion. His hands drop to his lap and he shifts—restless, uneasy—in his chair. “I know things have been— lately, I mean, I know we haven’t—
The message inside is brief:
“Okay.” The roughness is still there, but there’s a gentler timbre to Iron Man’s voice now, soothing. “Okay, I’m on my way. Just need to grab some supplies first, but I’ll be there before you know it. Just hang in there, okay? Can you do that for me?”
It starts with a fall.
with all of this wellness that’s inside him—to think, to make, to
He groans aloud and drops his hands into his lap.
The thing is, there should have been a moment. A decision. Even a surrender. After, you will crawl through reels of memory, the footage perfectly printed on your imperfectly-perfected brain. You will be searching for the tipping point. The moment when one body (yours or hers?) asks a question and the other (hers or yours?) answers,
He starts at the distant sound of a buzzer, but Tony thrusts onwards, unconcerned. Still, he must have patched himself into the intercom somehow, because now he starts to speak in that loud, expansive, ‘I’m a celebrity’ tone Steve has always hated.
Steve
Rogers is standing straighter now, hands clasped. “If it was just me… But my team’s on the line.”
“Something like that.”
, he thinks, unsure to whom or what he’s praying.
. Like
A smile flickers at the corners of Steve’s mouth, almost despite himself. “I mean, I’m not complaining so fa—
It restarts a moment later, thought it seems to be moving with an odd, treacley slowness as those fingers haul him upwards, as Tony shuffles and rebalances and gets his feet back under him.
“Grateful,” Iron Man echoes, and Steve realizes something is wrong.
something like this. You feel a sharp tug between your ribs—if you were standing, you think you might have stumbled. It’s your future, pulling at you, dragging you one step closer to war.
It was Doomquest week over at the SteveTony bookclub when I wrote the first half of this chapter, but I'm sure that didn't affect anything unduly. *coughs*
“I slept with Maya,” you interject.
you.”
clocks. Not those flashy numbers blinking on a cell phone screen. Ones that
You have a terrible, self-destructive urge to reach out and touch him, the smudge-edged realness of him, the ink-daub circles beneath his eyes, the stubble dulling the line of his jaw. The realest thing in your digital world, the
“I—” Steve’s voice is a croak. “I— No, I was—”
Looks like it didn’t stick.
The word drops like a stone into the hollow pit of Steve’s stomach.
“Anyway,” he says. “I’m just going to go, uh. Take off the armor now…”
maybe it’s been like this the whole time and Steve’s only just now started to notice?
“You couldn’t tell? I guess you were a little distracted at the time.”
Tony goes tight, tight, tight all over, head to toe.
Steve manages a tiny nod. His chest is heaving with each agonizing breath.
Well.
The pain of the air entering your lungs is sharp, lonely and cold, like the keening of wind through desert places, but it no longer threatens to bring you to your knees. You can live with this, or at least, you can learn.
He cuts off on an indrawn breath as Steve swipes a finger through the mess on his cheeks and brings it to his mouth.
that, he knows, he wants to pound his head against the door and
Iron Man
Or, worse, what he
—you look like sin, or—
“Pretty sure that’s my line,” he mumbles.
The backs of your knees slam into the side of the bed as you jerk backwards; you have to grab at the bedpost just to keep from overbalancing.
coming. ;)
and Iron Man
“It was a two-pronged attack,” Rogers says.
“You can’t even
The image flashed across his mind of the look on Tony’s face as he said it, his shoulders drawn tight as if bracing for a blow…
All movement ceases. Steve lies panting, face damp with sweat, waiting for language to return to him. For words like
“Hey,” Iron Man says. “Can we talk for a moment?”
A brief pause. Then: “Are you sure?” Iron Man asks, uncertainly. “That was a pretty nasty hit you took, serum or no.”
Behind him, Iron Man inhales sharply.
A strong nose and brow; high cheekbones and piercing, intelligent eyes—not that Steve actually has the skill to place intelligence or any other mental characteristic in someone’s eyes, but he knows it’s there, and that’s good enough for him.
“Did it even occur to you,” he asks, fighting for some small semblance of calm, “that this room might be bugged?”
Steve drags his palms from his eyes and down his cheeks. He can still—
Iron Man gives a snort, but obeys. He shifts a little and then there’s a hand resting on Steve’s side, thumb idly tracing the groove of his ribs. The pad of the finger is rough—callused. Steve wouldn’t have imagined that, before. He gives a hum of contentment.
“Shellhead?”
He starts to pull away but two hands clamp down on his hips, holding him in place. Iron Man draws in a huge lungful of air, like a swimmer surfacing from deep water.
Even as he's speaking he can see the shape of it all, looming before him out of the darkness of his own ignorance, out of the salt and ashes of his best laid plans
Tony cracks open an eye.
Imagines,
Tony makes an impatient sound and tugs harder.
Iron Man is one to talk.
“Please!” he says. “Allow me to prove you wrong!”
Steve curled further in on himself, feeling horribly exposed. What he wouldn’t give for his uniform, for his shield, for a well-ordered mind and a disciplined body. Probably whatever drug his captors had used had some sort of… lingering side effects. Probably it wasn’t his fault. But none of that mattered, because any minute now Tony was going to come out here and see— And Christ, what he’d think… what he’d
He wouldn’t even be the first to make that mistake. There’d been a couple of… of misunderstandings, hastily and definitively set to rights, about Steve and the kind of man he was. That was back in the days before the serum, mostly. Afterwards, people had tended to let Steve be. Which was fine—was good, even. Was what Steve wanted. Do the job, get in, get out, win the war, get home to Gail. He hadn’t been in the market for distractions, and the guys out there had sensed that, or seemed to.
That’s what he thinks at first, anyway. Experience very shortly proves him wrong.
—things you don’t know, and I can’t— It’s not right—”
You don’t give him the chance to speak.
Iron Man makes a nasal sound of agreement, something a little like “
“Oh, god, Steve. The way you feel—”
“Not going to be winning any beauty contests,” Tony hums, “but at least I don’t feel like throwing up every time I look at you. Say cheese!”
The guilt feels like an animal trapped inside you, writhing and clawing, desperate for escape. You would have died for this man—you
“Anyway,” Iron Man is saying, “I’d better leave you to it. Got enough of my own to be getting on with, lucky boy that I am.”
“I can’t,” Rogers blurts.
Except it might be better—might be kinder to the both of you to let him believe that you have, but something has sharpened in Steve’s expression, like a bloodhound picking up a scent. He’s leaning forward now, a posture not of defeat but of intent, and you know you’ve already given yourself away.
you come here?”
He shoves back from the table, his chair scraping deafeningly across the floor.
Steve feels his body begin to respond, feels the flames of arousal rekindle, feels his dick begin to fill, but it’s not like it was before, not something maddening, not an affliction, just another part of the totality of the experience—the smoothness of Iron Man’s skin, the fullness in his mouth, the taste of salt on his tongue.
—imagines
He knows it’s too terse from the way Iron Man stiffens and ducks his head, the rims of the eye-slots in his mask casting the eyes beneath them into shadow.
Everything you’ve done across the years has led you to this point. But it wasn’t always fixed. It wasn’t always
You think there is very little room for softness here.
—and a challenging smile that said he
Steve allows himself to absorb this piece of interesting information. Iron Man didn’t seem smaller than him when they were together, but then, would he really have been able to tell?
So now you’re in close combat with a machine you designed to take down the Hulk, which isn’t great, and what’s worse, it’s anticipating your every move. Because your subconscious is operating it, of course, and that’s when you know how to take it down—how you could’ve taken all of them down, if only you’d thought of it, if only you’d dared to follow through.
Steve’s mouth is open. As you watch, heart beating in triple time, he reels it shut. A crease appears between his brows, and whatever you thought this moment would be like, this is worse, because he’s not stupid, he’s never been stupid, but it’s like he’s translating from a language half-remembered and mostly forgotten, and you know, then, that until this moment it never once occurred to him that you might do this. That’s how much he trusted you. That’s what you’re pissing down the drain.
Steve pulls his hand from Iron Man’s grasp and scrapes his fingers through his hair, hiding his face in his forearms.
the word—
Steve nods. His cheeks are burning, right along with the rest of him.
Not unreasonable. Just unanswerable.
“Don’t
“And what the hell is that supposed to mean?”
Iron Man taps twice, far more decisively than before—
Carnelia. This time last year, who had even heard of it? Apart from trivia buffs, international relations majors, and—just maybe—its own ministers. And today it was the battlefield for two wars: the one lying in wait for Tony’s arrival, and the one that followed him here.
“N-no,” Steve lies. “It’s fine.” Or at least it will be, once Iron Man starts touching him again.
It’s a new world. The old way of doing things just isn’t going to cut it anymore. New world with new demands and a new you to meet them. You need to prioritize things like efficiency. No room for sentiment, just doing what it takes to get the job done, and anyway, pretty soon you’re going to have enough red in your ledger that you can’t let yourself get all worked up over a dead man who isn’t even dead.
that voice.
Warnings flash red and urgent across the HUD. Your right hand is fractured in eleven places. You’ve got a punctured lung. You’re bleeding internally. The only reason you’re still even upright is that the suit is pumping enough painkillers into your bloodstream to fell a horse. You need medical attention, and soon, or—no use sugarcoating it—your injuries are going to kill you.
Christ, you’re so gorgeous, Tony, do that again, mmm.”
Well. Really, it’s no more than what he
.” It comes out harsher than Steve intended, but he doesn’t know how to take it back; speech is enough of a struggle as it is.
You keep going, of course. You’ve done the worst thing already—nothing you do now can take it back again and anyway, you’ve always prided yourself on being a gentleman. Your mind is blank, grey static, a holding pattern, as you lick and suck with passionless efficiency. Ironically enough, that’s what seems to do it for her, far more than all your fumbling attempts at tenderness, and it’s not too long until she’s quivering and swearing and bucking up into your face.
He eats slowly, lingering over the last few bites, just in case. When he’s finally done kicking his heels, he gets up to wash the dishes. He does it by hand—always by hand. He likes the ritual of it. He takes his time with each plate, thinking of what the other Avengers must be up to right now. Probably out and about as usual, fighting the good fight. Just like Steve would be, if things weren’t so—
“—and in light of the long and storied partnership between our two nations—”
He takes a steadying breath and shoots a glance at his friend, wondering what to do next. He rubs his thumb against smooth metal and realizes he’s still holding Iron Man’s wrist.
“I’m coming up there,” Iron Man says decisively.
“Someone will have spotted you, though,” he says, as much to himself as to Rogers. “The surveillance I’m under isn’t exactly light. For some reason I’m suspected of harboring terrorist sympathies,” he adds, shooting Rogers a significant look.
Your heart stops.
“Tony
. Comments are love <3
—the burn and the stretch, the slow cramming of foreign heat into his empty places. Has he ever been this empty; has he ever taken it upon himself to be full, and the answer is no, of course, no.
A war is just a conflict, a clash of opposing sides. There’s no
“What?” Steve demands, feeling suddenly self-conscious. He was too eager, he knew. Undisciplined.
“At least I answered the call!” Steve snaps. “At least I showed up.”
but it’s as if his body is so primed that even the thought of a thought is enough to send a flush of warmth through his body, enough for interest to stir, low in his groin…
Another half beat—and is Steve wrong in reading hesitation there?—before Iron Man replies. “Of course.”
“But that—that was
But even when it came to crushes—and Steve has had more than his share of those; it’s not impossible to like and admire someone without wanting to nail them to the wall, whatever some of the guys back in the mess hall might have thought—Steve’s impulses were pretty much indifferent. It was as if liking someone and wanting them were two completely different mechanisms. He held a torch for Peggy for years, but when his time came, she featured no more frequently in his fantasies than Jane Russell or Clark Gable or Gabe Jones of the Howling Commandos, and rather less frequently than the young woman he knew only as “Martine,” with whom he passed a few electrifying nights in Marseilles.
Steve starts to laugh.
Tony’s smile is awful, a great red gash carved across his face like a wound. He steps back and gestures expansively to the kitchen. “All yours,” he says.
Steve starts, and realizes he hasn’t actually answered Iron Man’s question.
Steve thinks he could have borne the rest, if not for that.
“It’s not— I’m not joking
God, you think, and you’re not sure if that’s your gorge rising or just a sob lodged stillborn in the recess of your throat. God,
He clamps down on the thought. There’s nothing to be gained from that sort of speculation. Especially with—and really what could be more ridiculous than sitting here fretting over
Except Iron Man, of course. Iron Man might be there.
“I know you planned this,” Rogers says, and Tony shuts his eyes.
Iron Man is pulling back and pushing in again, slow but deliberate. It feels like licking a live wire, intimate, electric, consuming. Steve clenches instinctively and Iron Man’s breath catches.
“I don’t know if I ever explained,” he says, noting with detached pleasure the huskiness of his own voice, “what things are like, at the end of a cycle. It’s not just on or off, you know.”
(See the end of the chapter for
A horrible possibility occurs to him. “You
Steve isn’t quick enough to stifle the noise of distress that escapes him. It’s fine. It has to be. He’s made it this far. He can wait a little longer, he can—
.” Then, with a burst of energy: “Why would you say that? Why would you even think it?”
Steve.”
covering kink meme parts 19-21
Iron Man doesn’t seem to mind much of anything at all, judging by the way he mutters litanies of praise and prayers beneath his breath—doesn’t mind Steve’s inexperience, doesn’t mind his blindfold-induced discoordination.
“I should go,” he says.
Iron Man gasps, like the name has been punched out of him.
You lie perfectly still and force yourself to watch microexpressions twitch their way across his face, as he takes in what you’ve said, as he reshapes his model of the world into one where you could do—
“On edge,” Iron Man repeats slowly.
Across the table, Steve notices Iron Man shift slightly in his seat, the way he does when he’s trying not to laugh. Steve is feeling more than a little squirmy himself, although for entirely different reasons.
Because his life is a spiral an even as it turns and twists and changes, somehow it always seems to come back to this. Back to a man, body scarred and branded with war, staring at a bomb with the weight of the world on his shoulders and his own failures dragging him down by the heels.
A reminder, though, that we are now no longer on regular updates. The next chapter will be up when it's done, and while I am working on it diligently, I cannot predict to any degree of certainty how soon that may be. Hopefully before the end of the month. Thanks as always for reading, and most especially to those who take the time to leave feedback! <3
. The way the pull and burn of muscles during exercise feels right. The sort of rightness that comes upon him in the midst of battle, a clarity and purpose that guide him through each duck and leap and swing and blow, the sense that this is where he’s meant to be, this is what he’s
. I just thought…”
Steve flushes at the memory. “I was careless,” he says, gruffly. “It won’t happen again.”
A sketchbook and a package of soft-leaded pencils.
Tony whirls around. “People were
“Noo,” Iron Man says, drawing out the word. “I’m just embarrassed for you. Because of how wrong you are.” He’s attempting to sound stern, but Steve is certain he can hear a smile lurking at the edges. “It’s everywhere,” he adds, with a soft sound of dismay. “All over the blindfold—you’ll have to take that off, the last thing you want is that getting in your eyes—”
Rogers’ eyes are clear and very, very blue as they hold his. “The Sons of the Great Bear have been carrying out attacks in Symkaria, Latveria, Sokovia—all of them signatory states. But Carnelia—Carnelia still hasn’t signed, has it? Nothing anyone could do. That must’ve been pretty galling.”
“I know.” Iron Man’s voice is much softer, and deliberately, almost painfully kind. “I know. I still mean it. I’m not going to tell anyone. Not if you don’t want me to.”
“Anything I can do?”
. “The minute you need anything,” he’d said, but does this really count as need? He’s been getting along just fine by himself, hasn’t he? Fine enough, anyway. There’s no actual
he thinks, willing Rogers for once in his life to listen, because with every second that Rogers remains he can feel himself inching closer to the abyss.
He’s just about to yank his arm away when he hears a soft, wordless sound and looks up and sees Rogers’ face.
Slowly, Tony turns his head to look at the place where Steve Rogers is holding him, and it’s like seeing with split vision.
“He mentioned you seemed a little… off. At breakfast. I just wanted to check in, see if everything’s okay.”
“Don’t say ‘it was nothing,’” Steve interjects. “It wasn’t. It was… Well, it meant a lot to me, Shellhead, and I think it really helped.”
he could say, only that doesn’t sound quite right and anyway, he doesn’t know which of them he’d say it to, Tony or Iron Man—he barely knows which of them is in his mind and which is beneath him, because he can feel the coolness of metal against his bobbing cock as he leans in closer, but the words he’s hearing don’t seem to belong to Iron Man at all.
had been the one— He’d looked so damn
Not mission relevant,
He reaches forward for where he’s pretty sure the sink is, turns on the tap, and sticks the washcloth underneath.
“You all right?” Wasp asks.
He won’t, of course. It would be the worst kind of betrayal of trust, and after everything Iron Man has done for him! But the possibility is there, hanging in the air.
both of you—to your relationship. Planting himself like a tree by your side and refusing to be moved.
“I know you can, but this isn’t about dealing with it. This is about feeling good, remember?”
Steve’s mouth twists, because he hates that word, “wet.” As if his need somehow made him less of a man—
He hopes.
Iron Man’s hand releases his balls to swat him lightly on the ass. “That’s about three more syllables than you should be able to manage right now. Go back to playing with your tits, leave me to—”
“Yeah?”
Fortunately, Iron Man’s next words more than make up for the loss.
Steve blinks.
It just about kills you to make the call but you don’t hesitate. You meet his eyes, after—you owe him that much. They shine, glassy and hard but still so clear into yours, and you understand that something has broken between you. You can mend something broken, but you can never make it whole. And you understand, too: something broken once can be broken again. The next betrayal will come so much more easily than the first.
“I think there’s you—” and by the time you realize you should have stopped him, he’s already taken your hand, “and me,” pressing it briefly to his chest, then holding it in the space between you as he continues. “What if— what if
“Tony?” and Rogers’ voice is suddenly much, much closer. “Are you—?”
Steve shrugs. “Sometimes, if I got lucky, my leave would come up at the right time, but for the most part. It’s under control. I’m used to taking care of myself.”
“Is this really the time to be debating epidemiology?” Iron Man mutters into the crook of Steve’s knee.
The thought enters Steve’s mind with a brilliant burning clarity, that the human body simply isn’t designed to be able to handle this kind of humiliation.
Tony swallows, and completes his sentence.
“And the chances of you finding a top-secret broom cupboard to wait it out in are…?”
Tony drawled in his memory.
“It’s impossible,” he says.
“I’m going to put the armor back on,” Iron Man says, “so just knock on the door before you come out, okay?”
“I don’t know,” Steve manages. “Why don’t you try again and see?”
“I— please, I need—”
Steve blinks, trying to refocus on reality. Speech takes a surprising amount of effort. “Feels…” He gives up on holding his head upright, lets it droop onto his chest, and is rewarded with a stroke of heat up the back of his neck. “You could,” he suggests, “more, if you…”
Steve sighs. Not that it makes the slightest bit of difference. Iron Man’s clearly not interested in explaining… anything, really, and Steve will just have to live with that. Pledged not to pry, and all. He’s made it this far without knowing any details of Iron Man’s private life. There’s no reason that has to change.
He’s just about to put his hand on the handle when Iron Man speaks again.
Steve bangs his head softly against the door. “I’m here,” he says. His voice is hoarse.
And you thought:
“We… might have to go a little slower after all. I don’t want to hurt you.”
Steve lifts the hand that, until moments ago, was holding yours, and clasps the back of his neck. “Well. Nobody said it’d be easy.”
You remember what it felt like, the first time you saw him after you returned from that long-ago war with the knowledge of your future like a bomb ticking away in your chest. How he opened his arms to you
Later. He’ll figure it all out later. Right now he just…
, it’s not what he needs, and he’s shaking his head— “N-not Captain America,” he says, almost a plea. He can’t be the symbol now, can’t be the flag. “Just Steve.”
Steve shivered with the absurdity of it. Imagine, making up a thing like that. God only knew what else was churning away in that degenerate brain of his. All the sins of Sodom and Gomorroh, perversions Steve couldn’t even begin to imagine—
“You’ve seen me shirtless before,” Steve reminds him. He still feels embarrassed, but there’s a strange edge of pleasure to it now. Iron Man likes the way he looks.
The Avengers are only a press of the identicard away; you’ve got SHIELD on speed-dial. But what you’re thinking about is Maya. Brilliant, ambitious Maya Hansen, a virtuoso whose symphonies are written in genetic code, and Extremis—her magnum opus—wasted on a mad dog like Mallen.
say, and for a moment he’s almost pathetically grateful at the way his mind keeps sliding away, drawn like a magnet to images of Tony—Tony, sleek and suave on the cover of a magazine—Tony, lurking in the kitchen at the tail end of some sleepless night, eyes underscored in blue, “Couldn’t sleep either, Cap? Hell of a night for it.”—
“Steve?” Tony asks again, to Steve, who has been drifting slowly ever closer to the workstation.
“You have a visitor,” JARVIS replies, with a touch of asperity.
Tony grinned back. Just a little, but it felt like someone had reached a hand between his ribs and into the soft, vulnerable parts underneath, and squeezed.
“Only if you bring him right back,” she replied with a quirk of her lips, and Steve nodded before touching Tony’s arm and guiding him away.
of it, that Tony moans, hungry, yearning, and then Steve is wrapping a fist around his cock, jerking him off, fast and sloppy, his hand— fuck, his hand coated in his cum, and Tony comes with a great incandescent wave, rolling through his body and out through his dick, like he’s flying out of himself, like someone cut all the leads off and he’s untethered, except for Steve, holding him down.
“In what?” Tony asked hoarsely. “In what, Steve.”
,” Bruce told him gleefully.
Big burning balls of gas in space?”
“And I’m not under the impression that homophobia is the sole province of heterosexuals, there’s plenty of self-hatred to go around when the whole world wants to tell you you’re fucked up, but I’m—”
Steve frowns at him. “If you’re going to quote Walt Whitman, I’m just going to assume you don’t mean
“Don't feed me the party line, what am I? An idiot?”
. He wants to… “And with dinner?”
“Four, three, brace for impact, sir, two—”
“Run against specs, check for variations,” Tony murmured, putting away the welding kit.
It's not like Tony’s dating
, that was rhetorical, hotpants, I’m doing the talking right now—”
,” Tony retorts, “she wouldn't need
“If it’s alright with you,” Steve said, breaking that awful silence, “I would really like to move in.” Tony’s gaze whipped up to meet his. Steve let the corner of his mouth quirk into a grin. “I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but this place is kind of a dump.”
Things finally came to a head in Gotham, where the Martha Wayne Memorial Foundation was throwing its massive annual fundraiser, except this time Steve had found out Tony had gotten an invite and guilted him into attending. ‘They do really good work, Tony,’ and ‘Isn’t it nice of Mr. Wayne to help out the community like that?’ as if Tony didn’t literally hurl himself bodily at gunrunners, every other day. What the hell was so impressive about Bruce Wayne, anyway, was what Tony was thinking grumpily the whole flight there, until they put down the jet on one of the Manor’s helipads and Tony finally caught sight of the man himself, clad in a gorgeously tailored tux, all clean dark lines and those magnificent shoulders.
At a peace summit in Warsaw, with the Italian ambassador and her husband
Tony stutters. “That's not what I—”
“Steve,” Tony whispers, smiling, delirious with pain. “Hi.”
“Oy!” Tony yells at nothing. “What have I said about turning down my mus—“
A blink. “Huh?”
Heat crawls up his neck.
Steve laughed meanly. “I don’t know,” he said , bitterness in every word. “Christ, I really don’t know. Can I just ask—”
Captain.”
“I assure you, Captain,” Tony bites off icily, “my relationships don’t actually revolve around
Amanda squinted at him. “And in the real world, Captain America…
“Oops?”
“Hi Tony. Nice to see you too. Lovely weather we're having, isn't it?”
Tony glared at him. “Not a whole lot of ways a guy can interpret ‘
“Yeah,” Steve says quietly. “I could—I could really help, Tony. Before, during the war, I always went where they needed me. Right now, DC’s where they need me most.”
Steve pulls away. His eyes are only for Tony, and in them, he can see the future. “So we’ll do it together.”
romantic, you ungrateful asswipe, will you do me the incredible honor of going to dinner with me, holy
happening. Tony had liked the Bond novels when he was younger. He liked that thing from Goldfinger, the line about how once was happenstance, twice was coincidence but three times was enemy action.
“I’ve been in love with you,” Steve whispered, all in a rush, words tangling up, coming one on top of the other. “Of course I haven’t looked at anyone else,” and his eyes were green, Tony was realizing was an uneven jolt, like the reactor was malfunctioning, like his chest was being shocked into sinus rhythm, “of course I haven’t. I’ve been in love with you.”
“Numerous non-American historians in recent years have postulated the possibility that Captain America isn’t heterosexual, their conclusions being likelier in the absence of nationalistic prejudice.”
“Oh.”
better lookout. “You’re right,” he says anyway. “Or at least, you’re better company.”
“Is that why you agreed to come here tonight?” Steve asked him tightly. “Because of Bruce Wayne?”
me, you idiot.”
“You think I…” There was a frown in Steve's voice. “You think I don't
“How has
“What.”
The look in his eyes was so bright, and lovely, and still full of pain. “That's not—
walking towards them with a demented little smile.
“Then don't let me go.”
“Convincing, Rogers.”
“You have somewhere you need to be?” Pep asks him.
When they broke away, Tony was half-hard already, mouth feeling kiss-bitten, sore, shivering a little.
“It’s gonna be bad.”
win, chuckles. Read a book.”
he’s finally getting it, fingers hooking tightly into Steve’s belt loops, yanking him close, bodies almost slamming together. With his other hand, he blindly feels around the workstation, before he finds what he apparently needs - a lugnut, about an inch wide. “Steve, Steven, oh Captain, my Captain, will you do me the very great honor—”
This was new, this thing between them, and Tony had… specific tastes. If Steve was going to be put off by it, well, best to let him express it now, before Tony got too invested.
It's been a long night, that's what starts it off, a long night, and a
Bruce glanced dryly at him. “Sure there is, buddy,” he said. “Though most of us just call it getting rejected.”
“What?” Tony said, and he had
he hissed, and then closed the space between their mouths too, and practically set his world on fire.
If this can only be in a dream, Tony will make it last a lifetime.
“Really?”
Tony’s wearing sweats, and he didn't bother with underwear and oh god
The box, with Pepper’s keys, remains in his pocket, burning him, like it's become radioactive.
Steve was
In the beginning, Steve had been playful, sparkling with mirth, kissing Tony sweetly, arching into his touch, a slow delicious grind through their pants, like they were teenagers making out in the secret quiet.
. He hates me.”
“Tony, I don’t hate you!” Steve exclaimed, spoon clattering back into the bowl, splashing Chunky-Monkey-Choco-Banana-flavoured milk onto the newspaper.
“Yes! Yes he knows that, Amanda, because he isn’t
Steve is now jealous of a towel. This is already not going well.
That was the thing: for the first, delirious few seconds, Steve had surged into Tony's body, had dropped his mug with an unheard crash, and knocked him into the counter
Why would you show me a movie where the Nazis—”
Arnie waves them off, and Tony slips his hand into Dteve’s. Such an ordinary pleasure — holding hands in a crowded room — but it knocks in right in the gut.
“Tony, what the
“Prototype within margin. Ready for alpha testing,” JARVIS reported.
Steve frowned at him. “You didn’t know his
“Okay,” Steve says, and he sounds a little… exasperated, actually. “Is this about Pepper?”
“You’re only just figuring this out?” Tony managed. He sounded a little breathless but that couldn’t be helped —
Steve rolls his eyes. “Yeah, okay. No dragons tonight either, Tony. C’mon,” he says, hustling them towards the car, “get in. I’m not driving that deathtrap of yours.”
Tony hissed.
is the thing
Tony opens his mouth.
Except—
Because I—I want you too much. I wouldn't know how to—I’d
“You know,” Steve says pointedly, “It’s harder to breakup when you're living together.”
with you yet, why did you have lunch with Natasha, Steve—
Steve comes up beside him. The roar of the crowd in the atrium follows him out. “What’s wrong?”
“Wanted me to fuck you, isn't that right, sweetheart. Wanted to find out how many times I can come for you.”
Steve paused. “Huh?”
“Uh. I don't— I should—”
Great. Tony wasn’t getting laid for sure,
At an Oscars afterparty, and apparently
Steve pauses. “I don’t think that lugnut is going to fit my finger, Tony.”
He put on his tightest jeans, the kind that made his ass look seven kinds of fuckable, and a dark silk shirt that he left mostly unbuttoned, letting the reactor do its job, and got into his Lotus and roared off to the seediest gay bar he could find in the East Village.
, oh god,” he moaned, head thumping heavily against the wall when Tony found the perfect spot on his neck.
Steve’s eyes turned huge. His gaze flicked over across the room. “What about, you know—”
A delighted smile flickered onto his face, making him look several years younger. “That was for me?” He asks, like a little boy who just had an entire chocolate bunny dumped into his Halloween candy haul.
Oh god. He just said that. He just —
“What is this, rag-on-Tony day—?”
Steve pulls their clasped hands together, presses them tightly to his chest. “Not just you,” he whispers, pulling them close, closer than you should get in a waltz, really.
had something you wanted to talk to me about.”
“Yeah. I’m forty-one.” Tony scrubbed his hands through his hair. “I’m not working with the DoD. Public approval’s above eighty percent, stocks are high, Pep’s in charge of the company, and even if those numbers are soft, I got nothing to lose. So what if… What if I came out, now, finally. Project, let’s say, three months from today. Show me what would happen.”
“Is there such a thing as self-cockblocking?” he asked Bruce miserably. He could have been fucking
“What do you mean, no dragons?”
an American classic! It felt like a good fit!”
“Parsing variables…”
Steve stays quiet. Oh god, they
He likes this quite a lot more than he’s letting on, and that’s what lets Tony smile up at him. “Arnie’s a good guy. He’ll think we’re sweet. Young love, all that, he’s a big sap.”
“While the place was under construction, sure. She was surprising the build and stuff. It’s her money, innit?”
eked out win, all in the frigid battleground of the Siberian tundra: the Cabal beaten back by a terrifyingly narrow margin.
Okay, that was… pretty impressive. And Wayne seemed pretty pleased that Tony had turned up, from the way his eyes flicked over Tony and the way his arm slung over Tony’s shoulders, and the fresh glasses of champagne that kept appearing in his hands, and—
“Like a… date?” Steve asks.
“I’d like a date,” he continued, and the roll of his hips had turned into a heavy, slow grind, and Steve was staring at him through dark, heavy-lidded eyes. “But I think there’s something I think we should clear up first.”
So Tony kisses him. And the whole world stops.
. Sweetheart,” he murmured, and Steve’s eyes went wide. “Would you listen. I don’t need wooing. Do you understand?”
“You are— brave. Intelligent. Kind. Charming. And if all else fails, very rich.”
“I might be wrong,” Steve says, achingly soft. “I almost always am.”
(The Lotus cornered beautifully, went zero to sixty in two seconds flat, and Tony liked making Steve clutch at the door handles, that was fun too.)
“Maybe,” Steve whispers back. “The world’s changed a lot, in the last seventy years.”
Tony's jaw audibly clicks shut.
“What, with a man?”
he demanded, lips gone thin with disapproval.
, Tony,” every word layering on top of his thrusts. Tony could feel the burn of tears at the corners of his eyes, as he came with a sudden, unpredictable shout, clenching on that unrelenting cock, coming in great, unbelievable spurts, like it was ripping out of his chest, out of some deep, unknowable core, and Steve fucked him through all of it, coming with a groan, hot wet filling him up, the last thrusts squelching in through all the mess of come and lube, echoing in the room.
DUM-E trundles up to the chair as it slowly blackens and burns, and fires at it with an extinguisher.
Put that way, it does seem… unbelievably arrogant. Oh jeez. “I didn’t mean to— to presume. It was just that, I heard you didn’t ask her to move in, and we had had that, uh, conversation that day—”
“You think I
How long has he been staring? “Tony,” Steve manages. Wow, maybe the scotch hadn’t been the excellent-est idea, huh? “I thought we should talk.”
“Don't you try that shit with me.” Tony narrows his eyes. “You had a lunch.”
“The war is
Oh good, they’d moved on from making out and face holding to the insult fest portion of the evening. Great. “‘Course I have,” Steve was saying. “Just not. Just not—”
Jesus Christ, no wonder he was so cranky all the damn time. Tony would be too, if he was that pent up.
“Mm-hm.”
“Well, you’re young, I’m in love,” Tony says blithely, smile firmly in place, though his heart, god, the way it’s pounding. He’s never said this before, never, not even to himself, but
be buying Tony things, except it was
turned around and walked away.
“We’ll face that together too.”
“This guy givin’ you a hard time, Senator?” Tony asks Arnie lightly, sliding his palm to rest at the small of Steve’s back. “You want I should boot him out for ya?”
Tony tossed another spoon at him, with extreme prejudice. Bullshit, he was whipped. He wasn’t even getting laid.
Tony didn’t know. He really, really didn’t. He was just sick of waiting and wanting and never being able to—
forgiving Steve for that one.
“Jesus Christ, why.”
you to fuck me, I need you inside me, I need—
Bruce snickered. Stinky bastard man. “Oh no, that’s so much worse,” he crowed.
“That’s it?”
“Yes,” Jarvis continues. “Therefrom, it was reasonable to predict that you would pursue Captain Rogers, once your bisexuality was public. And considering his own fluid preferences in partners—”
“Tony,” Steve said quietly. “You know that’s not true.”
he’s about to ask, but then Steve carefully sets aside the popcorn bowl, leans across the couch, tugs at Tony’s shirt collar and kisses him.
Tony smiled wickedly, and kissed him again, soft this time, on the corner of his kiss-bitten mouth. “A date?” he asked. The movement made their hips grind together, and Steve’s hand turned vice-like on his waist.
Tony could feel the tremble in Steve’s thighs, could feel the tightening of those heavy balls under him. He sank down on the thick, hard ridge of Steve’s cock, and watched his eyes roll back into his head, a soft grunt escaping his mouth.
“Excuse you, I didn’t get
Tony shrugs. “I’m recovering from a head injury. I’m not supposed to be alone.”
Steve nodded.
Out loud—
“Oh,” Steve said, grinning wryly, palms stroking his sides, feeling the rapid rise and fall of his chest, the thunder of his heartbeat. Son of a bitch wasn't even out of breath.
“Well, Steven,” Tony said, too-brightly, “when a boy and a girl like each other very much—”
Neither of them particularly mind that turn of events.
“How many times can I what?” Steve blinked, glanced at his wet, red, come-smeared cock, and then, “Oh.” His eyes were very wide. “I… A few times.”
at another man, the whole time I’ve known you!”
“Aw, Tony…” Steve protests, but Tony can feel him sinking into his side, a long line of heat, and he hides a smirk.
Steve breaks first, with a shout muffled into a pillow, and he comes with a slow unfurling of his spine, shooting come all over Tony’s chest, all over his cock, Christ there’s so— there’s so
But Steve was glaring back too, like Tony had insulted his mother, or maybe punched a bald eagle in the beak. “You think I don't
. It was horrible. Tony had no idea what the fine for sexual harassment was, and he definitely didn’t want to find out.
Tony woke up slowly. It was one of those rare moments, when you knew you were mostly asleep, but it had been a
“I’ve been busy.” Steve is glaring at him.
“Sorry,” Tony said, trying to dredge up his party smile. It was shockingly hard to find. “Some new intel came in on— Well, I actually can’t tell you on whom—”
bleats the voice inside his head.
“You want to get burgers,” Steve repeated flatly. He looked pissed off now. Seriously, there was no pleasing the man.
“I could do with a burger. And a shake. They do good shakes.”
“This is going
“Can I— I have a quick question for you, Miss Lewis,” Steve said, settling down on the other end of her couch. It was a pleasantly boring Tuesday evening; Darcy was playing an intense level of Kwazy Lupcakes, and she held up an imperious finger, frowning in concentration, before the phone trilled with news of her victory and she turned to him. “Shoot, pretty boy. How can I help?”
His throat is dry. He swallows harshly. “Yeah,” he whispers. “Let’s— Let’s go home.”
“We did it before.”
,” Tony snaps, because that's better than saying
and Tony’s neck felt unbearably hot, when realization struck him like a lightning bolt: “You thought I wouldn’t
He strokes the soft downy hair at the base of his skull. Tilts his face down. He can hear the hum of the reactor this close up. “Then ask me.”
It was pretty humbling.
“It wasn’t his name I needed, princess,” Tony replied smoothly, and grinned when Steve flushed. “Come on, let’s you and I get outta here. Speedo Guy’ll find someone else, I’m sure.”
Steve's words were practically branded into his mind, a field of fire and ash. “Not me.” He barked a caustic laugh. “Of course. Captain America's gotta have standards.”
“Huh?”
“Yeah, well. Honestly? This feels like a good idea right now.” He looks at Tony then, stops fiddling with the dial to his gym locker for three whole seconds. “I need to do this. It’d be nice if you were, I don’t know, happy for me or something.”
“Jesus. Fine, fine.” He turned to Steve. “Lead the way.”
“Yeah,” he admitted.
“You're up,” the other man murmured, and that’s when Tony finally took notice because— because, even low and sleep-fuzzled— god, that voice was terribly familiar, wasn’t it?
while ice pierced his veins, while his throat filled up with blood—
Tony narrows his eyes. “Did you.”
They didn't speak until they’d gotten into the car—apparently Steve had taken a cab, and made it all the way home, a lot faster than they should've done.
He sounded incredulous, and more than a little pissed.
Steve herds him upstairs to primp after they’re done eating and Pepper’s swept off in a cloud of Hermès silk and Chanel No. 5. They take turns to shower and shave, and when Tony smacks his ass through a damp towel, Steve leers right back, roguish amusement glittering in his eyes. Tony chooses a tux — there’s an Armani, a new one in the closet he’s never seen before, and he touches the charcoal almost-silk with a hum of pleasure, before taking it off the hanger. Steve puts on his class As, olive drabs from the forties — he had to petition the Joint Chiefs to obtain special dispensation to wear the old-style uniform, complete with a peaked cap and a ceremonial saber. But then again, they hadn’t put up much of a fight, had they? When you had a living emblem of America’s military strength walking around, you played real nice.
, Tony, god,
, never mind.”
“No, no
And he’s going to need quite a lot, for this.
,” Tony insists. “Yell
“The Nazis
dragged me out here? I assumed — and I know this is nuts, but keep up with me here — I assumed
The smile dies. And Steve replies, “Because you never asked me out.”
“You didn’t ask Pepper to…” Steve shakes his head. They’re maybe half a foot apart now. “I feel like I’m at fault, there. I didn’t mean to…”
but that doesn't help, now he’s imagining Pepper in that sheer black thing she wore last weekend, taking down Steve’s zipper with her teeth, damping the front of his boxer-briefs, and oh
“Hold that thought,” he murmurs.
Steve blinked. “What?”
that thing?”
It happened at a G8 conference in Tokyo, where Tony had nearly managed to charm an actual, Indian
a good guy would do.
Steve arches a disbelieving eyebrow. “Are we not counting the time you guys stopped talking after the kraken incident? And the time she took Rhodey as her date for the Black and Pink Ball? And the time—”
Steve glanced, questioning, at Tony's cock, saturated a dark red now, the head a dusky purple, velvety and wet and Steve wanted to
He stops short at the door to Tony’s lab. He can hear music pounding through the glass. “The boss okay for a visit, JARVIS?” Steve asks at the door. He has he access code, of course, but Steve was taught to knock before entering, and this seems like the next best thing.
“I'm less annoying in bed, or so I'm told.”
,” all broken and pleading and Tony replies, “I want you to— Jesus, I
Tony demanded.
so Tony paused, thought about it, and then said, “Because Steve looked sad.” God in Heaven, what was wrong with his brain.
Steve’s still looking at him steadily, and his voice is as full of conviction as only Captain America's can be. “Somebody, or something, along the way, made you convinced you're the bad guy, and you're just not. I don't know what kinds of bedtime stories they tell these days, but Tony… You put on a literal shining suit of armour and
was the one sporting an erection hard enough to hammer nails. “I haven't tested the outer limits of
Steve drops his forehead against Tony’s, and for just a moment, they breathe. The machine hadn’t been able to imagine
Tony's inner five-year-old immediately supplies.
“Uh-huh, there’s a problem with an easy fix,” Tony counters pointedly. “
And he walked out, just like that, just that easy—
Oh god. Not with you.”
does,” Steve continues.
“No it isn’t,” Tony said reflexively. And then, with growing dread, “Why is it worse?”
said. “Hey. When did you get here?”
“Oh,” Tony said weakly. “Well, good.” He paused. “Hang on a minute, then why haven’t you moved in?!”
Steve narrows his eyes. “I’m not letting you dream up some crazy ideas in your head, where you think this is a one night stand, or something like that. You want this, you’re in it for the long haul.” That scotch mustn’t be all that strong, Steve figures, because it doesn’t stop his stomach from swooping unsteadily now. “Unless you don’t want— this. Which is—” He carefully loosens his grip, something cold fisting in his stomach. “Which is fine, of course, I don’t—”
“For like, a hot second, sure. The R&D department is still here, but all the rest of it is still back in Cali. Why? You need FaceTime with Pep? Cause I can arrange that. Possibly. Maybe. I have connections.”
"Tony?" Steve asks.
And that's why Tony asks the question. That's why Tony blurts out, “Why are you single?”
“Yeah.” Tony was beginning to smile now, if only because Steve looked like he’d been struck by a stray bolt of lightning. “Guess what.”
“Well, that’s a shame,” Tony remarked lightly. There was a hot, bright feeling expanding in his chest, like a star going nova inside his ribs, expanding and heating and brightening, and it felt like he was glowing, like there was light pouring out of his fingertips and his eyes.
Arnie’s beaming at the both of them, warm and awful grandfatherly. “He’s okay,” comes the reply. “A little hotheaded, but we’ll whip him in shape, won’t we?”
“You’re supposed to be way less cute, and you’re supposed to
And Tony wasn't a total bastard, he’d been nice, brought Steve off with his hands and mouth, fast and dirty, the best way he knew how.
into him?
“Everything,” Tony mutters. And then, “How much of what I’m thinking is coming out of my mouth?”
Steve, who is familiar with it, who knows where the bread box is in the kitchen, who layers Swiss and ham, fries up bacon for BLTs, hands Tony a knife and a cutting board and stuff to make a salad. They make… lunch? — Tony glances out the plate glass windows, the sun slipping down the horizon and figures it for more like an early supper — in relative silence. Steve talks about his day at SHIELD, complains about Fury, described the new manueveur he and Widow came up with, calls up JARVIS to sketch it out in 3D, how Natasha could fall, ricochet off the shield, launch upwards, easy and comfortable in Tony’s space, and he doesn’t want to question it, he doesn’t want this to not be real. He’ll figure out what happened, he tells himself, glowing under Steve’s attention, later, later, just a little bit later.
“Yeah,
“No stars,” Tony replies. “I mean, even in the city, they’re hard to see. All that light pollution, but… we’re far off from downtown, and it’s a clear night, and…”
But Steve's face was a mask of agony and want, his hands still touching Tony, cupping his face, tracing the lines of him like Tony was something to be memorized, to be needed, and loved, and remembered. Steve's voice was the soft, scared thing of a man at confession: “I'm going to hurt you, don't you see? I don't have—have enough control in this body—”
“Transporting, in five…”
“Don't worry about it,” Steve says, and his voice is normal now, steady and even-keeled, like nothing out of the last fifteen minutes just happened. “I’ll be out of your hair by tomorrow evening. Sorry about this, by the way,” he adds, gesturing to the sandbag.
Tony gasps awake, to the sound of shearing metal. The dark headpiece of the device is ripped off, and light streams in, crystal bright and twice as harsh, and Tony blinks into the sudden onslaught. There’s a hand on his shoulder, shaking him.
Tony smiles, and pulls him in, for another quiet, yearning kiss. It ain’t bad, he thinks, this love business. And the future looks wonderful.
“Tony? You in h— Oh.”
to excise the memory of that conversation entirely from his mind, but now it all came roaring back,
Well that’s… bad.
Tony had smirked, and quietly enjoyed the way Steve swallowed, like his throat had gone dry. He leaned down, brushed an almost gentle kiss to the corner of an eye. “Let's find out.”
“That’s not what I—” There is a bead of sweat working it’s way down Tony’s neck, glistening golden in the sunlight. Steve keeps getting distracted by it, and then by the angry flash in those dark eyes, the steady rise and fall of his chest. His sweatpants have slipped… dangerously low.
“What?” Steve said.
“Ambassador,” he said. “Do you mind if I borrow Tony for a moment?”
he is.
“Wanna sneak off and make out?” Tony suggests with forced lightness. His heart is going to beat right out of his chest.
“Like stars?” Steve repeats. “You know— oh come on, Tony. Everyone knows stars are just stories.”
His hand is gripping Tony’s shoulder even tighter. His hair is falling into his face. And all that lovely concern…
“Ow,” Bruce deadpanned, but there was a smile hiding in his eyes. He liked it, when Tony didn’t flinch around him, didn’t treat him like he was nuclear waste that needed to be trapped in a lead box and chucked into Mount Doom.
“What thing?” Pepper asks and Tony thanks
Bruce touched his shoulders and gently held him back. “Kid,” he said again. His eyes were gentle. “What the hell are you doing?”
Anyway, all the drunk beautiful people in Calabasas wanted to thank the Avengers, and that’s how they got roped into this shindig — and it was great, it was seriously fun. Thor did body shots with
Tony dragged a hand down the Speedo model’s back. “Give me a second, would you—”
Steve… shrugged. Well, that was pretty goddamn weak.
The love. None of it.
Tony wanted to flip Steve over, to crawl down that long gorgeous body, take that monster of his cock into his mouth, let Steve fuck his mouth, his throat, do whatever he wanted, what Tony wanted,
By the person they wanted to
“Rude.” Tony snagged a second champagne flute. Maybe Thor was doing something fun.
sleep, deep and thoroughly restful, and you climbed out of unhurriedly, like swimming through a warm, clouded lake, unwilling to let go of the last dregs of peace. He shifted in his bed, blinking languorously. The room was filled with a dull, golden glow, like it was mid-afternoon, and there was, Tony could now hear, somebody else in bed with him, a hard, long body against his, a thickly muscled arm thrown over his chest. Tony turned into that glorious heat, his palm finding warm silken skin, palm skating down a long golden back.
he was really
“Sure you are, cheesecake. Come on. There’s another Steve in this one - prettiest thing Hollywood ever made, you’ll love him.”
Tony had never— he had dreamt, of course he had dreamt, but for it to be
tonight. Immortal. Asgardian.
“Well, of course it was in your head, sir.” Jarvis’ voice is fading, coming from far, far away. “But why on earth should that mean it can’t ever
He covered the distance between them into two, impatient strides, a hand foster at Tony's nape with almost cruel, ruthless pressure.
There's something about Steve’s voice, that puts Tony on edge. “Well, you're gonna be gone,” he says, too sharp, “So it's not like I won't have the room.”
here.”
“When did
That the arguments against repealing DADT are the same arguments I heard segregationists use back in my day?!”
Steve cracks a smile. “Well, most men have a pretty hard time looking past the shield, actually—”
A beat. “You are?”
“Well of course I haven’t!” Steve yelled right back. “That’s because I’ve been in—” and he stopped.
“This is not about
Tony steps out of the hotel foyer. Steve’s still signing autographs, but he’ll be around. The car is pulling up around the corner, shiny and silver, a low-slung Ferrari LaFerrarri he gutted out and then retrofitted. It flies now. The driver’s side door swings open, empty seat beckoning. Tony steps out, into the cool California evening, the skies clear, the moon, a shining gibbous. No stars though.
“He is,” JARVIS says, and Steve punches in the code. “I’ll turn down the volume, shall I?” the AI adds smoothly, as the door slides open.
, Tony retorts, and hauls Steve closer.
“Why him. That’s all I want to know, and then I won’t— I’ll leave this be, I swear to god. Just— why him.”
finally lured him over to the dark side.
“That’s a little homophobic,” Amanda said, frowning, and Tony manfully resisted the urge to hit something.
-----
“Tony, are you. My god, are you under the impression I’m— I’m some kind of a homophobe?”
it’s not him asking the question instead.
“What hurts?”
-ible.”
And it worked. Of course it worked. Tony burned off the caffeine high with tequila and flaming vodka shots that someone else bought him—and wasn't that a crime?
“I thought…” Steve shook his head. “I was under the impression that… Miss Potts lived here.”
“Genius, or so everybody tells me.”
groaning, low and rough,
. It scares me, it
Steve had kissed him back.
biting into Tony's mouth hard, gripping his ass, fucking that beautiful tongue into his mouth, and
Steve borrows a dramful of that ten thousand year old Asgardian scotch from Thor — Well, borrows implies intent to return. Commandeers, that might be a better word. Nothing quite like liquid courage, right?
Tony pauses. Looks up again. Not a single star.
he wanted— but that would mean not kissing Steve, and that wasn’t an option, that could never be an option, so all Tony did was hitch his thigh up, let his quads rub against that magnificent cock, swallow the rough, needy sounds Steve was making into his mouth.
to me, for once in your ridiculous—”
Steve sighs, theatrical and exaggerated. “You’re im-
“That I’m a terrible boyfriend,” Tony says quietly, desperately, hands curling into fists, nails digging into his palms. He knows that. Pepper deserves better. Why would Steve point that out? Tony
all casual and careless and breathtakingly sweet, when he was saying things like
called someone a little bitch, she had to put in 78 cents. Every time
Tony made some kind of sound, a groan, and Steve rocked up again, again, the blunt mass of his cock pushing down on his prostate endlessly, perfectly, bleeding pleasure out of his mouth, his body, and Steve was still fucking him, bearing him down, onto the mattress, wrists pinned high and thighs pushed down to his chest.
