Cas was sitting on the bed, in his bee pajama and bedhead looking at Dean. A tear trickled out of Dean’s eyes, making Cas’ expression change from confusion to concern. Cas got of his bed and went to hug Dean. “What’s wrong, Dean?” Dean let out, both his sobs and what had happened.
At Haley’s nod, Hunter said, “Good. You just fire this up and throw it at the Wendigo. Okay? Good, now let’s get to the mine.” Hunter said, as he placed his left hand on Psychic’s shoulder who was holding Haley. In a blink, they were in the mine. Hunter shone his flashlight ahead of them, getting a growl. As Hunter shut his flashlight off, and Psychic covered Haley’s mouth, to stop her from screaming. They saw the Wendigo take a different tunnel at the crossing. They walked more into the mine tunnels before hearing Haley whisper, “Ben! Tom!” The two were hanging from the tunnel pipes, their hands tied to them.
They hadn’t been out all day yesterday too now that Sam realizes. Sure, she thought that they were fighting but what if something had happened, unbeknown to the both of them yesterday during their stumble with Imabel. What if he had hexed them?
grade, they had to pass our SEE examinations to get into Senior High. Even during exams, the two stole glances of one another. But the last exam, final day of school was different. 2 months of not seeing each other was just unbearable to think of.
“I have to go with Sam.” Bobby said. “Your powers have never been seen before. And the Mark you have is bigger than any recorded mark, and there is a lot we don’t know about you. Who are you? And what happened to you?”
Ellen viewed her suspiciously. There was no way Ketch could have escaped. Her boys had injured him well that he would have not been able to move freely.
“My name’s Benny. I was turned into a vampire by the ancient one known as The Old Man. We were sent to attack ships, like pirates but-”
“How?” Dean breathed the question out, entranced by how Cas was talking about him, like Dean was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen.
The next hour was of tests to understand the hormone levels and egg count in Cas. After Cas was given the clear, Dean asked, “How do you have all these gears?”
“What else happened Cas?” Sam asked with a sly smile. Before Cas could answer, the principal’s voice crackled through a speaker.
“No. None of the books talk about a reversal spell. There are many reversal spells but none relating to our situation.” Castiel answered.
“Mind sharing the clues and stuff?” Charlie huffed as Jo looked at the two with fake disinterest. Cas said the story until the library then Dean said from there.
Jimmy reminded him of Gabriel. True Jimmy was a devout man but he was a prankster, a big brother (though being the only child), but not a candy-lover. Jack wasn’t able to resurrect the dead angels, except for Cas. Jack had made a deal with the empty that if the Empty let Cas, Jack would help Empty to sleep. Additionally, Jack had assigned Angels tasks. Cupids, Guardians, Warriors, Regulators, and more. Regulating Angels where in charge of who went where. Of course the final decision was made by Jack, but as a basic decision, the Angels made the decision. Thus Jack had reassured the Empty that the Angels and Demons that came to Empty would not be a nuisance like Cas had been, if the Empty allowed Cas leave.
“Sammy!” Dean hollered as Sam entered the car. He noticed Sam looking odd. “What’s wrong? Is it a Psychic thing?”
“There is no fire.” Castielle responded, with a confused head tilt. “Anyway, do you remember the talk we had when we came here the first time? I recall you having the same troubles as I did, but now I have got Deanna. What is stopping you? Are you still scared that he is going to leave you?”
“Cassie! Dean-o!” Loki’s voice came from the main room. Dean could hear Sam and Bobby saying something, but he was distracted by Cas mouthing Dean’s neck painfully. Both because he was getting painfully hard and Cas was literally hurting him with his teeth and lips pinching his neck.
While Dean and Deanna were scouring out the kitchen, the Cas’ sat in of the booths, awkward silence still hanging over them. Cas didn’t know how he could start the conversation, while Castielle was fiddling with her trench coat sleeve. “Um, Castielle,” Cas started, “how are you?” Castielle shrugged, not wanting to speak. “Ok, I don’t know how to talk other than being direct. I know you love Deanna but are still held back by all the abandonments and guilt of the past. I do too, but I am trying work past it, instead of being burdened by it, making myself not feel like I don’t deserve anything. Deanna has moved past now too and loves you. I know we are close, but it is because Deanna thinks her only chance of being with you, is by being with me. I know I am never going to have Dean, but at least you can be with Deanna. Right now, we are both finding solace in each other. I advise you to ‘stove up your crap’ and confess to Deanna. Its not too late. You still have a chance.” Cas said, not waiting for her to respond, leaving Castielle alone with her thoughts. Castiel had just admitted to being close with Deanna, and also told her the truth about their arrangement. He basically used the words that haunted her thoughts and denied it.
. No one cared that the twins were younger than most of them because Jack always made it up with his innocence, while Belphie made it up with his love for gore antics.
The two stared at each other with unshed tears pooling in their eyes. They didn’t know who moved first, but suddenly the two were connected by the lips. Clinging onto each other in desperation and kissing passionately for the lost time. They made out for a long time before they heard someone knock on the Impala’s window, making Dean and Cas jump apart.
"So what is going to happen now?" The mother asked. "They are gonna make us starve? Torture us? Tie us in a dungeon?"
Mom always used to say that she could talk with Cas and that he was a good boy. Adam, Nick, and Gabe found it funny that their parents were having a kid when they were almost in their 20s; Gabe 19 and the twins 24. Their mom said that the baby asked whether they wanted him to be older so they could talk with him. Finding it hilarious, everyone answered yes. It was during the near of labor when their mom said that there would be complications during birth. That the baby, Cas, was telling her that she will die if she gives birth to him. She knew no one would take her seriously, so she got them to do work without her and how to live life without her, and everyone did it, just to humor her. Clarissa also talked with the baby, saying he was going to be alright and she will be with him. She had written a letter and kept in the basement, in one of the books she always read to Cas. Mom’s last words were I love you. It wasn’t sure who she directed it to, but as soon as she said the words, a blast of energy happened, and she was found dead.
Cas thought of the worser things he has been through and started “I have-” but stopped as he got smacked in the head.
Cas captured Dean’s wandering mouth with his and kissed deeply. This was their last day. They had to distract themselves from it. “Dean… I need you… in me.”
Dammit Sam… why didn’t he let Cas know the place. “Hey, how about I drop you? Ready to teleport?” Hunter suggested.
“Remember when Meg had her hair bleached to blonde for aesthetics but looked like a tramp on the sidewalk.” Gabe burst laughing as Meg’s Sim came on the laptop.
“Gotta agree mate. The offspring of the two was horrendous.” Balth added, as he played the birthing video of the Grim-Nook offspring.
“You did that for me?” When Alfie nodded timidly, Adam covered his hand with his, “You know, I teased it because I didn’t like anyone else saying it. I wanted to be the only one who wanted to call you Saman. No one else. But then everyone started calling you Alfie, and you enjoyed it, so I started calling you Alfie. At first, I didn’t understand why I felt that way, but now I know.”
“In the DeVille-Michaels wedding, angel-boy over there had heard the people talk about the previous day’s strip show. And he came and told devil boy over there, and the two thought it would be good if we included a Bachelor Party set in our wedding planning too.” Meg said.
“Cassie! How many times do I have to tell you! Mom died when she gave birth to you… It happens to many people.”
“That day, when the Empty came, I said you weren’t family.” Dean said rubbing the back of his neck. “I— I don’t know why but I was so angry-”
Jack turned and found Clark, running towards him. “Hello Clark.” Jack smiled, making Clark trip on air. He quickly regained his composure and went to Jack.
Cas took a deep breath to gain some confidence before leaning in to kiss Dean’s cheek. “Yes really.” Cas whispered against Dean’s ear before pulling back.
“He’s cute.” Charlie mused as she gave the phone back to Dean. Cas slumped, not able to see the picture.
“He didn’t.” Bobby said from where he was standing, getting Sam and Dean’s attention. “Angel did. Another energy blast was recorded today. Presumably to burn the chain or whatever. You two can rest today but I will be asking for a report tomorrow. After school.”
Dee moved back, trying to look at Cas straight to face. Her eyes were wide with fear and her lips partially open. Cas couldn’t help but laugh at the expression. He leaned forward, giving a peck to those plump lips chuckling, “You are so cute, ha-ha, you hunt monsters everyday and yet manage to-… what?” Cas asked when he looked at Dee’s eyes widen more, not with fear, but surprise, and something akin to lust. That surprised Cas. “What?” He tried asking Dee again, this time Dee shook her head a little, maybe shaking herself out of whatever she was thinking of.
“YOU ARE SUCH AN IDIOT! I am not a moron who isn’t aware of her feelings! Stop analyzing me and hear what I am trying to say!” And she was an idiot too. She too had thought about how Belphie would say ok because he thinks he should make her happy. Well now that she was on the other side of making assumptions, she hated it.
“Oh shit!” Dean ran the rest of the stairs and distance, reaching Cas. “It’s alright now Angel.” He said cupping his face. “Remember you love me, and I love you.”
Gabe sat there for a while, staring at Kali, while Rowena comforted him, spoke soft words of reassurance. A while later, he shook himself and asked. “What can we do now?”
And every time the bird saw a whale diving deep in the ocean, he thought of his whale. He hoped she was enjoying the ocean — just like that.
“Ca-” Dean started but was cut off by Cas punching him in the face with his lips. “What, are you crazy?”
“Stop calling me honey.” The man said as the fallen man stirred. The man, who was awake, was distracted by this, and Angel took this opportunity to teleport himself back to the boulder. He calmed himself down again and felt himself change back to normal. Cas knew he flirted hard like Zar and Meg usually do, and he believed he honored them the way they would have wanted. He then settled it, he was going to be Angel, and do his work in the quiet. Honoring his friends, he loved.
Mary blew a raspberry as Jess said, “That’s a whole lot of information to digest in 30 seconds.” The house was silent for a while before Sam suddenly stood up.
Dean wanted to be a teacher with no favorites. He wanted to love all his students equally, but the twins came and fucked it up, and so did everyone who was associated with them.
Thank you all for reading and a special thanks to yall who commented!!! Your comments made me write more and gain confidence that i am an okay writer (lol). Thank you so much who gave me Kudos and bookmarked my work too!! I dont know how to express my gratitude more in words (I AM SORRY BUT THANK YOU ALLLLLLLL)
Goddammit. Dean had forgotten to ask Cas if he needed a lift and the others knew where Charlie lived. Hunter sent a text to Sam, telling him to call Cas and ask if he needed a lift, getting a thumbs up as a response. Hunter casually strolled up to Cas, who was facing the other way, and was about to get hold of his shirt hook when Cas’ phone rang. Cas bent to get it, and Hunter’s hand caressed his back. “I’m sorry!” Hunter squeaked.
“Dean! We need to talk! And no, we are not breaking up. Come to our room.” That dork then slid across the room, towards their room, while Dean ogled at that cute Bee PJs. He went to his room to find Cas on the bed, sitting. “Good. Ok. So. Yeah.”
. “Dad! No!” Lori yelled as she ran towards the door, and Psyhic saw Hunter land inside the house. Then it clicked in Psychic’s head.
Dean and Cas had decided to not tell the others, instead see if they would figure it out by themselves. Sam had left for Japan for his scholarship on November 14
“The drowning,” Sam said, “was nowhere near the water Dean.” At Dean and Bobby’s ‘what?’ Sam elaborated. “The lady. She was drowning in her bathroom. The shower wasn’t on. She just… drowned.”
“Crowlie, its been five days since they left. The first day, yeah, I was an idiot. The second day you were an idiot. The third day I summoned, and yesterday, your handwriting was an idiot. Now that you have everything you need; can you finish the spell quickly.”
"Great! We won't have that oaf with us then." Meg cheered only to get a chorus of 'shut up, Meg' directed at her.
Hunter struggled to pull it open, while Kat banged on it from the inside, but the door didn’t budge. “KAT!” Gavin yelled as he ran to the door, trying to help Hunter. Psychic got Gavin from Hunter and got him to another hallway and salted it trying to get Gavin to calm down and let the two do their work.
“Well we could join them. You said in a half an hour right Dean?” Cas asked. Dean couldn’t say no now. This plan was basically to get away from them, but now they invited themselves in. What could he say other than-
“Zar! Meg! (12) Clarissa (16) and Jack (14) will be coming soon.” Cas yelled from the kitchen, and the two ran to the doorway, waiting for their favorite and only cousins.
The other 6 couldn’t help but laugh at Kris and Bel. The two were so awkward and stupid that the 6 just wanted to throttle Krissy and Belphie and make them talk to each other but Jack had said Mr. Castiel didn’t want them to meddle in Belphie’s life and they respected it.
“Why are you responsible? Why can’t the damn coach get the others to do it? Why you?” Bobby asked annoyed. Dean always cares for others, sometimes at a personal cost and if this coach is thinking of taking advantage of that, he is going have something shoved up his ass.
She was happy with Cas. Castiel. Blood boiled through Castielle’s veins as she thought of his name. Seriously, what was wrong with her? She had an idea of what it was. She was feeling the same rage as Lucifer when Father told them all to bow down to Humanity. It was jealousy. But why would Cas be jealous of. Deanna is allowed to flirt with whomever she wishes. Cas had no say in what Deanna could do or not. But if it was up to her, she would like it if Deanna did whatever she did to Castiel with her.
Cas knew it wasn’t time, but he couldn’t help but wonder how this 10 year old girl spoke colorfully. Was it a Terranian thing? But her accent didn’t sound like Terranian people’s.
Sure, she was aware that the kids had found her husband’s twin brother, but he looked like a clone. There were no physical differences. For a second, she believed Jimmy had returned, but when Castiel greeted her, she knew that it wasn’t Jimmy. Jimmy’s voice was like honey, smooth and sweet. Castiel’s voice was like gravel, deep and rough. She had had to take a minute to calm herself down. Jack and Belphie had hugged her as a greeting, and she felt relaxed. Sure, she had seen the twins before, but this was the first time she was seeing them as her nephews.
Dean was about to slip out of the door as everyone was distracted by each other when Mary gaggled at Dean, raising her arms up towards him.
“Because it wasn’t others. It was us.” Dean said. “The report clearly said, ‘After several encounters, this was the first attempt Hunter and Psychic were successful.’”
“Jack was telling Krissy how Belphie would help with friends but never hide his feelings for others being happy. But Krissy didn’t believe it.”
“Oh yeah. Well, I will… find some way, just do what I asked you to do.” Clark said as he walked away from Claire.
“Don’t worry… I’ll stay. I’ll get Dad out of the room and come back. We’ll sleep okay. I’ll be here for you.”
“I said don’t.” Cas said steeping closer to Dean. “I understand. I hear you… see you… feel you Dean.”
“Then it’s settled! Awesome Red! You are getting married.” Charlie nodded enthusiastically. The bell rang and the two went to their next class.
"Like I said," Sam stopped her, "Shut up. We don't care." He then turned to argue with others about getting Dean on the tram when his eyes fell on his mate. Gabriel was looking at Sam with hopeful, wide eyes, and Sam could see how much Gabriel missed his brother. All this time, Sam pitied his brother for not being with his husband and dying, not caring to ask how his mate felt, because Gabe was his usual self. But now Sam could see. He could see how scared and worried his mate was, and Sam couldn't help but feel stupid.
“Dean,” Castielle called running towards Dean. Dean had been laying on the grass, while Cas went to look around the garden.
“He did because he met you… and Sam, and me, and all of humanity.” Jack said. “But mainly you.” He highlighted, then frowned when Dean’s cheek became red. Was he getting a cold? “Let’s go inside?”
Cas knew agreeing to Trick or Treating was risky, but he couldn’t stand Dean’s sadness. He had become close to Dean, both as Cas and Angel. He had also become closer to Hunter, more than necessary. Flirting like Zar and Meg had got him to really develop feelings for him. Whenever he felt his affection strengthening, he flew. Ran from the place. As he was struggling to put on his costume on, he knew one thing… it was good to finally lose himself in friendship and stop worrying about Lucifer and Michael.
So, they started make a list of stupid songs to perform for their English teacher. Jack and Belphie thought of maybe getting Adam, Alfie, Claire, Kaia, and Clark to join but they didn’t know whether Mr. Campbell wanted everyone to know he was nervous. So, the two, and Cas, planned and were going to perform for him.
As soon as the words were out of Cas, the shadow moved quickly and was then standing in front of them. “Mabel,” Dean was shocked, “We ganked your ass.”
“We’re here.” Loki said as he opened the door. “Cassie would be in the basement.” Loki took her bag and placed it near another bag that looked packed. He might have already packed, like her. “You want to come with me and meet him?”
“I am not embarrassed!” Castiel said petulantly, getting a snicker from Jimmy. “Okay fine! I am embarrassed. And a little scared.”
Charlie guided herself and Jo to the sofa opposite to the one occupied by Ash and Meg. The atmosphere was tense and awkward. And Charlie, being one who doesn't like that, asked Meg and Ash.
“Yeah. Ok.” He swapped his hands and teleported them to the bunker. Bobby came to find the two in the living room.
“I don’t know. I called him but he didn’t answer so I texted him.” Sam said. “No acknowledgement either.”
“Belphie and Jackie! They are so cute, I love them. I had them for Geek Club during elementary school. You know they call me Tauriel, because Jack says I am free-spirited, mingle with everyone, and fight for the right thing. Belphie just winked and said I am a hot red-headed lady. Kind of reminded me of you. Then I told him that he was barking up the wrong tree. You know what he said? He said that if all girls looked the way I did, he wouldn’t judge, and he understands.” Charlie and Dean started laughing. Dean couldn’t believe that a couple of 10 years old talked like that. Jack was the chaotic good when Belphie was the chaotic evil.
“No, you eat.” Cas smiled at Dean before looking at the table, ignoring the warmth radiating from Dean. He was a married man Castiel!
Sam didn’t know what to do but knew who would know. Picking up the phone, and dialing their number, Sam waited until the ringing came to an end.
Rowena stood in the foyer of the house as she saw Catrina Loughlin come down the stairs. “Catrina Loughlin. The years have not been kind.”
“What are you two doing?” The two turned to see Cas, standing by the kitchen door, an amused smile on his face.
“I have nephews by blood! Well I loved them like blood before but now they are, it’s even awesome.” Sam exclaimed enthusiastically, and Mary joined her dad in the enthusiasm by babbling. Belphie hugged Krissy saying it was fine and it was not her fault to think that her dad’s last words were a lie.
"Ellen…" Gabe trailed off in a tired voice before taking Meg's hand in his. "What I am trying to say is thank you. Thank you for letting me know that my brother is safe. And by the sound of it, you guys have grown close, so thank you for taking care of him." Gabe squeezed Meg's hand to show that he was genuinely thanking her.
“Thank you?” Dean questioned in a mocking tone. “Is that it? What is the occasion today?” I looked at his face before looking at my feet. “Aren’t you forgetting something?” Dean asked with an incredulous look.
“What if we have another Fighter?” Eileen said. After a beat everyone, including Eileen laughed. Sam and Dean joined the laughter, to not look suspicious.
“You guys leave, I have to close the shop too. Take this…” Loki said, giving them a card, “It has my number. Call me when yall hangout.”
Castiel was busy with the Rosen-Shurley wedding and had asked the others to be on alert because anything could happen anytime during that wedding. While Gabe and Balth were on call 24/7, Meg had eyes on anything that was required for the Blake – Cooper wedding and the new Campbell – Moore wedding. Meg couldn’t tolerate Becky, and the others thought it was good Meg didn’t take part of this wedding. Castiel was sure Meg would have bitch-slapped Becky across the room if she heard that grating voice of hers. Balth had said she would have buried her alive. They all shuddered at the thought of Becky and Meg in the same room.
He went to the school park no one goes to because they believed it was haunted. Dean saw a figure sitting on the swings. For a minute Dean believed that maybe it was a ghost but then he saw the loose blue t-shirt on the man.
“Well Cas, Dean has to get his costume on. We’ll leave in about an hour. You want anything to eat?” Sam asked.
“Congrats!” Eileen said and signed, to which Cas signed a thank you. “How’d you guys finish so fast. Sam and I were just getting a hint to the flower beds.”
"Until then," Benny started as he got his sword out, "we are gonna make ourselves even more prepared for this fight. We are going in, and killing everyone. No questions asked."
“What if he says ok because he doesn’t want me to feel bad? He gave me you guys, friends, school, and an awesome life. What if says ok just to make me included?” Krissy questioned.
“So, this is just some crazy power trip for you. Having control over how people die?” Dean yelled incredulously.
“I really think everyone likes the changes we made Cas.” Jack beamed brightly turning to his father - which Grandma Amara chuckled at because it was weird for her that an Angel was a dad to God, which Jack quite frankly couldn’t understand why it was weird.
.” She sneered the name like a curse, while scowling at Cas. Deanna was going to speak up when Castielle continued, “I have not finished yet. But that actually didn’t break me. You know what broke me? When I stumbled on you two making out on the couch. I was already heartbroken, but then I was devastated. I felt defeated. I felt that I had finally lost my chance and it was too late. Today, before leaving, I heard what you two were doing in that closet. I despised it. Hated it. But I was defeated. There was nothing I could have done. Then YOU,” She turned to Cas, who now pushed up from the wall he was leaning on, wide eyed, “tell me how there is still time for me, let me sit near her on the ride back, giving me hope that’s it not too late, then come back to the bunker, just to engage in sex in the closet AGAIN.” She ignored the confused and surprised look on Cas, and a look of realization dawning on Deanna. “I CAN’T TAKE IT ANYMORE, DEANNA, AND I WON’T TAKE IT ANYMORE. I love you so much that it scares me. I knew it since the first time I laid my hands on you, and it scared me. I know I don’t deserve your love, but I am very sure I don’t deserve to hear you pant and moan with my alter ego from across the room. I don’t Deanna, and I don’t deserve you too. But it doesn’t stop me from loving you Deanna.” Castielle finished in a whisper. The commotion had attracted Dean.
Cas heard footsteps around him leave and approach in the next minute. He felt blood flow from his arm but no pain, which made it easier for him to act dead. “I got the blood darling.” Mr. Carrigan said. “We need a fingernail next.”
Eliot was freaking out. He reached Jacob’s by 2:50, 10 minutes for panic time. Before he could start his 10 minutes panic session, Jacob barged through his house and yelled “HI ELIOT! ARE YOU READY!” Eliot nodded, frightened by Jacob’s screaming, and scared to answer no.
“You can come back now. The Hook Man has been hit hard enough I imagine there won’t be an attack till tomorrow.” Bobby said.
.” The two kissed deeply before Dean pulled back and said. “Now, I am hard as calculus. Let’s get a room.” Dean said.
“He is asking are you gonna just say it.” Dean interpreted, and Cas nodded. Dean kissed his cheek, not able to handle Cas’ cheek puffed up making him look like a chipmunk.
“Of course, I want to.” Cas said quickly, getting amused smiles from Zar and Meg. “But I don’t want to choose between you two.” At the questioning looks Cas continued, “I feel bad. If I choose, it’s like I like one more than the other. And I don’t. I love you two equally. I want both of you to be my first kiss. I don’t want to choose but I have to, but I don’t know and I can’t-”
Before Dean could say something, his phone started to ring. He picked it up and said, “It’s Charlie!”
“Well then.” The car came to a stop and the lady said. “We are here. I will get the bags and you can bring her in.” She opened the door for him and walked to open a flying door in the back and got the bags. “Come in, darling.” She opened the house door and said, “Place her there. I will be right back.” The lady said, keeping the bags near a chair near Gabe.
Mary babbled something which Meg took as a yes. She unfolded the paper and the group started muttering to each other, and giggling. Sam and Jess went to sit on the couch while Balthazar and Meg sprawled on the floor. Gilda, Christine, and Amelia went to sit on the floor, leaving Gabe, Charlie and Jo giggling to one another.
“It’s fine Jodi-o… besides, you might wanna see this.” Jody walked to Donna and found that the thing was a boy. An unconscious teen boy. “Think it’s an Alien or something?”
I got a quick glance of Dean and looked to the ground again, swallowing air. “Shall I leave then?” Dean asked. I shook my head to show my approval. Dean cast a weird look at me before leaving, but I was able to catch the hint of a starting smile. I looked at his back as he left the room, slowly with a bounce in his walk. As soon as Dean walked out, Gabe ran in asking me if I said something, while Charlie asked the same to Dean.
The relationship between Belphie and Krissy was different. Whenever they played basketball, the two got really, really competitive. It scared Jack sometimes, so Cas had to supervise. And that was when he found out how different their interactions were. When they played basketball, they were at each other’s throat. But the thing that happens after the game is what amuses Cas the most.
, Dee thought. “Move over and share the blanket, you dork.” Dee said as she fell onto the sofa, making space for all the snacks she had in her hands. “Oooh, Hatchet Man. Awesome.” She popped her soda, enjoying the fizzy sound. “Time to slice and dice.” She said in a deep tone, burrowing into the blanket like Cas. Deanna knew she was being a sappy bitch, but she was liking it. She could have easily pushed off Cas when he started tickling her. Come on, she hunted ghosts her whole. But Deanna liked that attention, even if she was dying due to laughter. And if anyone had a problem with that, they could shut up.
“Oh honey. If you had read the logbook, you’ve had known that he had some sort of hidden procedure room down here. Somewhere where he'd work on his patients. So, if I was a patient, I'd drag him down there, do a little work on it myself.” Angel said looking at Hunter. “Yeah it sound kinda… crazy, but worth a try.” Angel shrugged, then walked away, Hunter following him.
“This is where I parked the car, right?” Dean asked himself. “Where’s my car?” He saw a pigeon coo from above. “Dude, where’s my car?” He asked the pigeon. “Somebody stole my CAR! Somebody stole my ca—” He began hyperventilating, bending over, clutching his knees and trying to calm and ground himself.
Hunter moved in, trying to meet him halfway. Hunter! Crap he was not Dean. Hunter pulled back and shoved Cas a bit. “Um… what are you doing?” Hunter was hurt that Cas was about to kiss him. Sure, he was Dean, and they hadn’t made it official, but it hurt.
Velma threw herself on top of Psychic, as Scooby jumped into Shaggy’s arms. Fred and Daphne held each other’s hand and Shaggy and Velma’s hand respectively. Hunter teleported them outside the shop.
“Hmmm. Ok, here’s what we can do. Why don’t you have a bachelor party together. We don’t have many people. I am pretty sure Bobby and Ellen will bail. So why don’t you have a bachelor party together? And keep it one day before the rehearsals?” Sam and Jess nodded.
“Anyways, I realized how meaningful sex is. And I understand we hadn’t done it.” Cas moved to Dean and kissed him on the cheek, “I am a virgin and you wanted me to make the move.” Cas cupped Dean’s face. “I love you and I can’t wait to lose my virginity to you.” He said, with a blush on his face.
“No… no.” He wrapped the cloth in the front and noticed there was extra clothing. “I think… um, you need to… uh.” Hunter gestured a tuck in motion.
“I’m going to bed and get ready for tomorrow.” Cas said as he went to bed staring at the ceiling. 1 hour later he heard Loki and Rowena go to bed too, and Cas went to his closet, trying to find good clothes for tomorrow. Bored, Cas teleported himself to Dean’s room. It happened often that Dean slept near the wall, leaving space for Cas, but always found it empty in the morning. Cas took his place and Dean rolled over hugging him, as usual. Cas loved how Dean was with him. Sam had asked once whether he was okay with Dean always controlling him and Cas didn’t think Dean was doing that. Dean coddled him and Cas loved being coddled. Besides for all the controlling Cas did when they made out, Dean can do whatever he wants.
“Get your paws off me Gabe!” Cas grunted as Gabe was rubbing his back, apparently getting air to flow through him.
It was nearing April end, and Dean was freaking out, again. May was approaching, and so did the final exams. Belphie had come to Charlie’s room one day, telling her about Jack and Clark’s date and how he was the reason they went to an aquarium, ultimately winning the thousandth customer prize. Dean was there too, when Charlie squealed and said her ships have been sailing with no storms.
“WE WANTED TO KNOW IF BELPHIE WAS ALRIGHT CASSIE!” “Shut up, Gabey!” “I swear to god, Clarence was joking, and now he knows it’s true.” Gabriel, Balthazar, and Meg talked with each other, making Belphie laugh more. Castiel smiled fondly, happy to see that Belphie was laughing. After a round of bye and hugs, Belphie and Castiel left.
“Don’t you know who I am?” Dean asked, his face turning red as he realized how stuck-up that sounded. He didn’t mean it that way. It’s just everyone in school knew who he was, even if they didn’t talk with him. And it being almost 6 weeks since school started, word about him should have definitely spread to everyone. Even new kids knew him after 2 minutes of entering school. “I didn’t mean it in a sno-”
“Uh… I don’t know.” Bobby shrugged. “Now let’s get the report done.” Bobby said firmly, not allowing Dean to refuse. Dean finished his perspective of the hunt and Sam added in between. “Good. Now that that’s over, I’ll make dinner. Wanna help Sam?”
“Idjits.” Bobby chuckled as he went to the Research Lair, to find about Cas’ issue. According to what Jody and Donna said, it was impossible Cas was moving around freely, but Bobby shut his mouth. As long as Dean was smiling happily, Bobby was ok. He didn’t want to shatter whatever illusion Dean was living in for now, so he went to research anything about bright lights.
Thank you all for reading the story. A special thanks to all who commented!! I loved your comments and working on them and responding to them. I am really going to miss you guys :(((
“Did you know that Belphie and Jack were there the whole time Cas and Gabe practiced for Sam and Jess? They would be fine with it.” Dean said. “But if you don’t want them in then we could tell them to be in another room. They wouldn’t mind.”
“Nothing… I now understand why you were in a rush to leave.” Psychic looked at him with a ‘why?’ look, asking Hunter to continue. “This has something to do with your freaky fetish for serial killers.”
“It is almost time for us to leave. Dean and I will be waiting by the Impala.” Castielle said, grabbing Dean and walking towards the exit. “You ignored me, and now you are scarred for life.” Castielle whisper-yelled at Dean, smacking his head, gaining a ‘Hey’ from him. They both were pissed at what they had witnessed, but they knew that it was too late, they lost their chance.
“Her theories had been right, and she was successful at summoning an Angel. She was able to get information about angels, and their spells.”
“Hey stop stop!” Hannah stopped and turned to find Cas’ face right there, looking at a school outside from the driver’s window. “Can you go in full speed, and stopinfronthimandscarehim?”
“Oh my! They have got ‘Buffy the Vampire Layer’ poster.” Gabe exclaimed looking at the poster hanging from the wall in a frame. It was a pornographic remake of Buffy the Vampire Slayer. The four had gotten the wrong disc once, but watched it anyway, commenting on the lighting and setting.
“What is going on?” Belphie’s voice came from the hallway, in front of a really exhausted Krissy rubbing her eyes.
“Congratulations.” Cas said as he slid into his chair and ate the candy that was there on the table. Ever since he started enjoying food, Loki fed him a lot of candy and Cas loved it. Rowena and Dean told him it was not good but his powers prevented cavities and sickness so Dean can suck it, and Ro can respectfully suck it.
Gabe had fought tooth and nail with Meg to introduce them using fake names. He said he wanted to be Loki, mischievous and ambitious, and Cassie as Chastity, a joke on how Castiel didn’t get laid since he moved to La Honda.
“I am going too. Gotta tell Benny that the Blake-Cooper wedding has changed their order number for the chicken.” Balth mumbled as he walked to his room.
“The universe we were in, Sam.” Said Castielle, while Deanna was petting and kissing the stove, cooing to it… him, and being a goofball.
“I think that’s a swell idea.” The two’s attention was brought back to the gang by the dude dressed up as Fred spoke. “In fact, I think it’s high time we hit the road. I’ll go pay!”
Dean got up with the help and wow, that is a beautiful, elegant hand. He looked up to find a pair of oceans look at him. “Wow, Cas. Every time we meet, I am falling for you.”
“And let’s hear it for Dean Winchester and Lisa Winchester!!” The audiences cheered and calmed down as the piano started to play.
“We are telling the others about us.” Eileen said as Dean and Cas entered the main room after an hour make out.
“Shut up.” Belphie said, surprising Krissy, “Not to be rude, but you have no family. My papa always told me family doesn’t end in blood. Come with me.”
“Calm down Sam!” Crowley exclaimed annoyed. “It is not yet the end of Day 7. They will be awake the next day. Say, aren’t you the hunter here who did the research or was it me?”
“What?” Bobby asked. Angel waved his hand getting Sam’s hand off his shirt and vanished. Suddenly Loki vanished too. “What the hell?”
“What is it Rowena?” Gabriel asked. Following her. When Rowena turned with a sorrowful expression, instead of a reply, Gabe yelled. “TELL ME!”
Michael, with his enhanced Conversion power, believed he was a better than the other two. He believed him being able to convert the monsters into human was better than killing them. What he didn’t include was that the monsters he turned to humans still wanted to kill, for old time sakes, becoming psychopaths. Lucifer had argued saying he was better because he was able to banish the psychopaths to their deaths. The twins had fought with each other and Lucifer ended killing Michael. Lucifer then believed himself to be superior and wanted to be the only one Fighter. He had challenged Gabriel, but Gabriel just wanted to be his recluse self and prank people, while fighting monsters when needed. He was afraid. He had read about the Fighters that had preceded them and he knew Michael and Lucifer were straying into that path. Gabriel had someone to help him not stray into the path, Kali. Lucifer had finally come to kill Gabriel one day, but Gabriel was able to warp reality and kill Lucifer. Lucifer used his last breath to banish Gabriel. That had been the end to most powerful Fighters and first Fighter family ever to be recorded.
“Damn bro!” Loki exclaimed, getting Jody to laugh. Cas ignored it as he was finally kissing his love. Yeah, his love. Cas pulled back from the kiss and Dean stood there, trying to process what had happened. “I’ll tell you everything later, ok? And Loki. He is the good one. Trust me.” Cas’ blues gazed at Dean’s emeralds. “Everything will be all right.” Cas tried to reassure.
“It’s fine. I am comfortable here.” Cas smiled. “Unless you aren’t!” Cas exclaimed as he tried to get off Dean.
Hunter turned towards the voice stunned. “Angel?” He asked in disbelief. He shook his head, rubbed his eyes, heck even pinched himself, and Angel just stood there… smiling happily. “Angel!” Hunter exclaimed as he ran towards him and hugged him.
“WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU WEARING?!” Gilda yelled as she ran inside to not get the kids come out. Meg, intrigued by the quietest of them all yelling, went out to check out what was going on.
“That’s… funny. Coz I was crushing on the teacher that was making Jack and Belphie laugh during English.” Cas said with an amused smile.
“Sister.” Krissy stated distraught. So, Bel saw her as a sister. Nothing else. She thought she heard him say –
“Well Samsquatch.” Loki started. “You might have rules about age and shit but I,” he got up for dramatic effect, “hangout with people I like.” Sam sat there stunned, while the others clapped slowly, as they stood up. “By the way I am just 25.”
Sam, Dean, and Bobby shifted away from Loki a bit, terrified of what had happened, as they turned to Cas, intrigued as why that happened. Cas, coming out of the shock of almost getting hit by a ball, started, “I ran… yeah I ran. I heard someone calling Angel, so transformed myself as Angel then went towards the source of the calling. Another power by the way.” He pointed as Sam, “I can sense when someone calls me, or when I am needed.”
“Hello dear students. This is your principal speaking. As you may all know, there was monster activity this Saturday. Right near our school. And pupils of our school were near the attack. To de-stress you all from this incident, the school has planned an all-day event this Friday. We will be having an obstacle course ending with a pizza/dance party. The first to get through the course will get a special prize. You will be playing in pairs and it will be chosen. Attendance is mandatory. Have a good day and nice week.”
“Sam. Calm down.” Dean said. “I know everything okay! But Cas was comforted by Loki’s presence. He told me he was the good one.” Sam was about to talk but Dean interrupted. “We know where Loki is okay! We can always go check on Cas… as Hunter and Psychic.” Dean said, wiggling his index finger between them. “Eh?” Dean asked wiggling his eyebrows and stopped when Sam responded with a bitchface.
“Looks like a trickster. You know, pranking and shit. I say we go stab ourselves a cocky son of a bitch.”
Belphie was happy with how things were going. It was August and Dean had moved in. Jack and Belphie had started calling Dean as Dean. Ya Boii and Batman were for school. Here, he was Dean, the man that made their papa really happy. They knew papa and Dean’s sad yet cute history. Papa sure did smile before, but now he smiled always. Dean, too, was different with papa. Usually he had a cocky demeanor and acted all cool, but with papa he was a sap. They were always staring at each other with fond smiles, found excuses touch each other, and never, never left each other’s sides.
“I thank all of you who have come.” Gabe said, standing in the elevated platform in the front near the tree with ‘2000’ hanging off from it. “I have something to say to those who have not come. You have missed a beautiful opportunity in life. We don’t know when and where something like this will happen again. Finally, on behalf of our class, the class of 2000, I invite our class favorite Dean, onto the stage to say a few words.”
“Oh.” Cas said. “Well, thank you for your help. Much appreciated.” Cas bowed stiffly then moved to the stand. He saw that the stand can revolve and pushed it. Intriguing. He pushed it again and again, giggling at how the stand spun around.
It was 3 days after the run when Dean got a call from a crying Sam in the Roadhouse, he worked in. Sam apologized to Dean for being mean and thanked him for everything. Dean smiled, trying to rid himself of tears, and replied with a ‘Bitch’ getting a watery chuckle ‘Jerk’ as answer. Dean and Sam talked with each other every day, and Dean added money to the savings account he had created for Sam, unknowing to dad. Sam had told Dean to stop sending him money, but Dean turned deaf during those times. Sam also talked about a girl called Jessica that he had met, and Dean knew that Sam was gone for the girl
“Hi bees, wherever you are. I feel so disoriented Gabe. I hate you.” Castiel said trying to stand by himself.
So, three reasons his relationships had ended were because one showed him off, the other admired him a lot, and the other tried to merge their life together. Everything Dean was doing to Cas. Did Dean show Cas off? Yes, he did. Every time in school, he sat near Cas, whenever someone couldn’t believe Cas had done something, Dean beamed proudly, saying ‘That’s my boyfriend!’ Did Dean admire Cas? Of course, he did! Cas was his angel. His huggybear, his sunshine, his everything. Even after all that abuse, Cas did the good thing. He helped everyone and was there for everyone. Everyone admired him… even Dean. Did Dean try to merge their life together? He was doing that. Like Bobby said, Dean wanted Cas with him all the time. Made him sit on his lap and got him stuff he didn’t even want, thinking it was for the best. Dean wanted to give Cas the best, but he was, like Sam said, hogging Cas all the time. Dean was being obsessive with Cas and it was all because he-
“Ah, she’s so tiny. So angry.” Loki mused. “That milky white skin, dancer’s body. God, I bet she’s flexible.” He saw Rowena turn towards him and he looked at her face.
Oh. Castiel had to get new clothes, quickly. And get things, to show he has access to things. Castiel looked at his own clothes and looked back at Sam’s, incredulously. Did he really find his dress robes not proper? That was one of the best clothes he had!
“With Deanna and Cas. ‘Cause I got to say, you both were pretty close.” Dean chuckled nervously, not knowing whether his jealousy showed.
“Your Mark Castiel.” Dick said. “It’s bigger than any Mark I have ever seen. And yes, the size does matter.” Cas had a confused look on his face. “Ugh…” Dick started, “What I am trying to say is I have been researching you Castiel. Your powers, you have a lot. More than your brothers. How you were born as a 15-year-old, were able to easily adapt to the world, and more importantly the way you are able to use your powers without transformation… it’s unique.”
It was the last school day of the week and the basketball game was today after school. Krissy could see Jacob and Eliot go out with each other more and send gooey eyes to one another. She loved her gang a lot except for the fact that everyone was dating everyone, and Krissy felt jealous looking at them. The plan to avoid Bel was going great. On Thursday she found Bel hang out with the gang at recess but not in lunch, so she sat with them during lunch. Today she sat with the gang at recess but not in lunch. It was an unspoken agreement between her and Bel.
“Don’t you dare lie to me Bel. Tell the truth right now. You like me, don’t you? I know you do but tell me. Tell me that you like me.”
“Yeah. And by the way, the girl is pregnant and is due around July. There is a hospital 8 mins from the venue, so we are set for a sudden pregnancy too.” Meg added.
“Dean would be back by then. He can drop you off.” Sam said and not a second later they could hear Baby rumble from the driveway. “Looks like he is here right now.”
“I was checking your pulse to see whether you are in need of dire medical attention.” A deep, low, gritty voice replied.
“Play the victim all you want. But you and me? We know the truth. Mom and Dad loved you, loved us equally. Then mom starts talking to the new baby and you couldn’t handle it. You already hated that they shared the love between us three, but when another one was coming home, you just couldn’t handle it.”
“Jody.” Bobby said with a nod. Jody looked at him incredulously before dropping the gun reluctantly.
Cas had pulled back from the kiss and stared at Dean with wide eyes. His eyes widened even more as he realized they had an audience. “We’ll talk about this in my place tomorrow, afternoon. You know Belphie and Jack’s student information, right? Get the address from there. I am leaving.” He gave Mary to Dean and walked towards the twins and Krissy.
“Hey Red?” Loki said as he got up, and the two walked to their room. “Are you in a mood for some roleplaying?”
"Ash you fucking idiot," Ellen sighed as she now copied her son and rubbed her face. "I so want to go and tell everyone who pressured you to be an Alpha to fuck off but I can't. So here's what I am going to say." Ellen this time didn't hesitate to take Ash's hand in hers. "You are my son. Whether you like it or not, you are my son. A wonderful son, a wonderful brother, and overall a wonderful man. I don't care that you are not an Alpha, a Beta, nor an Omega. All I care about is that you are my son, the one I carried for 9 months, and my love for you is never gonna change. I am sorry I talked with Bobby and made you think I had decided how you have to live your life. In reality, I just wanted the best for you, and I just got carried away in my imagination. But remember I really don't care who you become as long as you are happy. I love you and will always love you." Ellen smiled, and Ash returned it with a teary smile.
"Nothing." Cas said, getting two confused faces. "They usually just restrain me and leave me alone, except taunt me for some entertainment. I have been blacked out many times now. But it’s because I resisted so unless we don’t resist, they don’t do anything."
and most of the exams Dean had to correct were over. To have an awesome and free summer vacation, Dean started to grade the papers, and tried to finish it by the end of school. He had been on it for few minutes when a group of people singing ‘Happy Birthday’ caught his attention.
“Ok.” Cas nodded to himself. “We are gonna live together, Jack and Belphie are Kelly’s for now, and we are going on a date this Friday.” Cas looked up to Dean. “I can’t believe this is happening.”
“Loki!” Kali screamed as she ran down to see what had happened to her love. If his brothers had something, she would kill them. Slowly and painfully.
Cas didn’t understand how he felt both Zar and Meg’s fingers on him. He thought his whole body was numb to feeling, but this way of touching was different, and elicited heat near his crotch. And Cas was happy to learn that kissing didn’t mean only lips or cheeks but anywhere.
“Yeah, yeah. Well raincheck on that then? If we are still stuck in this hellhole tomorrow, then let’s check it out? I have never seen how it is, or how it works.”
“She’s in room 221, the B stretcher, with Meg and Balthazar. They helped us get here. You can meet her. I’ll come.”
The first 6 months was a little stressful, but Cas was able to manage it. The boys were now a year old. Everything was going smooth. He would be turning 18 any day now, so Sonny was helping him find a place. One day he heard Ruth scream, and found Sonny unconscious on the floor. They had called the paramedics to find that Sonny had died from a heart attack.
Before Dean could follow him, Cas disappeared. “Trouble in Stucky paradise, I see.” Dean heard Loki say. “Come in kid, let’s get you some candy.” The two walked to the counter. The other customers went back to shopping, while they were all speaking.
“Loki said he would be willing to take care of Castiel. And it all depends on your decision Cas.” Jody said. “So, Cas, are you willing to go with Loki, or stay wherever you are staying right now.”
“Open your eyes Dean.” Cas said and Dean opened to find a pair of blue eyes filled with amusement. “Come on. Let’s get some food inside there,” he said releasing his hand, and poking his belly. “And continue this.”
But the world does not stop turning just because a bird and whale fall in love. Summer turned into autumn, and autumn turned into winter. The ocean turned cold, and all the other whales left for warmer waters.
This was what Belphie feared. Kris stopped hanging out with the gang because of him. So, he tried not hang out with them, but his idiot of a brother dragged him to sit with gang. It was going to be a week without the two speaking. At home, Krissy was in her room and he was in his. Both dad and papa gave them food and ask with their eyes whether they would be ready to talk but understood they weren’t.
Castiel stared at Sam’s phone then looked at Sam. “I am afraid I don’t have a portable telephone. Nor a telephone at that matter. But thank you. I am sure I can manage from here.” Castiel nodded to himself and started to move away.
Clarissa bore a Mark in the back of her neck, that Cas said meant Unalome. “A symbol for the journey to enlightenment, which reminds us the path isn’t always straight and is filled with mistakes.” Clarissa said she liked the name and it’s meaning and called herself Una, and Bobby named the Mark Unalome. Jack’s symbol looked like a dear’s head but instead of a face, there was a diamond. Bobby said that one of the books in the library said the Mark represented a Nephilim and Jack called himself Nephilim. The Mark had been termed as the Nephilim’s Mark.
The sun rose and Castiel stood from the boulder. He realized that if he wished for a place then he was able to teleport there. He wished to go to a place where there would be books, so he could learn more about the world and find out. He was teleported to a big building with numerous books. A library. He went in and was greeted by a lady, who commented on his clothes saying it looked cool.
“ugh It’s fine.” Dean turned around and moved more towards the wall, giving Cas space to lie on the bed better. “How long have you been here? And what are you doing?” He asked swatting Cas’ fingers from his face.
Angel turned his back towards Sam and Bobby, kissed Dean and pulled back to say one word, “Verralre.”
“No problem. We have nothing much to do today. We can go out somewhere or sleep in. What do you guys wanna do?”
Cas gave a forced smiled before shaking his head no. “Let me know what you have decided to do with the Garden of Eden. I will make changes accordingly.” And with that he disappeared, leaving Jack to stand in confusion.
Jacob was speechless. That was the most adorable button nose he had ever seen. And those blue eyes. Wow. Those cheeks with red tints. Cute. And that dimple whenever he says something with the letter ‘t’. Oh lor- He was cut from finishing that thought as Krissy nudged her elbow into his ribs.
“Isn’t that the month of baby’s due? I know you didn’t ask for the due date at the doctor’s, for surprise or shit, but 9 months from November is July, right?”
“No, not at all.” Castielle said, after a long pause. If looks could kill, then Cas would have been dead by now. “Well,
“When I became God, things were made clear to me.” Jack said. “All that anger… it was out of compassion. And when you said I wasn’t family, it wasn’t you talking, it was Chuck.”
The two stared at each other, trying to understand whether this was a dream, or reality. While they were staring at each other, Gabe had left, to give the diaper bag to Ellen, as he heard Mary wail loudly. The twins (and Krissy) stood there trying to figure out what was going on between their English teacher and their papa. Krissy, getting bored at the two staring at each other, dragged Belphie to the dancefloor to show her moves. Jack on the other hand got distracted by a man holding some sugary monstrosity.
Clark now understood. Wow, Jack was a sneak. Clark started laughing and said, “I didn’t even know you were doing that, but yeah it’s wrong to do that, Jack. Stop deceiving that girl even though she deserves it for trying to cheat on her boyfriend. To be honest, I brought you here for another reason, but this. This is awesome. Jack, you sneak.”
“Cas, I am sorry. I am so sorry.” Dean said, kissing Cas and trying to convey how much he loves him. “If there was another way, I will Cas.”
“Dibs on not digging the grave!” Sam yelled as he ran to his room, getting a ‘Son of a Bitch’ from Dean.
Everyone turned to find a dude with a cape and power ranger mask on, roll into the room on heelys.He skid his way towards Meg and grabbed her before swiftly moving out of the room, the others in the room not able to understand what the hell was going on.
Dean Winchester is 17 years old, a senior in high school, quarterback, and popular with all the girls and guys. But he holds a secret. Both him and Sam. The two are Fighters and their Uncle Bobby is a Man of Letter. The two live with their Uncle after their parents died in a fire when Dean was 8.
Rowena moved towards him, almost sitting on his lap. “I know a thing or two about wounded, masculine pride.” She said and had somehow ended straddling him.
He was first shocked that Belphie was okay with it. He had asked Belphie too. Belphie then told him about Harper and Dean agreed. Lesser of two evils, Dean mused. But when the twin started telling how Clark acted different in school, a sweet sap with Jack when they all hung out, Dean realized how prejudiced he was. Clark too was a good kid. He was just wearing a mask at school. Charlie and Dean had met Jack and congratulated him, for which he blushed and mumbled a thanks.
“He has to practice being feminine. He isn’t used to being like this, and he makes it look weird.” Gabe answered.
So Belphie did the second thing that he swore he won’t do. Chores. He did laundry, swept the floor, and mopped it. He also washed the dishes, but the water that sprinkled on him tickled, and made him realize that he was still naked.
“You forget that I was the one who introduced Sam and Jess to you guys. I didn’t know you guys provided strippers. And who is the girl? Clarissa or something.”
Though the problems in the first two relationship was something he was used to from the whole school, the last relationship had almost got him to give up on relationships totally. Aaron had been someone he met in the summer football camp. The first month of Summer holidays had been spent slowly in the camp but with appreciative looks shared between Dean and Aaron. The first time Dean found Aaron staring at him, Dean had thought Aaron was threatening him to back down but later found out that he had thought there was a gay thing going on between Dean and him. Dean, as usual with guys, got really flustered and ran off. It was at the end of the camp when Aaron had come up to Dean and given his number, to hang out anytime as he was in Kansas City. The two had a good start but then Aaron had started calling him every day, trying to know what was happening in his life, shoving Dean with what was happening in his life. He had shared his whole background, hoping Dean would share with him too. When Dean talked about his achievements, Aaron tried to one up him on everything. When Dean shared his favorite things, Aaron shared his too and wished Dean would change his favorites to match Aaron’s. And Dean said he can’t have someone try to take so much control in his life, ultimately ending his relationship with Aaron.
The 5 split out with mistletoes from a box Sam had got. Mary was interested in the mistletoes, so Sam used her as a storage box for the mistletoes. Mary was giggling at the tickle of the mistletoes. Sam had started from the end of the hallway and making his way towards the tree when it happened. He was fixing the mistletoe in front of Dean and Cas’ room when he heard a moan. Sam ignored it, but then heard a creak.
“Jess! I am here. It’s going to be alright. We are going to have a baby.” Sam said, then realized. They are having a baby. Meg was able to notice Sam was about to freak out.
“You Sammy. You guys and your awkward position. And seriously, what in the world are you guys doing with that book?”
And so, they did. They made love that night, and Dean shot in Cas, as per Cas’ wishes. They slept as they lazily made out, trying to forget the inevitable.
Jack was speechless. He never thought that he liked Clark that way. Sure, Clark was his best friend, after Belphie, but now that he confessed, Jack feels maybe he likes Clark that way too? He thought about how he liked Adam, Alfie, Claire, and Kaia. They were fun to spend time with, he can play anytime he wants, and they had his back. Jack then thought how he liked Clark. Same as the others, but five times more. Belphie was incomparable. He loved Belphie, but his feelings for Clark were close, yet far. He couldn’t think of Clark as his brother, but also not as his friend. Clark was something else.
Dean came back to find a bed-headed Cas in his ridiculous looking pajamas and the matching bee socks. He was working around the kitchen, until he saw Dean.
Dean didn’t even get to reply as the boy ran somewhere. All his focus was on the curves of the legs and that firm, toned ass. Sure, the guy was handsome, but Dean was happy to talk with someone who didn’t know him. More than that, he wanted to know about the guy who was ready to fight with someone because they called someone else a dork. Dean didn’t know how long he was on the floor, staring at the spot where Castiel was but then something crashed outside, and Dean shook out of his reverie.
“She realized angels weren’t the sweet, soft, harp playing goodness. They had their motives to bring plague to Earth and destroy everything. A solution to get rid of monsters and start a new paradise on Earth.” Bobby said casually, as if ordering food in a drive-in.
“I see this is going to be a long story. Mind if we sit? I got lunch.” Jacob said, not waiting for Krissy to reply as he went towards the bleachers. “Hurry your ass.” He smirked.
“3 years coming this new year’s… wow.” Garth said. They were all sobered up now, a little thanks to Cas, and Sam and Eileen had just finished their recount.
“It’s fine. I can go from here. Thank you, Hunter. You can leave now.” He smiled. “You already know a lot about me. I don’t want you to kill me in my sleep.”
“Wait… Why does Angel erase everyone’s memory? And why did he leave your memory as Hunter?” Bobby asked.
It felt like hours before they startled back to reality as a firework burst in the sky forming a heart, as everyone cheered ‘Congratulations Sam and Jess!’
“So, Dean,” Gabe had said as we were walking to their cycles, “our holidays start from tomorrow. I wonder, how you’re going to stay without seeing me for 2 months.” He said in a teasing tone. Cas looked at Dean who smiled back at me before looking to the front.
“The one you had sex with during lunch, and just now met.” Sam said. “Don’t ask me how I know you just met them. You have your belt back.”
"Ma? Pa, what's going on?" Jo asked Bobby when she realized Ellen was intent with staring at the man and not acknowledge her own daughter.
Gabriel winced as he heard Castiel yelling from the basement. “Why do you do this? Why do you and Nick do this?” Gabriel yelled from where he was tied.
“Yes, your highness. Sir Knight Benjamin, Sir Fitzgerald the Fourth, Barnes the Psychic, and I will be at your majesty’s at half past five.”
Dean learnt that Cas loved being in control and Dean submitting to him. Dean liked it too. He trusted Cas. Cas also occasionally loved Dean riding him, loving the sight of Dean’s member bounce up and down. And with Dean trying to get his balls move, the bounce was even more beautiful. They explored bondage, spanking, and also blindfolding. Cas, the kinky son of bitch, loved Dean riding him, while Dean was blindfolded, and Cas was restrained to the bed. Dean loved getting tied in a perfect X on the bed while Cas pounded him in missionary. No one liked getting spanked though.
“You take the overgrown man, and I’ll take the talking dog.” Angel said as he placed his hand on Scooby and vanished. Hunter did the same and found Angel and Scooby waiting for them near a dark room with an open door in the basement.
“Time to cut the turkey yall!” Dean’s voice got everyone’s attention as he came from the kitchen, with Cas following with knives to carve the turkey. It was a long time Sam was with family. Jess and Sam were doting on Mary a lot that they forgot about socializing until Charlie’s engagement. After that, their social media presence increased, but the outer world was still forgotten. This was the first time in a while Sam, Jess, and Mary were outside. This was Mary’s first Thanksgiving, and this was going to be awesome.
“Yeah. I wore black sandals instead of buying gold sneakers.” Eileen said, showing off her feet. “My skin color around the red and black looks golden.” She said smiling. Cas signed something, which others, except Sam, didn’t understand. Eileen signed back as she said, “Jo knew how to curl hair.” Cas smiled as he signed. “Thank you, Cas. Your hair, or wig, looks good too.”
Cas and Dee stood there, staring at the closed door, then at each other. “What do you wanna do?” Deanna asked looking at Cas.
“Ok. Come quick. I think we got something on the ghost ship.” Sam said as he left with Dean following him, hopping in one leg as he wore his pants.
Realizing what he had just done, Cas retracted, “I am sorry Deanna, so sorry. I didn’t know what I was doing. The first time, you were just so cute with those wide green terrified eyes, and I couldn’t just help it. But the second I panicked. The first time was accidental, I swear, but when I realized what I had done, and you asking me why I did it, I … I … I didn’t know. I am sorry Dee, I am so sor-“ Now it was Cas’s turn to get interrupted by a pair of lips on his.
Cas nodded in acknowledgement. “9 to 6, in 36 frames, we are going to click photographs in your digital camera. No preview. No deleting, if you find a mistake. We need to know what’s your mistake.”
Bobby and Ellen got to hold and coo at Mary while Dean congratulated Sam and Jess. Jess was asleep quickly, so the others stayed out, instead of going home. Mary had everyone wrapped around her tiny fingers in the few minutes of entering the Earth.
“Yall are just jealous that you got no one in your life like Tom and Grim have each other.” Gabe sniffed, as he returned to his room.
The next day everyone woke up late, due to the yesterday’s tension. Sam and Dean talked with the others, letting them know what had happened. Everyone was glad that Cas was alright. Dean had deliberately omitted the detail that him and Cas had kissed, thinking of sharing it after confirming it with Cas. Sam, being the younger brother he is, had teased Dean that he will tell the others, for which Dean threatened he would spill about Sam and Eileen, not only that they have been dating for 2 months, but also that they LOVE each other.
“An inside thing. Like Tauriel.” Gilda explained. “But this brings up the question of where would they be?”
"Please." Ellen begged, her voice raw with emotion, which unnerved most of the people in the room. Bobby came to Ellen's side, not sure what was happening but trying to console her mate. "Just tell me. You can leave then. Just why? Why'd you leave?"
Dean took the microphone from Gabe and cleared his throat. “I’m so happy. I feel I have become half my age. I came here thinking everything and everyone would have changed. Or act different with me.” Dean subtly looked to Cas, who sat up straighter and secretly smiled. “But nothing has changed. I feel like wearing my blue and white uniform and want to go to school with all of you again.” Sam, Charlie, and Gabe smiled at Dean’s words. “Thanks.” Dean said as he felt his eyes tear up. Before he could leave the stage, someone yelled his name out.
Dean reached the bunker quickly and ran towards Sam’s room, getting ready to rant about Angel when he heard Sam speak.
Cas had called Dean the next day to watch Loki’s selection of porn. Dean was first shocked about this but went to Loki’s anyways. Cas always watched the film with eerie concentration, but his face and the moaning from the tv always made Dean hard. It was weird but Dean hadn’t had action other than heavy make out for 3 months so screw yourself.  It was on Dean’s birthday when it happened.
“So, Jacob likes me… I like him… and I missed my chance to kiss him?” Eliot asked again, and Krissy threw her hands up in frustration and nodded. “I… I have to go.” He informed then bolted out of the house.
“Come here darlin’, I need more.” Deanna said, enveloping Castielle in a bear hug, looking at Dean with a expression that basically said ‘you can have this too, you know.’
“Yeah! Let’s go! We’re done.” Dean happily said as the two started towards the principal room. Dean opened the door using the key and found a trophy on the principal’s desk, and a paper nearby. Dean dashed to pick up the trophy, as Cas closed the door and followed Dean to the table and picked up the paper.
“No… there is no time for maintaining connection Bobby.” Cas said as he fished out his phone from his pocket. “With work, and stuff.” He shoved his phone to Bobby, who took it.
Mabel fell to the ground, and this time Cas had scoured the place and declared Mabel was in fact dead and now, their case was over.
“What?” Castielle asked scared. Did it end, even before it started? Deanna would have realized by now that she wasn’t good enough. She kne-
“You two princesses ready? We got someone to save. And the faster you do, the more sleep you can get for school tomorrow.” Bobby said.
Amelia didn’t allow Castiel to help at all. She wanted to do everything by herself. She also wanted to bake a cake, but Gabe had fought with her, saying that he wanted to contribute too. Amelia couldn’t fight with Gabe. He was an overgrown child. So, they decided that they will have the twins’ birthday party in Amelia’s but Gabe will get the cake. Their birthday was On a Monday, in the middle of exam time. Castiel had suggested they could have the party during the weekends, but Amelia was against it. She said they could have a small party on Monday evening, with Tuesday being study holiday, the kids could relax and study. It was settled then.
Gabe slung his arm over her shoulder, rubbing her arm in comfort. After companionable silence, Gabe said. “I actually lost your kind of love too.”
Now that Cas was free without work, Dean decided they’d go on a movie date. They were playing the whole Star Wars trilogy in the theater nearby, and
Dean had noticed Bobby’s pick-up truck following him from behind. He didn’t have the energy to argue with them, he just wanted to talk with Cas. He had to inform Cas though, that he was being spied by his family but didn’t know how. He didn’t want Cas’ secret to be let out. Dean had searched about male pregnancy and found out many things about it, mostly fiction. But in the dark web, there were many who had come clean to the public about their struggles. Fiction triumphing the results than reality, many believed those confessions were just fiction prompts or so.
“Alright. Kat? Come on. Psychic's gunna get you out of here and then we're gunna find your boyfriend.” Hunter said.
The two were now standing in front the check in gates. Cas slid the guitar bag of him and gave it to Dean, who moved back, refusing to take it. “What?” Cas asked.
“All he did was watch cartoon, but he was magic. Whatever he watched, happened here.” Angel said moving to the body. “His parents,” he pointed to the bodies, “thought he was the devil, and killed him, slowly. He was locked in the basement, whipped, starved, used as a slave, manipulated that they were doing it for his own good!” Angel exclaimed. He then took a stuttered breath and continued, “At least he had cartoon for company.” He said with humorless chuckle.
Dean’s first day was awesome, to say the least. He had classes from the third period to fifth continuously. Both Charlie and he had free time during the last period.
“I want to do it Meg. I can choreograph and help Gabe become the stripper he was meant to be!” Castiel exclaimed.
“What the hell did you guys do? The Men of Letters just recorded an Energy Blast in Manning, Colorado.” Bobby said.
It took a little more time for the two to get Cas’ costume on. Hunter flustered whenever he touched or saw Cas’ bare skin, while Cas blushed whenever Hunter looked at him. “I don’t know how to wear a wig or eyeliner…”
They stopped at the road that split into a bridge and a different road, the former leading to Cas’ home, while the latter to Dean’s. Dean and Cas looked at each other, like they have been doing for the past months, before Dean spoke up.
“Dude… do you know how close you always sit. You don’t talk, you whisper. Your mouth so close to his ear. It’s disgusting.” Sam ended, getting Dean to blush again. “Anyway, I have to go to class. Bye.” Dean nodded and left for his class too, getting his mind wrapped around the Cas thing and the Angel thing.
“Let’s go. They have been waiting for us for a while.” Cas said, holding out his hand for Deanna to take. She smiled bashfully, as she took his hand.
The gang, except for Krissy and Belphie, woke up to a scream. A little while later, someone was shaking Belphie awake.
They made burgers and went to the main room to watch Game of Thrones, because Dean learned that Cas didn’t know they exist. It was the second episode when Cas spoke up, “I’m not understanding the hype about Game of Thrones.”
It was Deanna’s turn to now turn red, as Castielle stared at her with an amused smile. “Thanks a lot, Castiel.” Deanna mumbled. Castielle leaned down to peck at her lips, “I find it endearing. But next time you want help getting out of your clothes, tell me.” Castielle winked, getting up to get some water for herself, as Deanna stared at her in awe.
Castiel was confused. What did sticky fingers mean? Sure, they got sticky when he used honey but nonetheless how does that get him sent to jail. He was confused. And moreover, he was curious as to what was the color of this man’s eyes. They were green, sure, but this was a green he has never seen before.
Hunter went to his usual spot just to find it already occupied, by a familiar bedhead in a tan trench coat. “Hey there!” He said as he went to sit near the boy, startling him.
He had made up his mind to not make friends and stay away, but at the same time be kind to others and not standoffish. All his plans had gone to drain when he met Sam and especially his brother Dean in school. He was able to avoid their persuasion to join them in lunch but failed. He was enjoying being with the group. He had learnt sign language for Eileen, finding it fun. The group was enthusiastic, almost got him to break his rules and get them all in trouble of getting tortured by Michael and Lucifer. Cas had started doing his journal entries during lunch, distracting himself from the group’s discussions, but many times found himself drawn to conversations. He loved talking to Dean as Angel too. He started calling himself as Angel, like how Zar and Meg used to call him. He had trouble with erasing Dean’s memory but then he himself had called Angel to erase his memory. Cas had a small inkling that Hunter and Dean were the same person, as he sensed Hunter lying about his relationship with Dean. After his outburst in the last fight, Dean had called him to get his memory erased, and that increased his suspicion even more.
“No worries Castiel. It was our daughter’s choice. You did nothing wrong. I have to go. Bye.” Mrs. Kline hung up the phone.
“It would be easier if he has like a preferred victim.” Hunter complained as Psychic and he were scouring the forest.
“And we had to run from a wedding, learning my kids were admitted in the hospital.” Cas said. “Not knowing what had happened.”
“Dean? Dean! Look at me!” Cas said cupping his face. “Breathe in.” Cas breathed in and Dean followed. “Breathe out.” They repeated this until Missouri spoke up.
“Yes, we are.” Cas said. “It’s wrong.” He said and before Dean could realize what was happening, the two were teleported to his room on his bed, and Dean under Cas. “Now, it’s right.” Cas smirked and leaned down.
“-out?” Everyone tensed at the new voice. “You see Gabey, you can run all you want, but you forget I can sense you. But for some reason, not that filth.”
Cas woke up the next day to the sound of his room door opening and two voices yellig - a young girl’s more prominent.  Before he knew it, a lady and a girl were pushed inside and the door was locked.
Jack was talking his ear off. They had to wait in a line for the tour, and in that time, Jack was telling Clark everything about the tour. Clark couldn’t help but smile fondly at Jack’s enthusiasm. He was so adorable. There were still 3 groups in front of them, but Clark didn’t care. He was happy to spend time with Jack and listening to him talk. Jack then started in a small voice.
Dean was walking towards his class, thoughts on the fight, when someone bumped into him, sending him to the floor.
“Psychic!” Hunter yelled, trying to move towards him but the other vampires woke up. Hunter drew out his machete and charged. “Time to gank some bloodsuckers.” He was able to slice 5 vampires before he was rounded. Before they could attack, a loud rattling shook the roof of the barn. The vampires turned to see what the commotion was. Hunter took their distraction to move towards Psychic and check for injuries and wake him up. The door burst open and a man in loose light blue t-shirt and jeans entered. The vampires cowered behind as the man stalked towards him, light bulbs shattering in a shower of sparks.
“And dying in your beds many years from now, would you be willing to trade all the days, from this day to that, for on chance-”
“What if I tell her I like her, and she says ok because she thinks she has to? She has to because she wants to reciprocate a deed that I did?” Belphie questioned.
“Ice cream and pie!” Dean exclaimed. “Cas can choose the pizza. Cas?” Dean asked, hoping he would choose the Meat Lover.
Dean cleared his throat to rid his laughter and patted Cas’ shoulder. “Don’t ever change.” Great now he was touching him… and not letting go.
“Hey! I bought that with my own money.” Cas protested, which Dean ignored and introduced Cas and Baby.
Bel’s eyes, the one thing he kept most private to him, was now open and wide for Krissy to see. It was beautiful. Jack’s eyes were one green, one blue, but Belphie’s… they were all together. The inner ring near the pupil was green, forest green. It then moved away from the center to yellow then blending with the outer ring with was blue. It was magnificent. And the thick lashes that framed those eyes were just… beautiful.
It took some time for me. End of my university precisely, to find happiness again through different forms and try to move my pain to the subconscious. My mom, my dad, Sammy, Gabe, and Charlie were the ones who helped me get better, but that pain was still there.
“Look, I’ve got to go.” Angel said. He leaned in and kissed Hunter’s cheek and pulled back as he squeezed Hunter’s hand. “See you soon, Dean.” He winked as he vanished.
If you believe there could be some more tags added to this story, please do share in the comments. I love talking (chatting) with others :)
“Oh, and Bobby. Sammy wanted to ask you whether he could get his friends over to do the group project, but I didn’t know whether we could due to the Bat Signal. Nerd ran to his room without asking you to do homework.” Dean said pulling back.
“We are thinking near Thanksgiving, Christmas, or New Years. Our weddings gonna have only few people. Sam, Jess, Mary, you, Cas, Jack, Belphie, Krissy, Meg, Balthazar, Gabriel, Benny, Andrea, Garth, Bess, Pamela, and then Bobby, Ellen, Jo, Ash need to join too.  Even if we invite Amelia, Christine, Claire, Clark, in total, it’s less than 30 people. And this is our Thanksgiving bunch. Gilda said she is stealing Jess as her mom to walk her down the aisle, after finding out I asked you to be my dad. I want Cas to strip for me -- I mean us. Me
“You, Jackie-boy, are gonna help me set the place up, and control the music.” Jack nodded, determined to help them.
“No one knows anything else. Really sad. Cas came to know about it only that night. There had been a huge fight, Cas yelling at his dad for being an alcoholic gambling addict. But Cas being a minor had to move with his dad.” Sam said.
“I can’t believe you guys! You guys didn’t tell us you were engaged!” Sam exclaimed and everyone turned to the couple in question to see whether the Sam was telling the truth.
“If you had spoken more properly, I wouldn’t have had a heart attack and died at the age of 27.” Castiel muttered as he walked to his room.
With that display, Dean and Castielle felt stupid that didn’t foresee it. After dinner, the four talked about room arrangements. Castielle said she will sleep in a different room, and shift all her clothes there, and Dean agreed to do the same, adding that Castiel could use Dean’s/Castielle’s room, while Deanna could sleep in her usual room. That is when it happened. That is when Castiel suggested that Castielle didn’t have to move her clothes, instead he would move his clothes to Deanna’s room, since Dean didn’t have much to shift, and it would be easier if he was the only one who shifted. With Deanna agreeing and claiming that Castiel’s idea was a really, really, REALLY AMAZING idea, Dean and Castielle couldn’t help but agree. What would they do? Talk about how they felt? Nope, not a chance.
‘We are spread out though.’ Charlie chimed in. ‘I guess we decide Kansas and get ready to join there. We can set the date to a later month or year.’
“How many times have I told you to place the dishes in the dishwasher and not the sink? Why do you do this all the time?”
“If I may interject,” Cas started, turning the twos attention towards him, “how long have you liked Belphie? I know and it’s ok. That day’s recess, Dean had told me about it. Was it then?” Krissy shook her head.
"What?" Meg asked incredulously. "Are you insinuating that I caused the sirens??? How dare you assume- oh shit." Meg stopped herself as she realized. "Look I can explain-"
“Angel is gone! And you know it.”  Psychic said. “There is no sign of spirit activity. He saved us and we have to go back before we are sighted. Please.”
Dean came front and gave Sam a paper where he had written his vows. Charlie did the same. “Jess, you are the love of my life. I can’t wait to get with you and Mary. We will start our family. I promise to try and develop my sense in jewelry shopping,” Jess let out a watery chuckle, “I promise to try and replace the toilet paper when it’s over, and I promise to try and put the laundry in the hamper. But remember, I will not promise to love you. Because I know. I know how much ever we fight, argue, or even somehow defeat you in Purgatory, I know I love you. I love you in the past, present, and in the future. You brought me Mary, and I am really happy that you fell in love with me. I love you, even when death do us apart.”
Dean slid his hand in Cas’ as all the passengers in the waiting area started to line up in front of the gate.  Cas turned to Dean and moved Dean so he could face him. Cas was crying silently, and that let the tears Dean had in control fall too. The held each other’s hand and stared at one another.
“Transformation?” Castiel wasn’t aware of transformations. He just did his job. He got to know about revealing himself to Zar and Meg when they couldn’t see his wings. Cas had asked Gabe why Zar and Meg couldn’t see his wings, and Gabe had told him to say the word ‘Verralre’ to them. And so, he did.
“Good morning, papa. I have something to tell you but ‘m tired. Ask me when I’m more awake, ok?” Jack asked sleepily.
“Yes Castiel. That was correct.” Sam said with a sympathetic smile. Poor guy had been locked in his home to the whole time that he didn’t know how to address others. The bell rang as everyone chose their topics and started a bit of their research. The 3 said goodbye to each other and left.
“Bye Charlie! I am going to sleep too. Gotta leave first thing in the morning tomorrow.” Jo said stretching.
“I am also trying to get him to speak with a feminine voice, so when people talk to him, he can answer without me being his mouthpiece.” Gabe added with a pointed look at Castiel, settling near him.
After making sure with Benny that he doesn’t tell anything to the couple, they bought everything and left.
“I have got the Star Wars trilogy, Hobbit and LOTR series, and other geeky stuff Dean hates to admit he likes.” Charlie said. “It’ll also be a good education for Cas.”
“Welcome back to Music Talk Show. And now it’s time for our most awaited release. Dean Winchester’s new album!!!” The host said. As the cheers from the audience calmed, the host turned to Dean. “So, Mr. Winchester-”
“I can get rid of the ghost, but he is hidden.” Angel said. “The only way we can stop this is by using the sheriff as bait.”
Recess and lunch were spent without Krissy and Belphie. The two were doing a great job dodging each other. Whenever Belphie saw a brunette with leather, he left the hallway or hid behind his locker. Krissy did the same whenever she saw a blue hoodie. When they had the same class, Krissy went early to find a desk at the back corner, while Belphie came in at the last second, taking any desk that was left. The strategy was working really well.
“Out of everything that is wrong with this, your only question is the name of that horrendous thing?” Jo asked incredulously.
What the hell had happened in that kitchen? And why did Dean care? Why did he care that Deanna went all gooey under Cas’ stare? Why did he care that Cas didn’t even move an inch back when Deanna started leaning towards him? Why did he care (or even notice) the way Cas’ thumb moved in a gentle circular motion on Deanna’s hips? Why did he care that his angel was okay with his alter ego feeling his stubble? And why did he want to be Deanna during that whole time? (That is a question for the
It was a month into school, and everyone was done with Jack and Clark. The two had started speaking in a British accent, giggling at how silly it sounds. It annoyed everyone. They usually sit in the school grounds during recess and lunch, and Jack and Clark always talked in a British accent. The recess bell had just rung and Belphie was stuck with Jack and Clark, waiting for the others to join them.
“I don’t know but they need to talk this out.” Cas said. He went to the Impala, where Belphie was still sitting, fiddling with his hoodie sleeves. “Hey Belphie. Why don’t you come in? We’ve got pies.” Belphie nodded and entered the house.
It was when he was waiting in the single ride line for The Haunted Mansion, a girl bumped into him. Belphie, already annoyed, was pissed now. “Watch where you are going!” He turned to find a girl his age with brown hair trying to hide from someone. “Who are you? What are you doing?”
Dean was sleeping when he felt someone was straddling him. He was about to open his eyes when he heard a familiar voice, “Close your eyes honeybee.”
THANK YOU ALL WHO GAVE THIS WORK A TRY!! I was really scared of receiving hate for not writing a destiny endgame fix but as usual the spnfamily has been kind :) hope you enjoy the ending and be happy :)
“Hey.” Belphie said rubbing the back of his neck, not able to get the gloom out of his tone. He wanted to tell her how yesterday was just a prank by Jack, but he was scared that if he spoke, he would start crying. So, he just stared at the floor.
“Um… yeah.” Dean retracted his hand reluctantly, “Well see you some other time. Preferably when I am not on the floor.” Dean said chuckling.
“Thank you, Sam. Eileen. Share my regards to Bobby. And I will try about lunch.” Castiel said as he left the room. Sam and Eileen got up to show him out but heard the door close.
Dean turned to find Sam standing in front of him. “Heya Sammy,” Dean smiled as he ruffled his not-so little brother’s hair. “Sorry, the plane got delayed.”
“It’s – um – it’s – huh – it’s been going good.” Cas said as his heart began speeding up, a tell-tale sign of his diminishing consciousness. Dean could hear the rhythmic beating of Cas' heart. He hesitated before raising his hand and putting it on Cas' chest. and the same thing that happened 2 decades ago happened.
“Hello and welcome to the Banes Jewels. I’m Rowena, at your service. How can I help you?” A red – head asked with a fake smile.
“Did the thought ever cross that he would be pairing with me?” Lydia asked from somewhere. Dean didn’t care about what was happening around him because his eyes fell on Cas, who was with a guy, who was touching him… a lot. Dean saw red.
“Long story,” Belphie waved his hand dismissively, “Uncle Gabe had asked papa bring diaper to the wedding, and he couldn’t leave us, so he brought us here.”
“Can I talk to Loki?” Sam asked quickly and nervously. Well Rowena wanted to know what was going on.
“Don’t worry. I won’t tell anyone.” Eileen stopped Sam. “When you talked with me the first time. When the Banshee came, you didn’t look spooked. I thought you were a Warrior but then when you asked whether I was a Fighter, I thought maybe you were a Fighter.” Eileen smiled. “The suspicion increased when we fought together, and you weren’t confused to see me there.”
There was no change in the dynamic between the friends during school. Dean got settled in Pittsburg while Sam and Cas crammed for their finals. Benny had got into culinary arts while Jo took a gap year, helping her mom with the Roadhouse. Charlie, Garth, and Eileen were also stressing out for the finals. Charlie was pursuing to become a hacker and was breezing through her applications. Garth wanted to become a dentist, and had shared to the others except Cas, Dean, and Sam, that werewolves required dental hygiene too. Eileen wanted to work for the deaf community and so decided to join Sam and work in the Deaf Community services in Palo Alto. Sam, since beginning, wanted to be a lawyer and was going to Stanford. Cas had been interested in archaeology since he saw Indiana Jones and wanted to become an archaeologist.
Sam cleared his throat but the two didn’t acknowledge. “Guys, I am happy you two are together, but I need you guys to focus on what is happening here. Pagan Gods!” The two composed themselves and turned to Sam. “Okay. So, what’s the plan?”
“Well he promised me to be a pair for the dance and pizza party so if you’ll excuse us.” Dean smiled falsely as he dragged Cas to the start point.
“Lake Manitoc, Wisconsin. Spirit activity causing drownings. There is one happening right now.” Bobby hollered as the three walked to him. “You guys have to be there ASAP.” Bobby commanded and they nodded.
“Okay. So, Dean, we have been waiting for this release for the past 4 years since the news was shared on your twitter.” The host said excitedly. “We have heard that this album is different from your usual go to genre.”
“Even if this sweety wasn’t here, I wasn’t gonna spend time seeing some wackos stripping down to their underwear.” Bobby said, getting everyone to laugh. “Trust us when we say we don’t want to be there. We were going to watch TV but now we’ll be watching Mary.”
"Collins." The girl, Claire, finished. "The new Omega Prince of Eden, married to Dean Winchester." She turned to her stunned mother and said, "We learnt about them in Kingdom News in school."
School was going well. Students were counting the days until summer vacation, and so was Charlie. The epic battle between Moondor and the Shadow Orcs for the Forever Crowns was gonna take place during June and she couldn’t wait to beat their asses. The gang had talked about their battle strategies, and because Pamela was a psychic, she was given information, ‘predicted’ how the Shadow Orcs were strategizing. The Shadow Orcs didn’t have a psychic, so they were in a disadvantage.
"Hmm." Ellen nodded. "It seems Ketch somehow got custody of Meg’s phone and informed the group in Paganus about her arrival here."
Dean put his angel back on ground before realizing what he had just done, feeling a blush developing on his face.
Dean woke up to find Castielle, Deanna, and Cas sitting on the table, enjoying coffee, and talking about something.
“Oh my God, out of everything, the one thing you took from this exchange was that I called you Samandriel?”
“Lori give me your chain.” Psychic said as he locked the two behind the iron gates of the Church nearby. Lori nodded and raised her hand to her chest to get the chain but-
“Hey Cas!” Dean smiled, happy to see Cas. Cas tripped a little and his expression fell to nervousness. His strides were now hesitant.
“Get this!” Psychic lifted his hand up, telekinetically throwing his silver knife at the shapeshifter’s heart. Hunter popped up behind the shapeshifter at the last moment and placed his at the spot in the back that was parallel to the heart. The shapeshifter smirked and turned around, shifting his position with Hunter’s. “NO!” Psychic yelled the same time a shot was heard. He brought his hand down, but it was too late as the knife got Hunter. Psychic ran towards Hunter, as he fell to the ground, with the shapeshifter falling on him, dead.
Dean was absolutely wasted. He was seeing things and that was it. At the end pose of the song, Dean was able to see the profile of the lady. It looked really familiar. Those sharp jaws looked so good. It had been a-
“Hey! What is going on?” Charlie asked Dean, whose eyes were focused on what Cas was doing. “Dean this is not right! I am warning you.” She hissed, getting Dean’s attention back on her.
“Yeah, like did you meet anyone out of the ordinary. Like a man or woman with blue eyes and tattoos?”
Clark was still rooted near the door, trying to understand what was happening. Jack’s voice then got him out of his shock, “Why don’t you let Uncle Gabe drop you at your house? We’ll meet at school.”
“This looks like a secret bunker for Fighters.” Eileen said laughing, and Sam joined in. Castiel just looked confused.
Sam turned a pleading look to Bobby, asking him to help but Bobby returned it with a ‘remember what I said’ look. Sam nodded solemnly and followed Dean up the stairs. He slid into the Impala and Dean started off. “Dean, I’m so-”
“Alright ya idjits,” Bobby came into the room, “Everybody is here. And remember, all Men of Letters and Warriors are not always human, there are also friendly creatures and-”
“Cassie.” Loki said as he got up and grabbed Cas fiercely, hugging him tightly. “That reminded you of-” Cas nodded even before Loki finished the whole sentence. “So, you’d kill yourself?”
“I nearly killed Rich, Taylor, and now my dad is in the process of getting killed. They didn’t deserve to be punished. I do.” As soon as the words fell from her lips, Hook Man materialized near Psychic and Lori.
“Well then.” Lucifer said and Michael and he left, untying him. Gabe ran to the basement and found Cas in the chair passed out. “Ok Cassie… Let’s do this.” Gabe took Castiel’s right hand in his own, thumb and index finger holding Cas’ thumb, and the rest of his fingers on the right corner of the palm. Gabe squeezed it tightly, and Cas’ eyes fluttered open as he gasped. “Cassie?”
He found Jack and Belphie smiling more, and excelling in English, like the other subjects. Each day there was something happening in the English class, and it was always fun. The twins had spent time with both Tauriel and Ya Boii Batman (Castiel just merged the two names his sons called their teacher) last week on Monday, and had talked about how they Tauriel had beat both their asses in Mario Kart. They said that Ya Boii Batman didn’t play but commented that Tauriel is the best in any games they played.
“Hey! Bad Boy’s first impression of me should be me in all my glory.” “True that.” Deanna and Dean said. Cas rolled his eyes and continued.
“Cas, I swear to God. Fuck me already!” Dean yelled at Cas, making him laugh. Cas pushed himself in, till his hips contacted Dean’s skin. “Fu-u-uckkk!” Dean let out a breathy moan. “Pound me, Cas! Fast and Hard!”
“Thank you so much Belphie!” Clark exclaimed in relief. Belphie had not only not punched him, but he had also given a date idea.
“Around the same time, there were many cases of doppelgänger spotting.” Bobby said. “Double of a person. Plus, Kaspar’s schoolmaster had said that he was a ‘smart scheming codger, a rogue, a good-for-nothing that ought to be killed.’ There have been many theories about who this kid was. One being that Hauser was the lost hereditary prince of Baden, but DNA didn’t match. The other was that he had written the letters and had the Munchausen’s Syndrome. People who injure themselves for sympathy and attention. Another was that Hauser might be a shapeshifter. The doppelganger sightings increased after Hauser’s arrival. The ‘attacks’ on Hauser had happened only when people questioned whether he was a shapeshifter, like a distraction from the shapeshifter issue or something. There were also talks about how after Hauser’s burial, he was found roaming around 5 days later but people ignored it as an illusion as they didn’t see him again.”
“Why do you look like a monkey that ate sour grapes boy?” Bobby asked as Cas sat on his cycle near him.
“Bullying was what it was!” Angel defended. “And you have the audacity to lie to me? On top of lying in the police reports?”
“So, get this,” Sam slid the laptop towards Dean, “There was an attempt of robbery at the same time we were fighting. Guess where?”
“What about them?” Both Dean and Belphie asked, their protective instinct making it come out in a harsh tone.
“Congratulations, Castiel. You’ve got not one, but two beautiful boys.” Ruth said. “I’ll go clean them up, and you take rest. How you delivered without pain, without painkillers astonishes me.” She said, taking the two boys away. Castiel was surprised too. He had read how many women and few men talked about pregnancy being painful. Only 3 out of 100 people said that pregnancy wasn’t that painful. A while later, he saw his boys. One that had a blue-right eye and a green-left eye, while the other had a indescribable eyes accompanied with freckles on his face. Jack and Belphegor.
Sam’s phone pinged, notifying him about an email. Sam checked it to be from the wedding planner, with the subject ‘STRIPPER!’. Sam immediately knew that Gabe had sent the email. He opened the phone to check her out. It was loading and then the photo popped up.
It was around 4 am when Bobby heard the Bat Signal go off. Turns out there had been sightings of Hook Man in a small college town in Iowa. Bobby started his research and found out Hook Man is a vengeful spirit who kills his victims with a shiny hook that serves as his hand. After much more research, Bobby was convinced that it’s the ghost of Jacob Karns. With this done, Bobby prepared breakfast for the two. Dean and Sam came out of their rooms and had breakfast while Bobby told the two about the fight they might be having.
“Let’s get going.” Dean said to Cas as the Impala roared to life. They entered the bunker and retold what happened to Sam and called it a night and went to sleep.
It was the first day of school and Sam was excited, yet exhausted. He is one of the few kids that is excited to go to school for learning something new, and not to meet with friends. Sam Winchester is 16 years old, a junior in high school. Unlike his brother, Sam is more into academic clubs and is the leader of the Mathletes club. He too is popular amongst the girls and guys in his school. Though his brother is infuriating, he loves him. Sam shares his brother’s kind, intelligent, and independent qualities. While Dean first shoots then consoles, Sam is much more empathetic. He doesn’t go to jibe at people first, rather understands how they are feeling. But there are times, even after numerous consolations, Sam loses his cool. And it’s mostly because of Becky Rosen, his classmate. She is too obsessed with him that she writes stories about the two together. He has repeatedly told Becky that he isn’t interested in her and yet she continues to do that. What even annoys Sam is that she also loves the Psychic a lot and writes fiction about the Psychic and her (even a threesome with Sam) being together in biblical sense. Little does she know, the two men she writes fanfiction about are actually the same.
A few pages later, “Claire is not happy here in Pontiac, Illinois. She hasn’t told me anything, but I can feel it. Since our parents’ death, Claire walks into their rooms and sits there, longingly. Maybe I should move to a different place. A kid as daring as her should live in a place where there is adventure. I am thinking Cali. For its beach. She loves Lilo and Stitch. Maybe she will enjoy surfing.” … “Claire loves it here. It’s been two days but I can see changes in her behaviour. She talks spiritedly with the boy near us, Clark. I like it here too. The only person I have met is Richard Baker, the father of Clark. He is a nice man. We are thinking of going for fishing tomorrow. Maybe we’ll further our friendship. Who knows?”
Dean sat up. “Nope. It’s a free period.” He turned a crooked smile and an air of charm around him as he said. “Hope you are genuinely tryna help me, and not steal my jacket and sell it to Becky.” He winked. “Perks of having fans.” He stretched.
“Why is she the way she is?” Sam turned a disgruntled face at Dean who just shrugged and entered the room. “How was the first day teaching?” Dean told whatever he told Charlie, and Jess had joined the conversation halfway.
Eileen and Sam looked at each other, telepathically asking if they could be a pair, and consequently agreeing. Garth and Dean were about to team up when a girl tapped Garth’s back. Garth turned to find a cute short-haired blonde with eyes in a white floral sweater dress. “Hi!”
“Papa, are you alright?” Castiel opened his eyes to two concerned-filled faces. Belphie still had his sunglasses on, so it was hard to say, but Jack’s heterochromatic blue-green eyes were staring at Castiel through the window, concern and worry laced. Castiel smiled and unlocked the cars, and the two got in.
“Oh no that’s very difficult. That’s not possible. First you have to get the principal’s permission. Then you have to get the signature of your parents.” Bobby said with flatly.
“You know… there is a way you can retain your memory even when it gets erased.” Bobby informed. “Go to bed. You’ve got school tomorrow.”
“Well, then, why'd you steal bread and peanut butter?” At that, Dean halted. He shrugged and then asked.
When Cas drowned in that public water supply, leaving his trench coat, Dean lost it. That stupid, dumb child. Why couldn’t he trust Dean? This is what happened to all the people he cared for. At the end, they die because of him. Cas had yet to abandon him. He left several times, but he always came back. Dean loved that deep raspy voice calls out his name. Dean loved the way his angel couldn’t understand his references. Dean loved how innocent Cas was, yet be a BAMF when he wanted to be. Dean loves Cas. Dean was in love with everything that was Cas. Dean finally admitted it to himself. He was in love with his Cas.
“I think we should go back and tell the other two about this.” Castielle said checking the time and noticing the sunset, colors shading the sky beautifully. The sky was setting down early these days, thus producing a really nice mix of blue, red, and yellow.
They woke up early, and spent time just talking with each other in the bed. While Dee was fiddling with the hem of Cas’ shirt, Cas played with her hair, twisting and twirling it around in his hands, admiring the sandy color of it. Then they both brushed their teeth and showered, simultaneously and separately, but couldn’t help but enjoy the domesticity of the situation. It was really nice to feel that.
“Kali?” Gabe called out as the bright light partially covered her, before shrinking in and disappearing.
To be honest, Sammy helped a lot in Deanna’s self-awareness to how beautiful Cas was. Deanna started with comparing Cas and Sammy. He loved both of them, but it was different. Deanna thought it was because Sammy was her own sister, while Cas wasn’t. But blood wasn’t a problem as Deanna was able to love Bobbie like his own mother. So, what was it with Cas?
“Yeah Dean. The baby’s fine. Mind telling me why you are still in your costume? How did the battle go?”
“Something is pushing back from the pendulum to locate your brother and that is time. According to my pendulum, your brother is not yet on Earth.” Rowena turned to Gabe and said. “Your brother is in a year different from us. He is in the future.”
“The past few weeks Batman has looked stressed. Sure, he makes us laugh like usual, but I noticed he is a little nervous about something. I asked Belphie and he said he too noticed him acting different than usual. He usually makes us laugh so me and Belphie thought we could make him laugh.”
The two were now sitting, Eileen in Sam’s lap as she grinded down on him as Sam caressed her curves. Eileen could taste iron. She was biting on her lips so hard from not making sounds, but she couldn’t. On a spur of a moment, she bit down on Sam’s shoulder, getting him to wince and pull back.
I could not figure out what was happening within me, but I was overflowing with happiness. My heart was jumping for joy, and my breath was shortened. After that I could never converse normally with Dean. I felt shy and awkward. The minute I saw him, I searched for a place to hide. Dean noticed it too, and worried why I was not being myself. Whenever he approached me, I ran. Finally, I was cornered by Charlie, Dean behind with a victorious smirk at having finally caught me, but his eyes full of worry and concern.
“1!” Cas leaned in and kissed Dean softly. He pulled back and smiled lovingly at Dean. “Happy new year, honeybee.”
“Batman needs Robin! He keeps Batman from not becoming a serial killer like Joker.” Jack said making Krissy gasp in outrage.
Dean didn’t know what possessed him to do so, but he swiftly got up from his chair and threw his leg over Cas’ thighs, ultimately straddling him. His hands were doing their own work, following the hard lines on Cas’ body, and Dean couldn’t stop from telling Cas’ name. He wanted something but couldn’t get it out. Cas’ hands were suddenly on his hips, grounding him, and making him gasp. Suddenly, there were lips on Dean’s. There was a fight for dominance, but Dean knew that Castiel had won. Cas’ hands were now one on Dean’s hip, and another in his hair. Dean was loving this feeling. He was elated. He was finally kissing Cas.
“Dean, DEAN, SLOW DOWN” Castielle yelled as the Impala drifted into a turn. The information that no one else except the four of them were present in the universe was a level-up for Dean’s reckless driving. He was belting out Ramble On, beating the steering wheel like a drum, not on tune though, and he had the audacity to close his eyes and get mesmerized by the music. “Dean, I swear on my Father, if I die because of you, I will haunt you for the rest of my life. Different universe or not.”
“And boy what was that with the food?” Bobby asked. “He told you how he started despising food and yet you force him to eat. You gave him pie, pizza, the burger you made! And he ate them all, to appease you.”
Hunter was shocked by two things. First, Angel kissed his hand always… not his cheek. And secondly, Dean?! How the hell-
“I know. But I enjoy making people uncomfortable.” Mildred winked, which surprised a laugh out of the Hunter.
They reached the Impala, set the chamber stove in the back seat, and Dean insisted he had to sit with the Bad Boy (yes, he named it, shut up) make sure his trip was ok to the bunker. Castiel let Castielle sit in shotgun and gave her a look, returning to the backseat. Castielle didn’t know what Cas was expecting her to do now, maybe this was a start? Dean was confused with why Castiel wasn’t jumping the opportunity to sit near Deanna, maybe he still needed to be thought the art of wooing? Who knows?
“SHHHHH!!!!” Cas hissed. He took Mary from Dean and tried to calm her down. “I didn’t know until later after that day. You know when you… yeah. It seems male pregnancy is really rare that not many know about it. And the guys who have it are taken to do research on. I have kept it a secret this whole time. No one knows, so be quiet!” Cas explained fast.
Quarantine got me writing fanfics, so you must no that I am not a writer. I wish I could draw though but I can't do that so you guys are stuck with reading this crap. I haven't tagged some things intentionally, and others have just slipped out of my brain. All I can say is there will be no gore stuff happening. Terrible smut but nothing violence.
“-Like that.” Ellen rubbed her forehead. “Alright boys. Get out and let this be the last time you show that you know people.” Ellen turned to Bobby and said, “It’s a good thing I met them first.”
“I am doing good Ro! Nice professionalism. You could be a bit more interested, to be honest.” Dean said smiling.
Cas looked around to find himself standing in a bald spot of the forest, alone. “Gabe?” It wasn’t night, like they were in, it was morning. He heard a cough and walked to it, finding Zar and Meg on the ground, their hands intertwined. “Zar! Meg!”
And so Belphie allowed Clark to spend time with Jack, by leaving them alone. It was March, before the mock-exams and yet Clark was walking on eggshells around Jack.
“Right. Right. You confessed your love and went to super hell for being horny. Totally different.” Jimmy said, getting a smack on his arm from Amelia.
The next day Gabe had shared what had happened last night in the basement with Nick and Adam, and those assholes said Cas was making up the story and was using his powers to manipulate Gabe’s memory. Gabe was annoyed when their dad also supported Nick and Adam’s claims, and acted as the victim. Cas was in his room… the basement, like always because he was banned from coming out. Gabe had tried to sneak him out many times, but Cas was always caught and punished, so Gabe stopped trying to get him out. Gabe was never punished because they assumed Cas had manipulated his memory. The same way he had supposedly manipulated mom’s memory.
“Wow! Gilda, I wanna have sex with Chastity. Those sharp jawbones, flexibili- ow!” Charlie shrieked as Gilda nudged her elbow into her ribs, glaring at her.
. Should get ready for the onslaugh- oof” Dean walked into Castielle, who was looking at the living room. Dean peeked above Cas’ shoulder to see what exactly stopped her from moving. He wished he hadn’t done that. On the couch was Deanna and Castiel, playing tonsil tennis. Cas’ hands had a firm hold of Deanna’s hips, while Deanna’s hands were everywhere on his angel, trying to scope out where to build an estate maybe, who the fuck knows.
“Every towns' got it's stories, right? Ours is Roosevelt Asylum. They say it's haunted with the ghosts of the patients. Spend the night, the spirits will drive you insane.” A girl’s voice came from behind them. The two spun around to find the girl.
Sam and Jess took Dean’s journal out and showed Meg. One was ‘Under the Sea.’ Teal and white colored calla lilies, a 3-layered circular cake decorated with shells, and seafood to finish the set. Second was ‘Pastel Summer.’ Coral and yellow colored peonies, a 3-layered rectangular shortcake filled with mango and strawberry, and grilled food. Third was ‘Lemon Fever.’ Teal and lime green balloons, a 3-layered circular lemon cake, and citrusy foods. Words in a bracket accompanied the theme
Both fell to their beds, one thought playing in their mind like a loop. It was too late, and they had lost their only chance for happiness in life, the only escape to their curse of abandonment.
It was the first day of school and Dean was not having it. Returning to school after summer break was something everyone loved. Meeting up with friends after a long time and having something to complain about was better than nothing. The first month is the honeymoon phase of summer vacations. It was relaxing and people went out for the holidays. But the second month is what got everyone. Housewives and househusbands want their peace back, kids and non-homeworkers want something to do. Basically, everyone was agitated. But not Dean.
Jack, Belphie, Adam, and Alfie had gone to Clark and Claire’s house. Jack like how the 4 had now become 7, and how Belphie was trying to be friends with Clark. He knows Belphie still doesn’t like Clark, but he is trying for Jack, and that makes Jack really happy. Before Alfie could knock, the door swung open to reveal Kaia.
Belphie shoved his hand to the front, “Hi! Name’s Belphegor. Call me Belphie. I live in La Honda, California. I like beautiful girls like yourself.”
“Ahem… yeah. It was when Bobby called me on Halloween, I realized.” Cas said. “Bobby was a Men of Letters, Dean was Hunter, and Sam was Psychic.” There was a lull in the conversation, Cas not knowing how to continue until Dean asked.
As you can see, I am ending the story in about 7 chapters. If you would like to check out my other stories:
, I will be in my room.” Elle said as she tried to control the pain in her chest. “Goodbye.” She said to the other two, with a nod, as she left for her room.
“Ya… I called them and they told me that they didn’t find any kid like that. So, I thought maybe he left or something.” Bobby shrugged. “Why do you ask?” Bobby asked.
“Nothing… just,” Sam couldn’t speak with Eileen standing in front of him in a tight Iron man costume that accentuated her curves. “Ahem… nice touch with the shoes.”
Dean looked at Cas and said, “I too wanna do that now.” Cas looked up as he felt eyes on him and locked a stare with Dean.
“Its fine. I wanna read it, but not alone. Can you guys, like, be here?” Claire asked embarrassed she needed support.
“NO!” Castiel got up, his chair falling to the floor with a thud. Castiel cleared his throat and then said, “No Jack, those dances are to be done by adults for other adults. Thank god you asked me.” Castiel was having palpitations right now.
But why was Castielle still having those fears. Being a human, didn’t she embrace her feeling? Or was this what Laura was talking about; same, yet different. So, this was what was different between him and her. While he had learned to embrace his feelings, and escape all his abandonment issues, Castielle hadn’t. Before he could tell Castielle to embrace herself, and not care about Father, Castiel noticed Deanna glaring at Dean. Dean was still staring at Castielle, who was now shuffling around and returning the books back to their place.
Another way our school was different was with how we were allowed to showcase our talents we wanted to. Like my photographs taken on school cameras were printed and stuck on the bulletin board, Charlie’s LARPING session ideas, heck even Gabe’s list of creative pranks were posted.
“Ugh, that kid!” Clarissa groaned. “Anyway, we found Gideon Loughlin in the woods nearby but before Kevin killed him, he hexed Kevin and now Kevin’s been forgetting things.”
“Psychic now!” Angel yelled, and Psychic came from the room in front of the couple and swayed his fingers to the front. Two wooden stakes flew from behind Psychic and pierced through the two pagan gods, and they fell to the ground.
Dean got up and walked towards the bounce house, his mind now not distant. He was hoping to see Cas again. Just to talk with him, spend time with him. He walked around the bounce house to find a man in a tan trench coat, with a suit on. He wasn’t able to see his face, as their back was facing him.
Kaia had joined Claire, Jack, Clark, and Belphie to Disney California Adventure Park. All the rides had two seats or four seats so Claire and Kaia, Jack and Clark, and Auntie Amelia and Auntie Christine had paired up, leaving Belphie to go on the rides alone. First, he was ok with it, but then it started to get boring. The 2 pairs of lovebirds were clinging onto each other and had forgotten about Belphie. Auntie Amelia and Auntie Christine were talking with him, but it wasn’t like talking with the other four. He was bored to say the least.
It was a good thing that Bobby and Ellen had come. Dean said he would take care of Mary, while Jess and Sam took care of their wedding plans. After 2 weeks of observation and returning to normal life, Jess and Sam went to the wedding planners. It seems they had already made accommodations for the baby and had gotten the clothes from the shop. Jess tried her dress on, and like Meg had said, the free size actually fit her nicely.
“That Sam is Psychic. Or I am a Warrior. I expected a bigger reaction.” Eileen said. “I am sure Hunter would shit his pants.”
Unlike Zar, who pitied him, Meg understood him. Her fiancé Crowley had died in a car accident, and she had been totally enamored by him. His mother, Rowena, had yelled at Meg, saying she was cursed, and she should never think of being in a relationship again. In a time of loss, she took the hurtful words to heart. It had taken time for her to realize there was nothing wrong with her. Sure, Crowley would always be a part of her life, but she was ready to move on.
Dean didn’t know who the twin’s father was, but he admired him now. He had brought up two awesome sons and had helped a child who he didn’t know. He felt silly for saying this, but Dean thought he might be developing a crush on the twins’ father, even without meeting him.
“The first time they buy it, I use a spell of my own devise to make the hex bags work as a trial. People wish on it and get a one-week trial. Then the next time they come, I sell it for a higher price, and these ordinary humans are so desperate they buy it. Thinking they can wish back their money. Little do they know; second time is when I play my true cards. It is fun seeing people think they have fooled me when I actually have the upper hand. Oh, the great excitement.” Mabel cackled.
“Okay then, Balthy.” Meg said as she raised her hand and rested it on Balthazar’s neck, whose hand came up to sit on her waist.
“He didn’t tell it to me per say. I heard him yell it out and bolting out of our usual meeting place during recess. But I don’t even know why he would hate me. Like I didn’t do anything wrong. We have been friends for almost 2 months and all this time he has just hated me. Our conversations were awkward, but I thought it was because… never mind…”
Cas loved spending time with Dean. Loki and Rowena had teased him saying he should maybe move into the bunker and stitch himself to Dean. He loved being the centre of Dean’s affection. It was cute when Dean was overprotective. Cas wasn’t experienced in anything and Dean helped him through it a lot. Dean had taken him to a bee farm for their first date and had made a bed out of the backseat of the Impala, in which the two spent the day eating candy from Halloween and snacks Dean had got. Loki had noticed Cas eating a little and he was happy. He shared it with Cas who then realized that he had actually started to enjoy food. It was all because of Dean.
"I believe Arabiata is a more common and universally liked pasta so I brought some tomatoes too." Gabe said casually, him and Charlie sharing they got ingredients as if it would have been stupid if they didn’t.
“You know, if we, uh…” Dean started, gesturing to the figurines that represented the Followers of Moon, “move the archers back and the broad swordsmen to the west…” Dean trailed off.
“DEAN!” Sam yelled as he saw him come back. “Don’t you ever vanish on me like that again.” He walked towards Dean and saw his confused face. “Dean?”
“BULLSHIT! Tell. Me. Why. You. Yelled. At. Me.” Krissy punctuated each word with a stride reaching Belphie. “Sure, you are this awesome guy who cares about people, but you don’t go making everyone your sibling. Why did you yell at me even when Dean told you it was enough? What got you so mad about me liking someo-”
The three nod and start to their rooms. The men then realize that maybe their clothes might be missing when woman-Cas starts, “I checked and it seems all our clothes are here, so we could go change?” She asks with the head tilt that Dean is used to and associates with his Cas. Not like his ‘his’ Cas, like his Cas – the male Cas. Dean then realizes that those wide big blue eyes are directed towards the other twin blue eyes, who nods his affirmation and goes into his – well woman Cas’ room.
Cas turned as he was speaking, only to be startled by Dean, who was an inch away from him. He was about to fall on the bed when Dean caught him.
“Shhhh! Act normal. Don’t talk to me. Turn around, I’ll tell you.” The girl. Belphie turned front, trying to act normal. He didn’t know how to, now that he was told to do so. “My name’s Krissy, Krissy Chambers. I sneaked into the park.”
"Oh Gabe." Sam said in a pleading tone as he wrapped his arms around his mate's body. "I am so sorry." He whispered. "I am so sorry."
Dean and Cas had entered the house to find Jess, Jack, and Mary on top of Sam while Krissy and Belphie were lying on the lawn near each other, giggling and pecking each other’s lip, with a giant banana under them.
Sam and Cas turned to find a sleek, classy, extremely good-looking young woman in a black dress coming down a spiral staircase. They both stared at her as she turned her back while taking the final part of the stairs. Sam turns back to look at the painting again and Cas stared at the painting, trying to understand how it came back here.
“You don’t remember?” Sam asked then repeated it as a statement. “You don’t remember.” Sam understood now. Angel had erased Dean’s memory of Cas. Moreover, manipulated Dean into believing that the two were boyfriends and making him act like a teen girl in love. Sam was fuming but wasn’t able to understand what Angel’s motive was. Was he, maybe, getting corrupted by power? Like the other Fighters?
“Clarissa McElroy.” Rowena said as she got up. “A Woman of Letters I worked with to create a spell that would let monsters out of Fighters radar. We devised a spell that would help the good ones be in peace and not get killed by other monsters and Fighters.”
“Every time Krissy asks about it, Belphie shrugged and went out of the room. This time Krissy got annoyed and started chasing him around.” Jack explained nonchalantly as he cherished his nougat.
Loki got up from his chair and spread his hands. “Name’s Gabriel.” He said. “My brothers are Michael, Lucifer, and Castiel.”
“Mildred.” Hunter repeated. “I am a Fighter and I would advise you to go back to your room. There is a Ba-”
"WOAH Calm down Betty!!!" Ash jumped off the couch, raising his hand in a surrender motion. Jo faltered in her steps as she heard the nickname.
Dean’s face turned soft as he accepted to sing. As he went to get his guitar, Cas brightened and turned to Gabe. “Gabe! Gabe! Gabe! Gabe!” He whisper-called. Gabe turned to him, raising his eyebrow, asking what Cas wanted. “Falling in Love! Elvis!” Gabe’s face turned sour, but Cas didn’t relent. “Please please please ask him!”
Near the fence of the castle grounds was a man. Dark hair, lithe build, shorter than Dean. Walking towards them, Bobby deduced 2 more information. The man was indeed an omega and familiar blue eyes.
“Turns out the spirit wanted a friend.” Cas said. “He had been alone the whole time and me being the first human interaction he had in a long time, wanted to savor it.”
“Ahem…” Dean cleared his throat getting Cas’ attention, but not the dude who was still holding Cas’ wrists. “Hey Cas! Who’s this?” Dean asked with a fake happy tone.
“He was in a rush.” Bobby said as he came to Sam’s room with some drinks. “When do you need to be home by Eileen.”
“The pilot and co-pilot actually gave description of the person who helped, and it sounded like you two. They said you two came in, Psychic smote, and you two left. Angel might have made them think it was you two that helped. Same as what he had done with the vampire nest. He came in, smote them, and left. The same M.O.” Bobby said.
“Dearly beloved. I stole this speech from my first marriage so bear with me if it’s old fashioned.” Bobby grumbled as everyone laughed. With Cas’ situation, Dean had asked, more like harassed, Bobby to officiate their marriage. Bobby, first reluctant, gave in and got one of those online certificates. Cas had wanted a boathouse marriage, which Dean was okay with. They had more privacy because of it being in the middle of the water. “They have spent only a year together in a span of 11 years. But the love they share is more profound than anyone I know.”
“Well, hanging out with Clark, I think I am okay with him liking Jack. Like ‘like’ like Jack. I am okay with that.”
“Jo… I think you need to help Sam.” Benny said as he helped Bobby. Benny understood why Bobby had said it now.
“What?! I can’t believe he did that.” Dean exclaimed. It was Hunter and Psychic’s job to do the work.
“A ya gohha huw ay ii?” Cas asked, his mouth stuffed with a PB&J. From where he got it? Dean didn’t know.
“Horror?” Deanna asked getting Cas out of his thoughts. Dee hated how angry Ca- Elle sounded before leaving. She needed a distraction and hunting was the best. But they themselves were victims in a stupid hunt, so she went for the second-best option, horror movies. She loved horror movies. During a hunt, she had to be brave, protect Sammy, and gank the sons of bitches. But while watching a movie, she was able to let herself vulnerable, and loose herself in the movie. She didn’t have to care about killing them, she just had to sit and watch the movie, jump or scream whenever scared her, and let her guards down.
“I am Psychic.” Psychic said as he came to the front. “I don’t what else to say except I am really happy and am looking forward to getting to know you all.”
“Our kingdom has had a lot of bad luck lately. A month ago, one of our men had both their ankles broken before the battle by the Shadow Orc’s powerful magic. Before that, three people had been sent to our healers due to death-worthy accidents. But above all these, we have been struck by the worst kind of bad luck ever to exist in humankind. Time has come today! For us, the Followers of the Moon are now a victim of… Betrayal.” There was a collection of gasps and curses around the room. “Boltar the Furious has outed our battle strategy to the Shadow Orcs, in return for dark magic. After brutal investigation by Sir Fitzegerald the Forth, we were able to understand that Boltar the Furious had had intentions to use the acquired magic to become the King of Moondor, and work by my side. He has been banished from our kingdom. Moondor doesn’t tolerate betrayers. Nevertheless, our tactics have been exposed, thus we shall come up with new ones.”
At a time of despair, loneliness, and sorrow, Castiel believed his mom’s letter will somehow bring light into this darkness. He quickly opened it and read.
“I told you Grace Emma Campbell is onboard!” Dean said as he hugged Cas, while the twins groaned. “What’s wrong?”
“Fine,” Rowena groaned, “But know this, I will be in our room,” She said walking backwards to their room, “Wearing only this.” She said dropping her robe down and holding up her finger to show the ring, the only part that was covered.
The two left in Baby to the hotel, this time Dean driving. Cas had sat in the backseat, doing something, while Dean rode through the roads.
“Yes! Bucky!” Loki said. “God the way I met him.” Loki recalled what had happened as the three walked towards the car. Loki ended the recount as they reached home. “The way he was lying on the table, I thought something had happened to him, like Kali.” He breathed out. “I am happy you are here.” They settled in the couch.
“Have you calmed down?” Deanna nodded, “I believe the green shirt with the jeans suits you. Is that ok?” A nod, “Are you going to say something?” Cas asked, chuckling. Deanna grinned mischievously, shaking her head no. “Then?” Castiel asked, genuinely confused. Deanna just smiled coyly at Cas, not uttering a word, maintaining eye contact as she picked up her clothes and walked into the walk-in closet. Cas didn’t know what happened, but he knew he was excited… for something. He was really confused.
“We both were in middle school. We had seen each other in the hallways but hadn’t talked with one another. It was the end of middle school when I noticed Jimmy was my neighbor. I had gone to get my mail when I saw an envelope addressed to Mr. Novak. I walked across the street and rang the bell, only to be attacked to the floor by Jimmy yelling, ‘I got you now, stupid bell-ringer!’” Castiel snorted, trying to control his laugh. The kids had joined the conversation in between and had been listening to what Amelia was saying. “I was horrified by the ambush. Jimmy got off me, and I slapped him. I told him I was not stupid nor was I bell-ringer. I threw the envelope at his face and ran away. Few moments later, Jimmy came to my house and explained how for the past few days someone has been pranking him by ringing the bell. We called a truce and started hanging out. By the end of middle school, we started dating and our parents knew we were it for each other. After talking with our parents, we had Claire. We knew it was soon, and we hadn’t finished high school yet, but our parents were ok with it, so we had Claire. The two of us went to college, while Claire was coddled by her grandparents. When she turned 7, my parents said that they were sick. Turns out they had cancer. I don’t know what life was playing at because Mr. and Mrs. Novak had also gotten sick due to brain tumor. They all died around the same time, when Claire was 8. After that Claire wasn’t happy in Pontiac. She was always sad and tried to not talk with anyone. When she turned 12, we decided we will shift to somewhere different, and that’s why we came here to La Honda, California. Jimmy had met only with Richard out of the whole town. They went fishing and you know the rest.” Amelia ended, combing Claire's hair with a wistful smile.
Dean nodded, not able to speak as he blushed red. He suddenly registered a pair of lips on his cheek, and warmth radiating from his side. Dean felt the warmth move away, and focused on Cas, who fluttered his eyes open. The azure eyes focused on his own green ones as he said, “Let’s go to the grounds and show off!” Cas held Dean arm in arm, who was holding the trophy in the other hand. The two walked the grounds as others focused on their hunt, not acknowledging Dean and Cas had the trophy.
After an hour’s ride, Jody and Donna reached their destination. Donna got out first while Jody switched off the ignition and got out locking the car. “Kid’s still out like a light.” Donna said.
Castiel took the twins back home. The drive was chatter about how happy Ya Boii Batman was due to their surprise, which made Castiel happy, and how nice Castiel had looked like a girl, which made Castiel blush.
“Maybe Mabel and Imabel tried to make us relieve what the couple did, ‘the opposite day’, and it clashed thus making us stuck with each other but in an alternate reality. Alternate to both of us and both of you. A third universe, per say.” Castielle responded, making it clear for the two blondes.
Cas yelled as he stumbled back, Jody and Donna raising their guns, pointing it at Loki. Charlie, Garth, Jo, Bess, Sam, and Eileen got off Dean by then, releasing Dean.
The drive back, Dean sat with Cas in the backseat, willingly, which shocked everyone, but the lovebirds understood and sat in front, watching the two from the rear-view mirror. Deanna and Castielle had recently discovered that they were able to communicate telepathically. Maybe their kiss and repeated confession of love might have done this.
Jacob was still standing near the basketball hoops. Eliot was leaning into the kiss too, but then he said Krissy’s name and then bolted out of there, not heeding to Jacob’s shouts. Had he done something wrong? Did Krissy do something? Questions filled his head. How long he stood there contemplating, he didn’t know. What he did know was moments later, someone was yelling his name, and it wasn’t his parents.
“Hiya!” She said, and it was clear she had unbuttoned her shirt a little. “So, what’s your name?” She asked twirling her hair.
“See this is what I am saying.” Zar said. “You fucking ravished us both, seconds ago, and now you are blushing like a virgin.” Meg nudged Zar with her elbow as she sniggered silently, while Cas glared at the two.
“Something’s tangled in my arm… ugh.” Daphne moaned as she pulled her hand down, successfully whipping the string off her arm, and lighting up the room.
“Hey,” Castiel started in a soft voice as he moved to Deanna, which caught Dean’s attention, “What’s wrong?” Cas’ hands moved to Deanna’s hip like a magnet, which caught Dean’s complete attention now.
“Are you serious?” Cas asked with a confused look, which Hannah thought looked like a disgruntled kitten.
“You saw how the gang talks about Dean and Cas. Imagine if they find about us.” Dean subtly creeped further inside Sam’s room. One thing about his brother that Dean couldn’t understand was how he was such an idiotic genius. Sam always did crap with his door wide open, thinking that him being inside his room granted him all the privacy he needed.
“Ok, don’t punch me. But at least slap me.” Sam pleaded. “Do something so that I don’t feel guilty anymore.”
“Yes. That would be… preferred.” Castiel finished. He stared at Dean for a while, pinning Dean to where he was with those eyes, then nodded and left. It took the second bell that notified the start of class to get Dean to move.
"Fear not amiga!" Meg flinched and closed her eyes, pinching the bridge of her nose,  as a familiar voice filled the hallways. "Your savior is here!"
“Yeah Cassie. Just us.” Loki repeated, holding Cas tightly. Loki pulled back and wiped Cas’ cheeks from tears.
“Hi!”, a woman exclaimed, “you must be from the website ‘Unexplainable Lebanon’ here for the interview, right?”
“Will do Sammy. As a big brother, I will help and also talk with Charlie about it. Will never miss to get photographic evidence of you dressed as a ring.” Dean laughed, “But seriously, I am proud of you Sammy. Come here.” Dean enveloped Sam in another bear hug.
“Yes!” Sam exclaimed, elated that they were going to happy. “Yes.” Jess sighed a watery smile; they were getting married.
“I first saw you as Hunter…” Cas trailed off. It was clear his attention was somewhere else now. “Ahem,” Cas cleared his throat then continued, “I actually liked you as Dean too. But I first saw Hunter… so my thoughts were mostly on him.”
It was the third day of Fall break, the day of the one-sided date. Adam wore his best shirt and jeans, packed drinks, sheets, and some card games. It was 90 minutes into the ‘date’ and Alfie was still considering it as a friendly picnic. Adam had done everything, touching more than necessary, and even said the works ‘I like you.’
The next 2 days Dean sat near Cas, trying to see what ticks Cas. On Wednesday he spent the whole lunch pressing his leg to Cas’, reveling in the warmth while Cas spent writing in papers and signing with Eileen. He always wrote on loose paper, no notebooks.
“What he is trying to say is,” Charlie somehow materialized beside Dean, “that you are our friend from now on. Hi! I am Charlie!”
Cas was staring out of the window, looking at the clouds moving, the moon glimmering, and the trees rustling, when he saw someone appear in a distance suddenly. The way they walked was familiar. The moon shone on them and Cas recognized them. He ran to Gabe’s room and found Kali wrapping her hand over Gabe, who cuddled beneath her.
“Cool. If you want to meet before that or talk with us, you are always welcome to call us. We also have a Skype ID if a virtual meeting would be better than a call.” Meg informed the couple.
“Bobby.” Sam said. “It’s Dean… or Hunter. He says Angel is alive and vanished.” Sam sighed. “Most likely to see him.”
Both Dean and Cas shouted each other’s name as they let themselves go. Cas fell to Dean’s side, as Dean turned to Cas. “That was… awesome, Cas.”
“Hu-” Belphie couldn’t finish as he felt someone turn him around and kiss him soundly on the lips, and free him. He stood there wide eyed, in front of Krissy, whose eyes were now slowly widening as if she had realized what she had just done.
Psychic wanted to throttle her. He would have finished the work, but she had to showcase her talent now. “Alright.” He sighed defeated. “Go inside the circle now. Next time… let me do the work.” Psychic said as the three sat in the salt circle.
“He was talking about how he wanted to avoid Krissy from knowing he liked her because she would say ok only to make him happy. And that she would be feel obligated to reciprocate his feeling. Why? What did Krissy say?”
“The Shadow Orcs have been planting invisible cannons, controlled by their magic, in our ally island. The forests at the near border of the Elven Islands with us have been implanted with 3 canons. The Shadow Orcs have successfully annexed the Yesteryear territory, annihilating the Warriors, and the Orc army has been practicing their scheme.”
“Castiel.” He replied with a handshake. “But you can call me Cas. I liked that nickname.” Cas shrugged, not noticing how Hunter was beaming with happiness.
Dean started working jobs around, not caring that much about school, and saved money, knowing how much Sam wanted to go to Stanford to do Law. Dean knew that Sam was gonna make the run, a week before Sam himself knew. Dean had bought a phone, laptop, and a stupid FitBit that Sam always wanted, and stuffed it in the bag Sam packed his clothes in, the day before the run. He also stuffed the rest of the money, and card of the savings account, with a note that said ‘Good luck, bitch. -D”.
Charlie couldn’t understand why I was so fascinated by Dean that I fainted. Dean couldn’t understand what he had done for someone to be so madly in love with him! But I, Castiel, had no such confusion, even in that exhausted state. My focus was solely always on Dean.
“It’s basically an air-clone. You can’t catch me as an illusion, silly. I am like the wind.” Mabel said proudly. These humans can’t get her. She has outsmarted them, and now they are going to suffer.
“Well, I hope that was ample time to partner up. Students without partners pair up because we are starting in…” He gave time for the rest of the students to partner up, “5… 4… 3… 2… 1! GO!” He said, as the teachers near the school doors opened it. Everyone rushed to find clues or anything.
Cas looked through the rear-view mirror to find Dean staring a Cas with a feral look, who was oblivious to what was happening, and was staring at the trees passing by them.
“I’ll go too, its been a while since I saw Baby. Let’s go Cas, uh… Elle, whatever.” He muttered as he passed Castielle, not waiting for the other two’s response. He didn’t want to stay in the bunker alone with the two making googly eyes at one another, and their stupid giggling. It is annoying.
“Good one!” Charlie said, wiping a tear out of her eyes. The bell rang and everyone left for their class.
Overall, the wedding was over, and with the final packing and clearing up, Cas, Balth, and Gabe were on the road by 7 pm. Castiel was riding the car, Balth in shotgun, and Gabe sprawled in the backseat. Gabe was whisper yelling Ba Ba Black Sheep, and Balth was painting his iPhone case, bobbing his head to Gabe’s singing. Where Balth got paint from, Castiel didn’t know. The two suddenly stopped what they were doing and checked their phones.
“It is Halloween month Red.” Loki said, escaping Rowena’s insistent lips. “Believe me when I say I would love to stay here with you for the next 31 days, but I have to get to the store.”
The class talked with each other, in groups and in pairs, but Dean and Cas never got a chance to talk with each other. Sam, Gabe, and Charlie noticed the longing looks shared between the two but pretended to not see as they didn’t know what they could do. Sam didn’t want to accept it but the way they looked at each other was mixed with heat, desire, and loneliness… he was scared of what was going to happen.
A car headlight shone through the forest and Dean’s eyes flared. Psychic understood then. “You are not Dean.”
“Love you too, angel.” The two said simultaneously as they closed their eyes. Cas, he raised his hand to their heads and closed his eyes, sending a wave of energy, flinching as he felt it leave him. He heard Zar and Meg take a sharp inhale and felt them move up under his hand. He cried as he felt them drop down to the ground with a thud.
“Hi Bobby.” Eileen said extending her hand and getting a handshake. “We heard you curse when we came in. Anything we could help with?”
“Huh… ahem… yeah. Ok, let’s leave. Bye and stay safe.” Hunter said as he placed his hand on Psychic’s shoulder.
"I found out I was neither a Beta, Alpha, nor Omega. I was nothing. And why would you want to have a nothing as your son?" Ash mustered up all his confidence and looked at Ellen, straight in the eye as he said, "So I left. How could I be a warrior when I wasn't so sure about who I am? How could I have be a good brother for Betty when I didn't know who I was? How could I have been a good son when I didn't know who I was?" Ash turned to meet Jo's eyes. "So I left. Ran to be someone better before I came to meet you all. Ran to M.I.T and was about to pass when I couldn't figure out what I was doing there. So I ran from M.I.T, did random shit to figure out who I was, until I just stopped. I gave up. I started a diner, trying to cook Ma's burger, and had it as my cave of solitude." Ash sighed and added quickly, "Of course until Meg somehow stumbled into the diner and just started threatening me to give her money when I pulled a whammy on her and threatened her to leave. But that's a whole nother story."
“Hi Gabe. We wanted to talk about the strippers for the bachelor party. Is there a possibility that you have a female stripper? We thought it would be fun having both you and a female.”
Sam decided to end this whole tension crap between him and Dean. He dashed to the Impala after school and found Dean in the driver seat. He opened Dean’s side of the door, pushed Dean to the other side and took the driver seat.
“I burned it and went to the museum that auctioned this painting to see whether there were other cursed items, only to find this reappear there.” Cas said, frustratedly pointing to the painting. “I came here as soon as possible. I have to check the museum still.”
“If I may,” Angel said as he placed his fingers on Lucas’ forehead. After a beat or two, Lucas spluttered out water and coughed, as he sat up. Hunter and Psychic were about to leave, knowing the case was done but Angel moved towards the sheriff, and grabbed him by his shirt. “The bike, where is it?”
Now Jack was confused. “Then why did you bring me here?” Clark was saved from replying when the staff called the two for the tour. They entered the room and sat on the car, which started moving. Jack was distracted by the sea creatures. He pointed at each one, getting Clark’s attention, and telling him about them. For some of them, Jack played the audio information and oohed at it.
School had ended and everyone was now in the school auditorium, waiting for the auction to begin. Dean was a little self-conscious but decided to ignore it. The plan was Garth would play the songs selected for each person, while a small amount of information was read about them like their names, class and favorite hobbies as they took off their jersey, leaving them bare chested, wearing only their shorts and do their thing. Dean had gone around to just talk with people who came and ask how they were doing.
“I don’t mind either… it’s not like this is going to be the first time we are kissing or anything.” She shrugged.
Dean woke up and got ready for today. Even in his sleep he couldn’t stop hogging Cas. He dreamt of having Cas wrapped in his arms and his smell all over him. It made it even more hard what Dean was going to do. Ugh he hated this! But it had to be done. He can’t bring down and smother Cas anymore. He went down to find Bobby and Sam in the kitchen.
“You did what??” Belphie had just returned from the market with the thing’s papa had told him to buy. As soon as he came in, papa and Jack had dragged him to his room, telling him that Jack had pretended to be him and asked Krissy out, on his behalf. And that she had said she didn’t like him that way.
“Well, brother. Two more classes and we got ourselves a show to perform.” Benny said changing his clothes.
Christmas was fun and enjoyable. The kids were doing their own business while Amelia and Christine got to know more about Castiel, and vice versa. They had met up again during New Years, this time Castiel had brought Meg, Balth, and Gabe with him. They all had a great time and made it a thing to meet up on a Sunday, at least once a month. Castiel was enjoying spending time with family. Sure, he had Sonny, has Meg, Balth, Gabe, and his sons, but knowing there is someone else to call for occasions made Castiel feel nice.
“Bobby, imma put you on speaker, Sam’s here.” Dean put the phone on speaker and Bobby repeated what he had said.
“Why did he lie to me papa? Was I not a good brother?” Castiel’s heart broke hearing Belphie cry. He grabbed his keys and started towards the car.
“What is the experiment?” Cas asked. He disregarded how Dick knew about him. Early on he had realized Leviathans were smart. Really smart and they could do great works if they weren’t evil.
“We used to know this girl. Kelly. The twins are hers, but she ran away with Nick, a dude we knew. We don’t where they are now. Cas now takes care of them.”
“If you don’t mind,” Cas said as he put his hand out. After Charlie’s nod, Cas shifted the gun holster on her hip, “Better.” Cas smiled.
Gabe had teleported them all to the lobby of a lodge. Being a known Fighter, he had sent Kali and Zar to get a suite. The only suite available was one with 2 rooms and so they got that and settled in. Cas had no other clothes except his dress robes, so Gabe had said they’d go shopping tomorrow, for all three of them. They were all giddy that they were starting freshly. Cas was going to see the world for the first time, tomorrow. While others slept, Cas stayed in the living room, giddy for tomorrow.
time I had hit him up, he said he will come and hit me.” Sam sighed. “Looks like he is stuck in a meeting.”
“Dean! This is Eileen Leahy. The new girl to my class. She was speaking in sign language. She is deaf.” Sam informed with his Bitchface #394.
“Hi Lydia. My date and I will take a while to decide.” Dean said taking the menu from her, subtly letting her know that he was on a date.
“Am I ready?” Sam said as he turned to Psychic. “As always.” He then turned to Dean. “Transform Dean. Let’s leave as soon as possible.” Dean confusedly stared at Psychic before changing. Psychic quickly dragged Hunter’s left hand and placed it on his shoulder. “TELEPORT!”
“No. You and him, I won’t take it anymore. First, it was just the flirty giggles and hushed whispers, and that stupid kiss on the cheek. Then the stupid nicknames.
“I agree with Sam, boy.” Bobby chimed in. Dean looked at Bobby with a hurt look. “I am sorry, but it’s true.” Bobby said. “Not only do you hog his time, you don’t let the boy do what he wants to.”
Cas seriously didn’t understand what was going on, and why a diner’s kitchen was important, but if it made Deanna this excited, he wasn’t going to say anything. It was entertaining, watching Dee run around the room like a headless chicken. It was endearing, sure, but if he left her run like this, he was pretty sure, she was going to get dizzy, and not get ready for whatever she is jumping up and down for. His hands have been working on their own accord for the past few days, always attracted to Deanna’s hips like a moth to a flame. They were doing exactly that right now.
That went awesome. Clark didn’t do anything, but still, awesome. He shot a quick text of thanks to Claire and went to his class. Things were looking up to be good.
“We were talking about Captain America: Winter Soldier during History class.” Garth informed. “If we were to do an Avengers cosplay, who would be who? The OG Avengers.”
“Central heterochromia. Kids used to call me a demon for having these eyes. Papa told me they were beautiful and made me look angelic, but I wasn’t ready to show everyone my eyes. Jack had punched a kid, you know, for calling me a monster. And I didn’t want Jack to get in trouble, so I started wearing these sunglasses. People say only douchebags and blind people were sunglasses indoor, but I don’t care. It’s better than getting Jack in trouble.” Belphie shrugged.
Jo and Jess’ cousins had come one week before the wedding to meet Mary and help with anything they needed. Jess’ cousins had gotten rooms in a hotel, while Jo hogged the couch.
Jack was having the best time. They had won a free pass to the Submarine Tour. Sure, it’s not a real submarine, but it was awesome. Jack knows everything about the tour. They will have to sit in an automated car that drives around the aquarium’s glass tunnels. The car has a touch screen that displays information about the creature they are seeing. You can either press audio for the car to speak out the information, or you can read it from the screen. The tunnels are sectioned into different species, and away from their predators. The tour takes them all around the aquarium, they were not gonna miss anything. It was going to be awesome.
"A kidnapped prince, if I may amend." Cas said before his mind supplied an information. "An Alpha female and an unpresented daughter." He said in an almost inaudible voice. "Are you somehow related to Jimmy Novak?"
“I don’t believe it. They look so real.” Belphie said as he raised his finger to poke his papa’s chest, when the door opened to show Jack and Clark.
It was when Cas was 22 (6 in reality) he came back to the states. Dean had proposed to Cas in the airport, not being able to wait for the plans he had for the evening. Cas had said yes, and the two had been so elated that they spent the next 3 weeks in their room. Dean had finished his bachelor’s and had landed a good paying job in Rolls Royce due to his achievement in the last year’s project design.
“Yeah. I want to help him. He looked like a lost puppy and spoke real formally. Maybe he was homeschooled as he said he was but also abused at the same time.” Sam shrugged.
It was 3:20 pm meaning Castiel had to get the boys from school and come back to the office. Becky Rosen was a sweet girl, but she could sometimes be so annoying. Becky Rosen had a whole binder full of wishes and when she tried to explain what she wanted, she contradicted herself and ended up getting Castiel more confused than he was before. She had everything noted down. The budget, cost of the things she wanted, and from where she wanted, and how the colors should match, etc. Castiel had once suggested that maybe getting a wedding contractor would be better for the couple as they already had everything ready, but Becky had thrown a huge fit saying she wanted the best to plan her wedding. Castiel was shocked and stunned by Becky’s tantrum that it took Meg to come and shake him to get Castiel to move out of the visitors’ section of the agency.
“Please don’t tell them.” Cas begged the others, who nodded with understanding. “I’ll call the kids now.” Cas stood to go get the kids from the room.
“Why don’t you relax. I will get you some water and you can tell me what happened.” Belphie nodded and after drinking water, he told Castiel how he had told Jack not to talk with Clark because he knew what Clark does; date everyone. He told Castiel how he was with Jack every waking second, to not have Clark come near him, and about how Clark had acted when Jack got his cavities. And since then Clark stopped staring at Jack and Belphie started hanging out with Claire and Kaia. Little did he know that Claire and Kaia hung out with him because they were trying to divert him from finding out that Jack and Clark were hanging out. Castiel knew that Belphie felt betrayed and hurt that Jack had gone against his wish and kept it a secret from him. But he could understand why Jack had done what he had done.
“You got salt?” Angel asked. Hunter was about to throw the salt to Angel when he is thrown to the site.
“Whaaat?” Dean whined. “Didn’t we have our chick flick moment. I gave you the alternative for a punch.”
After a round of goodbyes, they left the store. “Andrea and I are leaving. Bye.” Benny said as they left.
And the last theme was ‘Baby Shower.’ Pale peach and gold balloons, a 3-layered circular cake with light pink and gold icing decorated with elephant, and normal chicken.
“If I get married to Dean, you know what my name will be?” I asked one day to Gabe. “Castiel Winchester.”
Sam, Dean, and Cas took a moment to soak in all the information. Suddenly, Cas got up and started walking towards the bedroom. “You have a lovely home,” Dean started as he stood up, “Can we take a look at it?” The couple had no other choice than say yes, as Dean stated walking to Cas before they even responded.
“It was what you would do.” Krissy looked at him with a confused look. “Kris. I didn’t tell you because you would say you liked me back.”
The man shuffled uncomfortably, and Cas realized he was yet to speak. “Pardon my lack of response. It’s just… your clothing intrigues me. My name is Castiel. I have been here for a week and I must say, it’s really different from my norm.”
The domesticity between Dean and Cas was now profound. Dean had met with Amelia and Christine. The two had gotten to know about their history and had cried a little wondering why the universe was cruel. Dean had gotten to know about Jimmy and Richard and had shared his condolences with two. He also talked about how he was happy that Cas now has family by blood, even though it doesn’t end there.
Dean moved his hands from his mouth and asked. “How?” At Cas’ confused look, Dean elaborated. “How did your dad die?”
“You stay here.” Loki said, reading her mind. “I will go check.” Kali stood in the entrance of the basement. She hated Loki’s elder brothers. She wished she could disintegrate them into dust.
“That’s a debate for later. Right now, why Robin sucks. Robin whines, yells and pouts every time Batman wants to do something. He taints Batman’s good name!”
“Eliot! Calm down… what’s wrong?” Krissy asked. The commotion had gotten both the twins and Cas to turn their attention from the TV to Eliot and Krissy, from the couch.
“Hey, I am not feeling that good, so I’ll just sleep.” Krissy said, drinking the juice bottle Belphie had given her.
“Don’t have unnecessary thoughts Charlie!” Cas jeered back. “I will just talk with him for old time sake.” Cas smiled wistfully and excitedly.
“Welcome back once again to the Music Talk Show. Take it away Dean.” The host said and the spotlights fell on him.
But Loki didn’t mind. He touched the body’s arm, and jerked his hand back, like he got burnt or something. “No, no, no, no, no, no, no!” Loki exclaimed as he took the body’s face in his palms. “Wake up! Wake up Goddammit!” Loki said with terror in his eyes.
“Uh… I think you just did sweetheart.” Meg said pointing at Jess’ skirt. Jess looked down to find the platform and her skirt wet.
“I knew we had a date, just forgot it was… today. Shut up. Anyway, status report, go!” Charlie clapped her hands and threw them in a dramatic flair.
