“Thank you, John.” Sherlock said quietly before John came out of the kitchen with two cups of tea on saucers, each with a couple biscuits.
Twenty-four hours passed as John effectively ignored the existence of his flat mate. He was getting tired of his façade that he was just some regular old, touchy-feely guy off the street who needed to share the cost of rent because he’d been some drug addict before or something and was three weeks clean – hardly impressive, but to them a world of difference was being made.
“Molly; you look lovely today.” Holmes said as he walked in, smiling at her.
He arrived in good time, knocking on the door and requesting access to the man’s flat. But he got no response over the mic and no buzz to let him in. He looked into the camera, smiling quickly and requesting to come in once more.
“So… different guy with an organ fetish then?” John jokingly concluded, making Sherlock hum his amusement.
“I feel… wrong.” Holmes said, tilting his head as he weighed the word in front of him. “I feel like how I would expect it would feel to be a normal person – unable to think, or even breathe. This is a recent development that’s been troubling me.” He said, pacing still, his hands moving sporadically in front of him.
He was eventually encouraged to go home – his friend was in a diagnosed coma and wasn’t expected to wake for at least a week if not more.
“I’m a consulting detective, and you’re not letting me do my best.”
“Quite the contrary.” Holmes said, a smirk tugging at the corner of his mouth. “I’ve found everything I need. You’re coming back to Baker Street, right? You’ve got to stop disappearing on me, I really do appreciate your company.”
“How could you think that? I’m your best friend – I would never do such a thing! You should know this.” He said, sounding much more emotional than usual.
“Did you just realize this now? You made it sound like you’d known for a while.” John said, his frown deepening – if that was possible.
“It’s not bad actually.” Holmes said, turning away now, not liking to hear about feelings and sentiment. “Don’t worry about me – we haven’t time for such things.”
Not obsessing because he participated in many other tasks with it put in the background.
Not pondering because it was more fertile than that.
No weaponry when alone,
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m sure you’re having a ball, dear.” Mrs. Hudson smiled, patting him on the upper arm before leaving promptly. “Let me know if John comes back!” She called as she closed the door behind her.
Well, here’s where the trickery comes in. Of course, they had been to the hospital, that was not wrong, but that was not what connected. And the murderer himself was not a doctor at all – which had been assumed by Sherlock because it seemed the most probable – balance of probability, as Mycroft always said – but this time that wasn’t going to work. Not with this one.
“He had been to the hospital for wisdom tooth removal – quite late, but he had. I took this date into mind along with the one on which he was found dead, and had a realization. John, he was forcibly used as a test subject. Someone had snuck into his room while he was unconscious and injected him with it, causing a slow deterioration of his insides.”
A nice car, drugs… you name it.
“Assumedly so – everything is being assumed with this one.” Holmes mumbled, seeming almost uncomfortable with this conversation. Not before John asked though – when he was mumbling he was doing so quite happily. John stared at him, the creases in his face hardening. “What is it now?” Holmes asked, rolling his eyes stiffly. “Something on my face?”
“John!” Holmes yelled, walking out of the room. He poked his head back to the doorway to thank Molly – John had just reached the door by this time with Lestrade.
TRIGGER WARNING: Further self-harm content in italics and hints at it throughout this part.
!” He said, pulling the man’s jacket open, lifting his shirt to show a small, reddish spot on his stomach.
A doctor would, however, stand by his side, make him breakfast, aid him on the way home after getting drunk, sit with him in the hospital as his blood supply was replenished, hold frozen peas to his face so he could continue his work; he had a doctor of his very own, so no, he didn’t have two doctors on his case. Just one.
“Guess it’s hard to spot in this layout-”
“Sherlock?” John called, checking the bathroom – no one in there. Lights off, door open. “Sherlock?” He repeated, going to check his room, then finally Holmes’s door. He knocked gently, calling his name again. He heard a noise from inside. He called out his intentions before opening the door, seeing Holmes sprawled out on his bed like he’d just gone to sleep as soon as John left and stayed there for an entire day. He was an absolute wreck.
“There are many spots you found, yes?”
“No, no, it’s fine, he can be overbearing most of the time – is that all you said?” He asked, wondering if she’s said anything about waiting for him, being nice and considerate for once in his damn life.
They left quite some time later, neither one knowing exactly how much, and got a cab back. John questioned the point of that again, getting no proper response from Holmes. They stumbled back into their flat, Holmes relying on John to stay upright. He helped him sit and chuckled as his eyes drooped closed and he mumbled something about alcohol tolerance and how he didn’t understand why it was a thing. John chuckled, sitting on the couch beside where Holmes had collapsed and looked down at him.
But, why had John gone pale like that? There was no feasible explanation – he wasn’t getting sick or he’d have only gotten up this morning to be sick at the toilet – but he was clearly freshening up. Holmes just couldn’t wrap his head around it – it was something he was never quite perfect with; human emotion. He himself couldn’t mimic it perfectly – and that was purely because he didn’t know it well enough. He could cry, he could stutter, but he couldn’t feel. At least, not to that extent.
Holmes stared at him, frowning slightly. “Right.” He said slowly, rolling up his sleeves. “Inspect away, Doctor Watson.” Holmes said, sticking his arms out toward John.
“So, this man must have something against every single one of these victims – but do they have a common friend? A common doctor? A common classmate?”
“Haven’t seen him, no… are you two in a spat? I only ask because he left in quite a hurry; got in a cab and was on the phone, like you usually are, but he looked right bent about something.” Mrs. Hudson said, walking over to look out the window.
“Not sure.” Sherlock replied, his eyes flicking back and forth when suddenly he grinned, closed the program, stood, and left the room.
Sherlock hung up before Watson could yell at him any further about how he could’ve just said so and spared the arguing.
!” He said, almost whining now. “Give it back, I’m on the verge of something!”
“I… does this have anything to do with the case?” John asked, not seeing how this information could benefit Holmes in his investigation in any way.
“Are you serious?” Lestrade asked, looking at Sherlock as his face didn’t so much as twitch a smile – he was dead serious.
“Right, yes, thank you Jordan. You’re free to go. Here’s some money for a coffee, or a drink.” Sherlock said, dropping various, somewhat useless coins into the man, Jordan’s, hand. Watson frowned, then handed him a tenner.
“Sorry about him… and for your loss. It’s a terrible thing…” Watson said. Jordan nodded his thanks, trying to smile before he left, but his face ended up falling into a desperately upset expression.
don’t wait up for me.
“I wouldn’t say that yet.” Sherlock said. “Thirteen victims, that was the plan. And you’ve only killed twelve.” He said, feeling triumphant for but a moment.
“Another murder, only two left, this one’s following the pattern as well – shall we?” He asked, holding out John’s coat toward him. John stared at it, his cup of tea in hand.
Sherlock looked at him, his eyes sliding sluggishly across the room to land on him. Their eyes locked, Sherlock’s looking dull and inhuman for a moment before he nodded his head and the corners of his mouth pulled up just enough to notice. “Sure. Thanks, John.”
“Quite beautifully so.” Sherlock agreed, keeping his head.
Over the next three days there were two more murders – six and five puncture wounds, both hospital patients within the last two months. Holmes had hardly stopped pacing, and when he did he played violin. John rubbed his temples on his chair, not knowing what was going on anymore – there was a murderer at large they couldn’t find, biological evidence was yet to be found, and a motive was nowhere to be seen.
It was okay. He was okay. They were okay. They did it. They did it, both of them, and they both walked away.
“I-I-I’m f-fine…” Sherlock repeated, his eyes closed and his skin white as a sheet – Watson stood there in shock, the sight of this much blood on his friend making him feel sick. “I-I was just…” Sherlock said, his body movement stopping suddenly.
Holmes eventually went to his room, realizing if he fell asleep outside of John’s room and didn’t wake before John it might cause awkward conversation. So, he went to his room and lay there, still faintly hearing the sudden creak of John’s bed when he awoke every now and again.
“I know you’re skeptical and want your proof, but this one had no injections and a totally different tactic. And a motive.”
Sherlock looked at him now, his eyebrows drawn together in an almost sad way, but his mouth was smiling. He looked almost remorseful. But he quickly looked back towards the kettle as it started rumbling – they reorganized themselves and finished the tea, Sherlock leaving the room to play violin as Watson took over.
“Oh, and the tables turn.” He said, raising his hands as he laughed. “But are we at the tables?”
“Are you on something?” John asked, leaning in to get a closer look – he didn’t look like he had when he knew he was high – sunken eyes and all, but he did have the sporadic behaviour.
“Yes, and nothing seemed to have been taken, but of course that’s hard to say. But taking blood, even like that, shouldn’t’ve been enough to kill ‘im. Plus, he still had most of his blood when we found ‘im.”
Holmes’s mind worked at half its usual speed, as well, because half of it was occupied by John’s strange behavior. There he was, on his laptop, eyes closed and fingers to his temples. He found it frustrating he couldn’t concentrate on the case – he wanted to badly. He just wasn’t sure how. How do you expel the thoughts of someone?
“The mental state… I guess so, but… you love this – how would you know about that, if anything it improves your mental state.” John commented, folding his newspaper and putting it aside. Something was wrong with Holmes.
Where could he have gone? His phone buzzed, temporarily distracting him as he grabbed it out and saw a message from Lestrade. Something about John messaging to say to give him updates directly again a while back – and that there’d been another murder.
“Wow.” John said, nodding as he looked out the window.
He was long. He was very long – he was out for hours. In the fall the sun starts setting earlier, so John nor Sherlock could judge the time that way, and it didn’t help that a massive rainstorm had moved in and knocked out the power. John was left in the dark with his watch to tell the time, but he wasn’t exactly sure what time he’d gone – he hadn’t realized it was exactly noon when he’d left.
Holmes seemed almost back to normal after two days away – although, he also seemed quite moody and sporadic. “So, you really found nothing new on the body?” John asked in the cab on the way back.
If he became overly stressed he slept restlessly – his mind unable to relax as his body did. Holmes often thought of going in to wake him, but he did. He just sat outside, listening to his panicked breath and his waking moments after he’d sat up as he calmed himself down, laying back to try once more.
“Where did you learn that song?” Watson asked, his face in a frown, but not an angry frown. More of a confused, thoughtful frown. Sherlock stared at his face for a moment, then shrugged.
John put his hands on Sherlock’s upper arms, holding him there for a moment just to look at him. “It’s okay.” He repeated, everything he was in that moment projecting that what he said was true. Sherlock’s face relaxed out of its contorted discomfort as he realized that it was.
“So, fight?” Watson asked, but once again Sherlock shook his head.
“By your standards, I guess so.” John nodded, feeling amused and happy that Holmes was back to his usual self – he wasn’t sure what had happened over those two days, but it must’ve been influential.
“How so?” John asked, closing his laptop and setting it aside, sounding defensive. Holmes locked eyes with him then, frowning.
“Nope.”
“Did you get any sleep at all?” Watson asked, suddenly seeing that, aside from his bruised face, his eyes looked dry and bloodshot on both sides – a dark circle surrounding his right eye from lack of sleep and left eye from heavy bruising.
“Well of course he is, the bloke keeps murdering people – it’s terrible.”
“What?” John questioned, but got no answer as Sherlock promptly got up and left the room. John was then left to sit in his confused silence. He continued reading the paper; his eyes wandering down to a headline – Rapid Serial Murdering – John put down the paper and ran towards the window to see Sherlock getting into a taxi. Wonderful – now he was left to look up the details, as he was sure Sherlock would’ve asked him to if he wasn’t in such a hurry.
“I’ve only just got up three hours ago, John. What do you expect of me?” Sherlock asked, going over the couch to thump down quickly as he had finished ranting.
So, he went home – and then, within thirty minutes, received a call that Sherlock had awoken. In a panic – he woke up in a panic and screamed profanities at the doctors, ripping IVs out of his arms and saying he would not calm down until he knew Watson was coming back. So, Watson talked to him on the phone.
“Okay.”
“Sherlock, this is not something to fret about-” Watson sighed, but he was shushed promptly. He did not utter another word unless Sherlock asked a question, but every answer he gave only agitated him further. He wasn’t sure why he was thinking about this rather than whining over a lack of a good case.
Sherlock forcibly requested everyone to leave the room but him, Watson, and Lestrade. Lestrade started giving the details of everything he knew while Sherlock paced around the body, looking it over, sometimes smelling or feeling various areas. Watson watched as Sherlock’s eyes darted about, his mouth pressed into a thin line, then suddenly agape.
John went for a walk to clear his head. This time he didn’t go to talk to anyone, he just went. He walked here and there, expecting a phone box to ring at any moment and Mycroft to ask what was going on. Surely he’d know that he was… off.
“What?” John questioned, his eyebrows raising as he put down the tea and handed Sherlock the partially thawed peas. Sherlock held them to his face as his eyes darted back and forth, his mind running a million miles a second.
“It is, good observation John.” Holmes said, but without its usual saturation of sarcasm. It almost sounded genuine. John lowered his eyebrows, not saying anything until after the kettle had sung and the tea was strong.
Watson gave up, figuring it was late enough at night to just go to bed. He wandered to his room, changing into his pajamas as he heard Holmes pacing in the living room.
“Yeah, fine, why?”
♪ Distance Doesn’t Ruin a Relationship; Doubts Do ♪
“Unless he really
“I don’t need a babysitter; I haven’t died yet, have I? I did fine for years before you came along, and now that you’re here to see what I’m doing it’s like I suddenly need watching over! I’m absolutely fine!”
“It does.” Holmes said, seeming almost thoughtful.
! Thir
“You would’ve carried on.” Sherlock said – he wasn’t kidding. Watson heard it in his voice – he believed Watson would just carry on.
He spent a full week next to his comatose friend, staring at his pale skin and watching in deadened silence as nurses came in to check on him, check his drip, take their notes and leave again.
“Sherlock? Are you listening to me?” Watson asked, his voice calmer now that he’d gotten used to the black-and-blue faced Sherlock in his white dress shirt and black dress pants. And no socks or shoes to be seen.
“All having been to different doctors, as Lestrade looked into. Took him longer than I’d wanted.”
He slumped into his chair, wondering to himself about this rogue doctor again – the same old thoughts. How could he go against his vows to be a doctor, and what did he have against all these regular old blokes?
“I’m so sorry.” He said, feeling his nose tickle as his eyes stung. “I’m so sorry I couldn’t…” His voice broke. He leaned forward, staring at the white tile floor of the hospital. “I couldn’t keep you safe.” He said, his words airy and hoarse. “From yourself. And that’s on me.” He said, then got up to stand by the door, pinching his nose, but never leaving the room. People told him to leave to get some proper sleep, but he wouldn’t. They told him visiting hours were over and had Mycroft allow it. He sat in the chair next to the hospital bed, the sound of the heart monitor being all that told him this was reality. Because no way in hell would he dream up such an irritating sound for this long.
“Right. Find out why. Then I can concentrate on the case.” He said, nodding and walking out. “Thank you, Molly! You’re the best.” He flashed another smile, then walked away from the door.
Sherlock left to get more supplies for experiments, leaving Watson with the flat to himself. He decided he’d clean a bit.
Sherlock pulled a gun, aiming steadily at the man’s forehead.
Watson seemed unaffected by anything that night, having gotten up in the morning and worked around all the foreign equipment on the countertops to get himself something to eat. Sherlock didn’t get up until very late. He had tried to sleep once the sun had come up, but had no luck.
Watson woke the next morning to the sound of gentle pacing in the lounge. He made his groggy way to the washroom, ignoring Sherlock’s discontentedness for the moment to go freshen up. When he emerged, he was greeted once more with gentle pacing. He accepted the fact that Sherlock was waiting for him so he could rant and went out – Mrs. Hudson had put away Sherlock’s skull, as it was “rude to have out in the open like that”.
Holmes hummed, his eyebrows lowered as he watched John’s every movement until he finally succumbed and left for bed. It was dark now anyway – dusk passed quickly. “Just waiting on another murder…” He said to himself as he could hear the creaks of John’s bed. “Six days, starting tomorrow.”
He wouldn’t know for eight days.
“Wait,” John frowned, “then… are some of these victims with the lower number of puncture wounds… were they technically murdered before the more recent ones?”
“People?” John asked, looking at him incredulously as he got out a cup and teabags, putting the kettle on. “Who did you ask? Were you talking about me?”
Watson sat back down in his chair, picking up the newspaper to read it a bit further. The sounds of Holmes scraping up pieces from the walls and counters were slightly distracting, making him sigh loudly every so often. This earned him a glare to the back of his head from Holmes each time.
“No, no, not that – that’s not enough for this man, they did something to him; something personal… but what?”
He neglected to remember that alcohol can only amplify what’s already there, not create something new.
“Sherlock!” Watson called, standing sternly in the kitchen with his fists balled at his sides. “I told you no unauthorized experiments – what is this?”
“Went to see Lestrade, stopped in with Molly to confirm a few things, then came home.” He said, smiling slightly.
Watson wasn’t so sure – he’d cut in at least half an inch – he’d severed quite a few veins and arteries. But Mycroft was certain that Sherlock would be okay – he insisted harshly and got his way as he usually did.
He eventually grabbed a loaf of bread after wandering for an hour, paid, and walked out, the sun seeming bright for this time of year, and yet it was cold. There was a breeze running through the street that seemed to cut right through you. He wanted to go home – he almost felt homeless; he didn’t want to go back. Holmes had crossed the line – he made rules to help him stay alive for goodness sake, and then he goes around ignoring him, getting himself hurt like it doesn’t matter, self-deprecating and acting like John’s out of his wit to try to help him.
“Sherlock…” Molly said, pausing. Her suspicions were driving her insane, she had to clear them up… cautiously. “How do you feel around John?” She asked, making eye contact for a moment.
“It was nothing – just thinking.” John said quickly, looking out the window. He felt like he was in a room with a stranger. It felt wrong – he didn’t know the man sitting on the couch with his cheekbones and curly hair atop his head.
“Decoy spots – of course you’d suspect there were only twelve, why would do you a thirteenth one? It’s not linear in your brain, thirteen doesn’t look nice, and so you assume it was only twelve. Neck, wrists, bottoms of the feet, inner elbows… but nothing was found in the bloodstream. Because the murderer wasn’t aiming for the bloodstream. Don’t you see?” Sherlock said, grinning like a madman. Lestrade shook his head. Sherlock looked expectantly at Watson, who just shrugged.
He came into the kitchen and threw them down, having John open them up to see take-away containers “You got us… dinner.” He said, glancing at Holmes in appreciation.
“John, that song makes you toss and turn in the night, you left for a day with no explanation upon leaving or return, and you’re not talking to me anymore.”
That was fast, is all Sherlock could think. Friday the thirteenth was his expected end date, and that wasn’t for two weeks, and if there’d been another murder then there were only six more victims now to be killed over twelve days.
“No, it’s nothing, this case is just…” He said, now making small gestures with his bread-clad hand. “Where did you go?” He asked, turning around. “No one knew – Mrs. Hudson asked, Molly hadn’t heard from you – Lestrade gave me an update. You were gone all night – and then you come back with bread.” He said, staring down at it. “Quite good bread, actually.” He commented, taking another bite.
“Why would the guy even want different blood types?” John asked, following him into the lounge after he’d spoken like a crazy man for long enough. He’d made tea in that time – that’s just about a new record for how long Sherlock spoke to himself at hyper speed.
He was slowly sipping away at a cup of tea that Watson was sure Sherlock didn’t make for himself – he wasn’t sure
“You’ve been acting strange, and you’re making it difficult for me to concentrate.” Holmes blurted, standing in his same position, hands in pockets and eyes locked on the place his skull used to be.
He put the bread in the kitchen, then walked around to see if Holmes was here. There was no way he was asleep at this hour – he must’ve been working on the case. The unsolvable case; no motive, no common enemy – a doctor, with patients… acid, organ removal – organ theft – and no motive. It made no sense.
“What happened to him?” Molly asked, leaning toward John, her voice hushed. “He seems… off. Too nice, too considerate – like he suddenly understands human feelings and has compassion or something. Was that too harsh?” Molly asked, seeming ashamed of what she’d just said.
“And that last man was eight – he’s counting? How did you not notice this?”
that?” Lestrade asked, wanting to motion people in to take a look, but he halted his movements to let Sherlock finish.
“Well… yes, mostly.” She said, her eyes flitting about. John stared at her, craning his neck forward. “I can’t say what else though, I promised I…” She said, them pursed her lips, shaking her head. “I’m sorry, John.”
Sherlock was hardly a foot away from him now. John’s eyes were open, and he heard the kettle whistling beside him, but it hardly felt like they were in the same universe. Sherlock was looking down at him, but not just with his eyes like usual. His whole head was angled down, his violin in one hand and the bow in the other. Although that quickly changed as he set them down and pulled John in for a hug, burying his head in his neck.
But Watson was a doctor. An army doctor that knew when there was no hope. And this seemed to be one of those cases – sporadic breathing, splotchy, pale skin with severely dark wounds, the heart monitor going opposite the breathing – not that he knew that from being an army doctor, but he figured something was off with that.
“No, too risky, this one’s too smart.” Sherlock said, shaking his head as he stood and started pacing back and forth through the lounge. “He cornered the victim without him trying too hard to escape, hence the lack of external damage to his body. In a “
Sherlock felt nauseated, his throat feeling awfully dry and his eyes and nose running. He put a hand to his neck as he doubled over, falling to his knees as he retched and brought up the only food he’d had in ages. He stared down in confusion, not understanding.
“Well… this case has gotten a bit out of hand – I can’t solve it. And there’s a week left. One week. Seven days. One hundred and seventy four hours, to be precise.” He tilted his head, then sniffed harshly, seeming a bit fidgety.
“Do you have a death wish?” He asked, having just put rubber gloves on his hands to slowly peel a piece of the stuff from the wall, then place it onto a Petri dish to look at under his microscope. “Honestly, John. I’m not doing anything terribly bad.”
No hurting yourself or any reason,
“Quite.” Sherlock said, standing up suddenly, his tea just about splashing out of its cup. “I don’t understand how a song that I must’ve heard on the radio caused you to get out of bed to listen to it. You were clearly agitated with my playing just prior to that song, why get up? I thought you were cross.”
“Well, you’re not listening to him much… from what it sounds like, anyway… I don’t know… I’m no good with relationships.” Molly smiled awkwardly, a nervous laugh accompanying it. “Not even friendships.” She hummed, looking off to the side.
“Sherlock!” John said, following him. “Molly said you went to talk to her.”
“You’ve suddenly gone pale.” Holmes said, eyeing him up quickly. “Are you getting sick?”
The heart monitor was unsteady – it’d speed up, then drop off. Speed up, drop off. He was allowed into his room when they were done. He went in to see his best friend with a tube down his throat and IVs in his arm. Blood on one, morphine on the other as he guessed. He didn’t look at that for long. He sat in his chair, his heart having sunk to the bottom of his ribcage.
“I’ll be back in about an hour.”
“No, that’s not what I said at all, John. Are you listening?” Holmes asked, finally taking his hands out of his pockets and pacing. “I’m quite out of my element – I’m not good with… people.” He said, one hand running over his mouth.
Please let the moon that shines on me
On the eighth morning John was fast asleep, his snores gently filling the room with life.
“Hardly – we have until next Friday.”
Holmes paused, wondering how he could answer any differently than he already had. “What do you mean? I already answered that question.”
What had he done now? Watson rose from his chair, brushing his hands against his thighs as he looked toward the kitchen. A very loud popping sound had just come from there, and then stifled excitement followed. He walked towards the doorway with internal hesitance, but it didn’t show at all outwardly since he’d just stormed in with a frown on his face.
Holmes paused, looking down at his arms, then immediately rolling down his sleeves as his own face went dead. “It was an experiment – nevermind that. I have a question about the victims now.” He said, making Molly hesitantly nod. “How many puncture wounds were on each?”
“Well, mother, let me explain.” Holmes sassed, exaggerating the motion of pushing hair out of his face. “I was just mixing up a spell to make your damn rules go away!” Holmes exploded, a frown set deep into his features.
“I heard my name, and something about the case.” John said, his hands still by his sides. “Alright, fine, I was the one who needed a break, I just… this case is overwhelming, you’re overwhelming. You don’t listen to me. You don’t…”
Well, a doctor wouldn’t.
“You don’t sound fine – what have you done to yourself? Are you on drugs?” Watson asked, banging on the door again, then finally stepping back to kick the door in, causing it to break and swing open.
The tossing stopped. Sherlock played quietly and smoothly; hearing repeated deep, relaxed sighs from John’s room. The sound was a happy sound to Sherlock and gave him enough peace to sleep minimal hours that night – many more than previous nights.
“Well, yes, but he didn’t reply.” He promptly answered, nodding his head. Molly stared at him until he got it; John was upset with him. “Oh…” He hummed, looking to the side. “How did you know? I’m not acting any different, did John come in?” Holmes asked, frowning down at her.
“Yes, John. Is that so hard to believe?” Sherlock hissed into the phone.
Holmes heard the creak of Watson’s bed from downstairs, knowing he was now going to sleep. He knew John couldn’t sleep very well when he played violin, so he went and grabbed it, standing by their large window, and began to play.
“Right, so… let’s say we somehow found out that the next victim is… you, let’s say.” Holmes said, steepling his fingers under his chin. John felt an unparalleled satisfaction to see that again. He didn’t even mind that Holmes was plotting his murder.
“Heard it somewhere. Maybe on telly.” He said, turning back to face the window, placing the bow back on the strings.
“No, I’m not. I’m your flat mate. And you’ve just exploded something in our kitchen.” He said, his voice repeating rhythmic patterns as he spoke as if to a child who should’ve known better.
“I’m going out to talk with Lestrade – he thinks he’s got something. Probably unrelated but I’m going to go check it out.” Holmes called out, making Watson raise his eyebrows. At least he’s accepted he should at least sort of follow the rules.
“Another man found dead this very afternoon, a suspected murder. Scotland Yard is working at this very moment on catching the culprit-"
“Experiment – much less detrimental to my health than the last one, don’t you think?” He asked sarcastically.
John fixated his eyes on the victim, going directly to the feet to check for any sign of oxygen injection.
I see the moon and the moon sees me
“Well, naturally.” Lestrade said, crossing his arms.
He came down the stairs, the look on his face not angry, but somewhat… sentimental.
“Try being a little more patient with him.” She said, making him raise his eyebrows.
He looked around for ages, seeing nothing even close to the concoction Holmes had made – his was thick and almost fleshy – like pale skin, sickeningly white; not white enough to look clean. He went to each floor, checking broom closets and such, thinking such a substance would need to be hidden at least a little, but he found nothing. He waited outside for Holmes after he’d finished, checking his watch and wondering why he wasn’t out yet.
“Him or her – assuming it’s a him, assuming he’s a doctor, and we won’t catch him until Friday. He’s too careful, but the thirteenth victim will give it away somehow. This one wants to be caught – but his way.”
“Ah…” John said, frowning. He let the silence simmer for ten minutes, then asked again. “Right, so what did you do while you were out?”
“No, not worth it. I just had Lestrade give me the details – I need to be here… something else is stirring – something strange.”
“Oh?” John asked sarcastically, not understanding the use of the word “dilemma” as Holmes chose his words very carefully, and that one seemed a bit… romantic. Was that the right word? It seemed like a word only really used in the movies – a cliché.
“Quite the contrary, John. Same man, taking these organs that were unaffected to see how he could affect them with the acid at all – and then how to maneuver the acid to those areas for a more confusing, less pin-pointed murder.”
This earned him quite a look from Holmes. “You’ve got to be kidding me.” He mused, his face falling expressionless and dead when he looked towards Watson. “What do you think I’m going to do?
The fingers around his arms tightened as the Colonel spoke. John desperately wanted to shake them off, but he wasn't going to allow the pathetic man in front of him see his anger. What were the fucking odds that they'd run into him again tonight? Lifting his chin, he glared at the Colonel and waited.
- If this story was a film, Ronan Keating’s song ‘When You Say Nothing At All’ would be playing over the scenes of John marvelling over the fact that he gets to wake up with Sherlock in his arms.  Go have a listen: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuJrEBtmM1Q
It sounds idyllic.  “I’ve never been to Edinburgh.  Or Scotland, more generally.  Bit ridiculous considering my family name and all.”
, and I will be alerting the police, just in case you get it into your head to come around again sometime.”
It’s Nicola who finally cracks.  (I’d have put my bet on Molly.)  “I hope this isn’t entirely uncouth, Sherlock, but I absolutely loved
“Ah, that’s it.”
The young man steps back, started.  “Because someone may ask and it’s best to be prepared, right?”  He glances nervously at Sally before continuing.  “If someone asks why you haven’t brought a date, you should have an answer.”
The annoying jingle that precedes each new story catches my attention and I focus back on the screen.  The two presenters are seated on their usual red sofa, prim and proper, ready to alert the world to all the details of Sherlock’s personal life.  I find them annoying at the best of times, but today I positively hate them.
“Oh, right.  Well, good night, then.  Thank you for tonight, Sherlock.”
Sherlock stopped speaking abruptly when John reached them, his eyes skittering nervously between him and the Major. He looked very young in that moment, which only served to double John’s worry, his senses became more focused in anticipation.
Feeling lighter and more sure-footed than before, Sherlock leapt up onto the base of the statue and sauntered over to John, leaning against the lion next to him, close enough so their elbows brushed.
“You said were going to your sister’s. Can I come with you?”
loudly and at increasing levels of panic.
⟪Yes.  Deal with it.⟫
- If you haven’t gathered by now, John and Harry are working on a secret project together -- a comic book!  You’ll learn more about this later!
Two pairs of confused eyes turned towards him. “What?” Major Lestrade asked, while Sherlock went with a more refined “Sorry?”
“I couldn’t put my finger on it right away, but now I see it. How long were you in the Army?”
He smiles victoriously, and proceeds to scale the fence in a few graceful maneuvers and swings down to land lightly on the other side.  Bloody agile bastard.
“Well, you shall just have to convince him,” Sherlock responded, grinning at his brother and signalling to the footman for a cup of tea.
“Molly,” the other woman squeaked.
They met on 8th May 1945. V-E Day.
Sherlock lips tipped up into a slight smile. “And you, John.” Turning to the footman, he said, “Walters, please have our tea brought through now that the Lieutenant-Colonel has arrived.”
“A body!”
The conversation ceased and they continued their meals in a more comfortable silence. Mummy finished first and excused herself from the table, extending her warmest wishes to both John and Lestrade before exiting the Morning Room.
I sip my coffee and walk.
No matter what I do, I can’t avoid the news.
Out from the darkness on his left, a hand snagged his arm and pulled him sharply into an alcove in the exterior wall of the house, causing him to stumble.  By instinct, he struggled against the grip of his attacker, knocking away the hand that had come up to grip the front of his jacket.  The space was cramped, barely large enough to fit two grown men, and he cracked his knee on the brick wall in his attempt to free himself.  Before he could yell, a strong hand clamped down on his mouth and another secured his arms, pulling him firmly against the other man.
“No, no, no.  As much as I love you lot, I’m not planning on spending the night with you, not with so much skirt out tonight.”  The blond soldier said, scanning the crowd around them.
“Do try to find your dignity, brother mine, instead of bellowing down the corridors like an angry chimpanzee,” Mycroft drawled, a slender hand reaching out to grasp the teacup before withdrawing behind the paper once more.
“Really?” He could not seem to shake this bubble of worry and self-doubt.
“Who are you?” I demand, glaring at this additional intruder in my home.
As the horse rider drew nearer, the heavy silence of the crowd intensified, thickening around them like a layer of fog. The rider was followed by a contingent of field marshals and admirals from the Army, Air Force and Navy. They marched solemnly in rows of four and John recognised his own field marshal, Edmund Ironside, in the ranks.
At John’s teasing compliments, it was now Sherlock’s turn to blush, but he attempted to divert attention with a smirk. “Mmm, indeed. Waltz, foxtrot, quickstep and an odd few traditional dances as well.”
I stop pulling books off the shelf. “What is?” Again, I feel like he’s started in the middle of a conversation and I’m stuck playing catch up.
“You are not grasping the concept of being incognito, are you?”
Sherlock: “I cannot choose just one thing; I love everything about John. I love that his eyes never seem to be the same colour blue. I love the way he clenches his left hand whenever he’s irritated. I love how he still stands at attention, despite having been out of the Army for half a century. I love his delightful giggle. I love that he has chosen to stand by my side as we proceed through this absurd spectacle called life. He is the bravest, kindest and wisest human being I have ever had the good fortune of knowing. He has, throughout our years together, made me a better person, for I am a ridiculous man, redeemed only by the warmth and constancy of his love.”
I knock out of inherent politeness but when no one comes to open the door after a moment, I push my way inside and am greeted by a hive of activity.  There is a swarm of people in the sitting room - I pick out Sally, tapping away on her mobile, and the man I recognise to be Sherlock’s stylist.  The others I assume are members of Sherlock’s team, ranging from hair stylists to publicists.  They ignore me, and Sherlock is nowhere to be seen.
There was nothing stopping him from leaving, but the pompous git didn’t deserve to be let off the hook that easily, so with a muttered curse, he pushed open the door to the pub.  A wall of warm air greeted him, smelling of too many bodies packed into a small space.
“Yes, later.”
“Listen, we can talk about that more later, if you want to, but for now, just know that you are welcome to stay here as long as you need, and I'm happy to help in whatever way I can with this whole issue in the news, which admittedly, probably won't be much.  Okay?”
Sherlock followed, muttering.  John caught him repeating the words ‘posh boy’ and he grinned even more.  Needling Sherlock about their obvious class difference was an incredibly diverting way to pass the time.
“Why are you dressed like that?” Sherlock asked, narrowing his eyes at his brother.
But it isn’t good timing, for him especially, or for me.  I’m pushing forty and the time for rushing into a fantasy relationship is well behind me.  And a fantasy is surely what dating Sherlock Holmes would be -- how would it work, anyway?  If he doesn’t want to be out, then would I remain a secret?  It’s not like I want my private life made public, but the idea of being kept in the shadows doesn’t sit right with me either.  Would I accompany him to industry events, hanging onto his arm like some kind of WAG?  I can’t imagine that red carpets, screaming fans and hordes of photographers would ever feel like a comfortable situation to be in for me.
Well, he hoped it would, anyway.
The letter made him feel anxious and his hands began to sweat, leaving ugly fingerprints behind on the paper. A letter delivered by a royal messenger surely had something to do with Sherlock.
Angelo pours a glass for me and sets the bottle back on the table.  “I will leave you now to decide on your meal.”
“Actually, I think I’d rather see you in whatever he’s chosen,” I say, shooting a grin at the stylist.
Mrs Hudson is full of smiles and barely contained excitement herself.  “Hello, John, dear.  Come in, come in!”  She bustles me inside the door like the mother hen she is and I kiss her on the cheek as I pass.  “Premiere day, isn’t it wonderful?”
There were a million things he needed to do, but instead he was going to enjoy this song because it was surprisingly good.  The next one would probably total shite, but then he could rush through the dishes and switch the station.
Impertinence, he thought, was a good cover for his nervousness. Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw John smirk briefly and then stifle it as quickly as it appeared. From up above, he heard a strangled cough and flicked his eyes up to see Lestrade cover his mouth. Pleased at having made them laugh, Sherlock smiled up at his father, sweet and falsely innocent. Papa sighed.
“Those people?  Yeah, I suppose there is a big difference between us and the King, but not you, right?  You were probably all buddy-buddy with the Princes at whatever posh school you went to!”
“I’m going to palpate along your nose a bit. Let me know if it’s too painful.”
“Dancing, John. I’ve always loved dancing.”
Soon they were ready to depart, and John suggested walking back towards Chelsea Bridge. It was unlikely that a taxicab would be passing through the quiet streets of Harry’s neighbourhood at this hour.
“No, Sherlock,” John said, interrupting his spiral of uncertainty and giving him a questioning look.  “That was incredible.  I don’t understand how you did it, and yes, it’s a bit uncomfortable to have your life laid bare so easily, but it’s amazing nonetheless.”
“Don’t be embarrassed, Johnny.  We’re all rooting for you!”
I wish he’d look at me, just so I could get a sense of what’s going on in his head, but he studiously avoids my eye.
“William!” A stern voice interrupted John’s internal rant.
“Last night, I said one thing when I wanted another.”  Scrubbing my hand over the back of my neck, I take a deep breath and say, “I needed to feel like I had some semblance of control over my life, although the decision that provided that sense of control was, well, the wrong one.”
While there were a few other officers in attendance, the majority of soldiers appeared to be rather low ranking and they made way for John as he passed. Sherlock was accustomed to people moving out his way at events, so it was a novel experience to watch John receive the same treatment as the soldiers stepped aside for their superior officer. Sherlock did not attempt to hide the smug grin that he was certain was on his face.
On Wednesday, not having seen Sherlock again since our abbreviated breakfast two days earlier, I move through my day at the shop in a state of jittery excitement.  I’m completely useless with even the most minor tasks and I find myself camping out behind the till, chattering incessantly at the various customers who filter in.  Anderson keeps shooting odd looks at me because of my sudden gregariousness, but I can’t exactly explain that my movie star boyfriend has the premiere of his new film tonight, so I try to play it off as nerves for the fake doctor’s appointment that I created earlier in the week so that I could bunk off early to be with Sherlock instead of closing up.  Thankfully, Anderson doesn’t suspect anything and he’s agreed to take on those duties today.  Maybe he’s not such a rubbish employee after all.
“I am Prince William.”
Not that he wanted to clean up after Sherlock...again, but if he wanted to continue to live in 221B, then something had to be done.
Sherlock is sitting with perfect posture, his limbs posed in a studied and controlled way.  “Thank you,” he says.  The words sound incredibly forced to my ear, but the presenters don’t draw attention to it.  They’re probably used to handling all sorts of awkward interviews.
“It is.  It’s very beautiful.”  I reply.  He doesn’t have to know that I’m talking about him and not the bloody garden.
Sherlock pulled himself up to his full height and in a harsh whisper, unleashed his deductions. “The Army was not your intended career path.  Your father was a clockmaker and he was training you to take over his business, but this tutelage ceased unexpectedly, perhaps with his untimely death, no, he became ill and you could not manage the shop so it was sold off.  Instead you went out to seek alternative employment, working odd jobs throughout your teenage years.”
“Not a morning person, then?”  I ask, because I know my perkiness will annoy him.  I can’t sleep anymore, there’s too much energy thrumming through my body.  After two orgasms and a night spent cuddling Sherlock, this is by far the best morning I’ve had in a damn long time and I plan to enjoy every second.
“Of course.”
“My carefully crafted speech deserted me in my time of need and what was left was a line from the Peanuts.  Not that I ever expected to be smooth in my attempt to win back someone like Sherlock, but it was incredibly random even for my low expectations.  It was relevant, at least,” I say with a shrug.  “And then. . . and then we kissed.  A lot.  So much that I nearly never got around to cooking, but eventually I did, and after what I’m sure was a delicious dinner -- don’t really remember or care -- we ended up in my bed.  Do you want me to continue or just let your imagination take it from there?”
“Want to come up?”  As soon as it’s out, I cringe.  It’s like I drew a cheesy pickup line out of a hat.  Smooth, Watson.  I risk a glance at Sherlock’s face.
Greg sighs.  “No, I know it’s not, but this kind of thing didn’t happen to you before he came into your life.  It’s just crazy, innit?  If anything else happens, let me know, okay?”
“I think it’s time you left,
Sherlock mimics me, long limbs stretching cat-like across the sheets.  “Yes, please.”
“News?  About what?”
The stack of dishes on the counter was frankly appalling.  He wasn’t certain that they had any clean dishes remaining in the cupboards.  How did he live like this?  A year ago he had been a military man, used to strict schedules and clean quarters.  Now he lived with a slob, a child, a genius with no concern for others, and his own routines and standards had been shot to hell.
“And who are you?” The redhat to his left asked, unimpressed with being challenged by a civilian.
The Ritz?  Jesus Christ, he really was a posh git. Regardless of the swanky destination, Sherlock was clearly loath to go with the Major, so John decided to join the fight of persuasion. “Is that where you were just headed, Major, the Ritz?  Seems a bit out of the way to end up here.”
They’d pulled onto Grosvenor Place by then and the driver seemed anxious to be rid of his stowaway.  “There’s a side street up ahead.  I’m stopping there, mate, and you better be off.”
“It’s good,” Sherlock offers after a few minutes.  “Thank you for dinner, John.”
“So coarse in your language, Ms. Donovan.  Why would anyone take you seriously as a manager?”
Upon reaching my front door, I take a deep breath and try to push down the knot of anxiety that has formed in my stomach in the last ten minutes, born from a fear of Sherlock no longer being in my flat and to what extremes I would be willing to go in order to find him again.  No, he’ll be there -- the power of positive thinking, Watson.  With determination, I unlock the door, jog up the stairs and let myself into the flat, carrier bags full of groceries hitting my legs.
When he says nothing more, my impatience starts to get the best of me.  “What’s going on, Sherlock?  Why are you here?”
By the time I’m done, my mouth is dry and I desperately wish I had a glass of water.  Greg and Molly are both silent for a beat, causing my nerves to ratchet up.  With a self-conscious squint, I glance up and say, “What do you think?  Good move?”
And then we're interrupted by a knock sounding on the door.
But now that the question of what was to happen next had been asked of him, Sherlock suddenly felt less certain of his determination to get to Trafalgar Square.  Yes, there were an infinite number of things to observe amongst a crowd so large, but all of these people seemed incredibly dull in comparison to the man standing before him.  He doubted that John would care about his list of experiments -- in fact, it was hard to imagine anyone finding the comparative wear patterns on soldiers’ uniforms interesting.  No, John seemed like a man of action, drawn to uncertainty and adventure.
Sherlock went to fix the teapot and John whisked the eggs around the pan with a fork as they started to cook and added a pinch of salt.
“I cannot believe h- this.  It’s entirely unacceptable!”  Sherlock bursts out, anger vibrating through his voice.  It startles me -- I’ve never heard him sound like that.  After a pause, he continues, more collected now, “Unfortunately, these things aren’t too unusual for me, John.  I am sorry that you’ve been subjected to it, however.  But you’ve done the right thing by alerting the police -- I am certain Greg will ensure that it’s taken care of and I will most definitely follow it up on my end.  You shouldn’t be bothered again.”
“Good.  Let me know what you hear so we can quash any future leaks,” the woman says, turning from Mycroft back to Sherlock.  “Well, it’s out now so we need to decide how we want to respond.  We lost our chance of getting out in front of it when you bolted yesterday, Sherlock, so now it’s all about spin.  We can release a short statement addressing the rumours -- they have evidence so we can’t deny it, just ensure that it fits our narrative.  Perhaps gain some sympathy points, which shouldn’t be too hard considering half of the public is already in your corner.”
Mike, with his properly developed level of maturity, says, “We play a game whenever we get together -- the saddest act gets the brownie at the end of the night.  Usually we have to share what makes us more pathetic than the rest of this desperate lot, but yeah, tonight I agree with Greg.  The brownie’s yours, Sherlock.”
"Sherlock!" Greg shouted.
"I strongly advise  you to refrain from insulting my husband ever again or you will have bigger problems than dealing with a loveless marriage and deciding which of your lovers you should take more seriously." The soldier said and Lestrade could have sworn that in that moment John seemed a foot taller than Anderson with his icy stare. "There is no need for such immature insults just because you can't accept that he is smarter, fitter and more handsome than you. Plus that he has people in his life who genuinely love him."
"What now then?" He asked. "How could I possibly avoid your fate?"
Lestrade's jaw almost dropped when he saw it.
"That would be wonderful." John smiled and squeezed his hand again.
He had no idea if there would be less or more trouble with Sherlock now that he had John by his side.
"My Grandfather taught me how to shoot after my parents divorced. You are right about of the injury and I am considering being a soldier."
Sherlock wrapped his tail around John tighter and regarded his companion with worry. It would be John's first winter and Sherlock was worried. The first winter was always a critical point in the stray cats' life. Even himself had barely survived his first cold season. But John had better chances than him. He had a whole Summer to grow and get strong and he had Sherlock by his side who wouldn't let some stupid cold take him away. Not that Sherlock was such an expert, this would only be his second winter.
“I didn’t expect to see you again,” I rush out, slightly breathless.  “Err, not that it isn’t nice to see you, of course.  You’re welcome any time.”
“What’s the question?” I prompt gently.
Well, shit.  After the way things ended, I’m amazed that he turned up here.  We haven’t seen or communicated with each other for months, and yet, in that time, I spent far more time than I care to admit thinking about him, part of that imagining what I’d say to him if I ever saw him again.  In those daydreams, my first words to him were distant, friendly, angry or pleading, depending on the scenario I’d created in my head, but never did I think he would seek me out as a safe place to hide from gossip.  How does he expect me to go along with this?   I scrub my hands at the back of my head and turn away from him, trying to work out how to respond to this request.
“This man. . . does he have something to do with the officer who was chasing us earlier?
With a deep breath, I raise my hand to knock.  Usually I’d go right in, but something about tonight requires a knock.
“And I believe that you’ve got fuck-all to do with me and I highly doubt Sherlock wants you getting involved in his life.”
“Your lunch is served, boss!”  Anderson’s attempt at being upbeat is appreciated but it falls flat nonetheless.
“Oh, fuck off.  There’s enough to go around, even with Cheekbones tagging along.”
An awkward silence falls between us because I don’t quite know what to do with the fact that Sherlock brought something to give to Harry.
⟪I never guess, John. SH⟫
I huff out a laugh and go to perch on the edge of the bed, facing him.  Despite feeling flayed open before him, my lips still twist into a smile when I look up into his face.
With his hand clasped over his nose, Sherlock narrowed his eyes. Never before had he wanted to strike someone so badly as he did the Colonel in that moment. John, however, looked as though his anger had drained away, replaced with annoyance and he stood taller, proud and unapologetic.
And then, it was over.
He gives me a long look, seeming to build up courage before saying, “Some news broke this evening, about me, and as it’s rather scandalous, the press, vultures that they are, have descended upon my flat, as well as my manager’s office, her home and my brother’s house.”
Union Jack bunting was strung across Piccadilly in a never-ending zigzag, the flags dancing gaily in the breeze.  London was lit up in a way it hadn’t been since before the war, before the curfews and the blackout restrictions had taken effect and dampened the city’s nightlife.  Along the pavement, people rushed in all directions - soldiers with arms slung about each other’s shoulders, laughing young women with their hair done up in victory rolls, and even some families allowing their children to stay up late for the occasion.  As the taxi rolled along, John wondered what it would be like to be one of them, carefree and part of it all.
“Oh, John, hi!”  She smiles at me and then her gaze shifts to Sherlock standing behind me and I can see the moment she recognises who he is because her eyes go comically wide.  I completely understand her reaction.
He seems so young and hopeful sitting there in his -- my -- pyjamas, a riot of curls across his forehead, and the sight nearly breaks me, but I force myself to be reasonable.  “Well, erm, that was. . . wow.  Um, I still feel like there’s a lot we need to unpack from all of that, but I appreciate you telling me.  And while I think I understand your perspective a bit better, it doesn't mean that I'm not still royally pissed off with you.  And Mycroft.”  Mainly Mycroft -- what kind of name is that anyway?
It’s early still and the sun is just starting to shine weakly across the floorboards.  Sherlock is curled up in the armchair.  (I’m quickly coming to think of that as his chair -- he looks so perfectly
With a final deep breath for courage, I begin the story.  “Well, after I spent the rest of the afternoon panicking that he would have left and I’d have never seen him again, I got home and he was curled up in my armchair, and I was mostly just relieved to still find him at my flat.”
That could wait.
It's Sherlock who takes the next step and brings reality crashing back around us.
“The most ridiculous night of my life.”
I grumble under my breath as I approach the fence, checking the road one final time before thrusting the envelope through the bars at Sherlock.  “Hold this.”
Sherlock grimaces and replies, “True.  Let’s hope I never reach his level of horrible.”
Sherlock glanced at him in surprise - usually, Sherlock found that people were extremely slow on the uptake, missing details and connections that were so obvious to him.  John, however, kept up easily, the only person he had met in a long while who was not tedious.
Major Lestrade was obviously charged with keeping an eye on the wild prince, and had bungled the job spectacularly. Although knowing Sher--Prince William (he cringed at the correction) as he did, he was not surprised at Lestrade’s trouble with keeping him in line. John had guessed Sherlock was from some kind of noble family, and he’d also said he was “closer in rank to the King” than John and the plebs in the pub, but in reality, he was third in line for the throne! Fucking hell.
John glared at him. “Are you going to command me?”
The food is delicious -- I haven’t ordered from this Indian takeaway in a long time and make a mental note to do so more often.  After a few bites, because it still doesn’t sit right, I ask “So did Sally buy our dinner?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Molly and Sherlock are seated on the sofa, chatting.  He looks relaxed, thank god, and Molly is containing her excitement remarkably well with only a slight flush staining her cheeks to give her away.   Passing Sherlock his glass of wine, I sit on the sofa next to him and try to pick up the thread of the conversation.
Harry
“Just a quiet night for me, I think.”
Behind them, a car beeped.
Sherlock scanned the soldiers in front of him.  The two in the middle were clearly the leaders of the group, one tall and dark and the other stockier with blond hair.  The other two soldiers were laughing, seeming happy to go along with whatever shenanigans they stumbled across.  He touched his forehead and said, “Thanks for the song, chaps!”
Although he’d never admit it, I can tell he’s anxious about today.  If I could, I’d take away all his nerves and worry, but since that’s not possible, I settle for perching on the arm of the chair and running what I hope is a comforting hand across his shoulders, settling it on the back of his neck, skin against skin.
“It does appear very appetising,” Sherlock concurs with a judicious nod, and then continues, “I was highly tempted to devour it all, so you’re lucky I waited for you.”
The messages from my friends are expected, the message from the unknown number is concerning, and the message from Sherlock brings an instant smile to my face.  How is it possible to be so endeared by a text message?  I can just picture him sitting in a meeting with some highfalutin film executives, looking impossibly bored and ignoring them in order to send me texts.  He’s ridiculous.
Sherlock snorted.  “‘Force entrance’?  Are you inclined to exaggeration all of the time?”
“Lead the way,” he says.
We walk in a comfortable silence the rest of the way, my street appearing much more quickly than I’d hoped.  When we reach my door, my nerves ratchet up again and the refrain of
He left Sherlock’s papers and books where they were - after facing Sherlock’s wrath for moving his seemingly random piles (“The Work, John!  How am I supposed to make connections when I can’t locate the test results I need because you’ve ‘tidied’ the flat?”), John had learned to leave that particular job to Sherlock.
Sherlock’s eyes crinkled as he laughed. “True. And if we’re aiming for complete accuracy, then technically I think about kissing you 83.7% of time, at least when I’m awake, but I’m sure the idea of kissing you takes up room in my subconscious so that I dream about it as well, althought that’s harder to measure.”
I potter about the kitchen, pouring milk into the tea and putting a couple satsumas on the tray along with the toast.  It might be pushing my luck with those, but I risk it anyway.
He was dancing with Sherlock to a pop song in the kitchen.  It would have been laughably surreal if he wasn't hyper aware of the fact that his arse was grinding against Sherlock’s groin, pinned in place by those strong hands.  John was gripping the counter in front of him, as if that soapy, chipped formica was all that was keeping him from floating away.  He forced himself to relax his hands and allowed his head to loll to the beat. John shivered as warm lips pressed lightly against the back of his neck.
At Anderson’s exclamation, I suddenly recognise the man standing in front of me -- I’ve seen him on enough magazine covers that it should have been obvious earlier. Now I feel rather ridiculous that it took me so long to place him, but I honestly never expected him to come into my shop. When you see celebrities on telly or film posters, it’s so easy to forget that they’re just people; people who do ordinary things like pop to the shops, meet friends for a drink, and, apparently, patronise independent bookstores.
Greg chuckles at that.  “Yes, she is very, um, ‘Harry’, but she also loves you.  I can see her taking it really seriously, despite being the least serious person I’ve ever met.”
It’s like watching a traffic accident. Except when I see a traffic accident, the emotion I feel isn’t a deep and unrelenting mortification. Why can’t Anderson ever just shut his gob?
“Thank you, John.”
Mike, as usual, cuts to the chase.  “You know it’s inevitable, John.  Might as well make a run for it now!”
Sherlock’s voice has an edge now.  “Yes, while it is important to hear people’s stories, it is perhaps more important to address the social and biological factors that lead to addiction in the first place.  Personal responsibility only goes so far, especially in an industry like this where power imbalances, exploitation and abuse are rife.”
“I am now 30 years old and that is depressing.”
Tearing my mouth away, I push at his shoulders.  “Up,” I command, “Off.  Can’t move.  Want to touch you.”  I need him too much to form complete sentences.
Papa pursed his lips and said nothing, staring hard at his younger son.
Refolding the letter and placing it back in the envelope, John stuffed it in the top drawer of his desk, out of sight and to be considered at another time. He felt wrong-footed, strangely angry, and not a little bit excited.
“Your t-shirt, from the other day.  I’ve had it cleaned.”
people -- for their health and leisure, especially following the industrialisation of Britain.”
“Yeah, of course, mate.  I can be there about seven.”  The bank statement arrived in the post this morning, so I’ve got to go through to make sure everything’s in order after we close up for the day.
Any coherent thought was wiped from his brain and Sherlock’s mind was deliciously blank except for the feeling of John’s mouth on his and his body pressed tightly against him. It was like existing in that murky place between sleep and awake. Sherlock was unsure of how much time had passed - five minutes or five hours - but eventually he pulled away in an effort to avoid, quite literal, lightheadedness from lack of oxygen.
As agreed, I text Sally when I’ve exited Baker Street Station and by the time I’ve walked the short distance to number 221, Sherlock’s landlady, Mrs Hudson, is there to greet me at the door, same as the previous two times I’d been there.  This was a precautionary measure to fool any lurking fans, paparazzi or other members of the press into thinking that I’m a guest of Mrs Hudson instead of Sherlock, thus keeping any potential rumours at bay.  It feels a bit unnecessary, but it’s a small concession to make in order to maintain Sherlock's privacy.
But that is where the Fates stepped in. While John was in a taxi bound for Battersea, a stranger jumped in and demanded that the driver take him to Trafalgar Square. "Sherlock had never ridden in a taxi before,” John says with a laugh, patting Sherlock on the hand. “I think he just assumed he could order anyone about and get what he wanted!”
Sherlock had led the way to the Daimler, always his favourite as it was smaller and easier to handle than some of the larger estate cars, and begun unsnapping the canvas roof to be stowed away at the back of the vehicle. A day like today called for a convertible.
It was busy tonight, as was to be expected, but it felt too vibrant and loud to John. He stood on his tiptoes, peering over shoulders and between bodies to catch a glimpse of that annoyingly curly mop of dark hair.  He was jostled by a man carrying four full pint glasses back to a table in the corner, who threw a ‘sorry, mate’ over his shoulder with a grin.
Silence.
“Trafalgar Square,” he demanded, looking out the window to see Major Lestrade at the fence, staring at the taxi in disbelief.
“No sugar?”
The man opens his mouth to respond, but Sally moves to intercept and redirect Sherlock’s ire.  “He’s right, and you know it, Sherlock.  We can’t control the questions on a red carpet like we can during an interview.”
Sherlock is still quiet as we prepare to go to bed.  We brush our teeth side by side in the small bathroom and Sherlock’s toothbrush joins mine in the holder on the shelf.  I fill a glass with water and follow Sherlock into my (our?) bedroom.  He takes the near side and I walk around the foot of the bed to get to what is now, apparently, my side of the bed.  We lay down and move to find each other, a tangle of clutching limbs, Sherlock’s forehead pressed against my neck.  I listen as his breathing evens out with sleep, but I’m too aware of Sherlock next to me to be tired and instead I lay awake thinking.
Beside him, Irene grabbed his arm and asked “What is it?”
Sherlock sighed. “Do you ever wish that it could be that way always? To do what you want and go where you want without… rules and babysitters?”
Once out on the stair, I close the door behind me, effectively cutting off the noise of all the people inside.  The sudden silence leaves me feeling wrong-footed and alone, a reminder that I am an outsider in this world.  With one final glance at the closed door, I knock my fist against the balustrade and then jog down the steps to make my way home.  Mrs Hudson must have been listening because as soon as I reach the bottom, she’s at her door.
The buzzer goes and I nearly drop the teacup that I’ve been staring into for god knows how long.  I hurry over to the door and press the button to the intercom.
Greg chokes on a poorly-timed sip of coffee and sputters out a laugh.  “You did what?”
Breathing hard, John cursed under his breath.  Half an hour ago, he was on his way to a warm house and a soft bed, but now he was stranded in a strange area without transportation and a long way from Battersea.  John placed his hands on his knees and tried to regulate his breathing, chest aching, as he began to assess his option for getting home now.  Straightening up once he was no longer gasping for air, John began to move towards a well-lit street in the distance.
To his relief, John snorted. “Girlfriend?  No, not with my luck. Who’d take an interest in me, anyhow, an invalid who walks like an old man?” John gave a small, self-deprecating laugh and then continued, “I was on my way to my sister’s flat.  To escape, really.”
John did not appear to be in a hurry. Instead, he gently traced his fingertips along Sherlock’s cheekbones, across his ear and eventually tangled them in his curls at the nape of his neck, drawing Sherlock’s head down in the process. John was so close now, their breath mingling in the air between them. Sherlock felt dizzy, but he sensed that John, ever the gentleman, was waiting for him to take the next step, not wanting to push Sherlock beyond where he was comfortable.
Sherlock’s lips quirked up into a surprised smile.
I throw my hands up in the air.  “But that is exactly what he wants!  If you go, he wins, this crazy stalker of yours wins!  The police are on it, we can do something to figure out who he is and get a restraining order or something.”
Today I feel like I should do more than straighten the books and clean the shelves, however, so I sit at the counter and pore over a rather pathetic list of ideas for our next sales push that Anderson and I compiled during a lull yesterday.  I cross out every other idea.  So many of them sounded moderately doable when I wrote them down, but now I recognise them to be completely useless.  I blame Anderson.  Setting it aside as a bad job, I push my glasses up my nose and retrieve a couple of boxes from our latest shipment, preparing to do a stock check and get the books out onto the shelves.
I kind of feel like I’m on that programme at the moment.  Dropped down on a stage, the audience shouting out ideas for a scene (“ordinary bloke out on a date with a famous actor”) and now I have to fumble my way through it, despite not having any idea of what comes next in this scenario.
Closing my eyes, I force myself to count backwards from twenty so I don’t do something foolish, like throttle him.
“I haven’t seen you for ages!  You want your usual?” she asks, grinning back at me.
This situation has taken on another level of sinister since the text messages.  That man clearly has power and influence and some sort of possessive fixation on Sherlock.  I wonder if Sherlock has had encounters with him before or if he’s just been watching from afar, after all he’s been texting me about my connection to Sherlock and not Sherlock himself.  He clearly thinks he can scare me off, to keep me away from Sherlock, but why is that his goal?  It’s as though he views anyone who gets close to Sherlock as a threat, but a threat to what?  That’s what I don’t understand.  It really isn’t his business if Sherlock and I are dating, if that’s what we’re doing.  But he seems to think it is, and his final words, that he’d be watching, leave me feeling uneasy.
“I don’t know.  He didn’t want to talk about it.”
The blush explodes across my face and I shoot a disbelieving grin at Greg.  “I know, Greg.  I fucking know.”
Sherlock looked at him, mischief in his eyes. “We’ll just have to work on that then. I am an excellent teacher, John.”
“No, I have already saluted, Colonel.  Besides I am not currently on duty, it is VE Day, and you’ve just insulted my friend.”
Some dim part of my mind recognises that we’re basically groping each other in public, but he feels too bloody marvelous to stop.  I’m now crushed against him, Sherlock’s arms holding tightly around my shoulders, pink rose clutched in one hand.  As Sherlock’s mouth attacks mine with single-minded intent, I grab hold of his belt loop as an anchor point, lest I be swept away.
Not backing down, John maintained eye contact until Sherlock gave a jerky nod and said, “My apologies.”
Kettle full, Sherlock returned and John struck a match to light a second burner.
With a nod, Walters continued fussing, adding a heaping teaspoon of sugar to Sherlock’s before placing the cups of tea at their elbows and wheeling the trolley away to rest near the wall.
The weeks blur together as life resettles around me.
“Can I borrow your mobile?  I need to send a text.”
“John?” Sherlock says, turning to me with an expectant look.  “Are you throwing your hat in for the brownie?”
Sally pipes up, missing the significance of my reply, “He’s right.  You never eat enough, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s mouth pulled into a small vee of a suppressed grin.  “Yes, I do think that may be possible.”
I give her a smacking kiss on the cheek and then pull her in for a hug.  “Happy birthday, Harriet.  You’re officially old.”
“A novel, perhaps. I’ve not written anything since school, but it was my favourite subject, despite being told that it would get me nowhere.”
Papa did not rise to the jab, unsurprising as they had guests. Instead he simply waited patiently for Sherlock to answer.
“You can dance, though, can’t you? You look like a dancer, all tall and lean and graceful. Besides, posh boys like you probably learn to waltz as soon as you can walk.”
I find walking is the best way to clear my head.  It goes back to the endless hours I spent marching in the Army; after awhile my brain just seems to drift and I follow wherever my feet take me.  When I first got back to London, I spent long days (and some nights) just wandering the city.  If I was walking, taking in the lights and the traffic and the overwhelming reminder that life goes on, then I was able to keep the persistent darkness that lurked in the corners of my mind at bay, I could get up in the morning and face another day.  The walking used to drive Mary mental.  Years later, the habit is still there.
As much as he wanted to hold onto his anger, John realised that Sherlock was right. He probably wouldn’t have understood. There was no way for Sherlock to just go out on the town and have a bit of a drink and a laugh when he was Prince William. And, if John really considered it, he probably got to know Sherlock better than anyone else outside his family due to the freedom of him not being “royal” for the night.
“This is the second time today I’ve witnessed you in a curse-laden outburst,” rumbles a familiar baritone.
“What were you eating yesterday?” he asks, slightly scandalised.
With a grumbled curse under my breath, I quickly follow after her and by the time I get to the sitting room, she’s dumped the newspapers on the coffee table and is scrolling through her phone.  “It’s all over the Daily Mail, obviously.  They’ve already got six different articles up about you -- they’ve been hoping for something like this for years.  Arseholes.  The Sun, too, of course, and TMZ.  People jumped on board this morning.  They’re a bit more sympathetic to you than the others, but not by much.”
I’m reminded of his comment about Sherlock Holmes being a role he plays, and I want to reassure him.  He deserves to be certain I’m not here because of his fame.  “I know, Sherlock.  And to be honest, I am pretty sure I thought all of those things the first time we spoke, before I even recognised who you were.  And, I must contradict you because I know for a fact that what’s going on in my brain cannot even remotely rival yours.”
Well, that’s that then.  He’s really gone.
“It’s none of their business.  They’re vultures,” Sherlock all but snarls.
I like it here though. The few friends I have are nearby -- there’s Greg, a copper who often seems just as disenchanted with life as I am, but he tends to hide it better, and Molly, a friend from university, who spends her days in the morgue at St. Bart’s. She is now married to Greg, but let it be known that she was my friend first. There’s Mike, another university friend and a doctor, and the one in our group that is most adept at making sensible decisions. And, of course, my baby sister Harry, whose life seems to be a string of unfortunate decisions but we love her anyway.
John paused his washing up to indulge in his dance.  Gripping the counter with his right hand, he dropped his hips lower, twisting in smooth figure-eights.  His left hand drawing random shapes in the air.  It was his attempt at being alluring, although no one in their right mind would ever describe him as such.  John was plain.  John was dependable.  John was approaching true middle age.  Alluring was a word reserved for tall, slim, attractive people with mysterious eyes and ridiculous cheekbones.  Sherlock was alluring, although admittedly only when he wanted to be and it suited him, usually to some questionable end.
We climb the stairs, me in front, Sherlock following behind, just like that first day we met.  When we enter my flat, I shuck my jacket from my shoulders and hang it on one of the pegs in the hall.  Sherlock follows suit, divesting himself of his long coat and scarf, placing them on the peg next to mine.  I stare at our outerwear for a moment, hanging side by side, before shaking myself of the fanciful thoughts that start cropping up in my head and striding into the kitchen.
“Yeah, for a bit. Why?”
Whatever Sherlock’s plan, there was no stopping it.
“Oh, yes.  Of course!” I flick the kettle to boil again and grab two cups from the draining board.  “How do you take it?”
“Honestly, John, is food your top priority right now?”
“It says ‘To Philip Anderson, Your mere presence is enough to make me despair for the future of humanity.’ And if you have no other annoying questions, I think I’ll be off.” He walks towards the door, coat swirling around him, and stops with his hand on the handle, turning back to look at me, grey eyes reverting to some of their earlier warmth, “Good day, John.”
At his shoulder, he could sense Mycroft’s approach but refused to give his brother the satisfaction of acknowledging him.  Instead Sherlock focused on trying to identify the types and quantities of alcohol being served, making note of them in his mind in case the information was useful later.  He could sense Mycroft becoming impatient and Sherlock’s lips pulled into a small smile.
“How would you do that?”
“No, Collins.  This is perfect.  I am not Prince William tonight, you must remember.  I am simply Sherlock, a common Londoner out celebrating V-E Day.  No one must recognise me!” Sherlock was practically giddy at the prospect of donning a disguise.  Granted, he still looked very much like himself, but he hoped that his informal dress and the fact that no one expected him to be in the streets would be enough to prevent him from being identified as royalty.
John snorted. ‘You never do the washing up.”
Three months later.
Reentering the kitchen, he flaps his hand dismissively.  “I’ve lost any sense of professional concern over knowing my schedule.   Whatever it is, it will be dull.”  He sits down heavily at the table and scrubs his hands through his hair, his curls becoming wilder than usual.  I stir a teaspoon of sugar into his tea and place the cup in front of him, dropping a kiss into his mad hair as I lean down.
I take Sally’s advice and settle into the armchair and waste some time playing a word search game on my phone while the others bustle around me.  After a while, Sherlock appears wrapped in a dressing gown, and they flock to him, chattering a stream of questions and demands.  He notices me immediately, however, and ignores them.  “John!” he exclaims, eyes alight with mischief, and I find myself with a lapful of Sherlock Holmes.
“Sherlock Holmes.  Well, I’ll be damned.”  Greg shakes Sherlock’s hand as well and then turns back to me.  “Johnny, I thought you were bringing a date, not a celebrity!”
He nodded. “Fine.”
John laughed and took the flask, unscrewing the top and pausing before he took a sip, his eyes meeting Sherlock’s over the top.  “You little sticky-fingered thief!”
He saw some of the officers hunching their shoulders, crossing their arms to hide their front even when they were covered with their camouflage uniforms. All of them self conscious.
Greg frowned, more alert now that John was mentioned. "There is none. They met only once and only for a few minutes. They barely talked actually."
The one with the gun shot wound lead him out while the junkie and the tortured one started to argue about something Sherlock didn't care about in that moment. Though he was suprised to find that they annoyed him. Also he didn't like the sound of his voice. Did he always sound like that? And was he also this annoying to the others'?
"What happened Mycroft?" Sherlock asked and when his brother didn't answer immediately his control over his emotions loosened. "Damn it Mycroft! What do you know? Tell me!" He shouted and this time Lestrade could clearly hear the panic, fear and concern in it.
"Oh, come on-"
All of them regarded him with narrowed eyes and Sherlock looked back with a fierce look. “I need your help.” He announced simply.
"I always covered it with my scarf, no need for you lot to see it."
Suddenly he was pushed against the door by his throat. "So you arrive back in time. You reach him before he gives up!" He sneered into his face. They locked eyes and Sherlock saw the guilt, the hopelessness, the determination and grief behind the insanity.
"Khm." Lestrade jolted from suprise when Sherlock cleared his throat.
"No need. We can mange."
The eyes roamed over him and narrowed, then with a shrug turned back to the wall.
Sherlock snorted. “I could hardly believe it’s anything serious. Last week you ordered the Cupids to try to shoot me.” He said and smirked as he thought back how he avoided the numerous arrows. “When will you learn to give up on this idiotic quest?”
"You are right." Greg sighed. "Last time I saw him he was on the verge of a panic attack."
"John? What happened to John?" He didn't want to know. God, he had far too much images planted in his mind just from the three stories he heard, but he had to know. He had to know so those images wouldn't become reality for him.
"Oh, that was me." John srugged and winced. "He won't answer you because he says that he has no time for cases. I however thought that you were just worried."
"Anderson, God help you if you don't shut up and give it back-"
Greg looked at the first picture and he couldn't help feeling something warm in his chest as he stared at it.
Greg hanged back and with a proud smile crossed his arms in front of his chest.
Moments later they were running across London in a mad chase and Sherlock had never felt so alive.
A mad giggle left his mouth. "It's always the same. The only thing which changes is when do we screw up our last chance of happy ending with John. You are the first we find alive. That's way we kidnapped you. We can't let you mess it up too. We want peace."
"Sherlock, love." John spoke up softly. Lestrade glanced at him. The soldier was regarding his husband with a broken look. Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep breathe. "Calm down. It's alrig-"
Then he grabbed Sherlock's hand and pulled him away. Sherlock had an equally smug and proud smile on his face as he followed John.
“I prefer to text.” He said and glanced briefly at the blond man. He was following the conversation with interest.
Sherlock nodded his eyes tightly closed, probably holding back tears. "I'll be here."
“I love him. There I said it. Now you can go and be happy that you cursed me. Yes, cursed because he doesn’t love me. He never will. Congratulation, you managed to fuck up my existence because you just couldn’t be content with the possibility that there might be someone who is immune to your powers.” He finished and in the end he was breathing heavily.
"We are all you from different dimensions. Most of our world is simillar to yours but with a different ending and outcomes. You have already passed several... checkpoints and-"
"Look at the suit case. There is no phone!"
As they kissed Greg busied himslef by trying to hold Gladstone back, who now was ready to pounce on John, to give them a moment.
"What do you want me to do? It's not like John Watson loves me back!"
Sherlock after a moment caught up to him. They walked side by side for a few moments then John linked their hands together. Sherlock at that tensed at first but then squeezed  back and relaxed.
He climbed out of the car and walked up to Mycroft Holmes with an annoyed expression.
The room went silent as Sherlock threw himself down on a bench in the far corner. He was already in his camouflage clothes which the paintball arena provided for all of them.
Silence hang in the air, only Sherlock's short breaths could be heard.
Anderon scoffed as they came closer. "Finally found an actor  who would show his face in public with a freak like you?"
"I didn't ask for a cab, send it away."
Sherlock looked back at the others more curious than before. What could have happened that upset him so badly.
He gulped and enetered the room. He spotted the younger man sitting in his armchair with Gladstone in his lap. Sherlock was hugging the dog to himself. Like it was the only anchor in his nightmare.
“That’s a bit extreme.” Holmes said, contorting his face in partial disgust.
Sherlock stayed in that position for about fifteen minutes, then suddenly adjusted to a normal sitting position, glancing around the room and then reaching for his violin as if there weren’t a sizeable bruise on his left cheek along with some scrapes.
“Morning, boss,” Anderson says, walking into the office and hanging his jacket on one of the hooks on the back of the door.  “Have a good weekend?”
I interrupt him.  “Where are you right now?”
“Just a few customers and Anderson, but he doesn’t touch this programme -- he doesn’t have the log-in details.”
The rest of the meal is strained and we eat mostly in silence.
“What was that all about?  Make some new friends?”
I don’t know how he puts up with it.  I can’t imagine my life being continually disrupted by fans and paparazzi and journalists.  The thought of having my personal life splashed across newspapers and websites to be discussed and judged by the faceless masses makes me cringe with discomfort and a small amount of fear.
It was a warm afternoon, one of those that indicated that the bitter winds of winter were firmly behind them for another year. The tree-lined avenue in front of the palace was quiet but for a few ambling pedestrians, out enjoying the sunshine. The trees themselves appeared to be rejoicing in the warmer weather as well, with small green buds visible on the branches, soon to be a leafy green canopy.
“At seven.”
“A comic book.”
“I told you this afternoon that I would enjoy myself immensely, and I did.  It was a good evening.”
John tumbled the name around his head for a moment.  Sherlock?  Odd.  “John,” he replied, “John Watson.”
After a narrow escape from the Curzon Club, more adventure awaits Sherlock and John.
Charlie is digging here, pushing for Sherlock to admit something on live television that can’t be taken back.  I clench my hands into fists where they rest on my thighs.
Mycroft sniffs.  “Oh, please, Sherlock.  Can we do without the childish insults today?  I do believe there are bigger issues to address.”
A little trespassing and a lot of fluff.  Whoops!
Determined to maintain some of his usual brooding mysteriousness after the blatant eagerness the moment before, Sherlock merely tilted his head, raising an eyebrow in challenge, and jumped down from the statue.  At the bottom, he waited for John to clamber down beside him and set off to the west, John following closely behind.
At lunchtime, I give in to my curiosity and pull up the BBC News app on my phone to read their coverage.  The tone of the article is so dismissive and impersonal, like Sherlock is just a commodity to be sold and discarded instead of a human being who should be valued, someone with flaws and insecurities, yes, but also strength and brilliance and hopes for the future.  I make it halfway through the article before closing the app and slapping my phone down on the counter.
~~one o’clock in the morning~~
Their story begins with a chance meeting on V-E Day and weaves through the next six decades as one of the most enduring - and secretive - of royal romances. But as Prince William and his long-time partner John Watson tell
, his mind supplied.
I snort out out a laugh and take a bite.
Sherlock pulls on his trouser leg and crosses his legs, and I feel like I’m analysing every slight movement and intake of breath, but still his face gives nothing away.
John clapped him on the shoulder. “Let’s get some food into you, Sir.”
The others nodded in agreement, but Ste said, “Woulda been fun t’ go in though.”
I feel like a right idiot -- my only excuse being that I was too caught up in the whirlwind that is Sherlock.  “Yes,” I admit, grudgingly.
“Mm, I don’t know, Greg.  Not your best effort.”  Mike says.  “Mols, what’ve you got?”
I cough.  “Um, no, that’s okay.  I’ll just wait.”
“This is me,” I tell him and indicate the door marked with a five.  Whenever I see films where the main character fumbles their keys when trying to open the door, I always wonder how it’s possible to be that inept, but it feels like a real possibility right now so force myself to focus as I insert the key into the lock.
I spend much of that time alternating between fretting and raging.  I text Sherlock twice, but he doesn’t respond.
“We were trying to be supportive of his decision. . .” Molly begins, but Greg cuts her off.
“A bit not good, I know.”  He smiles briefly, trying to brush it off with charm, but uncertainty creeps into his eyes.
John rolled his eyes and started moving again, practically running across Chelsea Bridge. He was breathing hard and his leg twinged painfully. John grunted when he remembered his cane was lost. He pushed on, certain that he wouldn’t be followed much farther once he reached the other side. Surely between the two of them, Lestrade and Prince Henry would have wrangled Prince William into a taxi before long.
He’d hoped to be reassured by the sight of his Prince, but that wasn’t the case. All he wanted to do was rush out of the crowd and shield Sherlock from the onslaught of the nation’s grief, reflected back at him from every mourner along the road. Shaking his head to clear it of such an impossible plan, John focused on sending sympathetic thoughts through the ether with the ridiculous idea that they may reach Sherlock and give him some comfort.
“Yes, well, it’s in the past.”  He flapped a dismissive hand to distract from the flush he was certain was creeping up his cheeks. “Come on, John.  I need a better vantage point.”
The driver nodded.  “I’d say I’d like the same, but tonight’s an opportunity for cabbies like me.  Lots of money to be made now that the war’s over and people willing to dole out for a taxi after years of walkin’.  Be drivin’ ‘til sunrise, I expect!”
“I’m not sure.” He said, not trying to walk around her anymore. He figured she’d step aside when she’d gotten the answer she wanted.
“Did he say which organs were affected?” Holmes called back up to John, who was quickly trying to follow him – putting a jacket on and hoping it wasn’t cold enough for his hair to freeze to his head.
“Any idea where he was headed?” Lestrade asked, making John’s panic set in.
A full week. A full seven days. He sat in that chair, badly needing a massage, food, and a big glass of water, but he wouldn’t leave.
John Watson had been granted a second chance.
“Get out of here.” Sherlock growled and his tone would have shaken Zeus with its coldness.
"No and if something like this happens he usually writes a short email in the next 24 hours."
"Well at least from my experiments we know something."
It was darkening already and Sherlock calculated that he would have to spend two hours without John in the flat if he kept up with his pace.
"So do you bring dates here often?" John asked probably puzzling over the fact that Angelo called him Sherlock's date which he didn't deny just awkwardly looked around the restaurant. That action gave Sherlock hope, but he quickly pushed the feeling down, knowing that John was in a relationship.
Ignoring Letrade's protests he walked up to John, discarding the blanket carelessly into one of the police cars.
Without giving either of them a chance to say another word Sherlock rushed down the stairs, black coat billowing around him like a cape, and shouted back at Lestrade that he should hurry up if he wanted to catch his murderer.
John frowned. "Everything alright?"
Thoughts were running through Sherlock's mind with lightning speed and he was only interrupted by Anderson.
“Boring!” He suddenly said, not wanting to hear the details. “Let’s go out tonight.”
Greg couldn't help but feel hurt. He thought that Sherlock and him were close enough that they wouldn't leave the other one in the dark about such important things.
Sherlock picked him up again, enjoying that he could carry him though the orange cat demanded to be put down once they were on the ground again. Fortunately the dog was long gone by then.
With that in mind Sherlock started to leave.
"We need to raid Sherlock's flat."
"Sorry, Sir. Whose?"
"This goes both ways." Lestrade's tone was distressed.
"Everyone shut up! Just shut up! Anderson turn away your face is putting me off!"
Greg cleared his throat and rubbed the back of his neck. He had no idea where to put his hands. Normally where does he hide them? God he felt so small.
Lestrade was on his tip toes, one of his hand on Philip's shoulder, the other one reaching for the letter. In the monetary froze he quickly grabbed it and turned to John and Sherlock with am awkward cough.
Then his dog did something Greg never though he would see because of the fact that Sherlock was very petty about the dogs who he tolerated. But then he
"No." Sherlock whispered quietly. No. No. NO. John Watson wasn't allowed to die. Not now. Not ever. "H-how?"
But his words were cut off by a cloth covering his mouth and nose. Though if there hadn't been any cloth he would have probably stopped talking due to shock. Because the last thing he saw were his captors.
"I don't want you to hang around Sherlock Holmes."
"So did I get anything wrong?"
"Yeah, she is like a sister to me, but I did broke up with my girlfriend tonight."
He waited for John to regain the ability to speak and nervously took a slip of his water.
"No." He whispered quietly and Lestrade cursed at himself for bringing it up when he heard the fear and worry in the younger man's voice.
As soon as everything registered Sherlock let out the air he had been holding unconsciously in a big whoosh. He tried to listen to the advice and not to overthink everything. He closed his eyes and he leaned back, his head bumping softly agianst the wall, trying not to get into overload by the sheer impossibility of the situation.
“I love him.” He said simply. At that most of them looked at him in disbelief. The man of logic had fallen in love. It looked like everything was possible. “I need him in my life. He is the balance I need. The brain and the heart.”
They were so screwed.
Fortunately for Molly and unfortunately for Sherlock there was still a free table in the corner of the place, otherwise it was full of university students, doctors, nurses or patients.
As they started to head back to Sherlock and Mycroft's sleeping place it started raining more heavily, therefore they picked up speed and they arrived in no time. Mycroft was already there glaring up at the sky.
It was the end of November when John and Sherlock were walking down the streets searching for something to eat. Though Sherlock planned to give every food he find to John.
No! He couldn’t let himself to have a breakdown now. Not when John’s life was hanging on the balance. He needed to think. Yes, thinking, that was a good start. Expect it didn’t help at all. Moriarty left no clue he could follow. Nothing to go on. He couldn’t do this alone, he needed help.
And it wasn't a nobody next to her. No. It was Lestrade's son.
At the scene the officers shuffled awkwardly. Sherlock shook his head and closed his magnifier with click and stood up.
Eurus was the first one to react. “Watch out Holmes or the east wind will come and get you.” He snarled. Sherlock never got why he was so protective of Eros.
"But we can do something about that." And with a flick of his hand Anthea stepped to them.
"Magnussen. A blackmailer. He was my new case, my distraction and fake reason to be back to drugs after the wedding. I was using for a month when John found me accidently. I was high and he wasn't happy." At the sad chuckle that left the other's mouth Sherlock's stomach plummeted to the ground. "I wonder if it had been better if he didn't find me. He wouldn't have gotten killed by my slowness. I could have ended up like him. Dying in my own ditch somewhere while blissfully unaware of the world." He gestured at the junkie who -Sherlock deduced- overdosed before John got to him.
"How the-?" Lestrade started as he stood up and pulled Donovan up too. "We thought you were there." He pointed over his shoulder where Anderson disappeared.
Then suddenly the woman was up and going. Dragging John with her.
"Try not to overload, would you?"
"How do you think I have a husband?" Sherlock asked with a glare.
The third one took a wary breath and spoke up.
She let out a mocking laugh. "You?" She pointed at Sherlock. "Are married?"
Sherlock hated that his brother was always keeping an eye on him by ordering one of the other cats to watch him. He wasn't a kitten anymore, but unfortunately Mycroft couldn't get it through his thick head.
"Sherlock!" Lestrade growled and tried to get the remote from under his paws but he efficiently pushed it off the table and let it fell under the sofa. Lestarde at this sighed and rubbed his forehead. He glanced at his unusualy eager dog with his leash in mouth. Sherlock's tail was moving side to side in obvious excitement.
"It's still ridiculous that he actually married him." Anderson said as he entered. Lestrade scolded at him.
"Who is my admirer?" He asked instead, he only got some mumbling as an answer. "Maybe you are dying, but I can still cause you pain." With that he stepped onto the wound.
Sherlock frowned and sat back in his chair and regarded him up and down, searching for something. "I have more important things to think of." He said with a blank face.
“Mike, may I use your phone?” He asked and looked back at the microscope.
Sherlock was looking down to their feet, one hand clutching John's pants at his thigh in a death grip. The other hand was golding Gladstone's leash as the dog laid across their laps. Looking up to his masters sadly, sensing that this was a sad time.
