Stark actually looked excited and Natasha's heart broke a little when she saw Stark's reaction when she told him that Peter had been kidnapped five years ago.
"Huh." Tony blinked. "Well, can't say I expected that. There's really nothing you liked me better as a cat?"
Peter and Harley ran over to Tony and Steve. Peter hugged Tony and didn't let go so Harley walked over to Steve and stayed by him.
"Not that you never gave the tools to him," Tony added hastily towards May. "It just - you know, you gave him the best you could." May smiled lightly.
Peter's wings had been picking up speed since Harley showed up. They were still slow and still stopped but when ehtye were going they went for at least an hour.
They also gained another two Avengers after gaining Wanda and Pietro. One was created to substitute Ultron with his Sentries but ended up being nice. He chose his name as Vision (It sounded like JARVIS so JARVIS wouldn't speak to him for a while until Tony convinced him that Vision was fine).
Peter shifted in the car, feeling antsy and his leg started to jiggle. May looked surprisingly calm but Peter could tell she was freaking out. The car started moving and Peter began to scan around, searching for a way out.
Quicksliver and Scarlet Witch were in the corners, probably certain that Peter couldn't see him but he had enhanced senses that no one knew about. It seemed as though Ant-Man, Black Panther, Captain Marvel, and the Wasp were missing but Peter didn't expect everyone to be there.
Peter's room was about a rectangle size and was about 40 feet long, 30 feet wide, and 20 feet tall. He had designed a mini library and tinkering space to the left and Tony had helped fill it with technology.
"Wait, I thought Mr. Stark was dating Captain America?" Peter looked at her and Black Widow considered that.
One of them was a hero named Spider-Man. He wasn't wearing the best suit and took a shining to Steve and Tony right away. He seemed to adore both of them and even though Steve thought Tony might act arrogant, he didn't. Instead he adapted to Spider-Man. He let Spider-Man make him laugh and almost change him into a different man.
Natasha huffed at him while Steve started to speak from the couch. "You guys have to figure out how to co-parent with May."
Tony was staring after where Peter had left. He then turned to Natasha, licking his lips. "So that went well."
He made it to an area where cars surrounded him. But cars that were more high tech when a man stepped out. His wings were like insect wings and were dark brown. He said his name was Nick Fury and that he had been asleep for almost seventy years.
"I second that!" Clint spoke up, nodding. Scott, Hope, and Rhodey were nodding with both of them. Bruce was also in the living room and seemed to debate it for a moment before nodding with the others.
Because it would mean it was Tony's own fault, but what would it matter, anyway, if Tony was dead nonetheless, if...
Then, Steve got up, not a protective ball of resentment anymore – still there, of course, but less... – and hugged Iron Man before Tony could react. Not that he could tell what exactly this supposed reaction would have been, or should have entailed.
Not wrong, but, Steve, and then what? They'd remain on the run forever and ever? If there really was a piece of advice to give Luke and Murdock, it would be to stick to crowded places, or at least to places where there would be people present to see whatever would happen, because even if Steve doubted Hill's limits – and, okay, she brought it on herself, and by association on Tony too, and wasn't that a riot? – he had to realize SHIELD would not gun them down in front of witnesses when they weren't even doing anything, at least not as long as Registration still had to pass. If he actually wanted to resist in public, it'd have to be by showing everyone that no, they weren't a threat, they could control themselves, and, more than that, they were trying to stay within the law, as long as said law wasn't completely out of it. Not by making them look like fugitives.
The reminder of times past, when he still believed he might have a place to belong, should he only provide it to those who would accept him – turned out they'd rather take it and throw him out, but that was another story.
When he decided to continue being Iron Man, Tony certainly hadn't expected that he'd have to whore himself out in that identity too – luckily, all this “whoring out” was purely metaphorical, as the ambassador wasn't exactly his type.
Steve didn't even respect him enough to consider that maybe he was, if not a good man, at least not a bad man.
Like, yeah, of course, not that he didn't know about Steve's feelings for Iron Man, but there had been slightly more important things going on at the moment, and really, it wasn't like it was that important, a sloppy séance of mouth-to-mouth between two dying men when Steve had to have better memories of actual kisses.
“This is exactly why there needs to be an Avengers team. If the old Avengers don't want to, if they can't, then let's try these new ones. Like we always have.”
But that didn't matter, did it? Steve would have been happy, and not here trying to make sense of a new century, of several decades lost, of friends deceased.
A sarcastic comment about how CPR was usually done did not make it past his lips for various reasons, the first of which was that indeed, Steve had been – barely, but – conscious at that time and Tony couldn't help feeling cold and clammy as he considered once again that maybe Steve remembered something – just enough to...
They were wearing SHIELD uniforms, but one of them – at least – was a skrull and Tony just didn't understand why a skrull was wearing a SHIELD uniform for a long moment of confusion – was it, perhaps, one of the expats who actually liked the Earth? There was one in London, he thought, so it was a possibility, but...
See, Steve wasn't actually Iron Man's friend. If he had been, he'd have no problem being Tony's friend, too. Tony couldn't help but wonder about who exactly Cap expected Iron Man to be, about how disappointed he'd be if he was finally shown that it wasn't Iron Man at all, if one day, Tony had to destroy this idea of Iron Man that was in Steve's head because it was the only way to do what was right, even if Cap wouldn't be able to see that.
They were in a big room that was barely lit with a greenish ligth, and Tony caught sight of dozens of sleeping pods with – with people in them, as in, humans, not Skrulls, because why would they be sleeping in humanoid form if they were skrulls? Tony froze as they walked by – was that Hank? Oh God, it was Hank, and what the hell was happening – he really didn't want to consider what his brain was already trying to piece together, especially as they had measures against skrull-impersonation and if no one had noticed then it meant...
Sure, it wasn't like anyone would be arrogant to think they hadn't killed people they didn't remember killing, it was like, a basic reaction to that kind of accusations, but in the end, that didn't matter, did it? They were still dead, and he'd still done it, one way or another. It didn't matter that no one else would have reacted differently, because in the end he'd been wrong, and more people had died – Lemar, Karzai, he hadn't wanted them dead, but all in all it wasn't like they didn't deserve it, and surely a number of their troops too, but there had to have been idiots down there with them, people who thought they were doing what was right and hadn't yet been made guilty of anything, and all of them, all of them were dead, no exception, no second chances, just, dead.
For once, Cap didn't immediately sneer a “right” at him, and Tony waited, warily, for what would come next. Maybe Steve was just biding his time. Maybe he was keeping the sneer for later, for a comment that he'd think particularly well thought-out, except it would be so far out the window it would just make Tony long for a brandy.
He raised his hands and laughed a bit, weakly, not that he had any idea how that sounded from outside the armor.
Yeah, good idea. Then Steve could start hating Iron Man for having “forced” him to betray himself, his beliefs, and his ideals. Still, a price Tony could pay, if that was what it took. He could, after all, cook something up, and get Steve in a position as high as his own as far as SHRA was concerned. Not that difficult, if Captain America got his head out of his ass and agreed to it – Kooning and the President would love the PR.
More than that, even without putting Steve's morals in doubt, there was still the issue of those people he was currently associating himself with, who weren't necessarily as reluctant to do what they deemed justified when push came to shove, and, worse than that, worse than those of their mutual friends who could be a bit more pro-active than Steve himself... Well. Steve's principles were all and fine, except they wouldn't stop people from associating themselves with Steve and his ideals, even against Steve's will.
Two meters away on the left, three screens down, the video of how that very same woman – he recognized the voice, now – had proven that the person he'd have to trust was, obviously, not her, or else she wouldn't be trying to steal from him. Not particularly surprising, people loved to berate him when he didn't trust them fully and without question and then they acted as if it was his fault when he trusted someone – or not, for that matter – and it turned out they were snivelling bastards.
What if... If – again, a big if – he wasn't the one with a problem – aside from all the other problems the situation was causing him, that was – if someone was orchestrating all this...
A female skrull – at least that was what the fact she even had hair led him to conclude – appeared before the energy wall, looking directly at him for a change, and...
He nearly dropped his negator at the frankly absurd idea that Tony Stark and Iron Man were an item. First of all because Tony Stark was publicly as straight as the razors of old, second because as Iron Man he had been careful not to be that enthusiastic when talking about his secret identity. When he even talked about it.
Steve gritted his teeth – harder – and did not answer. This wasn't the moment to discuss this – and it wasn't someone he wanted to discuss it with. Not when he was already busy trying to find out where the hell Tony had disappeared to.
Steve, one arm with the shield on it in the air again, aiming for yet another strike, froze. His eyes were wide open, his jaws working soundlessly.
Steve lay down next to him, and not long after Tony felt a hand searching for his, fingers entrelacing – and he went along, because no matter how selfish it might turn out to be, right now he couldn't deal with the low, dull pain in his chest and reject Steve's comfort at the same time.
Because if he didn't, and something happened, it would be on him. At least, this way, he'd have tried.
And shit. There went his – unlikely, but you could always hope – idea that maybe Kang had done something – with Kang, there was no point extrapolating too much – with the timeline and that was what got on Steve's nerves.
Just the other day, one of Tony's employees, Kenny, had tried to kill him – almost killed Jarvis, too – because he didn't support SHRA and the use of some of his designs in units which dealt with superpowered rogues. Yet another hypocritical stance, given the guy casually made antimatter bombs and thought there shouldn't be any kind of regulations at the same time. A fine mess which almost opened a black hole – well, not quite, but you got the meaning – at the top of the Tower before the guy got shot down by Lockhart. And sure, Steve probably hadn't wanted that to happen, especially not to Jarvis – to be honest, to anyone, but Tony Stark was special just like that, so he wasn't quite sure that, had he died, him and him alone, Steve wouldn't have simply shrugged it off, what a shame, but at least now it's done – except it had happened anyway, and it'd happened in Captain America's name.
In itself, someone possessing an assault rifle wasn't doing anything wrong, and it wasn't a problem. The problem was that you couldn't know if that person wouldn't one day walk into a crowd and aim at people for whatever reason they thought justified their actions, especially not if you didn't ask any question when they'd gone and bought the rifle.
“Anyway. I talked to him, and, it was... It was him. It wasn't... something else. Of course, I still thought, even as I noticed that, that Extremis was doing something to him, that it was inhibiting his better qualities, or that it was making him drunk on power, or...”
Tony Stark, on the other hand, would still come by, would still be Steve's friend if he ever got there, even when Iron Man would be out of comission. And perhaps between the two of him – oh God, what a weird way to think – Tony would manage to be there for Steve every now and then. When “Iron Man” wouldn't be able to be available without it seeming suspicious, Tony Stark could still come into the library and speak with Steve when neither of them were able to sleep. If it came to that, Tony could even decide to live at the mansion all the time, instead of splitting his nights between SI, his penthouse and the mansion, if Steve really didn't get better and needed someone to be there constantly...
Checking on his internal clock – literal in this case – made it obvious that yes, Tony, you haven't slept in four days now.
“You see, the other night I was at a party with Pepper, a party I'd thrown mostly to piss people off after I'd gotten away with yet another accusation of grey-bordering-on-black ethics, and she asked me when I'd become... that man. The guy who doesn't care about his employees, only about the money they bring in. The guy who isn't trying to better the world anymore, who's living in it and doesn't care if it's not perfect because he doesn't have to live in the wrong parts of the world. The genius who can see he isn't doing any good but just doesn't care. And the thing is, Steve, I had to guess. I had to tell myself about Rebel and what happened to him, I had to deduce that was why I'd stopped caring, but I didn't know that. I had to think about it, and I'm still not sure if it is it because I can remember the events but not what I was thinking back then, only what I did, and even extrapolating I can't make sense of everything I did. I mean, what's the point of being ridiculously rich if you don't use at least some of your fortune for the best, if you're becoming rich by abusing your workers and bankrupting others who don't deserve it? Even on an entirely practical point it doesn't make sense because if you go too far all the time there's an ever-growing risk of it blowing up in your face when people finally get fed up with your bullshit, so if you ever do it? It's because you have no other choice, because the other options are actually worse. More than that, what's the point of holding onto something, be it morals, be it money, if it doesn't protect anything else as a result?”
The ones Tony hadn't seen back then, the others who'd been in it with Wong-Chu – there really were a lot of people in Afghanistan, and most of them weren't even from around there, and all they usually wanted was an excuse to murder people and grab as much power as they could while blaming other people for their crimes – the ones he hadn't been able to protect Yinsen from.
Actually, Bethany didn't seem to like Iron Man, like, at all. She was one in a million, and shared that peculiarity with Pepper, back when the young woman hadn't known – if you didn't count the supervillains that Iron Man kept sending to jail, of course. Everyone else seemed to like Iron Man better than Tony Stark. He guessed that made another context in which Steve and Bethany shouldn't meet, if the two were to appreciate one another for their personalities.
The good point, Steve thought as he watched Peter frown at the newspapers detailling more of the latest SHRA – Gyrish-version – measures against unlawful vigilantes, the good point to this bizarre situation was that he'd have intel from both sides of the timelines to compare. Maybe he could do something here with whatever he'd learn in the other timeline, and
The look she gave Steve made him shut up – it was like he was entirely missing the point, like it'd be goddamn funny if it wasn't so horrible, except Steve still didn't know what this was all about.
Then, of course, because it was the best idea ever, Steve and T'Challa had Cloak teleport everyone in the middle of New York, in front of the Baxter Building. They could have brought the fight to a field in the middle nowhere, but no, Manhattan was a much better idea.
Anyway. So he'd contacted fake-Fury and the Avengers – separately – proved his “innocence”, had to destroy his Argonauts – next time someone needed a rescue unit, Tony would just look at them and comment “what if someone turns it into a weapon of mass destruction?” as an excuse not to do anything, because fuck it – what was all and well if you forgot that the last one was trying to kill Steve because apparently his subconscious was just as aware of the fact that Steve mattered as his conscious was – yeah, that one was obvious.
Tony always knew why he was so miserable; he couldn't help but be an optimist, even when he knew perfectly well that there were no reason to be anything but a pragmatist in this world. He was a freaking paradox of hope and despair, and he had never known how to fix that, one way or another – sometimes he wished he was more stupid, less of a genius, that he could believe in things because he wasn't be intelligent enough to really understand that wasn't how any of it worked.
He tilted Steve's head back, cleared his airway, and started CPR – wondering absent-mindedly whether or not he'd remember the feel of Steve's lips, later on, if he survived, because right now he was way too worried about keeping his friend alive to focus on that.
He grabbed her arm – the left one, flesh – and immediately noticed as eyes turned towards them, locking on his hand – locked on her arm. He let go, but she'd stopped – for now – and he stood up, too, because he had to...
He was going to let his friend delude himself, and because there were never enough experienced superhero teams out there, he was going to do everything that needed to be done for it to work behind Steve's back, instead of listening to him explain why miracles existed and how they were going to deal with the real world, because that was what Tony Stark did; he made things work.
“They might like Iron Man, Mr. President, but what you have to understand is that most of them despise Tony Stark more than they like Iron Man. The PR campaign would go well with the normal folks, but it would be a disaster in the superpowered community.”
In retrospection, Steve should perhaps consider the fact that this tomato could have been the reason, the trigger, but still.
It was incredible, how the Sentinel of Liberty could make it all about himself, about what he called their friendship – friends weren't supposed to shun and despise you first thing, Tony believed, but what did he know, it wasn't like he had that many true friends anyway – whenever they disagreed on something that was very much not about themselves.
Of course, that also meant they could do it even without him having done anything to deserve it, but well. Everything was a compromise – in this case, between his safety and the safety of others. Between his rights and theirs.
He looked around wildly – no ghost of Tony Stark that wasn't Tony Stark, and, more than that, no hospital room, no hospital-white.
The doctor waited for an indication of his understanding, so Steve glanced at Stark, who tipped an imaginary hat, as if to say “see, I didn't lie to you”, for a moment, before nodding back at the woman, who cleared her throat, frowned in thought, and went on.
“It didn't take long for Gyrich to take over, actually. And, you know the man. He's not exactly a villain, but he's...”
Tony sighed, and scanned the Helicarrier again, just in case someone had gotten closer or an enemy had started doing villainous things – it happened often enough, after all.
“Mr. Stark made me this shield, and he gave me this shield to shut me up. So I wouldn't come here and find you and stop you.”
If only it could mean a lot of good things, and not just whatever it was that Tony was feeling right now.
Because, mostly, if they didn't accept some restrictions, at least long enough to let everyone calm down, they would suffer the consequences – and Steve had no idea of what that meant exactly.
“He's not a hero. He has no skin in the game. And his lieutenants, who's he got, Reed and Hank? They're scientists. You're a fighter. You're a superhero. If you turned, you'd take a hell of a lot of people with you, and you know it.”
Steve looked like he wanted to tell him all that, but he couldn't, because – because he thought it was true, except, not really, did he, not as far as...
He was aware that the longest he went without saying anything, the more Steve was going to start assuming he had a difficult time finding something good to say about “Mr. Stark” – which was not necessessarily false, but not for the usual reasons you couldn't find something nice to say about someone. Hence why he needed to give Steve something good, so that the long silence could be explained away by the significance of the answer, rather than by a difficulty to find one.
Steve threw the pillow away – as he opened an eye, he could even say he threw it through the ghost – and surrendered...
Not that Tony wasn't aware he wasn't perfect, that was, that he had never been Captain-America perfect, because he did know who he was, thank you very much – meaning, an industrialist, a weapon manufacturer, one of the top one percent and all that, and yes he had many flaws, and especially if you took out Iron Man's deeds he wasn't worth that much as a person, but he still hoped he did count as a normal, decent human being. As an industrialist, he tried to guarantee a fair salary to all his employees, and he tried to follow the ethics of the job as much as possible. And it wasn't like America would just stop manufacturing or needing weapons if he walked out of that particular business, so at least he was trying to provide with reliable weapons and army protections. And yes, he enjoyed his privileged life when he had the time, but it wasn't like he was doing it by oppressing others. He was decent enough, or at least he tried to be. Even if he wasn't perfect.
Steve probably thought he was being a good friend here, that he was radiating confidence, righteousness, and worry for Iron Man. That he could convince Iron Man that Tony Stark was a bad influence, a disease to eradicate – and that it was for everyone's sake, for Iron Man's sake.
“Accountability. SHRA wasn't perfect, and I told Tony so, but I also registered, Steve. Why? Because yes, other people can't quite understand what it is like, being like us, but they also have something we lack very much, and that's objectivity. You can't assume your judgment will always be right, and...”
Right, not thinking about it yet. Might not ever become a thing. He knew it could, and that was what mattered, not anything else.
Steve took a step back, assuming whatever he was assuming right now – probably that Tony had been horrible to Iron Man while drunk, or something like that.
He didn't know why he was crying right now – well, he did, but he didn't know why now and not before, when Steve had been disgustingly supportive and condamning at the same time, whereas now he was simply being judgmental as hell.
He was more partial to the idea that love was ugly more often than not, that it could push and burn and scar until there was nothing left in its wake but ashes and anger whenever the circumstances didn't allow for it to be peaceful.
The difference was that back then, leaving the Captain America alias behind had been a choice Steve had made for himself. This time he had been forced out of that role.
Not that he wanted to deal with the ghost, but if he could deal only with the ghost instead of with both the ghost and the shifting timelines, well. He'd take it.
Tony was twenty-two and bleeding over here and his heart was beating like crazy and he was wearing an incredible suit of armor that apparently he'd been wearing for close to ten years – but shhh no one was supposed to know or at least not most of the people in here, Jan and Rhodes knew but for the others he wasn't sure – an armor that he had made himself and that he'd used times and times again to battle evil and his parents had been dead for eleven years – not one – and apparently – if he was to believe James Rhodes – his life was a succession of horrible injuries, betrayals, and deaths.
Except knowing himself – and, more importantly, his public image – had that been the case, he wouldn't have admitted to it that easily.
He wasn't entirely sure whether he was trying to be here for Steve – the guy sure looked like he needed someone to be – because not everything was about him and Tony knew that, or if he was just desperate not to talk or think about his problems because he didn't want it to be about himself.
Not quite what he'd said, but the slip was intentional, and of course Jan latched onto it right away.
Steve pushed the room's door open, and no, no one. Maybe they were out doing groceries – the question being, was it safer to do it without or without mask, at this point? He didn't know. Wearing a mask was obvious, but not wearing one wasn't much more anonymous, after Stark's contribution to the SHRA. They had to know all their names, now. Especially as Tony had always made a point of knowing as many things as possible about everyone – even if, back then, he wouldn't have used it. Steve still remembered the system Tony had whipped into being to vet new Avengers without even them learning their names – that, and the accidental abuse of it with Rage, who hadn't been eighteen; the system had known it, but they hadn't. Of course anonymity had its problems, but it didn't mean they didn't deserve it.
Tony had made a shield for the Captain, and that was probably going to come back and bite him in the ass later, but he still intended to give it to Steve, because that was the right thing to do.
As long as a suggestion was given. More often than not, people were content with complaining about how you did things, without making the effort of providing an alternative.
“You accused me of never inviting you into my home, T'Challa, unlike you did, and maybe you were right, but you were also wrong.”
Maya tried to get him to call the Avengers. He'd hesitated, he'd thought about not doing it at all, but ultimately he left a message to the database while he was changing things in Maya's work, a message that told them what to do if he didn't wake up, a message that would disappear afterwards, and might go unread as everyone was in their own shit at the moment, Steve still doing... whatever he'd been obsessing about lately, and apparently Peter was busy dealing with one of his numerous villains and Tony didn't exactly know about the others but their Identicards said they were engaged in important acitivities right now, like preventing people from being flattened by a villain and it wasn't like he could ask them to drop it to go and save other people from being burned alive instead.
“That being said, you were crystal clear here. No place for my cancer here, huh? Give my regards to Ororo. Tell her I'm sorry I couldn't stay.”
Of course, that hope did not come to pass, as he woke up not in his cell, but in the boarded-up room from the other reality – the one in which there wasn't a ghost of Tony Stark running around, the one in which Steve didn't yet know if Tony was...
How many of them had actually deserved such a fate, and that knowing that even then Tony wouln't have – or would he? Had he? – killed them unless there really had been no other choice?
Still, it told a story, and because Tony understood, it didn't mean it didn't hurt – only that he could forgive it, on top of living with it.
He wasn't sure whether he was talking about Iron Man and Tony Stark, here, or of Steve Rogers and Iron Man. It didn't really matter, either way, because Steve wasn't going to understand, because he never did.
He stood up – heavy, his soul whispered, not that he had a soul left – and walk around the table. Put a hand on Steve's shoulder – saw when his friend's first reaction was rejection, thinking this was, what? A way to get close and kill him with a single blast?
One again, Tony had that urge to hurl the empty helmet at Steve Rogers and stomp away, but that was, once again, unpractical on so many points – secret identity, the fact that they weren't even on the same coast, and, again, the utter lack of faith in Tony's word – he had to bite down any possible retort.
A team portrait that had, miraculously, not ended up on the floor, was hanging on the far wall. Tony blinked, stood up, and went to look at it. It was one of the older ones, one from the very beginning of the Avengers.
A moment of uncomfortable silence, Iron Man with his hands still extended, but slowly receding against his body. Then Steve broke the silence.
After a moment of silence, he carefully offered something that wasn't an answer, and wasn't a lie either, if you took it a certain – twisted – way.
“I don't give a rat's ass about my sexuality, Steve, it can be as nuanced as it has to be and I'm not going to lose sleep over it, because people are going to talk shit about me one way or another. Not saying I want to broadcast it for the whole world to see, but I'm comfortable with myself on that point at least. That's not the problem here, the problem is that I have no idea what I was thinking in almost all of the actions of my life, including us getting together, and most times I can extrapolate but here I just can't. Can you?”
They were barely back from the Blue Area, and Tony was making a deliberate effort not to point out that once again the Kree Supreme Intelligence was doing whatever pleased it, not bothering with the cost of lives, as long as it was entertained, and hadn't that been the very reason they had gotten into a spat on Hala – and yes, Tony might have been a bit callous back then, but he had also been dying, had just taken part in a galactic war, and apparently Kang had started fucking with his brain and emotional responses so it wasn't like he hadn't had reasons not to be quite as diplomatic as he might have been – because Steve had been alright with letting that thing live no matter what damage it would be free to continue causing? – but first, they had to talk about Carol.
The most likely explanation was that his friend feared that “Mr. Stark” was listening in – which, in all honesty, he was. On top of that that was actually a sound tactical precaution, barely even biased on Steve's part.
In one reality, Tony was dead for Steve, and that despite everything – would Steve have died for Tony? He thought so, but he had also almost killed him in front of the Baxter Building, and the contrary wasn't true, no matter everything else Tony had done, Tony had never tried to kill him, so...
Sue had slapped the drink out of his hand – he'd been about to pour it from the top of the tower, but well, at least this way there was no temptation left – accused him of being insane, of puppetting Reed, of destroying their marriage, because why not, after all, Tony was the root of all evil, wasn't he?
If they didn't have a goddamned good reason to betray him – like, say, direct threat on their lives – they generally didn't.
Tony still didn't see what V'ra could be gaining by doing what she was doing, and he guessed, maybe she was trying to help, but that wouldn't stop him from being cautious.
The small laugh he gave then was more scared than he'd care to admit, but thanks to the armor's static voice he didn't have to admit to anything.
There were thousands of moments going through the screens, as Kang's system searched for any intrusion in his timeline that could be attributed to someone trying to influence Anthony back into being the man he'd been before Kang had decided he'd mess with him – which, if his suspicions were right, wasn't quite what Kang himself had told him anyway, because since when were you supposed to be honest with the person you mind-controlled?
“In the end, even if it was Tony, I thought there was something wrong, that he had lost the human quality of being an individual, in a way, of seeing individuals. That he was aiming for the Top, because that was what he needed to do to regulate everything, our lives, our rights, our freedom.”
Maybe he should have said something along the lines of “what's important is that he trusts my judgment”, or something like that. But again, he was tired of trying and never getting results – he would probably get over it soon enough, and try again, and regret it once more, but... not this time.
“Well, actually. Everyone knew that Tony Stark was the most successful sapiens in that reality, right? He'd brought his father's fortune over and into the highest spheres, he was even richer than almost every other mutant industrialists, and in that world, that said a lot. Like, if a mutant girl was going to marry a sapien, of course it'd been him. Except, his father and the Hank Pym from there were plotting to overthrow Magnus, which, okay, we were doing the same thing, but their approach was definitely terroristic while we were just, uhm... rebels, we weren't starting a reign of terror, if you get what I mean. And Tony, he got himself thrown in the middle, from what I understood in the news, or maybe his father was putting him there, I'm not really sure. Eitherway, Tony ended up in the Iron Man armor disabling genetic bombs with Johnny Storm, then going against his own father, and after that Magneto got here and...”
He had no idea what they'd looked like, all the people who'd died in Iraq only a few hours ago, by his hand – by his armor, his personal weapon, his creation, everything that was supposed to make him able to protect people. When he'd gotten control back, most of them had just been charred remains – sometimes still fuming, and was the armor smelling of burned flesh, like after the Carnelian ambassador?
It turned out that Jan too was having reservations anyway, not because she wasn't happy with Tony, but because it was too soon after Hank – something that Tony understood too well, as another of his reasons for breaking up with her was also that he felt slightly guilty even if he didn't, objectively, have any reason to be.
But, as they all knew. Steve Rogers absolutely trusted Tony Stark, and they went bowling every thursday.
He didn't point out that he wouldn't be stupid enough to put someone he was blackmailing into a walking weapon of mass destruction like the Iron Man armor, that would have just been begging to get murdered in your sleep. Or, in the scenario where he apparently was an abuser, how exactly he was supposed to hurt someone who, once again, had access to a hightech suit of armor.
Captain America was a good man, wasn't he? A bit too idealistic, and obviously way too optimistic about how this was all going to end, maybe, but a good man. And Tony might doubt that his offer would be met with anything but disdain, he might not believe that it'd do anything, but he had to try.
He thought about confiding that maybe, he had gone a bit overboard at the end, with the mandroids and the guardsmen.
Steve tried to talk, after that, but his voice was hoarse, his throat probably dry, and it took a couple of tries before he could actually make sounds that seemed like words to Tony's ears.
Except Tony couldn't say anything about that, not right now, not yet, perhaps not ever, because if he did Cap would just close in on himself and sulk more.
The words that followed didn't really matter – even if he didn't stop and went on anyway – because just after Tony opened his mouth to talk, he saw it.
Mostly he didn't speak about the fact that, more than his life being worth saving, it was the truth that if he had been taking care of himself, if he hadn't let alcohol and desperation get at him, he might have saved Gretl too. He might have been able to get the baby to a hospital sooner.
“I didn't exactly follow the whole thing, what with us being busy staging a rebellion, but what was the matter with the mutant / sapiens controversy and Stark exactly?”
Steve gestured with his piece of pizza, remembering all too well “Dell Rusk” and Gyrich's part in both sides of the Red Zone incident.
He'd even let go of a loved one to do the right thing if he had to. He wouldn't be happy about it, he might not even survive it, but he'd do it, again and again and again, because that would be worth it. The fact that he might not live with himself afterwards? The fact that he might fall to pieces if he ever had to sacrifice everything? It didn't matter. If the price was his own integrity, he'd give it out without a thought, because what was his integrity worth next to someone's life?
Because lone heroes with no accountability whatsoever only worked as long as everything went right enough.
Steve believed in their community's ability to police itself, in the fact that they didn't need to be policed, but would that change the fact that Tony was dead – would it have done anything, had Steve been less lenient towards Bucky after the cosmic cube brought him back? Bucky, of course, didn't deserve to be punished for what he'd been forced to do as the Winter Soldier, but maybe Steve should have pushed him to get help – not too much, but just enough. Maybe then Bucky's first reaction to seeing Steve shot would not have been to kill the assumed guilty party.
Steve gnashed his teeth – that sounded either terribly naive, coming from a Tony-Stark-lookalike, or extremely logical, if not for the fact that Steve wasn't that naive as to think any of the people who'd engineered Registration could actually respect anything about Steve himself.
As with much of about all his attempts, though, he wouldn't be surprised if it turned into another one of those “at least I tried, unlike someone else, and therefore the failure is not my own” situations.
Steve was probably thinking about how this was all going to end if he went at it hard enough. Because it wasn't like Iron Man – Tony Stark – wasn't the source of all evil. Because it wasn't like there were actual reasons behind the Registration Act – oh look, New York on fire, wonder how that happened – and because it wasn't like there were other people behind this all who would take out the heavy artillery the moment Tony stepped down.
He frowned at Peter's lack of any kind of disguise – Peter looked common enough, so Steve guessed he could still blend in, but he had also gone on TV by Tony's suggestion, so – and asked an important question, which was entirely not a redirection from a potentially distressing realization.
He'd have talked to Nick, except Nick had ignored his call, and sent Hill in his stead. Which, okay. Something was definitely going on. Fury generally tried not to avoid Steve unless there was something he really, really didn't want to lie to him about, but would have to.
But he also remembered Firepower, and how the government had been so willing to go after him with a killing order, with a suit using his designs – yes, Steve, those designs I was trying to prevent from falling into the wrong hands – and how the use for that particular project was obvious. If a hero died by Firepower's missiles – not much of a problem now, not with him having utterly destroyed the suit and not with the cost of it, thank you for your hard work, Iron Man – it wouldn't be on Tony, no, he knew that, but the fact that he could have stopped it? That would be on his shoulders.
“Is it the money? Whatever he's paying you... God, Shellhead, I have money now, I have that back pay, however much you need, whatever you need... anything, anything at all, you can have it, just come with me...”
Tony had no words for that, none at all, because he was dying. He was, there was no denying it, on the brink of death – again – and the odds that he'd escape it – again – were worse than ever – again.
Second, Franklin seemed to know a little too much on other points, because somehow Tony and Steve's made-up histories had involved them being in a relationship – which had tipped Tony off that something wasn't right with the world, because it just didn't make sense, and perhaps he wouldn't have seen it so soon if there hadn't been that one glaringly obvious problem. And yeah, Tony was definitely in love with Steve, and Steve had a crush on Iron Man, but Tony Stark and Steve Rogers were not – had never been, would never be – in a relationship.
“Not pretty, uh? Iron Man had to battle... whoever it was this time, really, and when he pushed me aside I ended up with a door in my face. But enough about me, are you saying you're having a problem? What is it, something wrong with the Maria Stark Foundation, maybe? Or did I sign something I shouldn't have without paying attention?”
Tony couldn't allow himself to reveal who Iron Man was, not even to Captain America – not because he didn't trust the man, but simply... Simply because a secret had to be kept secret to remain a secret, it was as simple as that. But...
Other option, he'd done it knowingly, and ultimately the one who'd made that decision – be it Cloak himself, T'Challa, Steve, or anyone else on that side – now held the position of the villain who brought the fight to civilians because they didn't care about the consequences except for themselves.
So yeah, Tony was relieved that his armor was still there, and not only because he was only wearing a red thong – what? He had wanted to try and see how it felt, just because you have to be informed to actually know what you were talking about, and it was virtually impossible to wear a suit under this particular model of the Iron Man armor.
Not that Steve had disappointed him so far – though Steve did disappoint a number of times, he still ended up doing exactly what Tony thought he would.
Of course he had to. If he didn't, that would be hypocritical to a point – Tony wasn't against hypocrisy when it got the job done, but you couldn't push it that much, or it simply didn't work anymore.
“But to go back to the matter at hand... You'll notice, I hope, that while I might not have extended a hand in this little stand-off you've arranged, I also wasn't the one who left first. Not that me trying to talk it out would have done any good, because he wouldn't consider anything but his own position, because I've already tried and it already ended this way, which means that the only way I could bring this to a personal end would be by grovelling at his feet and declaiming how right he was to begin with, and that 'Tony Stark' is the source of all evil while we're at it. As if that would resolve anything but his anger at 'Iron Man'.”
When he actually managed to stop feeling sorry for himself long enough to look back at Steve, his friend was holding a box of tissues and looking like he didn't know what else to do.
So maybe he was a bit of a hypocrite, but hey, if that was what it took to make it work. He'd sell his soul if he had to – and if there was a guarantee that whoever he'd have sold his soul to wouldn't double-cross him, and since that didn't exist...
But that was Tony did, anyway – he kept pouring himself into anything that was worth it, even if he didn't believe in it, even if he didn't believe it would work, just because he might be wrong, and, at least, if it didn't work, it wouldn't be his fault. It wouldn't be because he hadn't tried hard enough.
But just in case, he'd keep an eye on their friendship, from now on, to see if it could actually fall into that category as well, or if he was just reading things that weren't here to begin with.
The Red Skull had disabled about everything in the armor – and Tony wanted to blame Gyrich for not trusting the Avengers but making the mistake of trusting “Dell Rusk”, Secretary of Defense, but that wasn't possible, if only because it was normal for the government not to be completely trusting of so-called superheroes, or else things would go very, very wrong the day one of them snapped under the pressure – and walking was difficult. Tony was muscular enough – not like Captain America or Luke Cage, but really, most couldn't compare – but the armor was heavy. Very heavy.
That was the thing with Tony: you never knew if he was being sarcastic or serious, mostly because both were somehow true at the same time.
Feeling a bit sluggish, Steve tried to wave a hand at him, but barely managed to raise it to begin with. He really, really wasn't feeling right.
Iron Man was everything Tony could have been, had he not been an actual person with personal problems and emotional baggage. Iron Man was loved, respected, and trusted.
Steve looked like he wanted to eat his own lips rather than answer, but still spoke, just before closing his eyes – not to look at anything, especially not at the file, and possibly not at his murderer of a friend sitting next to him either, and did Tony know how that felt...
Steve wasn't saying anything – which was better than him calling Tony out on what he probably thought was actually going on.
Kooning knew, that much was obvious. Even if Tony hadn't been monitoring his own hospital room after the Argonauts, he'd still know, just by the tone of his voice.
From what the Avengers and the Fantastic Four – thankfully Doctor Doom had not called Tony Stark to gloat and tell him he did remember what had happened and who he really was, though at this point Tony wouldn't be surprised if the man did suspect the truth, Victor wasn't an idiot after all – had figured out, Counter-Earth had been a construct of Franklin Richards' mind where the child had “salvaged” the Avengers who'd sacrificed themselves against Onslaught, and only Thor, Reed, Susan, Tony, T'Challa and Crystal, and possibly Bruce – not that anyone was going to try and interrogate the Hulk about it – actually remembered what had happened there in details. Also, while about one year had gone on on Counter-Earth, only three months or so had passed here, for some reason Reed and him were already squinting at thoughtfully, but he didn't want to think about it right now. Especially as three months had been enough for Morgan to make a mess, SE to be bought by Fujikawa Industries, and Tony to be declared dead – and of course, everyone was swallowing his excuse that Iron Man hadn't been able to come and save him after he'd been once again abducted by villains as the armored Avenger had been stuck in a pocket universe, hook, line, and sinker, because it was somehow easier to believe than to make the guess that maybe Tony Stark was Iron Man.
He wasn't in love with Indries – not yet – he could tell because, well, it seemed he had apparently gotten himself a sure way to assess whether the sentiments were that deep after the fact: whenever he was in love with someone else, he stopped thinking about Pepper or Steve in that particular way, except for the fact that he still knew the truth about it. He just... stopped thinking about it. When Tony was in love with someone else, Steve went back to simply being his most important friend, if not his best one – that was Rhodey, by the way – and Pepper went back to being Happy's wife and a friend, instead of a hopeless infatuation.
The most important, though, was probably the one screen where Tony's first encounter with Kang was being played over and over again. Anthony had no recollection of it, as the story on the screen confirmed – not long after he'd become Iron Man, Kang had walked into his home and had had a conversation with him, not that Tony had listened to any of it, and the time-traveller had then made him forget all about it.
But Steve wouldn't be here, no matter how Iron Man needed it, because Tony Stark did too and there was no way in hell that Steve Rogers would ever agree to work with Tony Stark.
Made sense, you didn't want to be Howard's son in that world and be a mutant – Howard hadn't been, actually, anti-mutant, or racist, or sexist for that matter, at least way less than most rich white men from his time, but Tony guessed that in just the right context, with the right incentive, like becoming the oppressed minority, well, Howards might have gone that way.
Peter turned around, and though the mask hid it, Steve had no doubt about the cocky smile underneath.
Focusing back on the conversation, Tony tried to come up with an answer to Steve's words, knowing full well that his own position on the matter was, in fact, the very same, but since he had brought it up he had to defend his “doubts” about Cap wanting him there.
A small grey box fell off the armor, and it assembled right back over Tony. With the helmet back into place, he could just blast V'ra unconscious if he wanted and not even be affected. Take her back to the New Avengers, a prisoner, and they'd figure it out from there.
He'd heard the gunshot, he'd seen – well, almost – Stark fall, but he hadn't gotten a confirmation. Maybe Stark was alive, if wounded. Maybe Extremis had saved him here.
Something moved on the other side of him, the sound of rushed footsteps across the crowd, almost drowned out by the voices around them, and Steve wondered if someone else had seen it too, if perhaps...
“If you had been his friend, Captain, you'd have considered the fact that maybe he was doing what he did for a reason. You'd have given him the benefit of the doubt. You'd have tried to work with him first, instead of immediately deciding that he was 'selling out', as you said. You'd have cared enough to listen. And more than that, you'd have worried about the bullets you would have known he was taking for you. That, regarless of his smile. Because if you'd been his friend, you would have known that a smile from Tony Stark was no guarantee of his free will.”
There was a piece of the faceplate in his mouth, he realized, digging into his gum – Extremis was pushing it out, reconstructing the wound slowly, and that was the reason he knew, now. That was where the blood was coming from.
So all he did was go on and let Steve think what he wanted. That Tony was a control freak. That there was nothing redeemable about him.
“Perhaps, perhaps not. But in the end, it doesn't change the fact that what you stood for was the absence of a system, regardless of the consequences. On the basis that 'superheroes can be trusted'.”
It made him wonder why Falcon hadn't told Steve what he knew – or, maybe he had, except Steve had never been that good an actor and he would definitely be doing something right now if he knew. Not that he didn't have an idea why, but.
It was giving a bit too much credit to his dream, for things to go on the same way as what had happened in it, and not enough at the same time, because if Stark had commissioned the sniping, then why had Tony taken the bullet for him?
But Steve himself didn't seem to fully know what he was trying to say, so Tony cocked his head, as if to encourage him to talk, just in case.
Steve probably thought Iron Man was crying because he didn't want to do what he was doing, though, that he didn't want him mixed up in it because it was wrong, when Tony really just knew how a stain could come and mar a good name even when it wasn't deserved.
Breathe. He composed his face, made his stance carefully blank of any emotions, of any strain – Iron Man was the one who had woken up from a nightmare, from blood on his hands, from the murder of an innocent man in which he had been used as a tool, this morning, not Tony Stark. Tony himself didn't have a reason to be in this state; sure, some tension, some displeasure, anger, even, at the events, at the way he'd have to deal with it, at the fact that someone had died, but Tony wasn't the one who had been used – false, completely false, because Tony was the one in the nightmare, Tony was the one who had blood on his hands, the armor was just an armor, the blood on it didn't matter, the blood, ultimately, was on Tony's hands, and Tony had been the one who had drunk himself to sleep the day before, not Iron Man, but no one knew that.
He looked up, and – Sharon couldn't get over here, there were already too many people, all in SHIELD uniforms too, except for the marshals, and the journalists were kept well away, and they were keeping an eye on Steve, making sure no one tried anything again, and smoke was getting out of the window where the sniper had been, and Steve was – Steve was missing something, something wasn't right – who had shot him, he'd made so many enemies in his life, he'd...
“I was in the basement and I heard someone walking around above, and I thought I'd see, you know, who was up. If you... wanted company. How are you settling in, Cap? ...You fought Zemo, huh?"
Not that he needed the chestplate anymore, but still. And that was only the last concern on a long list of concerns about people – even Steve – knowing who Iron Man was. The less important one. His continued survival, in itself, wasn't so important – no, he didn't particularly wish to die, thank you, but if he did, it wasn't like it would matter that much. Unlike many people seemed to think, Tony wasn't so full of himself that he'd think himself to matter that much in the grand scheme of the universe. The others things, when you came down to it, mostly boiled down to the fact that he wouldn't be able to work with the Avengers the same way anymore, if they discovered who he really was – if they were still able to work together at all.
He narrowed his eyes, already knowing the answer to the question he was going to put forward. He still wanted confirmation, though, because he could be wrong, it happened, and he acknowledged it, and also because if he didn't ask, people didn't care that they met his exact expectations – disappointment or not – as they liked to believe themselves above such pettiness or whatever. As if them being assholes was his fault for not having asked, as if they would have done it differently if he had.
Tony stared at the young man, and somehow his raised eyebrow must have gone through the mask, because Peter squirmed.
Tony had panicked for a second that he would feel the chestplate under the shirt, and Steve had probably seen it in his eyes, the terror, and that, more than the fact that he had taken a small step back, seemed to anger him.
Which was, well. Of course superheroes could make mistakes, they were humans too – and those who weren't were still people – but the point was, everyone made mistakes, including Gyrich. Not trusting superheroes could only be hypocritical if you trusted normal people to handle it instead.
He could, visciously, question whether or not Steve's refusal of any kind of authority above them had anything to do with the fact that he'd welcomed James Barnes back in the fold – not that the man deserved to be punished – without thinking it necessary to inform anyone of the Winter Soldier's true crimes and subsequent innocence, showing once again that Captain America might believe in the people, but didn't actually trust anyone enough to give a fair judgment of the situation.
Said with a different tone, Tony could have believed that it was really meant for him, this gratitude; but he wasn't deaf, and that was Steve's way to say something he thought he ought to say, not something he really believed in. It wasn't wrong, per se, but it lacked the intensity to be anything else but a formal acknowledgment of what Steve felt he owed him.
“...and it's obvious you do care about him an awful lot, even if I'm not quite sure in what manner...”
There was a pattern here, he knew; Bethany learned he was Iron Man, and eventually she left him – not because of that reason, no, for a much better reason, because her husband who was dead apparently wasn't, and what could Tony do about that? – just like everyone else. He wasn't saying that this knowledge was always the cause of everyone's departure – let's be frank, it was often the case – but somehow it still seemed to matter.
Tony did not pretend he wasn't Iron Man – at that point? – and did not confirm anything either – showing that he was uncomfortable with people knowing might bring the point across, who knew? – and did not turn around with a brisk smile and no intention to continue this conversation.
He waited inside the mansion. The dead husk of his home, of the place where he grew up, of the house where his father yelled at him, and cried when he thought Tony wasn't here, where his mother tried to be there for both of them and eventually ended up not being there enough for either of them, least of all for herself, where Jarvis made sure that Tony lacked nothing, if for the presence of his parents. The place where neither Howard nor Maria came back after their accident.
They didn't talk about it, because Steve wanted the truth but the truth wasn't something Steve wanted.
Tony couldn't say he knew the feeling, but there was always the possibility, the potential for him to have done something back when he still drank, something that he didn't remember. There were things he didn't remember doing, and the thing was, maybe they were of no consequences, but maybe they weren't.
He stared at the bottle of whiskey on his desk – the one he kept around just because it would tell him how close he was to temptation and when he had to do something about it – at the full glass next to it.
He disappeared as Rhodey – you know, the true, the new, the useful Iron Man – saved another person from the flophouse. The man would probably try to save Tony from himself, but he didn't understand that it was already what Tony was doing: obviously he wasn't any good as CEO, as Iron Man, as a person anymore – maybe he never had been – and without the booze, he'd probably kill himself, because he was no good if... well. If he was no good to anyone.
Tony knew the situation quite well. “Tony Stark”, after all, had been blamed for everything that went wrong between Captain America and “Iron Man” for years. When it was his fault, when it was because of them both, and when it was Steve's fault.
He couldn't tell Steve that, could he? If he did, Steve might finally make the connection, and even if Steve didn't... Tony had seen what he thought of him when he'd understood that he was an alcoholic. He wasn't sure he could deal with Steve treating Iron Man like that too, not now – maybe not ever, but the point here was that he needed to be efficient, he needed to put an end to this, he couldn't afford...
There might be some of Iron Man in Tony's personality – Iron Man was all the good points, and none of the drawbacks – but obviously when you took the whole person, that bit of Iron Man wasn't enough for Steve to be willing to work with the rest of him. Cap wasn't willing to when he didn't know, and there was no reason for him to change his mind even if he found out – if nothing else, it'd just be painful for both of them.
Steve tensed, looking ready to bolt, and his head snapped up to stare at Iron Man as if they were the only two components of this equation – which was so dangerously not the case.
So he stared at fake-him for a moment, and eventually nodded. The skrull sighed – what was certain was that he was making a show of demonstrating his “worry” – before helping him up.
He really, really wanted to throw the helmet at Steve, right now, and let him contemplate the exact depth of his words, but. None of this was about Tony, no matter how much Steve wanted to make it about him, and so he really couldn't do that, not unless his goal suddenly shifted to start a full-on war.
Tony frowned, made a non-commital, questioning sound, and already knew that he couldn't say yes, because all that would result in would be them all dying together as Sentinels laid waste to the super community, and accidentally the rest of the country as collateral damage.
Another detonation down there shook Steve through the bones, and when he looked down too, despite the hole in his collarbone and the frankly awkward fact that Sam was going to have to put them down soon because Steve was just too heavy, he saw that everyone – the SHIELD agents, the marshals – were looking somewhere else, at Stark, who was...
Enough of a confirmation. He really hoped Jarvis hadn't told anyone – Steve, mostly, but anyone else would make it problematic too – to go and listen in through the door so that they'd finally realize, with the misguided hope that some honesty would make it all better or whatever. Unlikely, Jarvis was too loyal for that, and the older man understood that it wouldn't do any good to Tony, to be outed like that, because he realized that sometimes “logical” courses of action were no better than illogical ones, especially when it came to people and their reactions to the unexpected – but at the same time Jarvis was also loyal to the Avengers, and Tony knew for a fact that he'd throw him under a bus if he thought it was for the greater good, something Tony would never begrudge anyone for, at least not on that point.
Lie. He never “met” Tony Stark, but he guessed he could dissociate Iron Man from Tony Stark if he considered the creation of the armor as a meeting rather than an actual creation.
Tony forced himself not to falter under the strength of the moral hit, but couldn't stop himself from making a face – a pathetic one, at that, if the way Falcon winced afterwards told him anything.
The night had fallen, no lights were on, and Tony had just gotten a call from Hill about – of all things to do, he couldn't think of many more idiotic moves to pull right now! – her attempt to arm-wrestle Captain America into rounding up the opposition. Which had ended about as well as you'd think.
Tony did wake up first, surprisingly, and T'Challa was there to assure him that, whatever he thought about the situation – the situation being, obviously, Iron Man's secret identity that T'Challa had known about for a long time already as they'd made clear during the situation with the White Wolf a few months ago – he'd made sure no one else knew. Tony would have bolted out of bed if he had had the strength, which he didn't, so he just asked about Steve.
"Yeah that's the intern," MJ nodded. The group started walking to the first station and the intern lagged behind.
Tony quickly shut up and just stood there as Steve slowly pulled away. But then Tony launched on him and kissed him harder than before. They're mouths moved in sync and Tony moaned as Steve pulled him closer.
"Hey, no, no, no, shhh," Bucky reached out to gently and slightly awkwardly hug Peter. "Peter - it's okay, it's okay. I get it. I do. We should - we should head back to your house though - the Tower....definitely get to the Tower..."
"Okay, we've gotta go," Tony said quickly. "Hurry up, come on!" he slapped his hands together and started running towards the exit. Natasha looked at Peter who sighed and ran after Tony.
She spread it out in her hands to reveal a cat with black hair and a blue patch of fur on his chest. He was about a foot and a half long with a tail almost twice as long as that. He was curled in Natasha's arms, gazing up at her and blinking around with soft brown eyes.
When Fury lead him back inside, Steve warily asked about the wings. Fury looked at him, slightly surprised and asked when he started seeing them.
"So," he said slowly, clapping his hands. "Spidey wanted me to tell all of you that when you see him, you can't tell him to stop being a super hero. He's been doing this for a while, he can take care of himself so y'know...he doesn't need anything. So yeah. Here we go."
Peter's head began to spin with the information and he started to look around the large room. "I - I still don't understand how I can trust you."
Peter and Bucky startled and they both turned to see that the bald man was back. Bucky stood in front of Peter protectively as the bald man looked over Peter with a wild look that Peter didn't quite like.
"No...no, no, no, Ben!" Peter cried. He reached forward and pulled back after feeling something wet. In the dim light, he noticed the blood dripping on his hand. Peter cried and pulled out his phone, racing to call an ambulance.
"Peter is mine and Tony's son," Natasha explained. "Peter was kidnapped by Richard and Mary Parker who must have been apart of the gang and they took him in before they were killed and Peter was given to May and Ben. Ben died about a year ago."
Ever since Peter's uncle died and he discovered that he had super powers from that spider bite a year ago, he became Spider-Man, the friendly neighborhood hero that helped out. Ned and MJ found out right away and while Ned became his guy in the chair and helped him fight crime, MJ helped him keep his identity secret.
"I - yes," Peter nodded as they started walking towards the back of the Tower and towards an elevator.
"She's Peter's 'aunt' and might have been an accomplice in his kidnapping," Natasha said flippantly and Peter turned to argue again but then his phone went off.
Harley was wearing a red button up plaid shirt with ripped jeans. The sleeves of the shirt were frayed and looked like they had been cut off. He had a sort of rugged, farm boy looking going on with a definite bad boy feeling. Peter tried to be as friendly as possible but it was really hard when you're gay and you're childhood friend looked so hot.
"Steve," Natalia recovered first. "We're not that dumb. But it's nice of you to finally come out." Steve opened his mouth in surprise.
"It's an emotional time for everyone," Clint shrugged. Natasha glanced at Bucky to see him looking off and Natasha watched him suspiciously.
"This is just someone I'm meeting," the kid told the girl. "He understand Russian. Also, My name is James Barnes-everyone calls me Bucky though. This is my girlfriend, Natalia Romonova." 'Bucky' leaned in a bit. "Be careful, she's not like other girls and she will kick you butt." Natalia swatted him.
Tony opened his mouth and then stopped. He shook his head and put a hand to his forehead. "I lied." He said. "I lied to you, I lied to the team, I lied to myself-and you
"Hey Penis! Where have you been?" Flash knocked his chair behind him and Peter flapped his hands for a second before gaining his balance back. He didn't respond to Flash, just glared and scowled at him.
Steve raised his eyebrows to Natalia who was draped over Bucky. Natalia just shrugged in response and Bucky kept his eyes trained on the door that the two had left through.
"You know there's a party going on upstairs right?" Natasha startled a little but turned to see Tony leaning against the door frame of her room.
"Me!" Harley screeched, finding his voice. Tony whirled. "Me! The person whose garage you blew up?! That's me, you idiot!"
Saint Anne-Marie's (Harley secretly doubted that there was an actual saint called Anne-Marie) had three levels, plus an attic and a basement. The basement was usually never used though, therefore never cleaned so nobody went down there.
And I just want to make sure I make the correct tags for it since I am new to this stuff. So if you guys could tell me what I should write as a tag, I would love to know what I need to add and it would help me immensely.
Falcon ended up being a man named Sam Wilson. Both being in the military, Steve and Sam bonded immediately. Turns out when he was born seeing wings. His own never fully grew so when he was offered the para-rescue, he took it. He replaced his wings with the metal ones he was given. (Sam was surprised to see the Iron Man suit open up to Tony Stark. He nearly jumped out of his pants while that just seemed to make Spider-Man like Tony even more.)
"He's found the source," Bruce said from the counter. "It'll probably be another week or so before he can get back,"
"This was your idea!" Bucky and Tony yelled at the same time. Peter burst into laughter through the comm.
After that, Natalia and Bucky became his best friends. They wouldn't go anywhere without him and they didn't abandon him-ever. Steve felt like the luckiest guy in the world.
As he grew older, he realized it wasn't a good thing to see people's wings. It wasn't a good thing to see the auras that surrounded them, bathing them in different lights.
"What!" Tony stared at Natasha in confusion and amazement and slight anger. Natasha slapped him and Steve glanced over at the elevator. "What - but Natasha -"
Harley paused. Peter was panting slightly as he said that all in one breath. "That's a lot," Harley admitted slowly. "I-I don't know what to say other than you're right, orphanages suck."
"We don't know." Natalia walked forward, looking shaken. "Gamora said to watch him though. Some of Thanos' children escaped so the Guardians had to high-tail it out of here." Natalia added.
," Steve's calm but slightly shocked voice came through the comm and Natasha shoved them out of the warehouse.
It does make sense-he liked Bucky for a little bit but that was shut down in his head very quickly because it was obvious that he was going to stay in a relationship with Natalia. He used to like one or two guys on the Howling Commandos and one seemed to notice him and didn't have a problem with it.
"If I had known, it would have broken my heart but I would have given him back," May said softly. Natasha looked at her for a moment, blank stare.
And then Peter was yelling something too, waving at the giant hole that was in Harley's garage. And that's when Iron Man landed, thrusters turned off as soon as he hit the ground. Then, Tony
She hummed, wondering for a moment. "Well, what's your favorite class? You're in high school right?"
"Let's find out." Clint gestured the way and Natasha strutted forward past him, determination in her stride. Clint followed closely behind and they headed out of the building and onto one of it's many balconies.
At least now he knew why he fell over when he was smaller. The wings must have been too big for him when he was younger.
And then Tony came down and he introduced Tony to his ais before discreetly trying to usher Tony away. Eventually Tony obliged and Peter didn't miss the stunned expression on the genius's face and he smirked a little.
"That makes sense," he muttered a little and Natasha laughed again just as Peter heard the door open again. He winced a little at how loud it was this time.
"Lilia," the bald man from before walked in, and gently pushed her. "I promised our boy an explanation and he's going to get one." the woman - Lilia snorted but walked away.
Tony gets mind controlled by a villain and, even though he’s locked up all his suits for just such an occasion, he still poses a problem for the other Avengers.
Iron Man was known as an Avenger-the second one to be specific-and the bodyguard of Pepper and Tony.
"So, anyways, I'm Pepper," Ms. Potts said very loudly and held out her hand for Peter to shake. "That's Tony, Clint, Steve, Bruce, Thor, Sam, and Bucky. The twins, Wanda and Pietro are farther in the back - you'll meet them eventually along with Scott, Carol, Hope, and T'Challa." Pepper turned to Natasha. "I'd love to stay but I have -"
"Oh god," Harry frantically began to look around the room. "I - here, here come on," Harry put his arm under Peter's and helped Peter up and out of the room. He placed Peter on a chair and Peter curled into a ball, feeling as though fire was licking at his insides.
"The plan was so...simple," Julian let out a frustrated growl. "It would've been so easy and nobody would've gotten hurt if it hadn't been for your adopted parents -"
A tree snap came up into his ear and be whirled. Frowning harder, he tried to dial in on the noise but Peter realized that he must've heard a snap from a forest a ways away.
May looked like she was about to cry. "I - thank you - thank you so much," she hesitated for a second before walking forward and hugging Natasha.
At the end of the class, Peter waited and took his time putting his stuff away, frowning the whole time. MJ hopped on his desk and looked at him. "What's up?"
He sprinted forwards, launching at a wall to climb it. He jumped over some rooftops - following the duo as they attempted to shake him off.
Tony started to freak out. "Why! Did you not say something!? Where is he? Is he okay? What happened? What's going to happen to him?"
Natasha quickly followed him, speaking into the comm. "By the way, quick notice to everyone - Peter is Spider-Man,"
"You love it," Natasha kissed her cheek and handed her a cup of coffee. Pepper nursed it and sipped lightly from it.
Tony scratched his head. "Yeah. Peter just created two AIs. He named one Karen and hasn't gotten the voice capabilities set up but he's got a second one in a pair of glasses called Edith."
When they reached the top, Tony went straight to the edge and looked down. "It's about twenty feet down." He decided.
"Kid knows too much," the woman muttered and that was all the warning they got before she brought out her gun and shot.
"I - I don't know Peter." Harry sighed. "Come on, we should head back before your your guide misses you and he skins my ass." Harry pulled Peter to his feet and Peter followed, leaning heavily on Harry.
"Extremis?" Tony stood and brushed himself off. Steve stood with him and both of them looked at the hole. "Yeah. That too."
"Jesus -!" Peter hopped up in surprise and stuck to the brick wall behind him. He glanced to his right and saw Bucky standing there.
Pain erupted in Peter's stomach and Peter swayed, having the breath taken from him. His hand began to tingle and feel absolutely out of this world.
When the Avengers were created in 2012, Tony opened his Tower to everyone and they all moved in. They gained a few Avengers as well and Tony had to add another floor to the Tower. There were four floors; a training floor, a recreational/domestic floor, dorm rooms, and another in the middle floor with a bunch of random shit.
"Talk to him." Bruce, who hadn't spoken much since any of this happened, finally spoke up. "Just...explain how you're feeling..."
Peter staggered back, swallowing hard. His throat had gone as dry as a desert and he felt dizzy and off balance. He swallowed back some bile and turned around weakly to see if the man was there and he wasn't.
With a startling realization, Steve realized that she knew. She knew he didn't like her the way she did. Steve promised and jumped onto the ship.
Peter's wings sputtered in and out, working only here and there. At times, they would be completely still again and whenever that happened-Peter never moved. His eyes would be glazed over and he'd be staring at nothing. He only jumped back to life when his wings starting beating again.
It did help and soon everyone opted into their own routines. At certain points in the day they would head down to the gym and train together.
Clint Barton's wings were a dark brown and stretched out seven feet long. They were like hawk wings and that made sense because he was Hawkeye. Clint asked Steve if he could see them and Steve nodded. Clint nodded back and sat down next to who Steve guessed was Natasha Romanoff.
"Hopefully nobody needs the avengers today or tomorrow because I have a feeling we'll be incapacitated for a bit," Steve chuckled next to them and Natasha smiled while Tony laughed.
They had a Star Wars marathon and Peter introduced MJ and Ned to the twins who had grown close to Peter pretty quickly. Pietro was more open to newcomers and he got along with Ned pretty well. Wanda liked staying off to the side because she was a bit shy and Peter knew she would rather be left alone.
Natasha shifted. "You may not be able to see him all the time but I can tell you and him have a deep bond and already he misses you." She sighed. "Plus, it might be nice to know what he likes."
Steve was released and he turned and realized that it was Tony. Steve felt his own wings quivering under the glare of Tony's. Tony looked at Steve's wings and opened his mouth to say something but then closed it.
"I could probably ask Jarvis to get some cat food," Bruce suggested and that comment gave him a scratch on the leg.
"As long as your dorks stay next to me it will be fine," MJ shrugged it off. Peter wished he had her kind of confidence honestly.
Peter stealthily swung past MJ and then Ned's house to May's apartment. He took the steps two at a time and knocked on the door.
Wanda and Pietro were trying to fight out of their bonds but Steve could see them struggling. Wanda looked like she was on the verge of tears and that made sense to Steve because she was probably reading Killian's mind.
When Steve came back, Colonel Chester Phillips turned him into a circus monkey-rallying the people of the US to fight for the war. Steve found it fun but Natalia found it humiliating. She went with Steve and never left his side, even when Peggy told her that the war would need someone like her.
"Well the system pinged you as a missing child but Friday wiped it because your name will come up as classified to any system below Shield." Phil explained.
but that doesn't mean I'm going to be anything short of cautious with her." Natasha snarled, sending a glare to Steve.
"What are you thinking about, Stevie?" Bucky poked him. He was sweaty, panting, and grinning. Natalia clearly gave him a workout.
She stood up, staring at him with a blank expression. She was a cross between anxious, awed, and proud of him while the others ran over to gather near the two of them.
CEO of Stark Industries rushed over to where Natasha was and Peter blinked in surprise when Natasha kissed Pepper's cheek.
This weekend, Peter had been allowed to invite MJ and Ned. So they came over on Friday and stayed over to Saturday. Ned barely talked and Peter had a feeling that Natasha was impressed by MJ. He also knew that MJ was just ever so slightly flustered by the fact that she got to meet Natasha
"It's why Tony didn't want to keep him." Peter pointed out. "He found the science sketchy and he didn't like that. So he made sure Pepper wouldn't hire that guy."
Peter shrugged and Harry slapped his forehead and then pinched the bridge of his nose. "Alright. Fine. Whatever. I'll drop it." And then they lapsed into silence.
"Hey listen," the leader, a tattooed and shaved bald man raised his hands slowly. "We don't want to cause any trouble. We were just discussing things civily."
She sighed and threw them all a glance before slowly heading upstairs. She tried to think about what she would say but decided that she would just have to go with the flow as she knocked on the door.
"And the way he acted," May pulled back, frowning. "How cold he was and how...almost rude - I - I've never seen that from him before. Not even when he was growing up."
and after a bit of chatting the other two left the next day in the morning. Peter was sitting around in his room and he checked with JARVIS to see if he could go out.
Natasha was Tony's other favorite. He loved to rub up against her chin and her ankles and pretty much everyone was surprised to see that she let him.
Steve nodded. "That's good to know." Pietro snorted. Steve shot him a look. "But, I'd like to ask-off the book obviously-a question to you."
"Got any homework bud?" Tony switched the subject and looked at Peter. Peter's mouth dropped for a second before he snapped it shut and his lips twitched.
She asked Harley once-why he doesn't just leave. Harley didn't answer her then and Bel ignored him and started to talk about her plan for leaving the orphanage once he didn't answer.
Wings, ranging from eighteen feet to three feet. Wings that were blue, purple, red, orange, black, green-every color in the damn color wheel. Wings that spread out around him in alarm as he ran through the facility he found himself in.
"I know," Black Widow replied and Peter realized that Phil had left. "I know and I'm going to help, I promise but can I...can I just..." Peter gave her a blank look, unsure as to what she was asking.
Bucky set him down gently behind him and then glanced beyond the wall to look at the gang. Bucky stood out all the way and walked forward and Peter spluttered. "Wait - wait -
Peter straightened. He was rambling but the point was that this was a date. This was something he had
Steve tried to ignore the puppy eyes, but found he couldn't. "I'd like to, but I have to ask my ma."
Peter ran down to the wharf that he goes to when he wants to clear his head and headed into an abandoned building and lay down on the roof, letting out a long sigh.
After everything was built, Tony, Steve, and Peter surfed Amazon, Hottopic, and other online stores for posters, nick knacks, clothes, and other thing. Natasha, Bucky and Clint found where May lived and worked on packing everything up and bring it to the Tower.
"Who would've thought that the great Iron Man was the pitiful Tony Stark?" Killian mused, toying with them. "Surely none of you?" He looked at the Avengers who were stone-cold glaring at him. Killian chucked. "Thought so."
Peter enjoyed being next to Harley, finding a constant smile on on his face when he hung out with the young man. The whole time, Peter continued to mull over how he would tell Harley he's Spider-Man but as time went on, he figured it would be better if he just said nothing.
But his strength was depleted and Peter figured he must have been drugged. If these people knew what powers Spider-Man had, they clearly had gone out of their way to make sure he wouldn't escape.
May looked like she was about to become hysterical but went quiet with Phil talking to her. Eventually she held out her hands and Phil handed her the papers and she willingly signed them. Natasha felt a swell of gratitude and slipped out of the door. She stopped when Phil came out and looked at her, intrigued.
." Natasha responded sharply, glaring him down. Peter shrank before becoming angry himself. Peter saw Bucky shoot him a sorry look but Peter ignored it in favor of throwing up his hands and making an annoyed sound before shoving himself out of his chair and stomping up to his room.
The man who had been sitting at the desk was standing there, holding out his hand. Peter didn't take it and he shoved through the door, looking around to find himself near...Stark Tower.
They were taller than he was-almost eight feet long when he was just six years old. Since they were so long, Tony decided to test something.
Peter stumbled a little upon hearing that but shook it out of his head. There's no way that they were talking about him or anything. But...it did sound like the voice that killed Ben...
"I'm sorry by the way," Peter put in. "I know this was supposed to be a special trip for you and I -"
The side door of the garage exploded, knocking down loose parts. A young man-about Harley's age-ran inside and slammed the door shut. The young man stepped back, staring at the door. He raised his hands as if waiting for it to burst back open.
The man tried to turn his gun and step towards her but she shot and the noise rang through the open aired room. She instantly felt regret - not killing the man but killing him in front of Peter.
"Good." The man glanced at Steve. "Make sure you do it or the arm will stiffen up and I really don't want to have to remake an arm. The first was bad enough..." he mumbled, walking away.
"Can't she just - I don't know, live with us?" he whispered. "That way I don't have to go to two different houses and you could get to know May better?"
"That's a yes," Clint remarked as Natasha crouched down with open hands. Tony scrambled back over to her and curled around her neck around her shoulders.
"He was in the area," Bucky shrugged. "But ah, we kind of learned something...interesting." Bucky pursed his lips and Sam frowned.
Peter ruffled his hair, messing with it in the reflection of an abandoned store. He was more nervous than he thought he would be. Come on, it was Harley! Sure, he looked hotter than he did all those years ago and sure he clearly grew up and yeah it's been awhile and he's nice and kind and -
He was in what looked like a hospital. A window was opened, giving him a gentle breeze as he woke up. A woman came in and told him that he was fine and okay but the game that was playing on the radio was the one that he went to with Bucky and-
"Did I just...hear a cat?" Bruce asked slowly. Steve turned to see Natasha climbing the wall and hopping over what could barely be called a fence. She reached behind her and tugged off a ball of black fur.
"Alright." Bucky came down with two boxes of stuff and Clint came down with one. "We've got everything in boxes so we just need to get everything out."
Tony barked a laugh that seemed a bit like a sob. "I can't believe you Cap. I do everything wrong and you
Steve Rogers from Brooklyn was offered a chance-only a chance-to fight for his country. Bucky was already over seas but he told Natalia and she was so happy for him. She was still upset that the only way she could get into the war was to be a nurse but once Steve signed up, she signed up as well-refusing to go anywhere except where he was.
A few were skeptical of Natalia but Steve sent her in first and afterward they ended up calling her 'Flirting Death'. Natalia preferred Black Widow.
"I'm sorry Mr. Parker, but you are a little biased, considering you've been with her for so long, you would have no idea if she actually kidnapped you," Phil interrupted, giving him a look.
Peter had been kidnapped 12 years ago when he had just been three years old. Natasha had left him with some SHIELD agents when she went on her own mission with Clint and when she came back he was gone and the SHIELD agents were incapacitated.
"He doesn't have wings." Steve said loudly. He looked at Natalia and Bucky who froze, eyes widening. "Tony Stark doesn't have wings."
"I mean she barely let May come over last Saturday." Peter complained. "May and I were separated on Wednesday and I spent Thursday and Friday trapped inside and getting to know the Avengers. And then I got to see May for like an hour on Saturday before they chased her off and I spent the rest of Saturday and Sunday all inside the Tower and with the Avengers. Mostly Natasha and Tony because they wouldn't fucking -" Peter breathed out sullenly. "They're protective."
At first, May continued to parent Peter and Natasha was on the sidelines, just observing. After a week of that, she started interacting and Peter felt complete relief as she began to (mostly) mimic May. There were some changes but they weren't the rapid and extreme changes as before and Peter was more than happy to oblige and listen to Natasha as though she had been his mother for his whole life.
Artie stumbled a bit but nodded rapidly and scampered off with his friends. The kid watched them go before scooping the pad up from the ground. He frowned, looking at the mud and dirt on it as he tried to scrape it off. He sighed.
Peter blinked. "I'm not an amazing engineer but sure, I'd - I'd like that." Then he frowned. "Wait, why am I living here?"
"Oh that's not good." He heard Falcon said and Peter flipped away, racing home. He tried to stay in down low areas, heart racing.
"How the actual fuck are you so good at this game?" Clint asked Peter in bewilderment. Peter just smirked and won first place for the second time.
Guards came after the person. The right wing flicked out and metal feathers spray from the wing-hitting the guards' necks and killing them instantly. Killian tried to rise but the metal feathers whipped out and stuck in him until he looked like a porcupine. Killian gurgled, then dropped down, dead.
"Relax Pete!" May laughed, handing him his lunch. "Don't forget to text Ben when you head home! And have fun at Oscorp!"
(He asked Bruce-the only Avenger that knows that he has and can see wings-and Bruce agreed to his assumption).
He got to the end of the day when it felt like something was off. Peter tapped his pencil anxiously, staring at the door. His teacher had to call to his name several time to get his attention back to class.
"So it's entirely possible that the Avengers won't let us see them?" Ned asked. Then he went quiet. "Or you?"
Instead, his wings just hovered and spread, letting him land softly on the ground. He landed and turned to see Tony frowning.
Tony laughed. "Nah, I get it Capsicle. So you just want me to sleep with you huh?" Tony's eyes glinted and Steve went redder.
As he grew older, he found he couldn't get much taller. According to his ma, it was because of all the sicknesses he had. Steve tried to make the most of it, even when the war started. He helped other people on the street, despite them not wanting his help and he fought back when people bullied him. Unlike what he did with Artie.
It took three days and all of the Avengers pitched in. Natasha had called the school saying that Peter was taking the rest of the week off. She and Tony explained the situation and then told the administrators that they would all have to sign an NDA. And when the Black Widow threatens you to stay silent, you stay silent.
"Whatever." Harley replied flippantly. "Just get the fuck out of here, jesus. Pretty sure your daddy wants you home before four o'clock." Harry fumed but took a deep breath and looked Peter.
"I - uh, toast?" Peter suggested, stammering. Sam nodded and started getting to work. "Uh...so...you and Ms. Potts...?" he looked over at Natasha who stared at him for a moment.
"Pete come on, they don't bite!" Harry rolled his eyes. Peter swallowed again and shot a lethal glare at Harry before stepping forward and worked himself up to put his hand in.
Tony insisted on a walk in closet so Peter had that be built underneath the loft. On top of the loft was Peter's bed and bathroom. In between the spiral staircase and the tinkering space was a floor to ceiling window that jutted out with a stretching space underneath it and the ability to open onto a mini balcony.
Natasha went on a rampage, desperately trying to find her son but after five years with no luck, Nick Fury told her to look after Tony Stark.
"But if I used my phone to tell you where I was and what I was doing," Peter started. "Would that be fine?"
There was Tony, wings spread and tear-streaked. He was holding the Infinty Gauntlet though and Steve recalled Gamora saying that if anyone tried to hold even one stone, they would die.
Peter got really worried when Harry pulled out some keys and jiggled the lock on a door. "Harry. This isn't going to be another whisker moth incident is it?"
Peter leaned over, frowning. He let out a silent gasp when he fell forward and then paused, shocked.
Later, Tony had a feeling that the reason why Steve stared at him so much was because when he woke up, that was the first time that Steve saw wings.
Tony quirked a brow. "It's okay Cap. I bet it was nice not having to listen to me or fight or hear the lab explode while I was a cat -"
is part of the reason why we got married." Bucky stood over them, triumphantly crossing his arms. Natalia was with him but smirked and left to go talk to Wanda.
Peter was still stuck frozen to the wall as his mind went on a whirlwind as he tried to sort out his thoughts. He saw the bald man pick up the woman and they began to ran and Peter found himself jumping to the ground and running after them.
"We thought you were lost and we tried to make more," The man mused and Peter had a half thought that this man was stalling for something. "None of them worked. None of our experiments created what we wanted but you...The blood of the Red Death with the mind of the Merchant of Death....and
"Can you get to a safe place to explain some more?" Bucky asked, calming Natalia. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Peter drop down-Clint right after him. Peter scrambled over to Steve (he would go to Tony and then Steve if he got scared).
"You slept with me," Steve pointed out and then spluttered. "I mean like - you as a cat would lay on my chest and purr - god that sounds worse..."
, you have the powers of Spider-Man." The man gave a wicked grin. "Maybe it was good that the Parkers stole you away. You've become quite the soldier for us."
"Yeah!" Peter barreled forward and launched into a hug with her. Natasha held him close and Peter felt safe.
Steve ran in and found Tony on the ground. A hole was blasted on the other side and lava seemed to leak out. Steve hurried over to Tony and attempted to help him up. Steve pulled away though because his hands practically burned.
"We ran into a gang." Peter explained quickly. "Turns out they were the gang that killed my par - adoptive parents and my uncle Ben. And um...I killed her." Peter pointed guiltily.
"Jarvis is currently fixing a containment problem in the third section of the Training Room A3," FRIDAY cheerfully responded. "If you require assistance, Miss Romanov, feel free to ask."
Natalia was instantly all over him, telling him that he had been screaming but Steve barely heard it. Peggy was staring at him and all around him loud voices calling out to each other n excitement-
"I'm going to start texting you to remind you to get home and sleep at a decent time dork," MJ snorted.
"Said he was going to his aunt's house." Steve tossed her toast and bacon. Pietro, Wanda, and Vision were eating in the lounge. Bucky was sparring air and Tony was stilled holed up in his lab (which he had been for the past three days).
"Uh oh," Harley brought him back to earth and Peter turned to look where Harley was looking. Peter startled a little when he saw Harry waiting at a stop light with two girls.
"My name is Phil Coulson," the man introduced himself. "And you're Peter Carbonell Parker, correct?"
"This guy's an idiot," Tony mumbled as he pounded down one of the Ultron Sentries (the backfired project's name and buddies that he created). "Love how he thought he could be as good as me-what do you think Pete! Did the guy succeed?"
"We got it!" Harley crowed. Steve looked and realized that Harley ran over to Strange and Wong. The portal was up and ready for all of them. They filed up and started heading out when Tony turned to Steve.
"No!" Tony, Natasha, Clint, Bucky, and Sam collectively barked. Thor chuckled and Natasha vaguely registered Bruce saying something through the comm.
"How was your party?" Natasha asked Scott. Scott was a nice guy and he was one of the newest editions with Hope Van Dyne and Carol Danvers.
Tony had his hair styled back in his usual windswept style. A gold ban was pushed in and held a white train behind him. It was beautiful but...
"So does this mean the next Star Wars marathon is at your house?" MJ smirked, sipping a school smoothie.
"The more you talk, the less I understand," Natasha said dryly and Clint lightly punched her shoulder.
Steve didn't understand why Tony cared so much about everyone so he finally asked him why he acted so distraught when even one person died. Tony looked Steve in the eye and said, "Because they didn't have to die. Those are people who are just living their lives and it's not just villains who kill them and rip their families apart-it's us too. We attract those villains and it causes people to die." Tony wiped his mouth and looked at the ground. "That's why."
"This is horrible." Tony fumed under his breath as the priest began the ceremony. "I can't believe-"
Steve wasn't sure because the man that offered him the chance-Abraham Erskine- didn't explain much about what he was offering Steve, just that he could be a soldier (Natalia freaked, thinking it would hurt Steve and scolded him for a good hour before Peggy assured her that it wouldn't hurt. Steve heard her mutter "hopefully" though).
"Ouch." Clint - Hawkeye - sighed. He got to his feet pretty easily though and threw Mr. Stark a glare who was still giggling.
Tony shook, his eyes closed and his mouth in a tight line. The red-hot-lava like substance seemed to flow through him, underneath his skin until he stopped.
The trio headed off the bus together and filed after their class. Peter looked up and noticed the the security cameras guarding the entrance.
"Anything else on the Parkers that might give us anything else?" Natasha asked, ignoring the other comments. Tony's brow furrowed.
"Now that that's done," Steve muttered and left the room, trying to push down the emotions that were rising. Tony didn't remember anything? Great, just his luck.
"And Harley just -" Peter stopped and bit his lip before looking at May meekly. "He just asked me out."
Tony seemed immobile so Peter shakily got to his feet. He walked over to Clint and unhooked him. Peter seemed out of energy after that because he fell, collapsing. Clint quickly caught him before he could hurt himself anymore. Clint gently set him down and turned to everyone else.
want in a child. They can choose how to have you grow up. They dictate everything in your life because suddenly-they're your parents.
Natasha went rigid, Clint outright laughed, Steve frowned, and Bucky glared at Phil saying, "Yeah. I don't think that's happening."
"I mean the road continues up to Upstate New York." Tony explained. And since his mouth didn't know how to shut up, he added, "But we can't do that."
"I - we got lost and then Harry showed me a short cut that ended up not being a short cut." Peter cast a glancing glare at Harry who shrugged.
"That a threat?" Peter looked over the group. There were three other men and one woman who looked rough and tough. But he had a feeling that he and Bucky would be able to take them on. "What are you doing way out here anyways?"
"Peter?" Bucky sounded curious and not sure but Peter's heart rate spiked and he found that he couldn't say anything.
Steve and the Howling Commandos worked over the next few weeks to destroy every HYDRA base that Steve remembered from the map he saw when he rescued Bucky.
"So tomorrow huh?" Bucky asked when she got into the car and Natasha suddenly remembered her friend's super hearing. "You sure your ready for that?"
Pepper smiled softly at her. "I know." she kissed Natasha again. "You know I'm here if you need me right?"
"It's okay. It's just me." Harry whispered, his voice tickling Peter's ear. Peter shivered, throat going dry. It was only a few months ago when he found out he was gay and Harry being this close was not helping.
Sighing and wishing for some originality, Peter squinted and tried to figure out where he was based on what he could see. But so far there was nothing and he glanced down to see he was tied to a chair. His ankles and wrists were tied down and he tried to twist his neck or break the bonds.
"We have to find the gang," Natasha explained. "We're trying to figure out how to get Bucky to spill the beans."
"I - yeah," Peter nodded, feeling a slight sense of whiplash from the topic change in the conversation.
Steve rolled his eyes and walked over to them. Steve pulled but it refused to move and instead Tony tripped into Steve.
Steve ended up in his bedroom, finishing a sketch he had started of Tony as a cat by the window sill. He filled in some lines and tried not to mess it up by adding too much. Sketching was really a way for him to get his mind off of things and today was no exception.
"Of course they do kid but I'm not here because of that," Bucky looked around. "I'm not ever really around for Avengers things unless they absolutely need me cause I can be a bit...dangerous. So I tend to help people get home safe,"
Pepper just chuckled and patted Tony's head which shut him up for a moment in which he blinked and then went back to snapping and hissing following her as far as he could go on the counter.
Natasha frowned, sitting back. "He's not going to like it. There is no version of reality that he would like this. Of course, the alternative is he has one of us come with him to his school. See which one he prefers."
Natasha glanced at Bucky, wondering if he was going to say anything. Bucky glanced at her and Bucky sighed. "I'm probably going to stay away. I have no idea what Winter thinks of Peter yet."
"He did AMA-zing!" Peter responded back through the comms. Steve looked up above where the rest of the team should be, fighting on top of the city that was slowly rising into the sky.
or anything if that's what you mean..." Peter startled, surprising her as well. "I - May! May, where's - where's May?!"
JARVIS went quiet again and Peter didn't wait for a response as he slipped out of the room and through the window. He attached himself to the glass for a brief moment, glancing back before sling shooting himself towards the nearest building.
"Would it help if one of the Avengers came?" Phil offered. Peter's head whipped around to look at Phil and he gaped.
"I was told it was a defect," Peter said nervously. "The doctors said that my parents had genes that conflicted and so I got...like..two different eye colors. It's not that prominent, you'd have to be looking straight at me..."
"Uh, yeah. My - Richard and Mary Parker." Peter nodded. Black Widow examined him for a moment, looking him over.
He couldn't help it though. Everything about the damn man just reminded him of Howard and he hated that.
Tony, Natalia, Bucky and T'Challa were on the right of him. Thor, Bruce, Sam, Pietro, and Wanda were to the left of him. Thor was missing an eye and beard. Bruce was shaking and looking close to hulking out.
Peter began to screech, more so in shock than pain. Harry's second hand rapidly rose to cover Peter's mouth and Peter shook off the spider and grabbed the keys and pulled out. Harry quickly put the cover over the tank and they both held their breaths for a moment.
Tony looked up at him. "Yeah, don't do that." His eyes had small flickering flames of fire inside them. His body looked like it was burning, moving underneath his skin.
Steve walked over and crouched down to gently reach out his hand. Tony startled slightly but he turned to sniff at Steve's hand and then he promptly licked it. Steve froze for a second, startled that
"Come over here and find out." the words fell out of his mouth before he could stop them and they stared at each other.
It took only a few minutes with Tony's wings adding little bursts of wind behind them to get to the docks. The different abandoned warehouses lined up along the dock.
"Keep your cool," Peter heard the bald man mumble. "If these guys somehow manage to send us to jail you'll be carded for the Ben kerfuffle."
Phil started to answer when there was the cool hiss of a door sliding open and Peter turned to see...
Natasha blinked and turned to see May being held by Clint. She looked queasy and white. She swallowed hard. "I - I don't want him going outside either. He's safe in this Tower."
Every fighting bone in his body died as he saw her body go limp at his strength and fly backward. He heard a horrifying crack as her body came to an abrupt stop as it hit the brick wall behind her.
Natalia freed soldiers as Steve ran to find Bucky. He found Bucky in an abandoned room, muttering his Sergeant name and strapped to a testing table. Quickly, Steve got them both out as the camp blew up around them.
The day started normal - MJ and Ned peppered him with questions, he gave them answers, told them what was happening with his family, and he felt like his AP Chemistry test went amazing.
"Phil will determine that." Natasha replied and Peter's frown turned into a glare. Natasha gave him a look and he sighed, looking away.
"I know gangs - nothing civil happens," Peter snorted. He stayed on the wall while Bucky looked like he was sizing up the situation.
of the Avengers were standing in front of him. Captain America was standing next to Tony Stark and there was Hawkeye and Bruce Banner and Thor to the side. The Falcon had bypassed everyone to make something in the kitchen and the Winter Soldier had followed but paused to hear the conversation.
"Twins." Natalia growled, glaring at Killian the whole time. "Stop beating yourselves up-you won't get out."
Peter looked like he wanted to say something but nothing came out and Natasha took her cue to open her arms. She didn't need to reach for him; he scooted closer to her and gently pressed himself to her and she hugged him tightly.
