“No.  Not the way it should have been.  There are no declarations, no feelings that can overwrite what has happened so what we may or may not have been destined doesn’t matter.  We are who we are and what’s happened has happened.  Nothing we do can erase that or bring forth the would-have-been possibilities.  I’m not … I’m just not the person who could be right for you nor am I the person who would subject you to anything less than what you should have.”
“See, you and your brother have that grand deduction gift in spades but there is one thing that Mycroft is better at.”
His look turns to horror and he rushed past me just about knocking me on my ass.  I’m hot on his heels.  We got out to the hallway when he suddenly turned on me with this look of pissed-off determination.
John noticed the tube of lube lying next to his knee and grabbed it.  He tipped the top and squeezed until Sherlock’s hand that was gripping his cock was doused in the stuff.  He also reached back and glopped some more around his own entrance and stroked Sherlock’s cock stroking languidly in and out of him.  The friction hadn’t been a problem so far, but he had a feeling it would soon become an issue.
Sherlock interrupted him before he was done explaining his point-of-view.  “I’ve been through this before.  The tests, they’re archaic at best and that’s if the physician isn’t a complete dolt.  They are nothing short of hell if he is.  I’m not going to some barbarian or someone I cannot trust and since you’re the only one that I do trust … ”  He left the end of the sentence unspoken but clearly understood.
He smiled and his breath caught in his throat a moment before he continued.  “Excellent.  And have you come to terms with those feelings of lust for me?”
“Really?”  John said to absolutely nobody.  “Fine.  Be a childish little prick.”  He picked up his phone and started texting Lestrade.
A few hours and several cups of tea later, Sherlock finally gave a sharp intake of breath and lifted his head.  “Ugh,” he wiped his mouth and flopped onto his side.
“Because he knows what you like, that’s why.  Why would he think that you want someone who looks like me, Sherlock?  Or someone who IS me, perhaps?”  John was smiling.
“That’s done then.”  He discarded his equipment on the nearby table and then placed a hand on Sherlock’s hip.  “C’mon, over you go.  Not much time left”
Sherlock moaned and then seemingly stopped himself as though the sound had escaped without his permission.
“John, listen to me.  Focus.”   His hand found my softening cock and began stroking slowly.  I heard a distant, soft voice behind me.  “Breathe John.  Right now, breathe.”
“Greg!  Lestrade!  Oh, jeezus … nevermind.”  He picked up the syringe again and took in a deep breath to calm himself before wilding the sharp instrument.  “Let me just say this,” he pointed the capped syringe at Sherlock, “you do not own our friendship exclusively.  It is half mine and if you think I’m going to sit back and watch you take yourself away from that, you are crazy.  I partly own our times we have yet to come as well and I’m not going to let you deprive me of that so you damn well better buckle in because this ride is going to be bumpy enough without you trying to jump off.”
“SHERLOCK!”  John ran toward him as fear gripped him at his throat.  He found himself begging any power that be to please please please let Sherlock be fine.
John continued, “And that is people.  He reads people better than you.  He sent you a hooker with a resemblance to me because why?”
"Jeezus christ, Sherlock." John straightened his posture, lifted his head and puffed his chest. "Yep, loads of times. Many many sorts of time I've seen him naked. Doesn't bother me a bit."
“It doesn’t hurt like crazy.  It hurts right at first and then it turns into something amazing.  I promise that any orgasm you have ever had prior to this will pale in comparison.”
Sherlock pulled John with him as he lay down on the sofa, deepening the kiss.  John easily followed his lover to a horizontal position, straddling Sherlock’s waist.  John was happy that Sherlock hadn’t seen fit to put on additional clothing while he waited for him to return.  Getting straight to the skin to skin contact was a wonderfully easy matter.  His hands roamed over the gloriously smooth skin of Sherlock’s chest and abdomen until he was abruptly pushed away from Sherlock’s face, effectively ending a perfectly amazing kiss.
“Sherlock?”  I say and hate the squeak that passes through in my voice.  I clear my throat.  “You know I’ve never actually done this before, right?”
“I’m sorry.  Again, not romantic at all, I know.  I need gravity working with us, just long enough to get what I need.  I promise, I’ll get naked directly after.”
John was struck speechless at the thought of Sherlock taking in his fill, looking over John’s naked body as though it were his personal experiment, learning every mark, every curve, every line.  “Uh …”  He stopped trying to make intelligent sounds and simply nodded and lead the way upstairs, Sherlock very definitely following.
“Four years of undergraduate school, four years of medical school, six years in residency and then another seven years in practice.  All of that medical knowledge and the best you have are frozen vegetables?” Sherlock asked indignantly.
“John?”  Shit he sounds nervous again.  “I’m going to do something else…it’s…well, you’ll like it.”  I had no time to respond when I felt my cheeks being pulled apart and something warm and wet directly on my arsehole.
Sherlock knew there had not been a Gala at the Art museum in 3 years. Fundraisers of other sorts, sure, but a “Gala”, no.  Also, Mrs. Slitheen keeps her jewelry box on her dresser, not her nightstand.  Bless John and his distraction efforts.  “A locked room robbery?!  Is it my birthday?”
Sherlock turned and looked at John over his shoulder.  “See!  What do I say about making premature assumptions before you have all the facts?”  He locked eyes with John.  They both broke out into face-splitting grins and didn’t even try to contain their laughter.
“Keep breathing John.  Feel all of it, all together.”  I closed my eyes and felt him moving his hand behind me.  “Push against me this time.  It’ll open you up for me.”  His fingers found my hole once more, gliding in and out of me once again.
Sherlock grabbed me before I could make it five feet away.  He wrapped his arms around me.  He feels nice, secure.  It feels good to be held by him.  “Hey.  It’s okay.”
John stood quickly when he noticed it was Sherlock that Sylvia had been shouting at.  He bustled in with his coat billowing behind him, a look of terror on his face.
“Certainly.  Why wouldn’t I be?”  He lifted John’s gown again and began pressing his fingertips into John’s abdomen just as John had done to him.
“Whoa, sorry.”  John, visibly shaken, stood abruptly and discarded his gloves into the bin.  “Sorry, Sherlock.  I was listening to you and … forgot to let go.  I didn’t mean … I apologize.”
“Yes.”  Sherlock suddenly found the floor very interesting to look at.  “I was held in a Serbian prison.”
“I knew you were going to say that.  You heard me and you can see what I’m doing and I’m pretty sure you can deduce where I’m putting this injection.  Use your own methods, Sherlock.”
Experience, he decided.  He needed more experience.  He couldn’t just depend on the one image he had to erase months of what had happened.  If you added one drop of white paint to a bucket of black paint, it would still be black paint.  He needed more.
“Not yet, John.”  Sherlock braced himself up with one arm, hovering directly over John as he used his other hand to gently caress John’s perineum and the sensitive skin of his entrance.  Sherlock was aware of all of the nerve endings located in that area and so chose not to linger too long before pushing a single finger inside, one-knuckle deep.  John’s gasp against Sherlock’s skin was intoxicating.  An electric frission of heat engulfed him in a scintillating wave starting with his toes and caressing its way warmly up through his body, up to his head before finally settling the concentrated heat at his core.  Those noises were delicious.  Absolutely delicious.  He pushed in deeper into John’s body and smiled at the success when he heard that sound once again.  Felt the pressure of the breath escape John and land on Sherlock’s cheek.  He lowered himself closer, needing to feel his lips against his own.
He couldn’t bear witness to the realization in his friend’s eyes.  Sherlock looked away, squeezed his eyes closed, gripped the armrests more firmly and quietly cursed his brother.  He didn’t see it but he heard it.  John asking again where the patient was that he was called over to see.  Mycroft not answering him for a moment and finally telling John that Sherlock was not consulting on the case at all and that he never said the victim was a “she”.  Sherlock heard the nervous clearing of the throat and knew John also shifted his weight on his feet, he could feel John’s gaze bore into him, realization dawning.
John rubbed at his side protecting his ribs from further blows.  “You’re right.  Let me make it up to you.”
“I have a say in the matter, Mycroft.  I’m certain you are abusing your power in order to fight your little brother’s battles and I do not condone nor do I appreciate your interference.”
John smiled back.  This man.  This incredible man.  “Would it surprise you to know that I would rather like to kiss you now?”
John nodded.  “I think she’s tougher than that, but you’re right.  She adores you and it would be hard on her.”
"I'll leave you to it then." Dr Humphrey left John with the supplies he would need as another gurney was wheeled in through the ambulance bay.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and continued.  “Drugs deal gone wrong.  Recently divorced banker just started into using four, no six months ago, his usual dealer was unavailable or has overextended his credit.  Used  a dealer he wasn’t familiar with, an unsavory character, a drug addict himself.  The shooter became paranoid and shot the victim during the deal.”
Sherlock grasped John’s arm.  He wasn’t sure if it was to calm himself or get him to stay with him.  He knew he needed to do his counting and breathing exercises, get ahold of himself, but things were just so far down the tunnel.  It was difficult to come up with the right order of the numbers, to think or to breathe.
Sherlock attempted a steely glare that really only looked like a pissed off, pouty kitty cat.  “So you’re saying my only two options are frozen produce or medication being forced inside my body anally?”
Sherlock set his two samples on top of a paper towel on the countertop.  He looked forlornly at the exam table all set up and waiting for him to lay upon it.
“I’m a …  compared to you…?  Ugh … holy jeez.”  John’s eyes stopped roaming when he found the man’s cock.
“No, of course you don’t, yet you buy them every time you go to Tesco because you know I love them.”
Sherlock thinned his lips in anger. "Wrong!" Sherlock slumped back on the ground once more. "Lestrade, I'll go to A&E"
“Yes, of course.  It produces a white, alkaline substance that consists of 50-75% of the male ejaculate.”
Sherlock thought for a moment.  “Mrs Slitheen doesn’t have any other overnight staff at her estate.”
“Right, she had a …” Sherlock closed his eyes and felt the cold and then the pressure of the internal examination.  He took slow deep breaths.
Several moments later, Sherlock cocked his head, “do you think your twin is still outside the door?”
“I’m not a urologist am I?  They don’t just allow me to commandeer their equipment whenever I like.  I did a rotation in urology.  I’ve done over a hundred cystoscopies.  I’m confident I can do it, but it’s not my specialty.  It’s either this or I have to refer you.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sat up, wrapping the blanket around himself.  John handed him his tea and they sat face-to-face.
John ran a hand through his hair.  His partner looked so miserable, he just wanted to help him find relief.  “All right, fine.  But, I’m putting frozen peas in your armpits and behind your neck.”
As soon as the door closed, Sherlock grabbed John’s lapels and hauled him forward, planting a kiss to his forehead.  “That was bloody brilliant.”
Sherlock nodded looking a bit less miserable.  "You know John, you really should stop coming to a conclusion without all the facts."  Sherlock sighed and slumped his head on his other arm, submitting the injured one to John.  He closed his eyes shutting out the world and began to drift off leaving John to wonder what the hell that statement was about.
“You are embarrassed about this marring of your flesh.  You don’t leave your shirt off very often, not even after you leave the shower or when it’s very hot, not even when you are with a woman.  You hide it as though it is a nuisance or a reminder of a person you no longer see yourself in or a painful past.  I see it as beautiful.”  Sherlock reached out a tentative hand to touch it.  “It’s …”
John finished the exam and covered Sherlock back up again moving away and pulling off his gloves.  “Well, you’re forgetting about the Personal Trainer.”
“I mean,”  John bent down to remove his lover’s shoes, socks, trousers and pants.  “that you are not curious for the sake of ‘The Work’.  You are just curious.”
Dr. Humphrey looked at Sherlock and then at John again. "Right. Got it," and proceeded to treat Sherlock's wound. "I'm going to put some morphine into your IV. Do you have someone to look after you at home tonight? I don't want to send you home with this stuff in your system if you live alone. I could admit you for observation for the night." The doctor pushed the medication into Sherlock's IV.
The thrusts became impossibly faster, deeper and he couldn’t stop the whimper that escaped as he was penetrated repeatedly.
John was sipping his morning tea when he finally heard Sherlock moving about in his room. He moved toward him quickly before Sherlock did something to knock his stitches loose.
He laughed.  He added more lube, placed the blunt tip of his cock at my opening again and pushed forward.  I know what to do now.  It hurt.  It hurts like a sonovabitch but I relaxed and let him in.
Sherlock looked awkwardly at his watch while John held his arm up.  “Oh.”  He sat up quickly.  “Just grab a piece of tape.  Quickly.”
Sherlock submitted and plopped down in his chair.   “Thank you, John.  I suppose I am still a bit weak, but I’m fine.”
“Mrs Slitheen?  What has she lost now?” Sherlock asked as John coaxed Sherlock to lie down flat on the table.  He felt the gown being lifted, his legs parted as John’s clinical touch continued.
John kissed Sherlock’s right arse cheek.  “Uh uh, one more.  Then I’ll make you come.  I promise it will be the best orgasm of your life.”
John rolled his eyes.  He was sure Sherlock was laying it on a bit thick but he wanted to see to his friend anyway.  In the year he’d known the man, John seemed to be the only person Sherlock permitted to touch him or show him any affection.  That was an assumption on John’s part.  There were days Sherlock would be gone for hours and John had no idea where he was or what he was up to but there were no outward signs that Sherlock was seeing anyone romantically and John thought, hoped, that Sherlock would tell him if that were the case.
John gave a tight-lipped smile knowing he had never told Sherlock how old he was when he lost his virginity, but he wasn’t wrong either.  “What’s fine?”
John let his gown fall.  “Oh, I guess … well that’s sort of,” he sighed.  “Not between us, of course, but it kind of reminds me of that.  You know, being touched, being kissed or licked or bit or whatever, and then just watching what happens to the skin?”
Sherlock rolled quietly onto his back, pulled the covers up over him again and stared at John.  “I think you have already assessed that there is bruising present.  How big the bruise is is irrelevant.  The treatment is the same.  Ice, which I see you’ve brought with you,” Sherlock reached for the bag of ice laying on the floor at John’s feet.
Sherlock slowed.  “No, don’t stop yourself, John.  Cry out, please.  It’s supposed to be sloppy and loud and vulgar.  Let it go.  I want to hear you.  Want to hear what I do to you.”
“Won’t be needing it.”  Sherlock grabbed a thermometer off the counter with a flourish and presented it to John.  “My research indicated the most accurate temperature is a core temperature.”
“Mmhmm,” John moved the blanket aside and placed the icepack himself before returning the cover.  “I’ll look at it again to make sure it’s not getting worse.”
“A few.  I’m going to do the usual, PSA and blood culture, but I also want hormone levels, testosterone, parathyroid …”
“I did have this one gentlemen though,” John shook his head in frustration.  “I just hate it when I fall for it.  If there is one thing I cannot stand it’s being manipulated.”  John sounded angry.
“Ungh … gawd …”  was about all the sound Sherlock could muster at the moment.  He felt John’s denim-clad cock press against his backside, grind into him.  A strong arm held him tightly around the waist as kisses were rained down upon his back, right down the center over his spinal column.  He let out a breathy “Oh” as he realized he was being bent over, lowered to the bed.  “Well done, Doctor.  Well done indeed.”  Instead of feeling the coldness of overexposure to his backside though, he felt John right up against him, keeping him warm.  So much less awkward.
My libido is helpfully responding to Sherlock.  No question.  I pushed back and soon we were sprawled on the couch, me on top of him, his dressing gown not the cover it was intended.  We grinded against each other, continuing the kisses, moving them down his throat, clavicle, nipples.  Ugh, God!
John was surprised that Sherlock's 'problem' hadn't surfaced at all. The medics had to cut away his trousers all the way up to his groin to get the material out of the way. They had manhandled him and examined him thoroughly.
Sherlock shuddered, “yes that does sound like a long tedious day.”  Sherlock turned back toward his microscope.
John let go and took a step back.  He hadn’t meant to hurt Sherlock but maybe he couldn’t remove himself personally without getting over the anger he felt first.  He recapped the needle and set the syringe back down on the counter.  “I’m sorry.  You all right?”
“Yes.  Well sometimes we do scopes under general or light sedation, but I’m going to need you to walk out of here with me in about forty-five minutes, so, just the local.  Do you feel like you need something more?”
“No no, I think it’s priceless.  The Great Sherlock Holmes comes in storming off about righteous indignation and your holier-than-thou attitude and how nobody could possibly walk a mile in your genius shoes, but here you are all arse up and YOU caused it by being a complete and utter berk!  I think that’s justice if I’ve ever heard it.”
“Alright then.  Not much time, I’m afraid.  Off with the knickers and up on the table.”  John announced as he turned and patted the paper lining on the exam table.
“No, hands off.”  John batted his hands away once more.  “Lie back down again.  I’ll get you dressed,” John motioned toward the exam table.
Sherlock was obviously back with the program, kissing John back, running his hands desperately along John’s body.  “Sherlock, have you ever been penetrated before?”
“Because I don’t have a medical kink.”  John finished his task and stood up to come face-to-face with Sherlock.  “Also because I’m a gay man,” he paused at Sherlock’s look of surprise! “I know I'm bisexual, but that doesn’t matter when I’m only shagging you and plan on being with you until we’re dead, so … gay is fine."
John smiled in satisfaction as the person who made that happen but he was still a doctor.  “It’s the effects of the prostate massage.  I’m afraid that might be temporary so don’t be surprised if your symptoms return gradually.”
John moved his tongue around in his mouth attempting to get rid of the grating feel and taste of wood on his tongue.  “Blah … I hate that.”  He watched Sherlock toss the stick into the trash bin.  “Hope that was good for you,” John deadpanned.
“Sorry, yes, Dr. Rowandunsteigal is in desperate need of a demonstration.  I know Dr. Mumford keeps an ultrasound in his examination area so I thought I would just pop in and show the good doctor exactly how to use such a complex machine.  You know, for the betterment of mankind and … such.”
“John!  You have to help me,” Sherlock began tossing his coat aside quickly.  He then proceeded to open his trousers.
“So you had no sooner been raped and tortured in a Serbian prison for eight weeks, been rescued and then found me before I beat the living hell out of you?”  John stood, pacing the floor.  “Jeezus fucking Christ, Sherlock.  And you … you let me just pummel you even though … fuck.”  John took a few deep breaths.  “God, I’m so fucking sorry, Sherlock.”
John moved forward.  “Oh shut it,” he said with fondness and pressed his lips chastely against Sherlock’s.
John didn’t make them wait any further for the explanation for his comment.  “Look at him,” he said gesturing toward Sherlock, “look at your brother for fuck sake and deduce,” he said with air quotes, “whether or not he wanted me to know about this.”
“Keep stroking you?  Absolutely.”  John placed the sample carefully on his desk while maintaining his ministrations inside of Sherlock.  Once that was taken care of, he turned his clinical side completely off and gave his … boyfriend???  The full attention he needed.
“Oh, aren’t you the bossy one all of a sudden.”  John chuckled and spared a moment to take off his clothes quickly before joining Sherlock on the bed.
John thought about Sherlock's issue during his medical exam and then his hand injury. Treating his injuries hadn't been an issue before John found out about the medical kink Sherlock obviously had, but he hadn't really known Sherlock all that long beforehand. He had to chalk up this new-found safety-mindedness to Sherlock's 'problem'. Sherlock was embarrassed and he didn't want to be caught out like that anymore even though he had explained to Sherlock that it was fine--no big deal. Everyone has their things that make them go, but it was another issue to be caught outright. John supposed he understood and it really was none of his business. It's not like their friendship was based completely on Sherlock's gravitation toward danger. Yes, it was boring but he was happy his friend was staying away from danger and away from being injured.
’  “Fine,” John turned to find his lover over the table just like he had described looking sinfully debauched.  “Stand up, Sherlock.”  John walked into the kitchen.
Sherlock held up the bandaged hand in front of him as though just now noticing it.  “This is going to make certain activities bothersome,” he announced.
“Yes, I’m a physician who doesn’t give unwarranted and invasive examinations to just anyone who asks for one!”
“Sherlock!  That’s cruel.  I bet …” John huffed, “…I bet you made her feel like an idiot for spilling.  I bet you shouted at her and called her names, right?”
Sherlock glanced at the clock when the door was being noisily opened and not-very-quietly shut again.  It was 1am.  He had been sleeping but not very well.  Hopefully, John would just go quietly up the stairs and fall asleep.  There was a 60% chance he would.  John hated declarations of feelings.  He was very British after all, but then again, he had already done it once today and he was drunk so Sherlock couldn’t guess.  He closed his eyes and pretended to be asleep, his back to the bedroom door.
Sherlock gave him a scowl and turned back toward the counter for his next instrument selection.  John breathed a sigh of relief when it was just the reflex hammer.  They spent the next several minutes with Sherlock gently tapping John at certain joints anticipating the correct responses.  Some he performed absolutely correctly and others John would guide him in the right direction.  Sherlock pulled out other various instruments applying them in different ways checking for different automatic responses, which, apparently, John had provided with a “fascinating” response.
John looked pensive for a moment and then nodded once, quickly and stood up straight.  His gaze focused on a point somewhere over Sherlock’s shoulder.
“John, relax.  You’re hyperaware of everything I’m doing to your arse.  Concentrate on my mouth on your cock.”  As a demonstration, he took me into that wet heat once more.
“And you’re being dangerous.  Erase your profile on that dreadful site and text your brother or I will.”  John hung his head and rubbed the bridge of his nose and mumbled under his breath but Sherlock heard it anyway, “or go to fucking therapy and deal with it properly and forget all this bullshit.”
“This is an ultrasound of your bladder.  I can check for post-void residual.   It’s done just after …”
The Lonely Hearts ad had taken more effort then he would have imagined.  He had to take a picture of himself to send to prospective clients … well, people … eh, dates?  Deciding that his face was too recognizable, he took a picture in the mirror of his shirtless chest, one flexed bicep and unfastened trousers showing a hint of striped red and black pants.  He had photo shopped some of the more disturbing scars out of the picture but he was satisfied with the results.  Hiding scars might possibly be construed as deceiving, but he wasn’t trying to enter into a relationship after all.  He simply needed sexual release that had a more gratifying ending for himself and also he wanted for his own rape to not be the only database of practical sexual knowledge he had.  A dark room or keeping his shirt on during intercourse might be necessary, but he had a feeling whoever he was going to have sex with, would not mind.  After a week of the online ad, he had more than a few responses, as a matter of fact; the sheer number of responses was a bit dizzying.
John sat on a desk chair across from Sherlock.  “I’m just going to feel your lymph glands.”  He pressed his hands with flat palms up to the area under Sherlock’s jaw and around his neck.  “Alright, raise this arm for me a bit.  Checking more glands.”  He pressed again to the area under his patient’s arm and then the other.  After he checked pulses in the upper extremities, he hoped Sherlock wasn’t as tense as he had obviously been.
“Tell me what your symptoms are.”  John wrapped fingers around Sherlock’s wrist, easily finding the pulse point.
I sighed.  “I suppose I do.  I guess I’ll continue my blissed-out, perfectly warm, post-coital nap then.”
"No, we don't remove the bandage because it might break up the clot that's already formed and start it bleeding again. We'll see about it when we get to hospital."
“No, I said it was smart to proceed to the next step as well but not that I was cutting them out altogether.  This might simply be a bacterial infection.  A short course of cipro and all is well.”
“Oh, Sherlock.” John said with sympathy.  He grabbed a couple of flannels and ran them under the cool water in the sink before he knelt down next to him.  Speaking in soothing tones, John rubbed the cool cloth over the back of Sherlock’s neck.  “Think you’re done?”
“No, God no!  More slowly though, yeah?”  John took in a deep breath, visibly relaxed on the exhale and grabbed onto Sherlocks biceps and pulled his knees more outward and toward his chest.
John nearly choked on the air he was breathing, then smiled warmly.  “I think you just asked me to go steady with you.”
Instead of an answer John heard a very loud rendition of Bach symphony No. 3 played by the London Philharmonic Orchestra from Sherlock’s play list. He checked the door, it was locked.  He slapped it in frustration. John pinched the bridge of his nose and took a breath.  Obviously Sherlock had no intention of talking right now.  Unfortunately he also knew that when Sherlock locked himself in his room, sometimes he stayed there for days barring a phone call from Lestrade and a locked-room murder.
John tilted his head and crumpled his face as though it were obvious.  “Well, Dr Mumford doesn’t speak Istanbulean now does he?”
Once the wooden blade was in place and John was saying “aaaahhhh” for as long as he could, Sherlock shined the light in and explored.  “Fascinating,” Sherlock finally said just before he pulled back and stood up straight.  “Hmm.”
“No.  I can’t give it in tensed up muscles.  It can cause muscle cell death, I’d have to surgically remove the muscle.  Is that what you want?  Another hole in your arse?”
He stood up at the side of the bed and pulled Sherlock’s feet out of the pants.  Once he discarded them he grabbed both of Sherlock’s ankles and gently pulled them apart, placing both on his shoulders once more.  “Beautiful.”  John took in the sight before him.
“God, Sherlock.”  John shivered and sunk into the hold Sherlock had on him.  He pulled his top leg up further and spread himself open allowing the penetration to go as deep as Sherlock would have him.
“Yes, of course.  Cover up all evidence from your doctor, acting normal, hiding your pain.  Everything status quo.”  Mycroft sounded annoyed but sighed and moved on.  “No need.  There are extra clothes in the exam room for when you’re finished.  I’ll have those burned myself.”
Sherlock let out a sigh of relief.  The friendship should still be intact then.  He straightened his posture, pulled on his dressing gown and tied it up more tightly.  “Good.  I want to thank you for allowing me your company last night.  It was helpful and I’m very appreciative of your efforts.  I hope this doesn’t cause any awkwardness or stress to our friendship and I hope we can continue as though it never happened.  I think we’re both adult enough to acknowledge it as what it was and move on.”  He nodded stiffly and moved down the hall to his bedroom and then to the shower, leaving a slack-jawed John in his wake.
Skeptically, I attempted to relax.  Every muscle set, one by one, I made to release the tension as his hands roamed comfortingly over my body.  He re-situated the pillows and pulled me closer into him.  One hand reached under me, around my side to grasp my prick.  Slowly he stroked my cock while the other hand wandered all over me.  He was so warm against my backside.
“That’s good.  That’s normal.  Fight or flight mechanisms diminish urine production.  That’s a good sign.”
“Did that hurt you?”  John would chalk up Sherlock’s abrupt approach as inexperience, which he was but he was also running out of patience.  He needed John’s body to be his.  Now. He felt like the bubble would pop any moment and instead of being in bed with John, the he would start to see and feel … like he wasn’t actually here.  He needed to feel something real, something perfect, just once.
“Take the light away for a moment and then do it again.”  After Sherlock did as he was instructed, John continued.  “The pupil in the right eye will obviously constrict but the left eye has to as well even though the light isn’t in that one.  It’s a sign of brain damage if they’re not equal to each other.”
John was actually grateful that Sherlock didn’t go to A&E for this.  A busy physician might not take the time to do tiny, delicate sutures but John wanted to lessen the scarring as much as possible.  Sherlock was young with a perfect arse.  He wanted the marring of it to be as minimized as possible.  With any luck he will have a faint silvery line in time, but nothing too disfiguring.  John sighed and concentrated heavily on his work as his patient snored quietly.
Sherlock moved quickly to the head of the bed and tossed a pillow back to John before he bent himself over, shoulders down, arse up.
John was drawing up some medicine in a syringe.  “So you knew going down that way you were heading straight at the killer and you kept on walking without saying a word, not one word to one of us.  It wouldn’t have even taken a bloody phone call or a text, Sherlock.  All you had to do was nudge one of us and say ‘oh hey, by the way, that’s your killer standin’ right over there.  Would you mind being a good chap and arresting the bloke.’ But NO, Sherlock bloody Holmes and his massive intellect couldn’t be bothered.”  In his anger, John grabbed Sherlock’s hand and twisted into position for the lidocaine injection but stopped when Sherlock hissed and pulled back.
After a few moments of silently reading, John was startled away from the article by Sherlock’s announcement.  “John, I will need you to examine my prostate please.”
“I can understand that. I was too, my first time.”  He’s nibbling my neck.  Isn’t that cheating?  “I promise to be as gentle as I can.”
“Yes, sometimes an excess of parathyroid hormone can cause an increase in PSA levels which I’m guessing are going to be somewhat elevated as well.”  He removed the needle after filling the last vial and placed a gauze in the crook of Sherlock’s elbow.
An hour later, John ran up the steps, passing by Mrs Hudson in such an expeditious way he was afraid it might have been considered rude.  Oh well, he would have to apologize later.  He had a well-fucked, post-coital Sherlock in his bed and he wanted nothing more than to return to that nice, warm bed and snuggle up with the object of his every desire.
“Okay.  That explains why you didn’t let on that your feeling had changed especially after I had protested so much about not being gay.”
“Mycroft, what in the hell are you doing here?”  Sherlock’s skin itched, he was aware of a particular kind of soreness and dampness.  His instincts were to get himself to his feet and dressed in the presence of his overbearing brother, but he knew he needed privacy to assess the situation fully before he gave Mycroft anything else to deduce.
Sherlock looked at John with confusion. John noticed Sherlock and decided he had to reign in his anger and stop feeling like it was solely John's responsibility to handle Sherlock's medical care. He supposed Mycroft had probably been handling simple things like this for a long time, given Sherlock's history and the fact Mycroft could probably have access to any sort of vaccine he needed with a simple phone call. Hell, Sherlock was probably vaccinated against Dengue Fever and African sleeping sickness just because Mycroft was over protective that way with his brother. Whatever. It was fine. Sherlock was taken care of. That was what was important.
John waited several minutes, watched the last few minutes of the TV gameshow, and then he washed his hands and went upstairs to set up.
Sherlock spoke softly.  “I told him, I tried to kiss him, he punched me and kicked me out of his home.  I dropped out of university and never saw him again.”
“Is there a case?”  John asked, but was ignored as Sherlock fled down the stairs and out the front door.
John had done as instructed and waited.  When Sherlock was at his side once more, he asked, “you okay?”
“Oh, yes.  Of course.”  John was a bit shocked that Sherlock would want to go somewhere so vanilla as a bedroom for this, but, he was not averse at all.  Rising to his feet, he offered a hand to Sherlock and pulled him to his as well.
Their meeting hadn’t set off any alarms in Sherlock’s brain.  He had deduced Mike’s eating, sleeping and drinking habit, no drugs, no smoking.  Very physically fit with intense workout habits.  He had a brother who he shared a flat with, parents both deceased, no children, no pets. He was not outwardly gay, but didn’t seem to be hiding it either.  The meeting had been fine.  They’d talked at one of the empty tables in the nightclub for a short time while the clean-up crew worked around them before Sherlock suggested going to a hotel.  Sherlock deduced that Mike had a few mixed drinks during the night (probably nervous, his coworkers covered for him) and Sherlock would rather consummate the arrangement before Mike would be alcohol-relatedly unable to perform.
I gasped as he put a hand inside my pants and took hold of my cock.  My eyes were open, taking him in, his full lips, his ice-blue eyes, pupils dilated, the blush to his cheeks so prominent on the otherwise pale skin.  This is not a game at all.  If I had any doubts otherwise, his desire was, at that point, extremely obvious.  Nobody is that good of an actor.  He kissed me sweetly, tenderly.  He was laid out beside me, on his side, one hand under the nap of my neck, the other quite busy within the depths of my trousers.  The hand behind my head pulled me into him, deep, passionate kisses.
John took a moment to appreciate the view before he folded the pillow in half and shoved it under Sherlock’s hips bringing his cock back so John could see it and touch it.
Sherlock sagged a bit, turned toward John and raised an eyebrow before entering the kitchen.  With a bit of effort he removed his jacket and sat upon the end of the table with an indignant “fine.”
“I know.  Sorry.  Try to relax.  Almost done.”  John felt badly when he heard a whimper coming from his patient.  He couldn’t stop though until he was sure he had visualized the tissue completely and thoroughly.  Nothing short of perfectly done would do.  Not for any patient of his, especially for Sherlock.  Finally he withdrew the scope slowly.  “Alright then.”  Placing the scope aside, John grabbed a large cylinder and placed it under Sherlock, guiding his penis toward it.  “Go ahead and void, Sherlock.”
John strummed his fingers on the armrest of his chair and took in a deep breath.  “Okay.  Take a case.”
Finally, I notice him, sans jumper, heading toward a long, dark hallway.  My movements quicken through the crowd.  The harder I fight through the bodies, the more I’m tugged within them.  Being hauled around like a sack of potatoes is not my idea of a good time at all.  It takes quite a bit of effort, but I made my way out of the thrawl and bound toward that hallway.  I see him talking to someone and then disappear behind a dubious doorway.  I redouble my efforts.  John’s virtue will not last long inside that room.
Sherlock had changed into a grey t-shirt and was laying on his bed with a blanket over him pulled up to his chest.  “Is it as bruised as I think it is?”  John asked entering the room carrying a plastic bag full of ice and a towel.
John took a few steps to close in the space between them.  He put a comforting hand on his shoulder before he realized he made that gesture to most of his patients.  Sherlock was not most of his patients.  Sherlock was his best friend.  He deserved more than the pittance of physical comfort that he normally afforded to those patients he took care of.  He moved his hand to Sherlock’s face, gently rubbing a thumb across his cheek.  “Sherlock?”
“It was taken from her jewelry box at home.  She had just been wearing it to the Gala at the Art Museum.  She brought it home, felt too tired to put it back into her safe so placed it inside a jewelry box on her nightstand, locked her bedroom door and went to bed for the night.  When she woke up, her door was still locked but the broach was gone.”
“We were fucking, John.  Just tell her we’re fucking and get your arse back in here!”  Sherlock’s voice was loud and very distinctive from behind the door and John knew there was no way he could pretend they were doing anything else.  He squeezed his eyes shut tight and banged the back of his head against said door.
“No.  I already know your findings.  I could tell you word for word what you’ve written.  Now, it’s your turn.  Disrobe please.”  He flashed John that fake, wide smile that he gave when he wanted someone to do his bidding.
“Now, the next part.  You know doctors don’t really prescribe sex or sex toys, but there is growing evidence that sexual health does depend on regular stimulation to the prostate and regular ejaculation.”
I quickly zero in on him as soon as the door is open.  He looks amazing.  I hang back lurking behind him, not wanting to startle.  He’s got this touristy wonder about him the way he is moving through this room, taking in the sites around him like he just got off the plane in some sort of alternate dimension.  His cluelessness is so endearing.
“I’m sorry, John.” John staggers and then recovers quickly and keeps walking away from me.  For a moment I think I should just let his anger run it’s course.  He might be less volatile once we made it to our flat.  My own impatience did get the better of me and I pressed on.  “Clearly I did not take this possibility into consideration when I began collecting data.  It’s my fault and I apologize.”
“Transport, John.  If I don’t need it for The Work, then it isn’t important.” He gave John a dismissive wave of his hand, “you know what I mean.”
“I see that.  I have no anxiety about you being in my proximity.  If you have no objections, I’d rather complete,” he waved his hand toward the exam table, “this and be done with it.  There is no evidence to collect so just an assessment of … my injury should suffice.” Sherlock began to work at his belt but found his hands insufferably shaking and completely not useful at all.
“Ah, figured it out properly then, have you?”  as if it was the most obvious conclusion and that I should have made it ages ago.
“Wipe your mouth,” John instructed then helped Sherlock stand.  “Did you get any on your pyjamas?”  At Sherlock’s negative response, John put a hand on the small of Sherlock’s back and led him out of the bathroom.  “Let’s get you back to bed.  You feel like you may have a fever.”
“I know what you meant.  I’m sorry, I’m sorry.   I promise, I am a romantic fool usually and how could I not be when I’m so completely, madly and passionately in love with you.  I made you feel alone after such a huge milestone in our relationship.  For that I apologize.  Sincerely.”  He placed a kiss, soft and gentle on Sherlock’s forehead.  “I’m sorry Sherlock.  It won’t happen again.”
“Woohoo … Boys!!”  The distinctive voice of Mrs. Hudson broke through causing both men to raise their heads and silently pray she didn’t search for them too hard.  “Boys?”
“I won’t ask about it anymore.  I’ll trust that you’ll tell me if you need me in that department.  Just don’t close down on me again.  Emotions aren’t really your area.  I know.  But when you came back, you were different.  More…”  John slumped, “… human, I guess.  I don’t mean that you weren’t before, but you didn’t take people for granted anymore.  You were more … kind? I guess.  I don’t know.  You know this is difficult for me.  All of this … stuff, but we are both human, Sherlock.  Both of us.”  He looked at his feet.  “Just don’t shut me out again.  I can’t keep tearing down walls every single day.  I think you need me right now and I think I need you to need me.”  He shifted his weight on his feet again.  “D’ya know what I mean?”
Finally, Sherlock dragged a hand through his hair and flopped his arm over his head.  “Fine.  Examine me.”
For their first time together he had fantasized about how that would be.  It was definitely not this, but John didn’t feel inclined to care at the moment.  Sherlock was well and truly his.  There would be time for perfect, for romantic, but in that moment, everything was perfect.  Sherlock was well and truly blissed out, post-orgasmic, cuddled up in his bed, dressing gown open, messy with come.  In John’s bed.
Sherlock continued as though John had said nothing.  “… but then you left me in bed, alone, after a very intense but extremely one-sided shag.  And for the icing on the cake, you didn’t even leave me with a drop of my own semen sample.”
Sherlock was typing up notes from his latest findings of the pig saliva he was working on, looking through the microscope on the kitchen table when John strolled in looking at his phone, perplexed.
Sherlock scowled and proclaimed, “I’ll erase my profile but I am not texting my brother for a prostitute.  I will continue to miss sleep, my memory and my will to live will dwindle exponentially every day until I am but a shell of the man I once was.  I will die a bitter old man, alone and broken.  I hope that’s what you wanted.”
Angrily, he finally answered me, “My virginity, of course.  That’s what this is all about, right?”  He braced his torso onto his elbows and leaned his forehead onto his steepled fingers, body tense.  “That’s the reward of your experimentations.  That’s why you drove me mad, spied on me, interrupted me at the club…you didn’t want anyone else to have it because you wanted it.  You took my dignity, my privacy, may as well have it all then.  Sherlock doesn’t share his play toys.  Point taken.”
John smiled.  Yes, he probably had known that, but it felt nice to hear it anyway.  “I know.”  He kissed the top of Sherlock’s head, then his eyelids, his amazing cheekbones and finally those red lips, seemingly begging to be kissed.  Built for being kissed, in fact.
“John,”  Sherlock took a deep breath.  “You can stay if you want.  I think this night is just going to be a bad one for both of us.”
“Jeezus, Sherlock,” John said into the kiss still nipping and finding his way around Sherlock’s mouth.  Kissing was good.  God, so good.  He was momentarily surprised when Sherlock pushed John away for a moment, a sultry look on his face, before John felt his jumper being pulled up and over his head.  Sherlock dove back in enthusiastically at the access to new skin.  He nipped at John’s collar bone and then down further to lick a nipple.  “Jeezus fucking Christ,” John said breathily.  “Are we moving too fast, Sherlock?  Should we … Oh my fucking God.”  John grabbed Sherlock roughly by the arse and stood up tilting them over onto the bed.  Sherlock instantly wrapped his legs around John’s waist and John put one hand above Sherlock’s head to hold himself up and the other, still around Sherlock’s hip, he pulled them together more closely, all the better to grind against each other.
“This … patient of mine.  Sodding git!”  John took his tea and the newspaper and went into the lounge to relax in his chair.
“Fuck, I left my leather jacket.”  He rolled his eyes and looked out the window again in apparent acceptance of the ill-fated demise of his favorite coat.
“I am here when you come home from work, I make an effort to be nice to you,” at John’s look the clearly conveyed ‘really?’ he continued, “well, I have stopped calling you an idiot.  Directly to you at any rate.”  Sherlock put his tea down.  “At any rate, my … issue, as you put it came up numerous times other than during medical reasons.  You didn’t notice.  You weren’t meant to so don’t fault yourself for that.  I, of course, would have noticed but few are as observant as I am.”
I shake my head.  Of course it’s okay.  Don’t patronize me.  He feels too good next to me to give voice to the true snark I am feeling right now, not to mention the desperate need to run.
That, of course, was his thought before the fall, before Serbia.  Sherlock would never sentence John to an attempted romantic entanglement with him now.  He had been damaged beyond repair.  How could he possibly subject him to the broken, tarnished person he was now?  He had questioned himself and his capabilities of maintaining a gratifying relationship before he went away, but now he had deemed himself utterly incapable of it.
“Michael Brasnon is not deceased at the moment but I think he might rather be very shortly.  Stop worrying about protecting that beast and tell me the purpose of such a liason.”
“With you?  You wanted to …”  He huffed and looked away.  “All of this was just a game to you?  Is that it?”
I moved closer.  “John, your intention is to have sex with me?”  Right now?  There is no romance or sense of wonderment that I had hoped our first time would be like.  I had thought we might spend time talking, working out what our feelings were, come up with a plan about how things might progress between us.  This was not right.  John was always surprising him, however.  Never one to play the expected hand.
“Bloody brilliant.  Istanbulean?  Indeed.  Of course, you could have just told him the truth.  It didn’t sound like he was eager to remain loyal to Dr. Mumford.”
John shook his head doubtfully then felt Sherlock’s body press up against his, fingertips to knees.  “Oh, god!  Sherlock … Sherlock, that’s ugh …”  He rutted against Sherlock, unable to stop himself as his hands were physically held up and pressed into the door, their chests heaving in tune, their groins pressed hotly against one another.
John moving back into Baker Street again after Mary had fled with the baby, had lulled the roar quite a bit.  But John insisted on working at the surgery and serial murders were begrudgingly few.   It wasn’t enough.
Mike, Frances and Albert were the only ones left.  Albert had to cancel their first meet because he forgot about his daughter’s dance recital.  Sherlock crossed him off the list as well.  Not that Sherlock was looking for a long-term relationship, but the last thing he wanted to talk about with someone was nappies and ex-wives.
"No, you're not going anywhere. Get up here and ride with me. You don't leave my side," Sherlock demanded.
“Not for that.”  John leaned over, not even losing complete contact with Sherlock in order to grab the tube.  He put some on his hand, warmed it up and then on Sherlock’s cock, stroking slowly.
“This is gonna feel wet.”  John warned before he spread the lubricant all over Sherlock’s backside.  Sherlock startled a bit but recovered quickly.  “You alright?”
John shook with laughter.  “If he is, he can sod right off!”  they both laughed.  Once they’d calmed a bit, John asked, “Sherlock, what are we going to do?”
Not wanting to make the elevators ‘ding’ with their use, they took the stairs.  John cursed his phone for the loud sound it made to inform him of a received text message.
“I want to, Sherlock.  I want you.  Want to feel you.  I’ve never felt this close to anyone, ever.  This is nice.”  He shifted his bottom a bit, angling more upward allowing more of the thick cock to enter him.  He groaned.  “Well, I think it will be nice, once I’m properly …”  he attempted to shift and finally plopped his head back against the pillow once more.  “…relaxed.”
The club was veritably bulging with activity making the process of finding John more time consuming than I had planned.  He had a decent head-start on me and I hoped I wasn’t too late knowing what happened on these dance floors and, if rumor were true, in the back rooms.  I felt a knot of guilt in my gut for sending him down this path.  I do suppose my idea of a courting ritual might be a bit ambiguous at best.  It is not in John’s nature to compromise me or our friendship so he’s been the good soldier and decided to flush out his now questionable sexual orientation on his own.  Not what I had in mind at all.  Leave it to John to ruin what would have been an excellent plan.
John nodded.  “I don’t mind at all. I just didn’t want to push you. We should be able to find some exam space at St Bart’s.”  He checked his watch.  “The day shift should be coming on shortly.  I know a few A&E docs that won’t mind if I commandeer an exam area.” At the uncomfortable look on Sherlock’s face, he added, “or I can do it in our flat.”
Sherlock did not make him wait very long before he grabbed the cock in front of him and licked a long stripe with his tongue meeting John’s skin from the base of his penis, slowly, maddeningly slowly, to the tip of his glands.
“Lay back, please.”  Sherlock instructed and John complied quickly enough.  “I am going to gently pull up your gown, John.”
John nodded.  “How about Lestrade?  You’ve known him longer, you have a history with him and he has attempted to help you.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes.  “Like what?  Easy?  Willing to take it up the arse for any willing bloke who’ll buy me a drink?”
When he met the man six months ago, he’d thought Sherlock was beautiful.  Those cheekbones, jeezus H, who in the hell had cheekbones like that?  The luscious, unruly hair, the pale skin all wrapped up in designer clothing that just highlighted all of that beauty.  Now that he’d seen most of him naked, so lithe, so utterly gorgeous … well, enough thinking on that.
Okay, I can breathe.  I copy him and let my body fall flaccid with my exhale.  Oh that feels better.  I feel my cock filling once again.  Oh yea, that’s better.
He couldn’t las like this.  It was ridiculous.  Why was it not working?  The sex between himself and John had been real.  Visceral.  He could still feel John on his skin, his body around his.  It was a very strong memory.  Why couldn’t he simply copy and paste it where it needed to go?
“Does it matter?  As you say, I have no trouble keeping my opinions and observations to myself.  I come off as rude, crude and arrogant so the list of people staying in my company for any length of time is rather a short one.”
He laughed before insinuating himself into my personal space, leaning into me, his hand on the back of my neck as he kissed me once more.
’  John stood, paced anxiously in Sherlock’s room and out into the hallway.  He stood at the bathroom door, held his had up, ready to knock and then huffed and paced down the hall again.  John thought about what Sherlock had said to that A&E doctor the night before about John protesting that he wasn’t gay to anyone who would listen.  ‘
I rode his hand while he was nailing that mind-melting spot and licking my cock and ….pinching a nipple…damn…how coordinated.  Fuck.
“Stop thinking.  I know you’re ready to retreat to your bedroom and chalk this up to failure.  Don’t do that.  Answer my question.  Do you trust me?”
Sherlock’s knees nearly gave out on him as his come splattered against John’s bed.  John held him up, letting him stroke himself to completion and then some.  Finally, John lowered him easily and manhandled him into the bed properly.  Sherlock was sound asleep, looking extremely pleased and satisfied.
“I love you, Sherlock,” John put his forehead to Sherlock’s.  “I love you very much and I love our sex life exactly the way it is.”
“Yes, nice.  You feel so good, John.”  He pushed all the way inside.  “Is your cock getting enough friction where it is?”
And then it was over.  “It’s nothing to be ashamed of,” Sherlock had said in his usual automated manner and then ordered, “off with the trousers,” followed quickly by a “please” and that fake, wide grin again.
“That was a troublesome case, but they all are, John.  Every case that has anything to do with love or lust or jealousy, which is 90% of the time, it is difficult and I can expect at least 70% of the time to be afflicted with some sort of instantaneous recall of past events.  I have practiced pulling myself out of them, but it is becoming more and more difficult depending on the severity.  During those times, when it was the subject matter of sex that brought them on, I hypothesized that my brain, since it had no other memories of a sexual nature, automatically defaulted to the only memory it had bringing on the episodes.  I thought, if I could replace my only sexual experience with a more … pleasant recollection, then I could reprogram my mind palace to go to the new experience instead of where I keep the … other memories.”
After giving Sherlock a moment to get out of his head space about what had happened to him during his previous illness, John pressed on.  “I’m going to take hold of your penis, pull down the foreskin and you’ll feel a slight pressure as I push this gel into your penis.  It might burn slightly.  Then the area will become numb after a few moments.”  He held up the syringe again.  “There is no needle on this syringe, it doesn’t poke you, it’s just shaped this way for this purpose.  Alright?”
John sighed, regaining his composure as well.  He placed a hand upon Sherlock’s knee.  It felt comfortable there.  Just a friendly gesture he told himself, until Sherlock looked at the hand, then back at John and … something.  He couldn’t place that look.  It wasn’t recognition of friendship, that lazy smile and a nod.  No.  Fear?  No, not Sherlock.  Afraid of what?  John removed the hand easily.  “Ha, I almost said ‘my pleasure’, but that would be completely inappropriate.”
“Yes, the pressure on your prostate from the ultrasound probe probably helped your symptoms temporarily.”  John watched the last of the fluid dribble out.  “Finished?”
John smiled, a bit embarrassed.  He supposed Sherlock didn’t require to be observed so closely the entire time he slept.  Really, the only need Sherlock had or that Sherlock had even voiced was the need to get him home safely, which he did.  At that point he could have done any number of things, but felt the draw to stay at Sherlock’s side.  He nodded, “yes, of course.  I like crap telly, so no harm done.”
He brushed the hair away from my face and kissed me before he reached for the condoms and lube “It’d be better if I was behind you.”
“No, I don’t know.”  Sherlock suddenly stood surreptitiously pushing his palm into his groin as he turned away.  “Not my area.”
John rolled his eyes.  “No, the best is paracetamol but you can’t keep that down at the moment.  The best way around throwing it up is to give it IV, but there is a shortage of paracetamol IV.  It’s being rationed out to critical units in hospital only.  I have suppositories in my kit.”
John could tell from the light filtering through the curtain that it was still late or very early morning.  They had both fallen asleep in each other’s arms.  He listened for sounds of life beyond the borders of their bed.  When there was a distinct retching sound coming from the bathroom, John sprang to his feet and went to find his lover.
“My fever is up,” Sherlock said by way of explanation before he turned his body more downward, burying his face into the space between John’s body and the pillow and spread his legs.
Sherlock, still completely naked, sat up without regard for modesty.  He did list to one side however and then finally stood up when any pressure on his backside was not tolerated.  He took his medications and followed it with the cup of water John brought as well.
“You were hit pretty good by that car outside of Angelo’s.  Let me look at it properly,” John hung up his own jacket and went to help Sherlock with his.
John came into the room with a distinctive air about him.  Undoubtedly, he had already texted Mycroft about the fate of the Serbian prison and all of those employed within and undoubtedly there were very diplomatic phrases about how the British government had felt it within the best interest of the people to rid the planet of every brick and blood cell contained toot fucking sweet and with great prejudice.  John would feel some relief that his abusers were dead, he would also feel robbed of the pleasure of it being by his own hand or having at least played some part in it.
“Alright, wait here.  I’ll get you some pills to take that should stop the itching.  They’ll make you sleepy though.”
Rage began to bubble anew.  His previous doctor (and he used the term loosely) had obviously taken short cuts that bordered on abuse.  It was sickening.  Thoughts flashed of a very long and specific type of torture once he hunted this man down.
“Oh, how many times do I have to explain this?  It’s all about the WORK, John.  You’ve seen my methods, sometimes I have to … employ certain distasteful practices.  Sometimes that includes flirting.  With women,” Sherlock clarified.
John growled again and nibbled at Sherlock’s neck making the man squirm and giggle which made John laugh in return.  “God, you’re gorgeous.  I love it when you’re happy.”  John walked as he held Sherlock close, kissing and nipping at him, Sherlock thrusting his cock up against John’s belly, his arms and legs wrapped around him tightly.  When John came to the bed, he lowered Sherlock down upon it, but Sherlock refused to break his hold.  They lay against each other, thrusting their hips together, kissing and breathing in each other’s heady smells of sweat and lust.
John stood once he realized he’d been caught staring at Sherlock.  “No … no, I’ll just …”  He sputtered and sheepishly made his way to his own bedroom to change.
M laughed, “glad you like it.”  He moved in to kiss Sherlock again and this time they did connect, lips parted, tongues touched and Sherlock felt warmth.  The next few minutes were a blur of activity and the next thing Sherlock knew, he was naked beneath a man and wished he wasn’t.
This was sickeningly familiar. Too many memories flooded forward, too many limbs in the bed unaccounted for, too many familiar smells, unappreciated touches, groping, apprehension that were not, one bit, making him forget.  That was what this was supposed to be about.  Forgetting.
John stepped closer reaching a tentative hand to touch but Sherlock turned away, eyes downcast.  “Sherlock, I don’t understand.  If you feel like this why not just tell me?  You know how I feel.  I told you how I feel.”
“Well, today is Friday.  Stanley is the only security guard working on Fridays.  Nice man, but lazy, I’m afraid and he suffers intermittently from gout symptoms when he cheats on his diet, which is way too often.  Makes rounds maybe twice during the night shift probably.  I’m certain he’s already finished with it at this point.  I have the keys to the back door.  We can slip in easily, I should think.”
“Incorrect.  I’m telling you that before six months ago I hadn’t even achieved an erection in ten years.”
“Yes, John.  Of course.”  Of course, he knew the party line.  When anyone else had been the victim, he did know that.  Of course, he did.
“Look, Sherlock.  We both damn well know what I’ve just done to you and what I’m going to do next.  If you want someone else for this part, say the word.  I just don’t want this to make a mess of our friendship.”
Sherlock looked sheepish.  “I posted a blog entry on seventy-eight different shades of blonde hair.”
“You told me that you couldn’t bottom because you wouldn’t last long enough through the preparations which indicates that you have no qualms with receiving, am I correct?”
John was interrupted by Sherlock.  “NO!  No, not Molly.  I’ve imposed on her enough and I think she’d become suicidal if she saw me in this state.”
“You having PTSD doesn’t explain why Mycroft wanted me to know about this.  He can get the best physicians, therapists, dog therapy or whatever you need at the snap of his fingers.  Why would he think I should be informed?”
“You feel very tight.” Sherlock pulled up putting his weight onto his elbow as he drove into John hard with John making a satisfying ‘ugh’ sound with every stroke inside. He wondered briefly if he was doing it wrong.  John had a look of deep concentration on his face.  But the noises he made and the pure bliss spreading through his body distracted him from asking John if he was okay.  He pushed in harder and more quickly, he pulled John down onto his cock by his shoulders and then leaned more heavily into John, pounding and pounding, hearing the slap of flesh on flesh, John’s nonstop moans, the clean sweat mingling in with the smell of the lube and condom and lust.  John’s voice, the taste of John on his tongue.  It was all so much.  His orgasm was building, he could feel it.  It was right there, just over that last wall, he chased it harder and harder.  He heard the moaning and John saying Sherlock’s name over and over and he pushed in harder and faster and there it was… ugh, there it was.  Finally, his orgasm took over and he pushed into John one last time and emptied inside that tight, warm heat, then thrust a few more times to empty himself and ride out the last of the waves.  He collapsed on top of John, breathing deeply, breathing in John’s scent.  There was a ringing in his ears, a fog that he couldn’t shake right away.  He breathed some more until he finally calmed and relaxed.
“Oh, John … that’s … fuck, that’s perfect,” Sherlock said breathily, head slung back, hands on John’s biceps, back arched, knees open, toes curled.  He was a sight of pure wanton lust and the moans, dear God in heaven … jeezus fucking Christ it was bliss.  Absolute bliss.
"Except, I just don't understand the point of it all. I ended up stitching you up anyway which I could have done just as well here."
“That’s what I said.  Nope.  As in, no fucking way in hell you’ll ever bloody go out to meet someone on this site by yourself.  Not happening.  End of conversation even if I have to quit my job, handcuff myself to you and follow you around day and night.”
John pushed at Sherlock’s arm and disentangled himself from the contact spluttering and spitting.  “What the hell?”
“John, don’t misunderstand my trepidation.  I don’t feel some youthful connection to modesty or an aversion to being naked.  I have a very specific sense memory related to this scenario and I’m afraid it is stronger than I thought it might be.”
John stood and held his gown to the side as Sherlock pulled up the stool and sat down just in front of John, eye level to John’s hips.  He repeated the light graze of fingertips to John’s other thigh and watched in fascination as the other testicle slowly rose.  John thought it was amusing to watch Sherlock so wrapped up in the rise and fall of the sensitive skin surrounding his bollocks.  It made him think about those who have shared his bed in the past and how they would explore each other languidly after the heat and frenzy had worn off, but he supposed Sherlock hadn’t had many lovers to just explore and notice different things about the delicate areas of the body.  At least he hadn’t noticed any lovers since he’d started living with the man.  Not for the first time John found himself wondering about Sherlock’s sexuality.  They hadn’t really talked about it since that first night where he had made it perfectly clear that women weren’t his area and that he was married to his work.
John raised his eyebrows at the first indication of blood on the man’s trousers.  “You were stabbed in the arse?”
can’t say things like that.  I’m not a physician.  I can say whatever I like and I’m pretty sure we knew going in that my bedside manner might be a bit lacking.  You have a substantially sized penis.  You are a short man with a history of authority and no trouble bedding women.  You don’t spend your money on the latest fashion or fancy sports cars to make up for the size of your genitalia, you walk with the stature and command of a man who has it all, therefore…”
“Strip off your trousers and I’ll have a look at that hip then,” John instructed Sherlock as they made their way through the door of their flat.
“Oh, well good thing I ran into you, Malcolm.  Thank you for saving face.  I would have been so embarrassed in front of Dr Rowandenshberg.”
“Well I’m assuming you weren’t naked when you were poisoned so I’m going to guess that you washed the area and then put the same trousers back on, yeah?”
“All right then.  Good.”  John placed a steadying hand on Sherlock’s hip and began noticing the edges of the bruised area.  It was alarmingly large, extending all the way across one buttock.  “I’m just gonna …” he placed his hand on Sherlock’s hip once more then pushed at the fleshy cheeks checking for rigidity.  Making careful mental notes regarding color and size of the bruising, he gently pulled Sherlock back toward him once more.  “I’m gonna look at how far it extends in the front and check your pulses.”  John repositioned the blanket to cover Sherlock’s important bits as he continued to assess the man’s hip and the pulse in his groin pulling on Sherlock’s limbs as needed to accomplish the tasks.  Finally he pulled the material back into place to preserve his patient’s modesty once more and then moved to the end of the bed and felt the pulses in Sherlock’s feet.  “Very good,” he said with finality.  He reached for the ice pack on the floor and wrapped it in the towel.  “That wasn’t too bad, I hope.”
“Just think about how good I feel up against you.  How good your cock feels to be stroked.  Take a deep breath John.  Breathe with me.”
“Yes, you were right, you berk.  No peas.  We do have frozen carrots and broccoli though and that will do.”
Calmly John injected Sherlock’s skin and heard a ‘hmm’ coming from his friend, but he refused to meet the man’s gaze even for a moment as he donned sterile gloves and worked Sherlock’s skin back together.
John was taken aback.  Oh.  Not an intestinal issue then.  This wasn’t a simple case of the bends.  It wasn’t a far jump to realize what the issue actually was then.  If Sherlock was urinating that frequently, there was a very short list of things that would cause that particular symptom for someone in their 30s.  More alarmed, John pushed forward, set his med kit on the floor next to Sherlock’s bed and pulled at the covers.
“I know, I know.  I made you soup and I cleaned your vomit and yadda yadda yadda.  I get it.  Move on.”
Sherlock pulled his legs away from John and brought them down to the floor, sitting up he discarded his own shirt and then placed his hands on John’s hips.  He kissed John’s belly, ran his hands along his sides and finally found John’s belt.  He unfastened it and undid his flies, pushing the denim back and then down.  He smiled up at John when instead of the expected cotton boxers, he found silky boxer briefs.
“You never cease to amaze me, John,” Sherlock said drowsily into John’s skin before John heard soft snoring.
He tried burning down the room in his mind palace, he tried to focus more on the work, keep the pervading thoughts at bay.  The “Mary” year had provided something of a distraction for a while--the wedding, working with John occasionally. Being shot was definitely distracting as was shooting Magnussen.  That had filled his head with so many nightmares…or maybe dreams, of shooting his many Serbian perpetrators just exactly so.  The satisfaction of seeing that in his head, the look of complete shock on their grimy faces, the loud pop, the give of tissue--blood and bone, the body slack and useless dropping to the ground, had been grand even if short-lived.  Soon the reality of what had and had not happened would take over once more.
Sherlock moved backward on the sofa and patted the cushion.  “Come over here, please,” he requested.
“Good.  You need to get home and sleep for the rest of today.  There are two prescriptions here,” John held up the papers, “one is the ointment and the other is the pill.”
Sherlock made his way back up John’s body,  his desperation must have been evident.  John nodded then turned half way to open the top drawer of the nightstand.  He shoved a condom and a tube of lube at Sherlock then attempted to turn over onto his stomach.
John audibly swallowed and then cleared his throat, looking at the floor.  He cleared his throat a few more times and finally looked back at Sherlock.  “When was this?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and moved to stand then stopped dead in his tracks barely able to breathe again.  The pain made itself known during the movement, no longer hidden by the anxiety.  Tearing, burning pain lit up his backside like being impaled on a hot poker.  He took deep breaths again.  Will the cycle ever stop?  Nightmare.  Anxiety. Breathe. Pain. Anxiety. Breathe.  As far as John was concerned, the worst of it was only less than a day old.  To Sherlock it had been an endless pattern for so long, the incident yesterday only pouring salt on a very old, open wound.  He was tired.  He was frustrated and yes, he was angry.  If John wasn’t there to mother-hen him to death, he’d be able to scream, hit a wall, break a cup or two throwing them into the fireplace. But he couldn’t do that with John in the room.  He wouldn’t alarm him, make him worry.  Deep breath.  Deep breath.
John kept climbing the steps, bags in hand.  “What?  No, I’m not hurt.  Why would I be?”  He placed the bags on the kitchen table.
“Hands on the headboard, please.”  John obeyed quickly.  “Don’t let go.”  Sherlock warned before his thrusts became more insistent.
“Of course.”  John clarified turning to Sherlock and spouting a row of nonsensical syllables at the man who then pointedly spouted some off to John in similar fashion.
John shifted his weight and cleared his throat which he always did when he was nervous.  “I know you are going through something right now and this is not the time.  No pressure, at all.  I’m not in a hurry.  I just wanted you to know that, when you’re ready, if you’re amenable, I would very much like to talk more about the possibility of … of us.”
“I think you’re overdressed.”  Sherlock’s baritone voice went straight to John’s cock once more making him impossibly harder.
John sat on Sherlock’s bed for a moment trying to figure out what he had witnessed over the months previous and why he drew up to the conclusion that he did instead of what was now quite obvious.
Sherlock finally fell asleep after midnight and slept the sleep of the dead which was why he was so mad that the screaming that woke him up.  Then he realized it was John trying to wake him.
“Yes.  No shagging until the bins are taken to the kerb, no snogging because you noticed a large set of breasts, that sort of thing.”
John heated up the diaphragm of the stethoscope by breathing on it and holding it in the palm of his hand.  “Sorry if this is a bit cold.”  He moved it to several spots on Sherlock’s chest and back.  “Sounds great.  Very normal and regular.”
“Right, and what happened?”  John asked as he gathered equipment to wash the ‘poison’ off of Sherlock’s behind.
He was standing in the middle of the sitting room eyeing the medicine in his hand and deciding how the hell he was going to approach this with Sherlock when the man himself made his way out of their bedroom.
Once John had finished and cleaned up the mess, he found a pair of Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms and his comfiest grey sleeping shirt and brought the items into the sitting room.  Sherlock was still sleeping quietly.  John grabbed some juice from the refrigerator and returned to his patient’s side once more, nudging him and speaking quietly.  “Sherlock, I need you to wake up a bit for me.  Let’s get you changed and you need to drink something for me.”
I took a deep breath through my nose.  Something familiar.  Sort of gym locker room with a touch of fresh sex.  I briefly thought about my days in uni when I played rugby.  If we would have had more orgies in the locker room, I’m certain it would smell like this.  Looking through the crowd I’m certain I would hear the lust consume this room if my ears were not ringing.  I could see it though, flashing colored lights against flesh.  Lots of flesh.
After a few tries, he finally plowed right into my prostate and I moaned like I’m a sex slave in heat.  I couldn’t help it.  Hey, that’s it right there!  Yea, he already knew.  He was plowing into that mark like he owned it.  His hands fix my hips to the right spot, he spread his legs and started pounding me.  Oh glory, oh joy oh god… "Sherlock, I’m ….oh…”  That familiar warmth that starts low in the belly became more intense than I’ve ever known.  It encased me slowly, methodically, purposefully.  I cannot feel anything but that warmth, that pure and utter bliss.  I’m coming.  I’m coming so hard I don’t think I’ll ever stop.  He waited until I go absolutely limp, thrusts a few more times then pulled out completely.  He worked his own cock over me until I feel a warm wetness cover my ass.  After he came he slid himself easily back inside me making me gasp.  It was then that I realized he did not use the sodding condom. Nothing to be done about it now. He milked his cock a couple more times into my sensitive arse and collapsed on top of me.
He had been home for well over a year and he had thought that being entrenched into his normal atmosphere would make the memories fade.  But the quiet, even if those moments were few, still brought forth a brick wall of memories that seemingly did their best to slam him up against it.  Hard as he tried, he could not delete what had happened there.  He tried locking it all up into a room at the far end of his mind palace, closing the door, putting bars and locks on the door.  Then he made the door disappear as though it were magical vanishing room.  When it kept appearing, bringing with it the sweaty, filthy, lewd, obscene men who had assaulted him, pounding on the door, whistling offensively at him, he then pushed the entire room completely away from the Mind Palace, completely detached it so it could no longer bother him.  It lasted for a while, especially when he had a case or he had John to distract him.
So when he heard the toilet flush for the sixth time that night and Sherlock opening the bathroom door to scurry back to his room, he flipped onto his back and sighed.  ‘Probably the flu’ he thought as he sat up, slipped his feet into his slippers, grabbed his medical kit under his bed and made his way down the stairs.
John kneeled next to Sherlock’s chair and looked up at him.  When Sherlock wouldn’t make eye contact, John leaned in and turned the man’s head with his hand on Sherlock’s chin.  “Hey, listen to me.  There is no reason to feel insecure about that.”
John stared at Sherlock expectantly until he realized the man would have no sense of chivalry in regards to John’s modesty and would not think to give John a moment while he undressed or even turn around while he did so.  John sighed deeply and pulled his t-shirt up over his head.  “You could at least turn around, you know.”
Now that I didn’t have his mouth to concentrate on, I took in the fingers deep inside me and ground down a bit.  “G…good.”
Sherlock sounded short of breath.  “John.”  He gasped.  “Could you just … whatever you’re doing … it’s relieving the pressure.  I’m so close … at the risk of sounding completely unromantic myself, could you … just…”
“I need to see you, all of you.  I want to see all of your reactions.  No matter how embarrassing they might be.  It’s paramount to the Work, John.  Sexual reaction is the most important because it is by far the most common motivator for crime.”
“If we were attracted to each other, that would have come up before now, don’t you think?”  Sherlock shrugged and continued into his bedroom.
John looked alarmed and ran to the bathroom for more cool flannels and then to the kitchen for a bucket.  When he returned, Sherlock was still squeezing his eyes shut and doing the same deep breathing exercises.  “You’re doing great, Sherlock,” John soothed.  “Hang in there.”  John rubbed Sherlock’s face with the cool cloth making Sherlock lean into the comforting touch.
"Look, the nature of your injury is very close to ... well let's just say it might be a bit embarrasing when they start to examine you."
“Sherlock, you sound like you’re agreeing to do something repellent, like eat monkey brains.  Tell me what’s going on in that genius head of yours,” John insisted.
He pulled himself almost all the way out and all the way back in again as if he was still testing the waters.  I moaned with delight.  I can hear him smiling behind me as he moaned and shifted hi weight pushing me forward.  I’m not all the way on my stomach but nearly.  He held his weight up with his arms as he fucked me hard with several short and fast jabs.  Sonuvabitch!!  I still felt like I was being pole-axed but now it’s in a good way.
John crossed his arms, saying nothing for a moment. Apparently Sherlock was going to be just as forthcoming with answers today as he was yesterday. Fine. "Yes," he moved toward Sherlock and pulled back the blanket. "I'll take off the dressing and you can shower. I need to check the stitches anyway." He pulled back the tape as gently as he could trying not to remove all of Sherlock's leg hair. He winced in sympathy as he felt it pull the hair out no matter how careful he tried to be. Finally he just ripped it off, better to get it over with. "Sorry."
Sherlock took John’s hand in his and snaked in under the covers and then under Sherlock’s dressing gown, placing his hand on Sherlock’s bare hip.  John touched the flesh that he had touched many times before but he didn’t understand why it was bare.  Sherlock had been in pants and pyjamas when he had placed the frozen packs earlier.
I feel his body acquiesce.  It’s so beautiful.  “Yes.”  He says with a nervousness I’m certain he feels from his toes.  His head lulls back to touch mine.
Sherlock smiled  “Ah, the game is afoot then.”  He rose up easily from his bed practically tearing off his own night clothes to be replaced by his normal attire.  “Are you planning to go in your pyjamas John?”
Deciding on a different tack, John sighed and let his forearms rest on his knees.  He had a feeling a bit more patience and a lot less attitude would get him further.  The truth was, after seeing what he had seen, he was worried about the bruising and he really felt a proper assessment was important.  “Look, Sherlock, haven’t you ever taken off your clothes for your doctor to examine you?”
Then came Moriarty and the fall.  Two years is a long time to dwell on what should have been.  In the early months, Sherlock swore he would tell John how he felt when he finally did come home.  He just had to give himself time to solve the Moriarty puzzle and then he would go home.  He would sit John down and explain how important he was and how he just couldn’t spend another moment without him in his life, in his bed, in any and every way.   He was in love with John and he would love for that to be true the other way around as well.
“Glad you like it.”  John continued rubbing until Sherlock twitched and his cock thickened just that much more.  Then he pulled off once again leaving Sherlock a writhing, frustrated mess, panting for breath.
John rolled his eyes.  “Oh, bloody hell.  What is it you think I’m doing back here now?!  I’m trying to help you, you daft git.  Now take these damn things off so I can see.”
John sat between Sherlock’s legs, rubbing his hand across his bum and along the crease of his arse.  He licked  a couple of stripes along the crack just to get it wet and ran the side of his hand up and down the wetness he left there.  “God, you’re so fucking gorgeous.”  John slapped a butt cheek once more eliciting a moan from Sherlock.  “So fucking gorgeous.”  John muttered once more before placing his tongue where his hand was.
“I’m finding that lusting over you is becoming more and more acceptable to me in the last hour or so, I suppose.”
“Of course not.  We all have queer tendencies in one form or another.  I simply woke them up for you.”
John shook his head and smiled.  “No, I suppose not.”  John leaned forward a bit.  “I have another question.”
“Mrs. Slitheen lost another piece of jewelry,” explained John.  Mrs. Slitheen was on their frequent flyer list for lost items, lost earrings, lost dog, missing son, etc.  She had zero faith in the police and when Sherlock had made himself known to her by finding her precious Isabell, the Corgi, several years ago, she called upon Sherlock for every minute mystery in her life.  She was pleasant enough.  A bit spoiled by her life of wealth and privilege but she was harmless and respectful of Sherlock and his “sidekick”.
Soon Sherlock guided them back and positioned John hunched on his knees facing the headboard, Sherlock’s cock still inside him.  He kissed John’s neck and placed his arms in front of him.  “Hold on to the headboard.  Don’t let go.”
The weeks went by.  John was always by his side.  If he wasn’t working, he came with him on cases.  He still did the laundry, and forced Sherlock to eat every once in a while and he still brought up therapy, especially since the nightmares were getting worse and more frequent.  Sherlock had spent a great deal of time in his Mind Palace cleaning up, filing, re-routing.  It didn’t seem to be working.  The nightmares would start out just like they always did but sometimes the faces would switch and he would be the one torturing someone, raping someone, then the face would change and be John’s.  Those were the worst kind of hell.  Sleep, he decided was over-rated and he began to set his alarm again for 2 or sometimes 3 hour increments.
A few minutes passed in silence before Sherlock interrupted it.  “Won’t you need another sample to send to the lab?”  he asked while he stared out the window, purposely not making eye contact.
His heart rate thundered too rapidly in his chest for all the wrong reasons.  Beads of sweat collected on his brow.  Respirations too quick, too shallow.  He knew the familiar burn of panic in his chest.  Sherlock tensed now that the pinnacle of the event had arrived.  “I … could you stop, please?”  ‘
If Sherlock was going to be a brat and essentially stick his fingers in his ears every time John tried to talk to him, well John wasn’t about to be railroaded out of Sherlock’s life.
He was sure that having John in his arms once was the epitome of the sweetest, purist, pleasure he had ever experienced in his life and also the most horrific torture at the same time.
“Of course not.  I didn’t take it that way.  No worries about me, Sherlock.  None of that.  Let’s get you sorted and then we can work out the rest in your own time.  All right?”
“Okay, yes that’ll do,” John chuckled.  He had way more skin exposed than he needed to give the injection, but if Sherlock wanted to be a git, so be it.  “Now just relax.”  John wiped down the area with an alcohol swab.  “Sherlock, I said relax.  You’re all tense right here,” John poked at said muscles to demonstrate where he needed his patient to stop clenching up.
John wasn’t sure he liked the thought of Sherlock comparing his rising testicle to a fingerprint, but that was probably an apt description.  Much bigger scale though, thank you very much.
It was always time that they had so much of.  First it was John dating woman after woman and never finding what he was searching for all the while flirting and defending Sherlock.  He knew John just needed time to realize what was in front of him.  Sherlock wouldn’t rock the boat himself because the work kept him occupied.  Caring is not an advantage.  He didn’t need the entanglement of him and John back then anyway.  He selfishly needed John to be his conductor of light and he had no experience in matters of the heart.  He would have messed it up and then he wouldn’t have him at all.  They had plenty of time to let the relationship mature and coalesce into something more.
John waited a full 60 seconds, plenty of time for Sherlock to make his way to the table and sit down slowly, and some added time to decide what to do with his arms and legs that didn’t make him look so stupid sitting there in a gown that was way too short and way too open in the back.  He thought about removing his socks, but then thought his feet would probably get cold so dismissed that idea.  Finally, there was a knock on the door followed by John’s voice. “Can I come in, Sherlock?”
“Mmm … God, John!”  Sherlock pulled away breathless.  “As much as I would love to tell you that I am rubbing against you like a cat in heat because I’m so turned on, I have to admit that my arse is itching again like it’s on fire!!”
Once inside, Sherlock hung his coat and headed toward his room.  “Give me five minutes and then you can come in.”
I cocked an eyebrow and ambled up to the bar with attitude.  I’m determined to complete my mission with some semblance of dignity.  I will not come off like some 35 year-old pathetic virgin.  I am confident, I’m a fucking doctor.  I know my way around the human anatomy for god’s sakes.  How hard could it possibly be to get laid on a Saturday fucking night in fucking London?  I looked around at the 18-25 year old populace of the dance floor—most shirtless with hard-body pecs and tight abs—grinding against each other like they were starting the foreplay early.  I shake my head in misery.  I wore a tight, grey t-shirt, tight jeans and a leather jacket.  I thought I looked pretty good. I mean, I don’t think I’m the best-looking lad in the bunch but I’m not exactly hard to look at either.  But among the crotchless chaps, cut-off shorts, leather vests and the absence of clothing altogether, I felt like Uncle Pervie doing stake-out at the local playground.
“Sherlock, we can get another doctor if you’d rather.  I mean it, I won’t take offense if you’d want someone you didn’t know.  Strangers bring a sort of anonymity which might be easier.  I’d still be able to be in the room if you would want me for support.   I can ask your brother to find another male physician or a female, whichever you prefer.  I’m here because Mycroft sent for me, but I don’t have …”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "So I have a purely homosexual kink. You obviously have something to base this scientific deduction on, I'm sure. Please enlighten me."
Finally, John finished, Sherlock stroking him to completion and through the aftershocks.  His breath calming.  Sherlock remained inside of him.
John whispered, “Oh, fuck.  He’s right outside the door.  The sodding git.  I bet he does wank on his fucking machines this early in the damn morning.”  He pulled on Sherlock’s coat sleeve.  “C’mon.   There’s another door at the other end of the suite through the breakroom.  It leads out to another hall.”
“You’ve spent days avoiding this conversation, you obviously tried to hide how you felt about me so why would you try so hard to make sure I did eventually come to the right conclusion?”
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow.  “Why should you feel like an idiot?  You have no prior experience to go on.”
“No, I know you’ll say I’m being foolish, that LOVE conquers all and we’ll be just fine!” Sherlock pumped his fist in a show of mock merriment and solidarity.  Placing his hands on his thighs, he continued, “but that’s not really how this works, is it?”
I put my clothes back on and headed into the sitting room.  Sherlock was in the chair, legs crossed, sipping tea.
“Christ.  Sherlock no.  Absolutely not.  None of it, not one bit of this is because you should have or could have done anything else differently.”  John sighed once more.  “Look, for some reason, you’re not blaming him, who, by the way is the only person at fault here, but you’re damn sure not going to blame yourself.”  John made sure he had eye contact with Sherlock.  “None of it happened because you didn’t fight hard enough or that you weren’t manly enough.  None of it, Sherlock.  It happened because he didn’t take no for an answer.  Full stop.”
He woke with John on his bed, next to him, a hand on his shoulder, talking soothingly.  He started at John’s proximity at first.  John was always so careful to stay a safe distance away.
Sherlock closed his eyes and shook his head slowly.  Subjecting himself to more of what was impossible for him to have was not an option.
Lestrade shrugged and went to call an ambulance. John knelt next to Sherlock's head and started to examine Sherlock while trying to talk to the man discreetly.
“No …well, okay, yes sometimes more than I like to admit,” Sherlock gestured vaguely at his injured body.  “But it’s not just a medical need.”  Sherlock sighed and continued, “I just want it.”
Malcolm smiled beamingly.  “Well, your secret is safe with me doc.  I have no problem getting’ one over on that pain in the arse anyway.  Demostrate away.  I will warn you, he usually comes in a bit earlier than everyone else.  Should be here in about an hour, maybe an hour and a half.”  Malcolm leaned in closer to John and dropped his voice to a whisper. “Probably likes to rub up and down on his equipment, have a little bit of private time with it, if you know what I mean?”
“I was intolerant of it,” Sherlock corrected dropping his gaze to John’s knee as he placed a hand there.
"Oh, nononono ... John's not gay. Right John? Do not, under any circumstances confuse him with being attracted to men. He just won't stand for it. Right John?"
John glanced over at Sherlock’s progress.  He hadn’t wanted to invade his privacy but curiosity got the better of him.  The pale expanse of skin caught his attention.  Long legs, pronounced hamstrings, swell of perfectly-shaped buttocks.  Holy jeez.  He only held his inappropriate gaze for a moment before he was able to professionally kick himself in the arse and get himself right before Sherlock turned around.
John and Sherlock were exhausted.  They retreated to 221B and had a silent meal of Thai take-away, mechanically replenishing at least the physical reserves they had used on this particular case.  Sherlock remembered John asking him often how he was doing, hovering more closely and encouraging him to talk and to please communicate if he needed to step back.  But how could he step back?  He had decided that if he stuck with the specifics about the case, the money as the motivator of the crime, the inner workings, instead of the horrific exploitation of a sexual nature, he would be able to stay in the right frame of mind to work the case.  He used this investigation as a reason to refrain from as much sleep as he could, only indulging in brief 2-3 hour naps and only when his mind could no longer function without the sleep.  Setting his alarm for brief periods of slumber adequate enough to take away the sleep deprivation psychosis and melancholy, but no more, he kept the nightmares away for the most part.
“Meaning,” Sherlock interrupted, “that she only grazed me with the front blade and didn’t sink it in deep enough for the sawback to tear the wound open.”
“It’s small.  Very small.”  Sherlock continued to probe the area, spread him open and pulled his cheeks apart.  “It’s so pink and wet.  Obviously abused.”  He pushed one single finger inside.  “Still tight, you recover very quickly.  Even this soon after I bet it would hurt quite a bit if I were to fuck you again.”
Sherlock nodded.  “John, I didn’t know it was the killer.  I have great eyesight, but all I could see from a distance was a red stone.  It could have been a gumball machine toy for all I knew.  I had no intention of being stabbed when I walked toward him.”
John snickered.  “Got it.”  John looked at his watch once again.  “So he’ll be in on a Saturday then?”
John began licking Sherlock’s entrance once more lightly stroked a couple of fingers down along the side of Sherlock’s cock before he brought his left hand back and gave a good slap to the same arse cheek leaving a lovely pink hand print in its wake.
Not here.  Not this way.  As much as he is begging me to bend him over the bench in front of us and shove into him anonymously, I cannot.  I talk again, directly into his ear.  “Do you want to know my name.”
John knew the sensation of being too over sensitive and stopped quickly, moving up to Sherlock’s side.  He grabbed his discarded t-shirt and wiped his own mouth and face, then wiped up the worst of the mess on Sherlock’s face and belly, leaving his over sensitized cock for the moment.  He put an arm around Sherlock’s waist and gave him time to settle and catch his breath.
John winked at his flatmate and flashed a cheeky grin.  He deserved it.  Served him right for disregarding his own safety like that.  It hadn’t been the first time he’d done that in the weeks they had lived together.  “I know.” He removed the object from the fridge and closed the door.  “I need you to stand up, drop your pants and bend over the table.”  John stated matter-of-factly as he plunged the needle on the syringe into the vial he held upside down directly in front of his own face.
Once everything was cleaned enough to pass inspection, John came over with a phlebotomists tray and pulled at Sherlock’s cuffs, getting them out of his way.  “Sorry, but I need a blood sample as well.  We’ll stop by Bart’s and drop it off at their lab on the way home.  Theirs is open twenty-four hours, even on Saturdays.  The lab here doesn’t open until nine.”
“Well, on you go then.  It’s yours.  I assume you have lube and condoms.  If not, I’ll need to get some out of my pants pocket.”
Over the next several days, the pain became bearable, then more tolerable and within a couple of weeks there was no pain at all physically.  John asked him more questions about Mohammed/Moses.  Why couldn’t he remember his fucking name?  It was ridiculous that he couldn’t remember his fucking name.  But then Sherlock remembered that he was actively trying to delete him in his mind palace so, he didn’t care.
John nodded.  “Well then.  A bit dramatic, but job well done, I suppose,” he moved toward Sherlock with the basin and a couple of flannels. “So what happened?”
“I’m right here, babe.”  John put the packet of surgi-lube and the medicine in his robe pocket and met up with Sherlock in the hallway.  Instinctively, John put the back of his hand on Sherlock’s forehead.  Sherlock pulled away and dragged his blanket and a pillow with him into the lounge.
Mycroft gestured toward the door, “this way but you won’t need a data collection kit.  Sherlock decided to take a shower and rinse away any evidence that might be collected from his person.”
Well these are some short chapters.  Should have just combined them but, no biggie, I suppose.  It seemed so much longer when I was writing it.
“No?  You said the antibiotics didn’t really work, so I thought the best course would be to jump right to the needed tests then.”
“I am not refusing!”  I replied sternly.  He can’t just whip accusations at me and expect me to …oh!
“I’ll just be naked, arse up, bent over the kitchen table then.  Whenever you get a minute.  Take your time, John.”
John continued working on the sutures.  “I mean that most people identify sexually somehow and sex plays a somewhat prominent role in their lives.  Some more than others but you haven’t really expressed yourself in that way, at least that I’ve noticed.  I had come to the conclusion that you were asexual, which is, of course fine, but that thought had changed when you … during your physical.  I had then concluded that you must have a medical kink and that at some point you must have explored that with someone, which, again, is fine.  I had been around you for months at that point and was not under the impression you had any … of those, types of feelings for me.  Why would I?  I assumed you just had this particular kink and I just happened to be there to witness it because if it was me, the physical exam, causing it, surely I would have noticed you acting differently around the flat and you, being you would have certainly let on about something like that.”
“There you go.  Relax and breathe.  That’s all you have to do right now.  Breathe in.  Breathe out.”  His foot flips my ankle over his and he insinuated his knee under my thigh, my leg was drawn up and spread open.  He pulled me backwards a bit more so that I was practically in his lap.  His breath was steadily warming my neck.  He pinched my nipples, each in turn making me gasp softly, not enough to hurt, just arouse them.
“Yes, please.”  John had pulled out a clean bed sheet and draped it over Sherlock, attempting to allow him as much privacy as he would allow any other patient.  “Warm enough?”
Watson was usually a very grounded man.  Very intent on practicality and reality, but here, now.  no such things existed.  He knew he could move, was physically able to move, but was nailed to the door in his own sort of crucifixion.  He was coming undone.  The cooler air registered to his lower half as his trousers and pants were dragged to his ankles in one go.  He gasped and opened his eyes to see his Sherlock … beautiful, pale-skinned, dark-haired Sherlock sitting on his knees looking up at him.  John’s cock jutted out in want from his body, was so near to that beautiful, red-hot, perfectly shaped mouth.
“You’re welcome,” John said with a look of indifference as he waited for the scathing comments to follow.
“Right.  Well I’m pleased to say that you are not retaining urine in your bladder.  That is good news.  It just means that since your prostate sits directly below the bladder, it becomes irritated with any fluid at all in your bladder.  The pressure increases and you feel the need to void all the time.”
“Mmm.”  Oh, trust me, I’m freaking relaxed.  A little twinge of pain when he pulled out but not bad.  I feel him separating my cheeks and looking at me.
“Sort of.  In university there was someone.  I had thought I was asexual up until that point as well, but we struck a friendship like I had never known before.  I don’t know why he insisted on spending time together but he did and I discovered, after many months of having his friendship, for the first time in my life, I did have sexual feelings.”
I was confused.  Does that mean he’s going to quit taking shifts at the surgery and be a proper assistant then?  Does it mean he’s going to stop nagging me and convincing me that I should be ‘nice’ to people?  Is he going to keep my tea cup helpfully supplied while I’m in the busy process of experimenting? “When you say that I win …”
John went to the loo and grabbed a warm cloth.  Returning, he cleaned Sherlock off as completely as he could and covered him with a blanket.  Wanting nothing more than to curl up next to his lover, he cursed the blasted sample staring at him from the desk.
John kissed his mouth to shut him up. He kissed and nipped at Sherlock’s mouth and jaw.  He ran his hands down Sherlock’s chest and then took Sherlock’s cock in his hand, stroking slowly.  Sherlock moaned and tossed his head side to side.  Oh God, that sound.  John’s prick twitched and Sherlock felt that against his thigh.
He grabbed the waistband on my jeans and started yanking them down.  I gasped.  “Can we go ahead and get rid of these?”  He’s asking in a sort of tentative voice as though I haven’t been dry humping his hand for the past few minutes.
“I think I came to some incorrect deductions … and I … I thought we could talk about that.  What it means … and .. could you just come out of there.  I hate talking to you with a bloody door between us.”
“God, yes!  All yours!”  John’s breathing was heavy and shallow once more.  He lifted his hips, canting them in the air all the better for Sherlock to thrust into.
“Of course,” Sherlock answered as he pressed his lips to John’s groin continuing to kiss in several spots along the blonde bush of hair at the base of John’s dick.
John leaned back once more and closed his eyes allowing Sherlock full rein.  It was a bit humiliating with all of his bits presented but no more so than a full physical had been he supposed.  “Just so you know, I definitely draw the line at rectal response,” John said, grateful he hadn’t forced the issue of a prostate exam on Sherlock if he was going to play tit for tat.
Sherlock kicked off his own cover and flopped onto his back, clearly annoyed.  “Yes, clearly my priority should be to satisfy your curiosity.”
John sat down.  “I do understand.  You think I’m not noticing that you don’t sleep, you don’t eat?  I notice it Sherlock.  I notice and I’m trying to help you but you’ve shut me out.  You’re convinced that you have the answers and that I’m an outsider that doesn’t understand your brain.  I think I’m the only one who understands your brain, Sherlock.  But I’m not going to try to convince you of it. I’ve tried.  You’ll exhaust every measure you think you have to do first, but you have to figure it out on your own. If you think you need more sex then just let me do that for you.”
A month later and John hadn't had to treat Sherlock for any injuries at all. If anything, Sherlock had become more careful than ever. He actually left the tracking down of criminals to Scotland Yard and turned down the chases through back alleys and leaping from roof to roof. It was BORING. He actually stopped bringing toxic substances into the flat altogether. It was an obvious work around for their deal about not letting injuries go without proper treatment.
John woke to find that Sherlock was no longer in their bed for some reason.  In the months they had been together one of the biggest surprises in their relationship was that Sherlock would stay in bed, next to John while he caught up with Forensic Science Monthly on his laptop or updated his website.  He didn’t require much sleep, but he seemed to like being next to John as much as possible.
“John, after all this time, don’t you think that if I had wanted to have a … romantic relationship with you, I would have instigated it?  You’re my friend.  We’re obviously not even sexually compatible.”
John returned with medication and a set of surgical scrubs that would be way too big on Sherlock, but it would have to suffice.
“When you’re hurt on a case, you decline a trip to A&E not because you expect me to take care of you, but because you expect to either treat your injuries yourself or not at all.”
John reached down behind Sherlock’s bollocks, “it’s behind this space right here.  It’s what I’m doing when I draw circles on it with my thumbs.  You probably don’t notice it specifically because I usually have your cock in my mouth at the same time.”
Sherlock was just drifting off when John returned with the frozen vegetables.  He grinned sleepily when the bags were clearly NOT peas.
Sherlock pondered a moment.  “To be fair, the list of people even slightly interested in touching me is a very short one.”
John nodded.  “You’re going to become very frustrated,” John emphasized wanting to be sure this was what Sherlock wanted.
I wish we would have stayed on the fucking couch!!   The reality of it hit me as soon as we past the threshold of his bedroom, the covers turned down sloppily, a ghost of what we had done earlier.  There were condoms and lube on the bed.  I balked.  “I’m a bit dry.  Gonna get a quick drink of water…real quick.  Be right back.”  Too fucking real. Truth be told, I know I’m a doctor and I know that the human body adjusts to accommodate but the part of me that’s not a doctor…the part that’s just some poor sap looking for ….well, for this, I just …I’m unglued about it, I suppose.  Ugh!
John stopped the forward thrust of the needle to look at Sherlock.  He rolled his eyes.  “Sure, why not.  I’ll draw an extra tube so you can take it home to play with.”
“The more I thought about it, the more I came up with what tests we could get out of the way right here, right now.  None of them take very long.”  He continued to push buttons and monitor the screen as he spoke.  “And if I get them done myself, I’ll not only have the results much quicker, I’ll have no need to schedule you to see someone else.”
“I know.  I want you too.  The first time with a new partner is always a bit nerve racking, I suppose.”
He playfully smacked Sherlock’s hip.  “I feel like I’m balancing on one foot and juggling at the same time.  Trust me, I will be right with you, you cheeky git.”  He rotated his finger clockwise and then counterclockwise to complete the examination.  Surreptitiously, he grabbed the nearby specimen container and held it with his right hand, making sure to keep the head of Sherlock’s penis inside of the cup, without touching the sides.  Finally, he found the gland with the tip of his left finger once more and began to stroke it gently.  He found the left lateral border and stroked toward the center.  He then found the right lateral border and stroked toward the center once more.  Left border, in.  Right border, in.
“Well, you’re not exactly the type to keep things to yourself.  You make your opinion known about everything all the time.”
“Or you could start going to therapy like I’ve said for months,” John shrugged his shoulders indifferent to his flatmate’s drama.
“Mmm … yeah I do.”  John said as he continued to stroke Sherlock.  He grinded his hips against the man below him.  He smiled.  “You liked it when I called you Mr. Holmes.”
I could not let him walk away.   I ran to catch up with him and grabbed his arm.  “John…, wait.”   How do I put this like I’m not a predatory bastard?  I flash him my infamous grin.  I know it won’t work on him, he doesn’t fall for my charms at all.  He sees right through me.  But I give it a go just the same.  I know what I want.  Him.  I know what he wants.  To figure out if the erections he is experiencing when thinking of me really mean that he’s “turned gay” without actually risking our friendship.
“None that have the movement of their muscles intact so I can properly visualize.  Honestly, John, if I have to explain why I’m doing everything I’m doing, this is going to take all day.”
Several minutes later John noticed Sherlock’s breathing was becoming more rapid and his face was flush.  “You all right?”
The shirts were rucked up to his armpits.  His arms were manhandled above his head, wrists crossed and held in place by one strong hand.  Sherlock didn’t have to order him to keep them there, he just knew not to move them.
His selections were dwindled down first based on physical appearance.  No scruffy beards as was the fashion.  No potential sexual partner could remind him of John.  All sandy-blondes were summarily dismissed before reading their profiles or their ‘hello’ responses to his ad.  Then he went through height, eye color and professions.  Just to make sure, he also rid himself of anyone in the medical field at all.  He also deleted a malpractice attorney just in case.  One responder signed his real name as “John” and was then deleted as well.
John gave a self-satisfied smirk and told the man his services would not be required after all before shutting the door in his face.
He rinsed himself off and vowed that he would never subject himself to that kind of fanciful ideation again.  Happily ever after was not in his cards.  John did not need the fucked up, damaged version of who Sherlock once was.  This was his life.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  50/50 shot and he got it wrong which wouldn’t help his case in the slightest.  He gave a pull at his limbs.  He flailed about uselessly for a moment.  Mike’s grip was like iron, his full weight holding Sherlock down, a strong forearm across his shoulders, pinning him, pushing him down into the mattress.
“John?”  He sounds like he suddenly got nervous.  “I know you don’t want to do doggie-style but I’m trying to get the right angle to hit your prostate while I stroke you and it’s difficult where we’re at right now.”
“Point 1.  There would be barely a difference in the way we treat each other.  We’re already practically a couple.”
Sherlock was fully sprawled across the exam table, face down. “She was walking through with a cup of the solution in her hands.  She tripped and knocked it over while I was standing at the centrifuge.  When I turned and came back to my seat at the microscope, I hadn’t realized she had spilled it all over my chair.”
John rolled his eyes but stood and wandered into the kitchen.  “It’s just that you walk around sometimes in just a sheet and nothing else, but when I’m examining you, you seem like you’d rather die than drop your pants or even let me see under your shirt.  Is there a problem?”
“Back up on the table,” Sherlock instructed quickly, cutting John off mid-sentence.  “Please.”  He had turned toward the counter seemingly searching the contents for something.  He was breathing deeply, quickly and after a few moments he turned back toward John without any instruments in his hands.  John thought that was an awful lot of searching for nothing.
"He won't let me call an ambulance, of course, but that leg is bleeding pretty good, right?" Lestrade said kneeling down to talk to John.
Lestrade rolled his eyes.  “C’mon Sherlock,” he said pinching the bridge of his nose trying to muster as much patience as possible.  “Can we just assume we’re all idiots and have you move on from that point?”
John startled at the alarmed tone of Lestrade’s voice as he was making his way up the stairs.  Sherlock hadn’t been home when John returned home after work so he assumed Sherlock had been with Lestrade on a case.
“Sherlock, I think we should talk.”  Did that sound too nervous?  Sherlock might think he sounded like talking was a chore that had to be done.
John looked ashamed.  “I guess that wraps it all up with a bow then, doesn’t it.”  He stepped closer.  “Sher, I’m so sorry.  There is nothing I wanted more than to be with you properly and to stay with you.  I know I’ve been a sodding wanker, but, if I may, in my own defense, I was thinking of you … of your health.  You told me you wanted answers, that you didn’t want to wait.  I admit, piss-poor timing, but I didn’t want you to have to go through that again.  You needed me to think like a doctor for a few more minutes and I did, for you.  When I left you were completely blissed out.  I knew you hadn’t slept at all in at least 36 hours.  I thought you would sleep well after I got back from the lab.”
John put his hand on top of Sherlock’s to still his efforts.  “Just have a seat for a second, all right?” John motioned for the other chair in the room instead of the exam table.
His efforts earned him a blow to the head with something hard.  He heard a ringing in his ears and thought it might have been the bottle of lube that Mike knocked him with.  Suddenly there was a burning, suffocating pain that took his breath away.  He may have let a scream go unbidden as he finally slumped into the mattress and waited.
John looked to the young girl. "I think it's okay to let him go. I'll keep his spine safe. Promise."
Frances was good-looking, charming, had deep brown eyes and wavy brown hair.  Sherlock could deduce from across the room that he was single, never married, no children, openly gay, successful, lived by himself and had one small dog.  He let himself smile when they first made eye contact, but then the man smiled and came in for a casual hug and kiss to Sherlock’s cheek.  That was when Sherlock first got the whiff of the appalling halitosis.  Dreadful, unacceptable.
He woke with a start, moving to the other side of the bed reflexively before he recognized the voice. “John!  What happened!?”
John’s cock was continually stroked.  He was so close.  So close.  “Sherlock.  I’m gonna … I’m so ready…”
“I have experience with programming my brain to remember and delete many things.  I’m certain that the only reason I cannot delete … Serbia,” Sherlock motioned with his hand dismissively, “is because I have nothing to replace it with.  I’ve tried to fill it with … other things but it keeps coming back.”
“You’re gorgeous,” he placed a hand on the side of Sherlock’s neck rubbing his thumb across his cheek.  “Fucking gorgeous.” John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s once more and soon he had a lap full of Sherlock as the other man sat down, legs astride John’s.  “Oh fucking hell … is this all right?”  John had two handfuls of Sherlock’s arse clad only in his tight polka dotted underpants.  John smiled.
Sherlock gave a quirk of an eyebrow.  “Excellent choice of words doctor.  I would expect nothing less.  Off we go.”  He flipped his scarf around his neck and opened the door, not even attempting to be quiet in the stair well.
“It seems highly inappropriate to kiss you as your doctor, but completely out of the question to not kiss you considering.”
He hadn’t meant it to be insulting to Sherlock.  He knew there were Yarders and neighbors and Mrs. Hudson who thought that they were a couple and even though he never voiced it, he thought that was flattering.  He knew Sherlock didn’t care about correcting them but that was because he was mostly oblivious to such trivialities.  Or that’s what John had thought.  He’d taken it upon himself to defend Sherlock’s honor, not to protest that John would be with him in that way.
By the time they waved their thanks to Malcolm for the distraction, made it to the street, hailed a cab and were on their way to St Bart’s, they were laughing hysterically.
“Thank you, John.  I thought I’d be apologizing to you for not dragging him to A&E like I should’ve done.”
John had taken the cup away and put it on the table when he sat back only to have a pillow shoved in his lap and a very drowzy Sherlock flop his head onto that spot.  John put his arms out ready to push his way out from under his flatmate but once he heard the deep, contented sigh, he just couldn’t bring himself to move.  He hesitated a moment but finally put his hand on top of Sherlock’s head, running his fingers over the dark curls and finding himself wondering about how he had been cared for in the past.  As Sherlock slept, John studied his face.  He looked so young and innocent in sleep.  John knew he had a checkered past full of addictions and probably people that tended to abuse their relationship with him.  People in those circles tended to overextend and insinuate themselves which made John shudder to think.  In addition to how Sherlock scoffed at sentiment and knowing Mycroft wasn’t the most affectionate man, he couldn’t imagine the Holmes family being overly affectionate either.  John found himself asking what kind of life Sherlock must have known and how hungry he must have been for comfort to be so seeking of it in his sleep.  The thought made John square his jaw and stiffen his posture with indignation over the presumably wicked people who influenced a very young, vulnerable Sherlock.  His own life wasn’t all rainbows and sunshine but despite the harsh times, John and Harry always knew their parents loved them and always hugged them and showed their emotions.
“Well, even if, as you say, I ‘tricked you’, you still were able to reach full arousal, I take it, when met with my aural stimulus?”
John went into the living room and sat in his chair.  He thought about what he was going to tell Sherlock.  What was he going to tell Sherlock?  After all the protestations about his own sexuality, now that he knew Sherlock fancied him he was magically gay too?  Sherlock wouldn’t buy that for one hot second.  John was bisexual though, always had been.  He found women easier to date.  A lot less funny looks, nobody calling him a bloody poof.  He hated that.  But for Sherlock?  That was not even close to being a barrier.  He adored Sherlock as his best friend and adding being his lover to the mix, God yes!  He didn’t care if he had to defend himself and Sherlock to the entire world one bigoted idiot at a time, Sherlock was worth it.
Once he finished and splashed water on his face and brushed his teeth, he decided he would text John.  If John answered his text, that would be a good sign.
Still attempting to gain control, to slow his breathing, John opened hazy eyes and finally took in Sherlock’s movements.  He noticed Sherlock had divested himself of the dressing gown and stood naked.  He quirked an eyebrow when Sherlock plopped a square foil packet upon the mattress along with the tube of lube.  “Sherlock?”
“Because, I don’t want your prostate stimulated anymore for a couple of days, at least.  I can’t take you because it would stimulate your gland.  You can’t take me because I am ready to blow any minute now and I won’t last long enough for the serious prep work that would have to be done to get me ready to take you.”  John glanced down in the direction of Sherlock’s crotch.
I couldn’t get out of the bed fast enough.  Nonononono.  I grabbed my dressing gown and pulled it around me.  The blanket on the floor was grabbed and I thrust it up and over John’s naked form before moving to the bedroom door.  “When you are ready to stop this self-loathing behavior and talk to me like a civilized adult, come into the sitting room.  I’ll make tea.”
Later that evening John sat in the lounge on the sofa, a cup of tea next to him.  He stared at Sherlock concentrating on an experiment strewn about the kitchen table. “I’m confused about something,” John knew he set himself up to be insulted as soon as he’d said it but he thought if the conversation started off with Sherlock feeling like he already had the upper hand, he might be more forthcoming with his answers.
“Turn over.”  John playfully slapped Sherlock’s hip and pointed toward the head of the bed.  “Move up and grab a pillow.
Sherlock did and again the dual sensations were amazing.  His cock and tongue surrounded in the smell and taste of John.  Beautiful, warm, familiar John.
“You drank one glass of white wine and he consumed four gin and tonics during the course of the evening.  You left at precisely 3:41 and came here.  He left at 5:22.  Not difficult to deduce what happened the one hour and thirty-three minutes between.”
“Ah, yes the point being that I love you and your refusal to admit your feelings for me.”  He set his tea down on the table and pulled his dressing gown around him tighter then finally met my eyes once more.
A blunt pressure on his testicles and perineum brought his attention away from his calming technique and he felt the panic rise again.  He placed a hand on the man’s chest above him and gave a push which really didn’t move him whatsoever.  He had no leverage himself, his legs bent, knees way out to the sides, trapped in the crook of the elbows of his date’s strong arms, his feet dangling up by the other man’s shoulders.
“Not yet,” Sherlock nuzzled into the pillow then looked over at John.  “You’ve sat there the entire time?”
“Bullshit!  You opened up to me yesterday,” before Sherlock could interrupt him, he reiterated, “yes, you did!  You told me things you never said before.  You told me you were gay which is decidedly more personal than you have ever been with me, you told me things, important things about your past about what you’ve suffered through.”  John sighed.   “I thought this meant you were letting me in.  You were allowing me to stand with you, help you.”
Their routine fell back into place.  Sherlock was still an utter cock to everyone, destroyed the kitchen on a semi-regular basis and shouted “obvious!” at the tele a lot.  John still followed him on cases, picked up the shopping and announced how “absolutely remarkable” Sherlock’s deductions were.
“You’ve never had cock?”  I heard myself ask.  His body quickly stiffened a bit at the question.  I thought I had blown my cover.  Finally, he must have chalked the question up to how nervous he must have seemed to a frequenter of this establishment.  I had to ask.  I’m pretty certain that I know, but to be 100% sure would be good too.  I asked because I know he won’t divulge that information to me, Sherlock, but he might confirm this information to a stranger who might fuck him and let him out of his sodding, virginal misery.
Sherlock sprang upright pulling the covers up to his chin as he went.  The room contained Anthea as well as two other agents in his brother’s employ.  He turned to address the agent closest to him bending down to follow Mycroft’s order.  “Don’t even think about it or I will make sure your wife is aware of your early morning donut habit despite being on a strict low carbohydrate diet.  Chocolate cream as well as maple.  Must have been a particularly difficult loss with your bet on the horses this morning, hmm?”
Soon his own need to come was winning over the need to remain inside of John.  He pushed John onto his front and stroked inside, pressing his hands against John’s scapula in a punishing rhythm.  John gasped after each satisfying inward thrust.
Sherlock wrapped John up in his arms.  Hopefully to calm but also served to anchor John in place.  “John, open your eyes.  Do it.”  He commanded.
I’m blissed out, completely open and melty.  I could feel his cock twitch inside me, his breath on my neck.
Sherlock’s eyes met his.  They shared a connection.  More than flatmates, more than friendship, more than doctor/patient confidence.  It was a look of trust, one of handing himself over easily and one of accepting that trust.
Of course the pair were swept up into a maelstrom of case after case after case for weeks.  A human trafficking case went on for over a week with tragic loss of way too many children and adolescents.  In the end they broke up a huge trafficking ring and brought several key persons to justice but the mood at New Scotland Yard was far from jovial with the latest arrests.  They all knew there would be people to replace those that were arrested without even a slight hiccup in their operation.  The “dark web” was far too vast and very difficult to identify anyone on it.  What they had done had definitely saved lives and they took that as a win, but there were too many people still out there needing to be saved.
