Cas has no such reservations about assessing the bed and he eyes it dubiously. “If you’re sure.”
Dean blinks in surprise. He’d honestly forgotten. It’s been so long since any of them have celebrated a birthday that the day usually passes unnoticed. He suddenly remembers Sam’s consternation on the phone the night before.
“Wait, you bought them separately?” Dean asks. He lets out a another burst of laughter when Eileen nods.
“We didn’t even plan that,” Eileen says. “I bought the Santa hats and Sam bought the lights.”
, yet.”
Miracle perks up immediately at the word ‘walk,’ tags jingling as he jumps from the chair and trots over to Dean. He stretches and yawns, and then plants himself at Dean’s feet, fixing him with an expectant look. Dean reaches down to rub his head and turns his head to look at Cas. “What do you say?”
“I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to worry you.” Cas tugs Dean closer. “It just means I’m more human than I was. If it fades entirely that’s all I’ll be. Just human.”
“Are you—” Dean clenches his jaw. “Are you dying?”
Cas leans forward to inspect one of them. “What is it?”
At the same time, Cas growls, “Yes.”
Dean’s heart starts beating faster. He steps back then, biting his lip as he goes, because all he wants is to press Cas up against the bookshelf, but he actually
“It’s inconsistent, is all,” he says. “It goes in and out. A close approximation, I suppose, would be like trying to pick up a weak radio signal.”
Their fingers brush together in the process and even that small amount of contact is enough to make Dean’s stomach perform a series of ridiculous little backflips. He wonders what will happen when they finally get each other naked, but that thought so thoroughly short-circuits his brain that he forgets what he’s doing for a moment. Cas has to say his name (a bit of concern bleeding into it, which Dean supposes is warranted) to snap him back to the kitchen and the bowl of poorly mixed eggs.
“Did I say anything?”
Cas doesn’t bother to contradict him but he does give him a disbelieving little eyebrow quirk to which Dean can’t help responding with a huff of laughter.
. He's not sure what's stopping him from saying it now, except maybe that he already feels too raw and he's not sure he'll survive stripping away another layer right now.
She just laughs again and says, “They’re not paying attention.”
"Yeah," Sam says, brisk and perfunctory as he tucks his hair behind his ears. "She's okay."
Cas eyes it dubiously.
And he remembers Cas. Dream Bobby had told him that Cas helped Jack rebuild heaven.
Cas gives him an inquiring look when he lays the socks on the counter to pay. “Is it customary to buy matching socks?”
They spend the morning and part of the afternoon in the library. Dean lets Cas take charge and follows the system he and Sam set up. Just after lunch, Sam calls to tell them they’ve wrapped up the banshee problem and that Jody is going to swing by for dinner and stay the night. Dean decides that this calls for a proper meal, so he leaves Cas to continue in the library while he makes a grocery and beer run.
“Dean,” Cas says, voice just above a whisper.
“Thank you.”
The original plan had been a New Year’s Eve party at the bunker, but Donna had caught a vamp case that required backup, so Jody and Claire had gone as reinforcements. They tried to push it by a week, but apparently all the monsters had made it their new year’s resolution to cause as much havoc as possible and they’d barely had a break since New Year’s Eve. Finally Jody insisted that no matter what came down the pipe, she was hosting a dinner the second to last weekend of January. The only reason Dean and Cas had taken this last case was because they knew they’d be able to tie it up quickly. And they had. They just hadn’t planned for a snowstorm.
Cas looks at Sam. “Do you mind?”
Donna laughs even harder at that, and, man, Dean
"I intend to do the same for you," Cas says.
Dean feels like he’s hovering before he even gets in the room. He’s still trying to figure out how they went from mostly good to this awkward dance of tip-toeing around each other. He hates it.
“Hello,” Cas replies in his deep rumble.
Before Dean can tug them together, Cas slips a hand between them and wraps his fingers around Dean's dick. Dean grunts in surprise and thrusts into Cas's grip. Cas gets his other hand around the back of Dean's neck and kisses him. For a moment Dean's plans to slow down and draw this out get tossed out the window. Cas twists his wrist, bumps his thumb over the head of Dean's dick, and it's perfect. God, it's so fucking perfect. Dean drops his head to Cas’s shoulder and mouths at his collarbone. From this angle he can watch Cas's hand on him, can see the way Cas's dick is curving up towards his stomach, jumping when Dean releases a bitten off moan.
other people, but never
“We were just going to grab some breakfast, but we can…” Sam trails off and makes a vague gesture towards the door.
“Less talking please,” Dean says into his arms. A fresh wave of French toast aroma hits his nose and his stomach roils. He groans. “Why are we near food right now?”
Dean watches Cas go and when he finally looks at Jody she’s wearing a soft expression.
“Okay,” Eileen says, getting up and tugging on Sam’s hand. “I think we’re going to go to bed.”
Cas is leaning back against the counter, hands still dusty with flour. He’s gotten more of it on his t-shirt as well. Dean leans into him, bracing his hands on the counter on either side of Cas, and places a kiss on his jaw. Cas tilts his head up, giving Dean better access, and Dean takes advantage, mouthing over his throat, dragging his teeth over the corded muscles in his neck and then soothing it with sloppy, open mouth kisses. Cas groans and ducks his head, catching Dean’s lips with his. And it’s easy again, just like that. Dean lifts a hand to cradle Cas’s face and Cas presses his hand into the small of Dean’s back, pulling him closer. Maybe this is all Dean needed to do. Get him into a low stakes situation like cooking and let all his anxieties drop away.
Dean drops a featherlight kiss on each of his cheekbones, on the tip of his nose, the hinge of his jaw. He trails his fingers softly over Cas’s ribs, down to his waist where he rubs his thumbs along the vee that disappears beneath his sweats. Cas moans, hips bucking and causing Dean's thumbs to slip lower. His hands scrabble and clutch at Dean's waist, eventually shoving Dean's pants down his thighs. Dean kicks his way out of them and gives Cas the same treatment.
Dean’s brain immediately jumps to “gotcha!” because Cas
“You guys stay here,” Sam insists. “Have a chill night.”
Jody laughs and holds out her glass for more.
Dean tries to breathe through the panic surging in his veins. "Yeah," he manages. "I think so."
He wants everything with Cas. His mind skitters to the bottle of lube he found in Cas’s bedside drawer and his dick twitches, making a wet spot where he’s leaking precum into the cotton of his sweats. He’s overwhelmed by the possibilities. He wants to drop to his knees and take Cas into his mouth. He wants to get his hand around Cas and drag his thumb over the sticky wet head of his dick. He wants to press his fingers into Cas, open him up slowly, see if he can get him off just from that. He wants Cas to open him up, push inside him, and fuck him until his legs turn to jelly, until they’re both blissed out and dopey in the aftermath of their orgasms.
Cas laughs, a surprised, joyous burst, and then he’s leaning forward and pressing his lips to Dean’s. And Dean feels so buoyant he thinks he might float away if he didn’t have Cas to hold onto. Cas’s lips are soft and warm against his, gentle and sure all at once, and when Dean opens his mouth, Cas responds in kind. And then Cas’s tongue is in his mouth. Dean makes a broken, desperate sound that Cas swallows. Dean gets his hand at the back of Cas’s neck, into the soft hair there, and Cas groans. And just like that Dean’s half hard in his sweats, spreading his legs so he can draw Cas closer.
Dean swallows. “Yeah, about that…”
Even as he says it his eyes droop shut too long to pass off as a blink. “Coulda fooled me,” Dean replies.
Cas’s expression turns soft and he places his hand on Dean’s chest. “I think it worked out okay.”
the plan,” Cas says.
Dean finally lets go of Cas’s hand so he can tear into his presents. Every single one of them is perfect. Sam and Eileen got him a set of cast iron skillets. “So you’ll stop bitching about the ones at the bunker,” Sam says. Jody, Donna, and Alex went in together on new shirts. “Something not flannel,” Jody says. “For nights out,” Donna adds, winking at Cas. Dean only blushes a little. Mom got him a set of Japanese kitchen knives, “I thought you might need some good knives that weren’t for hunting,” and Jack got him a tackle box filled with new fishing lures. “For the next time we go fishing,” he says with a huge smile. Dean isn’t altogether sure he’s going to make it through this without crying. Luckily Claire and Kaia give him their gift next—two DVDs,
“No,” Dean manages to say as he regains control of his laughter. “She probably just thought it was funny. Because we hunt monsters.”
“No it has dots,” Cas says, holding it up for Dean to see better. It does, indeed, have small grey dots, though the effect is so subtle Dean wonders why they bothered.
Dean swallows and clenches his jaw against a fresh swell of nausea that has nothing to do with his hangover. He doesn't know. He can't bring himself to look at anyone.
“Where’s Eileen at?” Dean asks.
It hits Dean all over again, the improbability of it. This angel, this man, whatever he is now, his best friend falling asleep against him at the closing of what might just be a perfect day. It’s the kind of thing that would have terrified him once. But as he lays there, watching the gentle rise and fall of Cas’s chest, he finds that it doesn’t anymore. And that's something like a Christmas miracle.
It’s warmer than it has been the past few days. The sun is shining in a clear blue sky and the air has the smell of spring even though it’s mid-November and this is probably the last of the warmth before winter settles in. The bunker is removed enough from town that they can walk a long circuit without running into anyone, so Dean takes Cas’s hand and tugs him close. Cas goes easily and happily. Dean’s heart sings.
It’s...unbearably domestic. Dean wants to catch this moment in a bottle. It’s not something he ever thought he’d have. He’s used to cooking
“Please still act surprised,” Cas says, effecting a very serious expression.
Dean nods and Miracle lets out a low whine to make sure he didn’t forget about the walk that was promised.
Cas gives him a stiff nod and retreats to the bathroom. Dean runs sweaty palms over his jeans.
"Cas, I don't want to make any assumptions here, but--"
“Cas,” he says softly. Beyond that he’s speechless.
As they make their way inside, Dean finds a ‘Happy Birthday’ banner strung up in the living room, complete with streamers and balloons, and a pile of gifts on the coffee table. He’s overwhelmed. He seeks out Cas’s hand and doesn’t let go. This earns them a few knowing looks, but no one seems particularly surprised either.
“You’re stuck?” Sam demands, sounding personally offended by this development. He and Eileen had gone up to Jody’s ahead of them, along with Mom and Jack, while Dean and Cas wrapped up a routine salt and burn just outside of Lebanon.
“Yeah.” He opens his eyes and tilts his face up to Cas, ready to continue where they left off and make out properly.
“Will that be sufficient for dinner?” Cas asks.
Which is, of course, when a throb of pain decides to spike through his temples and send a fresh roil of nausea through his gut. He has to pull back and clench his teeth against the sick rush of saliva in his mouth, and he’s so frustrated he could scream, but all he can manage is a low growl. He keeps his eyes squeezed shut until the sensation passes. Dean presses his forehead into the firm plane of Cas’s belly and Cas works his fingers against the base of his scalp. It feels deliriously good, but he wants to be kissing him again.
. He remembers seeing Bobby, drinking some shitty beer, driving around until he met Sam on a bridge somewhere that looked like western Canada. It all has that surreal dream quality where one scene bleeds into another without any logic.
Dean pops the top button and gets a hold on the zipper. Cas makes a desperate sound that’s going to live rent free in Dean’s mind for the rest of his life.
“I have faith in you,” she assures him.
“Anytime,” she says. “And I expect a visit from you soon.”
Dean glances out the window at the snow still falling so thick he can barely see the vacancy sign. “I don’t think so, man. The roads are bad and it’s pretty much a whiteout.”
Jody looks at her own coffee mug and grimaces. It’s still mostly full. “Yeah.”
Dean groans and turns so that his mouth is pressed against Cas’s palm again. He wants to protest, but he’s exhausted. Deep in his bones. He can feel his eyelids drooping, already losing the fight against sleep. It’s so sudden that he wonders if Cas is using his grace to help him along.
Cas looks at him helplessly, but he does start down the stairs. Seeing him draw steadily closer reminds Dean how to move, so he abandons the sandwich on the bed and swings his legs over the side of the mattress, prepared to meet Cas halfway. He’s thwarted by a head rush that hits him as soon as he’s completely vertical and the only thing that stops him from collapsing to the floor is Cas rushing forward to catch him. Dean grasps at his arms and doesn’t let go even when Cas helps him sit back down on the edge of the bed. He never wants to let go of him again.
Dean, who hates wearing ties, gives Cas a bemused look and leaves him to it. It isn’t until Cas decides to pick out the most basic ties in existence that Dean offers up his opinion.
Of course, Cas notices. Dean is sitting stiff as a board with his arms crossed and a good two feet of space between them. He keeps glancing over at Dean, but makes no move to close the distance between them. He looks terribly unsure of himself. Dean
Dean nods again. It's enough, for tonight. They're both exhausted and overwhelmed. Dean needs to sleep for about fifty years.
“She’s right,” Dean says. “We’re not.”
Cas just shakes his head.
“You mean burning some food?” Sam says, amusement playing across his face. He looks like he’s about to laugh.
Cas looks pleased and Dean thinks maybe he’s on the way to redeeming himself.
Dean huffs. “Bitch.”
Dean sighs. “Fuck.”
“He tried,” Cas says, then busies himself fussing with the bedsheets, tugging them back and then straightening them to ease out the creases, maneuvering around Dean like a trained nurse.
“You should get some more sleep,” Cas says, the words muffled by Dean’s hair as Cas presses a kiss there.
“Yes,” Cas replies, all confidence. “I love you, too.”
“Sorry,” she says, not sounding sorry at all. “Unfortunately, just ‘cause we’re adults doesn’t mean we don’t sometimes act like teenagers.”
“No, no, I’m still here,” Dean assures her.
“Hello, Dean.”
“I should probably head out,” she says.
After Gabriel had healed Dean enough to stabilize him, Castiel had carried him up to his room. Dean would not return to that bare closet again. Gabriel followed, a silent, supportive presence. Castiel had silently stripped and gently washed the battered man and laid him gently in his bed. Both the angels had expended so much energy they needed to conserve what they could for another healing – hopefully the next day, if all went as it should.
What? Dean thought. Five years, not forever.
Dean had been on this earth for a lot of years, and he’d loved women, and he’d slept with women. He didn’t know how to handle the fact that the love he felt for Cas surpassed all of those he’d known in the past. And truthfully, he didn’t know if it mattered. He sighed and lifted his coffee cup, freezing when he heard something in the hallway, heart suddenly pounding, tension pulling tight throughout his body, reaching for the firearm he kept strapped under the table (every table now), looking at the doorway.
Dean bit his lip for a moment, looking into Castiel's eyes, before he answered, "I want to fuck you, Cas. I want to fuck you like there's no tomorrow."
He lowered himself, grabbing Dean's dick to keep it propped up. He felt the tip push against his hole and Sam released a breath he hadn't realized he was holding.
"Oh, man, Cas, I'm going to come," Dean stated, leaning over Castiel. He wrapped his hands around his neck and pulled him to him. Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean's body as his hands supported Castiel from his ass, Dean slowing his pumping as they hugged each other.
Dean had managed to get home before John, much to Sam's surprise. Then again, knowing John, he probably won't come back until tomorrow morning. But Dean did stumble into the motel room, laughing as if he had heard the funniest joke. Sam couldn't even pretend to be happy that Dean got home safely, he was pissed. And jealous. It should've been him in there with Dean, not that Castiel kid.
"No," Castiel interrupted, taking a deep breath. "I should do this on my own. The last thing I need is you getting hurt."
Dean moved to lay down next to Castiel, helping him clean off his own cum. "That did help," Castiel admitted, laughing as Dean smiled. "And it was perfect."
"I love-" Dean's voice caught in his throat, immediately catching himself. He cleared his throat as he tried to save it, "I love this."
With a sigh, Dean slowly nodded. "Fine," he stated, "but at least let me help you in another way."
Dean's hands instinctively landed on Castiel's waist as the kiss deepened, Castiel's hands working to unbutton Dean's shirt. Dean broke the kiss again but moved his lips to Castiel's neck. He bit back a moan, not wanting to give whoever was listening to the benefit of hearing them get it on. Dean was already pulling Castiel's pants down by the time he shrugged off his shirt.
Dean released a hearty chuckle. "Your dick wasn't even touched, you whore!" he stated, grinning. "Am I that good?"
Sam has watched plenty of porn to know what to do. He had to get the dick hard. So, he started with his hand, a few strokes to get it semi-hard, but it wasn't enough for Sam. He just wanted Dean's dick in him immediately, it didn't matter which hole he penetrated first.
"Daddy?" Dean laughed, but that little name caused him to drive harder. Well, as harder as he could in this spacing. "Someone has daddy issues, huh."
"Dammit," Sam muttered as he started taking his pants off. "He's passed out drunk, he won't remember."
Sam shouted with an I don't care attitude as the liquid shot out of his dick the next time he bottomed out, the white goo landing on the shirt Dean's wearing, a little disappointed that Dean didn't release his own come into him at the same time. No matter, Sam could keep going. He's young, he has the stamina.
It was Castiel's turn, planting tiny kisses down Dean's chest as he moved to get to his knees, pushing Dean against the wall due to the lack of space. He unbuckled Dean's belt, unbuttoned his pants, and pulled the clothing to his ankles. He didn't hesitate to wrap a hand around the hard rod, Dean hissing at the contact. He didn't hesitate to moan as Castiel brought the head between his lips, his tongue twirling around the tip.
"Fuck," Dean mumbled.
He can't believe he's stooping this low.
Castiel walked into the bedroom, closing the door behind him before releasing a heavy sigh. Dean looked up from his phone to watch the angel slouch his way over to the bed and collapse next to him, the hunter grinning a little as he watched Castiel's shoulder relax at the contact of the bed.
"I love you," Sam confessed, lowering his ass until he was sitting on Dean.
Dean watched as Castiel left through the front doors. He denied Missy's offer and made his way to the exit, stepping onto the porch just in time to see Castiel hop into his car and drive off. With a sigh, Dean headed back in to get some more drinks.
"Holy shit," Dean mumbled as Castiel bottomed out, moving up and down as he absentmindedly fondled Dean's balls. Dean's hand weaved through Castiel's hair, letting his hand right with Castiel's head as he sucked his dick. "You're scary good at that," Dean mocked, a smile on his face that instantly vanished when he released a groan.
"Nobody cares," Sam demanded, rolling his eyes and crossing his arms over his chest. "Parties are meant to be fun, Dean, stop acting like my parent." Sam chose that word carefully. He knew that if he told him to stop acting like his dad, Dean's good mood would vanish quickly. He'd make him go home immediately.
"Ah, you're so fucking good, Dean," Castiel declared. "Ugh, right there. Yes, daddy, right there. Fuck!"
Dean sucked in a deep breath and pulled out before slamming back in. Dean removed his hand from his mouth as he moved to pick up Castiel's other leg. His legs wrapped around Dean as Castiel used the wall as back support. Dean continued moving his hips, sweat covering both of them quickly as they both breathed their screams, not wanting to be too loud.
Sam froze at Castiel's name, eyebrows furrowed in anger while his eyes showed hurt. He wanted to get off of Dean now, but when he moved to get up, Dean released his orgasm into Sam's ass, and, for a moment, Sam forgot Dean said the wrong name.
"You like my dick, you cock whore?" Dean demanded and Castiel nodded desperately, his eyes squeezing shut as he bit his lip. "You need my dick as much as you need oxygen, don't you?"
"We have more than one closet, people, let's go!" she demanded, but Sam was no longer interested.
He sucked in a deep breath and went again, slower this time. The tip of his dick reached his gag reflex and he had to pull away once more. He wondered if Castiel took the whole thing without hesitation, thinking back to the words the pair were sharing while Sam was listening in. He has a feeling Castiel took Dean's dick like an experienced champ and he knew he had to be better than Castiel.
Castiel stood up and picked up a leg, Dean catching it. He lined up his dick to Castiel's ass and looked at him. "Just do it," Castiel assured before Dean could ask a question about protection. "It'll be fine."
"I do," Castiel whispered, huffing. "Keep fucking me, Dean. Never stop. Fuck me!" Castiel moaned and groaned as Dean started hitting that sweet spot he didn't know existed until now, trying his very best not to scream out loud. "I'm going to come."
"The whole school's invited, Dean," Sam said with fake annoyance. He's gotten good at pretending to be annoyed at Dean.
"Well, we fucked," Dean confessed, grinning widely, "and I liked it. No, I actually loved it. I love him." Dean's face went serious for a moment, his eyes widened as he said, "I can't believe I said that out loud."
Castiel removed himself from Dean's dick, but his hand still worked as he said, "We only have seven minutes. What else do you want to do?"
"What're you doing here, Sammy?" Dean asked with a grin. "I didn't think you'd want to come to this type of thing."
Dean grinned but shook his head. Castiel was the first one to close the distance, his lips locking onto Dean's like a missile. Dean was surprised, pulling away from him the second their lips touched, but when he looked into those diamond blue eyes, he couldn't help but be drawn back to him.
The angel furrowed his eyebrows in confusion as he looked over at Dean again, his piercing blue eyes getting lost inside Dean's emerald green ones. "How?"
The angel moved to the hunter's neck as they both worked to get each other's clothes off, rushing to get the other naked as if it were a race. Soon, their naked bodies were melting together, their legs tangled with each other in confusing twists and turns. Their dicks rubbed together as their lips refused to part, a moan escaping their mouths every now and again.
The door was pulled open by the time they had finished dressing. Castiel was the first one to walk away from Dean, leaving him alone in the closet for a moment. As he watched him walk away, he had noticed that they had switched shirts. How they didn't notice when dressing was beyond him, but he didn't say anything. Dean knew John was almost done with the hunt and that he was never going to see Castiel ever again, so this was his token of the first time he felt love.
Ignoring the pain, he started going faster. Moans left Dean's throat, his eyebrows furrowed, but he still didn't wake up. Sam didn't know anymore if he wanted Dean to stay asleep. Yeah, he'll have a hard time talking himself out of it, but it's too late now. It's already happening and he knows Dean loves it just as much as he does, so he won't stop it.
Dean hummed as he kicked his shoes off. "He was so great," Dean continued, Sam clenching his jaw tightly. "I wish we didn't have to leave. I could see us having a future together, y'know? Like a white fence, apple pie kinda life." Dean smiled, his eyes drifting off into space. "Oh, Sammy, you should've seen him. He was just... mmm, perfect."
"Shit," Dean breathed, moaning softly as Castiel continued slobbering on his dick. "Perfect."
"Oh, he left a few minutes ago," she answered without looking at him. "Said something about not feeling good. Whatever. It's my turn to spin, Dean, come on."
He started to wonder if his dick was better than oxygen like Castiel had said, his eyes wandering to the crotch area of his jeans where he could just picture Dean's dick. He licked his lips and looked back up at his brother's sleeping face. "Dean?" he whispered.
"No." Sam stared at the TV, but when he was met with silence rather than argument, he sighed heavily as he rolled his eyes. "It was supposed to be me, Dean. The bottle was supposed to land on me. If someone fucking blew on it, it would have! I want you to fuck me just like you fucked that Cas kid." Sam huffed, throwing his hands in the air. "I want you, Dean, more than a brother. I just-" He cut himself off when he heard snores coming from behind him, turning his head to see that Dean had passed out.
Dean stirred again, but Sam didn't acknowledge it as he kept sucking Dean's cock, the slurp noises the only thing filling the quiet room now that Dean's snoring has stopped. Dean moaned and Sam closed his eyes, letting himself picture Dean placing his hands on his head as he sucked, encouraging Sam with filthy words like he had encouraged Castiel. He pictured Dean shooting a load into the back of his throat and forcing him to swallow every single drop that leaked out of his dick. He pictured Dean moaning his actual name, not his stupid little nickname. He imagined the
Dean chuckled, shaking his head as he snagged the plastic cup out of his hand. "Well, you're not going to drink, alright?" He placed his cup on a nearby surface, Sam didn't look to see where. "You're only fourteen."
"Yes, Dean," Sam said. "Treat me like your come bag."
He scooted out of the game, nobody caring. He watched Castiel and Dean disappear behind a door as he inched closer.
The angel's moaning made Dean move faster, sitting up to move his hips better. He pushed Castiel's legs apart further, looking down at the two of them connecting with each other, watching his dick move inside Castiel. He panted, he moaned, he looked Castiel right in the eye as he pulled out, Castiel not hesitating to wrap his hand around the sensitive shaft. He finished him off, letting Dean release his cum onto Castiel's chest.
They found a place a couple of hours from Jody, since she was fixed there due to her job, and she and her little family seemed to be the heart of their new extended family. Sam set up a hunting school that operated off and on when he got enough interest, and they both served as sources of knowledge for the newbies. Dean helped Sam off and on, but that wasn’t his dream. There were a lot of things he had thought about over the years. He could be a mechanic - he could do anything to a classic car, that’s for sure. He had wanted to be a firefighter, once upon a time, but he was too old for that now; he didn’t have the sheer physical drive and capability now, and he knew it. That was okay. So, he hadn’t exactly figured out what he wanted to do with his life, hah, but that was okay. In fact, it was more than okay. After having an overriding mission for nearly forty years, he was enjoying his time off, and he wasn’t ready to give it up.
Dean had prayed. He had prayed to Jack to bring Cas back from the Empty. He had prayed to Cas to come back. Hell, he’d prayed to the Empty to let Cas go. He’d come a long way from that man who never prayed, had never believed in prayer. But for this, he would go all out. Cas had heard his prayers before. Jack was the new god - he had to be able to hear prayers.
“He’s clean and clear of any and all bonds,” she said to Castiel and Gabriel, standing just behind and to either side of Dean.
Michael cocked his head at Gabriel. “So, this is Castiel’s new project?” He eyed Dean speculatively. “He’s a beautiful human, at least.”
“I think it’s a distinct possibility. Whoever’s doing this has left himself exposed there.”
She took a deep breath and her gaze flitted from one of the brothers to the next, skipping over Dean as she explained. “I got John to forward that tip email to me. I was able to trace the path back to…” she gulped. “…Novak Brothers.” She didn’t pause, not wanting to answer any of the resulting babble of questions. “So I spent all of last night tracking the origin down, double- and triple-checking.” She looked at Castiel again.
Jody’s girls…Dean was going to have to learn to stop calling them that. Claire and Kaia would be there, taking a break from hunting. Alex lived there, and she’d have some time off to visit, same for Patience. Donna was driving in with her husband, not named Doug, thankfully - it was Mike. Yeah, that wasn’t the best name either, but whatever. Cas was hoping that Jack would drop by. The last time they’d spoken, he had said he’d try. It was gonna be epic.
“No one will touch you, Dean, if that’s what you are asking,” Castiel stated calmly, reassuringly (he thought).
“Ah, okay. Thanks, Charlie,” Dean was a little uncomfortable with this stranger knowing so much about him and what happened to him, but he was going to try to ignore that discomfort for now.
Dean, still wet and relaxed from Gabriel’s fucking and the spanking, groaned as he was filled once again. Cas’s bigger cock invaded him, making a place for itself inside him, filling him full. He felt Castiel come flush against his ass, all the way inside, and the fact of it was almost enough to make him come. He rested there for a few seconds, then pulled almost out of Dean and pushed back, slow and deliberate. He kept at this pace, fucking Dean slowly, making him feel every inch of his cock, again and again.
Dean laughed, joy bubbling out of him.
The records were delivered to the court and Dean was officially declared innocent and free, with apologies all around. Castiel had corralled his brother Gabriel and taken Dean to the Magistrate immediately thereafter to get the bonds released. He would not waste a single second when pursuing the goals of Dean’s freedom and happiness.
The young man got knocked down a few times and got back up to take more and more abuse, until finally he couldn’t get up anymore, and still Castiel beat him, launching punishing kicks to his thighs, buttocks, belly, shoulders, and back. Finally, the young man lay still, gasping harshly, blood covering his face and splattered over his clothes and the concrete around him.
Castiel’s eyes cleared, he stilled, and his bruised and bloody hands dropped slowly as he saw the young human was nearly unconscious, his eyes barely open, lids flickering. Gabriel was right. It was essential the boy remained conscious for this next part.
Castiel didn’t bother to look away from the computer. “I don’t know what you mean.”
Castiel cleaned them with a thought, nodded to his brother as he left, then settled with Dean under the covers, holding him tight. They had not had the best start, it was certainly true, but now that Dean had chosen him, he would work every day to show him how much he was respected and valued, both his person and his service. He knew they still had much to discover about each other and work out, but he had no doubts they would do so. Dean was his now. And he was Dean’s.
“Dean, when I watched you at the trial, I thought you were beautiful, but also a bigoted murderer. I was blinded by preconception and anger. And so I determined to punish you, to teach you better. But even when I…hurt you…some part of me knew I was in the wrong. I saw how strong you were. I saw how brave you were. And I didn’t realize it at the time, but I must have felt something of what you are…dominating you was so good, so perfect, but I wanted you to…submit, willingly. I couldn’t deal with that idea, so I…stayed away from you entirely. I was confused.” Castiel looked away for a few moments, then back at Dean.
Dean blinked and again looked from one angel to the other. They were serious. So much had changed in the space of a few hours – from an invisible slave (to Castiel, although he certainly hadn’t been invisible to Gabriel, he smirked to himself) to…what? A guest? What exactly was he, now? And how long might he be stuck in this in-between space? He didn’t know what came after, and he was frankly afraid to let himself believe.
Gabriel saw that Dean was listening intently here. Good.
Halfway through the trial, it had become clear that the prosecutor could not prove his theory, and the defense could not prove hers. The jury had compromised with a ruling of manslaughter, declaring that Winchester had caused Silas’s death, but in the heat of the moment rather than the result of a malicious plan.
He climbed into the shotgun position and closed the door with just the perfect amount of force. He’d had a lot of practice, after all.
“He’s a murderer, Gabriel, and a bigot. He killed my friend – our friend – just because he was a werewolf.”
“So Castiel…touched…your…soul?” Sam sounded equally intrigued and weirded out.
Dean listened as John explained about the digging he’d been doing and detailed all the recent hunter deaths and disappearances. It was disturbing as all hell. There was no way to know at this point if his situation was connected to everything else, but it was certainly something to bear in mind.
“Hey, Pretty.” He knelt down next to Dean. “You back with us? You remember what’s going on?”
“Don’t make us hurt you.” Moe was ready to hurt Dean, he could see it. Maybe it was payback for earlier, maybe it was just his nature, but he was looking forward to it.
He had just been sentenced to five years’ labor for his crime. Normally, a convict owed his labor to the state. State Laborers lived in camps if they worked in the fields or in dormitories if they worked in the cities. SL’s could be assigned to anything the government needed them for – normally agriculture, city services such as picking up garbage or landscaping, or other manual labor, but sometimes even office work was assigned.  It was variable according to the needs of the city and the skills of the laborer.
“Dean?”
“Castiel?” Gabriel asked, brow quirked up. He had one hand on Dean’s shoulder, the other firm against his back, and he, Dean, and the Registrar were looking at him.
Dean didn’t know what to think about that either. Gabriel never hurt him, making sure he was stretched out and lubed up, and Dean’s body seemed to enjoy it quite a bit. He started to get hard even before Gabriel pulled him to his room, and by the time Gabriel came, Dean was all the way hard, but Gabriel hadn’t made him come yet. After Gabriel left each night, Dean stroked himself until he came, cleaned himself up, and went to sleep easily. It was so weird. He would have expected himself to hate this, to hate Gabriel, to feel angry and…well, he didn’t even want to finish that thought. He didn’t feel that, though. One side of his brain knew that he got a hot wisp of…pleasure…when Gabriel dominated him, when he called him a bitch. The other side of his brain wanted to bury that first thought fucking deep and never think about it again, but he couldn’t, because it happened every night. There was no getting away from the totally unwanted thought that he enjoyed serving Gabriel that way.
Dean’s face flamed. He didn’t want to even think about it, that word, what it meant, what it did to him, but Castiel left him nowhere to hide from it. “I’m your bitch…I’m glad to be your bitch…Cas,” he choked out, embarrassed, trying not to be ashamed. He could do this for Castiel.
“Yes, sir. I will.” Dean said goodbye and hung up, then sat there holding the phone for a few moments. It had been so good to talk to his dad, but also a bit disorienting, like two separate worlds were colliding. The new information didn’t help, either. He shook his head abruptly and put all that aside. Time to call Sam and make sure he was okay and not getting into more trouble than he could handle.
Dean let out a surprised laugh. “You got that right, buddy.”
“Dean made me take off, and he waited for them. That was it. The next thing I know, he was calling me from jail.” Sam slumped, looking down. He hadn’t wanted to leave his brother, but when Dean wanted to, he could totally pull off the big brother voice and make Sam do what he told him to.
Dean grimaced at their backs. Nice. Four more angels to deal with. Well, the boy wouldn’t be an issue – he might even be fun, but the other three…. Dean shook his head. He already missed being alone with his two angels.
Dean smiled. There were no more monsters, no more life of unending duty. His brother had the love of his life. He met Cas’s eyes. And he had the love of his. They would figure it out.
Gabriel laughed. Yes, his brother was almost at the breaking point. “I know you’ve been watching him. He does everything he’s supposed to, and he takes my cock so sweetly every night. He loves it, but he hasn’t come from it, yet. I want you to give that to him, Castiel. And his mouth, Brother. That’s yours to take first, too.”
Dean’s gaze dropped to the table. He didn’t know what to say or do next.
The Registrar nodded and turned to Gabriel, “State your claim, Gabriel.”
“I didn’t know what to do, so I did nothing. But I did watch you. You were so…confident, so easy, with Gabriel. He was dominating you, but you didn’t seem to…hate him, resent him. You are charming, Dean, intelligent, and good. You are such a good man. I could see it, but I didn’t want to. You were good with Joshua - you joked and played with him, even though you had every reason to hate angels. And then you saved his life. And then I saw your soul. And I was…done. It’s true that seeing your soul made me finally realize how wrong I was and how much I did want you for myself, of your own free will, but everything about you from the time I first saw you had led me to it.”
“I know, Castiel, I know.” The answering voice was lighter, smoother, with a note of…resignation?
The work – well, that was easy. Taking care of a house, cooking and cleaning – he’d been doing that for his own small family for years. Ironically, his life now was probably easier than it had been with his family. His mother had died as a result of a demon attack when he was about four, shortly after Sammy had been born, so he didn’t really have a lot of memories of her – maybe impressions might be a better word. After that, his father had jumped into the hunter lifestyle and dragged him and Sammy around the country from one hunt to the next for years. They had grown up on the road with no real constants other than each other. Dean had to take care of his brother and learn to hunt. School had been at the bottom of the priority list, and he had done the legal minimum before he dropped out to help his dad full time.
John’s gaze moved around the table, meeting their eyes, one by one. “I got an anonymous tip emailed to me about that werewolf. That’s not uncommon. But we all know that was a fuckin’ set up. Anybody hear anything about anonymous tips that led to trouble, or other kinds of set ups? Trouble in the community? Think about it, people. I’m trying to find out if this was aimed at me or if it was something else.”
Dean sneaked a look at Castiel, but he couldn’t read his face – well, he never could, so that wasn’t that much of a change, unlike that…hug…? That hug was a huge fucking change. He felt a little lost.  But it wasn’t actually a bad thing.  “How is Joshua?” he asked.
“Yes, Dean. Did I do it right?”
Dean grinned. He was excited, ready to get on the road. The Impala was already packed, and he stood beside the open driver’s door. Although they only lived two hours from Jody, they hadn't been able to meet up with them for nearly a year. Fucking Covid. He was grateful no one he knew and loved had been taken by that fucking disease, although a couple of them had caught it. They had been lucky, and he thanked Jack for that, with no idea whether he had anything to do with it, but it was worth a quick prayer anyway.
Gabriel burst out laughing, and Dean could see the barely perceptible smile on Castiel’s face.
“This is their home phone, if you want to save the number.”
Gabriel smiled. “Yes.  And my brother’s name?”
Luke still had his eyes on Dean. “Lemme take him off your hands for a bit, Gabriel, it’s been a long time for me.”
Raphael cocked his head. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, Castiel.”
Dean looked at Castiel, really looked at him. He had stopped very close to Dean, maybe a foot away. He would be uncomfortable if it was anyone other than Castiel. He was wearing the dark suit and tie that had stopped Dean in his tracks the first time he saw him in it. His hair was in its’ normal, tousled state. His face tried to hold onto its’ usual impassivity, but Dean could see the uncertainty, even if no one else would be able to. The angel stood there, looking back at him steadily, hopefully. He wasn’t trying to force Dean into anything. Normally so sure and commanding, now he waited for Dean to make his choice.
After a couple of minutes, Castiel began to launch deliberate, hard punches that landed, but the fight still looked one-sided as the young man continued to batter Novak’s head and body. Suddenly, the momentum shifted. Castiel took a breath, then started to hammer his fists into the younger man - punishing, powerful blows that landed again and again and left him no time to respond, then eventually, no time to defend himself at all. The young man’s eyes grew hazy, and his hands dropped further and further as it turned from a fight to a beating. It became glaringly obvious that the angel had been in control all along. Novak might not have been as fast as the younger man, but he had the pure power and experience.
Gabriel huffed a laugh again at Dean’s still-confused expression. “Alright, pretty, one more thing for you and then I’m done with angel class today.” He paused for a moment, trying to find a way to explain something that was so instinctive to an angel that it was difficult to tease out the important bits and the logic of it to a clueless human who nevertheless was caught up in the whole.
He lay naked, face down on a thin mattress on the floor of a small, bare room. It looked like a normal bedroom, only empty of any furnishings save the mattress he lay on and a small dresser over in the corner. Slowly he registered the two masculine voices, raised slightly in argument, mainly because they stopped abruptly just as soon as he turned his head toward their sources.
“Meeting angels – it’s cool, right? I mean, we’ve never run into angels before, so I’m learning some stuff about them that’s…it’s not like anything we knew about in the lore. And…living with them – Gabriel is….” Dean blinked and tried to figure out a PG way to describe Gabriel. He wasn’t sure he could.
Joshua wasn’t fooled. As the youngest of their siblings, he was secure in the love and protection of all of his brothers. “Amnayel said I could come for a few days. I’m all caught up, and I deserve a break, she said! It’s been weeks since I’ve seen you!”
Cas was smiling down at him. “You look beautiful on your knees for me, Dean, with your pretty mouth wrapped around my cock.”
“Uh…why? And what about Dad? Hunting? What would you even do? Why are you even thinking about it? ‘cause I know you wouldn’t even mention it if you weren’t thinking about it.” Sam’s questions were rapid-fire, leaving no room for Dean to talk until he finally ran down to silence.
I know I didn’t explain everything, but this feels complete to me, and I didn’t want to shoehorn some superfluous info into the story here. I may write a time stamp if and when I feel it - a window into what kind of pattern their lives together have settled into.
“Yeah, of course, Dean!”
Sam swallowed again and took a deep breath. He could do this. One more time. “Dean came into my room and told me you called about a werewolf hunting a couple hours away from us, killing humans. He said you had tip about where it was holed up. If the information held up, the job should be easy. We packed up and headed out to talk to the local law enforcement and the three victims’ families mentioned in the tip.”
“Are you alright?” Cas was always watching him, always looking out for him.
Dean swallowed, and met Cas’ electric blue eyes. He finally smiled, and allowed the happiness and excitement that exploded within him after he made his decision to appear on his face.
“Castiel, how long are you going to ignore him?” Gabriel asked his brother, smiling with amusement.
Almost before that thought appeared, he growled out, “Joshua, where’s the best hiding spot in the house?” Dean had to hope that Joshua knew the house well enough to offer a good option.
“Um…well, I didn’t know you were attracted to guys, but now that I do, I’m not surprised…I guess? I mean, you did seem to have some actor crushes, now that I think back.”
“You’re such a sweet little bitch, Pretty. You’re made for this; perfect for this; made to take a nice big cock inside you, filling you up, marking you with hot come.” Gabriel quickly pushed his pants down and took his now fully hard cock in his hand. He grabbed some lubricant from his pants and used it generously on himself, then slicked up his fingers and gently pushed them into Dean, checking the give. He breathed in deeply, holding onto his control with his metaphorical fingertips, when he felt that Dean was still wet and relaxed from Castiel’s efforts earlier.
A few days later, John pulled into Bobby’s yard. He climbed out of the car slowly, his body aching from being on the road for the past couple of weeks. He knocked on the door, and when Bobby opened it, he nodded silently. Bobby let him in and led him to the kitchen table. Pouring coffee for them both, Bobby slammed the mugs down and slumped down in a chair across from him. Bobby’s face was tight and drawn with fatigue. “Whaddaya got?”
He couldn’t actually make any decisions yet. All he could do was work on acknowledging being dominated did something for him, and try like hell to believe that didn’t make him weak.
“I’m guessing they don’t think there’s much to talk about. We know it’s a rough job; hunters die. But I’ve talked to maybe fifteen gatherings across the area in the last coupla weeks. Everybody knows at least one, sometimes two hunters who’ve died…unexpectedly…in the last year or so. It’s hard to pin down a timeframe, obviously. Hard to pull out the anomalies from a regular, not “unexpected” death.” John’s hand rasped across his beard.
The prosecution had claimed that the werewolf had died from a stab wound to the heart within about an hour or two of when he was found. The knife had entered from the front, angled precisely to catch his heart, and the prosecution’s experts had claimed he would have died nearly instantly, thus the perpetrator must have been an expert with a blade – like someone with a hunter of Dean’s level of experience.  They had found the murder weapon thrown under the bed – a nondescript silver dagger, blade still bloody but handle wiped clean.
Luke grimaced. “Whatever.”
Dean swallowed. He felt light-headed again and wondered what he was supposed to say now. The ground had shifted under him, and he felt unsteady. Castiel could see his soul? And it was…unmarred? But…he knew he wasn’t perfect. He had been a hunter for years…that definitely came with some ugly psychic baggage that slowly piled up over time. He didn’t understand this at all, so that’s what he managed to get out.
“When you are free, I will ask you to stay here, with us. I will ask you to choose to belong to us, Gabriel and I, to choose to submit to us, to accept our dominance in all ways. In return we will promise to protect and support you always. We will lead you and guide you and help you grow in whatever way seems good to us all. You would belong to us, Dean, and we would belong to you.”
“Some get emailed tips, run after them alone and end up dead in a ditch or field. Some get phone calls. Most work alone, but there have been a couple with partners where both turn up dead.  I don’t know what’s going on, Bobby, but Dean’s the only one who’s still alive after being targeted.  So far.”
“So…you’re gonna stay? Is that what you’re saying? And see how it goes? And if it does, I get to come visit you? And you get to…do whatever you want, right, I mean, get a job or go to school or whatever, right? Are you gonna get your own place or…? Sam’s questions started up again.
He wasn’t able to figure everything out in these few days, but he was able to draw one conclusion and decide on a few questions he needed answers to - some from Castiel and Gabriel, some from himself. His hard-fought, and hard-won conclusion was that he enjoyed being dominated by Castiel and Gabriel. He enjoyed getting fucked by them. He wouldn’t go so far as to open that up to any hypothetical others, but he couldn’t deny what had been happening, even if it would make his life so much easier. If…when..he was free, he could go back to his life as a hunter, helping his dad, helping people. But truth be told, that life hadn’t been so satisfying, either. He missed his brother - working with him, hanging out with him, having fun with him. He couldn’t get much of that with his dad, as he’d admitted to Sam- he wasn’t even around that much anymore. Dean had known things weren’t great, but he hadn’t known what he could do about it, what would make it better. What did he want?
Castiel stayed close to home. He didn’t say much to Dean, but he was there. His solid presence steadied Dean’s flares of anxiety. It was the waiting, the uncertainty that was disturbing him. Before, he knew he couldn’t do anything about his situation except endure, make the best of it – he’d been a hunter. Patience hadn’t come easy to him, but he had learned it. This was different. This was out of his control, and he had no idea what was going to happen next.
Dean snorted, and they were both laughing. “Okay?! What the hell does that mean, dude?”
Dean had forgotten all self-consciousness as he watched Gabriel and tried to understand. He wasn’t sure if any of this was truly helpful in understanding what was going on with him and…well, with his situation, but any knowledge was better than none.
Dean swallowed. Bits and pieces of old school teachings and rumors had begun to come back to him. Angels didn’t generally mix much with humans. They kept to themselves or mingled lightly with the general supernatural community. A few stories he vaguely remembered that seemed to fit this situation talked about how angels didn’t really recognize biological sex or gender as something they considered when taking partners. It had resonated with Dean – at least until he had buried that crap deep and shoved a metaphorical rock over the top of that grave.
“Charlie, have you had a chance to look at the transcript of Dean’s trial that I had sent to the office?”
The silence held for a few more moments that seemed to Dean to actually last forever, before Sam said, “Okay?”
The young man struggled weakly and groaned as he was penetrated, but he had nothing left to fight with. His body was racked with pain, bruises blooming red and purple everywhere. Even breathing hurt, and he thought dimly that maybe he might be dying. Over and above all that, he felt the hot searing pain of the angel’s huge cock as it pushed into him and filled him full. He felt dull and confused, not sure what was happening now. He hadn’t been surprised at the angel’s presence, and he hadn’t been surprised he got his ass handed to him. But this - this was totally out of his experience – this was not something he had been ready for.
“Anyway, this whole thing has been…really weird…but some of it…it’s....” Dean floundered a bit. He didn’t know how to explain it so Sam could understand, because he didn’t really understand it himself.
Taking a small container of lubrication from his pants, he slicked himself up, enjoying the sensation and the knowledge that relief for his aching cock was only moments away. Spreading the young man’s buttocks wide, he lined up and slowly pushed his cock inside, forcing himself deeper and deeper into the young man, making a new place for himself inside this human. After a few powerful thrusts, he was as deep as he could go. The pleasure was intense, nearly blinding, as the tight heat of the young man’s passage enclosed his cock.
Castiel blinked in response as he tried to parse that expression out. Finally he came to a possible meaning and replied, “Very well.” He paused. “If we can, we will.”
He filled his time by puttering around the house and working on Baby, doing some cooking, and helping Sam. Sometimes he helped Cas with his new woodworking business. He spent a lot of time reading, picking books of all genres. he wasn’t picky, never had been. He loved to read. It had never been something he had a lot of time for, or encouragement for, to tell the truth. As a kid, he always had responsibilities - for Sam, for hunting training, and for the daily crap someone had to do, and that someone was him. He did his schoolwork plus was able to spend a bit of time on books while riding in the car from hunt to hunt or in the motel rooms to pass the time, but he knew better than to let himself get too attached. He had no space in his life for that. Until now. Now he could read every fantasy and sci fi book he wanted. He could read the biographies and the histories and the political science and the literature, and yeah, even the romance books. Cas wouldn’t get weird about it. Cas wouldn’t get weird about anything he wanted to try.
Dean picked his way carefully down the stairs, looking around for signs of anyone at all. He heard a low murmur coming from the kitchen area and froze. He had a feeling that everything had changed, but he didn’t know why he felt that, and he wasn’t sure he was gonna like it, anyway.
“Castiel.”
So this one was a struggle to write, both because of real life and because this is a kind of transition chapter with a lot of different stuff going on. I hope it doesn't come off as too choppy or busy, but I'm trying to keep to my outline for this, my first real fic, and some strings had to get woven in here for everything else to go the way I intend it to. I also wanted to thank you guys for your comments and kudos, it gives me a reason to keep marching forward and also lets me know where I need to focus some attention in the story. I hope you enjoy -
Castiel looked at Gabriel briefly, then moved his gaze back to Dean. “We know you’re innocent,” he stated calmly, quietly.  “
“Unfortunately for me, the hunter turned out to be not John Winchester, but the two young ones. Also unfortunately, the police arrived much too soon.”
As a consequence of his caution, he had never had a sexual experience with a man – until Castiel had fucked him, that is. He still wasn’t quite sure what to think about that. He was aware that everything felt a little…okay, a lot, removed, right now. It felt almost as if he was watching everything happen from behind a pane of glass – he saw it, he knew what was happening, but he didn’t entirely feel it.
Dean took a deep breath. “You fit in there, Josh?”
He exploded out of the clothing, driving into the man that had just swung his foot through a mound of clothes and found a surprise. The man didn’t even have a chance to yell out before Dean was on him, reaching for his neck. Dean knew he had to keep him quiet if he was to have any chance here at all. Using all his strength, Dean pulled the man into a chokehold, holding tight against his slowly weakening struggles. Dean breathed out silently, working out his next move, when a powerful blow jolted his head. His limbs lost strength immediately, and he felt the man revive and shove away from him as his senses dimmed, and everything went black.
A minute of watching failed to show any movement, and Charlie’s stomach dropped sickeningly as she pulled up the other images in succession and didn’t see anything of note, but. But. She swiveled to another monitor and pulled up the historical feed, starting a couple of hours ago. She saw the Novaks leave and the man and the boy start to play cards, then nothing happened. Literally. The feed was frozen. She swallowed, heart pounding, and hit the buttons to make the call to Castiel.
Joshua blinked, caught between the fun he was just having with a laughing Dean and the grim man that faced him now.
Once inside, Castiel took in the scene with a quick glance. Dean hung from his wrists, shirtless, bloody and broken, and three humans stood before him, their hands bruised and swollen from beating him, their clothes flecked with his blood. Another flicker of will, and they dropped to the floor, unconscious. Castiel wanted nothing more than to destroy them as he had the one outside, but his first priority was Joshua.
Dean felt warmth fill his chest at the sound, knowing he was missed.
Dean didn’t know what to feel. Calling him confused would be a massive understatement. It was really good to be finally getting some useful information from Gabriel for a change, though. While the last point Gabriel had brought up claimed the majority of his attention, he made an effort to remember the other two as well. After his time here, he knew Gabriel would not give him random information. It was important – it was all important.
Dean’s heart beat sped up, and he tried to take a few deep breaths as the Registrar reached out with both hands, laying them on both the angels’ shoulders. A heartbeat later, an amazing warmth erupted throughout Dean’s body, starting from where the angels’ hands touched him and blossoming until it filled him to overflowing. The warmth did not have the fuzzy comfort of the earlier magic, but rather it had the quality of a burning sun, it seemed to Dean, flashing through him. It wasn’t painful, just – too much. Dean shuddered, but Castiel’s and Gabriel’s hands were there, solid and bracing. The magic slowly faded, and Dean finally drew a deep breath, trying to steady himself, trying to understand what had just happened. Whatever it was, he knew it had done something. It scared him, but there was nothing he could do about it.
“Take my cock in your mouth and hold it there, Dean. No, don’t worry about swallowing, let yourself drool, it’ll make it better for both of us,” Cas commanded gently, holding Dean’s head with his hands. He moved back a bit and sat, guiding Dean until his upper body was virtually laying in his lap, one arm going around Cas’s hip, the other occupied again, gripping his the part of his cock not covered by Dean’s mouth. This left him presenting his ass for Gabriel, and he obediently moved his legs apart, making room for him as the angel moved closer. The fingers disappeared, and Gabriel’s cock pushed in, hot and blunt and big, filling him, pushing him wide. Dean groaned around his mouthful of cock at the stretch and the pleasure of it all. He felt the heat and spark of Castiel’s attention as he sucked his cock, and it warmed him from the inside out.
"Fuck," Castiel whispered at the same time Dean's dick finally penetrated him, Dean going halfway before pulling back.
Tears pricked Sam's eyes as he lifted himself up, moaning against the pain as he lowered himself back down. He wondered how long he had to ride Dean's dick before all he felt was pleasure, and immediately decided that he could ride it all night if he had to.
Dean rested his hands on the back of Castiel's head, his fingers twisting through his hair as he gripped tightly. His hips started to buck up towards Castiel's mouth, trying to get as far into the angel as he could though he knew it wasn't possible to go any further. Castiel felt the movements under him and couldn't help but smile, coming off the dick with a loud slurp.
Castiel's body started convulsing as he began moaning, Dean moving his hand so he could catch at least some of the cum that was coming out of Castiel. He brought his hand up to his mouth and licked the semen off, swallowing it with pride as he picked up the pace, jealous now that Castiel had released.
Castiel pushed Dean away and crawled on top of him, shrugging his trench coat off and tossing it aside to give him more room to move. Dean grabbed onto his tie and pulled him down, connecting their lips together with a fiery passion that it sent a pulse to both of their dicks. Dean gently placed his hands on either side of Castiel's face, pulling him deeper into the kiss.
"Shut up," Sam declared, trying very hard to tune Dean out so he could focus on the show.
Sam brought Dean's dick to his lips, taking the thing halfway before pulling off to cover up a gag. He looked up at Dean, making sure he didn't wake up, before releasing a quiet cough. The porn people made it look so much easier.
Dean smiled in his sleep. "I love you, too, Cas."
"Teasing me doesn't help anybody," Castiel declared, a bit annoyed but clearly turned on. He was more awake than he was a minute ago and Dean knew he was actually enjoying the teasing.
"Rough day?" Dean asked, snickering when the exhausted angel looked up at him in annoyance for a brief moment before looking away. "Finding Lucifer isn't as easy as it seems, huh?" He chuckled a bit more as he placed his phone off to the side, folding his hands on his chest. "I could always help-"
"I'm going to come," Sam confessed, looking down at Castiel's shirt Dean was wearing. He didn't want to get his jizz all over it... or maybe he did. Dean would probably just think it was one of theirs. "I hope we come at the same time, Dean," Sam whispered.
A low chuckle released Dean's throat as he rolled over to lean against Castiel, his lips immediately bending down to leave soft, teasing kisses up and down his neck and jaw. Chills ran up and down Castiel's spine as he moved his head, giving Dean more access to his neck. A small moan escaped Castiel as Dean placed a gentle hand on his covered dick, Dean's chuckling running over the angel's face.
rolling off his lips.
Why did Dean feel so in love at this moment? He had never felt this much passion with anybody else. He wanted to stay in this position forever, holding Castiel in his arms with his dick in his ass. He felt Castiel's dick twitch once more, a little bit more come spurting out. He didn't want this to end, but when he heard someone bang on the door to inform them that they had one more minute left of this magical moment, Dean grunted as he released a load into Castiel. This caused Castiel to release more of his own come as he moaned in sync with Dean.
Castiel only grunted in reply.
"Hey, Sammy," Dean greeted as he closed the door behind him. "You know Castiel?"
Dean shot a load into the back of his throat without warning - to be fair, he was sleeping - and it was nothing like Sam had just pictured. He pulled off of the dick in the middle of it, some of it going into Sam's mouth while the rest of it covered his face. This was the next best thing, Sam thought as he used his hand to push the rest of the liquid into his mouth. He sighed as he looked at Dean, his dick still rock hard. He hoped he would wake up, but it didn't seem likely. He wondered how many drinks he had after he left the party.
“Yes. It will be good to see everyone. And then it will be good to go to our cabin.” Cas’s voice was even and dry.
Dean, confused, looked at Castiel.
Now. Now he was getting fucked every night – his thoughts broke off at that, and he frowned, his thought abruptly detoured. Gabriel must be healing him. Huh. Anyway – he was getting fucked every night by an angel – a man whose physical stature might not match his, but his strength and his…confidence, his power, made Dean feel – not really small or weak (he hadn’t been small or weak for years) – but maybe…protected? That might not be quite the word for it either, but whatever it was, Dean enjoyed the way Gabriel manhandled him, put him in the positions he wanted, guided him, held him up, held him down, and just plain held him. Gabriel’s strength and power, along with his gentle, sometimes wicked humor, let him relax and let go for the first time in years, let him set down his “armor”, and he wasn’t ready to let that go.
He looked at Castiel again. “How did you find out, anyway? And, really Castiel, why do you even care? You have a pretty human to play with out of the whole fiasco. Keep enjoying yourself, and let me take care of the boring business management details, as I always do.”
Dean smiled again, and folded into the driver’s seat. He pulled the door closed and started the engine, savoring the beautiful, rumbling growl for a few seconds before he pulled away.
“Yes, indeed, Boss. It’s crap, by the way.” She had dropped her easy smile to meet Castiel’s eyes, reinforcing her words.
“Hell, yeah!” Gabriel replied, walking into the living room and flopping on the armchair, limbs sprawled everywhere, sucking on a lollipop he’d snapped into existence.
“Charlie was the one who noticed the video feed from the house had frozen. She told us. She was also helping us with tracking down the members of that group,” Castiel answered his unspoken questions.
“It’s a natural quality that he has, - the drive to lead, to command, to protect what is his. He is…well, he’s the most dominant angel of our generation at the very least. He is also…curious, and…open. He talks to and makes friends with other supernaturals much more than any other angel. These two qualities together have…sparked the situation we find ourselves in.”
Gabriel waited, but that was all that Dean had. A chuckle shook his body and Dean’s too. “Yes, you are correct, as far as that goes.  I’m going to tell you a little bit, and I want you to listen, and to think about it. No questions, today, though.”
Sam hummed a little but didn’t speak. He knew better than to interrupt a Dean that was actually talking.
The next few days were the busiest Castiel had ever been. Charlie helped by collecting the electronic evidence, which included the security video detailing Raphael’s confession and his attempted murder of Castiel. She also discovered the files Raphael had kept on everything he had done – it turned out that he was as efficient and attentive to detail with regard to murder as he had been in running their business. Castiel was both horrified again and thankful for the records, since they would allow him to do what he could to assist those injured and left behind.
The sudden clench of pain inside his chest didn’t surprise him, not anymore. He missed Cas. The feeling was so much bigger than those three little, innocent sounding words. He missed Cas like he missed a part of his body, like he missed his dad when he died, like he missed mom, but the feeling was bigger, stronger, more in his face. He couldn’t look at the tv or laptop without remembering Cas’s reactions to his favorite movies. He couldn’t sit at the table without remembering sitting with Cas, handing him a beer that he didn’t want and wouldn’t enjoy, but would drink, because Dean gave it to him.
Gabriel squinted his eyes at Dean. “You’ve never heard of Unrestricted Labor?”
Castiel had many partners over his lifetime, but none who fully matched him, none who fit into him and into whom he fit. Dean fit. He knew that in that first instance, and it was…like nothing he had ever felt or even imagined before. He wanted to see him well, healthy and strong. He wanted to see him standing before him, his eyes sparkling with intelligence and humor, ready to match Castiel in everything he did. He wanted to see him on his knees before him, eyes raised and glowing with love and gentle acceptance and need to serve. He wanted to see him on his back, legs spread wide for Castiel, eyes soft and welcoming. He knew it was possible…had been possible. Their energies would not have fit so well if it was not. He also feared he had a long path filled with potential pitfalls and traps to pick his way through in order to get there. And it was all his own fault. He had no one else to blame. Gabriel had told him, but he had been so sure he was right about Dean. Castiel swallowed drily and took a deep breath. One thing at a time, that was all he could do. Wait for Dean to wake. Take care of him. Help Gabriel heal him further tomorrow, once their strength had returned. See him strong and well again. And talk to him.
Leaving that for a moment, Gabriel gently withdrew from Dean’s body, then picked up the plug that waited next to the bed, already well-lubed. He separated Dean’s buttocks and slowly pressed the plug home, ensuring his come would stay where it belonged, and Dean would continue to be reminded of his submission to Gabriel. Dean sighed, his body loose and relaxed. He was already used to this, even if his mind stumbled regularly.
He looked at Gabriel questioningly. Gabriel shook his head. “These are the only ones. I can’t feel Joshua right now.”
“Dean, these are our brothers Michael, Luke, and Ramiel.”
“Did you just Han Solo me?” Dean’s voice was muffled, incredulous, amused, and proud.
Gabriel spun the boy around in a circle, both of them laughing, then set him gently down, and they both turned to face Dean. “I didn’t know you were coming, Joshua. Dean, this is our youngest brother, Joshua. He is not yet a part of our company, and I thought you were studying!” Gabriel finished by speaking to the boy, squinting his eyes in an attempt to be stern.
Meeting Dean’s eyes, Gabriel continued, “That doesn’t mean that we don’t have a spiritual sexual preference.  Just as humans can be attracted to certain physical characteristics, angels can be attracted to certain spiritual characteristics.  As individuals, we certainly have our own unique tastes, but in overall terms, angels generally fall into a spectrum from dominant to submissive and look for a partner that complements them.”
“Dean, this is Charlie Bradbury, our office manager, and ‘Jill of all trades’. I don’t know what that is, but she asks that we call her that. We could not operate without her,” Castiel said, ushering the short, pixie-like red-head into the living room. Dean could hear the virtual quotation marks in Castiel’s speech, and he smiled.
“UL’s are expected to take care of the sexual needs of their assignees – their superiors. Since Silas left his estate to Castiel and me jointly, we are considered his heirs. That means he and I have to claim you sexually before we take you to the Registrar for your binding – it’s part of how the magic works.”
“Yeah, about that. First, I’m okay, alright?” Dean waited for Sam’s slightly apprehensive okay in return, then told him what happened.
“I don’t know, Castiel. But what I do know is that Dean said he didn’t do it, and after the past few days with him, I believe him. Oh, he’s no helpless kitten, that boy, he *is* a hunter, after all, but I think if he’d killed Silas, he’d have admitted it.”
“Castiel.”
Dean had tried to come up with a logical way to lay everything he’d been thinking about out for Sam, but had pretty much failed. Finally, he figured he’d just spit out the various things he’d been thinking, and let Sam sort it out. He was good at that. He’d had years of practice with Dean, after all.
“Hey, Cas?” he said, just the twitch of a lip to show he was smiling.
Dean searched his memory - there were something pinging in his back brain, but it was too vague to grab onto, and he shook his head.
Joshua nodded and slid into the space, his head turned back toward Dean. There wasn’t a lot of extra space, but it was enough for him. No way Dean was going to fit. Dean gave the boy a little smile of approval. “Awesome, Josh. That’s perfect. Listen, I want you to stay here, okay?” He met the boy’s eyes and saw him nod.
John took a deep breath and let it out slowly, silently. He nodded acknowledgement. “You guys hear anything?”
“Sammy.” Dean tried for a bit of nonchalance, but it came out a bit choked.
“Ah, yes, Winchester. Well, that was a bit of an error there, wasn’t it? The boy and the werewolf should have both died that night, then you wouldn’t have learned anything you didn’t want to know, and I wouldn’t be having to explain all this to you.”
“Stay here, no matter what happens, until I or one of your brothers come get you, okay?” Dean emphasized it again.
Once they’re settled in the room, Dean calls Sam.
Dean tries not to think about the last time Cas was human. They’d shared a motel bed that time as well. Cas had resisted. Had tried to insist that he was fine at the Gas ‘n’ Sip. He didn’t need Dean’s pity. Except it wasn’t pity at all. It was guilt. And it was a desire so overwhelming that Dean thought he might drown in it. The whole drive to Rexford, Dean had let himself consider the possibility of him and Cas. He was human, after all. With human desires. And Dean had been in love with him for years by that point. So he let himself hope.
"Yeah, sorry," Dean says, squeezing his eyes shut again like that might help. When he opens them, Cas is standing right next to him. He lets out a laugh that rattles its way out of his chest, shaky and unsure. Sam mumbles something about getting himself more coffee. Dean makes himself look at Cas. "I don't know, I--I thought you left."
Eileen rolls her eyes again and then fixes him with a serious look. “How’s Cas?”
“Christ,” Dean mutters. He comes around the counter to pull Jody into a hug. “It’s good to see you.”
“I understand if you no longer want to pursue a romantic relationship with me,” Cas elaborates.
He’s still frowning. Dean wants to smooth his fingers over the lines there and ease the worry away. And then he realizes he can now, so he does, running a thumb firmly but gently over his forehead, and Cas looks at him like Dean’s the most wondrous thing he’s ever beheld in his life.
Sam frowns. “You don’t remember?”
When Cas gets around to trying on dress pants and some nicer button-down shirts, Dean stares at him for a solid minute when he comes out of the dressing room. Cas has to gesture at himself and ask, “What do you think?” before Dean can collect himself enough to clear his throat and say, “Good. Really good. You look good.” Cas raises his eyebrows and flushes a bit, but looks very smug when he comes back out after changing.
“Because it’s where the coffee is,” Jody says.
, but he just lifts it over Cas’s head, and Cas lets him.
At the very bottom of Dean’s stocking he finds two pairs of socks. One pair is green with little red Santa hats and the other is red with strings of Christmas lights. He doesn’t make the connection right away because Cas is taking his time with his own stocking, marvelling over every item he pulls from it. Dean, who emptied the entirety of his stocking in about ten minutes, watches him the whole time.
Cas notices because Cas notices everything. “Are you okay?” he asks, laying his free hand on Dean’s shoulder. Right where his handprint used to be. Dean doesn’t know if he’s okay. He thinks he might combust under the pressure of his self-restraint. It’s certainly not doing anything for his ability to teach Cas how to make scrambled eggs. But that’s not what Cas means.
“What happened?” he asks, but even as he voices the question he realizes that no one has ever shown Cas how to cook. Even when he’d been human he’d relied largely on things he could nuke in a microwave. Or PB&J.
Dean’s sure now that it’s not a dream. If it were a dream he’d be kissing Cas by now. Instead all he can do is stare as Cas tugs uncomfortably at the sleeves of his ridiculous trench coat.
“That is exactly what I’m telling you,” he growls. “And I
Cas manages to look both pained and offended at once. “What?”
Cas' expression morphs into something impossibly sad and for a second Dean thinks Cas might cry. He feels somehow responsible for this sadness, but he doesn't know why or how that might be. He only knows that he wants to take it away. That want--that need--to reach for him starts gnawing again at Dean's insides.
Dean reaches for Cas’s hand and eases his fingers apart. He doesn’t know what he’s doing, just that Cas looks tense and Dean wishes he didn’t. He wants Cas to know that he’s in this. They both have to get better at talking to each other, but this is something Dean can do to show him. He can uncurl Cas’s fingers and bring his mouth to Cas’s palm. Cas looks like he might cry. It’s shockingly intimate. So much so that Dean nearly startles himself out of it, but then Cas is reaching his other hand to Dean’s face, cradling his jaw and sweeping his thumb over the skin beneath his eye. Dean has to squeeze his eyes shut and swallow.
Dean’s eyebrows jump and he pauses with the sandwich mid-way to his mouth. “Huh.”
"I never wanted you to have to take the Mark," Dean explains.  It makes Cas' eyebrows turn down at the ends and gather in the centre of his brow. A different kind of disbelief softened by something unbearably tender. Dean wants...he wants. As he has so many times before, he wants to reach for Cas. To settle his hands on either side of Cas' face, fingers in his hair, thumb smoothing the creases at the corners of his eyes that Dean wonders about sometimes. Wonders if Cas is letting himself age at the same rate they are. It makes something ache in the centre of his chest, those lines. He wants to press him mouth to them.
"Yes," Cas says. "Yes."
Eventually Cas sighs and pauses the movie. “Dean.”
Cas still has his hands on Dean's face and he tilts him closer so he can kiss him. They stay like that for a bit, just making out and hitching their hips together in a steady little rocking motion that causes the tension in Dean's pelvis to build slow and steady. He's so close. He's been close more or less since they started. He can tell by the way Cas is losing the rhythm that he's close too. He keeps breaking their kisses to gasp out these little bitten off groans that go straight to Dean's dick. Dean had had different plans for them. Plans that involved the lube in Cas's bedside drawer. But he knows he won't last that long now. And he wouldn't want to pull away from Cas long enough to grab it anyway.
"Dean," Cas gasps. His free hand squeezes Dean's bicep.
“Humour me,” Dean replies.
As soon as breakfast is finished, Cas excuses himself without explanation. Dean stares after him helplessly. Sam watches him go with a frown.
“I said is there no way you can make it by tonight?”
“Then get them off,” Cas growls, with such impatience that Dean laughs in surprise.
"I'm not," is what Cas says now. In that same tone.
“Here,” Dean says, coming in behind him. He reaches around Cas to close his hands over Cas’s on the rolling pin. Then he guides him over the pastry, stopping to turn the dough and keep it from sticking to the counter. This close, Dean can smell the dust of library books on him and also the lingering scent of laundry detergent because he’s wearing Dean’s clothes again.
Eileen gives him a sympathetic smile and squeezes his arm. “We’ll be back later,” she says.
Eileen, who had turned to Sam to see his reaction, answers, “I’d say we are.”
Dean runs into Eileen on his way to grab a beer from the kitchen. She’s dressed nicely, in a pair of black slacks and pale pink blouse that he’s never seen her wear before. Her hair is styled in soft waves and she’s wearing red lipstick. Dean raises his eyebrows at her. She rolls her eyes, but blushes a little.
the movie. Dean’s heart races into double time again. He can barely eat his pizza.
Cas’s frown disappears and he lets out an exasperated huff of laughter. “I guess it is kind of funny.”
“No,” Donna says. “I don’t think that sounds stupid at all.” She pauses. “Have you talked to Cas about this?”
“What?” Dean asks.
Eileen raises her eyebrows. “Oh.”
“We can just watch the movie.”
“So,” Donna says. “How’ve you been? I mean nearly dying aside. I hear you have a boy toy now.”
Jody immediately pulls him into a hug and Cas is startled for a moment before his face softens and he leans into it.
Fuck, why is this so hard? “We, uh. Things are really good. Like, really good. I...we...he’s fucking great. I mean, I never thought I’d ever get to have this.” Great. Now he’s rambling. “But we haven’t...we
This feeling of gratitude lasts until he actually tries to book a room.
Dean scoffs, just like he did then, but the memory takes most of the strength out of it, so it sounds more like a simple sharp exhale.
Not for the first time, Dean wonders how long it will be before Cas gives up on his sad sack self as a lost cause. He has no recent evidence to suggest that Cas would do this, but the anxiety persists nonetheless.
“That’s what you two get for drinking all the bourbon,” Sam says, with all the force of his overgrown lungs.
Cas pales and his eyes widen. “The sign back there said there’s a motel five miles ahead.”
Cas looks in favour of brandishing his spoils.
Eventually they fall back onto the bed, sweaty and sated, if a little too sticky, but they're both too sex-sleepy and lazy to do anything more than a cursory clean-up. Dean pulls Cas close, settling against him in a position that is rapidly becoming his favourite, with his face pressed against Cas's neck, one leg slung over him to settle between his thighs, and his fingers trailing gentle, tickling patterns into the skin of Cas's chest. Cas, for his part, buries his nose in Dean's hair and traces his fingers idly over Dean's hip.
“What exactly am I getting into here?” Jody asks, effectively breaking the tension.
The girl at the desk stares at him blankly and chews her gum, clearly unimpressed by the stupidity of Dean’s question. He can feel Cas watching him.
“Awesome.”
“Listen. I’m not gonna pretend to be an expert on these things, and I don’t know Cas all that well, but I do know enough to know that he cares about you a lot. And that whatever is going on with you, he’s gonna understand. You gotta trust that, you know?”
"Yeah." Dean regains some semblance of control and guides Cas towards the bed. Cas sits as soon as it hits the backs of his legs and Dean immediately drops to the floor in front of him. It's murder on his knees and he'll regret it in the morning, but right now he's looking up at Cas, who's pupils are blown wide and who's hair is mussed from Dean's fingers. He's so fucking beautiful Dean could cry. His thighs are warm and solid beneath Dean's hands and he can't help the way he's kneading at the muscles there, running his hands in fitful little strokes. He wants to figure out how to make Cas writhe. He wants to learn what will make him come apart at the seams.
"Dean, are you okay?" Cas asks, deciding to notice Dean going to pieces now that he's pulling himself together.
Cas just shakes his head and makes a grab for the spicy Doritos. Dean watches him for a moment before he realizes he’s being kind of creepy. He turns to the TV to see what Cas has landed on and finds it’s an episode of
“Hungry this morning?” Dean asks, gesturing at Cas’s empty bowl with his spoon.
“These are strange,” Cas says, shifting over so Dean has room next to him. “I’m not sure I like them, but I also can’t stop eating them.”
He forgets, sometimes, the things that Cas has never experienced. Dean’s own holiday experiences might be thin on ground, but he has hazy memories of being three and getting a proper Christmas. He has a few more of hastily thrown together Christmases in nondescript motel rooms, and of the one he and Sammy had before he went to Hell. But Cas doesn’t even have that. So he examines each item with care. Even the toothbrush that Dean stuck in there. It makes something ache in Dean’s chest. He has half a mind to pull Cas into his lap, but that would interrupt Cas’s process, so he settles for resting his arm across the back of the chair, leaning into Cas’s space as much as he can without being in the way.
“You’re awake,” Sam says. He’s carrying a glass of water and a truly magnificent looking sandwich.
“I’m just about done, actually,” Dean says, but Cas looks a bit put out by this, so he adds, “Unless you want to help with the pastry.”
Dean is terrified of making the wrong move, so he does nothing. He keeps leaning against the books until Jody, who must have been watching them, comes to break the strange tension.
“I’m so sorry, I was so concerned with healing your impalement wound that I didn’t think to check for head injuries,” he says.
“Oh,” Dean says, unable to manage anything else.
“Oh, leave them alone,” Eileen says, signing at the same time and then giving Sam a light smack on the arm.
“Are you okay?” Cas asks, managing to sound like he’s chastising Dean at the same time.
Dean takes a bite of his sandwich, finally, to avoid the worried look on Sam’s face. As he’s eating, he’s hit with another piece of a dream or a memory. He really hates that he can’t tell the difference.
Then he hears footsteps coming down the stairs.
Dean stops so he can stare at him. Cas wearing his clothes would be enough, but add to that the stretch and pull of Cas’s muscles as he adjusts the stack of books in his arms, and the fact that Dean’s spent most of the day so far thinking about sex with Cas, and Dean has to shift as all the blood in his body tries to rush south.
The thing is, when Cas was an angel, it was easy to tell himself that Cas could never want him. Not like that. Not the way Dean wants Cas. He was an angel, for Christ’s sake. A multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent. The size of a Chrysler building, or something equally insane. Something Dean can never fully wrap his head around no matter how hard he tries. Something that is both easy to forget, because he’s
“The closest to a hunter-themed set we’re gonna get,” Dean agrees. He places a hand on either side of Cas’s face and pulls him into a kiss.
He feels better when he hangs up. He’s being ridiculous about this whole thing. He just needs to talk to Cas. Or get over himself. This isn’t a big deal. He doesn’t know why he’s so in his head about it. It’s just sex. Something he’s done plenty of times. It shouldn’t be this hard. It
“Try not to spiral out on this,” she says, reading him perfectly. “And talk to him.”
“I—” Dean starts, but stops as soon as he realizes he doesn’t know what to say.
There’s not a single other piece of furniture in this room that would be suitable to sleep on. He entertains the bathtub possibility again.
Cas’s mouth quirks into a half smile. Dean watches him as he shuffles his feet, runs his hands once more over the already-straightened sheets before clenching them into fists at his sides. There’s an awkwardness between them, still. Dean would have thought kissing Cas would’ve dispelled with all that, but maybe it’s still going to be strange for a little while. A new thing to navigate. They’ve spent so much time dancing around each other, holding one another just out of reach except in their more desperate moments. It was silly to think they could just fall into this without a single stumble. Old habits die hard and all that.
And then the Empty curling itself around him before swallowing him into nothing.
“Dean,” Cas interrupts again, in a tone like he’s trying to reason with him.
Dean snorts and shakes his head. “Yeah, well, I’ve had some practice.”
There are a few more gifts tucked under the tree, but Dean decides they need to eat something first. He and Eileen take charge of cooking breakfast while Sam makes another pot of coffee. Cas insists on helping with breakfast, so Dean walks him through mixing waffle batter until the process devolves into Dean distracting him by dropping kisses onto the back of his neck and Eileen kicks them out of the kitchen.
Dean thinks Donna will get a kick out of it, so when they go to visit her, he gets Cas to wear the flamingo tie and Dean wears the matching socks. Sure enough Donna lets out a delighted laugh and claps her hands together, proclaiming, “Oh fun! I never guessed you’d be the matchy kind of couple.” Dean absolutely does not blush, especially not when Cas plants a kiss on his cheek.
“Uh, no.” Dean brings his hand to the back of his neck and tries to figure out how to broach this. What’s he supposed to say exactly? Cas is great but I’m terrified to have sex with him? “I, uh…”
“Dean,” she says, and Dean finally meets her eyes. “You have to talk to him.”
"Dean," he groans, head falling forward so his nose drags down Dean's throat and he's breathing hot and fast against his collarbone.
"So it would seem," Cas replies. He's looking at his hands, clasped together on the table. Dean would offer him his own glass of whiskey, but he knows Cas won't take it.
Sam sighs. “Okay,” he says, sounding strangely disappointed. “We’ll see you tomorrow, I guess.”
It’s about time to take Miracle for a walk, so Dean heads out of his room and wanders through the bunker to see where he’s gotten to. He finds him in the library, curled up in one of the arm chairs while Sam and Cas pull books from the shelves and stack them into various piles on the floor and tables. Sam’s taken on the task of digitizing and properly re-cataloging the bunker’s impressive wealth of knowledge, and Cas had offered to help even though the digital portion of things is somewhat beyond his grasp. He’s excellent at organizing.
“Touche.”
But now he isn’t. And Dean has been trying to figure out, for a month, what to do with that.
Dean pulls himself together and decides to bite the bullet. “Don’t be stupid,” he says. “We can share the bed. It might just be a little crowded.”
Dean’s throat clicks as he swallows and he takes a breath, “But what does that mean for you?”
“I always trust you, Dean.” The sincerity in his words causes something to squeeze in Dean’s chest. Something, that if Dean were honest with himself, he might call longing. Cas has always been earnest like this, never having learned to temper it the way most humans do. It’s always knocked Dean flat. He’s never known what to do with it.
“Yeah.” Dean shakes his head and downs the rest of his bourbon in one shot. It burns all the way down and he immediately pours himself more.
"He left?" Dean stands up, chair scraping loudly across the library floor. Panic flares hot and bright in the pit of his stomach. His heart trips into double time even as he tries to reason with himself that a trip to see Donatello is hardly cause for alarm.
They end up lying down, Dean half-sprawled over Cas, his face tucked into the place where Cas’s neck meets his shoulder, breathing in the scent of him, all ozone and summer storms, which Dean has always assumed comes from his grace. The gentle tingle of it buzzes over his scalp and down his spine, a low, steady healing that Cas keeps up for as long as he’s able. It sends him into such a state of sated bliss that he doesn’t even think twice about hooking his leg over Cas’s and wrapping his arm around his waist, hand clutched in the fabric of his shirt.
“It’s good to see you, too.” She pulls back to look at him. “You look good for someone who almost died recently.”
Donna lets the silence hang for a long moment. Dean doesn’t attempt to fill it.
Cas gives him a guilty look as he bites back a smile.
After they’ve eaten their fill of waffles and sausages and a fruit salad that Sam snuck in after Dean had been kicked out, they turn to the gifts under the tree. The first one Dean grabs is one for him and Cas. He passes the attached card to Cas.
He lifts his head and looks blearily across the table at her. “I’m not even sure I can drink mine.”
“You want to help?” Cas asks, visibly surprised.
“Have fun,” Eileen says with a suggestive lilt, and waggles her fingers in a good-bye as they head up the stairs.
She and Dean have claimed the arm chairs in the corner and are passing a bottle of bourbon back and forth. Sam, Eileen, and Cas have pulled up chairs from the tables to form a sort of half-circle, but Cas is nodding off and trying to pretend he isn’t, while Sam and Eileen are having their own conversation, primarily in sign language.
“It's perfect,” he says. “I love you. You know that, right?”
Cas returns with a smile accompanied by a confused furrow, like he knows he’s missing out on a joke. It’s so familiar and so
"Uh, yeah. He said he was going to talk to Donatello. See if we could get anything else out of the demon tablet."
Dean’s heart squeezes in his chest. Dreaming about dying ain’t exactly pleasant, but he’d almost trade for it if it meant Cas was alive, existing somewhere in the universe that wasn’t an empty void. A wave of nausea sweeps over Dean, turning his stomach and sending a cold sweat over his skin. He’d blame it on whatever landed him in this hospital bed, if it weren’t for the memory forcing its way to the surface: Cas, standing before him, telling him that he...
“How many do you have now?” Sam asks. He’s never going to stop teasing them about this, Dean can tell.
Dean is so, so screwed.
Dean shakes his head and looks at him in wonder—the impossible blue of his eyes and the way they crinkle at the corners when he smiles this wide, the sheen of sweat on his skin, the chaos of his post-sex hair, the unlikely humanity of him. "I love you so fucking much."
“Mm,” Cas says in response. “I don’t sleep.”
“You sure?” Dean asks, pushing himself away from the bookshelf with a brief glance at Cas. “You could stay another night if you wanted. We’re happy to have you.”
Dean’s close, so close. He reaches a hand between them, but before he gets a chance to touch himself, Cas knocks his hand aside and wraps his own around Dean’s dick. It only takes three strokes for the coiling pleasure to snap and release and then Dean is coming all over himself in thick streaks, hard enough that some of it hits his chin. Cas’s hips stutter as he loses his rhythm and then he follows Dean over the edge with a groan, breath hot and fast against Dean’s throat.
“I’m sure,” Dean says quickly, before he does something really stupid like offer to sleep in the car.
Both he and Jody groan. He should probably get some fresh air, but he doesn’t want to leave Cas.
“Wait a sec, is that what this dinner was about?”
Dean shakes his head, but can’t help the way his smile is taking over his face. “Yeah, okay.” He leans down to kiss Cas. When he pulls back he makes a face. He's very sticky. “Ugh, we need to shower.”
“Dean,” Sam says sharply.
“What?” Cas asks, looking confused.
He glances over at the pan of eggs and is surprised to find them perfectly scrambled. He’d give himself credit except for how he was busy having a quiet breakdown while he was supposed to be showing Cas what to do.
Cas considers this, but before he can come up with any protests of his own his stomach lets out an impressive grumble of hunger.
“It’s fine,” he says, settling back onto the bed. “It was superficial. I think it startled me more than anything else. Though my tongue still feels strange.”
Dean cuts him off with a kiss. Cas sinks into it. When they stop, Dean keeps their foreheads pressed together.
“Dean,” Cas says, and he injects such tenderness into that single syllable that all the breath leaves Dean’s lungs at once. Just from the way Cas says his name like it’s something holy, with more reverence than Dean has ever given anything in his entire life. Except Cas. Always Cas.
Sam and Eileen let them keep going until one of Cas’s hands slides up Dean’s thigh, at which point Sam clears his throat and says, “Okay, keep it PG.”
Beside him, Cas lets out a sharp snore that startles him awake. Worry clenches in Dean’s chest even though he knows this is normal with Cas’s grace sliding in and out the way it has been. He still doesn’t understand what that means. If it will fade entirely someday, and what it would mean for Cas if it does. He hasn’t been brave enough to ask or even think about it for too long.
“Sure. We can do that.”
“Yeah, man, looks like we’re gonna miss dinner,” he says. “Tell Jody we’re sorry. I know she had a whole big thing planned.”
“Fuck,” Dean moans. They’re still holding hands.
Before Dean has the chance to decide if he’ll try to get up, he hears a clattering of nails running across the floor, followed by a blur of tan fur, and then he has a lapful of dog. Miracle crashes into him, licking at his chin and wagging his tail in a steady
Dean swallows and mentally berates himself for the overreaction.
“I’m sorry I’ve been so squirrelly,” he says. “I, uh, look, it’s not a secret that I’m bad at talking about, well, everything pretty much. And that’s not gonna go away just because we’ve decided to do this thing, y’know? But I want to do better. I really want to be better at this for you. So, uh, I guess I should tell you that I’m fucking terrified.” He’s shaking. He wonders if Cas can feel it. If that’s why he presses his palms more firmly into the small of Dean’s back. “I’ve never really done this before. And, Jesus, I love you more than I ever thought it was possible to love anyone. And that scares the shit out of me. Because I don’t want to fuck it up. And I fuck up a lot. But also, uh, the grace thing kinda sent me for a spiral, I think. Not because you’re different. You’re perfect.” His voice breaks a little and he has to clear his throat. “Because I can’t...I can’t lose you again. I can’t. I have watched you die or almost die too many times. And I can’t, I can’t go all the way with this just to lose you again. I can’t do it, Cas.”
Dean nods because he doesn’t really know what else to do. Then he pushes up from the table.
He flushes and looks at his feet. There’s a hole in one of his socks that he didn’t notice when he put them on.
“Thanks, Jody.”
They stay up way too late and drink far too much, but Cas still wraps his arms around Dean when he finally crawls into bed. And maybe it’s the bourbon talking, but it feels like they’re going to be okay. Whatever hang-ups they have working against them, Dean vows to tackle them head on. First thing in the morning.
While Cas pays for the ties, Dean browses through a spinning rack of novelty socks. He doesn’t like wearing ties, but he does like ridiculous socks, so when he finds two pairs that match the patterns on Cas’s ties perfectly, he can’t
Cas, for his part, gets one hand around the back of Dean’s neck and presses his mouth to the top of Dean’s head, apparently unbothered by any hair that might tickle his nose. Dean falls asleep like this, and for once he doesn’t dream. He sleeps more soundly than he has in years.
“No, shut up for a minute. I need to say this.” He makes sure Cas is looking at him and holds his stare. His eyes are so fucking blue that the bottom drops out of Dean’s stomach for a moment. He takes a shuddering breath. “I love you, too. Cas, you have no idea. I have been in love with you...fuck, for years now.” A sob kicks its way out of his lungs.
“Cas.” The name slips past Dean’s lips on an exhale of shock. He’s frozen but for his heart, which is now rocketing in his chest, beating frantically against his breastbone. He wants to get out of the bed, to touch Cas and make sure he’s real, but he was already jittery with hunger and exhaustion, and he isn’t sure he won’t immediately pass out again. He’s struck by a sudden terrible suspicion that he’s still dreaming. Please, God, Jack, whomever, let him not be dreaming. His heart climbs into his throat with fear.
“No, I mean—” Dean squeezes his eyes shut. “I mean what
Dean nuzzles forward, nosing at his pubic hair, inhaling the musky scent of him. He mouths at the base of his dick and Cas groans. His hands come up to rest on the back of Dean’s neck as he licks up the shaft and drags his tongue over Cas’s slit where he’s leaking. Cas’s fingers tense in Dean’s hair.
Dean’s still laughing, delighted by this development. Then Cas turns to him with a look so fond that Dean has no choice but to kiss him.
“Hey.”
Dean gives himself an ultimatum: either he and Cas have sex tonight, or he talks to Cas about why he’s been so squirrely over the whole thing. It’s win-win, he figures, because he’d really rather not have to talk about this, so that alone should be enough to motivate him into finally going for it.
Dean feels heat rise to his face. “Well, that’s one way to put it, I guess.”
He looks up when Cas doesn't say anything. He's frowning at Dean, surprised, like Sam, over Dean's lack of anger, but also genuinely confused.
"Jesus," he breathes, right against Cas’s dick. Cas shivers.
“Sure,” Dean says, but Eileen’s already down the hall by that point so she doesn’t see.
“Dean,” Cas pants his name into his jaw as his nose drags against Dean’s cheekbone.
Turns out he’s not in a hospital, per se, but the infirmary in the bunker. Dean pushes himself up on his elbows, dragging his protesting muscles into as much of an upright position as he can manage. No one else is in the room.
“Will you let me kiss you now?” Dean manages.
"We'll find another way," Dean says. It's a party line that's never really worked in their favour, but he figures the law of averages has to give them a win eventually. Why not now, at the end of the world, yet again?
“And here I thought I was going to have to get all my updates through Sam now.”
It must be some kind of
Dean works his way through a rapid series of emotions. His face flushes in a war between embarrassment and arousal at Cas saying the word ‘sex.’ This is followed by a swoop of relief that he immediately feels guilty for because the only reason they’re in this predicament is because he can’t bring himself to just use his fucking words. He doesn’t deserve Cas.
“I like ties,” Cas says.
“Yes, perhaps that’s a habit you’ll think about breaking,” Cas says, stepping in beside Dean.
“What do you mean you’re out of doubles?”
Cas mimics his movements, a bit clumsily, and then looks to Dean for approval. Dean doesn’t have to see his own face to know that the smile he’s wearing is impossibly fond. He tries to school it into something less embarrassing and is pretty sure he fails.
“Ah,” Donna says. Dean is so grateful that she gets it. “Does he not want to?” She asks the question so carefully.
He leans over and puts a hand on the back of Cas’s neck, rubbing his thumb into the corner of his jaw. “You should go to bed.”
“They’re kinda boring,” Dean says. “And this one is the same as the one you’re wearing.”
“Yeah, it’ll probably still be like that tomorrow, too.” Dean reaches for Cas’s noodles and passes them over. He was going to give him a hard time about it, but he decides not to. “It’s probably cool enough to eat now.”
He decides to behave as though whatever happened last night didn’t happen, so he leans down and kisses Cas. Cas looks surprised for half a second, but then he leans into it.
“Is something burning?” Dean hears and it takes him a split second longer than it should to realize that it’s Sam asking that question. When that knowledge registers, Dean pulls away from Cas so quickly that he slams his elbow into the counter, right on his funny bone, so he feels it jolt through his entire arm.
“But?” She pours herself another splash of bourbon.
“Is that the last thing you remember?” Sam asks.
“‘S’okay,” Dean says. He grabs on to Cas’s wrist and rubs his thumb along the soft skin there in a way he hopes is reassuring.
He has to go pick up the pizza because ordering to the bunker poses some problems. Dean thinks it’s a stroke of accidental genius on his part. Now he has the trip to and from the restaurant to calm his nerves and talk himself down from this ledge that is entirely of his own making.
He’s shouting now, and he hates that, but his eyes are burning with unshed tears again. He feels sick, sure he’s about to bring up whatever food he just managed to eat. The only reason he can think of that would keep Cas away is that he was avoiding the fallout of their last moments together. Cas had told him he loved him, but he’d never thought he’d have to live with the consequences of that. Never thought he’d have to follow through on being saddled to Dean for the rest of his life. Jack would’ve brought Cas back with his mojo intact and probably
Beside Dean, Cas sighs and says grudgingly, “I made a full pot of coffee.” It’s as good an invitation as any, but he still adds, “And there’s lots of bacon if you don’t mind it burnt.”
He doesn’t notice Cas watching him until he feels his hand on his thigh, giving him a gentle squeeze. Dean takes his hand under the table and laces their fingers together. Contentment settles into his bones. For once, he thinks they might actually be okay.
Cas turns back to him with a startled expression and Dean is momentarily distracted by the way his eyes flick to Dean’s mouth.
Sam is wiped. Exhausted down to his very bones from watching the horrors of their possible future unfold and then saying good-bye to Eileen. He leaves the kitchen with a mumbled goodnight and then it's just the two of them again.
Cas smiles back, and it’s a little sad around the edges. Dean should ask him about that, but he’s too worried that he’s the cause of it.
“Or you did just a second ago,” she amends, reacting to whatever changed in his face.
Cas looks sheepish when he emerges from the bathroom.
this hard. He’s just complicating it.
“We were just making some food,” Dean says. His voice comes out remarkably even and it fortifies him a bit.
“Wait, hold on,” Sam says, turning back to the tree. “There’s another one under here for both of you. It’s from Claire.”
Sam squeezes Cas’s shoulder on his way past and Cas watches him go with trepidation.
“Yeah, because I’m terrible at this,” Dean says. “Not because I don’t want you. You’re not different in any of the ways that matter. I don’t care about your grace, man, I care about you.”
Sam gives her a surprised look, but doesn’t put up a fight. “‘Night guys,” he says, without so much as a backward glance.
For whatever reason he expects to find it empty, but what he finds instead is Cas, standing over the stove, smoke billowing from a skillet that upon closer inspection contains a greyish mass that Dean thinks may once have been eggs. A second skillet is hissing and spitting around the charred remnants of bacon. Dean grabs a side towel and pulls the pan with the bacon onto one of the unheated elements.
Cas gets his hand under Dean’s shirt and digs his fingernails into his skin just enough that he can feel it. Dean rolls his hips. This is finally going to happen. Dean lets his other hand trail at the waist band of Cas’s jeans, fingers dipping under the band as he brings it around to press flat against Cas’s belly, teasing at the trail of hair that disappears into his boxers.
They continue to eat in silence—the only sounds come from the TV and from Cas slurping carefully at his noodles. By the time they work their way through most of the food (only the Glosettes and the licorice remain), they’re much closer together. Cas’s thigh is a long line of heat against Dean’s own and their shoulders are pressed together. It’s all Dean can focus on.
Cas looks away first, back down at his hands still clasped together. "I can't say I was particularly confident in my ability to bear it," he says.
Cas’s hands come up to frame Dean’s face. They’re so warm. So gentle. His eyes are wet. Something releases in Dean’s chest. Something he thinks he’s been holding on to for years. It cracks open and Dean feels like he can breathe better than he has in his entire messy life.
"He couldn't heal my hangover," Dean says.
It’s been two weeks and at this point he’s frustrated with himself. It’s probably something he should talk to Cas about, but that thought launches him directly into fight or flight mode, which is not conducive to a conversation. So instead he’s been jerking off in the shower, a practice that not only leaves him unsatisfied, but sometimes actively makes him feel worse. It’s a problem.
. Impaled by rebar, of all things. Can you believe that?”
“Okay,” Cas says, smiling at Dean.
Cas looks at them all with mild confusion. “Is that not the correct term?”
Cas slides his hands down to Dean’s hips and pushes him gently away, looking very regretful about it.
While Cas rummages for supplies, Dean sucks his fingers into his mouth, slicking them enough to start opening himself up. It’s been a long time since he’s done this—it’s been a long time since he’s had sex with
“Yeah,” he manages. “I’m good.”
The thing is, Dean doesn’t have much experience with this. The guy thing, sure, that’s part of it. He’s hooked up with guys in the past, but it’s never gone beyond a quick and dirty hand job in a bathroom stall or a blow job in the back of the Impala on those occasions he was hunting alone. But it’s not just that. There have been exactly three people in Dean’s life with whom he even entertained the possibility of something long term. And one of those people is Cas.
Dean laughs.
“Well,” Sam says, and his expression softens for the first time since he entered the room. He doesn’t get a chance to finish whatever he was about to say because another figure appears at the top of the stairs. A figure wearing a trenchcoat and a shock of messy, dark hair.
Dean can still see the flickering candle light from the corner of his eyes.
Cas gives him what can only be described as the side-eye, but starts cracking the eggs into the bowl. Dean pours a splash of milk over them and lets Cas whisk it together. Except he doesn’t whisk it so much as he stabs at it with a stirring motion.
They walk in silence for a little while, hands clasped, watching Miracle as he sniffs every tree that he encounters. Dean asks about the cataloging. They speculate about Jody’s banshee case. Dean suggests they visit Donna soon. Eventually the conversation drifts to dinner. Cas still insists that he doesn’t need to eat and that everything still more or less tastes like molecules, but he’s been partaking in meals more than usual lately. Dean thinks Cas doesn’t want him to notice, but he has, and he wants to make sure Cas has food he actually wants to eat in the event that he’s properly hungry.
Beside him, Cas braces his arms on the dashboard—a bad move if they actually crash, but Cas is only recently human again and probably hasn’t thought past not wanting to go through the windshield.
Cas peers into his cup of noodles and sniffs at it. “It smells good.”
“The food really was incredible,” Jody says.
Cas immediately begins working his way down Dean’s body, pressing scorching, open-mouth kisses down Dean’s chest and stomach. He gives Dean a thorough working over until he’s coming down Cas’s throat. Then he crawls back up the bed and kisses him. It should be gross—neither of them has brushed their teeth and Cas just swallowed a mouthful of come—but it is incredibly hot instead. Cas is so worked up that he’s coming against Dean’s hip before Dean even has a chance to get a hand on him. Dean kisses him through it, hand pressed against the small of his back.
After that it’s surprisingly easy. Eileen pours them all coffee. Sam scrambles more eggs. Dean makes toast. They all dig into the more-than-slightly-charred bacon. Dean does give Eileen a hug, thrilled to have her back in the bunker. Dean steals bacon off of Cas’s plate, and when he brushes toast crumbs from the corner of Cas's mouth (toast, apparently, like coffee, is made up of acceptable molecules) no one says anything. Sam just gives him a knowing look and a satisfied nod, like he’s happy for him. Dean looks around at all of them and basks in this small moment. He can’t believe they made it. Alive and whole and
Eileen laughs at something Sam says, drawing their attention. She signs something that Dean doesn’t quite catch, but Sam says, “Eileen,” in a scandalized tone, so Dean knows it was something dirty.
Dean eases the door open and takes a step into the room.
They stay like that until Dean's stomach growls and they remember that they haven't eaten dinner, at which point Dean fetches food from the kitchen. And then he and Cas settle back into bed with a plate of reheated potatoes and Beef Wellington, and queue up a rewatch of
Cas steps closer to the counter and Dean chances another look at his brother and Eileen. Sam is looking more amused the longer he stares at them. Dean shoots another glance at Cas and feels a fresh wave of embarrassment over his rumpled appearance.
“Not to be a jerk, but I’m kinda glad to see you’re in as rough shape as I am,” Jody says. Her voice has more gravel than usual. They drank
“Son of a bitch,” Dean swears. He pulls his foot off the gas and grips the wheel as Baby skids over a patch of ice.
Cas’s face immediately softens into something apologetic. “No, I’m sorry. I’m just frustrated.”
“Sam showed me how to use the cassette recorder,” he says. He sounds nervous. “It’s not as good as what you did, I’m sure, I don’t know music the way you do, but there are a few songs that have really stuck with me, over the years, and I know you can always use new music, being on the road—”
Cas gives him a long look, like he wants to be sure he’s reading the invitation correctly. Dean raises his eyebrows. He was going for a suggestive waggle, but his nerves have once again gotten the best of him so it falls short. His palm is growing sweaty where it’s pressed against Cas’s.
“Yeah, you know, Reese’s, Cheetos, Baby Ruth?” Cas keeps frowning. “Nougat?” When Cas still doesn’t answer, he says, “I’ll just get a variety.”
And Dean, well, Dean isn't sure if he wants to laugh or cry, but he is sure that he needed to hear that. Is only now, after hearing the words land, realizing just how much he needed it. They come with a swoop of relief. Relief stronger, almost, than knowing Cas won't have to bear the Mark. Stronger than finding him again in Purgatory. Than seeing him backlit in an alley next to a telephone booth. Than watching a terrible, rotting blackness recede and disappear. Or watching him gasp awake, human, after taking an angel blade to the chest. Or finding him scruffy and filthy in the mirror of a motel bathroom. So many moments where Dean could have collapsed from the sheer exhale of held breath over all the times he thought Cas dead and found him whole and alive again. And none of them compare to this, this offering of forgiveness he's still not sure he deserves. He's willing to take it this time, though, willing to crack himself open to the possibility of it. Doesn't feel the knee-jerk impulse, this time, to refuse it, to say,
"You give yourself too little credit," Cas says. "I know you said you can't control your anger when things get bad, and I'm not saying that isn't true, or that it isn't a problem, but you bore the Mark remarkably well considering all the anger that you were already harbouring."
“Want to grab more eggs from the fridge?” he asks, turning to Cas. “I’ll show you how to make perfect scrambled eggs.” There’s already a bowl with a fork sitting in it coated with an eggy film, so Cas at least got step one right. “And some milk,” Dean adds.
It doesn’t stop Sam from blushing and shifting uncomfortably in his chair. But the look he gives Eileen is also what one might call ‘heated’, so Dean figures he can’t be too bothered.
The side of his index finger is red, but Dean can’t tell if that’s from the broth or from it being in Cas’s mouth. Without thinking Dean gently blows on it. It takes him a moment to realize what he’s done and when he brings his gaze up, Cas is staring at him with wide eyes, cheeks slightly flushed. Dean swallows and lets go of Cas’s hand.
“Here, come here,” Cas says, voice pitched low.
Cas kisses him one more time and rolls the condom on. He pushes into Dean so slowly that Dean thinks he’ll lose his mind. He feels so full. Cas runs a hand up Dean’s chest, thumbing at Dean’s nipple, and Dean rocks his hips forward on reflex. Cas groans Dean’s name and falls forward, bracing himself with a hand on either side of Dean’s head. Sweat gathers at his hairline as they find a rhythm. Cas is beautiful like this. Dean touches him everywhere,
Dean huffs. “Kinda hard to forget.”
Dean settles in more firmly against Cas, makes sure he can still see the laptop screen, and lets himself relax into it for maybe the first time ever. If this is freedom, Dean can't wait to do it for the rest of his life.
“Glosettes aren’t healthy, Dean,” Cas says, but his lips are twitching like he’s trying not to smile.
“Yeah.”
“Sam and I are going out,” she says.
Not two minutes later Cas hisses and swears as he burns his mouth, causing him to jolt, drop his fork, and splash his hand with hot broth. Dean reaches for the cup and takes it from Cas so he can’t burn himself some more. Cas immediately sucks the burned finger into his mouth and Dean almost fumbles the noodles. He puts them on the bedside table before they can do anymore damage.
“Awesome,” Dean says, resigned.
“Can I help with anything?” he asks.
“Right,” Dean says, at a loss. “I’m gonna—” He points to the door and heads out, grabbing the ice bucket on his way out just to give himself something else to do.
And seriously, weirdest of all the weird crap – while it was all kinds of wrong what had happened to him – there was still a…something…there that Dean shied away from even in the privacy of his own mind. He wasn’t going to think about it, nope. He was going to stay behind his odd shield of don’t give a fuck until he had a few minutes alone to pack it all up and stuff it away for another day – year…hell, decade from now, if he had anything to say about it.
“Thanks, Dad, I’ll tell them.”
And on top of all that…Dean kept thinking of when Castiel had shown him how much stronger, tougher, and more skilled he was than Dean and then mounted him and fucked him…and side number one of his brain wanted Castiel to fuck him again. How wrong was that?! Dean was kinda disgusted with his brain and his body too, for that matter. Then again, he didn’t really want to feel only pain and disgust for the next five years either. It was a dilemma he couldn’t see his way out of.
Gabriel gave his brother an exasperated glare. “Tell him what you want, Castiel. He needs to know right now.”
Castiel’s personal shield shuddered but held, and he struck back with the force of all his anger and horror at what his brother had done. It was over in a split second, and Raphael was gone. Castiel slowly straightened up and stood tall. He took a deep breath and deliberately let it out, letting his tumultuous feelings settle and his adrenaline subside. He took a few moments to just breathe. His brother had murdered humans. His brother had murdered his friend Silas. His brother had tried to kill him. All that was true, yet he still remembered their many years together as family, and mourned.
“Okay, Gabriel.”
“I…didn’t know, Dean. But – I mean, he was gone this whole summer, but I thought it was because you were healing up…?”
“Thanks, Sam. I appreciate it.”
There was some confusion before the youngest hunter at the table asked, “Like what?”
Castiel turned to look and abruptly dropped the paperwork he had been looking at. He surged out of his chair and toward Dean. Always, toward Dean.
“We have to warn Dean. And I don’t have a clue how we can get to him.”
Castiel inhaled sharply. “Do you think that’s it, Raphael? Do you think that we are going to overlook your murder spree?”
He knew what the easy choice was – what his dad would expect. The easy choice would take him back to his normal life and allow him to forget the things he’d learned about himself here with Cas and Gabriel. He’d go back to hunting with his dad, non-stop travel, crappy motel rooms or camping outdoors, alternating following his dad’s demanding orders with abandonment.
Dean faces a human threat, and Castiel is forced to see who Dean truly is.
Castiel bypassed that. “You believe him, then? You believe his story about the anonymous tip and Silas being dead when he got there? That means that someone had to have killed Silas and set Dean up for it. What possible reason could there be for that?”
John wasn’t sure what was going on or why, but he was sure that he was going to do his damndest to find out. He needed to talk to the human hunter community and see if there were any rumors going around about this kind of set up – or about anything unusual at all. It was going to take time and effort, but if there was one thing John did have, it was determination.
“They get in the way, don’t they, Castiel? Sad, weak little monkeys, chattering and flinging shit around. The fewer there are, the better we angels can maintain our control over both human and supernatural society. Plus, Novak Brothers gets more jobs to choose from. Win, win.” He smiled widely, clearly pleased with himself.
It was just as well, Dean thought. He had enough to worry about on his own. Finding himself in Castiel’s proximity more and more often, he had taken the opportunity to surreptitiously study him. When he was working and Dean was supposedly reading, he could look over and watch Castiel. The man…the angel…was beautiful, Dean thought. Maybe others might prefer the word handsome, but that wasn’t quite apt enough for Dean. Castiel wasn’t quite as tall as Dean was, but his body was solid and strong in a way that Dean’s wasn’t. The muscle and bone of him- his physical being seemed to take up so much more space than it objectively should. Dean wasn’t quite sure how to describe it, but Castiel definitely had a presence that drew people’s attention - not just Dean, although that was definitely true. His eyes were a clear, light blue that, despite the color, were warm, and when he looked at him, he
“Come on, Brother. Seriously. The boy has a beautiful, hot, tight ass, and I know you want to get back in there.”
The hookups were…well, sex was good, as always, but they didn’t really satisfy him fully or for long. He knew he needed some kind of change, but he hadn’t had a clue what that might look like. He sure as hell hadn’t expected that change to come like this.
Dean watched him, unable to do anything else, until they all sat silent together for a moment.
“Hey, Sam. I’m okay. Still with the angels. They’re letting me call.” Dean rubbed his hand against his jeans-clad thigh nervously. This was the easy part. It would only get more difficult from here on.
Dean’s face flamed red, and he turned his eyes away from Gabriel. He really wanted to forget that whole thing happened, but he was lost, and the knot in his gut wouldn’t go away.
The three of them stood on the plain stage in the town square, surrounded by hundreds of humans and a few dozen magicals bearing witness to the beginning of Dean’s punishment. It was midmorning on a Saturday, the normal day and time for public ritual bindings. Normally they were mostly business or personal contracts. Occasionally, they were bindings for Restricted Laborers. This was a first in human memory – the binding of an Unrestricted Laborer. It had pulled nearly twice the usual number of witnesses and a significant number of magicals.
Gabriel cocked his head. “Why what, Pretty?”
know you’re innocent. You did not murder my friend.”
“Angels are…beings of spirit, of energy, first and foremost. It’s why we can manipulate energy – do magic, as you say. As individuals, we do have different capabilities, different talents – or perhaps it’s more accurate to say that while we all have the basics, we each have an…affinity…a particular point of view toward seeing and manipulating the energy of the universe. Our physical bodies are made of matter, of course, but maybe you could categorize angels as 95% spirit and 5% matter. Humans – well, humans can vary as well, but let’s say most are 95% matter and 5% spirit.”
“She is with Sam now.”
Cas. Dean remembered. Dean remembered standing there, Death coming for them, for him, and Cas told him he loved him. He’d said it before, but Dean had been able to pass it off. Of course Cas loved them - like brothers, like family, as he had told Cas before. No, Dean wasn’t able to pass this one off, to invent any other explanations, other than the one in front of him. Cas loved him. Cas *loved* him. Cas loved *him*. It was crazy, and it was unbelievable, but it was inescapable. Cas loved him. Cas believed in him. And Cas was gone.
“We know the angel boy is here. Where is he?” Barked out Larry.
Castiel returned his gaze to Dean. Well. He hadn’t wanted to scare Dean, but if Gabriel was telling him it was okay to say it, then he would. His eyes met and held Dean’s beautiful, confused green eyes, looking deep into his even more beautiful soul.
“There, Pretty. It’s done. You did so well. I’m so proud of you, thank you. You were so good for me, such a good bitch for me. You took my cock so well.” Gabriel murmured praise and slowly stroked Dean’s hair.
They stepped out for a few minutes to call Joshua, reassuring themselves that he was well and hearing what had happened from him. Now they sat in chairs pulled near the bed. Castiel felt as if he had been stunned into physical, mental, and emotional immobility. He had to find a way through this…a path to follow, solid footing in a world suddenly gone askew. Everything he had thought and felt about Dean was wrong. He had known that the instant his grace had touched Dean, and he had allowed himself to See him as he truly was. Dean was…an amazing work of art, woven from strands of love, strength, will, intelligence, humor, humility, and a fierce need to protect and care for others. He was human, so of course he had flaws as any being does, but nothing marred the brilliance of his soul.
“Yeah, yeah. Okay. No touching the pretty human, got it.” Luke rolled his eyes and headed toward his own rooms.
“I’ve told you three times, Dad! It never changes!” Sam protested. He swallowed. His mind kept replaying the scene earlier that day – watching Dean…. He didn’t even know how to finish that thought. How to process it all.
Joshua, who had never had this kind of close contact with a human, was fascinated with Dean and couldn’t stay away from him. Dean had tried to maintain a distance, but Joshua reminded him so much of a young Sam, that he couldn’t bring himself to push the boy away. It wasn’t that he was so much like Sam, he really wasn’t. It was the unguarded openness and ever-present curiosity the youngster displayed that made Dean remember the good times with Sam, when Sam looked up to him as the one with all the answers, his big brother.
But Dean only shook his head. "Nothing," he assured, slapping Sam on the shoulder and guiding him to the living room.
"You're drunk," Sam stated as he turned his attention back to the TV. "Sleep it off, Dean."
"But-"
Sam worked Dean's jeans off before he could change his mind, his eyes marveling at the mouth-watering dick that was revealed when he got his jeans past that point. He knew just by looking at it - even if it was soft and limp - that Castiel wasn't exaggerating, the dick is better than oxygen.
Sam went all in, bottoming out immediately and fighting against the gagging. He stayed that way, cutting off his breathing for a few moments before he pulled away and coughed. He covered his mouth to muffle it, watching Dean carefully. He stirred and Sam froze, but that's just about it.
"I'll come, too," Sam said, Dean immediately fighting against Missy's tugging to look at his little brother. Sam furrowed his eyebrows when Dean sent him a grin. "What?"
Suddenly, Dean made eye contact with Sam between the crowd of people and Sam immediately brought the plastic cup to his lips and looked away to hide the heat forming in his cheeks. Dean excused himself from his friends and marched towards Sam, the ocean of people breaking apart with no questions. Sam felt like he was watching a live-action scene from the Bible.
"So hot, so perfect," Dean panted, watching Castiel swirl a finger through the mess on his chest before licking it off.
Castiel laughed as he dropped from Dean, pulling his clothes back on. "Maybe next time we do it in a bed," Castiel offered with a casual shrug as he started pulling his clothes on.
Finally, Dean pushed Castiel away from him, his hand grabbing onto the angel's dick. Castiel moaned at the pressure on his shaft, his eyes rolling to the back of his head as Dean worked his magic. His body shivered as he muttered Dean's name, his heart fluttering when Dean laughed.
He relaxed his body as he went at Dean's dick once more, wrapping his lips against the tip and slowly pushing it back into his throat. He couldn't bottom out, but he went past the halfway mark before pulling up again. This time, he didn't let Dean's dick leave his mouth before going back down. He would've been so much better if he could take all of Dean's dick, but that'll have to do.
"Oh," Dean moaned, his hand sliding up Sam's leg. Sam kept riding, sad that Dean was still fully asleep. "Oh, Cas."
Castiel suddenly came out of his euphoria when Dean said his name, pulling away from Dean's hand to maneuver himself above his dick, his mouth going to the tip. They made eye contact as Castiel bottomed out on Dean's length, the angel taking it like a champ as he went up and down without so much as a gag. Guess that's the perks of being an angel of the lord.
His eyes widened when he lowered himself some more, Dean's tip penetrating his tight, unused hole. He released a gasp at the feeling, overwhelmed. He lost his balance, not being able to catch himself in time as he fell hard into Dean's dick. He gasped, half in pain, half in pleasure. He completely forgot about lubing it up to make it easier. What was the point of watching all that porn if he wasn't going to learn anything from it?
"So perfect," Dean whispered, his lips pushing against Castiel's with fire. Their tongues danced with each other as Dean's pace picked up a little bit.
The party wasn't really Sam's style, but he went for Dean. He sucked it up and showed up, walking through the front door as all his classmates walked around the expensive house, plastic cups in their hands and Sam didn't even need to look inside a cup and smell it to know what it was. He was surprised at how many people had shown up. Then again, when the rich and popular head cheerleader, Missy Jenkins, throws a party, the whole school's invited. Even the people on the bottom of the totem pole. Which is how Sam managed to snag an invitation without Dean's knowledge.
No response. Not even a grunt like he normally does, or a stir. But he wanted to try on more time, maybe louder.
Castiel's smile broke the kiss, Dean pulling up a tad bit so he could look the angel in the eye. "So good," he whispered, Dean mirroring his smile. "I'm going to-"
A majority of Dean's friends filled the couches, an empty beer bottle resting on the coffee table in the middle of them. Sam did notice one person that didn't seem to belong in any group on the totem pole, Castiel. He was just as new to the school as Sam and Dean were. Sam always meant to talk to him, but could never find him whenever he thought about it. He wondered if Castiel skipped school sometimes. Sam could never.
"Do it," Dean encouraged, managing to get a hand down to Castiel's dick. He gripped onto it and started jerking his hand, Castiel closing his eyes and opening his mouth.
"Yeah," Sam said.
"It's only seven minutes," Castiel said. "Got somewhere to be?"
"Yeah, and he almost beat you to death," he countered. He closed his eyes for a brief moment before opening them. "Please, Dean, just let me do this on my own."
"Dean."
Dean jumped into his bed and released a sigh. "What's wrong, Sammy? You mad at me?"
The bottle came to a slow stop... onto Castiel. Sam couldn't help but feel a bit of jealousy as the people whistled. An inch to the left and it would've landed on him. Castiel didn't seem bothered about the fact that he had to go into a closet with Dean for seven minutes. In fact, he was the first one to stand up between the two of them. Missy seemed disappointed, too, but shrugged it off as she chose the next person to spin.
Sam had to internally groan as Dean moved to spin the bottle. It was painfully obvious how much Missy wanted to get into Dean's pants and he really couldn't blame her, but it didn't make it any less annoying. He knew without a doubt that she would have better luck than Sam would at achieving that goal, but Dean didn't seem to notice how horny she was for him. Maybe that was a good thing.
"Alright, everybody knows the rules," Missy announced giddily as she squeezed herself between Sam and Dean. "I think we should let the glamorous Dean Winchester start."
Well... at least Dean's still a heavy sleeper when he's not drunk.
"Look, man, we don't have to do anything if you don't want to," Dean assured, shrugging. "I didn't really expect to get stuck in here with a guy."
"Shit, Dean," Sam panted, wincing as he moved up and down. "I need your dick, baby. I need you in me. Fuck, Dean. I love you so damn much. More than Castiel." Sam groaned and lulled his head back, his eyes fluttering close. "Castiel has nothing on me, Dean, and I'll show you."
Castiel leaned his head against the wall as he said, "You have no idea."
"Nice and slow, Sam," he whispered, his eyes going to Dean's sleeping face. He cleared his throat quietly, lowering his voice an octave to impersonate Dean, "You got this, Sammy." He cringed when he automatically used Dean's little pet name for him.
"You're scary good at that," Castiel breathed out, laughing. Dean laughed into his neck before pulling away to pull his shirt off. "Fuck."
Sam's smile faded away. He knew, now, that Dean was never going to look at him the same way. Castiel was the only person Dean wants.
“You just gonna stand there?” Dean finally manages, hating the way his voice cracks in the middle.
Sam gives him his patented Sam Winchester sympathetic grimace and raises his eyebrows to say,
And just like that, he’s telling her everything, words spilling out in a rush before he has a chance to think too hard about it. “No, this is all me. We’ve come close, so many times. And I know he wants to. Hell, I want to! But I’m all in my head about it. I just keep overthinking it. It’s like, I dunno, I’ve never loved somebody like this before. I’ve never had the chance to have something...something permanent or long term and sex has always been this casual, one night, wham bam thank you ma’am kinda thing, and I guess I’m just worried I’m gonna screw it up. That sex is gonna screw it up. Somehow. Sounds stupid, doesn’t it?”
“Don’t do that again,” Dean says, clenching his jaw. “Look, I, uh…”
“Since he restored everyone who was dusted by Chuck,” Cas admits quietly.
Even as Dean urges Cas on, he can feel everything pulling taut, ready to snap. He jerks his hips forward, once, twice, twists his fist around them and tightens his grip just enough—and his orgasm washes over him, jolting white hot through his limbs as he spills over his hand and both their dicks. Cas is only moments behind him, shouting Dean's name and clenching his fingers into Dean's hair tight enough to hurt.
. They stay like that, exchanging small, gentle kisses, Cas’s hand moving its way up Dean’s ribs, Dean pushing his fingers into Cas’s hair, until Dean remembers that he’s still more or less concussed and, oh yeah, still
Cas smiles. “Hi.”
If Dean thought Cas was going to be shy and hesitant about this, he couldn’t have been more wrong. Cas slips a finger between Dean’s cheeks, presses it against his hole, and Dean fucking
“Hey, Donna,” he says with a laugh.
“I wanted to give you some space,” Cas says. “Some time to figure out—”
Too soon Cas pulls his fingers from Dean's mouth and Dean moans at their loss, but then Cas drags them, saliva slick, over Dean's nipple and Dean's breath hitches as a fresh jolts of arousal rushes through his entire body.
impaled by rebar,” he says.
“Jody wanted to put a candle for every year, but I told her it would be a fire hazard,” Sam says, taking a seat on Dean’s other side.
“That sounds about right.” Dean passes him one of the noodle cups and carefully balances the other as he takes his place on the bed. It puts them very close together.
“I don’t know,” Dean mumbles, not wanting to move. “I think I have a concussion.”
When Dean wakes the next morning, Cas is no longer in his bed. This isn’t unusual, but as the events of the night before come back to Dean in a sick rush, he immediately wants to crawl back under his covers and not re-emerge for ten or twenty years or maybe ever. He keeps being clobbered by the irony of the fact that he’s going to mess this up precisely because he’s terrified of messing it up. It’s pathetic, is what it is, especially when he knows the solution is simply talking to Cas.
“It looked like it would be simple,” Cas says, and Dean has a sudden vision of Cas searching cooking videos on YouTube.
“Yeah.” Dean gently shifts Miracle to the side so he can take the plate from Sam. Underneath the current of his nausea is a clawing hunger. He wonders how long he’s been out. “What happened?”
He forces a smile and tries not to stare at the aforementioned bed. Calling it a double would be generous. It’s going to be more than crowded. Dean doesn’t know how they’ll fit without spooning.
Then Cas starts kissing down his chest, just like the doctor on TV. Dean writhes under him. Cas swallows Dean’s dick without an ounce of hesitation and Dean doesn’t have a chance to wonder where he’s learned how to do this because then Cas is pushing his finger against Dean’s hole again. Dean feels everything tightening and his fingers scrabble at Cas’s hair. He doesn’t want this to be over yet.
Dean tries not to let his relief show too much. “Great.”
Dean scrubs a hand over his face. “Fuck. I don’t know how to do this.”
Dean feels another sick swoop, this time brought on by guilt, as instinctual as breathing.
been helping to fix heaven.”
“Netflix and chill
Dean could be angry. Hell, maybe he should be angry. Losing their one sure way to stop Chuck. And he supposes he is, somewhere deep under his ribs, but it's not boiling over like it normally does. Part of him thinks that maybe finally admitting, out loud, that his anger is something he can't control, has mitigated it, somehow. But another part knows it has more to do with the palpable relief he'd felt over knowing Cas wouldn't have to take the Mark, over having that decision taken out of their hands. The relief is so overwhelming he could choke on it.
Dean frowns, trying to parse Cas’s meaning. “What?”
Cas leans back just a bit further so he can look at Dean properly and says, "I think I have some idea."
Dean waggles his eyebrows. Cas flushes and follows him to the bedroom.
“Cas,” he says.
“No,” Cas says, finally bringing his hands to Dean’s hips. “What gave you that idea?”
Cas’s familiar rumble cracks Dean open. He’s going to start crying in a second, he can feel it in his throat and the backs of his eyes. Cas is holding himself awkwardly. He’s still standing at the top of the stairs and his eyes keep darting away from Dean’s face and then back again as he shifts uneasily, making no move to come down.
Dean tilts his head so he can look at her, but doesn’t move away from Cas’s shoulder. “Definitely.”
Cas climbs back onto the bed and watches him for a moment, seemingly awestruck at the picture Dean makes, sprawled open and exposed. Then he pops the lube and rubs some onto his own fingers. He leans over Dean, kisses him almost chastely, and whispers, “Let me.”
take the first opportunity to go to heaven, but he’s too tired to be upset about it just now. And if thinks about it for more than half a second, he gets it, in a way. He probably would have done the same if their positions had been reversed.
“N-no,” Dean says. He swallows. “Just, here.” He pulls himself onto the bed properly and reaches for Cas’s tie, which gives him
Beside Dean, Cas squirms, which somehow pushes him even more firmly against Dean’s side. Then their knuckles bump together and Dean startles so badly he almost jumps. His heart picks up to a frantic rhythm in his chest. He keeps his eye trained on the screen, where the male doctor has now surfaced from between his partner’s legs and is tugging her forward as he shoves his pants down. Dean tilts his hand, lets his fingers seek out Cas’s, and Cas takes the invitation. He laces his fingers through Dean’s and squeezes. Dean might have an actual goddamn heart attack. The couple on screen pant and moan until the fade out and Dean’s hand tightens convulsively around Cas’s.
Dean wants to hug her.
“Okay.” Jody takes a sip and considers this. “So you’re taking it slow. Any particular reason?”
Joy bubbles up in Dean’s chest and he laughs. He plants a kiss on Cas’s lips, clumsy because he can’t stop smiling. They stay that way, trading soft, lazy kisses, until exhaustion takes over. Dean spoons Cas into his chest then, and buries his nose in Cas’s hair, the way he’s always wanted to.
They stare at each other for a long moment and Dean forgets that he’s supposed to keep breathing. Then Cas makes a move like he’s going to turn back to the stove, presumably to check on the bacon. Dean reaches for him, meaning to catch him by the wrist, but landing on his waist instead. It works just as well to reel him in, so Dean goes with it.
Cas frowns down at his hands for a moment and then properly looks at Dean. “You know we don’t have to have sex tonight if you don’t want to.”
It’s the first Christmas in ages that they’re actually celebrating, so Eileen buys the four of them stockings and they each contribute to filling them. They open them in the library over coffee that Dean makes festive with a splash of Irish cream. Sam surprises him by telling him it’s delicious instead of giving him shit for it.
restoring Heaven and of course Cas wouldn’t want to stick around when he had better options.
“Okay,” she prompts, when he doesn’t continue.
“You just did.” Cas frowns in confusion.
“A pleasant arrangement of molecules,” Cas says, his mouth curling up in a teasing smile.
“Uh, yeah, go for it,” Dean says, even though they should probably wait a bit longer. He can’t focus with Cas standing that close. He can see all the little lines around his eyes and the way his hair is curling softly around his ears. The slope of his neck is incredibly distracting. Dean wants to put his mouth there. Wants to scrape his teeth along the line of his jaw. Cas leans in to pour the eggs in the pan and Dean shivers.
“Something smells incredible in here,” comes a female voice from the hall.
Cas shrugs. “Just a little. This Krunch Cookie Crunch is strange though.”
“That’s okay,” Cas replies, and before Dean can protest, he’s following Miracle outside and the door is slamming shut behind them.
“C’mon, Cas. You’re telling me if you had the chance to fix up heaven, you wouldn’t zap back upstairs at the first opportunity?” Dean says, like he’s just found the damning piece of evidence to win a case.
"No, he--" Sam is cut off by Cas saying, "Dean, you're up."
He gets his hand into Dean’s hair, cradling the back of his head, and guides Dean until his face is tucked into Cas’s shoulder. Dean waits for the cold tingle of grace, but it doesn’t come. He feels Cas tense up and press his fingers in just a little bit harder. Cas brings his other hand to the side of Dean’s face and Dean lifts his head to look at him. His thumbs press into Dean’s temples, which on its own is providing some relief, but it isn’t the sweep of grace healing he’s gotten so used to. Cas looks distressed.
