“Yep, there is great, Hap,” he says, sinking into one of the chairs. “Now leave before Rhodey pops a vein or something,” he jokes, and Rhodey glares.
did?” he asks in a British accent. “He almost just died,” he says, a big easy smile on his face, tapping on Tony’s shoulder.
He arrives at 1000 on his Day 0 of training. Lieutenant O’Conner gives him the prior welcome, gathering his file and all his information and provides him with the keys to his room.
“I’ve missed you, Jarvis,” he says, genuinely. Nobody makes a cookies and cream milkshake as mean as his family’s butler does.
“Yeah,” Steve mutters at Tony’s silence. “I don’t usually tell people that so they don’t feel sorry about me.”
“And you need to focus on the problem, Mr. Stark,” the Captain replies, not catching on the queue that Tony’s focusedly trying to avoid speaking to him. Only interested in solving this problem and find out what SHIELD is really up to.
On the way to the elevator a crowd of fans and reporters way for him, they get past them just fine — Happy’s been getting better at the bodyguard aspect of his job, though he still needs to keep working on his boundaries issue — but by the time they’re getting to the elevator door another guy reaches them.
“Shut up,” Rhodey chuckles. “Got back from where? What’ve you been up to?” Rhodey asks as Álvarez moves to grab his glass of scotch.
“So there's elements you can?” Tony says instead, watching from the corner of his eye as Steve makes his way through the stairs.
By the way, this fic turns a year in a couple of days, on May 7, as I also turn a new leaf (a day before, on May 6). I would like to say it's been a journey but thanks to Endgame that very word is giving me war flashbacks. And besides, we're only just starting to get the good stuff so.
“Oh, but there is, Ed. You missed more alcohol,” he says before winking Jarvis goodbye and shutting the door behind him.
Suddenly, Rhodey hears the door of his truck being open and shut close and Allen almost leaps towards them. "Oh, my god, it's Nick Fury!" he shouts. "Sir— Woah," Allen goes, taking a step towards the man and Rhodey wants to face-palm himself.
"Yeah, the Winter Soldier," Tony interrupts and Rhodey figures he'd know. It was in many newspapers and TV news.
Tony just gives her another soothing smile. "No. You're my best friend. Everything will never be okay," he replies, grabbing her hands in his.
Rhodey doesn’t move but his face does a full-shift, and Álvarez catches up on it pretty quickly. “I— uhh,” Rhodey stutters, but Álvarez is breathing through his nose, his smile a thin line.
“Peace in our time. Imagine that,” Tony says, looking over his shoulder to where Bruce is staying still.
“I was nearing on soul-crushing, but, yeah,” Tony says, sitting back next to him again and grabbing the file. “You think it was a good call?”
I know it took me longer than a month to update this and that it's not even that long. You'll have to forgive me, life keeps eating me up.
“H—Hi,” Captain America mutters, taking one step back and putting his hands on his sides, not sure if putting them in his pockets or not.
Steve just breathes out loudly. "If I thought Ultron would bring peace, I'd hang up my shield," he says.
When they sit at Steve's usual table, Steve's regular waitress —Meghan— comes over and smiles at them politely, her eyes getting brighter once she notices who's with Steve.
“Shit. Really?” Álvarez asks, only barely looking at Tony, and Rhodey nods. “Happy birthday— what are you now, Major?” Rhodey nods again. “Well, happy birthday, Major Rhodes,” he says, his olive-brown eyes haven’t changed. Rhodey lets the loose part of his brain stare a little.
“They said they just crashed into some fucking tree on the road, man. They were supposed to go on a stupid trip,” Tony tells him, eyelashes shining wet. They’re now sitting on the couch of the big room they’re in. “The police have been coming and going asking questions as if nearly every communist country didn’t want Howard dead but the final statement is that it was just some stupid accident,” he adds.
He looks at Tony expressionless and decides against following the instincts he's been following for his entire career. He looks at Tony – his platonic soulmate and confident in most things Rhodey would never admit having ever done — and decides to go down a different road. The right one.
Other S.H.I.E.L.D. agents drag Loki into the jet and strap him there. Captain America is still stiffly attached – although with a proper distance, Tony’ll give him that – to his side.
“No, I do. It’s just— you’re worthy of living, you know? I know right now it’s hard to feel like it, with all the loss you’ve suffered but, you are. Okay? You’re important to me, to the world,” Rhodey says, placing a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “I’ve seen a lot of death over these past few months and I—I feel like I should take a second to mourn those people, to drain all the sadness, you know? You wanna do that with me? We can raise a glass to Jarvis—to
But he swallows and just asks: “Is something wrong?”, which translates to 'Did I do something wrong?'.
"Born in 1916, James Buchanan Barnes, known as Bucky by his closest peers, was a member of the 107th infantry of the United States Army during the Second World War. With sharpshooting skills and a nearly perfect score in his training, Barnes graduated third of his class and got commissioned Sargeant just a few days before getting shipped to England, not long after the attack on Pearl Harbor," the voice begins saying.
Tony parts from the kiss and stands over to finish taking it off; stealing glances to Steve as he does. He puts his hands on his chest once he's all bare to his briefs and he moves them away slowly, revealing the scar where the reactor used to be.
“You know I defy government officials on a monthly basis, right? Avoiding Captain America would be as easy as reading the paper online,” Tony says, going over to serve himself his first drink. “Last call, you’re joining or not?”
The next morning, Steve wakes up early to do his daily run by Lincoln Memorial and as soon as he takes a few laps, he sees him. The other casual runner that comes by often, always taking way too long to run one lap.
Tony hears someone come but he doesn’t turn to see; doesn’t need to, he’s starting to learn the sound those fucking boots make. “Was he married?” Rogers asks.
"That's actually why we're here, Rhodes," Fury replies. "We need a few extra hands," he adds, turning to leave.
"Have you talked to Peggy?" Tony blurts out, just when Steve started mentally begging for a new topic.
Steve stares at him for a second, thinks about Bucky and his bond with him but then decides to push those thoughts back as he glances down.
Steve makes his way to the Avengers Tower pretty quickly, considering the jammed streets of New York City. He uses his key to call the private elevator down to the ground floor.
Allen lets out a laugh. "I knew you'd find a way to make it about you," he says and Rhodey shrugs, smugly.
He doesn't advert his eyes from the man. Just stands and waits for his next order, other words mean nothing.
Tony searches through the research paper until he finds its author and when he turns to dial HR to ask about this employee, he realizes he has no idea what to press.
Steve tilts his head to one side and studies Tony’s face. Tony, on his end, tries to smile politely like he just told a perfectly believable and realistic story.
“Stuttgart, Germany. 28, Königstrasse. He's not exactly hiding,” the agent supplies. In the screen, Steve can see the man they’re after.
Tony doesn’t know who Bucky is but he’s heard a similar story to Steve’s, but in that one the anchor was called Rhodey.
Obadiah steps in for him, as per usual, and gives an acceptance speech Rhodey only hears a little, his mind already wanting to get out of there and finding his rude and irresponsible best friend.
Happy nods and takes the paper out of his jacket to hand it to Rhodey. “So, when do I come get you?” he asks Tony and Tony turns to Rhodey, his eyebrows questioning.
Tony only rolls his eyes. “I'll tell Jarvis to notify you after we land. See you later, Hap,” he says.
And after paying his mom a visit for a few days, Rhodey goes to Manhattan to finally take on Tony’s persistent requests that they hang our even though Rhodey just turned 24 and is far more mature than how he was in their college years. But he misses Tony a lot so he braces himself for a little overdrinking and some casual hookup in the next two to three days and knocks on the Stark Mansion’s door just twice.
"Yeah, give him time," Tony says, bending to grab his own pieces. "We don't know what the Maximoff kid showed him," he adds, looking at him.
With a light-yellow, woodened floor and pearl blue walls, Steve’s floor is furnished in a subtle fashion. A white couch on the main room, with a flat TV and a remote (“A remote! With buttons and shit! Pepper, are you sure about this?”) and a bone-white lamp that matches the curtains. Behind the big couch, there’s a white bookshelf with a few books, about five movies (“Rhodey, you think Cap would like ‘Die Hard’?”) and a portrait with the photo of the portrait’s model inside.
"Uh—I'm sorry. What party?" Tony interrupts, his index finger up between them making heart eyes at each other.
Tony takes another breath and keeps going, then: "Like, evidently, I feel terrible for doing that – to you, obviously, because I know you probably thought I was dead so, you got worried. And I don't want you to go through that, naturally. Because I know you care about me – I mean, but not me, ‘cause it's me, but, you know, ‘cause it's you. It's what you do, you care about…people. Right? So I know I'm an asshole and—,"
"You can't be too hard on yourself, Maya," she says, aching to comfort her. "I mean, you gave your research to a think tank."
“Hey, guess you’re not alone anymore, sour-patch,” Tony says, tilting his head to give Rhodey a genuine smile. There’s a faint hint of sadness on his big, puppy brown eyes but Rhodey gets it, he’s been there. For all the things they wanted to be extraordinaire, they also wanted to belong sometimes.
I swear I don't intend to keep teasing you about the impending BuckyRhodey meet, it's just that this chapter already had so much going on. Good news is: I got nowhere else to run now so. Tune in soon. (And remember you're welcome to come yell at me to speed up on buckyrhodey at tumblr or @tazadekarma on twitter)
Tony pats him to follow him into the elevator and he taps on the floor to his lab. When they come in, Rhodey can see Tony building a brand-new armor along with some digital designs for a motorcycle and arrow-heads.
“—a Geiger counter or something like that,” real Tony adds, as the suit stands still next to Pepper. “Busted,” he declares, jumping down from the bar.
Everyone was bothered with their own stuff. Even Nadejda had moved on to keep cleaning up her store.
“Ten bucks says you're wrong,” Nick says as he goes back to grab one of the punching bags and throws it up his shoulder. “There's a debriefing package waiting for you back at your apartment,” he adds, as Steve walks away with a glance back. “Is there anything you can tell us about the Tesseract that we ought to know now?” he asks.
Then the man is there again, screaming a "Bucky, no!" and he feels his heart crawl up his throat before he faints, falling like a 165 pounds leaf in the cold air.
“Really, which broad? What’s her name?” Howards goes, not losing his humor, taking the Christmas hat off Tony.
"Well, we know Strucker's not gonna worry about civilian casualties. Send in the Iron Legion," Tony instructs his AI.
Steve moves his chin to the side, at a loss of words. Then he shrugs and rubs his nose. "Well— you know, I didn't want you to go thinking something—"
Steve clears his throat when he catches Natasha just standing, staring at the black wall of the room next to one of the hangars in the compound. “You want to keep staring at the wall, or do you want to go to work? I mean, it's a pretty interesting wall…”
Hiding behind the trees, and at a long-range, the shot is too easy, so much it almost makes him asleep. The front tires are done in a second and the car spins just right off the cliff, rolling down the hill and just stopping by a big tree, two hundred sixty-three feet down.
"Not everything," Steve thinks. Then they go get some of SHIELD's old archives that they been saving up from every base they raided.
Steve opens his good eye again once he realizes where Tony's going with that and turns to him. “Tony—"
Tony does a thing with his eyes like it's obvious. "So, you worried about all my experience, right?" Tony asks, but there's something playful in his tone. Steve sighs before he nods.
He can see Tony's eyes sparkle before his face changes completely and he goes: "And that is unbridled arousal," just for the sake of the joke's timing.
Steve looks down at his lap and smiles. "Ok, then," he says and gets up, glass in hand. "In the '40s—"
“I just came back from a call with Márquez. Construction team really pulled it off in record time, especially after I pressed about it after the last party you threw there,” Pepper comments.
Tony smiles bitterly. "I guess we have that in common, then," he says, leaning against the headboard and looking at Steve's side.
Then he caresses Natasha's face before he presses one of his beam light arrowheads in front of her face and snaps her out of it.
Tony nods with his brow furrowed. “Shit, that’s right. Wow, you’re lucky you’re still alive,” he says.
“No— I figured if we made enough noise in the science community, one particular Maya Hansen could pop up, you know, return. This could’ve improved your chances of meeting her,” Tony explains, just glancing back to Agent guy for a quick second.
Pepper just shakes her head once but her lips break into a grin, before she sobers up again. “No, but this isn't like that. They’ve been talking about the Avengers and regulations and... It reminds me of the time the government was trying to take your armor,” she says.
Three are wearing white robes and four are in black get-up, with guns. Guns they will certainly use against him if he gets creative.
Tony stares at the footage in front of him and takes a deep breath, bites his lip as memories of Howard’s endless speeches about the holy greatness of Captain America, all while he remained too busy to even play ball with Tony, flash in his mind and make his stomach twist.
“Wait, wait, you haven’t seen the best part yet,” Tony says, stepping out of the elevator and into the place.
“Wait, I know who can help,” Tony says out loud, and Pepper and Rhodey just watch him go over to the work table to pick his phone.
Barton turns on the jet and Romanoff straps herself on the co-pilot seat. “Yeah,” Steve says, smiling, and sits in front of Banner and Thor.
Tony cracks a laugh. “I had the alcohol level of that vodka upped to a ten for you. After what you told me the serum did,” Tony explains. “A single drop of that glass would do some serious permanent harm to your liver, you know, if you were a regular human being,” he adds.
"That's cheap. Even for you," Tony mutters. Rhodey bites his churro and shakes his head with a pout. "And whatever, we're taking it slow—" Tony can even barely make his sentence before Rhodey hooks his hand on his shoulder.
Maria sighs as she puts one tiny bag under the tree. “It’s okay. I believe Edwin told you about your father’s little surprise,” she asks, raising one eyebrow.
"We can do better than SHIELD did now," Steve says with a smile that's so big Tony's not sure he's ever seen it before.
“Tony,” says Steve. He can’t reach out physically, is afraid of how Tony might react, but Steve hopes his voice can be as soothing as a hand on Tony’s shoulder would be. “Are you okay?” he asks softly when Tony finally looks at him.
He rents a car and uses his shiny military dress uniform to bribe people into giving him the proper directions and he’s in the front yard in no time. One knock on the door and he takes a deep breath.
Tony reasons Jarvis has dedicated almost 22 years of his life to his ungrateful ass and he feels his heart sink. Tony looks down at the floor, his sight getting blurry as his eyes fill with tears.
It’s been ten days when they let him outside for the first time. A bag on his face and the car battery held tightly in his arms.
Rhodey rubs the back of his neck, tired and numb from the odd position he fell asleep in. He decides showering is a priority.
“What do you want? A delivery date?” Tony asks, again, taking one step towards them before the rest of the other fifteen men point their guns at him. He stops, but so do they. “I need him,” he says. “Good assistant.”
Once Steve finishes sniffing on Peggy's shoulder, she grabs both of his hands in her wrinkly ones, her cheeks shiny with tears she allowed herself to cry, too, and smiles down to him.
At that Tony snorts, his smile turns wide on his face. “That’s okay, Rogers. I got it,” he says, waving a hand off. “You can keep your money, grandpa,” Tony adds, walking by him, tapping on his shoulder as he passes by him, back to their table.
Rhodey lets out a deep breath and rolls the sleeve back down. Whatever. Who needs a soulmate anyways?
“Yes but I freaked out, hung up. I didn’t want to have anything to do with it, didn’t you hear me? I did all of it to please Howard's ghost, I don’t give a crap about Captain America!”
“He’s moved through thirteen different countries since we started looking for him. Do you understand how hard to track this guy is?” Allen says as Rhodey makes his way around him to grab the paper with Barnes’ location back, can’t risk someone else getting their hands on it.
When they arrive at Maya's hotel room, Pepper calls room service to order some dinner for both of them before she tries to sit down and figure out what to do next or where they can go.
They’re not brainless pieces of a puzzle that will be moved at somebody else’s will and get killed for a meaningless cause or some evil spoiled alien. Not all of them at least.
Andrews sighs, a little exasperated. “Oh, God, is he a sissy?” he wonders, a devilish spark on his eye.
Bruce nods surely but mildly annoyed and Tony drags him back to his lab. "What's the rumpus?" Bruce asks, putting his teacup on the table nearby.
"Well, you did something right," Steve says. "And you did it right here. The Avengers were supposed to be different than S.H.I.E.L.D."
Tony stops her, putting his hands on her wrist. “No, Pep— that's, that’s personal, you don't have t—”
"Listen, I don't hate you," Rhodey says, looking at him in the eyes. "I mean, I hate you right now but not— not generally. And so do they," he says, and it somehow is exactly what Tony was hoping to hear.
"Yeah, we would've called ahead, but we were busy— having no idea that you existed. In fact, I don't wanna be rude but I'm not even sure I understand—" Tony trails, moving his hand around them. "The whole situation here. Which is fine. You know, whatever it is," he says.
"I haven't seen him in almost a year. He's been avoiding visiting me because he knows I'll smack that hot-headed buttock he has for pulling that stunt in Manhattan," Peggy says, amused but also upset, as she walks around slowly over to the couch in the living room and pats for Steve to join her.
“I thought you’d be waking up hours ago, but it took you some time. It couldn’t be that bad, I mean, we didn’t even drink the whole thing,” Tony wonders and Rhodey falls dead silent. “Rhodey-hon, what is it?” he asks, rolling on his bed, looking at the ceiling.
“He’s in perfect health,” Tony answers for him. “So, that means it’s his soulmate, right? Maybe they’re getting these illegal procedures?”
But Steve’s eyes are wide with shock before he looks to the side, a heavy expression in his eyes. “Can, can people do that?” Steve asks softly.
"Colonel Rhodes, I'm so glad to hear you're back. Can you come to my office for debriefing?" General Yu asks.
"With all the honors on his belt, this guy is the whole damn forces best and brightest," Yu adds, chuckling with Ross. Then he turns back to Rhodey and eyes him. "Our very own superhero," he adds with a weird tone.
So he just shrugs, not buying into it, and takes another sip. He repeats the cycle every four minutes and at one point he just lets the bed sink him further. Tony's already drooling into his cushion, down his fourth dream.
He sits in front of his old desk and spins around in his old chair to turn to the big window wall. Pepper has the place all tidy and bright and vanilla-scented.
He looks ahead with a straight face. “Right,” Tony whispers. “That's right. You know why? Because we don't have time for a city hall debate,” Tony goes on. “I don't want to hear "the man was not meant to meddle" medley. I see a suit of armor around the world.”
"Oh, fuck, is much better than in pictures," Tony mutters, looking at Steve's bare chest, and Steve just laughs, his lungs filling with warm, easy air.
“Alright, that’s it, hi,” Tony says, stepping in to stand next to Rhodey. “I’m Rhodey’s best friend. Who are you?” he asks, offering his hand.
Barnes was born in Brooklyn on March 10th of 1917. He graduated from the Thomas Jefferson High School with an above-average score and got conscripted six years later, after the attack on Pearl Harbor, at the age of 24.
Steve only remembers Morita and his Korean mark; that was the first time he came to realize marks could be written in entirely different languages, too.
“What?” Pepper wonders but they’re world’s away, Tony’s focused on the fact that an alien God seemingly got his hands on a special alien object with unclear power capacity.
"I mean someone more powerful than me," Nick warned before he moved away from standing between them.
But Pepper’s face twists a little and she tilts her head. “You have to tell them to be careful, Tony. I’ve been hearing some things in news outlets...”
“Miss Potts,” Rhodey remembers as soon as the woman opens the door, just slightly surprised. She blinks at him in acknowledgment but opens her mouth and nothing comes out. “James Rhodes,” he says, re-introducing himself. “I’m Tony’s friend,” he reminds and she nods, a smile on her face.
Tony sweeps it all away and goes: “Hey, I've read all about your accident. That much gamma exposure should have killed you.”
He’s glad Sam’s here. Sam is simple, he’s easy territory. He’s someone trustworthy and transparent and untouched by all this shit.
Tony lets out a breath as his mouth draws up in a disappointed grimace. "'Cause he wants to get rid of you without even knowing who you are and that's just crazy," Tony says.
“Mhmm,” Tony agrees, and then finishes taking the piece of the missile he needed the palladium from. The first step to trying to replicate an arc reactor.
"You don't have to soften the blow, you know? I grew up with the guy," Tony replies, taking a different road and God bless because Steve isn't ready to speak at length about this with him.
"Rhodey!" Hill shouts from somewhere and Tony moves on the floor to grab a fork for Fondue lying on a table.
“I believe I speak for the entire world when I say — thank you,” he tells all of them, Steve raises his chin but takes the words, trusting that even with all his secretive ways, Nick means well. “We’ll be in touch,” he adds, just before a helicopter arrives and takes him away, up in the skies, disappearing.
Except every Ad is different and everything’s covered in some kind of colored TV, all people are dressed in an odd fashion and even the air feels different.
“As usual,” Tony finishes with a well-acted smile, Howard sighs a chuckle. Tony lets his smile falter and Howards puts the cigar down.
,” the woman cuts in, her tone changed to a happier one. “In fact, Miser Stark would very much like if you came over now,” she adds.
“возвращениенародину.” He curls up in a ball in a dark corner in his brain and finds no shelter. He never does but he always tries.
Rhodey takes it as they make their way through the halls. “Did they give you clearance for the early meeting with the President today?” he asks, before he opens the file.
“Okay, you can see my research, but that's I'm not gonna show you my town,” she tells him, shaking a finger.
"You know what?" Tony just puts a finger on his lips, the lower side of his body becoming far too interested in what Steve had to say. "Let's just, leave it like that, because I still have the image of you and the wood log and like—" Tony trails, raising his eyebrows. "If we keep talking, I might, just, find ways to bend my boundaries about the bunny and just— you know, close my eyes or whatever. It would be low, Mrs. Laura doesn't deserve that. She cleans this room," he says.
But the man doesn’t speak and Bucky’s starting to feel nervous under his stare. His body is getting worked up like he’s winding to both cry and laugh at the same time.
Tony doesn’t even wait a beat. “Matter of fact, it is,” Tony declares, and puts a hand on Rhodey’s shoulder. “Rhodey here keeps having his mark appear and disappear randomly, for years,” Tony says and Rhodey opens his eyes at him. “We were wondering what it could be?”
"Are you sure of that, Rhodes?" Ross says from behind him, his head tilting a little. "Because you're sounding pretty naive to me right now," he adds and Rhodey turns to him. "We just handed you evidence of everything wrong Barnes has ever done but you refuse to take it even as face value."
“Holy shit, Mister Stark!” escapes from the young woman at the front desk’s mouth. Tony laughs out of impulse.
The woman blinks at him and slowly wets her lips. “I am sorry, Mister Stark, but do you actually believe I’m qualified for this position?” she questions, her eyes almost glaring.
"Now, this one? It's a much funnier joke, Rhodes," Ross says, after glancing at him. Then he raises his chin at Yu, as if commanding him to reveal the information.
In the meantime, please know that I have at least four chapter written ahead of this one so the only thing truly stopping me from updating at a reasonable pace is the fact that I try to get them beta'd before I publish. Sometimes I don't succeed, like this time.
Tony's long fingers move from his head to his neck to finally pull off the sweat-shirt Steve changed into in the quinjet after they left Sokovia.
They look at each other still for what feels like an eternity and Tony takes his hands out of his pocket, just to rub them together.
“The Stark Industries will have now a new face,” the headline reads, a picture of Tony posing with Stane behind him, his hands on his shoulders. “At the age of 22 — just shy of 23, Tony Stark just became the youngest CEO of a Fortune 500 company in all of history after his father, Howard Stark, died in a car accident last year. Tony graduated top of his class at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and is set to inherit the sixth biggest fortune in America’s history,” the article read.
From the floor, Steve stares at his red-and-gold form. He feels out of breath but he’s not sure if it’s from the fight he just had with the horned-man or if it’s something else.
Tony blinks in acknowledgment. "Banner and I will give it the once over before it goes back to Asgard. Is that cool with you?" he asks Thor and the God nods. "Just a few days till the farewell party. You're staying, right?" he adds.
Then she tsks his tongue and looks out the window. "'Cause— soulmates...it's a private thing," she answers and Steve pretends he hasn't known 'Clint Barton' is written on her wrist since the first day he met her.
Peggy stares into his eyes and he can see her in her youth as he knew her in the deep of her brown eyes.
Peggy lets out an exasperated sigh and takes another step closer to him, looking like she’s inches away from smacking him with the nearest hard object. Jarvis steps in front of her and places his hands on her shoulders.
Tony lets go of him after one squeeze and then punches him in the shoulder. “A whole fucking year,” he says.
Tony turns back to Steve –who’s now actively staring at the ceiling, Tony tries his best not to smile at that. “That’s JARVIS,” Tony tells him, smiling politely.
“I gotta tell you something but first, don’t freak out, and second, I didn’t tell you because this happened like just a few months after your parents — you know—and I knew you had a lot on your plate, so I didn’t want to worry you or upset you with my shit,” Rhodey begins, grabbing Tony by his forearm before they go inside. Hogan is closely watching him and Rhodey understands what Tony meant about boundaries.
Steve flat-out laughs this time and Tony opens his eyes just so he can see that, and smiles once he does.
He wants to scoff a laugh but his body is not working with him; his flesh hand feels like it’s burning.
He waits for the truck to push them back towards him and gets on top of the car again, this time ripping the steering wheel.
Tony settles on the couch, laying his arm on the back and pointing to Steve with the hand that’s holding his glass to sit on the couch in front of him. “Yeah, I’m not ready for her to whup my ass for trying to save the city,” he says, smiling, his glass to his lips again.
Steve looks at it and has no idea what to make of it. The lines are formed in eight different tiny squares —like eight letters— but Steve's never seen markings quite like that.
Rhodey opens his mouth to defend himself but lets out a breath instead. "Look, I know, it's not what the evidence points out but just— I just don't think he's a bad guy. I don't think he's a threat," he says, entwining his fingers.
Steve falls on the mattress with his arms open and lets himself daydream Tony could even want a little more.
“Uhm,” Rhodey cuts in, raising a finger at her. “N— Natalie?” he asks and she gives him a courtesy smile.
“If it’s about my mark, no, I don’t know what happened,” he says and the guy raises his eyebrows at him.
Thor chuckles at them from the other side of the table. "I'm gonna miss you, people," he says, before grabbing a bite of his sweet and sour chicken and eating with a smile.
“He's called Loki. He's— not from around here. There's a lot we'll have to bring you up to speed on if you're in. The world has gotten even stranger than you already know,” Nick says, almost tiredly, like he’s already lost a battle.
Bucky looks another way before he looks back to him and smiles so widely it messes up his features. "Please, you would never let that happen," he says. "To Cap!" Bucky adds with his hand raised and the room cheers.
"Ah, nothing. He just gave me some stupid insight on soulmate behavior— he's probably way off. He's straight— one can't really trust him, you know?" Tony says and then he covers his head again.
Rhodey waits while Tony gets ready for about thirty minutes, sitting in the empty living room. He rolls up the sleeve of his red shirt and looks at his empty wrist; he has to find a time to tell Tony as soon as he can or he’ll be pissed Rhodey didn’t say anything. Rhodey shakes his head and then rolls the sleeve back down.
Pepper raises hey eyebrows and nods. “Really?” she asks and Tony gives a vague shrug. “Well, now, I got about 12% of chances of meeting her, then,” Pepper adds, as promised, not subtle at all. “This seems serious, Phil's pretty shaken,” she says, changing to the subject at hand.
But Iron Man isn’t flying on the clouds, he’s falling. “He's not slowing down,” Thor says, starting to swing his hammer, but just before he takes off, Hulk jumps high and catches Iron Man’s body and then lands harshly on the ground, near them.
Tony's torso, his entire body, in fact, is barely grazing his. And Steve's desperately starting to want some friction, so he puts his hands on Tony's back and he presses, pushing him into his chest.
"Saving the world should feel ecstatic," Clint says, throwing the bow on the floor and falling into the couch. "But I'm dead," he yawns.
But the way they looked at each other just made Tony feel like he needed to be somewhere else immediately.
“Trouble sleeping?” a voice comes from the back door. He turns just barely to find the man from the former S.S.R. standing.
He finds Thor with the rest of the veteran group a little after that and he's explaining some special kind of booze.
The first thing Tony does when he wakes up is move his hands. Well, he tries to, anyway, because he can't. He's tied up.
The Black Widow does as asked but just before the portal finishes closing in on itself, the small figure of iron makes the cut.
“Yeah, vacation's over,” he says and then moves towards the car, where Happy is waiting, holding the door open for him. Tony looks at him and draws the corner of his mouth up, behind Happy’s glasses he can’t really see him, but Happy hold himself still, stiff, hesitant on what to do. “You’re not gonna say ‘I told you so’?” Tony wonders, tilting his head a little.
“Congratulations, Mister Rhodes,” Jarvis greets as he reaches them. He hands Tony back his graduate cap and then gives Rhodey a firm handshake.
He turns fast to punch him but the man's quick to draw his shield up. The vibration sends him a little off balance so he kicks him and falls on his ass.
“Honey-boo, your best friend is filthy rich, you know? I can just get you a first-class plane ticket,” Tony says and he doesn’t have to see his friend to know he’s rolling his eyes back to Saturn.
“Scan the wreckage. From what I saw they modified that tank a bit from the original Hammer design,” his superior orders.
They've stopped from getting far at least four times now. Steve lets his body follow the flow but his mind rushes and he starts panicking every time. It's like he's back to being fifteen and having no idea what to do.
Kate raises his eyebrows. "Well, with Tony Stark I doubt it'd be anything but complicated," she says before waving him goodbye and going back to her apartment, leaving Steve with his mouth half-open.
Tony walks around the place and finds the wall. "Please be a secret door, please be a secret door, please be a secret door," he says, pushing. "Yay," he mutters once the wall moves.
On his end, Rhodey sits on a bench and waits for his ride to arrive, ready to keep on adding achievements to his belt.
“Unlike you, I don't have a lot of time for parties,” Helen says but Tony just raises his eyebrows at her. “— Will Thor be there?” she wonders.
"My body feels weird to me. Does yours feel weird to you?" Tony asks on his lips, his brow still furrowed.
Rhodey just chuckles in reply. “I did. I got Tony’s tech to track him faster. So I’d know what to do without having to tell Yu about it,” he explains. “Listen, it’s been months since he went hiding, nothing’s happened.”
"Is this the thing you have in your chest but—um, you know, bigger?" Harley asks, opening his hands at ‘bigger'.
Natasha smiles at him like the killer she is. "You remember I saw you in the period of time you thought you were dying, right?" she asks, arching one threatening eyebrow.
He lowers his head and smiles bitterly. “I used to be, a long time ago,” he says, then raises his face again.
So all Rhodey can say is: “I am, sir,” with unshaken faith in Tony and in his own ability to find him, even if he has to dig through every single field of sand in all the Middle East.
“And the company that Pepper runs is the largest tech conglomerate on Earth,” Tony says, raising his eyebrows. “It's pretty exciting”.
“Yeah, I told you last night, Pepper asked and I’d feel terrible if I don’t show up for her, you know?” Tony says, looking at their joined hands, barely gripping each other but oh, so heavy.
“No, God no. He’s at the hospital now,” she’s quick to say and Tony takes a breath. “But it’s not good, Tony,” she adds, her voice almost breaking.
“Look, we’ll talk back at the Tower later, okay?” he interrupts Tony, calmly, and then gently pushes him to a safe distance. “Good luck,” he adds before his faceplate falls close and he takes off to Washington.
"Nothing you should be too concerned about. It's all over with, anyways," Rhodey answers. "Have we moved on Ultron?" he asks.
Steve breaks the kiss by letting out a chuckle, his breath all on Tony's face – he was having apple cider. "I thought we were gonna stay friends," he mutters, but his hands are holding Tony's tightly.
The man stood up imposing, walked like a soldier, and everything the stories said about him seemed to be right. Down to the special arm.
It seems to convince her enough but she still looks at him like he's death itself. He figures he deserves that.
“You know we thought that a long time ago,” said Natasha. “I had hoped that after everything you've done, you realized we saw you differently.”
Tony sat on the floor with his back to the window in darkness, the moonlight shining down on him. Steve slowly walked in, and only paused for a moment when Natasha squeezed his arm hard. She tilted her head, indicating the shards of glass on the ground.
Xigbar smirked, and what seemed like two small crossbows appeared in his hands, and his stance shifted. Tony realized, suddenly, that this man hadn't even really begun to fight. “Let's play.”
Tony moved his hand, placing it near Steve's shoulder, ready with some witty retort that quickly fled his mind as he felt as if a surge of energy rushed through him. He startled, moving his hand as if stung. Steve's eyes were wide, staring at Tony.
And maybe he wasn't quite as successful as he wanted to be. Well, at least Natasha smiled a bit at him instead of threatening him like earlier...
“We're not,” replied Anthony. “We grew up together, so we adopted each other. We have each other's backs. No matter what. ”
“You're dead. You can't be alive.” Tony tried to move, but the more he struggled, the greater the burning.
The Keyblades are not going to look like the ones in Kingdom Hearts in this universe. They can be altered using keychains, but I see them as more stylized in the handle than the actual blade, while the blade can be flashy (look at Tidus' sword in FFX) in some. Weird quirk.
“Ugh, honestly,” Darcy replied. “I fucking got fake blood in my eye last night and that burned worse than shampoo so my roommate had to practically carry my pathetic ass to the bathroom so I could rinse my eyes.”
“I’m pretty sure that’s not what your new friend wants to hear, but okay, Tony. Have fun designing the uniform,” Bruce shook his head good-naturedly.
The brunette man thuds back into his chair, a whoosh leaving his lungs at the force. “Could have fooled me.”
“I’m really bad at this sort of thing, but hey, even I can tell it wasn’t your fault. People die; it happens, and I know, it fucking sucks. And I definitely don’t blame you for using his gift, if he left it for you, then he wanted you to use it.” Steve lifted his blurry vision to the direction of the inventor.
“The ones around me appear to go down and cease their hallucinations,” Bruce answered, his voice laced with frustration.
He couldn’t hear anything above his own screams and then, as suddenly as the pain had started, it vanished.
“You know you’re not supposed to do interdimensional travel without a special suit on, right? It must have been pretty damn painful without it,” Tony finally lowered the repulsor and cocked his head at Steve.
“How’d you know?” Tony gave him an odd look, his eyebrows furrowing together. “Did this happen in your dimension too?”
“JARVIS! You’re here. Thank God. JARVIS, where am I?” he awkwardly babbled to the AI, relief flooding his system.
“Then, naturally, the third option is you don’t choose either wristband and decide to live your life out here, in 2023. Which is perfectly fine, no hard feelings. This is getting lengthy, but I owed one last gift to my best teammate,” Tony’s voice cracked at the last word and he bowed his head. He raised it again a second later, pain evident in his eyes. “Good luck, Steve.”
At this point, Sam seemed to understand what Steve was hinting at. “Steve, there’s no way. You can’t, I mean—”
Damn, Tony thought, and here he thought he was well-rounded. “I actually am getting my doctorate in Physics, so if you ever need a study bud, I’m your man,” Tony offered.
“Oh good, you had me worried there for a second there, Darcy,” Tony shook his head in mock exasperation.
Tony gripped the necklace in his right hand, flying around the sorceress who is now in Thor’s tight grip. “Thor, take her to SHIELD, and make sure she’s contained before you return the flower, okay?” Tony placed the necklace over Thor’s head.
“Maybe not, I’ve got an idea,” Steve cut in. “Tony can you get me on a rooftop near her? If she tries to target me, that may give you enough time to grab the flower.”
“Fuck, Steve, just hold on for a few minutes, okay? Yeah, okay. This should wear off soon, anyway, I’m sure, sure. Medical! We need medical!” Tony screamed into his comms.
“We will, once you explain who this is,” Bruce gestured at Steve while exchanging glances with Natasha. Steve looked down at the floor, suddenly self conscious of the fact that the team that he knew so well had absolutely
“I would suggest a blood choke as the best method. Careful to not let their head sag forward afterwards though,” Bruce responded.
“I wish I could switch with you, Tony, but I wouldn’t fit in that box,” Steve sympathetically told him. “Could you maybe switch with Clint or Natasha?”
“The people appear to be trying to hurt themselves!” Steve called out over the comms. “No kidding. People are going fucking nuts trying to get out of their hallucinations. I’ve begun using my sleeper darts,” Clint responded.
“It’s a normal night. Oh! Do you wanna watch a movie?” Tony nods, more to himself than Rhodey. “Yeah, a movie. With popcorn and maybe some of those cheese crackers. That’d be nice, and I wonder—“
Steve could barely process the thoughts rushing into his head; his lungs constricted, and he stared in horror at the scene before him. Tony Stark, slumped in front of him, Pepper cradling him delicately in her arms.
“Cool, I hope we can get a good station,” Steve followed Thor and the rest of the scare actors into the auditorium.
Tony sinks back into the cushioned chair and positions it to face Rhodes, who is slightly illuminated by the small glow of the lamp behind him.
After yet another round of screaming and box jumping, Tony heard a knock on the side of his box. “Stark.” Natasha’s voice called out.
“Tony, what year is this?” Steve looked over at his companion, who looked almost exactly the way his Tony did, except maybe a bit younger.
“Hey, buddy, everything okay?” The man in the chair, Tony, asks while quickly raising himself from his chair.
“Well, I just so happen to love licking plastic, so if you need help with that, I’m your man,” Tony suggestively wiggled his eyebrows as Steve blushed crimson.
Tony sighed in agreement and slumped back down in the chair as Darcy finished applying the fake blood to his face.
He glanced at her. She gave the barest of head shakes. Give us more time, it said. He looked at Steve, met those sky blue eyes.
The others gave their names, and they were all smiling. His heart beat a little faster, his stomach twisting.
It was easy to find their way to the Undercroft, mostly because people were very forthcoming in information. It threw Natasha off. In Kirkwall, they had been street urchins. True, Tony was brilliant, even when thrown into the jail known as the circle, and she had a knack for fighting, but to trust so easily?
Tony lay upon the ground, staring at the ceiling, and attempting to figure out if getting up really was worth it.
He had shrugged his shoulders, a small sheepish grin on his face. She smacked him on the head, then held him close. Natasha held back her tears, realizing how close he had been to dying.
Tony stood up, went to the cabinet, pouring some painkillers into his hand. Several hands were held out to him.
He figured he should stop. He was fairly sure he heard someone retch. Natasha took his hand and squeezed.
“It's a pleasure to meet you, too, Solas. You are...a member of the Inquisition? Everything's a bit...”
“You're a capable fighter, and you've fixed the armor to work with your other form,” said Steve softly, leaning close to him. “You've got this.”
“Speak for yourself, Hawkeye,” said another, and Natasha tilted her head. “Cremisius Aclassi, also called Krem, at your service.”
It felt like falling, and yet somehow controlled, like someone pulling him down in water. He landed on his feet in complete darkness.
“The Circles, as they were, is a pile of trash, and most mages know that. But the idea of a place where mages learn how to protect themselves and others is entirely vital. Protection is a necessity, but the restrictions....the shackles placed by the Templar order is an abomination in itself. Of course, to say that the Templar order is completely off kilter would be entirely too simplistic as well, and none of this is simple, except for one thing. Mages need a safe place to learn, a school of their own, but just a school. Not a prison. Not...”
Steve sighed. Natasha put a hand on his knee and squeezed hard. It was her sign to make him stop talking. At least Rook looked amused.
The problem with Kirkwall, as many people knew and didn't do a damn thing about it, was that it wasn't kind to Mages. And not just the whole 'we're going to throw you in the big Mage tower that you can't leave and watch you...all the time,  you damn freaks,' kinda way. No, it was more along the lines of 'in addition to the above, we're going to beat the shit out of you and treat you lower than mud, give you no say whatsoever, and if you talk out, we'll make you Tranquil.'
“I don't know who she was,” said Tony, softly, again, after they had been questioned. “I wasn't lying. She didn't say anything. Just kept laughing...killing people...I couldn't do anything...Steve, I couldn't do anything again. I failed again.”
Tony felt eyes upon him, small, yellow, curious, not attacking yet, but definitely not friendly. Shadows, dancing in the corner of the eyes, waiting...
Steve tracked him down again in the alleyways, and nearly managed this time to grab him before a few arrows zoomed in-between them.
Natasha knew that eventually, the Avengers would be called upon for missions. Rook, thankfully, understood that as a new group, they needed some time to learn to get along.
“I'll contact a few other bladers,” said Aqua, smiling. “I'll tell them the situation, and I'll stay around, too, if that's okay. Help out however I can.”
His anger was legendary, he figured. Hadn't everyone heard of the famous battle, the reason they had all split? They probably all thought it an easy choice. Well, not Natasha, probably. How many hours had they spent talking?
“Will you tell me about what's happened? I've obviously heard some of it, clouded by the lack of emotions and all, but I'd like to know more.”
“No, you don't,” said Ramuh. “It takes time to learn, and you need not carry a crystal if you do not wish to learn. But, it concerns me, what has happened, that this world was breached in such a fashion. I fear there is a darkness looming above us, and we are not fully aware of it yet. I encourage you to seek out my brethren, if possible. Learn from them. You may need our help more than you realize.”
“Who's being rude now?” drawled Tony, which earned him a stomp on his foot. Natasha, red in face, apologized.
“Call for a runner, and they'll show you where our quarters in the main hall will be. Pick whichever rooms you wish around mine,” said Steve. “Follow me, Anthony.”
Tony didn't feel ready for this. True, the armor itself was complete, after he, Dagna, and Harritt ditched the heavier pair, and decided to make a lighter version. The armor used plate for vital areas, chain to connect everything together, colored in reds and golds. But he still couldn't quite get the hang of the boots yet, flying into walls and ceilings.
“Perhaps I have pushed you too much. I realize you have been through a lot in a short amount of time...”
“His mom...your mom, there, she was an esper. Uncle became obsessed, like so many other, with their power, thinking that if you...he, had been just a bit stronger with magic...”
“Follow,” she said, and led him over the rooftops, sometimes spy style, sometimes with Sam's assistance.
“Look what I found,” said Steve, softly. Startled, Tony barely managed to catch what Steve tossed him.
Sometimes, it made him cry, and Namine would cry, too. They had to make it convincing, to make everyone think that she broke the chain of memories, and remade them.
She nodded, and then touched her forehead. Tony rubbed the sunburst on his forehead, frowning, then sighed.
“Yes, we'll join,” Natasha said, figuring at last that there was no hope of Tony actually answering.
Wanda gaped at him, clearly surprised that he actually said something. He wanted them to get along. He loved his team. He had missed being all together, and now that they had this chance...
They told her to erase his memories. She knew she could, but didn't, instead giving him a vision of different worlds, of what could have been, and sometimes, just reminding him of something he forgot. It was their secret.
He didn't know what her plan was, but he kept moving, weaving through the crowd, and finally getting a bearing on where he was. It took quite a while before he got the notification that Steve took Wanda down. She probably used her powers to distract him. At least he managed to inhale some food along the way.
Phoenix landed on his shoulder, and he stroked her head. “I'm going to call you Kou. I don't like calling you Phoenix...no offense.”
Before she lost her temper, she said, “Do you want to go visit this...Herald's Rest for some food? I know there's probably a lot of people there...”
His eyes were steel, hard and cold, almost white as snow. Armor, so familiar, but all black, black like the robes Larxene and Vexen wore, and in the center...
“It was going to come up sooner rather than later,” replied Tony. “And it's not like a wanted this, Fury. I was kidnapped.”
Arrows shot out from all sides, quick as bullets, but the impact didn't feel like one. It caused a deeper pain, as if he burned from the inside. Steve stumbled beside him.
Steve gave Dr. Strange a bit of credit for not faltering too much when all the team and Pepper simply stared at him as he entered.
“But...” he was silenced with a kiss. Tony frowned at him. “You can't just kiss me to make me shut up.”
Tony lifted his hand. “Stop, Kairi. I agreed with Steve, because you are too young. I didn't say you won't be trained.”
Steve finally opened his eyes fully at the normal time he woke, groggy from everything. Natasha lay curled with the girls, her eyes open.
“I do not need any more problems in my life,” said Tony, running his fingers through his hair, mussing it in the process.
“This...whatever's coming, Steve, it's not going to care that they're young. I'm not saying we send them out in the thick of battle right this second, and throw them in the middle of shit. I'm saying they have to be trained because when those things come back, we won't be able to train them properly then. They aren't going to wait until they're older.”
“You are all exceptional in your own ways,” said Leliana. “Whether you can work as a team has yet to be seen, but we feel that the potential is there.”
“He'd never....” But Tony's words faded away. He wanted to think the kind man he had met in Kirkwall meant only good things for them, but...
“It's all right,” said Adaar, a small smile on his face. “I'm rather used to it. I'm not like a lot of Qunari you've met because I was never a part of the Qun.”
“I hate to bother you, Boss,” said FRIDAY, softly, “But there's a lady in the lobby that wants to see you. She says she knows what's going on.”
His eyes widened, and he turned. The warmth became drenched in a bucket of ice water, sprinkling down his back. Steven stood, tense, as he looked between the pair.
“I don't know,” said Tony. “I just saw the glass, and thought it'd be a good idea. Why are you here?”
“I thought to myself, this bond we have, this gift I've been given, to share everything with you, your pain and happiness and everything in between, is more important than any ceremony. Close your mouth, Tony. I'm not done. It's more important, more precious than anything, but I want to marry you, too.
Natasha gave him a look that clearly stated, “Don't get into trouble,” before making her way to meet someone named Leliana.
Gently, as if the most natural thing in the world, Steve put his hand on Tony's back, leading him the rest of the way to his room. A few of the nobles seemed to whisper. Tony waved at Rook, who appeared disgruntled on his throne, but waved to him as they disappeared down the hallway.
“I wish I wasn't. When a person has their soul heart stolen, they become creatures of darkness, Heartless, searching for another heart.”
The feeling that something was behind him, and he whirled around. The creature was all darkness, shadows, and sorrowful, downcast eyes, looming over him.
Tony turned, brushing his longer hair out of his face. “In one world, you died. In another, I died. Sometimes we came back, sometimes, we didn't. I don't know if what she gave me was a gift, or a curse. I do know I love you.”
“Excellent,” said Rook. “And no, Rook is not Elvhen. It's something I chose for myself. Now, let me see these runes...”
“Fuck you, Edax!” Tony screamed. Phoenix fluttered above them, her tail giving them a bit more light.
“I'll be right back,” said Hawkeye. “I need to go talk to my other boss, not to be confused with my other other boss.”
And then they go back home to find Fury and Agent Coulson at the entrance to their home. Silently, begrudgingly, they let them in.
“This is like some sort of weird nightmare/dream thing, right? I'll wake up and find out I've been a coma, Steve and I are married, and just adopted these hellions...”
Once, he would have responded. He'd yell, fight, anything, to make his point. But emotions felt new to him, and instead of molten anger, he merely felt the cold of isolation.
“She called me 'pretty?'” and there was no smirk on his face, just genuine astonishment, eyes wide, eyebrows up. He blinked a few times, then looked at Steve.
“At least, in some sort of strange way, he kinda cares,” said Tony, one night. “In the psycho controlling sort of way...”
They did, silently making their way, but Tony knew that Steve was one persistent asshole, and would eventually catch up, even if he had one flier and a super spy.
This is why I like one shots. I can finish a story without losing my train or jumping to another one. XD
But the more time they spent, the greater the chance of discovery. He prayed they didn't dispose of her as they did that other Howard.
“Yeah. Back like a bad rash. At least Justice and Compassion are back, too. Also, I met a member of the Inquisition. His name's Solas. He seems....”
“I'm Dagna,” said the small dwarf. “This grump is Harritt, and he works on all the basic,” this earned a scoff, “armour and weapons, and I deal with the weirder stuff. Did you need something made? Something looked at?”
Steve remained quiet, moving his hand to run his fingers through Tony's hair. It felt like he could see inside him, see all the darkness...
“Might as well crash the party. I mean, yeah, it's a bit...overwhelming, but we might also be dead soon.”
“And, of course, the Black Widow. Leliana, our spy master, already wishes you to be part of our ranks. It would be an honor if you two would work with us.”
“Cullen and a Tevinter Mage...incredible!” Tony paused for a moment to wrap his head around this concept, and promptly became distracted by Steve's lips.
Tony's eyes focused on the calm individual, sitting on a bench, watching the trio. He wore the same robes, his face and hair completely covered, except for his piercing, blue eyes. One second, he was there, the next, gone.
“The goal,” continued Steve, as if all eyes weren't staring at him, “is to stay away from me as long as possible...without your suit.”
“You don't announce some fucking bullshit that you're leaving the Avengers, however,” he warned. “It's a mission, even if you're gone for fucking years, understand?”
“Yes. Each of you has a well inside, some greater than others. Some spells will feel more natural, come quicker. For Tony, these powers will come faster than most, and some may be learned over time.”
Tony let the tunic go, relacing them with shaking hands. “Once, in the Gallows, some Templars didn't like the way I talked, so they got creative.” He laughed, but it was bitter. “I've never exactly been in the tip top shape. I have a tendency to get distracted by ideas, so...I almost died.”
“No, please! I really do want to talk!” And did that not sound truly like a young child begging for the comfort of a parent? His face flushed, but he didn't move. Natasha always knew what to say to cheer him up, and this regal woman, so calm in this whirlwind, reminded him of her. She did not move, watching him.
In the last year of Meredith's reign, they made Anthony Tranquil. Natasha had then cried, with all the snot and breathless gasps, holding the blank slate that had been her brother.
Tony whined, like a small puppy chastised by the mother, but obediantly did as told. He could still feel the breeze, smell of water and grass, hear the soft voices of Justice, Solas, and Compassion, speaking in Elvhen, if he knew his languages...
“For making you feel threatened. I don't understand your stance on the matter, but it wasn't right for us to lash out, either.”
Tony looked at Dagna, who shrugged one shoulder. She was like him, and once started on a project, didn't always notice what was going on. And with Tony, when he was that oblivious, that meant he was upset, a fact Natasha was aware of...
Tony frowned, then tried to burrow into the warmth. Despite just a bit of protest, they had found a cave on the island. Though not winter yet, the breeze had been a bit chilly, and a gentle rain began to fall. Phoenix had chittered, clearly irritated. The flames from her tail gave a gentle warmth as they huddled, her light dimming so they could rest.
To everyone's surprise, Thor walked over, and took Tony's hand, waiting until the man opened his eyes. He squeezed, gently. “Be well, Shield Brother. No matter what, we are with you. And I shall kick Steven's ass if he hurts you.”
“Please don't tell me you're another emotionally stunted moron,” sighed Natasha. “We have too many of those in the team.”
Ignoring the rising flush to his cheeks, Tony handed out the gifts that he had worked on for his team. New knives for Natasha, bitterly cold, different arrows for Clint, both freezing and exploding, a new staff for Bruce that could channel different elements, and gauntlets for Steve protection.
And then it did come. Natasha didn't think twice. When she watched his eyes widen, when the tears began to trickle down his cheeks, that's when she cried again, because she knew that she had her brother back, her egotistical, sarcastic, genius brother. They were both nearly hysterical, years of pain and traveling, fighting and broken paths, lost hopes, catching up within seconds of realization. She knew some people watched them, that anyone could stick a knife in their back. Only whispers and the sniffles of a few others surrounded them.
“Goodbye,” Tony said, opening his eyes, looking at him. It felt like a farewell of a soldier to a spouse...
He hesistated. Nice wasn't exactly the word he would use. Solas could be nice, but that power he had felt...
Tony screamed every curse word he knew as Sam flew him across from the towers to a different set of roofs.
“Somewhere, there's a world that has fruit shaped like a star, and if you share that fruit with those you love, you'll never be parted. No matter what. Our Tony told us that story and the Wayfinders.”
Bemused, Rook continued, handing Steve a report. “Rumors are that the village may be used to smuggle red lyrium. In addition, numerous villagers are reported missing. We want to send you out to investigate, get any information you can find on red lyrium, and if possible, find the missing villagers.”
“Of course,” said Tony, rubbing his temples. Steve gently massaged his neck, causing the genius to slump in his chair just a little. He startled a little when Axel dropped something into his lap. Tony looked at the crystal, then up at the redhead, who shrugged a bit.
Frustrated, feeling like he failed the Phoenix esper, tears welled in Tony's eyes. He shifted into his other form, ignoring the pain in his hand, and lifted the Keyblade.
“Yes,” said Aqua, placing the box of bagels on the table, opening it and removing some cream cheeses, her back fully turned to them. She didn't seem nervous that some of the Avengers carried weapons. Tony and the girls moved to the table.
Steve tried to stop the pained sound that came from his throat when he finally saw that yes, there were cuts on Tony's upper arm, and a glass shard at his feet. The sound made Tony raise his head, eyes wide.
For a few days, they spoke little. Tony didn't know who would join him in this magic business, and he didn't currently want to know, throwing himself into work, because that's sometimes when he thought best.
Tony noticed that Natasha, Bucky, and Clint seemed to be doing the weird silent communicating thing the three shared. He touched each of the other two crystals; Kirin felt loving and Phantom was a silent calm. Would it feel the same for the others, or did it change depending on the person?
Namine wanted to fight, to tear out the IV in Tony's arm, more infusion given to him than to them...they had the blood already running in their veins before...
Tony took the mug of coffee Bucky handed him, waving off Thor's apology. “I probably would have slept the day away anyway...”
“Forgive me. My given name is Adaar, but many call me The Hulk. I was going to be on security duty at the Conclave, but I had a bit of a mishap. Lucky of me, really, but I felt that since I survived, I should join in the fight with the Inquisitor. You two are new?”
“Welcome to my fucking home, Fury. Hello, Agent. Good day? Would you like some coffee? A lightening bolt in the ass?”
Thank you to everyone who is enjoying this, and thank you so much for the comments! I promise that I read each one, and smile!
Silence greeted those words. Tony continued to stare at the summoning crystal, only half paying attention to the spells like he did most things, and still processing the information.
His blonde hair was longer, his jawline fuller. His hand was warm as it cupped Tony's cheek. He heard Steve growl, saw him struggle against the spell, fighting to get up.
This earned Tony a pleasant blush, fair skin turning a pretty red, but the man's eyes didn't waver from him. Tony gave Natasha a brief glance, and saw that her eyes had narrowed even further, thin as daggers, cold as ice. Clint seemed more amused, but Bruce also seemed a bit concerned. He clearly remembered the less than pleasant talk with James.
Natasha turned her glare on her brother. The unfortunate effect of growing up together was that Anthony usually brushed off her reactions. “You know, it never ceases to amaze me all the lovely bullshit that comes out of your mouth.”
“No, it's not,” he agreed. He didn't drink it, but he didn't put it down either. Slowly, he walked to the window, staring out at the endless dots and streams of light.
Tony gave them a look, but took off his tunic. Immediately, the dwarf began to babble about the runes, and though Natasha didn't really understand much about what she said, Tony did, and so did Bruce. She watched, bemused, as they threw ideas around.
“Oy! Come back with that! That's my favorite!” he yelled, but remained seated, as Ramuh led the other two, chuckling.
“I will travel to Asgard, and talk to some of my people. There are numerous explanations, and none that I wish to jump to.”
They raced through the building, and it felt like shadows followed them. He could hear the commotion, and the fact they didn't meet anyone trying to hit them seemed almost creepier than having to fight their way through.
“He left everything,” whispered Pepper, “His armor, his phone, his wallet...Steve....FRIDAY can't contact him. Nobody can...”
The laugh Steve gave was humorless. “I was very sick at the time. Not the healthiest individual anyway, and on top of it, lyrium as a templar...I figured I'd die anyway. Why not give my life to possibly help someone else? Maker, how stupid and idealistic. I didn't know until much later that I wasn't the first and only test subject.”
“Those things you fought beforehand? Also, that crazy from yesterday. When a Heartless takes a heart, it separates to two creatures, the mindless Heartless, and the Nobody. If it's extremely strong, the Nobody is sentient.”
“NO!” she cried, clutching something in her fists. Steve didn't know if it was an act, not yet, but he refused to take a chance. Unstrapping his shield quickly, he let it fly at the first of the creatures, watching as it disappeared, like mist.
“My name's Anthony,” he said, with a small bow, and wink to Steven. Oh, that blush on the man's face...
He threw the shield, no longer scratched, and now entirely white, except a design that looked suspiciously like his current arc reactor. There was little time to study it, however, because Steve threw it at the looming darkness.
Oh, he knew how his chest looked. Runes, carved into his chest, piercings with small runes surrounding the large one that he himself had done.
Of course, it could also have been the wet, super soldier hovering over him, cupping his cheek gently.
They all got up, changing into casual clothes, a few weapons here and there, since they didn't know who they faced.
Tony crying as he held the lifeless figure, this man that Steve knew had hurt him, changed him, with no chance to make amends.
On the tip of his tongue, Tony thought about sarcastic comments. He settled for a glare, because this dance seemed so old.
He knew those eyes that glared at him, whiskey brown seared in his mind, but the rest of him was changed. It looked as if the arc reactor spread through him, his limbs a shining blue, his hair and fur a darker blue. The arc reactor still shown on his chest, but now, it melded with his skin seamlessly, no visable metal, no scars.
Steve punched the first Nobody that tried to slash them. Tony, still feeling disoriented from the sudden drop, shook his head.
“Hi,” he said quietly, not quite sure why the expression was being directed at him. Dagna, apparently sometimes able to have self-preservation skills despite the need to chatter as much as him, stayed silent.
“Ask auntie Aqua,” said Tony. “Can she have a keyblade? What's a keyblade anyway, other than something used to seal the doors to the worlds and such.”
For several seconds, they all just stared at each other, sitting in Tony's workshop. Not even FRIDAY spoke.
“I'm almost afraid what you'll teach them,” he whispered, sitting up just a little bit, despite protests from the genius in his arms.
The room stilled. He figured a few people, probably Pepper and Rhodey, glared at Steve, but Tony didn't look to check, only opening his eyes to stare.
“You can't please everyone,” said Steve, when Tony opened his mouth. “But you're doing the best you can, and I can't do anything for you, and I feel so helpless...”
It certainly began innocently enough. The Avengers sat, in various states of awake, eating breakfast. Or, in Tony's case, forced eating, while drinking as much coffee as possible without the others stealing it.
“Why do you even bother fighting?” Ade asked, studying the phoenix summon, before crushing it. Tony cried out, lunging up. The Heartless easily danced away, laughing. “I'll take your hearts, and use them to open the darkness to Kingdom Hearts.”
“In my world,” he continued, “you died. That...monstrosity in your chest...you never got that. The shrapnel killed you before you could stop it. But now that I'm here, I will make you into something better, something stronger.”
“Demons again?” she asked. He didn't always tell her what he saw, but often she could figure it out. In a way, they had the same fears.
Tony supposed it made sense that Danarius wasn't the only mage out there to try injecting lyrium into flesh. Shifting just a little, his fingers traced a rune of strength on Steve's wrist. The lyrium sang to him, stronger now that he touched it.
“You are untrained, and newly awakened, therefore you have not learned any spells.” Ramuh held up what seemed to be a crystal, almost clear, except for what appeared to be lightening striking inside of it. “This is a summoning crystal. Each true esper can give this crystal, to summon us in a time of need, for just a moment, to strike your foes. In this is the knowledge of certain spells that I can teach, some more difficult than others. When you, or your teammates, carries this, you will be able to slowly learn the spells.”
“I've never felt so useless before, maybe not even before the serum. At least I could hold a gun, then.”
Natasha finally let go of his arm, and wandered to the restroom. He knew that she probably went hunting for the first aide kit. Vision stayed near the door.
“I said no. You know what? My whole damn life has been a huge shit show in front of the media, so for once in my life, I'm not going to let anyone know what happened there, except my family. And you are not my family, Fury.”
“Anthony,” said the Commander. “I'm not here to arrest you. I'm here to...” He shook his head, and sighed. “I did say this might not end well, Cassandra.”
And yet...was he not the 'man out of time,' altered by a serum, surrounded by a super hero team? Perhaps nothing should sound out of the ordinary any longer...
Sometimes, they would give silly little plays, sometimes, they'd fight with wooden swords, but sometimes, they remained silent, curled up together, as Maria sang to them, trying to sooth their pains.
He fell again, and this time, it was onto a platform, the floor a mosaic in the shape of Tony's arc reactor.
After the man left, Edax stood up, striding to a door. His pet Nobody, a creature in the shape of a white lion, followed him down the hallways. He entered the freezing room, carefully making his way to the figure in the center, encased in ice.
Steve tossed him onto the bed. Tony yelped, then glared again. Smirking, Steve crawled onto the bed, and Tony's eyes widened. It really was like watching a tiger stalk its prey, and Tony really wasn't certain he enjoyed being the deer.
She looked at the piece of paper with the scribbled address, then looked up, before looking back at the crowd of fans, foes, and media from both sides.
Steve moved to the couch to deposit Tony, but the man held on tighter. “Don't,” whispered Tony. “Please...”
He did blink when Bucky punched Steve squarely in the arm, definitely not pulling the punch, if the stagger and wince were any indication.
Tony shuddered, words of his own torture echoing in his head again. “No...not entirely uncalled for.”
With a sigh, he made his way back, watching the waves. He considered sitting, but decided to stand for a few minutes, or else he would fall asleep.
She doesn't remember crying much, because when you live on the streets, there's no time to let tears blur your vision.
“No, the point is that I'm going with you, wherever you go. You and I stay a team, no matter where we're going, no matter what worlds...”
“You're crazy,” said Tony, smirking a little. “You really think I have anything? You can't take what I don't have.”
“Well, I did have an idea,” said Axel. “Which involves sneaking into Castle Oblivion and hacking into their system.”
Stane continued to laugh. “Poor Anthony. How long will it take you to realize nobody cares about you. They all want something from you, your body or your mind.”
They all sparred, practicing for whatever mystery would await in the village. They hoped some of the locals would give them some idea of what was going on, and continue from there.
This woke him up just a bit, just because the comment seemed so strange. He blinked, sitting up, groaning as his body protested the movement.
For just a split of a second, Tony nearly said something he would regret, but managed to stop himself in time. His teeth clicked as he shut his mouth, and nodded, once.
Tony glanced at Natasha, who shook her head. She didn't know what this man talked about either. True, at the very beginning, they both wanted to know where they came from, but as they grew older, understood that they were unwanted, the desire drained away. If they had family, and they didn't care to find them, what did it matter to look? They had each other...
He dodged, but barely. And he wasn't sure what exactly he fought. It seemed almost like a vision caught from the corner of the eye, just a quick turn, and gone. He opened his mouth, to call for help, to call for anyway...
“He does have a point, though,” said Tony, watching the other two squabble. “Sometimes my experiments do get out of hand.”
Solas nodded. “I was one of the first to find the Inquisitor, and have helped him since the beginning of this war.”
One thing that Tony didn't miss about being a mage were the lovelies he attracted when he slept. One demon that latched onto him like a damned leech, always loved to torment him with his worst fears since childhood.
The Heartless waited, arms crossed, floating just a bit above the floor. Unlike Edax, his hair was a buzz cut, and the uniform contained what seemed like an altered heart, the end separated into three points, and an x in the middle.
“Please excuse our other guests,” said Leliana. “We will introduce them in a bit. First, I wish to outline why we have asked you here.
“I don't know,” said Tony, rubbing his temples. “Flying around shooting things with my tech is one thing, and slinging magic around when I couldn't before is another.”
“I think we have all made mistakes to atone for,” said one of the elves, his soft tenor drawing their focus, hands firmly clasped behind his back. His hair was a dark reddish brow caressing his shoulder, and hazel eyes studied them both. His vallaslin was just a few shades lighter than his skin. He wasn't carrying any weapons, but Natasha wasn't certain what he would wield. She thought maybe he had a knife in a sleeve...
Natasha herself had almost had a heart attack at that point. Who the bloody hell made an enchantment so quick that worked, anyway?
The other person, hammering away at a knife, merely grunted in what could have been a greeting. Natasha immediately liked him.
Oh, how stupid. How could he think a simple smile could mean anything special? He always hoped too much of people, and let them crush those tiny dreams.
They continued moving for a while, silently. He looked over the edge, and for just a moment saw Steve looking up at them,  smile stretching across his face.
“Nat's down,” he said, as they walked quickly. “Apparently she decided to get a cheeseburger with Steve.”
They rose together and began to run, dancing apart to attack the hoard, then moving back together, always forward.
Steve's hands tightened on the bars, and despite the warning growls, he pulled, twisting the metal, and yanking the cell open.
Tony shook his head, trying to clear his mind from his ideas for a moment. He'd get Harritt and Dagna to help out, or at least he hoped they'd help him.
“I don't think we have much time left,” said Steve, even as they heard the explosion from somewhere down the building.
He closed his eyes, for just a moment. He could still feel the shield, but when he opened his eyes again, darkness surrounded him.
Yet, as Steve kissed his hand, gently, he thought that maybe the future wouldn't be so bad after all, now that he had this...
The hint of a smile returned to her lips. “I've heard about you, and your skills with runes. You may be young, but you aren't stupid, either.”
Steve shook his head. “No...he's probably just sulking. We just had a bit of a tussle, and he was fine. Waved me off and everything...”
“Did I hear my name?” asked Bruce, walking in, carrying a large pot. He took a few deep breaths as he looked at the girls and Tony, but remained calm. Clint and Natasha rose as one, going to the kitchen as well, and swiftly bringing bowls and spoons for everyone.
“I feel a headache coming along,” mumbled Tony, reaching for another donut. “It's bad enough that I'm now...whatever I am. Now you're talking about Inbetweens...”
“It's part of my charm, darling,” said Axel, with a wink. A keyblade appeared in his hand, red, like fire, pointed at the very end, like flames, and circling around the guard.
“Steve, please, and the point was that even if I don't agree with you, we can still talk about these things. I don't understand how after everything that happened you would want the Circles, but what Bucky said was entirely uncalled for.”
Right. The blood choke. SHIELD had trained the team a few years back in simple self-defense, and this had been one of the maneuvers they had been taught. Gritting his teeth, Steve wrapped his arms carefully around the woman and tightened his hold. He counted to ten seconds as he held onto the still squirming woman. He felt her body slump at ten, and Steve gently released her, laying her on the ground next to the tower.
“Always a drama queen, Stark,” Natasha rolled her eyes, calmly sitting in a stool next to Tony. “Killian was in the basement in a meeting with the rest of his agents. We had the element of surprise against them.”
“Wow, that sucks,” Tony frowned, thinking about how Pepper and Rhodey had at least stopped to talk to him for a few seconds.
That was when it clicked. “Extremis! That’s it!” Steve slapped his hand down on the table, startling Tony.
“Ah, scaring a best friend is definitely a good reason,” Tony closed his eyes as Darcy finished darkening his eyes.
“Oh, but it is, Steve. And now you’re going to pay,” Tony growled as he forced Steve’s right hand into the gauntlet.
He reached to swing the lid of the box shut, but his hand slipped and the wooden lid whacked him on the head for the twelfth time that night.
“Wait, I’m done?” Tony asked, reaching for the mirror on the table before them. He peered into the mirror. A deathly white face with a sickly red grin and splattered blood spots stared back at him.
“Really?” Tony blinked owlishly at Steve. “You’d want to come and listen to me talk about nanoparticles and alloys and shit?”
Darcy snorted, shaking her head at him. “Not quite, but I try,” She dipped the sponge in the face paint again, now starting to cover the left side of his face. “It unfortunately doesn’t pay the bills, so I’m here getting a political science degree. But I’m currently drowning in my physics classes, so that’s super great.”
“Thanks for that, and yeah, I’m ready to get outta here,” replied Tony, still trying to mentally process how close they had just been. Steve had barely held him for more than a few seconds, but the feeling of those strong arms wrapped around him sent all kinds of desires loose in Tony’s mind.
“Oh shut up, otherwise I’ll draw a big dick on your face and let you go out like that,” Darcy shot back at him goodnaturedly.
“I’ll definitely do that,” Steve put his phone back in his pocket, as his smile grew wider. “The least I could do for a friend.”
“Steve, darling, I had hopes we would meet again,” Tony grinned at Steve, reaching towards him with his left arm.
Steve sucked in a breath at the sight. It was almost an exact replica of his Tony’s workshop. A hand on his arm brought him out of his nostalgic ache.
“Steve?” Pepper’s voice snapped him out of his thoughts. The widow looked up at Steve, her eyes searching his face. “Are you okay?”
“We have a man of another time with us! Welcome, good Captain!” Thor enthusiastically hugged Steve, much to the chagrin of the rest of the team.
Steve opened his mouth to object and then seemed to think better of it. He cleared his throat before restarting, “I was just wondering...because it seems like we haven’t really hung out, but we, uh, seem interested in each other’s projects and…stuff. I was just,” Steve sighed, before running a hand through his hair again.
The kiss seemed all too short, and Steve regretted the loss of contact, missing the way Tony’s lips tasted like a delicate mixture of coffee and mint.
“Same,” Tony glanced at the door. Couldn’t they get on to the walk through already? So that he and Steve could actually have something to talk about? Because this conversation was more awkward than that time Rhodey had to call the fire department to saw a chair off from around his head. Which was a long story.
Tony warily raises his head from the back of the chair, looking at the floor in disinterest. “Glass breaks.”
“Honestly same. I’m up to 4am studying like every night,” Darcy sympathized. “You don’t mind that I gave you a Joker-like grin, do you?” She asked, abruptly changing the subject.
“How—I, what?” Steve stumbled over his words. There was no way the shield could be in his hands now. It was supposed to be encased in ice, somewhere God knew where.
Steve numbly carried Tony across the battlefield, following the others to a helicopter that had appeared among the wreckage. Nick Fury stood outside the helicopter, his hands clasped together, a solemn look on his face. Steve silently boarded the helicopter behind Pepper. He held Tony throughout the helicopter flight. Holding the lover he would never have.
Raising his bleary eyes, Steve saw he was in a bedroom of some sort. He was pushed against a wall, opposite a closed door. An unslept-in bed was to his left, and nothing other than a gray wall was to his right. The lights in the room were on, and Steve once again wished they could be turned down somewhat. But, where the hell was he? Tony hadn’t sent him to another dimension just to be kidnapped, or whatever this was. Did he? “Tony?” Steve croaked out, his voice hoarse. Silence. “Tony? Anybo-dy?” Steve’s voice cracked on the last syllable, a reminder that he was dehydrated and exhausted. Steve strained his ears, trying to listen for a sound, any sound whatsoever.
Which is why he now found himself sitting in a chair about to get his makeup done for a haunted house event.
Rhodes reaches the small lamp and pauses before deciding to leave it on. “Good night, Tony,” he whispers and slowly continues down the hall.
“Ungh!” Steve grunts, staggering back, clutching his now heavily bleeding nose. “Wha—” Steve was cut off by another violent blow to his stomach.
“Yeah, okay, got it, no problem,” Rhodey stammered. “Damn, I think she should be the main attraction or something, that was scary.” Rhodey whispered to Pepper as they hurried out of the room without a backward glance at Tony.
Steve rushed to her, yanking her away from the wall. She squirmed violently in his arms as he tried to wake her out of her hallucination. “Bruce! What do I do? She won’t wake!” Steve struggled to hold onto the woman.
“Going straight for it, okay. Well, Carol, or Captain Marvel took care of Thanos for us. She got to him before he even got half the infinity stones, so no worries there. Bucky Barnes was the Winter Soldier, and we had to do some heavy recovery services with him. Luckily he didn’t cause too much damage,” Tony swallowed, fixing his gaze on the marble kitchen counter. “Well, damage to us physically. He did kill my parents, and that hurt like a bitch to find out, but it’s been sorted out. He’s doing some missions for SHIELD with Falcon, or Sam.”
“With the way you’re doting over him, I’m pretty sure three of those titles apply,” Clint smirked, raising an eyebrow.Steve felt his cheeks heat up once more as he realized what Clint was implying.
“Wow, thank you, seriously. That means a lot to me, Tony. I really appreciate your support,” Steve beamed at him, seemingly unperturbed by Tony’s mini-rant. “If you’ve got any presentations or anything, I’d love to come and support you too.” Steve told him, sincerity radiating from his words.
“Uh, you’re welcome? I guess?” Tony stuttered, his stomach flip flopping. This was not how this was supposed to go. Tony was supposed to be suave and cool and nope, here he was being blindsided by Steve.
“If you’re all done gaping at Steve, I’ve got other people that need their makeup done, buddy,” Darcy interrupted, lightly pushing Tony out of the chair.
“Fuck,” Tony hissed, rubbing his sore head. Whoever thought it would be a good idea to stuff a student in a wooden box with no padding was a knucklehead. A total numbskull. Someone that Tony was going to have to take up a fight with because this was just cruel.
Steve flinched at the familiar nickname but calmly interrupted the man’s rambling. “Tony, it’s fine. Honestly, I don’t mind saying I’m from a different dimension. It’s best to just tell the truth. I’m just grateful you’re here and that you trust me, I know this isn’t an easy situation to accept,” Steve warmly smiled at the man standing across from him.
“Yeah, no! I’m perfectly happy where I am. Suck it up, Stark,” Clint waggled his tongue at Tony. How he had stayed in that pretzel position was beyond Tony because he could barely handle crouching in a box.
“None taken, I kind of enjoy surprising people like that. Weird, I know,” Tony shook his head, tapping his foot against the chair as Darcy started outlining his lips with a red makeup pencil. “Benefits of having parents who let you get your bachelor’s degree while getting your high school diploma at the same time.”
“Tony.” Rhodey barks out, narrowing his eyes at his friend. “You know damn well you’re not fooling me or yourself. Sit back down and talk to me.”
When Steve opened his eyes again, Tony was standing before him. His Tony. The burns from using the gauntlet were present on his face, and his right arm was similarly charred, but he was still smiling.
“AIEEE!” a scream cut through the air, and Steve jerked around to see a woman slam her hand into the concrete wall of the tower. “GET OFF! GET OFF! GET OFF!” she screamed, her hand making a sick crunch as she repeatedly pummeled the wall.
“And I’ve decided I can’t stand looking at your pathetic self struggling to get the lid open anymore,” Natasha crossed her arms. “You and Steve can go now, seven minutes isn’t going to make that big of a difference.”
A blinding white light filled the room, and Steve shut his eyes tightly, clutching the small wristband in his hand. A loud ringing sound filled his ears, and Steve felt as if he was being pulled apart in every direction. He gritted his teeth together, wishing he could escape the searing pain. “AGGHHH!” Steve screamed as he felt a particularly harsh jolt of pain tear through him. It was too much, was it meant to be this painful? Steve felt like his brain was short-circuiting and his bones were melting, the pain was so extreme. The darkness that inevitably fell over him was just a small act of mercy, and Steve succumbed to unconsciousness with the loud ringing sound still echoing around him.
Steve nodded and patted Tony’s arm, indicating that he was ready to be lifted. “I hope so too,” Steve breaths, feeling the ground vanish beneath his feet as Tony flew him to a rooftop.
“Okay, yeah, that works. Good thinking. Well, here’s a nice turkey sandwich, since I’m pretty sure Clint ate all the ham,” Tony shrugged apologetically, plopping into the seat next to Steve. “So, now I’m your man. Ask all the questions you want, Steve-o.”
“Sounds like a swell guy,” joked Tony, wrapping his coat tighter around himself. It really was way colder than it should be this time of year.
“Well, I’m willing to bet you have more of an understanding of what I actually need, so I think I’ll just let you take the reins,” Steve grinned at the engineer.
“Well, since I’m the only person here right now, I guess it’s my job to stick with you,” Tony replied, turning around and walking towards the door. Steve stiffly rose from the chair and followed the shorter man out the door.
Steve sat, speechless. Of all the things he expected Tony to say, this was more than he could’ve ever hoped for. “You mean it?” Steve asked, his heart thrumming wildly in his chest.
“Yes, Anthony. I will do that,” Thor nodded solemnly, holding the now unconscious sorceress. He must have knocked her out as soon as Tony snatched the necklace off her, which was probably for the better.
“Trust me, buddy, he’s the real deal. I saw the serum in action first-hand,” Tony assured Bruce. “No worries there. Now he knows all of you, so we can skip introductions and get to the meat of things. Tell me what happened with Killian, the suspense is killing me.”
“And that’s why you need to talk things out,” Rhodes promptly answers, unfazed by Tony’s agitation. “It’s basic instinct to protect your best friend. You’d protect me, too.”
When he saw the Facebook post advertising that MIT’s annual haunted house needed scare actors, naturally he had immediately signed up. Because Halloween was his
“Rhodey?” Tony asked, raising his eyebrows. He had totally forgotten that Pepper and Rhodey had plans to check out the haunted house.
Steve watched his best friend as he walked away, a strange mix of happiness and loss swirling within him. James Buchanan Barnes had always been smart; it wasn’t a surprise that he had figured it all out before Steve could open his mouth. Bucky was more than his best friend, he was his brother.
“Because Steve has better things to do than listen to you,” Darcy sarcastically told him as she began mixing facepaints.
Steve woke up with a pounding in his head and stiffness in his limbs. He groaned, reaching to rub his still closed eyes, but abruptly stopped when his arms refused to obey. What on Earth? Steve reluctantly cracked open his eyes, squinting against a bright light. Glancing down, he saw he still had his suit from the funeral on, and he was sitting on an uncomfortable wooden chair. His legs were bound together with a rope, and his hands were handcuffed together behind the chair. Well, at least that explained why he couldn’t lift his arms.
Tony had been cursing his dumb luck, and Steve, good, kindhearted Steve, had said, “I’m sure it will work out better next time!”
“No, but you’ve never encountered Thanos? Or what about Bucky?” Steve couldn’t help pestering Tony with questions. Just how different was this dimension?
“Damn. I’d brag about it tons if I were you,” Darcy nodded. “But I seriously might take you up on that study offer.”
“Oh fuck you, bird-brain,” Tony huffed, rubbing his head where the box had slammed so many times. It was a miracle he didn’t have a concussion already. But, then again, would he necessarily know if he did? He was beyond exhausted.
Steve racked his brains for his most recent memory, but all he could remember was Tony snapping his fingers and dying before his eyes only a few minutes later.
“We’ll get you out after this group,” Natasha told him, and she gently pushed him back inside the box.
In any case, Steve was now sitting next to him, about to get scare actor makeup painted on his face. This was Tony’s big chance. Where he could dazzle Steve with his dashing looks and witty remarks. However, considering he currently looked like a crazed clown, maybe he would have to rely on the witty remarks only.
“Hurry up!” Natasha told him, grabbing his right leg and trying to swing it over the box. Which should have helped, but Tony lost his grip on the side on the side of the box and ended up slamming his back against a corner of the box.
So, how’s life been for you?” Tony asked while mentally smacking himself for that dumb question. Suave, Stark, Suave, he reminded himself.
“So why did he leave just one member of his team the gift of interdimensional travel?” The engineer raised his eyebrow, his lips pursing.
The group walked to the next room and Tony sighed. “Okay, someone, please get me out of here, I’m fucking done with this.”
“Looking dead’s better than looking like a manic clown, trust me,” Tony leaned over to say. “But hey, how’d you hear about this, Steve? If anything, I would think you’d be one of the makeup artists, y’know being an art major and all.”
“AIEIEIEIEEEE!” And there it was, that ridiculous sound. Tony weakly pushed open the lid and screamed at the people in front of him.
“All the time, just a talent of mine,” Jane grinned. “Now let me go coax that guy into joining the makeup party.”
“Sounds good, Tony” Bruce nodded, rolling up his sleeves and shifting his hold on the small medical bag he was carrying.
“You ruined my life, you son of a bitch! You took away my chance at life with Morgan and Pepper you selfish bastard,” Tony hissed, his lips curling in disgust, a repulsor gauntlet suddenly on his good hand. The familiar whine of the repulsor alerted Steve, but he was too slow to escape the full energy repulsor blast aimed at his stomach.
“Oh you know, anything from red carpet events to broadway actor makeup,” Darcy nonchalantly told him, tilting his head to the right as she worked on painting his face.
Steve let a raspy laugh escape his lips. “It sure has been hard. I was at your funeral this morning, and that’s when Pepper and Happy gave me this box that you—” Steve stopped to correct himself. “Sorry, you just look exactly like him. My Tony had left a box for me. He gave me a chance to either travel back to my time or go be with you in an alternate dimension. Which is how I ended up here. He said Captain America was never found in the ice here, so I thought it was worth a shot.”
An hour and a half later, and Tony was beyond miserable. Strike that about this being a decent station, it was a decent station for probably everyone
“A magic flower?” Thor questioned, tilting his head. “We have many on Asgard with the capabilities of taking over Midgardians’ minds. This flower would be best returned to Asgard.”
“It never is with you,” Rhodes taps his fingers against the handrest of his chair and purses his lips. “Communication is where you both went wrong, and now you’re avoiding the very thing that could work it all out.”
It seemed to be a decent station, as far as Tony was concerned. He and Steve had been paired with Clint and Natasha for the “haunted circus playground” station.
“Ready to go, Steve?” Happy asked Steve suddenly. Steve nodded, giving Morgan a final smile as he stood up to follow Happy into the house. What would Tony’s video say?
“Tony! It’s nice to see you,” Steve warmly replied, turning his head to smile at Tony. “Your makeup looks very spooky.” Steve awkwardly added.
The box was wooden, with little gaps in the wood so that he could both breathe and see outside the box. But nobody would know he was in the wooden box. His job was to fling open the lid of the box and scream at people coming by. Which, Thor assured him, would be very scary since he also looked horrifying.
“Thanks, but not as cool as your art galleries. I’ve seen your work, it’s fucking amazing,” Tony truthfully told Steve.
Oh great. Now Steve was going to pick him up like some weak cat out of a basket. This was more embarrassing than the high school evacuation. Steve must think of Tony as entirely pathetic. But no time for sulking over that because Steve was literally about to lift him.
“You’ve got five seconds to begin explaining how and why the fuck you materialized into my workshop before I blow a hole through your chest,” Tony snarled, his normally warm brown eyes hardening at Steve. “And an explanation as to how you know my name. Start talking, buttercup.”
“Seriously.” Darcy rolled her eyes. “That would have been a lifesaver. But don’t worry, I’ve got it down now, so you don’t have to worry about getting fake blood in your eyeballs.”
The magic struck Steve in the chest at the same time Tony ripped the necklace off her, but all Steve could process was the sudden throbbing pain in his chest and the way black spots were suddenly appearing before his eyes. He slumped to the ground when the chest pain spiked, the air leaving his lungs with the force of his fall.
does he know your name?” Bruce pursed his mouth, clearly trying to come up with multiple theories as to how Steve came to be in their kitchen.
“And you’re Tony,” Jane replied. “Don’t mind me, but I’ve just been listening in on your guys’ conversation since I had nobody’s makeup to work on.
Right before the funeral began, he had stood and watched Tony’s last video message to his family and closest friends. Seeing Tony alive and so optimistic about the time travel journey was heart wrenching. Tony’s last words, “I love you 3000,” had painfully reminded Steve about the wife and daughter Tony had left behind.
The only problem was that Steve and Tony had almost never talked, save for the time Tony had caused an evacuation in his high school thanks to a lab experiment gone wrong. He had happened to run into Steve during the evacuation, which was just fantastically mortifying.
As flimsy as the cover story may have sounded, the press conferences went flawlessly and the public bought the story. After all, stranger things had happened besides an old war hero being found in ice.
The glass shards continue into the next room, this time on white carpet. Amber liquid pools around the surrounding glass, staining the otherwise pristine carpet.
The pain was like nothing Steve had ever felt before, and he screamed as his stomach burned and white-hot agony engulfed him. What on Earth was Tony doing?
“Oh thank God, thank you, finally someone has mercy on my poor soul,” rambled Tony as he struggled to lift himself out of the box. However, after all the constant strain on his muscles of jumping and crouching, his strength was gone. He awkwardly tried to lift his left leg over the side of the box, but nope, he had zero strength left to swing his other leg over.
Clint was a fucking contortionist and could balance precariously in a pretzel shape on the top of a small tower of boxes they had. Which was fucking creepy once they turned off the lights and Clint just stared down at people and laughed manically.
“Darling, you know me so well already,” Tony replied and huddled closer to Steve as they continued walking back to the dorm.
“You say that as if it was me who miscommunicated,” Tony leans forward in his chair and drops his voice to a low whisper. “It was all on
“Seriously? I did not know that,” Tony shook his head. “And here I like to think of myself as observant.”
Steve saw where this was heading, but still answered truthfully. “Yes, he had the main Avengers. That’s Bruce, Nat, Thor, Clint, me. Well, it was, but Nat, sh-she died getting one of the infinity stones. But we also had others like Scott, T’Challa, Wanda. There were many.”
It’s the clothes Tony wore whenever he was in his workshop. The very outfit he wore countless times when multiple Avengers used to live with them. Signs of a different time.
“Is this a code green?” Bruce spoke up. Steve grimaced. Bruce in this world had not yet combined the Hulk and himself, so there was no telling what damage the Hulk could do.
“I’m sorry I was so rough with you, I didn’t know who you were at first,” Tony lifted one side of his lips in a small smile. “But now as I look at you, I realize I was pretty blind not to recognize Captain America. You look pretty much the same, and when you’re ready, I’d love to hear what you meant about being found in ice.”
“Of course, you’re brilliant, Tony, I’d definitely enjoy seeing what you’re up to,” Steve replied, running a hand through his hair again.
“Actually, you’d be surprised,” Darcy laughed. “I actually often get hired to do makeup for events.”
“Right, well, uh, I, well, actually, it’s you! You’re both how and why I’m, uh, here,” Steve grimaced at his poor explanation. “You actually...died in the dimension I’m from—”
“Of course,” Tony answered. “It’s not every day Captain America materializes in your workshop and declared his undying love for you.” Tony joked, lightening the mood.
“You’re getting your doctorate? Fuck, you look like you’re barely a freshman!” Darcy goggled at him, pausing temporarily with his makeup. “No offense.” Darcy hastily added.
Tony shakes his head quickly, plastering an unbothered smile on his face. “I’m absolutely fine, Rhodey, trust me. Honestly,” he runs a shaky hand through his hair and forces a sharp laugh. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
“We’ve discussed this already, Tony. It still doesn’t explain why you don’t pick up the damn flip phone he sent and call him.” Rhodes gently tells his friend, scanning the floor once more. “Why you went after all our glassware though, that’s a mystery I’d like answered.”
Morgan looked up at Steve, her brown eyes fixed intently on him. Steve crouched down in front of her. “Your dad was the best man I have ever known, and he loved you very much,” Steve told her, trying to keep his voice from wobbling.
After Thor left to go down to the pool, Tony steered Steve to the elevator. “Here, I’m sure you’ll enjoy this, and I’m interested to see what I can design for you now that you’re on the team, and oh Fury’s gonna be so pissed he wasn’t told first, but whatever Mr. One-Eye can suck my—”
“Of course you can’t see him. There’s only like ten people getting their makeup done around us, and he’s all the way on the other side of the room. And, oh yeah, you’re sitting down?” Darcy huffed at him. “Anyway, hold your horses, the dude is gonna be getting his makeup done right next to you.”
“It seems that people are waking up, but those hit more recently by the rays are taking longer to snap out of it. We’re just monitoring to make sure everyone is waking up safely. There’s not many still in the haze, though,” Natasha calmly reported.
“Sorceress contained! Sorceress contained!” Tony called over the comms, and Steve tried to respond, but the pain in his chest was paralyzing him. He felt like he can’t breath, and this is just like when he was small and he had asthma attacks. He struggled to get air into his lungs, but the tightness in his chest only worsened.
Bruce’s voice came over the comms a split second later, and a quick glance up let Steve know that the rest of the team had already disbursed to try to defuse the situation. “You have to render the person unconscious, the magic appears to be too strong for any other course of action.”
Steve cleared his throat before continuing. “He said he loved me, and he wanted to give me a chance to love him back,” and the tears that had been threatening to fall finally streamed down his face. “And I-I took that chance because I never got t-to tell him that I loved him too, and I sc-screwed everything up. He di-didn’t have to die!” Steve brokenly finished, his throat constricting as he wept. Silence followed his words, but Steve didn’t pay attention.
“Or more like nonexistent,” Clint muttered, but quickly closed his mouth when Tony shot him a glare.
The funeral was a beautiful affair; something Tony would have really appreciated. Steve stood watching the wreath drift across the lake, the ache in his heart intensifying with every passing second.
“I am under instructions to not speak to you unless the situation calls for immediate attention. Any questions can be directed to sir.”
“Guy also claims to have Maya Hansen, some chick I used to know, building some super soldier type serum for him. Said he’s gonna get back at me for never giving him a chance to pitch his ideas, but eh, just another unsatisfied former acquaintance,” Tony gulped down some coffee, his sandwich nearly finished.
Steve breathed a sigh of relief. His friend was safe, and Thanos was dead. Things could not be any better. “So where is everyone then?”
She laughed and nodded. “I can definitely do that,” She grabbed a sponge, dipped it in white face paint and began dabbing at his face. “So, what’s your name? I’m Darcy.”
The official cover story SHIELD had decided to equip him with was much the same as the one Steve had back in his world—he was frozen, and now, thanks to explorers, he was found.
“Hush! People are coming!” Natasha scolded him, a menacing edge to her voice. Tony shut his mouth, and waited for Clint’s shriek.
Steve opened the door and stepped out into the hallway. He quickly walked back outside to the grass where everyone still stood in small groups, most likely talking about Tony. He could have waited to say his own goodbyes. Hell, he could have waited ten years, and the devices would probably still have worked. Yet Steve felt a sort of urgency about the whole situation as if the sooner he used the wristband, the less a chance he would lose the opportunity. Irrational as that thought was, it didn’t stop Steve from asking Sam and Bucky to step aside and have a quick word with him.
The students reacted much the same way the previous group did, and Tony dropped down into the box once again. He was definitely going to look into horror movie auditions. Seriously.
“Better not. T’Challa would be pissed if I told him you lost a disk made of the most precious metal on Earth. But,” Tony cleared his throat, as if suddenly recalling the reason they were all gathered in the kitchen in the first place. “We’ve got a nasty sorceress outside who seems bent on mind controlling people to hallucinate their biggest regrets. People are going wild out there, reenacting their hallucinations, and the only way we can stop her is by apparently getting the necklace she’s wearing. Some magic flower is embedded in there, and that gives her her powers.”
Tony stood with the rest of the team. Which meant that he’d been slower in suiting up than the rest of them. Steve opened his mouth to voice an apology but he was cut off by Tony.
“I know,” Steve interrupted and then blushed. “That was a little fast, sorry. I just see you coming out of your room sometimes, and I live on the fourth floor too.”
Tony laughed, waving his hand nonchalantly. “Relax, Steve. Whoever it is doesn’t know I’m here. The press, and the rest of the world, thinks I’m in Malibu with Pepper. Aldrich Killian will not figure out for at least another day that I’m hiding out here. Besides, I’m almost certain SHIELD is overanalyzing this heavily. Killian is just a business guy who doesn’t like competition.”
“Titanic, right?” Steve piped up, hoping that he got the reference correctly. Any sense of normalcy he could achieve, even if it was checking his pop culture knowledge, was welcome.
Probably would have been useful to take the uniform with him since it wouldn’t fit Sam, but Steve had been in too much of a hurry to think of such things.
“Yeah, I’m sorry about just appearing out of seemingly nowhere. But don’t worry about punching me, I probably would have done the exact same thing.” Steve gave the engineer a nod of reassurance, because, had he been in Tony’s spot, he probably would have reacted more violently than Tony had.
“Not as interesting of a story as I thought it would be, capsicle. Oh well, I still get to boast that Captain America materialized in my tower,” he suddenly gasped. “Oh shit, I didn’t think about that! Do we just say you’re from another dimension or that you woke up in the ice or you’re a clone, or, wait, that last one didn’t even make much sense but I guess—”
Rhodes opens his mouth to comment, but Tony raises his hand in indignation. “He never even thought for a second that I deserved to know. Never considered me. Never considered anyone. Except for his damned
The hologram ended, and all that was left was the black box on the table. Steve sat there for a few seconds, feeling a torrent of emotions rush through him: gratitude, sadness, pain, unsureness, confusion. Tony had given him the opportunity of a lifetime. Why was it so hard to go through with the decision he had already made?
Steve's brain screamed at him, making the whole process infinitely more complicated than it should have been. However, common sense dictated that at least saying goodbye to Bucky and Sam was necessary. With that final thought, Steve picked up the small box. He had some goodbyes to say.
“No, no! Nothing’s wrong. Quite the opposite actually,” Steve ran a hand through his hair, chuckling. Now his friends were looking even more confused. Just great. Bucky’s gaze traveled down to the box Steve was carrying, and a look of understanding dawned on his face.
“Shut up, Stark. I don’t want to hear this right now.” Natasha rolled her eyes, pushing past them to head to the elevator.
“That was beyond exhausting,” Tony mumbled as Steve pushed open a door, leading them out into the chilly night air. “I love Halloween and all, but that was painful and a violation of Amendment Eight in my opinion.”
Steve Rogers, the guy who saved cats out of trees. Who was known as the friendliest guy on campus. Voted “kindest person” in high school (yes, Tony went to high school with him, so he would know). And a very talented art major.
“Heieieieeie! HEEIIEIEI!” Clint’s demonic laugh rang out as Tony heard people gasp. This was his cue.
Tony, on the other hand, seemed to have no problem introducing Steve. “Well you guys know the story of Captain America, right?” The other Avengers slowly nodded their heads. “Well, here he is!” Tony clapped his hands, as if concluding his explanation.
The Avengers alarm had gone off in the tower, indicating that a threat of some kind was occurring outside. Tony, who was the leader of the team in this world, had had JARVIS inform everyone that they had five minutes to suit up before they departed.
“Okay, nevermind,” Tony groaned. “Steve isn’t even paying attention.” He stuck out his lower lip in mock frustration as he looked at Darcy.
“His Tony isn’t alive anymore. They didn’t have Carol stop Thanos in his dimension. And his Tony decided it would be best if he came here. That’s all there is to it,” Tony narrowed his eyes before continuing. “And we’re keeping him. I don’t care what any of you say. He’s an Avenger there, so he’ll be one here too.”
Steve raised an eyebrow at Sam before speaking again. “Anyway, yes, I will be permanently transported to a different dimension, where I will hopefully find Tony and, uh,” Steve blushed. “I guess, if everything works out, live the rest of my life with him. Which is why I need to have someone I trust and believe in to take care of things in my absence.”
Tony nearly groaned out loud as he felt his knees and back protest with his resumed position back inside the box. One more time, one more time, Tony chanted to himself, as he waited for Clint’s yell.
Steve sank back into the pillows, his hand feeling warm in Tony’s. “Thank you, Tony,” Steve breathed and closed his eyes, fatigue sweeping over him once more.
Steve’s heart clenched painfully. A video? For him? Why? “Really? He...for me?” Steve stammered awkwardly.
10 pm could not come fast enough. He had thankfully signed up for only two hours instead of three, so he only had thirty minutes left of this torture.
“Yes, ma’am,” Tony rolled his eyes, reluctantly dropping into his enclosure. On the bright side, he only had ten minutes left.
He wordlessly took a step forward towards where Pepper was still holding Tony. “Pepper…” his voice cracked as he knelt next to her. She glanced up at him, her eyes filled with tears. She nodded, seeming to understand what Steve couldn’t find the strength to say. She stood, and Steve carefully picked Tony up.
“So, you got the Captain America uniform on under that suit?” Clint asked, changing the topic once again.
Pepper nodded in understanding. “We’ll be okay, Steve,” Pepper looked down at Morgan who was holding her hand next to her. “I promised him we would be okay, and we will be. Times will be hard, but everyone here, they are our family. We will be okay.” Pepper repeated, giving Steve a small smile. “He left a video for you, you know.”
Tony turned to Steve with a satisfied shrug. “Told you, it was no big deal. Sucks that your Tony was fucked over so hard with this situation.” Steve opened his mouth to respond to Tony, but no words came. There was nothing to deny, the threat was indeed taken care of, and this Tony hadn’t been wrong about the difference in the two dimensions regarding the virus.
Steve nodded, processing the information. “How’d you get me out?” He looked over at Tony, who sat hunched over next to his bed.
There are no lights on except for a small lamp behind the man. It casts a weak yellow glow across the table it sits on, but it does nothing to illuminate the man’s lightless view.
“Pepper, I-I, he was, well, I just, I’ll miss him a lot. He was my friend; he was my family here. I owe so much to him. But I should be the one asking you that question,” Steve ran a shaky hand through his hair.
A man sits in a wheelchair next to the lamp. Concern is etched across his tired face, and his frown seems to add years onto him.
Steve held the watch for a few seconds in his hand, his heart thudding. Just one press of a button, and Tony would be alive again. What on Earth was he waiting for? Steve took a few deep breaths, trying to calm himself.
“Pfff, I’m done with this. I’m like 98% sure there’s aliens or some crazy ass shit going on outside and you two are just gazing into each other’s eyes like that will magically instigate world peace.” Clint rolled his eyes, adjusting his grip on his bow.
Rhodes gently leans back in his wheelchair and looks up at the dark ceiling. “Do you have the phone?”
“Okay, wow, thanks for getting rid of the only entertainment I’ve had in like two hours,” grumbled Tony, leaning on the side of his box.
Rhodes rolls his wheelchair backwards slowly, trying to avoid the scattered glass. He knew it would be cleaned up in the morning, and the day would continue as if nothing happened. It was always the nights that hit the hardest.
The downside to all this was that Steve had barely had a minute of time alone with Tony. Tony had spent about a day making his suit, and that had been the last time Steve had been in one room alone with Tony. Steve knew Tony was a busy man, and his sudden appearance hadn’t done much besides add to Tony’s workload, but Steve wished that things would slow down.
Tony opened his mouth to respond, but he was cut off by the loud sound of voices. Steve turned his head to see the rest of the Avengers walk into the kitchen area. His fatigue must have worsened if he failed to hear a quinjet arrive.
“Wow, thank you, seriously,” Steve warmly smiled at Tony, holding his shield close to him. “I promise I won’t lose it.” Steve added, remembering how Tony would frequently chastise him about dropping or losing his shield during a battle.
“Relax. Honestly, I find it cool that you’re working on stuff that could cause something that drastic to occur, and,” Steve hesitated for a second before continuing. “That’s probably one of my most favorite high school memories just because it was so out of the norm.”
