8:22pm
“Well, if he wants to speak to this Supreme Entity, let’s give it to him,” Gabriel says. He gets back into the SUV and turns on the sirens. The rest of the team follows him. “Make sure you put on your sunglasses to look as official as possible.” Gabriel speeds up towards the stopped bus, leaving a trail of road dust in their wake. This should definitely get the unsub’s attention.
He wondered if Dean could tell that he was hesitant or if he happened to be feeling the same way about their situation, but whatever the reason, he lifted himself up onto his forearms and rolled over so that his weight was off of him.
He took a risk and said, “I can stay out here too if that’s okay with you.” He blushed slightly, hoping Blue wouldn’t object. It’d only been about two weeks since he was first kidnapped from his farm, but Dean didn’t know if he’d be physically able to sleep without Blue’s warm, comforting presence next to him, and that was all kinds of fucked up.
Abaddon stared at him like he had lizards crawling out of his eyes. He felt Castiel put his arm around his shoulders. “Ignore him,” he said. “It’s his first event.” Dean shook Cas’s arm off of him in annoyance. He didn't like them acting like he was stupid.
Raucous laughter erupted from the table on the complete opposite side of the room from Castiel’s. Dean looked over in that direction and saw a few friendly-looking guys all joking around and laughing at each other. His feet moved in that direction before he gave them permission. He felt like he was giving up, and he hated being a quitter, but at least he was likely to have some fun with this group.
“That gives us only eleven hours to get to the Pikes' house, work on victimology, and prepare Senator Pike for the ransom drop,” Gabriel says. They all exchange worried looks. That’s a pretty thin timeline to work with. "Thankfully even though the Senator is from Georgia, since Congress is in session he's staying at his house in Washington. We can drive there pretty quickly."
Though Castiel didn't regret giving Anna his signature navy cap for a second, he realized he missed having one. He ended up buying all of the boys matching embroidered caps to wear. His was navy with a C. Crowley’s was dark crimson with a C. Gabe’s was forest green with a G, and Balthazar’s was dark purple with a B. He'd used everyone’s favorite colors.
The referee came over and started to count. By this point the entire crowd was on their feet cheering. He lifted her arm up in the air to signal that she was the winner, and the crowd got even louder. The red-headed girl smiled and bowed before skipping off the stage. Dean looked down into the crowd and saw a group of male raiders holding up signs asking her to marry them. This couldn't get any weirder.
“I’m Balthazar,” The other boy responded, his cheeks a bit redder than they were before. Dean wasn't sure if he was attracted to this boy, but it did feel nice being able to try flirting with someone when he knew he wasn’t in danger of getting punched out.
“What’s wrong?” Castiel dropped onto the ground.
~ * ~
The man does as she says, and as soon as the door is open Jo grabs his wrist and forcibly pulls him out of the car before spinning him around and taking him to the ground so she can restrain him. Castiel barely has time to be impressed at how Jo is able to handle herself so well even though she’s relatively tiny because the guy who is on the ground is not Keith Jesperson.
Castiel spent all night wondering if he’d been too harsh on Crowley. In their entire lives he’s only seen Crowley cry like that twice: once when he broke his ankle skiing one year in Vermont, and the second time when he’d found out his grandmother died. Castiel keeps reminding himself that Crowley started all of this, and there’s no telling what he’s going to do now that he’s been this humiliated. He is tired of all of the fighting. He wants it to stop but doesn’t know if that’s possible anymore.
Castiel had no idea what he meant, but he knew that was a line of bullshit. It was probably something he’d been telling himself for years so he had an excuse not to let himself get close to anyone.
“Rolston,” he responds quietly.
Charlie gasps, “His signature! If Jackson got bomb-making ideas from Gadreel, maybe he’s also copying Gadreel’s method of staying away from the cops.”
“You hanging in there?” Bobby asks, turning around to look back at him.
Castiel nodded. “Why?”
Dean hands it over to him, “Go ahead.”
“I wouldn’t do that,” Castiel warns. “If you shoot her, you’ve lost your leverage. You should point the gun at me instead.” He can see Jo moving around to the side of one of the cargo containers and out of view of Jesperson. She doesn’t have a clear shot on him though. Castiel needs to get him to drop the girl. “Shoot me instead,” he says. “Wide open target here!” Castiel spreads his arms out, lowering his gun.
, Dean thought to himself. This was the moment he got kicked out and had to figure out how to survive in the forest. After what felt like an eternity but was probably only a minute or two, the man sighed again and held out his hand.
“Fuck, Dean,” Blue groaned against his neck. “You make such pretty noises for me.” Dean should complain about any part of him being called ‘pretty,’ but it actually turned him on even more for some reason. He lifted his other leg and wrapped them both around Blue’s back, forcing them even closer together. Blue picked up his pace, and Dean feels himself growing closer and closer to the edge of something. He wasn't sure what was happening, but he was harder than he’d ever been before. He just needed one more push. His hands started pulling at Blue’s clothes, desperately needing to feel some of his skin to help push him over the edge. He was so close now.
“Hi, D,” she whispers conspiratorially. It had taken weeks of practice to get her to understand that she wouldn’t be allowed to call him ‘Dean’ outside of Purgatory. They’d settled on ‘D’ because it still made her feel special that she could call him by a name nobody else did, but it didn’t give away his secret.
He spent the rest of the day talking to various people and trying to make replacement friends. He felt like a politician desperate for votes. By the end of the day his cheeks hurt from all of his fake smiling. He knew he could get through the year with these people if he had to. He’d have people to sit with during lunch or go to the movies with on the weekends, but it wouldn't be the same. He was out of his usual comfort zone, and he hated it. He hated how his voice sounded when he talked to everyone. He wanted to strangle himself every time he heard that fake laugh come out of his mouth. Nothing felt familiar. He missed how comfortable he felt with Crowley, Gabriel, and Balthazar. He missed not having to worry about how he interacted with them. Now he was analyzing and worrying about everything that came out of his mouth. It’d only been half a day, and he was exhausted.
Dean steps forward to watch what happens on the screen. He figures everyone else will be too busy to notice that he’s rejoined the group. He sees Andrew May walk towards Sam slowly with his gun raised. The man must not notice, because he’s so focused on Sam, but as he passes the seat Jo is handcuffed to, she sticks her leg out to trip him. That gives Sam the opportunity to knock the man’s gun out of his hands. It flies through the air for a moment, and then Jo is able to grab it and fire off one shot. It hits Andrew May in the stomach, and he falls down.
He shouldn’t feel bad though. His orders were to tell her where to go and when. It’s not his job to comfort her. She holds his gaze through the window, and eventually he has to turn away. He can’t do this. Not after what happened last time. He can’t form attachments.
“Do you know what you look like right now?” Dean’s referring to the metal headgear that’s wrapped around Garth’s head and connected to his upper molars. It looks like he’d decorated his new contraption too. There are tiny refrigerator magnets and blinking lights lining the wire.
“Current mission is halted,” she said. “New mission initiated to complete Impala67’s previous mission. Do you understand?”
“Stop!” Andrew May yells. He raises the gun towards Sam. “Turn it on.” How is he supposed to turn this useless walkie-talkie chip on? He has to think quickly on his feet or this is going to end really badly. “Turn it on or I shoot!”
He opens the door and takes in the worried expression on her face. “I had another nightmare,” Castiel explains. “I didn’t want to wake you.”
He stays on the line while they wait for Gadreel to open up the email. When he does, Charlie says “Yahtzee!” Sam smiles because she got that saying from Dean. “Wow, you were right about this guy. Looks like he spends most of his time searching for porn,” she says. After a few more minutes of monitoring Gadreel’s activity she speaks up again, “Hang on, he’s posting to a forum on a website called Anarchist’s Alphabet. It looks like a website for bomb enthusiasts and pyromaniacs.”
“If you want to, you can come over to my house after school tomorrow, and we can study together,” Castiel says and is surprised to hear the words come out of his mouth. Dean looks just as surprised to hear them. “You know, so our dads keep thinking we’re friends.” Dean looks upset for a second, but then quickly schools his expression into a smile. This time it doesn’t reach his eyes.
Castiel waits for a knock on the door. It feels like his heart is in his stomach right now he’s so nervous. He’d be lying if he said he hasn’t fantasized about knotting Ofal, but he didn’t want it to happen like this. He took some time to prep himself because with his nerves the way they are, he’s worried he wouldn’t be able to get it up once Ofal gets here. He hopes Ofal does the same thing. His goal is to make this as quick and painless as possible.
This standoff is making Castiel tense. He realizes he’d rather get caught by whoever it is than have to continue this nerve-racking game of hide-and-seek. He lowers himself off of the toilet quietly. Once both of his feet are back on the ground, he leans down so he can take a peek under the stall.
Dean rolled his eyes. “I asked first.”
Dean’s been too distracted to study all evening because he can’t stop thinking about what happened during lunch. Cas acted so different than usual, but not in a fake way. It was genuine. He can’t stop thinking about how close they sat next to each other, and he can almost feel a phantom hand gripping his knee. He’s definitely going crazy!
He took off his armor and walked over to the bedroom door. He quietly knocked and waited to see if Dean would open it. He didn’t know what time it was, but it was late, so he wouldn’t be surprised if Dean was already asleep. He slowly opened the door and saw the lights were all off. It looked like Dean must've been sleeping. Castiel stood there awkwardly for a moment. He didn’t want to just climb into bed with Dean since he’d been furious earlier, but he also didn’t want to wake him up and fight with him now.
Dean and Ofmarv start walking in the opposite direction. “Do you think it’s safe to talk here?” He asks.
“The most likely scenario is that during the two year cooling off period the Clover Killer was in prison for an unrelated crime,” Sam says. “He probably met Svenson while they were both doing time, and with Svenson being a younger kid, kind of scrawny and unable to protect himself, they probably formed a relationship.”
“I’m not making this up,” Dean hissed. It was late at night, so there weren’t many people in the diner. It appeared to be mostly truckers taking a break to refuel. Dean reached into the bank bag to pull out his passports. “Look at these.”
“You can what?”
“What?!” Castiel can’t help being offended. “Dean knew one of your secrets before I did?” Dean shoves him lightly on the arm and mouths at him to ‘chill.’
“Oh Dean, would you like to dance?” Benny batted his eyelashes and held his hand out for him to take.
Sam thought for a second before he said, “It’s from Roy T. Bennett’s
Normally Dean would've laughed, but he was too freaked out at the moment. He ran towards the bathroom and closed the door, trying to calm himself down. He listened to Blue talk to whoever was at the door. It sounded like the same bouncer who had showed them how to get to Crowley’s office. The man reminded them that the fight was about to start and that Crowley set up one of the private viewing boxes for them to sit in.
Blue looked at him for a moment longer, and then simply said, “Good,” and left without looking back.
Dean lets out a resigned sigh as he kneels down on the pillow in the Commander’s bedroom. He can’t help thinking about what the doctor had said earlier. What if Commander Alistair is sterile? What if he is unable to get him pregnant? Since this would be Dean’s second unfruitful posting, he’d most likely get sent to The Empty. There’d be no chance of ever seeing Krissy again.
The omega started moving on pure instinct. He needed to keep his pup safe. Nothing else mattered. He grabbed hold of her hand in one of his and held the backpack in his other as they raced into the woods on the opposite side of the street. The Canadian border shouldn’t be too far away from where they were. They could make it.
let them come into this room,” he says. She nods and goes over to the other room where the Pikes are already standing with Jessica.
They all head out to the employee parking lot where they’ve parked all of their personal cars. Castiel sees Sam and Dean stop next to an old black muscle car. When they see him looking their way, they both wave at him. “See you tomorrow, Cas!” Dean says before getting into the driver’s side of the car. Castiel is too caught off guard by the nickname to say anything back before the boys drive away.
The Guardian tries to pull her away. “Mrs. Rolston, this is a government matter.”
“So are you,” Ofmarv replies with a smile. “They do that well. Make us distrust each other.”
“Bloody hell!” Crowley jumped and then smacked Castiel who was now dying laughing. Dean had to admit that was pretty funny.
“Oh, before I forget!” She says, reaching into her purse. “A sweet treat, as promised.” She hands him a Tupperware full of brownies. An older woman calls her name. It’s probably her mom. “I’ve got to go, but we’ll talk soon?”
“This way then, sir.”
“Good,” Dean says. “She has to be one of them. She knows this house, and she knows this family.”
Dean felt like he could trust the older man, which instantly caught him off guard. He couldn’t trust him! This man kidnapped him! Maybe he was doing it to protect him from Alistair, and maybe he was telling the truth about being friends with his mother, but there was no way for Dean to know that for sure. He couldn’t let his guard down.
6:55pm
Blue smiled at him. “Alright then. We’ll just say we took the scenic route home.”
“That’s barbaric!” Sam whispered harshly.
He can see that Dean is blushing slightly after Castiel pulls away from the hug. Thankfully they’re interrupted from any potential awkward moments by the sound of knocking on the door.
Sam’s eyes harden. “I’m fine. He only gets physical when he’s drunk, and even then, he only hits Dean.”
Once he got into the hallway, he realized he'd only been out here once when Blue was first leading him through the factory to his quarters. He didn’t really have any plan for where he wanted to go, he just wanted to be away from that room. He knew it wouldn’t be long before Benny came looking for him, so he quickly headed down the stairs. At the landing there was an open area that branched off in multiple directions. There was another set of stairs leading further down, and he remembered that was where most of the raiders stayed down in the basement dormitories. He wanted to avoid running into other people as much as he could, so he didn't walk in that direction. He saw an elevator on one side of the landing that probably also led downstairs. If it still worked, that is. Then there was the hallway that led to the front entrance of the building. As tempting as it was thinking about walking right out the front door, he knew there was no way he could escape. There were guards everywhere. The only other direction was through a set of double doors. Dean didn’t know what was on the other side, but he might as well check it out.
Castiel nods. “It’s time to pounce.”
“I want to know you,” the voice says. “Tell me everything about you. What’s your favorite color?”
Dean’s eyes widened and he suddenly lunged forward to hug Castiel. He was so shocked at first that he almost forgot he was supposed to return the hug. His arms finally came up around Dean’s broad shoulders, and he instinctively pulled him closer. He couldn't shake the feeling of rightness that he got when he felt Dean run his hand lightly over his back. He didn't focus on why that was, figuring he’d have plenty of time to worry about it later. For now he just wanted to inhale Dean’s woodsy scent. He’d never been close enough to smell him, but now that he had, he didn't ever want to pull away.
He doesn’t know what to say, so he just stands still and continues staring into Castiel’s eyes.
His eye catches on something on the wall down by the floor in the corner. Dean leans over to get a closer look. It looks like writing. He lays down on the floor of the closet to give him room to inspect it better. Since he’s so tall he has to position his feet to where they’re sticking out of the closet doorway. He runs his fingers lightly across the words that have been carved into the wood paneling of the wall. They’ve been painstakingly written, but Dean has no idea what they say.
“That won’t be a problem,” Castiel interrupted, walking towards the other side of the room where more information about the victims had been posted on a bulletin board. He heard Dean mutter something under his breath, but he couldn’t make it out. It had only been a few hours, and he was already tired of Dean's attitude.
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
“Nothing,” he looks down.
“Maybe you’re just learning my weaknesses,” Alistair supplies.
Principal Richings retakes the stage to announce that voting will begin momentarily and last for thirty minutes before they return with the results of who the class president is. “Let’s go vote!” Castiel claps him on the shoulder, but Dean has a hard time forcing his feet to move. He can’t believe he actually thought he stood a chance with Lisa over someone like Castiel. He’s such an idiot.
“Precisely, Mr. Novak,” Principal Richings says from the doorway to his office. “Each of your parents have been notified of your behavior, and they’ll deal with you however they see fit, but as long as you are in my school, you’ll dress like gentlemen not like Magic Mike.” He stares at each of them for a few seconds over his hooked nose. “Cover yourselves with clothes from the lost and found and get back to class.”
“Where do you think he is this time?” Crowley asked once they stop laughing.
“Then you wouldn’t be my son.” Chuck mussed his hair fondly. “But in all honesty, I may be a good businessman, but I was never really popular.”
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
“Wait until everyone has theirs, Gabe.”
“I’m not fighting, Crowley,” Blue said. He was standing tensely next to Dean. “I brought a new recruit.” Crowley looked Dean up and down hungrily in a way that made him very uncomfortable.
7:55pm
He still feels guilty for what happened in Chicago. He’s not sure if he’ll ever fully be healed of that guilt, but he does feel light in a way he hasn’t since before the incident. Gadreel may have outsmarted him once, but Castiel got the upper hand this time. He smiles when he thinks about how he gets to go home to his wife right now while Gadreel is going back to a maximum security prison where he’ll be spending the rest of his life. The thought of Gadreel being locked away in that cell while Castiel gets to live freely gives him intense pleasure. One might even call it an emotional release.
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
“He’s on his way to the city,” Gabriel says quietly to Dean.
Another WIP, you ask? I'm sorry I can't seem to help myself. It's the Gemini in me. Don't worry, I will keep working on all of the fics I've started, but I like to let myself write when I feel like it instead of forcing myself to stick to a strict posting schedule.
Once their shopping is finished, Dean sits on a bench by the hanging wall with Ofmarv, Meg, and Ofuriel. They don’t often get time outdoors during nice weather, so they’re trying to enjoy it while it lasts. It is slightly chillier outside today though, which is why they’ve all pulled on their red cloaks and red gloves. They watch as another corpse gets dragged up the wall. Dean wonders what this one did.
“No,” Castiel answers simply.
“Thanks, Benny,” he says quietly. Benny nods and starts to leave the bedroom, but this could be Dean’s only chance to figure out what happened to Ofmarv. He needs to at least ask if the beta knows anything. “Wait, Benny!” Benny turns back around to face him. “What happened to Ofmarv?”
“Hey, Lis.”
“I mostly keep lookout, and I control the spotlights and turrets that aim down at the street. I also communicate with the people who control the ground level turrets. It’s not like we ever need to use them, but it’s something to do I guess.”
Dean heard the air whistle as the whip was brought down forcefully on his bare feet. The sound of the whip striking him was followed immediately by a pain so intense and white-hot. It was unlike anything he’d ever felt before. He wouldn’t have been able to hold in his scream even if he’d wanted to.
The four of them are sitting outside of the principal’s office. Everyone at Hancock refers to the principal as Mr. Death because he looks like the grim reaper incarnate. All he needs is a scythe and black robes. They can barely make out what he’s saying through the closed door as he calls each of their parents.
They walked down a small hallway into the front entrance of the building. Dean saw people milling around and talking to one another. They were all dressed in normal clothes, not raider armor. Some of them were even wearing suits and ties. These were most likely the people from Diamond City who came to watch raiders fight so that they could get some action in their lives. It was pretty disgusting to think about.
“What the hell is your problem?” Castiel asks angrily.
“Why?” Garth asks obliviously.
“I promise it’s a really cool place,” Dean says to reassure him. “Jo’s mom actually owns it. They serve the best bacon cheeseburger you’ll ever have.”
“And Gabriel’s farts!” Dean laughs. “Those kept me awake for hours.” Castiel cracks up, his blue eyes crinkling.
He didn’t understand how he could fight off a trained assassin or escape a well-defended embassy without so much as breaking a sweat, but trying to navigate this budding relationship with Cas caused him so much anxiety. He was scared of doing something to fuck it up again. Clearly that’s what his past-self had done. His past-self had
Dean looks over at Sam who is staring at him pointedly to go talk to Novak and invite him to join them for drinks after work. Dean rolls his eyes but gets up anyways. Better to get this over with. He walks up the stairs to where the offices are. All of the offices are in view of the bullpen, but this way they’re a little bit removed from the regular agents. Bobby’s office is the furthest to the left. Next to his is Milton’s, and then Novak’s is next to his. The last office belongs to Jessica, the new unit liaison.
“H-how?” Dean stutters.
Once the panic has passed, he gets more and more pissed. How dare Alistair touch him like that right in front of his wife! He knows the penalties for omegas and Alphas having affairs. Dean waits until he’s sure Abbadon will have gone up to her room to go downstairs to the Alpha’s office. He knocks on the door briskly, trying to keep his anger under control.
“Yes,” Castiel replies simply.
“You can’t keep us out forever!” An angry voice yelled from down the hall. “We’re going to come in there and skin every last one of you!”
8:22am
“Relax, Cas, I was kidding,” Dean said with a smile.
Blue suddenly sat upright, and before Dean could even react, he violently threw up everywhere. Thankfully nothing got on their supplies or the sleeping bag. Dean didn’t even know how he had that much in him. He hadn’t eaten anything in almost a full day, poor guy. After Blue was done he fell back onto the sleeping bag with a pitiful groan. Dean put the back of his hand on Blue’s forehead to try and see if he has a fever. He was really warm.
“Why are you changing? Aren’t we just going to the backyard?” Dean asked.
“Lead the way!” They head over to grab some snacks first and then find an empty spot on one of the blankets by a bonfire to chat. Charlie seems really sweet and funny, but Dean is confused why Cas thought she’d be his type.
Life is funny that way. The absolute worst moment in his life ended up bringing about the absolute best thing in his life. His pup. He closes his eyes and lets himself picture her for a moment. He watches her jump around through the field behind their house, looking for frogs to catch. He remembers how she’d found one and had been so excited to show it to him. He’d been a bit grossed out, but he put on a big smile and told her how proud he was of her. Then she’d jumped up into his arms, and he’d held her, breathing in her beautiful honeysuckle scent. He wonders if she remembers him. Does she miss him as much as he misses her?
. “It’s pretty by the river,” Dean replies.
Dean nods. That’s as good as an excuse as any. Plus maybe if they think he’s sick, they’ll let him go see a doctor. That would give him a chance to leave this fucking room even if it’s just for a little while.
If any of the other raiders around heard their argument, they didn’t react. Nobody wanted to get in the middle of two senior raiders fighting. Even though Castiel was viewed as being a bit odd or different from other raiders, everyone knew he was the only other Captain who spent time in Alistair’s garrison before leaving to form his own. That made him the unspoken number two of their entire collective, a fact that was annoying almost everyone, himself included. It did come with perks though. His quarters were the second nicest behind only Alistair's.
“I’m sorry, Benny.” He doesn’t really know what else to say. Benny just gives him a sad smile and leaves the room.
He ended up being wrong about that. It took them almost a full hour to walk to the security office. He could feel Cas glaring at him as they finally got there, but he just shrugged. There was a café right next to the building, so he suggested that Cas should get some coffee while he tried to figure out what was going on with this boating stuff.
Inias pulled into the drop-off lane and then stopped the car. When he put it in park Dean felt his heart rate speed up. The school itself looked welcoming, even though everything about this place was way out of his league, but Dean was sure it was just a façade. Everything here seemed to have a beautiful exterior hiding an ugly interior.
“She’s right,” he lies. “It automatically turns off when it’s not inside of your skin anymore. There’s no way to activate it outside of a person.” Andrew May looks like he believes him or at least like he’s processing what Sam said. He tries to get up. “I really need to leave.”
The sound of microphone feedback pierced the air, and everyone groaned. “Sorry about that, folks,” Chuck Novak slurred apologetically. He was swaying back and forth so much, Dean was worried he’d fall off the stage. He was obviously very drunk. Dean looked back over to Benny and saw him dying laughing. He and Anna hadn’t been lying when they said this happened every year.
“I’m just feeling a little dirty from the road,” Castiel explained, still blushing. He practically ran out of the room.
“Can you try to run it again?” Dean held the card back out to the man with a small smile.
The short car ride to the small air field was a quiet one. Normally the team waited until they were up in the air to go over their cases more in depth. Dean clenched his eyes shut as he always did when the plane raced down the runway, but breathed a sigh of relief once they were up in the air. This fancy private jet was the only plane he’d fly on, and even then he always had to white-knuckle the take-offs and landings. When he opened his eyes again, he saw Novak staring at him. He shot him another glare, and the dark-haired man quickly looked away.
Castiel tries to keep himself from getting angry, but he also doesn’t want to talk about the fight they had. He’s fine with them knowing he’s gay, but there’s no way he wants anybody knowing he has a crush on Dean. “I told you I didn’t like her,” he says trying to keep his tone even. Dean had made that assumption during their fight. The person he’d been jealous of wasn’t Dean, it was Lisa.
“It’s okay. You’re safe here,” the man said with a smile as if he could read his mind. “My name is Garth. Who are you?”
He shivers slightly as he walks more quickly past the porch and out of sight. Even though he’s far enough away that she shouldn’t be able to see him, it’s almost like he can still feel Missouri’s eyes on him.
“How about Michael? It’s Hebrew for ‘one who is like God’.” Amelia looked up at him while he pushed the crib up against the wall.
Hope you guys are still enjoying this! Your comments make me smile :)
“I don’t know what is going on with Castiel and Dean,” Chuck said sadly. “I figured they’d be friends by now.” Castiel peeked around the door to see Dean’s reaction, but he noticed that he and Sam were both gone.
The hours pass by while they both work. Castiel has an alternative rock playlist on quietly in the background. It’s not the sort of classic rock that Dean prefers to listen to, but he appreciates that Cas at least isn’t into pop hits like the rest of his friends are.
Castiel nods, and Sam closes the door. On the walk back to the main house, he ponders what could’ve happened. He’s not sure if it was something he did or something Crowley or the other boys said. Clearly Dean is upset about something. He wants to take Sam’s advice and give Dean some space, but he doesn’t want to give him too much in case Dean decides he’s better off without him. He knows it’s unlikely he’ll ever have Dean in the way he wants to, but he can’t let himself lose him as a friend. He has to find some way to fix things.
Crowley looks suspicious about his friendly tone. He should be. “I’m glad you’re ready to apologize,” Crowley says. “I’ve been missing-“
“Yeah…”
“T-tongue?” Castiel couldn't hide his shock. He didn’t know people did that.
Alistair sighs. “I want to know you, Ofal,” he says so quietly that Dean wonders if he misheard him. “Are you sure you wouldn’t like a drink?”
“I should go do my shopping,” Dean says breathlessly. He races out the door as quickly as he can, and Benny gives him a wry smile as he passes by.
“I wanted to say I’m sorry—”
The phone rang a few times, and then an answering machine picked up.
When he got to the table, he saw that Blue had left some food out for him. Apparently he wasn’t in that bad of a mood to where he’d let Dean starve. He ate his breakfast in silence and couldn't help but think about how he had to spend another endless day doing nothing. The idea of heading out to the Combat Zone in a week terrified him, but at least it would let him leave this fucking room. At least he’d be able to see the sun again and feel fresh air on his skin.
“Stop it! Ofal’s pregnant!” Mistress Abbadon leans over him, shielding him from Aunt Naomi and the Guardian. The shocking stops immediately, and Dean sucks in a lungful of air in relief. He sees Castiel standing in the living room doorway, but he can’t make out the expression on his face through the tears in his eyes. He closes his eyes as Mistress Abbadon holds him and continues to sob that he’s pregnant.
“Thank you,” Dean says, taking another sip of rum.
“See you in a little bit!” Castiel shouts as he races out of Dean’s room to go send the email.
going to distract him?” Sam asks unhappily.
“I freelance,” Dean said. “I’m multi-talented; pick up work when I can find it.”
“You can’t be picky,” he hears Mistress Abbadon say. “You have to take what they give out.” They’re talking about him like he’s an object. He knows that’s how this society sees omegas, but it still hurts nonetheless.
8:34pm
“That would be a tragedy,” Alistair whispers. Dean sits back in his chair, satisfied.
After a particularly long round, Dean finally made a mistake and ended up on his back again with Blue leaning over him. Their compromising position put a million ideas in his head. What was different this time was that Blue didn’t get up right away. He was staring directly at him. Dean licked his lips and watched as Blue tracked the movement, his pupils dilating slightly. Blue looked back into his eyes. Dean wasn’t sure what expression was on his face, but he couldn’t look away even if he wanted to.
I think this is going to be a bit of a turning point for the boys. Not saying things will be rainbows and kittens from here on out, but there's a glimmer of hope
Castiel sits down on the bed and tries to come up with a plan for how he’s going to tell Dean. He barely gets a moment to come up with one before Dean is stepping back out of the bathroom. This time he meets his green eyes and sees hurt and confusion in them. Shit, he’s really fucked up here.
They sat down at the back of the wagon again, and Castiel said, “I’ve been giving it some thought, and I think we should be Angels and Demons. Two of us can go as demons and the other two as angels.”
“Can you help me out in the garden for a bit?” She asks.
“Scientists, huh,” Bobby scratches his beard. “There’s only one group of scientists I’ve heard of around here. They’re also known to kidnap people if you believe the stories about them.”
“The rest of the conversation wasn’t like that though,” Dean chimes in from beside him. “When he was talking to Alfie he seemed relaxed and at ease.”
“I almost got sent to juvenile detention last year,” Dean says, and they all gasp.
It had been three weeks since what Castiel had decided to refer to as the 'charity benefit incident.' Things between him and Dean had thawed slightly during that time. They hadn’t really interacted much, but they also weren't going out of their ways to sabotage each other anymore. His mother was apparently still trying to sabotage him though. Thanks to her meddling, he was being forced to sit in between Dean and his brother Sam at Chuck’s birthday dinner.
“For spying on you guys,” Brady answers ignoring the angry hand signals Crowley is shooting at him.
Dean didn't know exactly what happened all those years ago during the Great War. His parents only told him that the atomic bombs were dropped and those people lucky enough to make it into the vaults were able to survive while virtually everyone else was killed, either in the initial blast or slowly due to the subsequent radiation. His mom told him that there used to be seven billion people on the planet. Dean didn't believe that, but she swore it was the truth. Now there was no way of knowing exactly how many people were left, but it was a small fraction of what there used to be.
“Well you’re older than I am.” Dean said before lunging quickly at him. It was obvious he tried to catch him off-guard, but Castiel dodged out of the way easily. He knew there was no way the kid would be able to beat him, but it would be fun watching him try.
After about thirty minutes of practicing every breathing technique his therapist taught him, Castiel has finally managed to calm himself down. He doesn’t know how he’s going to be able to get through the rest of this case. Most likely he’s going to have to interview Gadreel again, and he doesn’t think he’s strong enough for that.
Castiel turned back around to face his team, and he could see that Dean’s mouth had fallen open in shock. The last bit was the piece they’d been missing. This was going to narrow their suspect pool down a lot.
“But you just said they debugged the place before we got here,” Castiel says, confused.
Dean looks down at his cheese-covered hands and then points to the refreshments table. Castiel chuckles. He’s been doing that more and more recently, and Dean loves the sound. “I had a lot of fun last night,” Dean says, and he means it. Last night’s sleepover had gone much more smoothly than that first horrible sleepover he went to a couple months ago. It helped that Crowley wasn’t there this time.
He finally spots Claire standing with Bela in the baked goods section, so he walks over towards them. He can hear Claire talking even though he’s not standing next to them yet. She’s being pretty loud.
. Who is it?
He looks around the room for Jo but doesn’t immediately see her so he goes to stand next to Bela. When a few omegas leave the room to take dirty trays of food down to the kitchen, he moves into the space they’ve vacated so he can go talk to Claire. At Purgatory, Dean had sort of fallen into an older brother role with her. It's a role he's comfortable in, and after Claire started having her mental breakdown, she really leaned on him a lot.
Dean pushes down the Alpha’s pants and sees that he’s already half-hard, and his cock is huge. There’s definitely no mistaking him for a beta now! Dean has no idea how that thing fit inside him earlier. He looks back up at the Alpha and sees him smirking a bit. He must’ve noticed Dean’s momentary shock. He shoves him lightly back towards the bed and takes a few steps forward as well.
“Yeah, something like that,” Blue said evasively. Dean was starting to get annoyed. Getting answers from Blue was as frustrating as trying to keep crops from dying during the radiation storm season.
“I didn’t tell Crowley anything,” Castiel says, feeling defeated. If they don’t believe him, how is he supposed to change their minds? He’s also hurt that they’d jump so quickly to believe the worst of him without even asking him first. He knows he’s done some awful things to his friends, but if they think he’s that bad of a person, why are they hanging out with him? He decides to ask them. “If you’re so mad at me, why did you agree to go shopping?”
His door is closed but unlocked. The lock was removed before he got here. Maybe it was a response to something the Ofal before him did or maybe it was a preventative measure. There’s no way for Dean to know for sure. The first week he left the door cracked open a couple inches so he would be able to hear what was happening downstairs, but listening and not being able to participate is actually worse. This week his door has remained shut except for the three times a day when Benny comes in to bring up his food.
Castiel shoots an apologetic look to Balthazar and then drags Dean to an empty table so they can have some privacy. “What do you mean,
~ * ~
“What are you looking at?” Dean was tired of him staring at him constantly. He treated him like shit and still had the nerve to stare at him like some part of him cared, and that was what Dean couldn't handle. It was confusing.
“Maybe you should give Novak a heads up since he’s more personally involved.” Dean’s voice is full of empathy, and Sam can tell that Gabriel notices. He has a sad smile on his face when he thanks Dean for the update and hangs up the phone. Sam can’t help smiling a little bit too. His brother likes to pretend he’s such a tough guy, but he has a soft, chewy center. Sam does find it interesting that Castiel is already starting to bring that protective side out of Dean after only a few days. Usually it takes him much longer to warm up to people. Sam decides then that he’s going to pay extra attention to their interactions to see if he can figure out what makes Novak different in Dean’s eyes.
Back in the Svensons’ living room, the team regroups. The new revelation that they’re dealing with a killing team changes things a lot. Dean gently tosses his tennis ball from hand to hand. He doesn’t know why, but he’s always been able to think better when his hands are busy.
Castiel didn't move until the other boy’s form completely disappeared into the dark.
Castiel opened up the door and saw Meg standing there with her hand raised as if she was about to knock. Her dark hair was more neatly curled than it had been earlier. They'd all gotten a bit messed up during their expedition, so it was clear she'd cleaned herself up since getting back to the factory. Castiel probably should've done the same, but his hair always looked like he'd just gotten out of bed. The rest of the captains most likely wouldn't notice.
“Are you alright?” Blue asked. Dean wasn’t sure how to answer that, so he stayed quiet. After a moment of silence, he could hear Blue sigh from the other side of the door. “We should go. I don’t want to piss Crowley off on our first day here.” He opened the door slowly, and Blue greeted him with a smile. It looked a bit forced. Dean tried to return the smile, but he figured his ended up looking more like a grimace.
“You said you knew who I was,” Dean started as he opened up his water bottle to take a swig. “Does news really travel that fast around here?”
She’s definitely blushing now. “I think Commander Alistair might be sterile,” she says in a rush. Castiel does his best to keep the shock off of his face. He wouldn’t be surprised if that were the case. Many of the Alpha Commanders are sterile, but it is shocking that a wife would come out and say that.
“We figured Concord would be a good place to settle, but the raiders proved us wrong,” Rufus says. “You didn’t have any idea who we were, but you immediately came to help us anyways. That means a lot. I want you to take this.” Rufus hands him a tin can full of something. Castiel shakes it lightly and hears what sounds like metal clinking. Coins maybe? “It’s not much, but it’s what I’ve got.” Castiel opens up the can and sees what looks like a bunch of bottlecaps that come from beer bottles or soda bottles. The confusion must be clear on his face because Rufus chuckles and says, “Bottlecaps are what everyone uses around here for currency. In case you find yourself in need of buying something.”
“Go ahead and send me everything you’ve dug up so far,” Dean says, and before she can hang up, he adds, “And Charlie, great work! Keep digging.”
Castiel bristles. “It isn’t like that,” he says, almost using his Alpha voice. Benny takes a step backwards, and Castiel takes a deep breath to calm himself. “Please don’t tell anyone.”
“I only have the one,” Brady says as he continues struggling to wrap it.
Castiel floated in and out of consciousness so many times that he was having a hard time figuring out when he was awake and when he was asleep. He felt a comforting presence next to him whispering soothing words into his skin. Dean. He should get out of there. It wasn’t safe.
“Thanks,” She whispered shyly. “I’ll give it back to you when we get back.”
“The Combat Zone only uses hand to hand combat. There aren’t any weapons involved,” Blue explained. “Do you have any experience with hand to hand combat?”
Castiel looked down at the blue outfit they’d given him when he first entered the vault. He didn’t know if he could trust these men, but he also knew he didn’t really have any other option at the moment. “Yes,” he started hesitantly. “I was in Vault 111 not far from here.”
“Do you like history like my mom did?” Dean asked.
“I think so,” Blue panted. He had Dean check him for any signs that he’d been bitten just in case. Dean thought there was no cure to a feral bite, but Blue had told him the day before that if it was caught soon enough they could get a cure from Diamond City.
“Oh. My. God.” Castiel exclaimed when Crowley finally came out through his gates. Inias and Dean both looked up to see what he was looking at. Crowley sauntered towards the car at his usual slow pace. He liked to make people wait for him because he thought he was worth it. It had always annoyed Castiel, who prefered to walk quickly, but he did respect Crowley’s reasoning.
“That’s probably because it wasn’t meant to be used like a regular vault. We thought we were going down there to get away from the bombs, but really it was just a twisted experiment. We were all cryogenically frozen, and I think I’m the only one from that vault who survived.” Castiel couldn’t keep the sadness from bleeding into his voice. It felt like all of the events from today were starting to catch up with him.
“He sounds paranoid,” Jo said, “Maybe he’s convinced he’s being watched, got nervous, and dumped the body quickly.”
The intruder moved towards him again, and Dean was able to catch him by surprise with the pen, stabbing him in the side with it. The man grunted and fell backwards a bit. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Castiel standing in the doorway watching the fight with his mouth open wide in shock. Dean advanced on the man, and now that he had caught him by surprise, he was able to stab him with the pen two more times in the chest and then once in the hand, causing him to finally drop the knife. He kicked it out of the way and then punched the intruder hard enough that he fell backwards over the desk.
“I think he’s role-playing,” Castiel says, using the term Dean had given him for this strange behavior on their first case together. “He’s trying to get inside the mind of the kidnapper. He’s trying to piece together his behavior to get a sense of what he’s like.”
“Do you and Dad ever fight?” He asks, looking down.
“Hurry up,” Dean ordered, holding the cattle prod up again. After Hester was undressed down to her underwear, Charlie put on the beta outfit. “Sit here and put your arms around the pipe,” Dean ordered. Hester looked at him with tears in her eyes but quickly followed his order. He tied her arms and legs around the pipe so she wouldn’t be able to move.
Please read the tags. This fic is going to have lots of instances of rape or extremely dubious consent. If that is a trigger for you, skip ahead to the paragraph that starts with "He changes into his sleep clothes..."
“I c-can’t turn it on,” Sam says, desperately trying to come up with an excuse.
“What’s a feral?” Blue asked.
Now that the initial shock has worn off, Castiel refuses to look defeated in front of this many people. Especially not in front of Crowley. Instead, he walks towards the boxes to take a closer look at them. This isn’t fair. They’d worked so hard on this campaign, and they’d even had to completely start over after their first set of posters got trashed!
“Don’t you look
“Even if he doesn’t like her, he’s never going to let you date her,” Crowley explains. “He acts like this whenever any of us have a crush on someone. He did it when Gabe and I were fighting over Kali. He acted like his problem was with us fighting, but really he just doesn’t want any of us to have something he doesn’t. As long as he doesn’t have a girlfriend, he’ll make sure none of us do either. He can’t stand being left out of things.”
“I can’t believe you did that,” Gabriel says when he finally manages to stop laughing. “It was worth it though.”
“Yeah,” Crowley says. “About as excited as she was to hang out with me.”
There was another knock on the door, and Blue groaned. "I swear, I can't get a second of peace around here," He mumbles quietly to himself and then raised his voice loudly enough to be heard through the door. “Who is it?”
Dean cupped his face with one hand and lightly stroked his jaw before leaning in. Their lips met in a way he was now familiar with, but every time his heart started racing as if it was the first time. The noise of the show faded to the background as their tongues intertwined, fitting perfectly together. When they parted for air, Dean immediately brushed his hair to the side and started mouthing at his neck in the way that never failed to get him going.
The bright lights shining in his eyes make it hard for him to see the audience, but one face in the second row is crystal clear. It’s Lisa. She’s clapping enthusiastically and waves when she notices Dean looking towards her. Dean raises his arm and gives a small wave back which causes Lisa’s face to light up in a bright smile. He turns to look at Castiel, desperate for a witness to this moment, but what he sees makes his blood freeze up instantly. Castiel has a smile on his face and is waving towards Lisa. Dean is mortified.
“That sucks,” Gabriel says, but Castiel can see a small smirk on his face. He makes a show of handing over his heaping pile of clothes to the other salesman who has been helping him. “I know there’s a lot there. Do you need help carrying all of it?” Gabriel puts his dad’s exclusive black American Express card on top of the pile, and Castiel rolls his eyes.
“Bossy,” Dean mumbled. He wouldn't leave Blue's quarters, even though he was curious. He didn’t want to run into any unfriendly raiders without Blue there. He also didn't want to do everything his captor said though. He didn’t have much control in this situation, so he needed to keep what little bit he had. That meant no food, despite how much his stomach tried to protest. He hadn't eaten in over twelve hours, and he liked his food. Twelve hours might as well be twelve days.
Crowley smiles. “I guess I was being silly. I’m just a little put out about Gabriel liking Kali, and Balthazar is obviously taking his side because he says Gabriel was talking about her way before I was, but that’s only cause I told you and not him.”
“You’re right, it’s German,” Alistair says. “It means something like: To begin is easy, to persist is an art.”
Ruby typed in a code on the computer terminal, and the doors to the shed opened. She held the door for Castiel, and he let it close behind him. There were a few other guards in there that glanced up at them as they walked past, but nobody paid them too much attention. He recognized a couple of them, but there were also faces he didn’t recognize.
“No, but with the winks and the way she was basically drooling at you, it looked like she wanted to mount you right in the middle of the station.”
Friday, September 25
Crowley stared at him for a minute but then shook his head and continued on with what he was going to say. “The director’s speech in there made me think back to a conversation you and I had about the Men of Letters.” Sam watched Dick Roman flinch minutely before schooling his expression. “I seem to remember Lucifer’s name coming up during those discussions.”
“Oops, I totally forgot,” Crowley pulls a chair over from the table next to theirs and squeezes himself next to Dean in his usual spot. He taps his seat and looks at Brady as if he’s telling him to come share. Now there are six people crammed in at a table that barely seats four.
Dean came back to the bed holding a damp towel. “I was hoping I’d get to fall asleep holding you, but if you want to sleep on the couch that’s fine too.”
“I heard that you two idiots have been plotting to join Alistair’s garrison behind my back.” Castiel’s gaze was steely as he looked back and forth between the two men. They both looked scared but not shocked or outraged at the accusation. That was all the proof he needed to know that Ruby was telling the truth.
“He killed Gordon,” she said simply.
He heard the sirens getting closer and closer, but he didn’t look back and he never stopped running. He could tell that his pup was starting to slow down, but he urged her to keep moving. The sirens suddenly cut off, and he heard a brief exchange of gunfire.
Dick Roman's face was impassive, but Sam could tell he was barely containing his fury. His boss looked down at the photograph of the yacht they’d been tracking and crumpled it up in his fist. The fallout from this botched mission would be massive, but right now the only thing Sam was thinking about was his brother.
“I was talking to Gabe,” Balthazar snaps. He’s sitting on a bench outside of the dressing room.
“What are you doing here?” Dean tried to cover the fear in his voice, but his adrenaline was still pumping.
“Channel is secure,” Benny responded in his gruff voice. “Go ahead, Queen of Moons.”
“I was able to find some information on Andrew May,” she says quickly. “It looks like he worked at a government facility for almost ten years before he was dismissed for undisclosed reasons.”
Balthazar sighs, crossing his arms. “Right. I’m just angry at my parents.” Castiel stares at his friends, trying to see if they’re telling the truth. He still thinks there’s something going on with them, but he lets it go for now.
“Not to mention he has a hobby unrelated to bomb-making,” Sam speaks up from beside him.
Dean watched from the sidelines as Sam spun Krissy around in circles. He had her firmly in his arms, but Dean was still nervous that he’d drop her accidentally. He kept trying to reach in to grab her, but then would stop himself when he saw the complete joy on her face. Krissy screeched when Sam tossed her in the air gently before catching her again. Sam must’ve seen him flinch because he rolled his eyes, “Chill, Dean. I’ve got her.”
The team gathers around the makeshift command center to try and brainstorm what this unsub could possibly be demanding. They don’t have much to work with. He told them he wanted “it” removed, but they have no idea what “it” could be.
He pulled off his own armor and shirt, and barely hid his smirk when he noticed the older man checking him out. “Are you ready, old man?” He joked.
“Whatever, man,” Dean mumbled. “But you’re gonna have to talk louder.”
Dean cleared his throat a couple times. He tried to speak, but his mouth was too dry. John helped him take a sip of water, and then he started filling him in on what happened. “I was at the hospital in Lexington. I’d already scoped the place out and had almost finished searching the entire first floor when I heard a group of raiders outside.” Dean could see John’s expression switch from impassive to concerned. “It was too late for me to get out of there so I tried hiding in a closet. A raider found me, but then he let me go.” Now John looked absolutely shocked. “He said something about not killing kids. Anyways, I ran before he could change his mind.”
Castiel parks in front of the hospital where Phil Nichols has been admitted. He’s clenching the steering wheel tightly to keep his hands from shaking. Sam is riding with him while Gabriel and Jo are back at Nichols’ house trying to figure out if there’s any chance he could be the bomber. Sam looks over at him with an encouraging smile as they step out of the car and walk towards the hospital entrance.
“Yes,” Dean moved backwards a bit, but he stayed in his line of sight. “I dosed you up about an hour ago, and I’ve been waiting for you to wake up. By the time I got back, you were yellow. I thought for sure it wasn’t going to work, but gradually your color started coming back.”
He can feel that the Alpha’s eyes are still on him so he turns the page again. Ah,
“Are you pissed that I said I didn’t want to go to Abercrombie?” Castiel asks his own reflection in the mirror while he checks himself out. “Cause you know they’re not going to have anything good enough for our magazine shoot or holiday parties.”
“That’s so not fair,” Sam grumbles. “You don’t even have to try!”
“You really going to let a hostage die?” The bomber yells.
“I want my family to come up here with me,” John said. “Dean, get up here and help out your old man.”
“Ten credits?” Crowley raises his eyes skeptically. Castiel knows he’s asking for a lot, but this news is big.
“I keep walking west down the street and wait for you to call me on my cell.”
“You guys are late,” Castiel says stiffly when they join up with him and Dean on the sidewalk. He feels Dean give him a light shove on the shoulder, probably telling him to relax, but he can’t. There’s nothing he hates more than being on the outside of things. Especially when it involves his ex-best friend that he’s been fighting for the past few weeks.
“When can you get me those pictures of your friends?” Missouri asks.
“Mistress Abbadon picked it herself.”
“Well, we need to figure that out!” Dean took a quick swig of his coffee and stood up.
I have absolutely no idea if Bangor has a magazine for tourism, but I'm rolling with it haha
Sam squats down next to the laptop and clicks open the disk slot. “I think we missed the obvious answer.” When the disk slot opens up it reveals a well-used Metallica album.
He walks up to the kid and grabs the glass away from him before he can take a sip. Alfie turns around to complain. “I know I’m underage, but do you think you could give me a pass just this one night? My brother is missing.”
“Huh,” he said, still shocked that Cas had gotten what they needed so effortlessly.
“Shh,” Alfie waves at him to shut up, but doesn’t open his eyes or get up. Dean raises his eyebrows at Castiel smugly. He’s such a brat. Castiel would like nothing more than to wipe that smirk off of the other agent’s face and replace it with some needy begging, but he can’t. Dean isn’t a submissive, and even if he was, Castiel can’t sleep with his charge. It’s inappropriate. “I’m not crazy,” Alfie says timidly. “Just give me a second.”
That all changes the second a man steps into the bullpen followed by a police officer yelling at him to stop. The man has his hands up in the air and is asking the cops to help him before he pulls off his jacket to reveal that he has a pipe bomb strapped to his chest. There’s a timer connected to the bomb that is ticking down, and the man has what looks like a bicycle lock fastened around his neck to make it impossible to remove the bomb.
Dean almost jumps up in his excitement, but forgets that the phone chord isn’t that long. He sits back down so he can continue listening.
“Ouch,” Dean says. “That hurt more than the punch.” Charlie giggles. He pulls out the first piece and studies it for a moment. “Take this piece for example.” He takes it out of the evidence bag and turns it around so he can see it from all angles. He immediately knows what it is. “This right here is part of the cap that was connected to this piece right here.” He holds up a second piece. “They fit together like this.” He makes sure Charlie can see what he’s doing. When she nods, he continues explaining it. “The unsub would have to be very careful when putting this together because if even one grain of powder got into that piece while he was screwing it on, that little bit of friction would be enough to set off the bomb.” He claps his hands loudly, and Charlie jumps. “Then it would be bye-bye, bomber.” He puts the pieces to the side. “He didn’t have to use a powder this fine, and he didn’t even have to use this shape of pipe, but if he hadn’t then the bomb would’ve been much less powerful. So what does it tell us that he took the risk to make it this way?”
Gabriel turns around to look at him, a smirk on his face. “Winchester, you aren’t afraid to go out in the field when we’re dealing with a bomber are you?”
~ * ~
“What?” Charlie asked in shock. She knew about his rape last month. She was actually the one who drove him to the hospital. Of course, the authorities didn’t consider it rape. As an omega he was probably asking for it by walking home alone at night and not covering up his enticing smell. When Charlie saw his worried expression, she quickly leaned in for a hug. “It’s going to be okay. Do you need me to take you to the omega center?”
“Which I thank the Great Alpha for,” the omega responds immediately.
Normally Dean would give up, but he's tired of Castiel's hot and cold attitude towards him. “I was wondering if you could introduce us to some Hancock girls,” He points over to where Benny, Kevin, and Garth are standing.
Friday, October 2
“We talked about our shopping,” Dean says quietly. “The weather.”
Jessica giggles, and Jo and Gabriel exchange a look before both saying, “No,” at the same time. Sam is really glad Dean isn’t here to witness him making a fool out of himself in front of the cute new unit liason.
“I heard they’re bringing in the new Supervisory Special Agent from Illinois today,” Sam said leaning back in his chair.
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
The lawyer speaks up from her place next to Gadreel. “It’s all written up, Agent Novak. If my client gives you incorrect information or he lies to you, the deal is void and he gets nothing.”
“Can someone give me a five-letter word for ‘grouch’ starting with g?” Balthazar asks while he perfects the placement of the bow on his gift. He's become obsessed with crossword puzzles recently, which is annoying but not as annoying as that time last year when he only spoke in riddles.
“Cas,” Sam says, using Dean’s nickname for him. “We have been through this so many times, believe me when I say that getting the police or CPS involved is not going to help us.”
“Yes, uh,” Castiel puts on a terrible English accent, and Dean tries his best not to die laughing. He sounds
“Have you met Dr. Piccolo? Or any of the others?” Dean couldn't believe he was riding in the same car as someone who was related to television greatness. He knew this town was full of members of the top one percent, but he had no idea any celebrities lived here.
“Hey, you,” Amelia says groggily. “Didn’t expect you to be back so soon.”
“Yeah,” they all reply, waiting with bated breath for what he’s going to say next.
It’s adorable how Cas paused before saying the nickname Dean has given him, as if he wasn’t sure if he should use it or not. It’s cute that he knows Dean well enough to know that his initial reaction to decorating jean jackets would be to show up empty handed and watch while the others do their crafting. Most importantly, it makes Dean smile when he thinks about how Cas did all of this on his own. Dean didn’t have to blackmail the guy to get an invite this time.
How is he supposed to share a bed with Dean now? How is he supposed to train him to fight? To put his hands on Dean’s hips to make sure he’s using the correct stances? Castiel runs his hand across his face again. He needs to stop this before it gets worse. He’ll have to tell Dean that they can’t cuddle in bed anymore. They’ll go back to sleeping with their backs facing each other like they did the first week they were together. Castiel will protect Dean as much as he can in the ring, and then they’ll head back to Corvega when they’ve made enough money. He’ll find a way to get his garrison out of there, and then he’ll drop Dean back off at his farm with his family. He won’t have to see him again.
“Okay, okay,” she relents. “I was just trying to distract you because it looked like you were two seconds away from bashing your head against the desk.”
He had to get out of there. Now.
Dean drove them away from the scene and pulled into a parking lot a couple miles away. He stopped the car and turned to look towards Castiel. “You stay here in the car,” Dean ordered. “I need to go find a safe place to stash this money.” Before he could respond, Dean jumped out of the car and jogged across the street. Castiel watched him leave and realized he was heading towards the train station. There were probably lockers there where he could put the bag in for safe keeping.
“I don’t really know,” Cas replied. “You didn’t seem that social with people to be honest, but this car was sacred to you. I don’t think you would’ve shared its whereabouts with just anyone.”
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
“Ungh,” Cas grunted as he was pushed back into his seat by the force of the car accelerating.
He watches Crowley come over to greet Brady, Luke, and Marv. Dean tries his best to keep himself from saying anything to Crowley about their plan to sabotage his modeling gig. They’re trying to keep it a surprise for as long as they can.
“Who needs a college education now?” She scoffs, and Dean chuckles. Then he sighs and looks down at the massive stack of papers between them. They have a few hours’ worth of work here at the least. They better get started.
“My mom wanted me to take you some pie,” Castiel explains, holding the pie out for Sam to take.
The Guardian jots down some notes on his clipboard. “Did you always walk straight to the store and then straight back home?”
Tuesday, November 3
Dean peeked his head around the wall to look at him. “That’s great, Cas!” Castiel couldn't help but feel a little sting at the unbridled enthusiasm in Dean’s voice. Of course, he needed to find a job, but part of him was hoping Dean would want him to stay longer or at least be sad at the possibility of him leaving. Dean walked over towards the couch with two plates full of food. “What’s wrong?” He asked, and Castiel flinched. Why were his emotions always so easy for people to read? Gabriel used to make fun of him about that all the time.
Gabriel squinted at him for a moment, and then grabbed his arm and started dragging him off towards the middle level of the city. Dean went along with him. They got to a doorway, and Gabriel pulled out a key to unlock it. He opened the door and pushed Dean inside, stepping inside behind him and closing the door. “Let me guess,” Gabriel said, turning to face him. “Dark hair, piercing blue eyes, mysterious, fucking badass?” Dean’s jaw dropped.
They’d been traveling through the ruins of Boston for almost a full hour without speaking. The silence was awkward and painful, but Dean didn’t know what to say. Things felt so different now. He could see Blue look over towards him every once in a while to check on him, and sometimes Dean could hear him take a breath like he was about to say something before thinking better of it and turning back around. Dean knew it wasn’t Blue’s fault. He shouldn’t be upset at him, but it was hard not to be. It hurt that his feelings were obviously not returned, and it was easier to be angry than it was to be sad. Already he missed the feeling of being close to Blue. He needed to get over it. It was never going to happen.
Their breakfast was cold by the time they got back to it, but Castiel couldn't find it in himself to be upset. Now that he’d had his first blow job, he understood the hype. He was surprised people didn't just have sex constantly. Ever since he'd gotten his hands on Dean, he didn't want to do anything else. He wanted to be able to map him out, explore every detail, and commit him to memory so when he inevitably had to leave, he’d be able to recall him whenever he wanted.
“It doesn’t.” Dean pulled Cas into him by his belt loops to give him a quick kiss on the lips. “You do.” Cas blushed again and turned away to try and hide it, but Dean could tell he was smiling. He looked back at the car. “Fuck it,” he said, walking around the front to get into the driver’s seat. “We need a car anyway now that yours is a no-go. We’ll just park it a few blocks away from the hotel and walk the rest of the way.”
“Were you able to trace it?” Gabriel asks Sam.
“Whatever,” Meg says. “Guided by his Howl.” She and Ofuriel stand up and head in the direction of their houses.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What are you wearing?” Crowley asked Castiel as he stepped into the car.
He stayed as still as he could and held his breath while one of the pairs of footsteps moved closer to examine him. “Male, D.O.A.” Another set of footsteps approached. “Looks like the ferals got him, poor bastard.”
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
“I think it would be better if I started from the beginning,” he heard Castiel say quietly.
“Did you ever go to the movie with her?” Brady asks.
“Maybe I should do that too,” Dean says with a smile. “I could use a bit more money for the holidays.” Balthazar shoots him a wink like they’re sharing some sort of secret, but Castiel ignores them. He refuses to let his fight with Crowley make him paranoid. “Castiel, don’t we also get two hundred dollars for doing the shoot if they pick us?” Dean asks him.
Dean shifts in his seat so he can look at her straight on. “He said I shouldn’t trust
“So wait,” Benny said, trying to understand. “If he gets more girls to kiss him, you have to wear his ugly snowsuit to school for a week?”
“Huh?”
“It’s a pipe bomb,” Dean says. Out of all the members of the BAU, he is the one with the most bomb squad experience.
“Alright, bring the stuff in,” Gabriel orders one of the FBI agents standing around. Now they can bring in all of their equipment and set up everything they’ll need for the ransom drop here at the house. It’ll be easier to do everything here than it would be to do it down at the local police station.
Her face hardens, and her hand finds his wrist in a painful grip. She drags him forcibly out of the room, and Dean looks up to see Castiel standing in the hallway staring towards him sadly. He must either have heard their conversation or is able to guess why Mistress Abbadon has suddenly flown into a rage. Since Abbadon is an Alpha she’s able to easily drag him up the stairs as he tries to keep up with her. When they get back to his room, she forcibly flings him into it, and he falls down onto the ground with a pained cry.
“I’m glad you’re here, Cas,” Dean whispered, placing a quick kiss on the back of his neck. It was the last thing he heard before he fell asleep.
When Ofal steps into the car, he doesn’t acknowledge her. After his meeting with Azazel the other night, he realized he needs to clamp down on whatever these feelings he’s forming are. He can’t afford them right now. It’s not safe.
“I need Alfie and Larry to wait in the other room," he says firmly.
Sam nods. “Dean likes you too, you know.” Castiel raises his eyebrows at that, because he highly doubts the older Winchester likes him. “He does!” Sam insists. “Trust me, if he didn’t like you, you’d know.”
He hears Inias honk from downstairs, meaning he’s waiting for Castiel to get down there so they can leave. He’s still standing in his towel with no idea what he’s going to wear to school today. Inias honks again, and Castiel contemplates staying home sick. Even though he’s gone back to avoiding Dean as much as possible, he still feels his face heat up every time they make accidental eye contact in the hallways or cafeteria. He feels like if the two of them interact at all, it’ll be obvious to the entire school what happened. He doesn’t think Dean has told anybody about it, because if he had the gossip would’ve spread like wildfire. That doesn't mean he won't ever tell anyone about it though.
“Oh, it’s nothing,” she stirs cream and sugar into her coffee. “Anael finished her breakfast earlier, so I was picking her up and that girl… that ungrateful girl snapped at me.” Dean can feel himself freeze. What had Claire done?
Dean raised his eyebrows in shock. “Excuse me?” He asked.
“I’ll tell everyone what happened to you at the concert,” Crowley threatens. Brady sighs and drops the CD on the table in front of Crowley, then slides down in his seat. Castiel can’t believe Crowley just bossed Brady around like that. Bossing is his thing. “So Dean, where’s Benny?” Crowley asks innocently. “Don’t you usually sit at his table?”
“It’s the
“Of course he is, we do this all the time,” Castiel replied frostily. Why couldn’t this guy get a clue? Gabriel picked up the scone and chucked it in the trashcan. Castiel noticed that Dean was still standing there, so he turned to glare at him. “Dean, why are you following me like a groupie?” Everyone laughed except for Dean whose gaze hardened to match Castiel’s. The bell rang signaling that third period was about to start. The other boys rushed off to their respective classes after exchanging goodbyes, and Castiel was left in the hallway staring at Dean.
He quickly follows Bela up the stairs and can feel Mistress Abbadon’s eyes on him as he goes. When he gets upstairs he can start to hear the other omegas counting with Claire to help her breathe. The room is stifling. There are probably thirty omegas and five betas crammed into the room with Claire lying on the bed groaning in pain. His heart breaks for her. Childbirth isn’t fun at all, and she must be so confused and scared being just fifteen.
“Yeah, but if I get these wet in the grass it’ll ruin them.” Castiel pulled on the sneakers and stook back up. “I’d offer you a pair, but you don’t care if those get dirty right?”
“Well I’m definitely an angel,” Castiel said with a grin.
“Yes,” Dean grinned. “These guys should’ve been able to find me immediately with the number of resources they clearly have at their disposal. The only reason they couldn’t was because my implant was taken out. I left it at the bank. They’re tracking the other assassins with the implants.”
“The weather is very lovely today,” he says, searching desperately for something to fill the silence.
Castiel nods. This new world seems like it’s going to be much more dangerous from his old one. Even though they’d been in a never-ending and constantly escalating war, they still had a functioning government and society. The bombs and subsequent two hundred years of fallout seem to have wiped that all away.
“To prolong it?” Gabriel asked.
“Where’s my baby boy?” Chuck slurred again, and the crowd laughed. Dean wondered the same thing because he couldn't see Castiel anymore.
6:40pm
He noticed he had a new email from Anna Milton. He clicked it open and felt his heart-rate quicken as he waited for it to load.
“There’s an immediate level of trust established between a buyer and a seller,” Dean said. “If I want to lure a young woman into my car…”
Gabriel’s eyes harden. “I thought we were past this.”
Blue was like a fucking fighting machine! He didn't lose focus or show fear once. Dean understood now why he was able to stay alive in the Wasteland by himself for a while before becoming the undefeated champion at the Combat Zone. The way he fought was incredible to watch. Dean lost count of how many they killed. It was probably somewhere between ten and fifteen. Finally the ghouls stopped emerging from the apartment building, and Blue stood up. There was no sign of anything else moving around in the building, but it was always a possibility that the many gunshots they'd let out could draw something else towards them.
11:45
“Somewhere between these three victims is a direct motive,” Castiel says. “Keep looking. If you have any questions, we’ll be around.” As the cops disperse and head back to their posts, Castiel leans over to Gabriel. “I’m going to the prison. Someone has to interrogate Gadreel.”
“Yes. They are going to want a threat assessment as well as a profile of the bomber,” Jessica responds. “I’m trying to keep a clamp on the media so it doesn’t cause a panic, but we should prepare for the story to come out at some point.”
Ever since the student elections, Castiel has been much nicer to him. They still don’t interact much at school, but they have been messaging more frequently. Castiel hadn’t mentioned that he was going to invite Dean to his exclusive weekly sleepover, but he’ll definitely be happy to get out of the house tomorrow.
Abbadon stomps her heel when she stops to turn back towards him. “What?”
The man walked down the hallway towards him, and Dean got back onto his feet. They started trading blows so quickly that it became an untraceable blur of motion. He heard Castiel gasp from the side, but his entire focus was on the intruder. He kicked at the man’s right knee, causing him to stumble and then he brought his fist down across his face, forcing him onto the ground. Before Dean could kick him while he was down, the man rolled away and was back on his feet in a matter of seconds.
“Please,” Aunt Hester whimpered softly. “I know this wasn’t your idea, Dean.”
He took a deep breath. He needed to just
Sorry it's been so long since I've updated this one. Been having a bit of writers block on where I wanted it to go. I know where I want it to eventually go, but it's the in-between that's been giving me trouble haha
“Alright, Dean-o, I want you to stay on the line. I’m going to go talk to this guy and see if I can wring out a location from him.” Dean doesn’t reply, but he stays on the line. He can feel Sam leaning in way too close behind him to try and hear so he puts the phone on speaker. “Alright, Richard,” Dean hears Gabriel say sternly. “Jesperson is telling us everything, and he’s blaming you.” Dean hears someone scoff in the background, and he assumes it’s Svenson. “He told us it was your idea to keep the girls on a boat.” There’s nothing but silence on the other end, so Dean figures Gabriel managed to catch him off guard. “He’s talking, Richard. Tell me where she is, and I can make a deal for you.”
The omega put his pup down on the ground and stooped down to get a look at her. She was holding her head and looked like she was about to cry. “Did you hit your head, baby?” He asked her and she nodded, tears welling up in her eyes. He gave her forehead a quick kiss. “I need you to be a big girl for me okay?” Her lip still quivered with her unshed tears, but he could see that fierce look come into her eyes that he knew so well. She was such a strong pup for being only seven years old. “That’s my girl,” he said proudly and gave her another quick kiss.
“Do you think that’s a good idea?” One of the wives asks.
“You’re the one who asked me to come back, Gabe,” Castiel says, starting to get a bit frustrated. “Do you think I can’t do the job?”
“Crowley got the idea for joining lunches between the girls’ school and our school from me,” Castiel hisses while the audience claps for Crowley. “I was talking to him about how it’d be cool if we could eat lunch with the girls a few days ago.”
“Fear is funny,” Jo says quietly. “I’ve been here for a long time. At first I was petrified constantly. Seconds away from an anxiety attack at all times.” Dean nods. That’s exactly how he’s been feeling lately. “But then I just… stopped caring. I don’t know if that’s a good thing or a bad thing, but apathy makes it easier I guess. I don’t care anymore.” She looks at him, and he can see it in her eyes. They’re lifeless.
“Because you asked me to, Alfie,” the unsub replies, heatedly. “You asked me with those looks you’d send me, the way you talked, and the way you acted. I’m not stupid, Alfie.” Dean looks over at Sam who is violently motioning for him to mute the call. Dean mutes it before Alfie can say anything else.
“No,” Dean says stoically. “You’re done talking to Alfie.”
“Soon you’ll be leaving us for new homes,” Aunt Naomi said. “New families! They won’t judge you for your looks or your intelligence... Stop biting your nails!” Aunt Naomi interrupted herself to yell at Meg who instantly dropped the offending appendage back into her lap. The beta took a calming breath before continuing. “They will love you for the gift only you can give them.”
With each step he took, Castiel counted. One, two, three... ten people in all.
“You’re not going to be one of those guys who starts dating someone and immediately forgets about his friends, are you?” Castiel asks harshly.
“Definitely,” Dean says. “It would have to be by a dock because he wouldn’t be able to transmit the webcam feed if he was on the open ocean.” He can hear Gabriel walking through the phone line, but he doesn’t say anything. “I know it’s not much to go on, but it’s the best we have. Even so, getting the exact location is on you, buddy.”
After a while the bedroom door opened, and Blue walked in without Meg. He was carrying a glass of water and held it out to Dean. He stared at it blankly for a few seconds before Blue sighed and helped him drink. “I’m so sorry Dean. When I get my hands on that piece of shit…” He paused and took a deep breath. “Are you okay?” Dean looked up at him, but it felt like he was too far away. It was like he was staring at him through a tunnel. He opened his mouth to talk, but all that came out was another sob. He saw Blue’s face crumple, and his arms reached out as if to try and hold him. Dean didn’t know how to tell him that he wanted to be held. That he
It wasn't even noon yet, but it was really hot today. Obviously summers in Maine didn't get nearly hot as it got down in Kansas. Most houses and buildings around here didn't even have air conditioning. The changing tides usually brought a nice cool breeze with them, and there were only a couple months out of the year that would even need AC.
Dean rolled his eyes, but he was hungry enough not to care about the earlier reasoning for his hunger strike. He stomped dramatically back into the bedroom to grab the tray and bring it back to the table. Just as he was about to take a bite, there was a knock at the door.
“This isn’t a taxi,” Castiel said harshly to cover up the pain he was in. Dean had meant something to him, and even though he’d thought it many times, it hurt to have it confirmed that he meant nothing to Dean in return.
Since the flannel incident of Monday, Dean started seeing more and more boys wearing flannel at school. Surprisingly, it had also somehow spread over to the girls’ school. As they were leaving yesterday, he saw a group of girls all wearing brightly colored flannel shirts. Dean could not believe he was responsible for this trend! If only they knew.
Castiel could tell that Gabe already knew the answer to his question, but he was trying to boost his confidence. He appreciated the gesture even though it was a bit obvious. “To enjoy it.”
“Law school,” she says, impressed.
about it. Especially someone who didn't know him. “I just graduated from University.”
“Fuck,” Dean sighed. He rubbed his hands soothingly along Castiel’s back while he gave him a chance to adjust to the bigger intrusion. Castiel breathed through it and eventually nodded that it was okay for Dean to continue. Dean slowly slid into him, Castiel’s body somehow making space to fit him, until he bottomed out and they both sighed. Castiel could feel his legs shaking underneath him. He felt so incredibly
They passed by an old graveyard next to a church, and they increased their pace to get past it as quickly as possible. Not only was it creepy, but ghouls sometimes woke up from burial sites if they heard people walking too closely to them. Once they made it past the church without incident, Dean could see that they were out of downtown and into a more residential area. There were lots of broken down houses lined up in neat little rows. Dean tried to imagine what life might’ve been like before the Great War. Back when families used to live in these houses and had neighbors living right next to them without being worried about someone coming to attack them to steal their belongings. Back when people could go to a store to buy food or clothes, and they didn't have to do anything themselves. Back when people felt safe.
Castiel really thinks Ofal should see a doctor because he’s worried that there could be something wrong with her for her to have been on the ground like that. He tries to think of a way to convince Abbadon to let him make the appointment without making it seem like he cares about Ofal, which he doesn’t of course. “Yes, Mistress,” he looks down at the tray, hesitating. “It is a rutting day though,” he reminds her.
“Gadreel, you can’t fool me,” Castiel makes his tone menacing. “If you are in any way involved in what’s happening in Miami and you don’t tell me, I promise you that your life will get much worse than it is right now.”
After riding for a few minutes, Castiel tapped Midnight again with his foot to start galloping. It was nice and quiet out here, and he felt more relaxed than he had all day with the crisp air blowing through his hair. It was silent except for the sound of the waves lapping against the rocks down below and Midnight’s hooves pounding against the earth. Morningstar Farms was pretty close to the ocean, as was almost everything here, and a lot of the trails had good views of the shimmering water.
Castiel puts his hands down on the desk to support himself so he doesn’t pass out. He feels faint all of a sudden. Thankfully Gabriel speaks up. “He held our agents in a standoff in Chicago six months ago,” he says, just stating the facts with no emotion behind it. “He killed six of our agents plus one hostage.” The detective looks horrified, but he doesn’t know the half of it. Castiel moves over to sit down in one of the chairs surrounding the conference table and takes a sip of water.
“Wayne Gacy,” Gabriel finishes, laughing.
“Oh no, Lisa likes someone else, but she won’t say who,” Crowley says. Castiel looks down at his dark brown dress shoes. Nothing makes sense.
Charlie cleared her throat nervously. “Are you saying that once a month we’re going to get on all fours on our Commander’s bed… naked… and get knotted by him?” She asked hesitantly. The other omegas all looked around at each other in quiet horror as their reality fully sank in.
Castiel shielded his face with his hands as the elevator lifted him up into the outside world. It was so bright that he attempted to block as much light with his hands as he could while his eyes adjusted to being outside for the first time in who knew how long. After a few moments he started to make out his surroundings. He saw the fence that stood around the vault property had folded in on itself, the metal twisting in an unnatural way. He tried not to look at the skeletons he could see piled up on the other side of that fence—the bones of his unlucky neighbors who had been denied entrance into the vault. Then again even the people within the vault had been murdered in a psychotic experiment gone wrong. Castiel could've been the last person left. There was no way for him to know.
Castiel takes a deep breath and marches over towards Crowley. He can feel Dale Carnegie’s words echoing around in the back of his brain, but he’s so angry he feels like steam must be shooting out of his ears. He stands over his ex-best-friend and puts his hands on his hips. “Will you please get out of my house, you pathetic wannabe, or the only thing you’re going to wanna be from now on is DEAD!” Everyone turns their heads towards Crowley to see how he’ll react to Castiel’s threat. “NOW!” He screams.
“Not if my smart, powerful, sweet father donates a building or something to the school so we can be allowed to wear what we want again,” Castiel gives his father a puppy dog look that could rival even Sam’s, and that’s saying something. Chuck is powerless to resist.
“Let’s go check it out,” Jo says enthusiastically. Gabriel knows this excitement she has will eventually die down and be replaced by cynicism, emotional trauma, and unhealthy coping mechanisms. That’s the way it is for everyone who works this job. He just hopes it doesn’t happen to her for quite some time. She’s so young and full of life.
“I want you to be my first, Dean.”
“Wow,” Dean said once she was out of sight. “Why do you like her? She had a real Cruella Deville vibe going on.”
The two betas held onto Dean firmly by the wrists as they dragged him towards the table in the center of the room. He was back in the Purgatory Training Center. Of course, he wasn’t able to get out. How stupid he’d been to even try. Now the only option left to him was to beg for forgiveness.
Crowley turned his smirk to Balthazar. “Why don’t you go as a monk?”
“All of my friends back in Kansas keep talking about their crushes, and it’s driving me crazy! The only Hancock girl I’ve been hanging out with is Mrs. Novak!”
Abbadon pauses with her fork raised to her mouth and stares at him for a few seconds. “Make the appointment,” she says.
The door to the living room opened then, and in walked the Alpha. The omega tried his best not to look up from under his blinders, but he was dying of curiosity to see what his new Alpha would look like. The last one had been old and ugly, not to mention mean. He hoped that the new one would at least be tolerable. He didn’t think that was asking for too much. He stood up as a sign of respect for his new Alpha, making sure to keep his eyes trained on the floor.
“Promise,” Gabriel and Balthazar say together.
Larry Pike runs his hands over his face in frustration, and when he moves his hands away it’s clear he’s close to tears. “I just want to get him back,” he whispers and sniffles a bit.
After Dean’s finished getting ready for the day he goes into the common area where Sam is already wide awake and making breakfast. His brother gets up obscenely early to run or bike or whatever it is he does. Dean, on the other hand, can’t string full sentences together before he’s had his coffee. Luckily Sam knows that about him and is already brewing a pot.
Castiel’s eyes widened in horror at the thought of having to dress like a lumberjack for a week. He shook his head. “Not good enough, you’d be lucky to get to wear my clothes. That would only be a punishment for me.”
“So…” he started, unsure how to broach the subject so Cas wouldn't freak out too much. “We’re about to hit a bit of a bump.”
“Don’t take advantage of her,” Benny warns, his tone going harsh. “She’s been through enough as it is. Don’t get her into trouble just because you want to get laid.”
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
“Oh,” He replied, not really sure what else to say.
Castiel moved faster than Gordon had a chance to respond and shoved him up against the wall. “Nobody gave me the right,” He moved his arm so it was pressed against Gordon’s throat, cutting off his oxygen. “I took it.”
“No, we’ll take my limo,” Crowley says. Then he says goodbye and hangs up the phone.
Castiel tried his best to keep his emotions under control while he told Dean everything he knew. He was glad Dean collapsed straight on the bed without looking at him, because he didn’t want the other man to see the tear tracks on his face. He tried to wipe them away, but even if he’d managed to remove that evidence, his eyes were still puffy and red.
“If you’d had the month I’ve had, you would understand,” Castiel finally replied, hoping the stranger couldn't see him blushing in the darkness of the bar.
“You told me about how you talk to Angel when you’re feeling lonely and I—"
Castiel slaps Gabriel’s arm once Balthazar is gone. “I’m going to ask you again. What’s going on?”  His slap knocks Gabriel’s backpack off the one shoulder he’d had it slung across, and it falls onto the ground. Since he’d had it unzipped, the contents fall out across the floor.
“Jo, keep them quiet, please,” Dean says as the phone starts to ring a third time. Castiel can see Jo trying to quietly reassure the Pikes that Dean knows what he’s doing and this is all part of the plan. Castiel just hopes Dean is right. This sort of stress tactic can be very helpful in finding out information about an unsub, but if used at the wrong time, it can cause an unsub to lash out and kill whoever they’re holding hostage.
“I’m such an idiot,” Gabriel pulls another candy bar out of his pocket. He offers it to Crowley, but Crowley shakes his head.
He found the sun room easily enough. It helped that the room had floor-to-ceiling windows on three sides, letting in an abundance of light for the many plants covering every surface. He saw a woman with bright red hair gesturing madly to Castiel while she explained something. “Castiel, you know what juxtaposition means right? Because that’s what I’m going for here. The minute you place two opposites side by side, you get something truly wonderful.”
“I saw you sneak out the other night,” Sam explained. “I promise I won’t make any noise.” He mimed zipping his mouth closed and throwing away the key.
Dean heard something rocket past them, and then the edge of the bridge exploded. Now the men weren’t just shooting bullets into the crowd, they were also launching grenades! The force of the blast caused Dean to fall down. “Run! Run!” Charlie screamed, pulling him up. They made it to the edge of the bridge where the grenade had exploded, and Dean jumped over the broken bodies of two people who must’ve been hit. They couldn’t have been older than twenty.
“Goodbye, Cas,” he said quietly, his voice cracking slightly on his name. Then he left the apartment without another word.
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
He pulled up to the school and saw there was a crowd gathered outside. He parked the car and headed over to where everyone was standing. Children started walking out of the school holding all of their books while men dressed all in black stood by making sure the crowd stayed orderly. When Castiel got closer, he could tell that the men were holding guns. That instantly made him nervous.
“Just tell her to call me with the cost,” Chuck replied easily.
“That’s funny,” Crowley says, “Because Lisa said she had a hard time getting you alone since Castiel was always there when she tried.”
7:12pm
“Dean, spit it out I’m growing gray hairs over here.”
“I get that, but why does it have to be me who goes in?” Castiel asked.
Maybe she’s just keeping him distracted until the black van arrives. Abbadon leans over and snips a few more dead pieces from the bush with her shears. Dean wonders for a moment how hard he’d have to push down on her neck with those shears before seeing blood. He shakes his head to clear it.
“So I heard you’re running for class president now?” Dean asks trying to break the awkward silence in the room.
“Ewww,” Benny interrupted him.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Don’t profile me.”
He came somewhat back down to himself as the two younger betas dragged his body between them back towards the dormitory where all of the omegas were sleeping. When he was brought in, all of the omegas sat up in their beds to see what happened. There must’ve been a lot of talk when he and Charlie tried to escape.
been avoiding him. He looks past Sam up the stairs towards Dean’s bedroom. The door is closed.
“Nah, you should,” Dean smiled softly. “You’re better at asking.” Perfect.
He tiptoed to the cabinet where he knew his dad kept the liquor. Normally he wouldn’t do this, but tonight he needed a little liquid courage. He picked out a mostly-full bottle of tequila and reasoned that his dad probably wouldn't notice if it went “missing”. He walked over to the outdoor gazebo where they always held their sleepovers. This time of year when the weather was nice, they kept the walls open to let the breeze in. It was almost like going camping except the walls have screens on them to keep out the bugs.
“Her,” Dean corrects, and everyone turns to look at him. “The unsub is a woman.”
“I thought you’d left,” Cas gasped.
The nerves started to pick up again when he saw Castiel step out of the front door of the mansion. He was wearing a suit and tie and a damn trench coat. What kind of teenager wore a suit and tie to a school that didn't have a dress code? He realized that he had absolutely nothing in common with this guy.
“Thanks Dad!” He ran over to give his dad a hug.
“He would’ve filled it out,” Castiel says confidently. “A guy like this would take pride in his work.”
Meg just shrugged. “I rushed to come tell you because he’s on his way here to confront you about it.”
Dean knows he has to be talking about the previous Ofal. He wonders if the Commander knows that phrase is carved in his bedroom closet. “What happened to her?” He asks.
The glare from the stadium lights is almost blinding as Dean runs forward with the ball right in front of his feet. He dribbles expertly towards the eighteen yard box as the last few moments of the game run out. The score is tied 1-1, and it’s been a long game. There’s only one defender and the goalkeeper in between him and the prize of scoring a goal in his first game of the season. He can do this!
Alistair glared at him, but Castiel held his ground. After a few seconds which felt like an eternity, Alistair rolled his eyes. “Fine, I’ll stay behind then, but you and your recruit are going to be the first to head out. You have a week to train him.”
“Take off his socks,” Aunt Hester ordered one of the younger betas who’d dragged him in here.
Castiel looked both ways once he got to an intersection of streets. He knew the layout of Concord like the back of his hand since it was the closest city to where his family lived. He knew that if he took the road to the left it would lead towards the more residential areas. That was also where the preschool they were thinking of taking Claire was. Towards the right were more shops and down a ways further was the town hall. He was pretty sure the shots were coming from the right, so that was the direction he picked.
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
“Since when can’t you afford your own racket?” Castiel asked, squinting his eyes.
Blue did the same and then handed Dean the other back pack for him to hold. Dean looked at him questioningly. “I’m going to check for anything valuable on the corpses.”
The older beta woman cleans off the baby and picks her up. Dean looks over at Claire where she’s crying with a huge smile on her face as she looks at her pup. Her face changes immediately when the beta carries the baby over towards Mrs. Abel. Dean moves over to hold Claire while she cries for a different reason this time. It’s barbaric that omegas aren’t even allowed to hold their pups once they’re born. The pup is softly crying while Mrs. Abel holds her.
“The bus driver is a recovering alcoholic,” Dean says. “Just did a few months in rehab, but he seems to be coping well recently.”
“No, Mistress,” he answered with a small smile. He’d been trained to keep his voice light and feminine. Nobody wanted an omega with a deep masculine voice.
When Dean pulls up to the scene, Castiel notices that there are multiple agency vehicles here. It looks like they’re all standing around watching as a boy who he’s guessing is Alfie lies down in the center of the road. The two of them get out of the SUV and walk over towards a secret service agent.
Castiel reads through his speech one more time, even though he had the entire thing memorized by midnight last night. Dean admires the way he puts all of his effort into things. Sometimes his competitiveness can be problematic, but Dean also is inspired by his work ethic. They’d somehow managed to form a fully-fledged student government campaign in less than a week.
John stumbled up on the stage, and he was obviously just as drunk as Chuck was.
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
Gabriel laughs, “So the insurance company is blowing up annoying customers?”
“You need to listen to me,” Castiel continues. “It’s not safe.”
Dean inhales a shaky breath and begins the long walk back up to his tiny attic. After he’s out of view of Mrs. Rolston the tears begin to fall again. He’s too exhausted from everything that’s happened today to even try and stop his tears. He closes the bedroom door once he’s inside and slowly walks over to the closet. He lays down on the cool wood floor and touches the mysterious carving on the wall. “How did you survive here?” He asks the carving. “Please help me. I need help.”
Gabriel heard from the paramedics that she’d refused any pain medications they offered her. He isn’t sure if it’s because she feels like she needs to appear tough or because she doesn’t want to have to stop working the case. “Are you sure you don’t want anything for the pain?” He asks. “Those cuts were pretty deep, and I know getting stitches with no anesthetic isn’t a walk through the park.”
“Desperate times.”
“Alright are we ready to go kill some ferals?” Castiel raised his voice to hype up his group, and the rest of them whooped in excitement. “Let’s go!”
“He’s going to tell us anything you tell him anyways, so you might as well just say it here,” Crowley says.
“I think all the girls must’ve voted for them,” Balthazar says.
Fall, 2287
He wonders why Castiel goes out of his way to interact with him. Even though he’s only been here a week Castiel has spoken with him a couple times, each time acting like they’re already friends. Maybe he’s lonely and wants a friend.
“What happened to your outfit?” Balthazar asked him.
“I don’t know how you do it,” Alfie says. “How do you work a job like this?”
Castiel can feel his chest constrict with anxiety. The only thing scarier than thinking about kissing multiple people is the thought of doing it in front of an audience. He knows Crowley has a point though. If he has any hope of beating Dean, he’ll have to get a lot of kisses at this party. He wishes he could get some practice before the party, but he doesn’t know anyone who would want to kiss him. That’s part of the problem with this bet.
He starts walking to his next class with Benny close on his heels. “I kept them away from the door, brother,” Benny says, and Dean is grateful once again for having Benny as his best friend. He always knows what Dean needs without him even having to ask.
Hope you guys liked it!
“There it is,” Blue said, pointing down towards where the street ended and intersected with a street crossing perpendicular to the one they were on. On the other side was a row of buildings, and one of those buildings had lights on the outside. There were a couple lamps outside of the door and another light shining up towards the wall of the building. There was a painted sign there that said ‘Combat Zone’ on it. “Wow, it’s all coming back to me,” Blue said with a sigh.
“According to a witness, Nichols was trying to get into his car with the package when the bomb went off,” Jessica says. It’s the first time she’s spoken since boarding the plane. Castiel can tell she’s a bit nervous to be on her first case in the field. He knows the feeling.
He’s the only one in the office today. The doctor he’s seeing specializes in omega care so it would make sense that he’s the only one here. Omegas are rare in general, and they tend not to be sent to the doctor unless they’re very sick. Dean is starting to freak out about what’s going to happen to him when they find out he’s not actually sick at all.
“How old are they?”
“Sam!” Dean yelled as Sam started running in the direction of the group of people they’d seen earlier. The alarms continued to blare as Dean tried his best to keep up with his brother. When Dean turned the corner, he saw Sam looking into a hallway perpendicular to the one they were in. Sam immediately dropped the snacks he was holding and started running down the hallway. “Sam?!” Dean started jogging too. His belly was aching, but his adrenaline kicked in to where he didn’t notice the pain. When he got to the hallway Sam had looked down, he gasped. The nurse who had been helping them out was lying on the floor unconscious. A couple other nurses were tending to her. It looked like she’d been hit over the head with something.
“I have a confession to make. I can’t take the guilt anymore,” Castiel says. Missouri makes a humming noise to show she’s listening. “Brady and I cheated during the election. We didn’t really win. Castiel Novak and Dean Winchester did. We switched our ballot boxes with theirs.”
“Sam,” she greeted him quickly. “I’ve been listening to the police scanner all day, and it looks like the Parisian police just found Novak’s Prius.”
“We need to destroy it then!” Cas reached out for the tracker, but Dean pulled his hand away.
“Eh, it’s probably a shade of grey,” Castiel responds. “The important thing is that we got Matt back and he wasn’t injured.”
“Can I ask—“
Dean knows he needs to go downstairs to tell Mistress Abbadon that he’s not pregnant, but he’s terrified of what might happen. He knows that in this society, all omegas are good for is bearing pups, and if he doesn’t fulfill his biological duties he could be sent to The Empty. Staying here and worrying about it isn’t going to solve anything though. He sighs and slowly starts heading down the back stairs to look for his Mistress. His room is situated in what probably used to be an attic. It’s a small room with an even smaller bathroom and closet attached to it. At least he has his own bathroom.
He and Dean were both standing up facing each other at this point. Sam looked in between the two of them trying to stifle his laughter. Castiel wasn’t sure what was so funny, but he hated being on the outside of anything, even if that something was an inside joke between Dean and his little brother. “What are you laughing at, you gangly dork?”
Castiel positioned himself strategically by the door to the informal interrogation room he was standing in with Dean, Sam, and the recent missing woman’s brother. They’d brought him in for questioning to follow up on what he’d told the police officers. Castiel decided to mostly stand back and watch while Dean and Sam worked.
Alistair pushed him forcefully into the wall and slotted one of his legs between Dean’s. He could feel the hard length of Alistair’s erection pressing into his thigh.
“He’s in love with me,” Claire giggles. “He loves me so much!” She covers her mouth to try and quiet her giggles.
Dean looks down at his feet. “I don’t know. I thought you could use a friend.”
The omega raises his head to look past his blinders at Castiel and can see that the driver is shooting him another small smile. Castiel is very attractive. He’d have to be blind not to notice that. He has piercing blue eyes that aren’t afraid of holding eye contact with him even though that’s against the rules. He’s not supposed to look anyone directly in the eye unless they’re other omegas or unless his Alpha specifically requests him to.
Dean took the stairs two at a time as he tried to catch up to him. The police had been holding Svenson in the kitchen. He was sitting down at the dining table with a smug look on his face. Castiel slammed the book onto the table in front of Svenson. Dean stood to the side while Castiel sat down across from the suspect. He wanted to let Castiel have a chance at him first, but he needed to be here in case things got out of control. It already looked like Svenson had succeeded in riling him up, because Dean hadn’t seen him lose his composure once since they got here.
“By the way,” Crowley begins. “Alfie has been telling everyone he talked to you on the phone this morning before school. He said you guys talked for hours.”
He ran down the bank towards the river, trying to move quickly, so he could spend as little time as possible out in direct contact with the storm. He could feel the static sizzling in the air around him, and he knew he was going to have to take a Rad-Away when he got back under the roof. He bent down to fill up the pot, and then ran back to the amphitheater, trying his best not to spill anything. When he got back under the roof, he breathed a sigh of relief. He could still feel the sizzling of the radiation against his skin, but it wasn't as direct as it was without any cover.
Basically I'm super depressed that SPN has officially finished filming, so I'm coping by writing and reading as much fanfic as I can. That's healthy right?
“At least my job taught me how to correctly wrap a present,” Balthazar points to the mess in front of Gabriel. He’s been trying to wrap up a candle, but he’s having a hard time with it.
Jo gets into the car, and she must lock the door because the Guardians can’t get in from the outside. She immediately steps on the gas and starts racing around the market. People have to duck into stalls and jump out of the way to avoid being hit. The Guardians quickly move in with vans to keep her from being able to escape the Town Square. Once she’s boxed in, she stops the car and the Guardians start pounding on the window, yelling at her to unlock the car and step out of the vehicle.
“Please don’t take her!” He begged them over and over again, but they didn’t listen. They were just faceless men in black uniforms, doing their jobs with absolutely no empathy.
“There isn’t one,” Castiel concedes quietly. He’s quickly losing his resolve the longer he stares into Dean’s tear-filled eyes. He’s not sure what emotions are playing on his own face, but whatever Dean sees there causes him to pull him back into a hug. Maybe Dean is right. They’re living in a post-apocalyptic world for fuck’s sake. Maybe there aren’t any rules anymore.
The rickety wagon at Lamoine Orchards went over a nasty bump, startling a squeal out of Balthazar as they all tried their best to keep hay from going everywhere. They were on their annual school trip to the pumpkin patch. Castiel wasn’t sure why they were being forced to go pick out pumpkins as juniors in high school, but he was always down for free hot cocoa. The entire class was trying to sip their cocoa without getting it all over themselves every time the wagon went over a bump, and Castiel planned what he was going to say to Luke and Marv when he saw them.
Sam nodded and started again. “The first victim of The Clover Killer was Tanya Bell. Cause of death was multiple stab wounds and strangulation.”
Did Castiel still get to have this? Even after his confession? Before he got his answer, Dean pulled away with a groan. Castiel opened his eyes and saw him doubled over with his head in his hands.
This is the first time that Dean has been on the list. If someone had asked him two months ago if he’d be considering getting Dean a Christmas gift, the answer would’ve been no-freaking-way, but things are different now. Castiel feels like the two of them are actually friends now. Dean is really funny and smart and stubborn and cute, although Castiel likes to pretend to himself that he doesn’t notice that last part.
Castiel blocked out their arguing and continued to focus on the information before him on the bulletin board. The answer was right in front of them, he just had to find it. He closed his eyes and thought for a minute. When he opened his eyes it all made sense. “Enough.” He didn’t yell, but he said it loud enough to get everyone’s attention. “Gabe, tell them we’re ready.” He started walking over towards the door.
“I’m going to Fish Frenzy,” he finally replies, keeping his voice meek. His throat hurts having to constantly speak in this falsetto tone, but he’s finally gotten used to it.
“Not only that, brother,” Benny cut in. The two of them must’ve had him on speakerphone. “This morning I followed the two of them to the Impala. They found the note you asked me to put there, but Dean didn’t seem to react at all to it.”
“Don’t make a single sound,” Charlie hissed at her and then turned towards Dean. “Did anybody see you?”
Charlie paced back and forth through the Men of Letters’ Paris bunker while she waited for her call to connect with Sam. It was nine in the evening in Paris, so it’d be in the afternoon back in the states. She was still jet-lagged, so she was wide awake. She looked out the window towards the city and didn't get much time to admire the beauty of Paris lit up at night before Sam answered the phone.
As the girl kept whimpering, he squeezed his eyes shut and prayed to any god that would listen to get them the hell out of there.
"You've heard of me?" He asked.
The Alpha nods. “Where’d you hear it?” His tone isn’t angry, but Dean can tell he isn’t going to be able to avoid answering the question.
He was shivering by the time morning finally came and the bank opened. He rushed inside immediately, sighing in relief at the feeling of the heaters slowly warming his freezing hands. The place was virtually empty aside from a few bank tellers and other workers milling around. Since the bank only opened a few minutes ago, he wouldn’t be surprised if he was the first customer today. He stepped forward to the front desk where a kind looking blonde woman was watching him approach with a small smile on her face. He felt his nerves spike as he thought about what he was about to do. He'd made sure to memorize the lengthy bank account number before he got there so he wouldn't look suspicious. He just hoped they only needed the number and wouldn’t ask him for his name.
. He pulls Dean into his chest and wraps his arms around him in a hug.
“Be right there,” he replied. When he got outside he immediately started searching the huge white tent for his friends. He didn't find them, but he did spot Anna’s notorious red hair at one of the tables. He walked over to her, took a deep breath, and tried to be confident.
He licked his lips and watched as Blue tracked the movement with those eyes. He still felt a bit groggy from sleep, and he was confused about how they got into this position, but he wasn’t complaining. He raised his hand up to touch Blue’s face. The first feel of stubble against his palm made him want to groan as he imagined what that stubble would feel like in other places. He noticed Blue look down at his lips again before he started to lean in.
“Oh, I completely forgot!” Gabriel excitedly pulls out his phone. “Guess who’s number I got from my dad.”
“Is this one a model?” Dean pointed at the blonde guy blowing a kiss at the camera.
Andrew’s face twitches again. “Take it off!”
. He wants it to be real, not something that neither of them has any say in. “Okay,” he sighs. “Have you spoken to Ofal about it yet?”
At the bottom of the hill he reached the creek that ended up turning into the river that flowed past his neighborhood. He was surprised to see that it hadn’t completely dried up. There was still some water down at the bottom of the creek bed. He walked over the footbridge that went over what was left of the creek and saw the gates that surrounded his old neighborhood were still standing even though they were leaning over at an angle. He walked through the street looking at all the broken and crumbling houses of his old neighbors. He knew some of these families personally and others he’d see from time to time walking their dogs or riding their bikes through the neighborhood.
“Tell them everything,” Castiel says flatly.
After a couple more rings, Dean finally answers the phone. “He is dead!” The unsub yells. “If you hang up on me again, I will tear him apart!”
“No,” Dean quickly replied. “You’re just pretty quick for an old man.” He lightly shoved Blue’s shoulder to show he was only kidding, and the other man smiled. They continued to walk in silence while Dean had an internal freak-out. His father was forty-one. Was it fucked up for him to have a crush on a thirty-nine year old?
6:30pm
Castiel had been in the FBI for going on ten years now, but he used to work out of Illinois. He just recently got a call from his older brother Gabriel, who was the head of the Behavioral Analysis Unit in Quantico, Virginia, that a spot opened up on their team. Castiel didn’t accept the offer at first, because he’d been through a traumatic incident on the job recently and was taking some time off, but he knew Gabe wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t important. Also with a baby on the way, he needed to be able to find a way to provide for his family. This promotion to Assistant Supervisory Unit Chief would come with a huge pay increase. It would also give them a chance to get out of their small town lives in Illinois and live in the big city like Amelia had always dreamed of.
Once they reached the main floor, Castiel asked, “So what did you need my help with?”
“If it was only boys, I probably wouldn’t have come,” Dean says sourly. “I’ve seen what guys around here do for fun, and it usually involves torturing
Sam called Gordon first. “VampireSlayer, you’re activated. Giving you authorization to use any necessary measures to neutralize Impala67.”
The Alpha stares at him for a few moments as if he’s trying to figure out if he should answer the question. “She’s dead.”
Dean thinks for a moment. This unsub is going to call them back. It’s only a matter of time. She’s probably trying to compose herself first. Dean also knows that in order to make her sweat and reveal something about herself, they’ll need to keep Alfie and Larry away from the phone. That might prove to be tricky.
“They tore down Dartmouth and Yale last month,” Jo says somberly. “They fucking erased them.”
When he opened up his eyes, Charlie was holding two pill bottles out towards him. He reached his hand out slowly to take them, confusion written on his face. Chems were given after the mission was complete. Those were the rules. No exceptions.
He nods to the guard that he’s ready, or at least he’s as ready as he’s ever going to be. The guard brings Gadreel into the room and sits him down on a chair on one side of the table. Gadreel doesn’t even spare a glance towards Castiel.
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
“3,” Benny said. “What about the next one?”
“Are you serious?” Dean’s voice raises in pitch. “You want to do a magic trick with this guy?” He knows Sam went through a magic phase when he was younger, but this is next-level risky. If the unsub catches Sam trying to pull one over on him, he could lash out.
Mrs. Abel nods and the other wives gasp in horror. “You know how omegas get,” Mrs. Abel says. “I’m just counting down the days until Anael is weaned and that girl is out of my house for good.”
“It’s probably nothing, but her dog is refusing to eat anything. Normally when she’s gone, I’ll feed her dog and he eats ravenously, but the past few days he hasn’t eaten anything,” the brother said sadly, “It’s like he can sense something is wrong.”
“Should I wash these?” He asks.
Balthazar and Luke both run their hands through their blond hair simultaneously while Gabe and Marv take huge bites out of the candy bars Crowley had his driver set out for them. Dean is struck by how similar Zar and Luke are. They have the exact same haircut, and they’re both flirty and sassy. Gabe and Marv both have crude senses of humor and love eating. For a second, Dean wonders if Crowley had purposely tried to recreate Castiel’s B.L.U. group. Maybe Castiel was right in calling him a wannabe. Dean listens as Marv and Gabe start gushing about one of the cute seniors at the girl school, and he shakes his head. Not even Crowley is that psychotic.
“You are not going to believe this!” Dean hisses as he comes to a stop next to Castiel in line. “Your campaign posters are gone.”
Castiel couldn't tell if Dean was disgusted or impressed. He felt his cheeks grow even more red. “I never had occasion, okay?”
threw Sam to the ground and cursed. Sam started crawling backwards towards the farmhouse, and Dean looked back at Bobby and could see unshed tears in his eyes. “Take care of him,” Dean said quietly enough to where the other men won’t hear, but he knew Bobby would. “And tell Dad I’m sorry.” Bobby nodded solemnly.
“Yes.”
“We’ve been sent good weather,” he mumbles.
Balthazar and Gabriel admire the freshly painted barn while Castiel does his best to pretend like he’s fine. Crowley should be getting here any minute. Dean should be here too, but Castiel did a great job of pushing him away. He’s most likely ruined their friendship before it even really had a chance to start. It’s not Dean’s fault that Castiel has unrequited feelings for him. He’s jealous of Lisa and took it out on Dean by not only insulting her but also insulting him as well. Dean is right. Castiel doesn’t really know anything about him.
“How are you feeling?” He asked and then wanted to punch himself for being so stupid. Of course Dean wasn’t feeling good. He’d just been assaulted yesterday.
Castiel shrugged Dean’s hand off of his shoulder. He hadn’t intended to do it that forcefully, but when he opened his eyes and saw the hurt expression on Dean’s face, he felt slightly awful. “Dean,” he sighed. “I just can’t okay?” Dean nodded but didn’t say anything. He looked absolutely miserable, and Castiel hated himself. Dean had been nothing but trusting and kind with him, even when he had every reason to hate him. He stuck by him when he could’ve gone to the Brotherhood of Steel for help,
Dean paused. “Shut up.”
He slowly descends the back stairs and heads towards the kitchen. Mistress Abbadon made it clear that he’s only to use the back stairs that betas use, not the main stairway. When he gets to the kitchen he sees Benny working at the stove. He’s the beta stationed in their house. He’s pretty grumpy, but so far he’s been pleasant enough. A lot of betas are rude towards omegas, but Benny has treated him with respect. He's wearing his usual outfit of muted colors, always brown or khaki or gray. The dull colors signal that he’s a beta, unfit for mating or marriage. The omega watches from the doorway while Benny turns up the stove. He must be cooking the Heyerdahls' breakfast.
He looked down towards the river and groaned. He knew that the river was his only hope of getting Blue cooled off, but bodies of water held a lot of rads, and they’d already just weathered an incredibly long radiation storm. He looked in their bag of supplies to see how many medications they had. They didn’t have too many, unfortunately. Dean injected Blue with a stimpak which was for general healing. He wasn't sure how much of this sickness was due to the radiation poisoning and how much was due to the ghoul bite. The effects of the ghoul bite couldn’t be reversed except by the cure, but maybe he could slow down whatever was happening.
“Shopping and the weather,” the Guardian sighs and looks up to Aunt Naomi for help.
“Thanks, but I should probably go,” Dean says, pushing back from the table. He leaves before they can try to convince him to stay. The last thing he wants to do is have to awkwardly sit at a dinner with Castiel and his overly-concerned parents. He rushes back to the guest house to make sure John isn’t taking out his frustrations on Sam. He doesn’t usually get physical unless he’s been drinking, but Dean isn’t going to take that chance.
“Yes, and he also caused thousands of dollars of property damage when other cars got into wrecks trying to get out of the way,” Charlie said angrily. “Sam, your brother is out of control! We’re lucky nobody was killed.”
“Someone likes you a lot!” Crowley gushes.
“That’s all I heard. I didn’t want to risk getting caught, but it sounds like the Boss wants him bad.”
“Where is he now?” Dick asked angrily.
“Dr. Sam Winchester,” Dean interrupted him, and Castiel looked up. He saw from glancing at Sam’s file that he'd passed through the academy with flying colors, but if he was only twenty-four and already had a doctorate, he must've been very intelligent.
Dean’s mouth was open wide in shock. He felt dizzy and wondered for a second if he was about to faint because his heart was beating so quickly. He couldn't believe he was tricked by a conference call! He should’ve known to check how many people were on the call, but he hadn’t even thought about it.
He immediately goes to his bedroom window and closes the blinds so Castiel won’t be able to see him. Then he opens up his computer to see an unread message from Castiel asking if he’s ready to study together. He puts his IM status to “do not disturb,” and turns his borrowed cellphone to airplane mode so he won’t get any more messages. He doesn’t want to hear from Castiel now, tomorrow, or ever again.
Mrs. Novak was wearing a gray pantsuit that fit her perfectly. Dean figured she must’ve just gotten home from work, but then again all of the Novaks had been dressed up in their Sunday best when they first got here. Maybe they didn’t know the definition of comfortable clothes. “I’m actually here to see you,” she said with a smile.
Dean pulled back, his pupils dilated in the dark. “Is this alright?” He asked gruffly. Castiel couldn't seem to figure out how to make his words work, so he just nodded, and Dean leaned in again. This time he kissed him with more force. Castiel felt his tongue swipe at his lips, and he immediately opened up to let Dean in. The two of them groaned simultaneously when their tongues met. “Fuck,” Dean said again, pulling back. “Let’s get back to my place.”
Dean nodded his head vigorously. “I realize. I realize.” He could feel tears leaking down his cheeks, but he didn’t care how embarrassing this looked. He didn’t care that he was begging. He would do anything to avoid whatever punishment they were planning to inflict on him. Claire had lost a hand for cursing at Aunt Naomi that first day. What could possibly be in store for him after he attacked an Aunt and tried to escape?
“I’m not going to hurt you,” The man whispered, and Dean opened his eyes in surprise. The man looked around as if he was making sure nobody could hear him. He had dark hair, bags under his eyes, and he looked like he was in his late thirties. When Dean got past the initial surprise at his eyes, he looked into them and could tell immediately that this guy had seen his fair share of shit. There'd be no point in trying to fight him. Dean knew he would lose. “You been in here the whole time?” He asked and Dean nodded. “Damn, you’re sneaky." The man reached out his hand as if to help him up. Dean ignored the gesture. He slowly stood up on his own, and the man let his hand drop. “Did you find anything good in here?” He looked down at the bag Dean was clutching in his other hand, and Dean shook his head. “You’re a quiet one, huh?”
Castiel looks genuinely sad to hear that, but he nods. Once they’ve finished picking up the pieces, Castiel grabs his hand to help pull him up. When Dean stands up they’re standing only a foot apart from each other. He can’t help but look down at Castiel’s slightly chapped lips, wondering what they’d feel like against his own. Because he’s busy looking down, it surprises him when he feels Castiel kiss his forehead again.
The sunlight breaking through the open window woke Dean up with a start. It took him a second to remember where he’d been sleeping and another second to remember who he’d been sleeping with. He turned his head to the side and saw a head of messy black hair on the pillow next to his. It was going to take a while for him to get used to seeing Cas with dark hair. He leaned over the sleeping body next to him to get a look at his face.
“What is it?” Dick asked.
“You didn’t think about it?!” She screeches.
“A wondrous day,” Aunt Naomi clapped her hands together enthusiastically. “Once a month on fertile days, the omega will present themselves for their Alpha. You will pose like a flower waiting to be seeded.” A silence filled the room as the omegas realized what she was implying.
“Y-yesterday you said,” Castiel begins quietly. He clears his throat, and his next words come out slightly more confident. “You said that we could…” He takes a slow breath. Dean is dying of curiosity, but he waits patiently for Cas to finish. “You said that we could practice?”
A few hours later Bobby calls the team into the conference room. Apparently there’s a situation developing, and the BAU has been asked to help. Castiel follows Gabriel downstairs to their conference room where they do the debriefings. Jessica is standing up by the projector so she can control the images she puts on the screen.
All of his ex-friends plus Brady are sitting on the floor surrounded by bowls of snacks, and music is blasting from the stereos in the corners of the room. Even Dean is there, chewing on a stick of red licorice and laughing. He doesn’t look sick at all.
“You know who I am,” Castiel replies confidently.
Dean was shaking, and he wasn't sure if it was because of his crying or because of shock. Blue held him through it and started to rock him slowly. Dean tried his best to focus on the sound of the older man's heart beating from where his tear-stained cheek was pressed against his chest. He could feel himself falling further and further towards darkness, but it wasn't frightening. Instead he felt safe and relaxed.
“Because if I was lying you know I would’ve come up with a way better excuse than that.”
After he leaves, Dean goes over to his computer to read the last email that Lisa had sent him again. He'll have to tell Cas about it later.
“See ya,” Balthazar chirped.
Dean sat with his back against the bathroom door and his head in his hands. His migraine had gone from being an annoyance to being fucking intolerable. It felt like his skull was trying to split into two. His headache also wasn’t helped by the incessant apologies coming from Cas on the other side of the door.
“And why do you need to go to Morocco at eight at night on a Tuesday?” Castiel asked skeptically.
“How is that possible?” Castiel whispers. He’s totally in shock right now. He thought for sure they were going to win.
When Dean gets back into the house he steels himself to confront Mistress Abbadon. He needs to get her to forgive him and let him out of his fucking room. He’ll get down on his hands and knees for her if he has to but he needs this ridiculous time-out to end.
“Of course, I did,” Dean laughed, leaning over to grab a piece of bacon. He didn't break eye contact with Castiel as he took a bite and chewed thoughtfully. Castiel felt like he might spontaneously combust at any moment. How was everything Dean did sexy? Castiel picked up a piece of bacon and mimicked him. It looked like Dean’s eyes darkened slightly, but before he could tell for sure, the green-eyed man looked away and coughed into his hand. Castiel finished that piece of bacon and took a sip of the coffee. It was made just the way he liked it.
“Let me patch you up.” Castiel walked over to his duffel bag, trying not to let the emotion that felt suspiciously like hope take root inside of him. For all he knew, Dean wouldn't want anything to do with him once this ended. He had to remember that in order to soften the blow when Dean inevitably left him again. Since he’d been practically living on the street for a while, he’d made sure to always carry the essentials with him. He pulled out a minimalist first aid kit and walked back over to the bed Dean was sitting on. He tried his best not to get distracted by Dean’s incredible chest while he looked over the knife wound in his side. Thankfully it didn’t look too deep. “Okay, I think I need to stitch it up. It’ll probably hurt, because I haven’t done this before,” he warned. “Hold this so I can see what I’m doing.” He handed Dean the flashlight.
“I did stay in your quarters though.” Dean smirked.
“Not anymore.” Gabriel points to the screen where the bus driver is sneaking sips from a flask.
Gabriel rolls his eyes. “You’re asking for something we wouldn’t give a minor criminal…”
“It’s not all in your head,” Castiel continues, raising his voice. “It’s physical. Hard to get it up when there’s not much there to begin with, isn’t it?” His words have their intended effect. Jesperson drops the girl and is able to fire off one shot at Castiel before Jo takes him down with a bullet to the leg.
Dean freezes for a second. That wasn’t the answer he was expecting, but he has a feeling Castiel is bluffing so he continues to push him. “Okay, fine,” he says and starts walking towards the main house.
He grabbed both duffel bags of supplies, because he wasn't sure what it was going to take to trade to get this cure, but he left his raider armor behind. It was a risk going out into the city without any armor, but he knew for sure that nobody in Diamond City would let him in if he was wearing raider armor. He took one last look at Blue before taking off deeper into the city. He had no idea what ‘green wall’ or ‘white arrows’ could mean, but he hoped that it would be clear once he got closer. As he walked through the streets, he tried to hug the walls of the buildings as closely as possible so he didn’t stand out. These buildings would make the perfect places for raiders to camp out, and he wasn't in the mood to get shot at today.
Castiel knows in that moment that God must exist and that wherever He is, He must be making it His divine duty to torture Castiel as much as possible. That’s the only explanation for why the boy they’re looking for looks exactly like a younger version of Samandriel. Right down to his hairstyle and small smile. Castiel closes his eyes and clenches his fists, trying to stay in the present. This isn’t Samandriel. Samandriel is dead. This is Matt and Alfie Pike, eighteen year old twins. Both of them are in their first year of college. Matt has been kidnapped. Matt’s girlfriend was killed. The BAU team has until eight pm to prepare for the phone call.
Dean wanted to say that the reason he had to steal in the first place was because John drank and gambled away all of their money, but the words stuck in his throat. He’d always known that Sam was the better of the two of them. That was why he did everything he could to take care of him and support him. He was the one with a bright future ahead of him, not Dean. He knew deep down his dad was right, so he stayed quiet.
“The Brotherhood of Steel is for self-righteous assholes who want an excuse to kill things but still take the moral high ground. They’re as blood-thirsty as raiders and gunners except they turn their bloodlust towards what they perceive to be lesser species,” Blue said with disgust, and Dean was surprised by his tone. “I’m not saying things like ferals and super mutants shouldn’t be eradicated. Those groups cannot be reasoned with, and they pose a danger to humans so I agree that they should be taken out. Newer models of synths, however, have the ability to reason and make choices and… feel emotions.” Blue took a deep breath to calm himself.
Castiel immediately stiffened, and he turned around to face Dean. His face was closed off, but he didn’t look like he’d been crying. “He said ‘isn’t she the girl’,” Castiel said breathlessly.
Dean groans in frustration as he stares at the two fragments left on the table. It took him a few hours, but he was able to assemble the rest of the bomb except for these last pieces. He has absolutely no clue where they should go. Charlie obviously hasn’t been much help, but she’s good company. Right now she’s walking back and forth playing some new video game on her Nintendo switch.
“Bobby Singer,” the man said, reaching his hand out. He looked rough around the edges with a slightly graying beard and a worn-out trucker's cap.
“Language!” Naomi scolded him, and Crowley bowed his head in apology. “Castiel, honey, can I have a word with you in the living room?” Naomi gave Dean a small smile as she walked past him. Castiel didn't spare him a second glance as he stalked by following his mother. After the two of them were gone, the kitchen became uncomfortably quiet. Dean wished he had followed his gut earlier and returned to the guest house instead of subjecting himself to more of this.
The Guardian looks up at him. “Yes, it’s nice.” He looks back down and writes some more. “Nice and private.” Dean feels his heart-rate begin to pick up. “What did you talk about when you walked by the river?”
Sam spoke up before Dean could say anything further. “He made a mistake,” he said. “It happens. Despite how much we prepare for these situations, humans are unpredictable. We can assemble the most accurate profile in the world and sometimes the unsub acts in a way we didn’t plan for.” Sam turned to glare at Dean again. “It wasn’t Novak’s fault.”
He was startled out of his scavenging by the sound of pops in the distance. Gunshots? Castiel crouched down behind the counter and listened. The sounds continued, and he could tell now that they were definitely gunshots. He was torn between being immensely relieved that he was apparently not the only human left alive and terrified about who was shooting and what they could possibly be shooting at.
After passing through what must’ve been an old waiting room or lobby, they headed into a narrow hallway. There was water on the floor and wires hanging from the ceiling. Dean could tell why Blue considered this place creepy. He hoped wherever they’d be staying was somewhat nicer than this. They headed down a flight of stairs into an area that branched off in multiple directions. There was an elevator with a blinking light, so it must've still been functioning even after two hundred years. There were also some lights on around the place. It made sense they’d have some sort of electricity in a building this huge. Some of the men headed off towards another set of double doors while others headed down another flight of stairs off to the right. Dean waited for Blue to lead the way. He followed him in the third direction, up a flight of stairs. They walked down a short hallway and reached a door. Blue pulled out a key, unlocked it, and motioned for Dean to go inside.
Repeating the facts of the case to himself seems to help calm him slightly, though he does flinch when he feels a hesitant hand on his shoulder. He opens his eyes and sees that it’s Dean. The other agent is standing next to him with a concerned look on his face. Castiel instinctively shrugs the hand off of him, and Dean looks hurt for a second before he schools his expression.
“Why do you have an accent?” Dean asked to break the silence.
“He got bit by a feral,” Dean said. “He needs the cure. He’s… not doing well.”
The Guardian scribbles another note while Naomi continues, “But you knew she was an abomination.”
Dean’s blood freezes to ice in his veins. There it is.
. More Guardians.
It takes Dean a good thirty seconds to control his laughter while Castiel glares at him the whole time. “I don’t think I’ve ever heard you curse before,” he finally manages to get out.
“No I wasn’t,” Brady explains as if he’s stupid. “I was talking about Crowley’s sleepover. But you’re coming right?”
“Now you have respect and protection,” Alistair retorts. Dean almost laughs. What reality is he living in where he’d call how omegas are treated
Hancock School for Boys was the private school Dean would be attending. It was for boys only, as the name implied, but it was directly across the street from the Hancock School for Girls. There was a big courtyard in between the two where it looked like both the boys and girls gathered to talk to each other before classes.
1:33pm
“You read my mind,” Castiel chuckled.
Dean clears his throat before responding. “Listen to me, no playing,” he says to Charlie. “We’re sending you some security camera footage from inside the greyhound bus. I need you to figure out who all of the hostages are and give us background information on them: residences, occupations, anything that could potentially help us. The footage is a bit grainy. Do you think you can do it?”
Dean gasps. “Novak, this was never about the money,” he says frantically, opening the car door. “It’s about the twins.”
“Each captain will take one of their new recruits to the Combat Zone, and you are not allowed to return until you make at least five thousand caps. If your recruits die in the ring, you’ll take their place until the money is made.” The captains around him all groaned. Castiel saw this as an opportunity though. If he was able to take his entire crew with him, then maybe they could finally get out from under Alistair’s thumb. “We don’t want too many people on the road attracting attention so each of you will travel by yourselves with your recruit. We’ll also stagger when everyone leaves so we always keep people here to hold our position in the factory.”
“Only if you go as a dick,” Balthazar spat back.
Dean sighs when he hears the town bell ring twice to signal it’s time for the omegas to do their shopping. They live their lives to a series of bells and commands, and he’s more than tired of it. He gets up and dumps his empty bowl into the sink to wash it. He feels Castiel move to stand behind him, and he shivers.
“I’m hosting a boy/girl Halloween party this year,” Castiel grinned.
Sam had never heard anything about any pills.
The radiation storm continued to rage above them even as the sun started peeking over the horizon. Blue had been asleep or unconscious for most of the night, and Dean couldn’t figure out if that was a good thing or a bad thing. Dean, on the other hand, hadn’t slept a wink. He was terrified of waking up to find Blue dead or worse, fully transformed into a feral ghoul. He did his best not to panic. The storm would pass soon. It had to. Then all he had to do was figure out how to get to Diamond City, find out where he could get the cure, and bring it back to Blue before it was too late. Easy.
“Why did you need to go to the doctor?” Castiel asks with a smirk. He wants Crowley to have to admit that the doctor excuse was a lie.
The two of them walked further down the street, ignoring the sirens of Guardian vehicles passing by them. After a few minutes they came across a wall with bodies strung up along equal intervals. There were so many bodies. Men and women of all ages and gender designations. Anyone who tried to fight against this new regime. The stench of decomposition as they walked passed the bodies was unlike anything Dean had ever smelled before. It was impossible to keep himself from gagging at it.
“Who gave you the right?” Gordon interrupted. “You get the nicest digs, and then you claim that little bitch to warm your bed at night.”
“I don’t know, but does this suit make me look too handsome?” Castiel asks, showing off his new navy suit that’s been tailored to him. Gabriel and Balthazar don’t even look at him.
“Look,” Dean sounded frustrated. “You drive, I pay. It’s that simple.”
“I decided I should come out as gay to my family,” he continued, and Dean nodded in understanding. “To say they didn’t take it well would be an understatement. They kicked me out.”
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
“Just say it,” he hissed.
“Mom, why don’t you stop worrying about him so much and start thinking about how all of your intervening is affecting me!” His voice cracked on that last word, and he took a deep breath so he wouldn't cry. He wasn't sad. He was just angry and unfortunately his anger seemed to be hard-wired to his tear ducts. He stormed out of the living room and into the downstairs bathroom to splash some cold water on his face and cool off.
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
“You have no idea,” Castiel says, his voice even deeper than it usually is. Dean feels Castiel’s hands on his shoulders as he pushes him away from him gently.
Dean’s face pinches up in confusion, both at how the Commander got his hands on this when all magazines had supposedly been confiscated and burned and also at how the Commander must not know him at all if he thinks he’d be interested in reading this shit. He reaches out to grab the magazine from the Alpha.
“Okay,” Dean shifts awkwardly from foot to foot. “Castiel,” He raises his voice loud enough to where people at the nearby tables can definitely hear him. “I’d like to talk to you about what happened in the gazebo please.” Castiel feels his whole body go tense, and he sees the other boys shoot confused looks at each other out of the corner of his eye.
After they finished singing happy birthday, Castiel tried not to laugh as his dad went purple trying to blow out all forty-two candles. On his right Dean was inhaling his third piece of cake with no cares given to how many calories he was consuming. It must be nice to have a fast metabolism. On his left Sam was listening in rapt attention as their dads reminisced on different girls they’d dated in high school and that one time they’d almost let a girl come between them. That was until Chuck met Naomi and never looked back. Naomi rolled her eyes affectionately at her husband and took a sip of her wine.
“Come here, honey,” he whispered, holding his arms out for her to join him in his makeshift hiding spot. She stepped forward, and he pulled her in, sheltering her with his body. “You have to be very quiet.”
He turned around and saw a shed by the side of the vault entrance. It was probably where they controlled the elevator from the outside. He stepped over another skeleton inside the doorway and moved towards the computer on the desk. The computer didn’t work, but he did notice a first aid kit on the wall. He took bandages, pain medicine, and radiation medicine out of the kit, figuring that it was better to be safe than sorry. He didn’t know if there were any people or wildlife left out there, but he needed to try and survive. Of course if there was no wildlife left, he wouldn’t be able to survive for long, but that was a problem for later.
“I think I’ve finally found a job!” Castiel exclaimed from the couch while Dean cooked in the kitchen. It had been almost a month since he first started staying here, and he had finally landed a second interview.
“Our last omega was brand new,” his Mistress explained, “It was like trying to break a horse.” She laughed quietly. “I’m sure you won’t be as difficult.”
“Cas… I can’t run with you,” Dean said quietly, and he sounded almost sad about it. “If we run, I have to live like this. I don’t even know who I’m running from! These people know who I am, and they are trying to kill me. I need to stay here and figure this out.”
Dean and Charlie made it a point to get to the Astro Comics shop early that day. There was a new game coming out that they both wanted to buy before it was sold out. Dean knew he was probably going to be late to work, but it would be worth it. Charlie asked him to buy her a copy while she checked out the new selection of Funko Pop dolls in the display by the door.
“Anyways,” Castiel sighs. “It’s probably nothing. Do you want to work in my room again tonight?”
“Finally!” Balthazar says excitedly. He throws his hand up in the air and the other two high-five him.
Crowley is silent for a moment. “Dean, I’m sorry if I ever made you feel as bad as I feel right now.” He looks down at the ground while he speaks, but Dean can tell he’s being sincere.
“You need to take her,” his brother said, handing the backpack to him.
Dean puts his go-bag back in the closet where they keep them for easy access. Everything stays packed and ready to go except for the dirty clothes which he throws into his hamper. He’ll deal with those later. Right now he needs to get some decent sleep before their next case. Crime never rests, as they say.
Sam shakes his head. “He was probably using a disposable cell phone. They’re impossible to trace.”
. Dean remembered what Meg told him earlier. “If I’m just another recruit, why am I up here instead of in the basement dormitories?” He plastered a smug look on his face, but he hoped Blue can’t see through his bluff. He was terrified of the possibility that he’d be sent to stay with the other recruits, but he wanted Blue to be forced to share why he was breaking his usual rules for him.
“I can’t,” he whispers, thumping his head lightly against the wall in frustration.
“So, now do you want to talk about why you were pickling your liver last night?” Dean asked with a smile.
They walk forward into the town square in two lines, lined up side by side. Every omega stands next to their walking partner. When they get onto the field, they take their places kneeling on the red pillows that have been brought for them. He kneels on his pillow, taking care not to accidentally kneel on his dress. He quickly glances around them and sees multiple Guardians on the edges of the field holding their machine guns. They’re probably here to make sure nothing goes wrong during the proceedings. At the front of the town square is a big stage with the flag of their new nation proudly displayed. It’s the silhouette of a wolf howling at the moon. He looks to his right when another omega comes to sit next to him. It’s Bela. She was one of the friends he made while at the Purgatory Training Center. He hasn’t seen her since then, so he greets her with a small smile.
“Don’t you just need to check the pieces for fingerprints and stuff?” Charlie asks.
“I’m not sure.” Dean paused for a moment and then quickly army-crawled over to where Castiel was crouched on the ground. Dean took his hand and started practically dragging him towards the bathroom. “Stay in here,” he ordered. “Lock the door, and do not open it for anyone who isn’t me.”
Just like last night, Dean and Sam snuck up to Castiel’s bedroom. He felt slightly uncomfortable at how good he was getting at this. Sam went to watch the door again while Dean tried to think about what to tell Balthazar. He was a bit more tricky because Dean didn't know much about him. He knew that he cared about his grades, which was a bit odd considering the rest of his personality. He wasn't a teacher’s pet, so there must be some reason he cared so much. If Dean could figure that out, he might have his opening.
Balthazar gasps, “You’re right!”
Friday, November 13
“Dean, is this more fun than riding with Benny?” Gabriel asks.
Summer, 2299
“It’s me, Captain,” Ruby replied. He opened up the door and motioned for her and the two men beside her to come in. One was a big, burly guy and the other was tall and thin. Based on how Ruby described them, he guessed the thin one was Garth and the more muscular one was Benny. Ruby introduced them, and it turned out Castiel was right in his assumption. He shook both of their hands and then motioned towards the various seats in the room. Everyone sat, but he and Meg remained standing.
“Will there be candy?” Dean asked. If he was living anywhere else, he wouldn’t need to ask that question, but here where everyone was obsessed with calories and good impressions, he wasn’t so sure.
“This is your party? I thought it was Castiel’s." Lisa scrunches up her eyebrows, confused.
The omega smiles brightly. “Good!” She turns to start walking towards the grocery store, and Dean follows, his mind reeling. Where’s Jo?
“I think it’s your turn now,” Blue said with a smile, but it looked a bit forced.
“Please, just let me explain,” Castiel said for probably the one hundredth time. Dean just groaned. “I know you’re pissed at me, and I deserve that, but I wasn’t trying to be malicious. I was scared, Dean.”
Gabriel’s laugh abruptly cuts off. “Yeah, it’s hard to feel any sense of relief at catching one when we know there are fifty more out there who haven’t been caught yet.”
Blue paused for another moment, and Dean turned to look at him. “I’m sorry, I’m really not supposed to be telling you about any of this.”
“Is it breach?” Another wife asks. “Did you hear that word, dear?"
Dean was super glad that Benny had forgiven him and that they were friends again, but he couldn't help but wonder if he was missing out on something more. He’d be lying to himself if he said he wasn’t still obsessed with his super attractive neighbor who happened to look extra attractive tonight. He shook his head of that thought and tried to tune back in to his conversation with Benny.
“Remove what?” The officer whispers. Dean holds his hand up to silence him again. Hopefully the unsub didn’t hear that.
“Shut up, Sam!”
Castiel quickly hangs up the phone and hits ‘1’ on speed-dial to reach Gabriel. He needs to warn them about this guy before they go meet him.
“We’re just giving him a ride today," Castiel explained offhandedly. "He’s living in our guest house until his dad can afford to get a place of their own.”
“Actually I do,” Castiel pointed at his phone and then walked over to the door Dean noticed earlier. He opened it up and revealed a huge walk-in closet. Dean peeked inside and saw a bunch of different color suits as well as about twenty pairs of shoes. Why would anyone need that many pairs of shoes? Castiel picked out a pair of sneakers and took off his dress shoes to change into them.
“She’s also going to be in charge of choosing which cases we take, with my input of course,” Bobby says. “Jessica, this is Sam and Dean Winchester, they’re brothers.” Dean waves first and Sam joins him a bit late, blushing. God, he’s a mess. “This is Gabriel Milton, Unit Chief, and Castiel Novak, Assistant Unit Chief. They’re also brothers.” Jessica raises her eyebrows at that. Dean realizes it is a bit odd that there are so many relatives working in this team. “And this is Jo Harvelle, my step-daughter. As you can see we’re quite the family here.”
“I don’t really like—” Dean trailed off. “Wait, why would you assume I hate this kind of music?” Novak blushed fiercely, and Dean was too distracted by how nice it looked when contrasted with his blue eyes to wonder why.
“What does it do?”
“I forgot,” Dean says pathetically, grabbing the tie from his bag and tying it around his neck. He feels stupid following an order from Crowley, but he also knows he’s too new to the group to be able to refuse.
A few seconds after Blue left, the burly raider from yesterday came in and took a seat in the chair by the door. Dean tried not to roll his eyes. Benny seemed nice enough, though they didn’t really speak at all yesterday since Dean had been busy sulking in the bedroom. Even though he seemed nice, Dean didn’t appreciate being babysat. He was not a child.
“After you get back then,” Dean says with another smile.
“You look too young to have gone to medical school.” The brother sounded impressed.
“What do you mean?” Crowley asked. Sam kept typing away at the computer, but he strained to listen to what they were saying now that they’d both lowered their voices.
“Uh, I could probably stay with my friend Barry,” Sammy says. Dean can tell he’s scared.
“That’s probably better,” Castiel mumbles. Inias pulls the car into the school parking lot, and Castiel watches as Crowley and Brady step from the MacLeod’s limo with matching curly perms. They look amazing. Getting a curly perm was something Crowley had always talked about doing with him, but that was
Dean kicked the man’s knee once he landed in the apartment, and he looked over briefly to see that Cas was standing there in shock. “Cas, MOVE!” he yelled, and thankfully, Cas ducked into the bedroom and out of the way. The man kept firing the gun, but Dean grabbed his hand and forced the gun up into the air. The two of them fell onto the ground, wrestling for control of the weapon. He managed to get on top of the man and bashed his elbow backwards into his face before knocking the gun out of his hands. It was out of ammo anyways. Dean got a quick look at the dozens of bullet holes now adorning his ceiling before the intruder came up behind him and grabbed him in a headlock. Dean slammed his head backwards into the man who then let him go. He turned around and punched the intruder two times in quick succession.
Castiel is safe for the moment. The last stall in the teacher’s private bathroom is the only thing standing between him and a mob of angry juniors. He’s not sure exactly how much blame the other students are going to put on him, but he didn’t want to wait around after the assembly to find out. As soon as Principal Richings had clapped his hands and announced the assembly to be over, Castiel had squeezed his way through the crowd and ducked out of the emergency exit undetected. He’d been so desperate to get out of there that he’d even left behind his cell phone in the bag. Oh well, he’ll just have to buy another one after school.
“Is he alive?” Garth asked incredulously. Finding a scuba diver this far out in the ocean was unheard of, but it’d be even more insane if the man was still breathing.
“It’s okay to be relieved,” Jo says quietly, breaking the silence. “It’s okay to be glad it wasn’t you.”
Dean sat on the concrete bench next to the fountain the circular driveway wrapped around while he waited for Benny to come pick him up. He was excited to be able to hang out with his new friend even though he barely got any sleep last night. He wasn’t sure how he’d let it happen, but it had only taken a week for Castiel to sink his hooks into him. After their awkward moment outside last night, Dean wasn't even sure Castiel was aware of how he affected him.
Dean narrows his eyes and stares directly at her. “I knew she was bi.” He can feel fire pumping through his veins with his anger.
His phone rings a minute later.
“Why are you doing this?” Alfie asks, and Dean tries to stop him, but the kid doesn’t listen.
“Oh, I forgot,” Benny says and rushes back into the kitchen. He comes back with another plate. “I made brownies for dessert.”
“The hostage taker seems to be suffering from some particular psychological issues that the local law enforcement thinks we’d be better equipped to handle,” Gabriel explains.
Dean digs through his stack of pictures, looking for an adequate one to send. “You never look gross,” he thinks he hears Cas mumble.
“Alright, there’s a window on the south side of the first floor that’s broken. You’re small enough that you should be able to squeeze through. The guys won’t see you if you exit that way.” Dean was dumbfounded. Raiders never let people go and definitely not without taking all of their valuables first. The man tilted his head in confusion probably wondering why he wasn’t running.
“He’s a weird guy,” Dean says. “A weird, dorky, little guy, but he seems cool. He’s definitely qualified.” Sam is looking at him like he has two heads. “What? I’m just saying the guy has been through a lot, but he knows his stuff.”
Meg chuckled lightly. “Touché.”
Castiel is confused. “But I thought you were dating Lisa?” He phrases it like a question, hoping it comes across as innocent and not loaded.
“Biological destiny?” Dean scoffs.
“Now!” Aunt Hester shouted and then slammed the door behind herself. Charlie shot a wink through the crack at Dean and went to follow the beta before she’d get in trouble. Dean stepped out of his stall and into the one Charlie had been in. He wanted to read what she’d carved into the wood.
“What could this emergency assembly possibly be about?” Castiel whispers to Balthazar. The weekend after the party had been filled with lots of candy and post-party gossip. Nobody was in the mood to be at school today, much less to be forced to go to a lecture.
“I can handle this, Bobby,” He said while packing up the gear he'd need for the trip. “The chances of running into raiders two trips in a row is pretty small don’t you think?” Bobby rolled his eyes at him. “It’s not like I really have a choice here. Dad’s gone, and we need these supplies.” Bobby harrumphed in annoyance but didn't argue. He knew Dean was right.
“I’ll keep an eye out for them,” Benny says. “Any other special requests?”
“There were three bombings this morning all taking place in residential areas in the suburbs of Miami,” Jessica begins.
“Does this mean we have to be nice to Dean?” Balthazar asks.
Blue turned around to make sure Dean was following him when he got to the back stairway. This was a different set of stairs than the one they’d come up earlier. It was probably a less well-known exit because there weren’t as many people over here. When they got downstairs, Blue opened up a door that said ‘no admittance’ on it and stepped through. Dean looked around to make sure nobody was watching before he stepped inside as well. Through the door was absolute pandemonium. People were running around in various states of undress. Some of them were changing out of armor and back into normal clothes. Others were getting checked out by a doctor at a medical station. A handful of guys were sitting around a cooking station laughing and drinking beer. Blue walked past everyone without sparing them a glance. They didn’t pay any attention to him either. Dean jogged to keep up with him. He assumed they were in a backstage area meant for the fighters to prepare and relax after rounds. At the very back of this room was another door. Blue knocked on it.
“This guy is supposed to be a good case?” Dean asks incredulously.
“Bernie Sanders!” Sam finishes with a smirk. Dean gives him a big shove, but that just causes him to start laughing harder. “Seriously though, Castiel you did a great job, and you should’ve won.”
~ * ~
“Are you sure?” Gabriel asks.
“Your majesty, I request an audience with you,” Blue said seriously, and Dean looked at him questioningly. Blue just shook his head with a small smile.
“You never tell me anything,” John says angrily. “Worthless piece of shit.”
“Gossip credits,” Balthazar explains, annoyed. “The better the gossip, the more credits it’s worth.”
“Amelia?” He asks.
Dean figured he’d follow the others upstairs to Svenson’s room. When he got inside, he was immediately confused. This was a teenage boy’s room, not a man’s. The walls were covered with band posters, and there was a stereo system with probably at least one hundred CDs scattered all over the place. Inside the room, two cops were at Svenson’s desk where there was a computer sitting on the table. Gabriel and Castiel were standing behind them looking over their shoulders.
“Who are you, my mother?” Crowley scoffs.
“It means he’s decided on an ending,” Gabriel says. Dean knows exactly what he’s thinking. He wants to run into the bus himself to kill this guy, but he knows that wouldn’t be productive. Instead he slams his fist against the wall angrily.
“What do you mean, ‘us’?” he whispers back.
“Oh, probably the same as anywhere,” John says around a mouthful of turkey. Dean feels Castiel’s eyes on him, but he doesn’t meet them. He knows the second he sees that color blue, he will lose the tentative grip he has on his anger.
“You asked me to, Alfie,” the unsub is getting angrier now. “You wanted it!”
When they got to the subway station where the trains come through, Dean noticed a few men wearing construction hats. They were up on ladders using hammers to try and chisel away the old signs that label which directions and stations the trains stop at. That meant it was going to be difficult for them to figure out which train they needed to take.
