“I’m okay Daddy. Papa made me feel better.”
“I don’t like naps.”
Wonder and warmth flowed through him, feeling so much love for his pup that he momentarily forgot about his mate. Steve looked around, freezing when he saw why Tony isn’t next to them.
,” he whispered the last words out, knowing it was violent but that it would also bring her closure. {
“Yeah, Smiles, meet anyone interesting?” Miles suddenly felt the desire to face palm, remembering that the suit had cameras on it.
…where both children had their pants pulled down while Bucky was simply looking frantically between the kids and Steve, mouth gaping open and closed in shock.
“Yeah. That works. Love you kiddo,” he said in choked breaths, making Daci realize he was upset for a good reason. She hugged him tightly in return, loving this man so much.
," he stage whispered with a wink, getting a groan from most of the crowd.
She never understood how that worked.
Chicken alfredo was a favorite of Joey’s. She should be here soon as Tony did so little as to
He shook his head no in response, remembering that he hadn’t spent that much time with the woman to have a real conversation.
What kind of name is Tiberius Stone, anyway? Some power hungry prick that hurt the love of his life…
Tony laughed, heart filled with warmth at both her impressive memory as well as her wit. He selfishly hoped she’d say yes.
“Told you he was generous,” Steve said with a smug smile before turning the subject back to Bucky. “Why don’t you sleep with your kid?”
One such particular day, he was pulling James along behind him as they climbed the steps to his apartment after school. He was a little alarmed when he heard Lucky barking inside, followed by the sounds of someone talking to him.
,” she stressed with a smile, “I think I
Sorry for the pacing...hope y'all liked it. Also please blame all shitty translations on Google, twas it's fault.
“Did you know they were one of the last dinosaurs ever? T-Rex’s weren’t even alive when Stegosaurus’ were! Cause the T-Rex is from the Cretaceous Period, not the Jurassic Period! Did you know that?” Harley asked, practically skipping and making Steve jog a little to catch up.
"Pay attention old man! I do not...want...a party," she said slowly and loudly to emphasize his age. He glared at his middle child as Steve finally joined them in the kitchen, kissing Tony's cheek as he moved to grab something from the fridge. The blonde leaned back against the counter, protein shake in hand as he addressed their girl.
“Just hand over my niece and I won’t sick SHIELD on your dumbass,” Clint said, taking Emerson from him and gently placing her on the ground by Peter to check for injuries.
Sweetly leaning down, inches from his lips before saying, “yup” before taking off running down the stairs.
“Is yours as good as your Ma’s hot chocolate?” Bucky asked, getting a laugh out of the blonde as Steve began to pull the ingredients out of the cabinet and fridge.
He sat next to her on the floor watching her, a small smile appearing on his face when she started singing to herself quietly. She was playing with the bubbles, giggling to herself when they tickled her as she made a hat out of them. He let her play for a few more minutes before gently taking a washrag to wash the remnants of her lunch off her body and shampooing her hair.
“Love you too sweet angel!” she called after him as she made her way to the elevators.
“Shhh, I’m sorry, baby girl, I promise it’ll feel better soon,” Steve whispered as he gently spread the ointment across the scars. She blushed, both from the endearment and from the cold gel-like substance gently slathered on her back. It was cold but acted immediately, she could feel her back numbing as the Captain’s insanely large hands soothingly rubbed her aching spine. She found herself in a tranquil peace, both from the comfort of the (men!) around her and from the pains from earlier that had begun to fade. She hadn’t even noticed the two men were still focused on the welts.
“Heck, your Daddy could probably make one you could ride and customize it to your favorite dinosaur. Maybe make a stegosaurus and ride it’s back with the dorsal fins,” the Alpha teased, smiling when the pup groaned against him.
“Wait, who’s Cara?” Steve asked.
He looked back over his husband, rolling his eyes but still smiling in approval at his actions when thinking of the possibility of losing that girl. He also tightened his grip around her, digesting that information as quickly as possible when a thought crossed his mind.
“Come on Harley, sit with me till Daddy gets back and then we’ll watch Disney movies!” Peter said as he gently pulled his little brother onto his lap. Tony was able to get up and smiled at the group before making his escape, coming back a few minutes later.
“G’andaddy!” the boy cried in his cracked-sleepy voice as Peter handed the boy to his Dad, the older brunette squealing in equal excitement.
“Baby, there is plenty of me for you to focus on, can it not be the reminder that I needed heart surgery before forty?” Steve found himself cocking his head to the side, glaring a little at the love of his life.
“How long did you yell at him for?”
He half-smiled at her, concern growing when she remained quiet; really hopeful that she would explain herself soon.
So the arachnid turned his fury back to his husband, who was still trying to hide behind his much shorter sister.
She got a few kicks in, and one backhand to the biggest of them; Alexis Washington. But ultimately they were able to hold her back as Staci approached her – and proceeded to punch her in the ribs several times. And though this bitch was skinny, apparently she had lean muscle hiding under the skin and bones she called a body. Because this shit actually hurt.
PETER
“You’re wearing makeup on your face,” Tony pointed out quietly, causing the teen to blush furiously at them. Steve looked at his husband first in confusion, before extending the look to their daughter who was looking at anything but the blonde.
“You’re right…” Steve muttered, avoiding eye contact with the man.
“This boy at school asked me and I didn’t know what to say. He said he has cousins and aunts and uncles and grandparents and whatever ‘second-cousins’ are?” she asked, staring out the backseat window.
“Yeah, I’m just fine babe.”
Okay, now he was genuinely starting to worry. He held off on doing anything irrational, repeatedly telling himself she was probably fine. When three hours had passed, he called Tony. It immediately went to voicemail followed by a ping indicating a text message.
“DAD! Get this thousand-pound dinosaur off me!” Tony didn’t say anything, eyes still focused on his tablet but now sporting a grin on his face, knowing what was about to happen. Steve let out a “that’s it” before flipping over to further trap the teenager beneath him, hands digging into his sides as he tickled Peter who could only wriggle and laugh between breaths.
She took a beat before responding in a hushed tone, ashamed at the water in her eyes, “why are you guys doing this?” You don’t deserve this, that fucking voice reminded her.
“Holy shit.”
“Peter?” he heard his Pop’s voice behind him. He quickly turned around and saw his father looking skeptically between the two. Wade’s voiced changed as he started to say, “excuse me sir.” Peter saw him begin to turn towards the exit and quickly said, “Wade!”
“You know, I haven’t technically said yes,” Rhodey said after a moment, though Tony could see a smile on the man’s face.
“You don’t know that.”
son about
“So what’s got you so upset?” Jo looked in awe of this woman, sounding like she genuinely wanted to know if she was okay. There was also something about this woman that made it nearly impossible for Joey to lie to her.
“Sweetie, Joey can call me whatever she wants, including Aunt May,” the woman said pointedly to Jo as she felt her cheeks blush.
He couldn't believe that he'd fallen for it, but didn't really mind the superhero sandwich his ridiculous and loving dads pulled him into.
“Emerson kept yours for you...right?”
“This morning. Your mother is out shopping with Anna for baby stuff. She wanted to let you sleep in so she grabbed him and didn’t put him down until I suggested a shopping trip. She tried taking him with her but I said as a new Omega mother you’d freak out if Harley wasn’t home when you woke up,” his father explained with a serious expression before it melted and he spoke softly, “It was the only way I could get to hold my grandson.”
“Wow! Daddy and Papa you guys look so handsome!” Peter exclaimed as her Tati rejoined them.
Even though Dr. Strange ended up being a few hours late – caught up on the other side of the world – overall things were going smoothly.
- her other obnoxious father decided to pipe in.
"I'm Spiderman," the teen confessed. Steve prepared himself to bury his face in his husband's shoulder once the screeching commenced, but ended up doing so anyway when the boy responded:
STEVE
“You know what the sad thing is? Peter’s actual grandmother has a smart phone, granted…she’s only in her late 50s but still…”
“And I am off to get our pup. You can punish me later,” Steve said with a smug smile, grabbing his jacket as he headed towards his brother in the ring. “Love you doll, I’ll text you when I have Harley with me, okay?”
. We talk about getting you professional help.”
“Yeah, but I’m your impossible, Stevie,” he responded with an eyebrow wiggle, hoping the cheesy line would help get things back on track. He smiled and felt his chest warm up with the laugh that came from that beautiful man’s mouth. Though it did mean Steve let go of his shoulders and take two steps back. He suddenly got an idea that could further prove his sexual deviance.
” Wade growled at the toddler who suddenly made a game of trying to jump back in the pool his Daddy was in. She noticed Peter (trying to) put the floaties on a wiggly Lillian's tiny arms and laughed when her own dads and younger brother walked past them to join her.
Maybe Tony had a point, he might be too mad to talk to her. His anger stayed burning in his chest as Tony put his arm around her, Steve only able to stare at that damn bottle.
“Calm down, ya tiny terrorist. I got you a hot vanilla latte. I’ve learned my lesson.” Sam handed her a cup with a smile, before passing out the rest of the cups.
“Then I’ll tell your scary auntie.”
He checked the regular places he knew she liked to hang out at, as well as at a few of her friends’ houses. Nothing.
“-I’M NOT GOOD ENOUGH FOR YOU!” Steve shouted before immediately lowering his voice. “I’m majoring in ‘undeclared’ at a community college. You’re going to MIT,” Steve added, unable to add more to his point when Tony suddenly peeled out of the parking lot and sped across the streets. “Tony? What the hell? What are you doing? Where are we going?” he asked, panic in his voice as he hastily buckled his seat belt.
“I figured I owed you for springing myself on you like that,” he said sincerely as he let her go while they walked to his car.
“Shh, it’s okay, I’ve got you,” he whispered to the crying child in his lap. His heart broke a little knowing what this was. Another goddamn nightmare about her goddamn monster of a father. His arms tightened protectively around his kid, peppering the top of her head with kisses and further whispers of reassurance.
“I got it cut off, do you like it?” Daci didn’t reply for a moment, taking a step back before frowning.
"Well you remember I was sick a while back? And then she was out of town, and then I thought I had been doing pretty great anyway, so I just hadn't...rescheduled," she finished explaining as she felt him grow more rigid around her. She knew she was in deep shit when he pulled his hand out to guide her chin to face him.
"Hey guys, we gotta get heading back. Peter, Miles! You guys look so handsome," the blonde said as he smiled at their boys.
make you,” he said gently, glad to see her finally sit up more little at that. She waited until Tony came back to move around in her chair to make it easier for Steve to access her injury.
"I like the beard," Buck said, getting a laugh from Steve.
"Bye!" Miles shouted before Tony tickled him.
It was only about a year ago when Steve brought up wanting to have kids, which started several months of debates between artificial insemination, adopting and fostering. Ultimately, they decided to adopt when they found a pregnant teenager who wanted a second chance at life. May Parker, seventeen year old who wanted to go to Harvard and have a closed adoption. Which Tony and Steve would happily fund in exchange for their first child.
Later was now as he handed her a brand new picture frame with the photo of her and Bucky. She gingerly took it from him, Tony unable to see her expression as her head hung in response, long hair covering her face. He could see her fingers gently trace over the picture before a tear drop splashed on the glass. She turned to him suddenly, tears in her eyes and a smile on her face.
Steve  joined Emerson on the couch and handed some blankets to her before answering for himself, “no I hadn’t seen it. I’m assuming it’s pretty good?”
He chuckled at her words, secretly hating his best friend and her witchy ways.
Steve’s pupils were dilated to the point that you could barely see the blue and his predatory grin sent a small shiver down Tony’s spine as the man claimed his lips once more. His hands reached around to grab his ass again, this time lifting the smaller man up into his arms. Tony squealed but kept kissing him, absolutely loving how much the blonde has learned in such a small amount of time.
“Steve, this is Tony.”
“You remember the party…?”
“Right, well I’ll be back in a few hours,” James said to the room before turning to Daci with a smile. “Be good, okay?” he asked her before leaning down to kiss the top of her head.
“So?” Wade asked as he started washing and chopping some fruit up, the rest of the question implied.
“Hey Steve.”
“Every parent makes sacrifices for their kid,” Tony said with confidence as she shot a little smile his way. “It’s pretty obvious how much Steve loves you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What do you want to say to her?” the brunette asked gently. Steve’s brows furrowed playfully as if he had a deep thought.
“What do you have against her?”
“Well,” he teased back, a huge grin across his face at seeing her look offended at that. “No, I’m kidding, of course you’d be an amazing lawyer Jo. I’m just…I’m proud of you, kiddo.” That caught her off guard, reminding the blonde he needed to say it more often.
“I’m not so sure my body could take it.”
“Well done my young padawan! Do you want a hug, because we’re hugging now.” Emerson pretending to look uncomfortable and groaned as Tony pulled her into a hug.
Joey laughed aloud at that, warmth filling her chest at how this was going. She looked at May a moment longer, who was keeping her gaze as if to squash any doubts the teen might have of her offer.
“There you are! Think you can just come and go from my gym as you please?” his Pappy asked, faux anger in his voice as he shuffled over to the pair. “And who’s this lad?”
…and with everything I’ve done…
“Yes, the boy’s been hurt. You don’t have to be a witch to see all of his scars, though it helps. What happened this afternoon?” she asked again as he chuckled at her. Knowing resistance was futile, Bucky took a breath, looking down at his lap before telling her.
“She…she called me ‘dad’ last night Steve. I was comparing myself to her father and she said I wasn’t her father. That she was happy about that. Because she liked me better as her…dad.” His eyes were glassy as he told Steve all of this, unable to stop the smile spreading and his hands from cupping his face in awe. Steve’s eyes got a little wet too, overcome with joy. He rolled the pair over until he was on top looking down at his handsome genius.
Peter hadn’t meant to leave the door open to the senior science lab, but he got distracted with some of the data on the tables and completely forgot he was in there to grab some of the grant proposals to give to his Dad. And since he hadn’t noticed he’d left the door open, he also hadn’t noticed he was no longer alone in the room. Nor did he notice the door closing until he heard the faint ‘click’ and looked up at the noise.
…” he choked out the last of the words like the memory was too painful to say.
“We’re just here for the chimichangas, sir.” Wade said innocently, hiding his hands behind his back. The worker threw his hands up in defeat. “Fine! But you three, get out of here, someone should’ve taught you how to treat women.” This earned a cheer from the crowd, stopping the three from causing any more confrontation.
“Holy shit,” Tony said again as that damn smiley face came back to haunt him. He was pregnant again.
“I think I heard that Stane left SI,” Rhodey said absently, not looking at the blonde.
She felt like her entire body took a deep breath, settling down in the lawn chair and staring at the sunset. The two teens had a discussion about music while she focused on the warm colors in front of her. Red and orange splashed the sky in a hypnotic way.
“Doesn’t matter. Tell me what’s been bothering that big brain of yours,” Steve reassured before he popped some chocolate in his mouth, momentarily distracting the genius.
"You can't quit meds and therapy cold turkey just like you can't expect the nightmares, panic attacks and flashbacks to hurt less without our help. And there's nothing wrong with needing help, okay? We get by with a little help from our friends. We even try with a little help from our friends, used to get high with a little help from our friends-" unable to continue with the laughter from his girl as she laughed at the silly father's singing.
“Come on Pop, I came out to both of you like a year ago, you know that’s not what this is about.” He took a deep breath, “I just, she’s my friend and I have this weird gut feeling she’s in trouble.” Tony and Steve exchanged glances before saying anything.
But the things is – Steve wasn’t whole when he met Tony either. He was a little broken. And as cliché as it is to think they complete each other…they kind of did and still do. Balanced each other’s crazy and insecurities and built something stronger out of it.
When Miles had first brought up the prospect to recreate the spider, Harry was thrilled. Voiced his opinion on missing Spiderman and rallied behind the scientific experiment.
She didn’t bother trying to say anything anymore, openly sobbing as she eventually went limp over his legs. He finally relented, gently pulled her underwear back up and shifting her around to sit up on his lap. His big strong arms wrapped around her and hugged her tight as she cried out every bit of herself.
“Guys! Seriously?!” he snapped, reaching over to swat his boyfriend when the genius only whistled in encouragement. Bucky finally let Clint down, arms still around the blonde as he turned to give Steve his infamous unimpressed look.
“¿Porque no los dos?” Steve asked this absolutely ridiculously adorable child to clarify. The boy shook his head vigorously before cheering at the prospect of so many sweets.
Poor Clint. And poor Steve!
“Harley…” Tony said sadly, heart breaking a little from his son’s reaction. There were even tears forming in his pup’s eyes as he practically snarled at the two.
was still settled in his chest, burning him inside out.
His one track mind taking him straight to the jealous little archer’s floor.
Memories came flooding back of being six and her mother giving her cranberry juice when she complained about the pain. Kimberly hadn't had much sympathy at the time, Emerson surprised thinking back to the coked out woman who was able to even give her the right juice to help. Her mother had left after giving her a small bottle, telling her that the pain would go away eventually as she reminded the child that the hospital would "hurt and only tear their family apart."
His Pappy moved to the states from Ireland in his twenties where he met Steve’s grandmother and the two had his Pop - Sarah - and her two little brothers.
Holy shit that was so cool!
“Nat?” she asked in utter betrayal.
A man he thought he’d never see again.
“No Steeb, lissen. I don’ clos, no clos,” she babbled as she pushed the outfit away from her.
“And you taste drunk, please just follow me downstairs.”
“Hey babe,” Steve greeted his husband, pulling him in for a quick kiss. “What are you guys doing here?”
“Love you ridiculous children,” he said with his back turned to the group, moving to follow the doctor to finally see his husband. He smiled at the antics that he could hear on his way.
“Pop told me very little, but I can picture what kind of fuck face this guy is,” Joey said quietly, startling the man from his thoughts.
“Yeah, we’re grounded – not blind,” Peter added causing Emerson to chuckle.
“Of course honey,” he said as he smiled back at her in the rearview mirror. He then smiled over at Steve when the man gripped his knee in gratitude.
"Well let me ask you this Miles, you
Glad especially for the wiggle worm over his shoulder that joined their family almost a year ago, their Emerson.
“You know, I actually can’t blame you. Rogers’ do seem to have their head on straighter. Maybe you can be a Rogers-Stark? Life gets too boring to not add some spice to it. This Rogers,” he said, pulling the blankets back on Steve to reveal him trying and failing not to laugh, “on the other hand is not an example I would like you to follow. Ask me later about Miami beach six years ago –”
“Josephine,” Steve said sharply as he approached her in the kitchen.
And Clint fucking loved the puppy.
“Coming J, we’ll see you for lunch right?” he asked the brunette who was concentrating on his papers.
“Is it at least double-spaced?” she asked as she trudged her way up the steps where Steve was waiting for her.
“Please do Miss” came the reply from the AI, Emerson noting the hint of exasperation in the bot’s voice.
Which isn’t fair, because his heart has secretly been hurting him lately. Not that he wanted to admit that out loud. It was probably just the resurfacing of a certain fuck-face…
“It’s Steve!” Rhodey’s little sister exclaimed, still holding Steve’s hand.
“Hey baby!” he said, pulling her into a hug and giving her a few kisses in greeting. Steve walked up to them and inspected the cart, frowning at not seeing his favorite cereal.
"Steve! Hey man, I'm Pat we spoke on the phone?" an elderly gentleman asked as he walked over to the blonde and extended his hand in greeting. Steve smiled as he returned the gesture.
"So, you need some sense smacked into you," Rhodey said before sipping his coffee.
“What was that, Tony?” she asked gently as she handed him the aspirin in one hand and the water in the other. She sat next to him on the bed, grabbing a tissue from the side table and handing it to Tony in exchange for the empty glass.
“You’d let us eat in the living room?” she asked in surprise. On her floor, she and her dad ate anywhere but whenever she was on this floor, she could only eat at the table or in the kitchen.
that bullshit casting? She’s not even gay! And Batwoman is Jewish, for crying out loud where is the representation?” he asked dramatically.
- growl. "Obviously I love you more...fiance..." His protective partner smiled at that, taking the one step closer to kiss the blonde. "Still can't believe it," Clint said absently.
Clint sat on Buck’s lap with the crowded seating, not that the brunette minded at all. Tasha sat next to him and warned the older teen she’d be stealing his date for a few dances this evening. Again, Bucky didn’t mind, tightening his arms around his love when the blonde tried to crawl through the sunroof.
Miles was curled in on himself, crying in the middle of his bed. Tony walked over, sitting gently next to the boy. The movement stirred the bed, causing the kid to look up into his father's eyes.
," the genius said equally as childish.
Luckily a light bulb went off in the blonde’s head.
“I skimmed it, just to make sure I wouldn’t say anything that might trigger or anger you… didn’t work did it?” she said with a smile. Emerson laughed at that, feeling a little more comfortable with her.
“I’m dead, Steven. Your daughter killed me. It was a tragic tale and one that involves me writing her out of my will.”
Steve was the last to slip inside the gate, but the first to notice the herd's owner as the man walked over to greet them.
Two years in, Sergeant Barnes had his left arm blown off in combat. Clint had stayed by his side every step of the way as he went through physical therapy and slowly recovered. Tony had designed his prosthetic, which got the two brunettes started in a branch of Stark Industries that provided free prosthetics for vets.
And she was going to complain to them about wanting more than the two of them?
“You know, I don’t fully regret being your art partner.”
“No, you don’t. Because your mommy and I decided a long time ago we wouldn’t spoil you. Spoiled boys don’t help their Papa clean up in the kitchen without being asked. They don’t ask their Daddy to donate some of their toys to the boys and girls in the hospital. Or only ask for animal shelter donations for their birthday. Spoiled little boys are mean and they don’t appreciate what they have in life. That’s not you baby. You are the sweetest, kindest and most good boy I know.”
“Look, just call in for me tomorrow at school and we can discuss…all of the options while I heal. And maybe one of you can stay here with me…” she confessed, still slightly unlike her normal self as she spoke honestly. She did grimace in taking a step, though, which alerted the two fathers who leaned forward to catch her as she shooed them off.
“We’re really sorry Pete –” Steve began, cheeks red and unable to hide the smile from his face.
“You should…” she began, holding back a hiccup. “…you should probably go back to him,” she said as she pulled herself away from the blonde.
“Did it take you anywhere near this long?” Barney asked as Bucky couldn’t help but chuckle and shake his head no.
, why are you here?” she said angrily, not wanting a single sob story.
“Fine,” she responded with a shrug, not enjoying the unimpressed look on his face. “What did my dads tell you?”
“And why do you think he came back?”
EMERSON
Kristen brought them potato chips which was suddenly the most delicious sounding thing in the world to the twelve year old.
Steve didn’t believe that for a second.
“Am I supposed to?” Steve retorted. This got a glare from the stranger, who quickly sneered at him.
the teen that dinner was ready instead of literally
“Actually my love, as your parents, we have the legal right to take you to a hospital against your will. Especially when you are injured,” Tony said, ending his statement with a growl.
BUCKY
“It’s a pretty important lie, Pep, you kept me from sleeping with ’96 Brad Pitt – you jealous bitch,” he said, unable to continue as he laughed along with her.
“Joey! You’re back!” Peter said as he ran around the coffee table to hug her. She easily caught her little brother, returning the embrace as she walked the two back over to Steve. She released the boy who moved to curl up on the couch between the two.
“But he’s your pup,” Harley pointed out quietly and with an adorably confused expression, as if blood mattered when it came to family.
“That’s my boy,” Tony said with a grin, leading the two to his lab.
He found himself thinking about Lacy again, and how much this little girl deserved a mom. Also had him thinking, not for the first time, that he would probably never have kids.
Tony found himself smiling when the man tightened his arms around him, still just watching in silence.
Skidding to a stop in front of them was their oldest…who was currently…a child.
“After he shoved his way in – convinced I was lying about Steve – he cornered me against the wall… said he heard I was gay, ‘caught it from Steve,’ before saying how he could quote “fuck the dyke out of me”…that’s when I hit him with a knee to the nuts and vase to the noggin,” she finished with a little laugh. “So no, I’m not going back there.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What are brothers for?” he asked before they both went to their respective rooms.
“Jo,” he said quietly, “you’re okay, you’re not in trouble sweetheart.” The shock on her face only made him laugh, which just further confused the teen. He continued approaching her, though considerably slower, as she stood frozen in place. He wrapped his big arms around her in a hug as she felt the entire anxiety from this evening squeeze out of her body and soul.
“Why are you defending her?” she asked as she slid off his lap, looking at him almost accusatory.
“You’re a good Papa, Steve. My bambinos are all lucky to have you.”
Standing in the corner, looking pissed as hell, was Steve. Who, to his credit, did try to look less murderous when she entered.
Grief engulfed his very existence as he screamed his soul out. Nurses rushed in, no doubt from the noises from both Tony and the machines he was hooked up to. But they were pushed aside as he heard his mate join them.
“No, Buck, I don’t know what to tell you…” Steve said with a smile as the girl continued giggling behind him.
El Toro, Tony thought to himself as Steve whispered, “Robert Sanchez...” into the phone.
“Look, Em –” he began.
“Yup,” she quickly said. “I’m going to go lie down in my room while I’m cramping and will eat later,
"Miles, why don't you pick out which scarves will look best with this while I ask Dad something, okay?" his eldest asked an excited kid who ran off to comply. "You okay?" he asked the man after he turned to face him.
” she whispered.
"I like this game," Bucky said smugly, immediately letting out a yelp when his boyfriend reached up and pinched both of his nipples. It caught the bigger teen off guard as Clint shoved him back and straddled him in one swift move. The bastard pinned him down as Lucky came fumbling over, traitorously attacking Buck. "Okay! I give," he chuckled out, wiggling one hand free to gently shove the pup away.
“What? Come on I want to do this,” Clint tried insisting again, but his movements were jerky and his voice was laced with anger, giving himself away.
“Speaking from experience, are we James?”
“Hey Leo,” she said with a smile as he offered a smile back. He looked around, even though they were still the only ones there, and approached her slowly.
“Papa!” he heard a shout, turning to see his favorite little guy barreling towards him. He caught him as he jumped into his arms, bringing him into a hug and chuckling at his boy.
“Thirty years, come on baby, you can talk to me,” Steve said as he threw in some wiggly brows for good measure. Sure enough, his love chuckled, rubbing his hands over his handsome face before walking over to the blonde.
She could not possibly decide among the six adorable kittens in front of her as she and her brother sat in the kitten area. Miles was trying to persuade her to get the orange one, but the tuxedo kitten was currently passed out on her lap and was definitely winning. She looked back at her dads who were talking to the woman that ran the shelter, smiling cause she remembers their conversation in the car about making a donation to the shelter.
“Let’s go get your girl back, Buck.” Bucky kept his gaze on the woman who was the reason for all of this.
“Besides,” Tony continued with a sly smile, “I think this means I owe you a few photos...anything in particular you want to see me in? Or see in me?” He felt Steve harden below him, chuckling while the blonde just looked flustered.
“Finally,” Bruce said, placing down a red three.
But of the bitch who took her.
“I hate to watch you leave but I love to watch you OW PEPPER!”
Steve looks down at his hot chocolate, trying and failing to hide a smile. He takes a sip, humming in approval at the first taste. "Thank you," he says, then chuckles. "You want to know who my biggest fan was?"
The man, from the glimpse he’d gotten of him anyway, had been handsome, but Steve was still a prince. He had an obligation to his father and to Brooke itself to do his duty.
Steve clicks on a post, and his eyes soften. It's of them. Steve is in that awful suit SHIELD had stuck him in that made his head look like an egg, and to be honest, did nothing for his ass. Tony can clearly recognize the Mark VII armor and—they're holding hands. Of all things, they're holding hands. He doesn't know why his cheeks flame up or why he gets the sudden urge to bury his face in his hands. The drawing was done painstakingly in colored pencil, obviously drawn by an older kid, but still good.
. I don’t like seeing you like this.
Bucky smirked and folded his arms behind his head, practically radiating smugness. “In case you grow fond of him.”
Steve chuckled, ducking his head, all of the tension leaving his body at once. “Tony,” he said, grinning brightly.
“That was the timeline trying to correct itself. You traveling back in time would cause countless anomalies in the space-time continuum. Space and time would literally rip itself apart, so it targets the anomaly and annihilates it.”
It wasn't surprising, given their history. During the war, they had taken prisoners of war and conducted all kinds of horrific experiments on them. As far as he knew, only one made it out alive, if you could even call it living. James "Bucky" Barnes had survived HYDRA's experiments only to be subjected to a worse kind of torture.
Steve confronts Bucky about his gift.
Tony dropped down from the pull up bar. “Busted,” he muttered to himself.
A muscle in Steve's jaw works. It's not the answer the other man wanted, but it's the only answer Tony's going to give him. He can take it or leave it.
"Figured you would."
He debates waking Tony up but decides against it. Tony barely gets enough sleep as is, and Steve’s not about to stop him. He sets the plate of spaghetti down on Tony’s table, where he’ll be able to see it when he wakes up. There, he’s done his duty as captain of their little team, and the others are probably wondering what’s taking him so long. But as he turns to leave, he finds that he can’t. Not while Tony’s using a wrench as a pillow, sitting on a stool with absolutely no back support. He makes his mind when Tony snores again.
Tony kept his voice purposely light. “Oh, really? I had no idea.”
Carmen takes Natasha’s hand slowly like she’s expecting some trick.
Even his best friend, who was already drunk and stating she could take them both on, challenging the two laughing teens just as they heard a commotion. Clint smile dropped from his face when he saw Brock and Ryan making their way to the beer pong table.
“Peter, why do you call my Tati Uncle Bucky? He’s not really your uncle right?”
“Daddy guess what? Father bought me this cool robot dinosaur and he said we could assemble it together! Isn’t that awesome?” Tony took a moment to hug his son before turning to his ex.
“You gotta walk to me, Joey,” he encouraged as he dangled the camera in front of her, before quickly taking a step back to stand by the edge of the couch. He saw Bucky out of the corner of his eye move to watch what she’d do.
"I just...I don't know if I'm the man for the job," he replied honestly.
“Mine was good. I made a hundred on our spelling test. Plus I really like my painting from art time! It’s drying so I can’t bring it home yet. I think Uncle Steve would be proud.”
The blonde stared at the house, momentarily wondering what it was like to live with parents before he took a deep breath and climbed the stairs.
"That is in six years you fucking moron!" Tony growled at him, anger and shock coursing through him. "You don't even know how old he is? For fuck's sake why did I ever think you could be a part of his life?"
“Yeah, um…I’m Joey’s guardian. She’s been with her mother’s cousin the last few weeks and abruptly ended her vacation early yesterday.”
Peter's eyes cast downward as the doubt crept back into his gut. He felt the other man walk over to him, hands grabbing his as he squeezed gently until Peter looked back up at him. Warm brown eyes smiled back at him as Wade leaned over to kiss him, Peter unable to do anything but smile against those lips.
“I don’t blame you for getting side-tracked,” Clint finally said after a moment. “Daci’s a great kid.”
“Bitch I will cut you” Tony said, eliciting a burst of laughter from Emerson.
“-okay fine! How about...my lucky cannoli?” Steve asked as Tony sputtered out a laugh.
“I don’t care if she starts drinking when she’s 21, I just don’t want her to drink underage. I don’t care that you drink, I actually find you incredibly charming and maybe even a little sexy when you’re drunk,” Steve blurted out, pausing when Tony just looked surprised back at him. “I love you Tony. I love you so much it
“NO. This is about your ego.”
He waited on the couch for Emerson to join him, tablet ready in hand before calling out to Steve that they were in fact, ready.
“Where’s Emerson?” Steve asked.
“Daddy! Papa! You’re home!” the boy shouted in excitement before running over to the pair. Their no-longer-youngest had his jaw dropped as he realized what the parents had without even knowing the kid at that age.
“I’m so proud of you, Tony. He’s perfect,” his Alpha said with a soft voice, gently wrapping his arms around the two and kissing the top of Tony’s head.
“Oh I can read your mind, child. I know what color you have,” he said.
Little payback for ditching his kid for his new girlfriend.
“He’ll come around, love. He’s barely getting used to me being around all the time.”
"I honestly don't know," Emerson said with a smile. "Why do you ask Miles?"
Peter, unbothered, made a point to stretch his limbs along the cushions. “Ya snooze, ya lose.”
She’s definitely suffocating, tears freely spilling down her cheeks as she recoils from the dark figures of authority in front of her.
“Not stinky,” she said with a pout before an idea came to her mind.
“I’m happy for you, Steve,” Sam said a little more seriously, moving to clap the blonde on his shoulder.
The genius, who had checked out about thirty seconds prior working on armor updates, looked quizzically up at his husband before placing his tablet at his side. Steve’s face morphed into a smile as he looked down at his husband.
“Just because Bill and Kristen wouldn’t take advantage of you, doesn’t mean they would know what to do if you seized. Either way you put yourself in danger of having a seizure doing something I specifically told you not to do. Which, I’m happy you haven’t had one yet, but that doesn’t mean it won’t happen. Which is also why you just chugged Gatorade,” he explained carefully.
“I had such high hopes for you, Anthony. I knew when you presented as an Omega this world would be hard for you. I guess I was just hoping you’d use what’s in your head rather than what’s between your legs…” That was a gut punch for Tony, watching in silence as his parents left the room together. He collapsed back onto the couch behind him and let himself cry.
“Steve isn’t it a little soon to be bonding with that pretty Omega? It's only been what, two months?” Nat asked as she brushed past him to grab her own beer.
“So…I’ve got good news and bad news,” Tony mumbled into his back.
“Save it, alright? We’ll be there soon. Focus your energy on finding Daci.” Even though he knew he deserved it, it still stung hearing Clint write him off like that. At the very least, he thought they were friends. But he had a point, the only thing to do now was focus on getting his girl back.
“Easy peezy lemon squeezy,” he said, laughing along with her at his expression.
“You sounded upset because Dad wasn’t hearing your side, right?” He barely nodded, otherwise frozen. “Well, were you hearing his?” Steve opened his mouth in protest but stopped as she continued impatiently.
“Hey I…I owe you an apology,” Steve said. Sam’s eyebrows furrowed in confusion as he waited for Steve to continue.
…or would he have already told her about the surgery before Steve had come home?
“I love you too,” his boyfriend said before kissing him.
“Tony you are not helping. And Emerson, seriously, you have got to stop.”
She doesn’t mention that she could backflip off the counter, just lets him help her.
And they should, too. Because he was the luckiest damn man on the planet.
“How do you know I was being klutzy? Maybe I was saving a kitten from a tree?” Clint asked in offense as Daci and Steve both let out a laugh.
“I promise, Pop. I swear to fucking god
What was she
“I should probably get going,” Steve said with a smile, thinking about the other errands he needs to run today. “I’ll text you later, Tony.”
The Omega’s nerves were starting to settle in as they approached the food court. Ty had apparently beaten them there, sipping on a coffee and looking down at his phone. The Alpha looked up as they approached and offered a toothy smile.
A few minutes later Tony and Steve made their way back into the living room, both dressed in nice suits.
“Yeah,” came the muffled sounds from her speaking into his chest, “imagine if I was your age.” As if from reflex, he couldn’t help the small dig into her ribs but did enjoy the chuckle that came from the young girl. He brought his hands back to further squish her into his chest, eternally grateful this scrappy young person dropped into his life.
“Let me ask that again; Leo honey, do you know how to swim?” she asked gently, getting her answer when the boy blushed and looked away. “Well, what if you and I go sit in the shallow end to start?” she suggested with a smile, glad to see the boy at least shrug in response.
Especially after an end to their perfect night, when Tony walked Steve up to his door to say goodnight.
And then she read to the Hulk.
Tony thought to himself with a smile,
“But…you’re not a faggot?” the short one tried to point out.
But Steve couldn’t find himself to care, especially when Harley dug in to look at more photos, laughing along at the stories his family began to share. His mate was happy next to him, pulling the Alpha down to kiss his cheek in approval.
"WHAT HAIRCUT?"
“Steve it’s really stupid-”
“You said you both use protection?” Bruce asked as he pulled his glasses off to wipe the lenses with his shirt.
Clint stared at him for a moment, blinking back tears as all the words he wanted to say floated across his mind. But before he could verbalize any, Lucky yipped and wiggled around in his arms. The two teens chuckled as Clint gently put him down.
“-You love him.” That statement, which maybe Daci shouldn’t have said, seemed to have broken Clint. “I can read people Clint. I see it.”
“I’m right here baby,” Tony said with misty eyes, rubbing his son’s back and feeling an incredible amount of love for his mate. He watched as his baby slowly brought his face out of Steve’s neck, blinking and turning to face the Omega. “How are you feeling bambino?”
“Stevie, I miss Ma too, but you can’t just stay on the couch forever.”
[I can send you another pic if you’d like ;P ]
Tony and Steve waited another moment, both probably thinking the same thing about their son, before turning to Emerson. They had already discussed this with Peter and felt like now was a good time to officially ask her. They’d had a lot of missions and meetings and business trips the last few weeks.
,” Steve whispered to the man whose smell was more intoxicating than the alcohol he had been consuming. Or maybe it was a combination of both. “Thor, what was that eating contest you won when you were eight?”
It led to him retaliating by tickling the shorter teen's ass until he was able to push him off.
His anger returned a moment later when the smell changed to sad.
“I didn’t
"We'll also need to stop by a pet store after to get a litter box and food and stuff," her Dad added as he remained standing and dug into his food.
“I have your back,” he finally said, watching her look abruptly at him. “No matter what.”
“Wait…so how was Peter right then?” Emerson gruffed, moving to get some milk out of the fridge.
“Yeah, that’s fair…” Steve trailed off fondly.
“Oh, I see so you’re confident when you’re belittling a teenager, but face to face with a man and cat’s suddenly got your tongue?” Joey couldn’t help chuckling next to him. “Oh, sorry,
“Please don’t tell dads!”
“Now, I know you love her. I see it all the time and I’m willing to give you the benefit of the doubt…which is why I’m dropping you off to think about what you want to
"Morning Iron Man, can you show me your pulse blaster stance?" Steve's eyes rolled as the two stuck an arm out with their hands extended. He then stole a glance at Emerson, who was sticking her tongue out at the returning five year old. He coughed to get both their attentions as they quickly stopped, then he had to shoot a glare to his husband who had simply laughed at the childish antics.
And then he heard the gay jokes at his expense as the door closed.
“I didn’t rob you.”
Then - Bucky was suddenly frozen, now able to see into the room.
“Wow,” he said genuinely impressed. “I really think I would’ve liked him.”
she thought to herself. She looked away from the two of them, feeling her eyes get misty at the thought.
She didn’t like that she insulted her dads…or her Papa,” he beamed as he leaned over to pull her back to his side. He couldn’t see her face but her ears were tipped pink as she laughed.
“–yes, I’m telling you how to fucking parent, even if it costs this relationship because I fucking love this kid. I love you too but you’re seriously pissing me off right now.”
"Trust me, I would much rather visit the country of sexy and gorgeous men and women...with you, of course," the taller man joked as Peter rolled his eyes in fondness. "I love you and your family, but this is something that can't wait," he said a little more seriously. Peter eyed the man, thinking it over as he asked his love.
“Your scent has changed, dear,” Maria said with a quirked brow. “Now, you are a smart young man. I know you wouldn’t jump into something as serious as this without thinking it through. So tell me, why are you bonded to this Alpha?”
If his parents didn’t kill him first.
“Mornin,” Steve returned moving to kiss the side of his cheek. He started to extract himself, his bladder demanding so, smiling when he heard Tony groan in protest. “I’ll be right back,” he assured him, kissing him on the cheek again as he moved off the bed and into the bathroom.
“Right,” she said as she grabbed a pillow to rest her head on. She smiled when she saw Steve shift around to lie next to her on his back, staring at the ceiling as he waited for her to talk.
"Stevie, I read my father's notes, the serum won't make you live forever," he said in reassurance, using one hand to guide his face back to look at him.
“BOY! We talked about this,” Sam said, finger pointed now a few inches away from his son before turning back to finish making his plate.
And for the first time in seventeen days, Tony slept.
He just also knew his husband well enough to know that sex always made him happy and compliant…
“Really?” Tony asked quietly, brain short circuiting a little until the blonde rolled his eyes fondly at the shorter teen.
T'Challa had been able to catch Klaue, locking him up in Wakanda's prison for the rest of his life. He smiled when Emerson said goodbye to her new girlfriend, silencing her little brother who fake gagged at them. They were grateful for their hosts, but it was time to go back home.
“I don’t know, something cliché for teenage girls? Starbucks? Frozen yogurt?” Joey considered the options, continuing to push back the voice that was asking why she suddenly wanted to get to know her as she looked at that beautiful face.
“I’ll miss you too, Father,” Harley said, hugging the Alpha before turning back to beam at Tony. The Omega offered him a smile before shooting his ex a glare.
“Not sure it’s as effective with people who have vaginas…” Tony said curiously.
~one year later~
“Good, glad that’s settled,” Joey said before turning to grab a few of the strawberries already dipped and popping one in her mouth.
“No thanks. Seems like you should keep fucking this guy that seems too good to be true. You’re not secretly like some serial killer or anything...right?” Barney asked as he began walking to the bedroom.
He walked a little around the block, knowing she’d occasionally sit out back under the tree. No one there either.
“Yup, anything else?” he asked gently as she sat there thinking a moment.
He pulled on a pair of pajama bottoms and a plain black tee before making his way to the kitchen, smiling brightly when he saw Bucky sitting on a stool waiting for him.
Still confused, Steve slowly accepted it, eyes trained on the brunette.
“NO!” Peter yelled interrupting his uncle. The man looked down at him in suspicion, eyeing him a moment longer before cocking his head to the side – slowly glaring at the masked teen, taking a moment to look at Emerson before looking back at Peter. Faster than his reflexes could stop him, his uncle reached over and pulled of the mask the rest of the way off his face.
“We literally fucked on it yesterday but go off I guess,” Clint sassed as Barney's face scrunched up in disgust.
Miles snorted in laughter as he pulled out his phone, which got his brother to smack him in anger.
When Steve woke the next morning, a cold feeling settled in his stomach when he realized he was alone in bed. Tony was just...gone.
The man who believed in her from the beginning.
“My daughter is a genius, little brother. Don’t be jealous cause you didn’t learn to walk until last year,” he said as he still hugged the girl tight. Steve rolled his eyes again as he stood up, walking over to stop the recording camera.
” He could hear her hold her breath after that confession. He didn’t stop rubbing circles, but did bring his other hand to card through her hair as he kissed her forehead.
“Yeah!”
"I am," Peter said smugly as he also measured out cough syrup to drink after. He held the thermometer back to his father's mouth, giving him his best
“–and whose fault is that?” the teen snapped. Carolyn sat back, fuming in her seat as she glared at her granddaughter.
“Thank God,” Peter said, waving off his Pop’s last minute tweaks. “Wish me luck!” he shouted before grabbing his stuff and rushing towards the elevator.
"You've been through a lot little Thumper, you have to give yourself more than a year to get past it. And it's definitely not a decision you make
“I,” she paused, face turning red from blushing.
“You’re all a bunch of fucking fairies,” Brock spat out at them. Clint watched as Thor looked back at Bruce, as soft smile on his face as he turned back to Rumlow and shrugged at him.
Unfortunately, not for what Tony was implying.
“Is it your mental health?” he asked gently, getting Clint’s eyes watery as he shook his head no again. “What is it, doll?” James asked sweetly, moving to sit down in front of the blonde.
They heard her footsteps and turned their attention to her, both men wearing matching smiles.
"See? You have to," she added with a shit eating grin. He smiled as his husband rolled his eyes as dramatically as only Tony could do.
“You are officially under adult supervision, proceed,” the arachnid said with a smile and a wave as he watched the two go back to the car. Being as discreet as possible, he snapped a few pics of the two.
“Emerson, is there anything you’d like to talk to me about? Peter told us you’d missed the last few days of school.” She kept her eyes down, refusing to make eye contact. They sat there for two long minutes, before she spoke.
“Pizza?!” Peter asked the room, getting laughter from the three. He pulled his phone out to order some pepperoni pizzas.
“Emerson,” Steve croaked out - voice full of emotion. “Baby, you were six years old. All you did was love your sister for the short time she was here before…sending her back to Heaven. You saved her from a fate worse than death, baby girl. So of course you’re not going anywhere; we still love you.” Her cries had begun to taper from exhaustion and comfort.
Nat had left a message at their villa, assuring them she was handling it. That didn’t necessarily put his mind at ease, steeling himself as Steve joined him a moment later. He was dressed in a tank top and shorts, reminding the genius he’d suggested walking along the sand together.
“Legally…binding?!” Pete asked between puffs of breath. This wiggle worm was considerably more wiggly than the last one…
He pulled up exactly twenty minutes later, smiling as Pete cheered from his car seat in the back as they saw Joey locked the door behind her. She walked up to the Cadillac Escalade, crossing her arms as she mocked glared at the car; arms unfolding as she opened the door to get in the passenger seat.
“Um…yeah,” Steve said.
“Daciana,” her Tati said with a more even voice, “this is my...friend Vivienne.
“Buh buh!” Morgan added as Daci felt a smile creep on her face, even though her father was looking more and more unhappy as the kids began chanting. Daci moved off his lap to sit next to Clint and could only laugh when her Tati looked at her with betrayal.
“Hey Mrs. Rogers!” Tony called, just to be a shit. Steve’s hands dropped from his face to look at Tony in betrayal, turning into a glare when they heard her laugh before opening the door.
Joey was fuming. She failed her English test even though she actually studied for it. She glared at the paper in her hand as she stood near her locker, hearing familiar giggles behind her.
Bucky didn’t hear a comeback, but his attention turned to the way his boyfriend’s ass looked in those dress pants. The two walked down the driveway, waiting for the limo to show up that Tony had gotten for their group. Sure enough, not two seconds later the black stretch limo turned down their street with Tony waving from the sunroof.
“Love you too,” she called back, feeling motivated to cook herself some breakfast and consider her options.
“What about Peter? Like in my books?”
“You...you said you had second thoughts. About all of this,” Tony finally spit out, waving his arms for emphasis.
“Stark!” Bucky shouted but couldn’t stop her. Daci moved swiftly, jumping up and placing her hand on the ankle part of his armor before Stark could move, instantly turning off the light of the arc reactor. He watched horrified as the metal suit collapsed with Stark in it, prepared to call for Steve when the Captain suddenly appeared by his husband’s side. An explosive arrow landed by Daci’s feet, knocking her back and allowing Stark some space.
bullying is tolerated at my school. And I should point out, Mr. Rogers and his husband adopted Emerson several months ago. So you will do well to respect their family. And I’m also aware that one or both of your “Christian” boys shoved Miss Emerson here back, both of whom are at least twice her size.”
Guns were drawn but he was able to evade the bullets, offering a few quips for good measure and stringing up most of the goons.
Steve rolled his eyes fondly at his boys – who both cheered at that.
"My bad little man, he's a brave papa then. And I'm not even talking about saving the world," Pat said as he winked at the super soldier.
“It’s a simple fucking question, Cara.” The teen looked dumbfounded back at her, but Jo kept her face devoid of emotion, long since over this bitch. "After everything you've done to me...I think I deserve at least that much."
“And I’m pretty sure I just told you grounded children don’t get to make any rules,” Tony said quizzically.
Joey felt her stomach drop as the officers escorted the teens inside the station.
She rubbed her eyes, obviously still upset.
“Tony! You’re coming to our place?” the very drunk Alpha asked the Omega, who blushed and looked away in answer.
“But Clint...if, if you are my parent...does that mean I can call you, you know...something different?” She’d been considering it for a while but wasn’t sure how to ask him. Ever since Clint and her Tati got together at the hospital, Daci finally felt like she was part of a real family. And she didn’t even mind when they went on dates, cause sometimes Clint made sure they brought Daci along and other times they always brought Daci back something.
“Are you breaking up with me Steve?” Tony asked with a sly smile as he took his own sip of coffee.  Steve couldn’t help but laugh a little at that, wondering why he was fighting the warmth in his chest just sitting near this man.
“Uh uh,” May said, cutting him off. “We talked about this Peter. We’re not going to do anything to take away from Daddy and Papa’s big day, right? Cause we love them and we’re happy for them? Plus remember how Papa officially adopted Joey? He’s going to officially adopt you too! Lots of reasons to celebrate our big happy family! Just keep it on long enough to walk down the aisle and take a picture. I promise you’ll take it off after, okay?”
Steve brought him into a hug as they heard Sarah then simultaneously talk to his godmother while also trying to convince Helen to put the gun away, causing the teens to laugh and tighten themselves around each other.
“She’s one of the bitches who jumped her–” Tony began to better explain.
Tony wanted a tall glass of scotch so badly, but instead decided to bite the bullet and tell his parents as well.
“Hey,” he said with a little tap to her nose, “Thumper?” She turned her head up to meet his eyes. “Promise me, when you’re ready to talk about it…you will. It doesn’t even have to be with me or Dad. Just…someone. And let us know how we can help, okay?”
“But you’re wearing your glasses, you know that’s my kryptonite,” Steve whined with a pout, batting his long eyelashes at the man.
Steve smiled at him, not able to help himself getting a quick kiss from those sexy pouty lips before explaining, “let’s go to bed, love.” Tony nodded in understanding, still groaning as he let Steve help him stand up off the couch and head to their bed.
But yeah, okay maybe therapy worked when you found the right person. And had such a perfect partner.
If he caught on, he didn’t say anything.
He moaned as his husband’s hands undid his belt and helped him shimmy his pants down.
PETER
“Paparazzi’s outside,” the Colonel said, not looking Tony in the eye.
she whispered in gratitude.
“What aren’t you telling me?” he asked without looking at her.
“For the record, I am also incredibly proud of you…as is Tony.” Hearing his name reminded her where she should’ve been tonight. Her tears came back with a force.
“She’s the love of my life,” he said to the supposed genius before turning back to his so-called ‘friend.’ “So you didn’t have anything to do with this? You haven’t liked Vi from the beginning,” he said in an accusatory tone, well aware of the redhead slowly shifting in his peripheral.
“Look here, you inbred fucks – I better not see you ever mess with my brother again. Make fun of me all you want, I understand. Having a
“Yeah, I said I went to hang out with friends and I’d be back by dinner, jeez why are you freaking out so much?” she said stumbling along up to him, yelping when he grabbed her arm to ‘help’ walk her back.
left me!” she hated that her voice broke as she yelled.
“Aw, I haven’t seen you this flustered since Katie,” Wade cooed in a condescending tone, making his way to join the others at the table. “He was about your age, Leo, and had this crush on his classmate, Katie, who kicked his ass at everything.”
“So,” Wade began as he walked the two over to the others. “Guys, this is Leo. Leo, the one being eaten alive is Peter’s little brother Miles. That's his sister Emerson. And those are Pete’s dads, Tony and Steve. The twins call them Granddaddy and Poppy but you can call them whatever you feel comfortable with, okay?”
“Carolyn Foster, my mother’s mother, stopped me before I got on the train after school to confront me. She told me my parents kept me from her for some reason…”
“You hate the station.”
“That’s…a good chunk of it. Most of it, actually. Missing little parts…”
“Don’t be dramatic, you’ll have lots of fun! Plus I checked ahead, and I know for a fact they have wolves…” That certainly piqued her interest, but she had one other idea to seal the deal.
. He brought a hand up to cover her mouth, smiling still when he saw she was laughing a little as well. He hugged her tight once more before continuing.
“Yeah, like my name is James Buchanan Barnes, your full name is Daciana Grace Barnes. At least, that’s what I had put on your birth certificate.”
Steve’s smile faded as he looked back at the sleeping lump. He frowned when he looked back at his husband.
Joe turned to Obie, addressing the man without acknowledging the other one, “take this man before I remove him.”
“Is this about you liking Alphas and Omegas? Cause I’m pretty sure we had this conversation three years ago,” Howard cut him off, clearly annoyed that Tony called this meeting.
See…her Dad had kind of asked her to go straight home after school to do her homework. And only then, could she hang out with Bill and Kristen.
“-nd let’s face it, you obviously don’t have the best judge of character-”
“Go have fun, we’ll meet back here in an hour,” Tony said encouragingly, releasing his pup’s grip with all the strength he could muster. “
“Hey Joey!” he greeted back, slapping her hands until they were both high-fiving each other.
“Don’t thank me yet, Rogers. If your boyfriend gets anywhere near me I might reconsider my recommendation,” he said with a straight face. Steve’s smile dropped, thinking he was probably being serious. “Right now though, I need you to go find your partner and make sure he’s okay to finish his shift. Send him to me if he isn’t and we’ll find you a replacement partner for the day. Dismissed.”
People started pairing off and Tony suddenly noticed the several pairs of eyes on them. But then Steve pulled him close to his body and slipped his arm around the smaller teen’s waist...and Tony forgot anyone else existed.
With that they heard her leave the bathroom and walk back into the living room.
“You’re literally the worst,” Peter laughed, head resting in his hands. Okay, now this was really confusing. “I don’t recall Peter ever – “
to his husband while Peter grabbed a chair to stand on. The blonde nodded in response, putting a smile on his face as he turned his attention back to Peter.
"Thor and Miles are in the library, sir." The men looked pleasantly surprised at each other, glad to hear they had just been reading this whole time.
“You’re right, Pop,” Peter said without looking at Wade. “Mr. Wilson here has better things to be doing, anyway.” He turned back and started walking to his room.
“Oh, Petey-pie, what are you doing up, honeybun?” the blonde whispered as he rubbed their son’s back in comfort. “Of course Daddy isn’t dying. His heart just needs a little work done. Like you and Daddy do in his lab with his robots? He just needs a minor surgery and then he’ll be all better, I promise.”
Tony cheered along with his daughter and husband, loving his family for moments like this.
He found a nice bench they could chat on in the hospital’s small park. He was grateful there wasn’t anyone else nearby, sure his son needed some privacy.
“Really Steve?”
But how bad could it be to
“I’ve known you since you were fourteen and had braces and acne. I know when you’re lying to me.” Tony couldn’t help but glare at his best friend, because it almost seemed like…
Tony leaned over to stage whisper to Emerson, “he thinks it’s punishment, but really he is just as miserable not getting to touch this.” He finished by gesturing to the rest of his body, which was currently in a cozy bunny pajama onesie.
“Joey?” Tony asked the teen. “Hungry for anything in particular?”
“Tony, meet my niece, Joey. Joey, this is Tony.”
parts for a reason,” he said with a smile as he saw the two giggle in response. “It’s okay, I understand you guys were just curious. But go to your parents with questions, okay? Don’t just drop your pants like silly little gooses.” He sat down cross legged to sit comfortably, smiling when they continued laughing at him.
Either way, he was feeling pretty good but also needed some time to himself.
He did find it important to whisper something to the two, “
“You’re still grounded for the weekend,” the blonde added, enjoying the groans coming from his three children.
“Right. Well. I just...after everything…” He wasn't sure why...but he desperately needed Clint to forgive him. He couldn't ask him for that right now, but the thought of losing Clint as a friend hurt him in a way he didn't expect.
“Hey, I think I know something that’ll cheer you up,” Clint said as he grabbed a reluctant James and proceeded to walk the two inside. “Come on, hot stuff. It doesn’t even involve that lovely cock of yours,” he teased, letting out a yelp when the brunette smacked his ass.
“That’s too bad,” Clint said absently, then realized Bucky had heard him and was staring at him.
“Depends, is this a one time thing or should I start slamming doors more often?” Buck asked with a smirk, taking the cup from her and immediately sipping on it. Cheryl sat next to him, swatting his thigh playfully as he couldn’t help smiling back at her.
Clint stood there silence and bewilderment. The whole encounter was...endearing? Was that a real thing that people did?
He only tortured his love for a moment before wrapping his arms to squeeze the man. He smiled as his sexy love hummed in approval as the two remained in happy silence. The brunette lightly dragged his fingers along Steve’s arm, tracing his skin over and over.
Okay, now he just stared at her dumbfounded.
“Okay, so Shuri has some design ideas she wants you to look at. I was going to show you mine but…honestly hers are better…” Peter listened to every bit of science gibberish his Dad said in the next fifteen minutes it took to land. He was just as giddy as his Dad was, though it also seemed his Dad was somehow even…more giddy?
,” Tony promised before switching to English. “And you boys did behave, so I guess we should find a nearby ice cream parlor.” Harley cheered and wiggled down from the Omega’s hold, grabbing both Tony and Steve’s hands to lead them out of the museum. Steve let it drop for now, enjoying his family’s company and noticing no one he wanted to punch in the face was in sight.
She looked at him in betrayal before her eyes grew wide and a huge smile formed. “Dad’s going to be okay!” she shouted in excitement. All thoughts are automatically redirected to Tony, the blonde smiling at her before turning to smile at Peter.
“I wasn’t with her…” he said quietly, lost in thought. He didn’t notice the way her face revealed she had realized what that meant.
He couldn’t remember the last time he drank... okay... that was a lie. It had been about one year and three weeks since he had last tasted that sweet nectar of the gods. But Tony had promised Steve long before they said “I do” that he would cut down on the drinking. He can hear his husband’s voice.
“Does this have anything to do with that girl you punched a few weeks ago?” Steve asked, realization clicking in when she blushed at the question.
It was getting to the point that Peter was actually having second thoughts. Wade tried to convince him they could do it, even suggesting the boy see a psychologist. But the doubts were still there, and hearing from his case worker that his father (who had just recently been released from prison) wanted to see the boy - did not make him feel any better.
Just then Brock and his partner Kyle entered the station and immediately noticed the display for Steve.
He could hear the loud speaker system on the stairs as he descended down, smiling to himself as he heard ACDC blasting from his husband’s lab. He punched in the code Tony had given him long ago, also asking Jarvis to turn the music down a smidge so he could have an actual conversation with the man.
"Of course you can!" he exclaimed as he dramatically fell back, still careful with an armful of Miles. "What else do you want, baby? Some toys? A puppy? An island of puppies? A pony? We can't even properly house a pony but I will get you one if you want you sweet, sweet boy." Tony laughed along with Miles, who knew his new dad was being a little silly.
“Uncle Steve?” Jo asked suddenly.
She has zero interest in men. Not a one. But she thought to herself then and there that she could turn for him.
“So Tony you work for your father, is that right?” Sarah asked as she sat down next to Clint, snuggling close to the Omega who snuggled right back.
“No I…I just called to assure you there wasn’t any need to apologize, Mr. Stark,” he clenched his fists and wondered if punching himself in the face would be heard clearly over the phone.
“Hey, Steve! I’m sorry I thought it would take you longer to get here…”
“Then you have nothing to apologize for, now stop sulking and show me pictures of little Tyrell!” she demanded as the two walked to Stark Industries.
She looked to Steve, expecting a laundry list of things he had to do, but was surprised as he  turned from chastising Tony to quietly flipping the pancakes on the griddle, waiting for her to continue.
“I love you too,” she whispered, sighing contently when he returned the embrace.
“Thor,” her Tati said in acknowledgement, nodding at the man who smiled in return.
“Come on, Harls. Let’s go to the toy store,” Ty said with a smug grin, one hand outstretched towards the pup who immediately accepted the invitation.
“Yes, young one it is only for adults and most appropriate for times of celebration.”
“It’s nice to finally meet the guy Steve’s been doing the dirty with,” Clint teased.
His old friend laughed as he moved to join the other man's side, gazing fondly at his family.
I have no idea what their favorite animals would be, what do y'all think?
"Yeah, of course, you're an amazing person so you'd save anyone in trouble," the teen responded, dismissing her feelings. "Sorry, dumb question," she said quickly as she started to walk away, stopped when Shuri gently grabbed her arm.
“God dammit just as my company is taking off...Fine, we will need to pull him from school, hire him a tutor…” Howard started talking, laying out the next steps in Tony’s life as the teen spaced off. There was a ringing in his ears as he stared at a spot on the floor - disbelief and fear coursing through his body.
Thinking of Pepper made him think of Steve, who he loved more than anything in the world. Has loved him since he was a kid and idolized the hero. He remembers the shock when Steve asked him to marry him, disbelief in his heart that the ‘merchant of death’ would ever deserve such a man.
He smacked her twice before speaking again, “what? No hello to your dear old dad? Oh that’s right, I hear you’ve got two daddies these days, huh? Two faggot superheroes? Really Ash? You can do better than that.”
"Always, my love," Tony said, kissing him one more time before snuggling up to cuddle with the love of his life.
,” Joey said teasingly. He stuck his tongue out at her in response, smiling when she only laughed in return.
“Did...did you just say her name?” Tony asked the baby with a scowl, confusing the girl. “You couldn’t have said Daddy?! That is so close to Daci!”
“Do you know
She had kind of guessed Clint had felt the same way. Until he suddenly looked unsure at her.
She sat in the front seat this time, wanting to be sure she heard everything Happy said. Now she sat in silence wishing she hadn’t heard him.
That stopped Steve in his tracks, his hand hovering above the doorknob to his and Tony’s bedroom. He couldn’t describe the kind of warmth and love he felt for that child, who six months ago was hesitant to be in the same room as the two men, let alone allow them to provide any comfort.
“Well...look, if you’re having some sort of gay-crisis then I don’t know how to help you,” Clint bit out, a poor attempt at humor to deflect his own feelings on the matter.
“Who’s what?”
“Or you could come back with us? Sleep in an actual bed again tonight?” Howard teased the pup who only snuggled closer to Tony.
“Um, no. Not to my face at least?” the blonde said with a smile, leaning in to kiss Tony before pulling back abruptly with a pout. “Wait...did anyone make fun of you?” he asked sincerely, which had Tony rolling his eyes heavily in response.
“I had a hard workout this morning, it’s the only reason he beat me in that race,” the Alpha said before catching sight of Steve and eyeing the man up and down. “And who is this?” Steve could see the man straighten up a little, almost as if he was posturing.
,” Staci said as the group moved in to grab Joey’s arms in restraint.
"When are Wade and Pete coming?" she asked as the three took Max into the living room to explore his new home.
“That...that was my father?” Harley asked, face changing to excitement and secretly breaking Tony’s heart. He looked over to Steve to gauge his reaction, but the Alpha was just staring distantly in the direction that Ty had walked off. “I thought he lived on the other side of the world? What did he want Daddy? Didn’t he want to meet me?”
“We have this cream for um…such occasions,” he explained with a smile, before bursting out in laughter when she looked even more offended at the insinuation.
He suddenly prayed for voicemail, realizing he hadn’t rehearsed to say anything should a human actually pick up.
“It’s your decision, I just…hate that people give you a hard time over this…”
“No no, she’s, she’s really sweet. It’s just something Peter told me earlier this week, about rumors about her abusive past. And tonight at dinner, I noticed more bruises along her arm.” Steve had stopped scrubbing dishes to turn to his husband. “Should we be concerned?”
“Well yeah, she’s in one of my famous baths. With rubber duckies and lots of bubbles,” Tony said in a sing-song voice.
“-I’M NOT HAVING A FUCKING PANIC ATTACK!” the blonde screamed out, just before he started hyperventilating, his face angry for proving Buck’s point. Bucky remained quiet, caught between wanting to respect his boundaries while also crushing him in a hug. So he watched as the blonde got control of his breathing, only gently reaching out when Clint had finally looked back at him.
.” She couldn’t stop the snort of laughter from that, feeling an incredible amount of love for this man.
“You’re just jealous cause you’re straight and boring. And I did not almost kill you! Okay? DUM-E almost killed you,” the brunette said as they heard a chirp come from somewhere in the room. “You sir are in timeout and therefore shall remain silent!” he yelled at no one in particular.
He was…
After they bid goodbye to Xavier and goodnight to Joey, Steve dragged Tony to their bedroom to reward his husband for talking to him about ‘Voldemort’ – as Tony adequately named him. The brunette had an idea to get rid of him that would mean speaking to Stone’s father, Obadiah.
“You have a lot of built up vacation days, Captain,” Fury said as he stood up to exit. Steve stood as well, reaching out for the extended hand to shake in farewell. “I suggest you use some.” Steve nodded at the man, exhaustion making him immediately agree with his suggestion as he gathered his things to leave.
“You wanna try? Please, be my guest,” his brother retorted. Buck threw the diaper on top of his drawing, hands on his hips as he stared at his little brother.
“Tony, wait,” the blonde said as he pulled back, arms still snuggly holding the brunette in place. “Are you...do you want to keep it? Are we...are we having a baby? You sure you want to do this all over again?”
“Hey!” Pete said in mock offense, rolling his eyes fondly when the man simply waggled his eyebrows back at him.
“She told the police they used strobe lights to trigger a seizure, then staged it to look like you got drunk to post a picture online. Your Dad’s ex is behind all of this, love. Tony’s on the phone with Pepper sorting it all out and Hill is clearing you of charges as we speak.” She repeated those words in her head and let the information soak in – and though what happened to her was criminal…an overwhelming sense of happiness and relief spread through her.
“Peter! You look so handsome! And this must be the infamous Mr. Wade Wilson we’ve been hearing so much about,” his Dad said, extended his hand to shake with Wade. Wade stood up as he shook his hand before turning to do the same with his Pop, offering a smile to Emerson.
“– NO!” she quickly interrupted and immediately felt horrible for doing so. “No, sorry. I’d rather…you not.”
She looked at Tony, who was looking directly at her, before turning to look at Steve who had also turned to look directly at her.
Together, they were unstoppable.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t think I’d be out that long. I ran into May and she invited me over for some…tea,” she tried, hoping his mind reading didn’t work over the phone.
The waiter came by to take their drinks, Peter hadn’t even realized he hadn’t opened his menu.
She hadn’t realized she had started shaking, no longer a fan of pot when this anxiety alone was punishment enough. Hot tears began spilling down her cheeks as she drummed her fingers against her thigh in anticipation.
“Stevie! Get your ass moving I’m taking your brother home before he fights the bartender,” Clint called out as he drugged Bucky alongside him.
"Thank you," Steve whispered against his lips, smiling before kissing him again.
. Talking to a stranger will be rough, but it’ll help. You remember what your Dad and I have told you, your job is your mental health. And as for thinking differently should the therapist not work…I promise there isn’t anything you could have done to make us love you any differently.” He heard her scoff at that, but did notice her move to wrap her arms around Steve’s bicep, content in not getting up.
The adoption ceremony was short notice, so Miles unfortunately didn't get to meet all the Avengers. He still had the time of his life and Peter was beyond happy to have a new little brother.
“Sorry Dad, we had just gotten to the boss level and it took both of us to take him down. Won’t happen again,” he said with a nod to the two.
The coaches turned back to their players when they noticed the fight broke up. It probably didn’t help that Joey turned to walk in the opposite direction of them, but she didn’t want to talk to anyone right now and didn’t need nosy grown men in her business.
“Well, I’ll grow it out until the last second. I promise, doll,” James said with a soft smile, grabbing Clint’s shirt collar and pulling him in for a kiss. When he pulled back, Clint frowned a little and addressed his love more seriously.
But to be fair, there were pieces of broken glass lodged in her skin.
The first few clips didn’t have audio, just faces Vivienne made behind his back at Daci. The first one with audio made Bucky’s stomach more upset, as it was Vivienne mocking Daci for having a stuffed animal. It was in a subtle way, but made the connection between babies and toys that had his daughter putting Wolf under her bed.
She texted her parents at school asking if she could go to her Dad’s office after, wanting his advice on how to win back Xavier. And spend more time with him. Not that that had anything to do with his recent surgery…or whatever.
“Be not the slave of your own past – plunge into the sublime seas, dive deep and swim far. So you shall come back with self-respect, with new power and with an advanced experience that shall explain and overlook the old.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“That was beautiful,” Bruce chuckled.
“Looks like someone’s got a crush,” Aunt Peggy teased, making Tony frown as he pulled his son away from the smelly baby.
“Glad to hear it, kiddo,” his Pops said with a smile. “We’re here if you want to talk. And if you didn’t eat at Ned’s I put a plate for you in the oven.”
“Those are good names too,” she said with a smile.
“Because he was an abusive fuck,” Tony confessed, not looking at Steve. He held his shirt in his hands, staring at the wall as he continued. “He was manipulative and controlling and broke into my house the last time I dumped him. That’s why I took out a restraining order.”
There it is! Hope you all enjoyed it! Notice that this is a series - as in there's more to this story to come. I have a sequel mostly finished but from Bucky and Clint's POV set a few years later. I also made it a series to add one shots and future sequels. Zero research was done for this - so any historical/medical/canonical inaccuracies are just my own fault. Love you guys xoxo
to himself as the brunette walked away towards the spare room Daci was staying in.
“Alright baby, be good for your Uncle Steve,” Buck said as he kissed her loudly on the cheek. She giggled adorably as Steve suddenly struggled to keep her upright, as she had practically bent over backwards to hug her dad.
Tony looked into those fucking beautiful and intoxicating baby blues, wishing he had any will power against them.
Jo suddenly felt her cheeks blush furiously, wondering what embarrassing things he would have possibly told her. Or showed her…
“Unca Rhodey!!” Peter shouted as he toddled his way to his favorite uncle.
“So…it’s his fault?” Joey asked quietly, a small smile appearing on her face. Steve turned his glare to his girl, unable to help the smile that broke through on his face for the attempt.
“However, I also know sexuality is a spectrum and I recognize that there might be a man out there who could turn me. In fact, if one of your dads does die, I’d happily take over as step-dad. Either one of them, I would do that for you,” he said, pausing as she laughed loudly at him.
"Get her back," Peter said in anger, nodding at the fathers as they waited for T'Challa to open the plane's doors - allowing them to fly ahead to find their girl and possibly murder Klaue.
“Yeah! Have you heard of the Avengers?” Pete asked excitedly.
," Steve commanded, satisfaction on his face when the confused Alpha dropped automatically. Clenching and unclenching his fists, Steve took a breath before further addressing the pathetic man in front of him. “I have been patient, Stone. Even when you let my son down with empty promises, even when you trash talked me to his face. I've even let it slide when you've pathetically flirted with my Omega. But now? Now everyone knows your true colors. They see what I see, a useless, pathetic excuse for an Alpha.
“Alright, now that we’ve ordered. Obadiah, if you’re trying to steal the company from me, I won’t let that happen,” Tony said bluntly. He couldn’t help but frown when the man bellowed in laughter.
“Alright so we head out after dinner.” Peter gave his brother a nod. Their conversation was interrupted by a knock on the door.
“Let's go up to your room and get this over with, Pete.” Peter was practically shaking from fear he'd never been spanked, he didn't know what to expect. He followed his pops up to his room.
“You? No. Me? Most definitely. I mean come on Pete, you're their baby. You could rob a bank and they wouldn't even yell at you. I, on the other hand have a lot of conversations with dad and pops’ hands.” Peter jumped up offended
“Fuck!”
“And we're your fathers who said no! Now I'm not going to talk about this anymore, in fact the next person to mention it won't be able to sit down for a week, AM I CLEAR!?” Harley looked down as if his feet were the most interesting thing in the world.
“Well it’s good to see you too, kid.” Harley lifted his head in shock. He knew that voice but he didn’t think he’d ever hear it again.
“Whatever I guess” The family continued eating their dinner and all was silent except for Peter who kept talking about his day.
Chapter one                  Harley Keener becomes Harley Stark-Rogers
“Okay. So let's go on the mission.”
“Dad told me that he wouldn't spank me as long as I don't give him as many chances as Harley does.” Tony mumbled something that sounded like ‘snitch’.
“Alright I’ve had it!” Tony was at his wit’s end. “Both of you, come here. Now!” He pointed at the spot right in front of him. Harley glanced over at Peter ‘good he’s done being an idiot, but I’m still going to play this game’.
“Alright so, who wants to explain?” Both boys looked up at their fathers but refused to say anything. Tony continued. “If you two don't want to explain I'll tell you what I think happened. I think that after we said ‘no mission’ you boys decided to say a big ‘Fuck you’ to me and your father and sneak out and go anyway. The only question I have is why didn't JARVIS tell us? Hmmm?”
“I agree with your father. You two are not going on a dangerous mission, end of story.”
“Peter Benjamin! That's enough, you don't hate your brother!” Two could play at this game, and Harley was really good at this game.
“Pops, do you think I give you and dad too many chances to spank me?”
“That's not true!”
“I don't care who did what, got it? I just care that you went on a dangerous mission and could have died. Neither of you will be sitting for a long time.”
“And why is that Harley?” Harley’s face turned red.
“Take a picture of Harley will ya?” At the mention of a picture Harley pouted harder. “Aww, I'm just playing with you, Harls. I don't know what I would do without our weekly ‘sessions’.”
“Really kid? I've had to start taking time out of my schedule just to bust your ass.”
“Because you spank hard.” he whined.
“But, he's Spiderman!” “But, I'm Spiderman!”
“I get that Tony and I feel bad for the kid, really I do but, I’m just not sure what you’re saying is the best option for him.”
“Keener! Hey, Harley someone’s here to pick you up.” Harley looked up confused.
“Good, now go do your homework. JARVIS will call you down for dinner.” Steve watched his sons scamper away and then turned to his husband.
“Because I told him not to tell you…” and before he even knew what was happening he heard
“Yeah” “Sure” Tony opened the door and entered the room, walking towards his sons.
“It's nothing to be ashamed of little brother. Hell if I were you I'd be living it up every night.” Peter couldn't believe it, how had he never realized this before? “Honestly you could probably go on the mission and they wouldn't care.” The words tumbled out of Harley’s mouth before he even knew what was happening.
“Yeah, I'm good dad. Can we just get this over with now?” Tony chuckled. That was more like the Harley he knew and loved.
“Crystal dad” was mumbled by both boys.
“Hey! I don't give you that many chances!” Harley pouted looking all of four years old as opposed to seventeen.
“Really Tony?”
“No, Harley I don't think that at all. You're a very smart kid and that sometimes get you into trouble.”
“Not that I know of. ….Is now really the time for this Buck?” Peter looked up and saw Bucky for the first time.
“Uh Stevie? You didn't happen to lose something, did you?”
“So you want to like, adopt me?” There was nothing special about Harley in his own eyes.
“Don't you think that was a little harsh, Tony?”
“Well, Tony seems to think you’re pretty great and I do too. So, what do you say?” Did Captain America just ask Harley to live with him and Ironman? Harley was speechless.
They had been at the mission site for about twenty minutes before realizing they were in over their heads.
*with Tony and Harley*
“Tony?” Tony gave a watery smile, the kid looked so broken. He felt Steve squeeze his hand for comfort.
“Yeah kid, it’s me.”
“Not true.” Tony laughed as his son continued to pout.
“Captain Rogers has asked me to notify you that dinner is ready.”
“I wanted to apologize to you boys. I lost my temper with you earlier. I just can't bear the thought of losing you guys.” Harley spoke up
“Yeah, Shit! I'm having the same problem!” As they kept fighting off the bad guys (without their knowledge) the Avengers showed up. Everything was going fine until Bucky found a very familiar spider kid getting his ass kicked.
“Okay, would anyone like to fill me in?”
“Don't listen to him, I gave him the idea and I made the plan.” Steve having been silent this entire time, decided to speak up.
“Well we heard about what happened to your mom and sister and we thought you might need somewhere to stay. And you know Tony and I have such a big place that with just the two of us living there it gets kinda lonely.”
“Dad, Pops it was all my idea! Harley didn't even want to do it, I made him! Don't spank him, spank me!” Oh hell no! There was no way the kid was going to take the heat for this! He'd rather put his ass on the line than his little brother's. It was his job to protect the kid not get the shit spanked out of him.
“You don't think dad was serious, do you? About you know, spanking us if we mentioned the mission again because I don't think I could handle that!” Peter having already finished his homework was fidgeting and worrying. Harley looked up from his homework and turned to face his little brother.
“Could you repeat that Harley Keegan? I didn't quite catch it.” Harley’s head shot up. Shit, the full name, he had really done it this time.
“I will, I promise. I just, I need some time first.” With that Tony made his way to his lab. Steve sighed. It was going to be a long night, he could feel it.
*with Peter and Steve*
“I know love, I know. But I think you need to apologize to the boys, especially Peter. We've never even grounded him and you just threatened to spank him, he's probably terrified.”
“But it's not fine, Harls. You guys didn't deserve that. And Peter, I'm sorry if I scared you with that threat that I made.”
“Does that mean I have to call you ‘dad’?” Steve spoke up.
“I'm sure Harley. Maybe this will finally prove to dad and pops that I can be more than a friendly neighborhood Spiderman! And that you can do more than just sit on the sidelines! This is our chance!” Harley knew Peter was right, but he also knew that his dads’ hands hurt like hell. However stupid the decision was he chose to do what he needed to do to make his brother happy.
“Great, another one.”
“Shhhhh buddy, shhhhh. You need to calm down, ok? You're going to make yourself sick. Peter is a big boy, he made his own decision. You didn't fail, you just made a mistake. You didn't fail. Shhh. '' They stayed like that for awhile, Harley hiding from everything, buried in Tony’s chest, Tony whispering sweet nothings in Harley’s ear trying to get him to calm down. When Harley’s sobbing was finally reduced to sniffles he reluctantly pulled himself off of his father and wiped his eyes on his shirt sleeve. “Are you good now, Harls?”
“Young Sirs, shall I let Captain Rogers and Sir know that you are leaving?” Peter looked to Harley hoping he had a plan.
“Alright but, we’re doing this one hundred percent by the law and going through all the proper channels.” Tony let a smile take over his face.
Rosehill Police Station
“Oh come on kid, you're still on about this? I was joking.”
“It's dad, can I come in?”
Peter becomes a member of the family.
“Oh come on dad that's so unfair!”
“Not the best option for him? What’s the best option for him then, bounce from home to home for eight years and then get dumped on the streets? Steve, he trusts me, he knows me. I can’t just sit by and watch this happen to him. He’s ten years old Steve, he deserves a real family.” Steve sighed and thought it over for a second, Tony was right they had the ability to help this kid.
“Awww come on dad, do I have to?” Tony quirked an eyebrow at Harley’s whining.
“Peter? What's going on?”
“I don't know, I don't know what I was thinking! Is that what you want to hear dad? Do you want to hear how I feel like shit because I put Peter in danger, and I wasn't even close enough to help him? Or, or how about the fact that the kid's getting his ass set on fire because I failed? Is that what you want to hear dad? I FAILED!” Following his outburst Harley started crying. Tony’s heart broke at the sight that was his little boy sobbing so hard that he was starting to hyperventilate. He walked over to Harley and pulled him into his arms.
“Nothing, nothing Harls.”
“Tell him we'll be down in a minute J.”
“Are you sure you want to do this Pete?”
“You wouldn't really make good on that threat, would you dad?” Peter looked up at his father as he shifted his weight from foot to foot.
“You don’t have to do anything you’re not comfortable with, but we would be happy if you did that.” Harley thought about it for a minute.
“No, maybe…I don't know Steve just the thought of losing them…” Tony stopped, trying to swallow the lump in his throat. Steve walked forward and enveloped him in a hug.
“Harley, if I were you, I would quit if you want to sit anytime in the near future.” Tony’s voice was deathly low, Harley obeyed immediately. “Now I am very disappointed in the way that you behaved tonight” This was bad disappointed is way worse than angry. “you boys could have been killed! Do you understand that?!” both boys nodded their heads in understanding, they hadn't meant to scare their parents. “Good. Now here's what's going to happen, you both have a spanking coming your way. Harley you're with me, Peter you go with pops.”
“Come on Pops don't spank the kid! He didn't really do anything, I was the brains behind everything!”
“Well I can’t call you both dad soooo…..” He pointed at Steve. “You’re pops!” Both Steve and Tony’s faces lit up. And that was the start of the Stark-Rogers family.
Steve and Tony had always talked about having kids but they never thought it would happen like this. “I’m telling you Steve this kid has no one anymore, his dad walked out and the only family he had left just died.”
“I'm serious Harls.”
Harley receives his first punishment.
“Nope, absolutely not going to happen.”
“Yeah kid, I guess it does.” He couldn’t keep the smile out of his voice.
“In my defense, I was only joking!” Steve gave Tony his best ‘dad look’ and the boys watched in amazement as Tony shrunk down trying to avoid the stare.
“Fuck you ,Harley!” Harley knew what Peter was doing he was trying to take the brute of the punishment, and it was definitely working. Both Steve and Tony turned to Peter with anger and shock on their faces. “Just because you're older you think that I can't do anything, and I'm sick of it! I'm just as smart as you, if not smarter, but you still take the credit for everything! I hate you!” Harley knew there was no truth behind the words, but Steve and Tony didn't.
They stripped and bathed beside the stream, dumping water over each other's bodies with cupped hands. He supposed he should have felt shame as Tony unashamedly observed his body, but what was there to be ashamed of? Bathing each other felt as natural as breathing. When they were sufficiently clean, they found a patch of grass to lie in as the sun dried their bodies and Tony's trousers.
Tony hums and spends the rest of the dinner teasing Steve like his life depends on it. Although Natasha and Clint stare pointedly at each other from time to time, the others don't say anything. Tony wouldn't be surprised if those two had a telepathic connection with each other.
still had trouble rationalizing real life
They ate in silence, albeit not an awkward one. Even back then, now,
The Ancient One reached for the tea pot that had been placed in between them.
“Killian,” Tony said. Aldrich Killian. The name sounded annoyingly familiar but it seemed like the harder Tony tried to remember him, the more the face seemed to fade from his mind. “No, I don’t remember that guy.”
“Flip the screen,” Tony said. “Then I can see what they’re doing.”
“Rock and roll ain’t noise pollution,” he sang under his breath. He envied the lyrical growl of Brian Johnson’s voice, Tony’s voice being much softer and smoother than his.
, the vibrations traveling through Steve.
“You look like shit.”
Tony doesn't know what he's expecting as Thor takes them down a series of hallways, the light growing dimmer and dimmer the further they go. He's not expecting a girl. At least he thinks it's a girl. It's hard to tell when their skin has been completely stripped off their body.
Rumlow’s brow furrowed as he puzzled over what Tony said. Meanwhile, Tony turned his attention to Dugan.
Steve works Tony over with the ease of someone used to spending time on his knees, suckling at the head of his cock, letting his tongue dip into Tony’s slit to lap at the precome pooling there.
Rhodey curses, anger and frustration evident in his face. He thankfully softens when he looks at Tony, eyes roving over him for injuries like Tony might be hiding them, which given their history, was a smart move on Rhodey's part.
A bright blue hologram appeared over the center of their table. Steve stands up and starts to circle it. He could practically see the wheels behind Steve's head turning, formulating a strategy from the bottom up.
? Tony had practically thrown himself at him.
“Erskine’s serum was,” Steve pauses, trying to find the right word. “Selective. That's why he chose me. Do you think Zola’s serum was the same?”
Tony stared at him with blurry, yet unblinking brown eyes, before sighing.“Please don’t tell Clint.”
Bucky nodded at Robb as he left out. Robb closed the door, the latch snapping shut with a sense of finality. Steve was finally alone with the courtesan. Gods help him.
“It’s ‘Steve’ now?” she says with interest, and Tony curses her. He walked right into that one.
,” Steve cursed, drawing the word out. “How the hell are you so tight?”
“I could show you how,” Tony continued, finding Steve’s hands. Heat surged through him as Tony guided him down, down to Tony’s hips and then further to his ass. Steve kneaded the flesh, marveling at the moan that escaped Tony’s lips.
Steve tried to ignore the hummingbird beating of his heart, the clamminess of his palms. He wanted to throw his windows open. Whether to let some air in or throw himself from his balcony was still up for debate.
about him? He found himself approaching Tony until they were nearly toe to toe.
It wasn’t a grand request but the implications behind it…
4. This chapter features some dialogue from Iron Man 3 so just as a precaution, I do
Tony closes his eyes, pressing his head against Steve’s skin to clear the chilling image from his brain.
of pretending Tony wasn’t one of his closest friends. At this point, so what? They lived in a world of Norse gods and Mad Titans, if Tony and the others found out about what had happened to him, what were they going to do, deny time travel existed?
Returning the Tesseract had been easy enough, yet it left him feeling hollow, reeling from both his past and present—future?—colliding. With every step around the base, he kept on expecting to see Tony in his scientist getup right behind him, some inane, yet amusing quip or another on the tip of his tongue. He also saw Peggy everywhere he went; a flash of crimson lips here, a swish of perfectly curled brunette hair there. He had lingered once more, right outside her office—and he was so
“It was
He glanced at them through his lashes, propping his head up with his hand so he wouldn’t keel over. It was like a scene out of a movie, the way their lunch played out exactly the same.
Tony smiles despite himself. "What are you planning?"
Comments, kudos, and bookmarks are much appreciated. I love seeing your guys' reactions even if it's just a string of emojis 💖
had to do.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony looks down, observing the damage. The gunfire's resumed, Natasha and Clint aiming with deadly accuracy. Good. That makes his job easier. The thrusters in his boots are shot, but his HUD and hand repulsors are still functioning.
not have the best track record. But that doesn’t answer my question.”
Tony isn't new to desire or lust, but the need burning inside of him like a red-hot coal consumes him in its intensity.
Aaah!! I'm sorry this was late but work literally kicked my ass last week and I could not write to save my life. On the upside though, this chapter was a bit longer and fluffier so hopefully that makes up for it. Chapter Four might also be a bit late but I'm going to try to stick to updating on Sundays as much as possible. Thank you to everyone who's still with me and for everyone who's just now finding this story, welcome! Be prepared for pain! Anyway, y'all know the drill, comments and kudos are much appreciated. Follow me on
Hill enters the workshop, looking less than impressed.
"Tell me," Tony finds himself saying. Steve's working his fingers in and out of Tony now, searching, searching…
“Captain—”
Steve shrugged, suddenly uncomfortable. Tony had just taken him to unimaginable heights of pleasure. The least he could do was be courteous. "It's the least I could do," he voiced his thoughts. And Tony took his hand.
Two weeks later, the look on everyone else's face when Tony presents them with the matching t-shirts he designed is more than worth the hour of alone time he promised her with Natasha.
for more stony/marvel content!
Rhodey doesn’t say anything, he just takes out four sweet potatoes and gets to peeling them. His hands are a blur as he makes quick work of the first sweet potato and starts on the second one like its nothing.
It was the look of a hunter on the prowl.
“Tony?” Steve said warily.
Of course, he does. Carmen's like him...in more ways than one. She had been orphaned at nineteen when her parents' plane had gone down over the Atlantic. And at twenty-one, she had also found herself the sole heir to a family fortune and no family to share it with. She got the idea for
Steve dove into his pasta, shoving a forkful into his mouth before he could say anything else embarrassing.
Steve stepped back, trying not to show that he was hurt. He
“Try to get his breathing under control,” JARVIS stated.
Steve takes off his boots and tactical belt and props his shield against the foot of the bed. The wind picks up outside and seems to blow right through the cabin. Tony backs himself into the corner of the bed, and Steve joins him, facing the door. Tony wraps the remains of the blanket around both of their forms. Trying to keep his distance is damn near impossible on a bed as small as this one, but Tony still makes an effort. He just hopes that JARVIS managed to ping their last known location to the others before he went offline.
, he thought idly.
“Do you mind signing my drawing?” The girl said, holding out said drawing to Tony.
“They’re comfy!” he shouted, stomping his feet. The eyes of the helmet-shoes started to glow, setting Steve off once more.
"Ha! Bucky's my only friend. Dugan...he's a good man, but he still serves my father first and me second. The rest might as well be puppets. My father's tools to do whatever he pleases." The bitterness in his tone surprised even him. He never had much of a head for politics, but part of him wondered if there was another way to rule.
“I want to do it again,” Steve says. “If that’s alright with you.”
Steve winced. “Sorry, Tony it’s just…you’ve been up here for a while and I was…I was worried about you.”
She hasn't changed a bit since Tony's last seen her. She's still tan, still short, shorter than Tony. Her dark wavy hair is pulled back into what she used to call her "business braid" for when she had "shit that needs to be done."
No casings? What kind of bomb left behind no casings? Even if the bombers were suicide bombers, there had to be some kind of debris or shrapnel left behind. Tony would know. He placed one of his hands over the arc reactor. If Rhodey noticed, he thankfully didn’t mention it.
for more stony/marvel content! See you guys soon!
Steve froze, his fingers stilling inside of Tony. Tony held his breath. He mouthed off to Steve all the time but very seldom could Tony actually get him to break. He decided to push it one step further.
Steve's thumb becomes his pointer and middle fingers. Tony sucks them, lathing at them with his tongue until they're slick and glistening when Steve withdraws them from his mouth.
“Okay,” Steve says. His voice is softer than Tony’s ever heard it. It strikes a chord within him, like an electric shock directly to his core, leaving him exposed and bleeding.
“Tony,” Steve groans, one of his hands sliding up to intertwine with his. Tony doesn’t say anything, just laces his fingers with Steve’s and wraps his legs around his waist, urging him to go faster.
Tony’s face wrinkles. So,
Steve's eyes darkened, and Tony should have known then that he was in trouble.
The food is strange and the people are stranger and he just wants to go back home. He never thought something as trivial as food would upset him; Steve was a child of the Depression. They were lucky if they had something other than boiled potatoes for dinner at any time of the week.
They come at the same time, their hips moving together so fluidly like they hadn’t spent a year apart, Tony against his stomach and Steve inside of him. This time tears
They’re lucky enough to find an old cabin that hopefully won’t collapse on top of them in the middle of the night, but their luck runs out when they realize there’s no firewood. Tony’s tempted to go out see what he can scrummage up, but there’s no use. He had no ax, let alone the powers of his suit to cut wood, and any stray branches he could manage to find would no doubt be wet and therefore useless.
"I gave my life to putting an end to HYDRA, and no matter what I do," Steve whispers, more to himself than to Tony, "they always come back. They always come back and take something from me. I'm fighting a war with no end, Tony."
“I’m yours," Tony cried out. “Fuck, Steve, I’ll always be yours.” And it was the truth. There could not,
“Stark, I swear to God—”
“Ma’am, I’m pretty sure my definition of dead is the same as everyone else’s.”
Okay, I
The serum. He remembered now. He had been talking to the sorcerer in the yellow robes, trying his best to ignore the pain that had slowly been consuming him, when as soon as she mentioned it, it was like his migraine had intensified tenfold. And the serum had done
Bucky shrugged. “He might surprise you. But if you’re so determined to have no fun, I’ll arrange for him to be sent back to the
Tony stops in his tracks and immediately wants to do a full 180 back to his workshop and not come out for a good ten, twenty years.
," he thinks.
“We also need to
“Cross my heart and hope to die, honey bear,” Tony says.
Within a month, the renovations on Stark Tower are completed, and Tony makes his move to New York.
But while Steve seemed to be thriving, Tony was slipping. It had been three months since the Battle of New York and Steve knew the other man tried his hardest to hide it, but Tony was hardly getting any sleep. Tony’s dark circles were permanent features on his face now, along with a cup (or twelve) of coffee in his hands. He also spent nearly all of his time in the workshop. Before, Tony had at least come out of the workshop to eat (unhealthily but hey, Steve wasn’t complaining. At least he was eating.) or to catch a few hours of sleep on something other than the worn couch in his workshop. But now, now it would be actual
“Can you…can you move a bit closer?”
Steve returns the stones.
“If Richard doesn’t mind.” Tony turned to look at Rhodey with the widest smile he could muster. “You alright with this, Dick?”
He had the feeling that she knew he was holding back, nothing got past her after all, but she didn’t needle him about it either.
The others sit and think over his words before Clint clears his throat.
"You asked," Tony says. "Speaking of Bruce, Brucie, you've been quieter than normal. What's going on in that brilliant head of yours?"
Tony's hands found Steve's body easily, palming Steve's rapidly swelling cock through his trousers. Just one kiss, one touch, and Tony had set him on fire. Steve deepened the kiss and slipped his tongue into Tony's mouth. Tony welcomed him eagerly, and Steve savored the little moans that escaped. Those sounds were for
"Have you ever ridden before?" Steve asked, ignoring the others and focused his attention on Tony. Tony had successfully mounted his own horse, a mottled tan and white courser, which was reassuring. However, Rumlow had to get one last word in before Tony could answer him.
Tony settled on a bottle of Chardonnay. Chardonnay and salmon would be perfect for date night. And although Tony would die before he’d ever admit it out loud, hopefully they’d have some cuddling time on the couch.
"Yes, please," Carmen says, her voice coming out high and reedy. "I mean since you're
Tony still confuses him, even with his warmth. Steve is especially confused when Tony asks him out on a date, beating Steve to the punch, and he’s even more so when Tony tells him to come up to his penthouse suite.
“Not technically,” he repeated, deadpan. “I’m only slightly dead.”
“Go on,” Steve said. “You know what to do.”
“How do we help him?”
Tony wipes himself down and gets dressed in record time. He's not going back to sleep anytime soon, and he's caught up on all of his projects for SI and the Avengers themselves. If he's being honest with himself, which happens once in a blue moon, he needs some comfort. When he leaves his workshop, in a strange sense of deja vu, he finds Steve waiting for him, almost like he was summoned by Tony. Steve's hair is mussed; he looks like he woke up in the middle of the night too. He's leaning against the wall, looking cool and mysterious...that is if it weren't for the fuzzy bunny slippers currently dominating his feet.
Mark 42 knocked on the helmet. “Aw, damn it, no can do. You wanna just kiss it on the…”
Tony grits his teeth but sits down (far away from Romanov), and Steve sits next to him.
“And… my body? My future…present…”
“Alright, let’s do this,” he said and raised his arms toward the suit.
“Do it later, Point Break. You look one thunder bolt away from passing out. Besides, I’m starving, and nothing short of death is stopping me from eating.”
"They're cozy," Steve says, taking a seat at the island that divides the rest of Tony's private floor from his kitchen. "They're free, and bunnies are cute. What's not to like?"
"Then you need better friends," Tony said, finally meeting Steve's eyes. His breath caught in his chest. He had thought Tony's eyes beautiful, but the sun rays beaming through the foliage made them radiant.
“And then you came in here all handsome and seductive,” Steve continued, ignoring Tony’s sarcasm. “I’m a weak man.”
“Whatever for?”
Pepper. Was he? He’d been trying,
“Tony that’s…” Bruce began.
Steve sends Natasha, Tony, and Thor off with a nod, while he, Clint, and the Hulk stand guard. They have their own missions to fulfill.
There's less energy in his steps as he turns around and walks right back to the basketball booth.
Even from underneath the pillow, Tony can tell Rhodey is frowning. “Gross,” Rhodey says.
She was still beautiful. But then again, Steve was biased. Even when she had been lying in a hospice bed, her hair long gone gray, he had still thought she was one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen in his lifetime. Her hair was longer, although her signature curls were still in place. Her lips were as plump as ever and done up in that lovely red hue he had come to associate with her. She was dressed in a pretty, yet functional navy blue dress with a white collar.
“I’m moving back to Malibu,” Tony repeated, shifting back and forth on the balls of his feet. “To be with Pepper,” he clarified. He had cleaned himself up since last night. His hair was gelled in its usual coif and he had trimmed the edges of his beard.
“That whore has a name.”
An hour later, when Tony awoke from his nap, stretching languidly like a cat, Steve had prepared themselves a nice meal consisting of blackened chicken served upon a bed of angel hair pasta tossed with garlic butter, parmesan, and herbs. “Damn, Cap,” he said, scenting the air. “Who hipped you onto pasta?”
It's hard to say no to Steve when he's looking at him like that with those ridiculous eyes of his.
One moment, Tony had been indulging in quiet conversation with Bruce about his travels. His fellow scientist had decided to treat them all to a wonderful samosa recipe he had picked up in India. It was a breakthrough for Bruce, sharing a part of himself with the other Avengers without fear.
“Seems like you’re stuck with me for a year, boy wonder,” Rhodey had said laying down on the bed languidly.
It was the peak of spring. There was a restlessness to the air, as if every person on earth was collectively holding their breath for the start of summer. Tree leaves swayed back in forth in the gentle May breeze, bringing with them the scent of flower buds and Maple tree sap. It was the kind of day that made you want to leave the house and venture out into the world.
“No sign of cardiac anomaly or unusual brain activity,” JARVIS replied.
“Oh.”
"Tony?" Steve whispers, a little bit of awe seeping into his voice. Tony holds back a flinch, trying to tamp down on the surge of guilt that threatens to choke him. Had he been so cruel to Steve, so sparse with his affection?
AJ held up her hands. “No need to continue, I know exactly what you mean. And you know what, for every person it’s different. Some people are still capable of joking or having fun it’s just
Tony knows he should alert the police or Ross or
And so here he was. It’s not like he had
Fear tried to sink its claws into him but he shook it off. He couldn’t afford to be afraid. Not when the fate of this timeline was resting on him.
“Before you go,” Tony began. “There’s space at Stark Tower if you ever need a place to crash. For all of you, actually.”
Steve furrowed his brow. A support group for superheroes…wasn’t a bad idea. Not at all.
"Easy, Tony," Natasha says when she notices him hyperventilating. "We made it. We'll be leaving soon. We just need to find what we came for."
around Steve’s cock.
Steve’s grip tightened near imperceptibly on the arm of his chair. “Crawl to me. Now.”
the Time Stone should seldom be used. I assume whatever device you created operates under the same rules.”
,” Steve says, his voice rising.
He hadn’t been the only one busy.
"There's four gunners on the western side," Steve says. "How long do you think until they call for reinforcements?"
“Uh, Switzerland?”
The first month was the hardest.
“Tea?” she asked. “It’s jasmine.”
“A little bit,” Steve whispers and meets him halfway.
Tony latches onto the change of subject like the lifeline it is. "What do you have in mind?"
"Yeah, I'm fine," Tony says. "Come on. Let's catch up before they kill each other."
“And then there were two,” Steve echoed.
“Thank you, ma’am,” he said.
“With the approval of the prince or the king himself,” Rumlow shot back.
Steve squeezed his hand just so and the coil of arousal unwound itself. The fire in his belly engulfed his entire being as he came hot and wet all over Steve’s hand and his own stomach. Through the ringing in his ears, Tony heard Steve swearing in the background.
Tony lifts his hips to meet Steve, and the hot slide of flesh against flesh leaves him gasping like a virgin.
"Come on," Bruce mutters.
“I think if gamma radiation didn’t kill me, undercooked chicken won’t stand a chance,” Bruce said wryly.
Hailey nodded in agreement. “It’s like everyone thinks you forgot how to laugh after…” she trailed off.
Tony holds up his hands. “Wait,
His shower is large enough to accommodate five grown men and is more than enough space for Tony's purposes. The water kicks on with a hiss, coming down like a bout of summer rain.
Tony picked up the bright fuchsia crayon the girl had brought with her and drew a speech bubble to where his mouth would be.
The Red Skull smiled, a grim, bitter thing. “Do you think I would still be here if I could lie, Steven?”
“Did we, Nat? Because it sure as hell doesn’t feel like it.”
," Tony echoes.
Steve either.
“Well,” Tony rubbed the back of his neck. “Yeah. We were just, uh, we were just hosting you while I finished up some work.”
Tony took off his ever present sunglasses, rolled his eyes, and poked Rhodey in his shoulder. “Okay, maybe War Machine is a little too on the nose. But you could’ve at
“Tin man?” Tony bristled. Soon he and Clint were griping back and forth and it was such a familiar sight, Steve almost wanted to cry.
Sweat builds at Tony’s temple as Steve fucks into him with rough, desperate thrusts. His grip on Tony’s hand is tight, too tight, and Tony’s sure he’s going to leave bruises when they’re done.
(See the end of the chapter for
Superfriends. Is that what people were calling them? Colleagues, sure. Teammates, definitely. But friends…friends was a whole other ball park. Tony had thought for a minute that maybe something had been building between the six of them. But then life had gotten in the way. It always did.
"Tony."
Tony just holds him tighter and smiles against his neck. “You said it yourself, Cap. You can’t get rid of me that easily.”
"Ready Cap?" Bruce said.
Steve withdrew his fingers and Tony almost whined. Naked as he was, heat still surged through him like he was caught in the midst of a wildfire. Tears of relief pricked the corners of his eyes when he heard the squelch of lube. He could practically envision Steve’s cock, long and thick, his cockhead weeping. He wanted to take Steve into his mouth, lap at the pre-come dribbling from his tip.
“I was heading out to lunch when one of the…ships? That kind of looked like whales? It um,” she looked down. “It crashed into the building. I was stuck under the rubble for twelve hours.”
“No,” Jarvis says. “My mother always told me to never measure anything. The food tastes better that way.”
Follow me on
Pepper raises a brow. "It's
Tony loved music. He loved turning the volume all the way up until the floors were practically vibrating and the floor to ceiling windows of his workshop were quaking. Each note would sink its way into his skin, setting his blood alight and filling his head with noise until he could barely hear himself think. On days where his mind went into overdrive, drowning his thoughts out with music was a blessing. It was no secret that he loved classic rock the most; it was loud and intense and it had pissed Howard off which made it good in Tony’s book. Howard had called it delinquent music so obviously that meant Tony had to play it, full blast, at all times.
Steve grinned. “Excellent choice.”
He didn’t mean to get so close to the courtesan, but he just had to stop him from leaving, if only to right his wrongs.
It’s probably, no
It had been a day like this one, so beautiful and peaceful you could almost forget the blood and sweat and torment that came before it. And Tony...Tony had been alive. In the physical sense, anyway. Steve remembered how hollow Tony's eyes had looked that day, could almost see his metaphorical demons hovering over his shoulders. Steve remembered thinking that the light in his eyes had dimmed.
go. “Let us go, or you’ll never find peace,” she had said, her eyes shining bright with earnestness.
“Jesus,” he blows out a breath once they’ve left the room. “That was intense.”
“How much milk?”
“Okay,” Tony says. “Okay. I guess you could call it
"Are you going to wreck me?" Tony says.
“Thank you, sire,” Peter said once he had finished his bread. “Not many…not many lords would have done that.”
he had been living it up in an alternate timeline while the others were either dead or working to rebuild the foundations of their society and he wasn’t
“Stark,” he said.
It’s not working. But then Tony remembers Romanov; “
Years ago, Steve would have mistaken Tony’s actions for arrogance or laziness. Now though, now he could see that even from the beginning that Tony had been working overtime trying to look after all of them. Anyone with eyes could see that they were all exhausted and in desperate need of rest and sustenance. And despite Thor’s protests that he wasn’t a fragile mortal like the rest of them, Steve had noticed the sluggishness to the god’s movements.
“Don’t focus on what
Tony to take him back into his mouth like he needed air to breathe. He could barely think over the cloud of lust that had descended on his brain.
Steve, Fury's blustering be damned.
"...You answered that insultingly fast."
The omelette comes out blackened and burnt on one side and undercooked on the other and in that moment Tony hates the arc reactor with a ferocious intensity, wants to rip it from his chest, consequences be damned.
The aforementioned dunce cap had been jauntily placed on top of DUM-E’s robotic arm after he had knocked one of Tony’s gauntlets off of his workshop table. Normally, Tony would have written it off as DUM-E’s usual brand of clumsiness had he not been consecutively knocking stuff off of Tony’s table for four months. The bot had been acting up ever since Tony had returned to Malibu. DUM-E had reacted the same way when they had first moved to New York to live in Stark Tower. Or Avengers Tower as it was now being called. Which was funny seeing as there was currently no Avengers living in it at all.
Tony's so caught up in drooling over a rack of ribs or some trashed wings he barely notices the others walking off to the next booth, Steve lingering behind to wait on him.
Steve punches in said code with his knuckles, his other hand too busy balancing a plate of spaghetti. He makes himself known, knocking on the door frame, and walks in, his footsteps purposefully loud. Tony hates when people sneak up on him.
Time travel never got easier. But considering the fact that they were literally bending the laws of physics to their will, Steve guessed it wasn’t
Natasha nods. “You can fill in the blanks from there.”
put the fear of God in him. Hundreds of the Chitauri’s strange whale-like creatures that also served as ships moved in a facsimile of gracefulness and beauty, closing in on the portal. They were closing in on him and everything he had ever cared about.
“Don’t do that,” Rhodey says, voice slightly muffled from the pillow he has resting over his face. “It’s your best feature.”
Tony furrowed his brow before closing his eyes and sighing. “It’s Friday isn’t it?”
He returned their greeting, dismounted, and led his horse to the stablehands currently keeping watch over the other's horses.
. It should be perfect.
“Why to start?” he inquired.
“Or better yet, tell me,” Tony finds himself saying. Four pairs of eyes shoot to him. If he were a lesser man, he would have wilted under the sudden attention. “I’ve got a bone to pick with Reindeer Games, too.”
He’s still arrogant, especially on the battlefield, but whenever he watches Tony topple firewalls and HYDRA agents alike (often at the same time), he thinks that maybe Tony deserves to be a little arrogant.
Something akin to pride swelled in Steve’s chest. “No,” Steve agreed. “And now he knows to think twice before setting his sights on you unless he fancies a lashing.”
All chatter had ceased in the great hall as the entire court witnessed his father go pale, then scarlet, then finally violet before he spat out the words, “Thank you for this lovely gift Lord Barnes,” for Steve had been too shocked to speak. Gracious indeed. His father had eaten his own words.
"Never," Steve says fiercely, his grip on Tony's hips tightening.
Thor ropes Steve into the strongman game, which attracts a crowd, but who would turn down the sight of two handsome, well-built men lifting heavy things and showing off their muscles? Tony certainly couldn't, and given the way Bruce eyes the bulge of Thor's biceps, neither could he.
"Just fine," he says, smiling in a way that surely made him seem manic. "Just swallowed the wrong way is all." He was going to
. “Tony? Come on, man. This isn’t a good look, you gotta open up.”
The pressure leaves his thigh, and Tony deflates a bit in disappointment. Well...Tony had always believed in giving as good as he got. Making up his mind, Tony toes off his shoes and waits until Steve raises his soda can to his lips once more to run his toes up the other man's calf.
“Natasha’s report was bullshit and you know it,” Steve said, his voice beginning to rise. “Tony, we need
Usually, Steve appreciated Peter’s merry mood in the mornings and often thought of it as a pick-me-up, but last night's events left him groaning and burrowing deeper into his sheets.
“Can you pass me a towel?”
All thoughts of Hemingway and Santiago and that fucking Marlin flee Tony’s mind as he stands from his chair and makes a running leap towards Rhodey’s bed.
“I—I,” Steve stuttered. What could he even say? That he came from a timeline where a genocidal maniac wiped out half of all sentient life? That he and the Avengers had
,” and any desire he had dies. He should nip this in the bud now. They are absolutely not having a repeat performance.
"Iron Man? Are you alright?" Thor asks when he reaches Tony.
“Hard pass,” Pepper said. “I love you and I love the suit but I think it’s best if I stay out of one.”
Perhaps the look they shared had been nothing of importance…or perhaps it was the clandestine glance between two secret lovers.
“I’ll go first,” Steve said. His collage was simple. Only a handful of images had called out to him as AJ put it. He had thought about how he viewed himself and how other people viewed him and had split his images in half. On one side, he had a bunch of patriotic pictures of the flag and hard-faced soldiers at attention. On the right side, he had darker-toned pictures; pictures of clocks and storms and cliffs and right in the middle sat an image of his shield that he had managed to find after some serious digging.
In that moment, he's glad they went to the carnival if only to forget the world for a little while.
“With me?”
Tony snorted. Even in his pre-serum days, Steve was anything but weak.
Steve’s answering grin is sharp, something smug and possessive hiding behind it.
get worse.
“Take it easy, Tony,” Rhodey said steadily.
“Maybe I was a little harsh,” he said sheepishly, rubbing the back of his neck.
"Don't do anything stupid 'till I get back," Steve said, the words coming easily to him.
“Hey, Cap,” Tony said, trying to force a smile but it wasn’t right. It wasn’t a real smile. “I’m gonna need you to stay with me, buddy? Can you do that? Can you count with me?”
Rhodey looked around before leaning in to meet Tony halfway. “It’s classified information, Tony.”
“I heard that!”
“She’s so mysterious,” Carmen had said over the phone. “Tony, I
“No, no it’s fine,” Chris said and set down her scissors. “There was a stray mine. We drove over it and I remembered being surrounded by fire. Fire and dust and smoke.”
"Lucky for you, I bear you no ill will," Tony said.
“Sure it is, J. It’s not like I wrote it or anything.”
“Because I’m bisexual and have no sense of self-preservation. It’s why we’re friends,” she had chirped.
can’t afford to lose you.”
Lurk on my
Steve should have said no and been done with it all.
Tony cups Steve's face in his hand. Steve closes his eyes, leaning into Tony's touch. When he opens them, his eyelashes are clumped with tears.
“How are you feeling?” Steve asks, setting down a stack of papers.
“I’m not a baby!” Perhaps crossing his arms petulantly hadn’t helped his case.
He grimaced, the thought of doing his duty souring the swig of wine in his mouth. Now that he was of age, he
Before Steve could open his mouth, Tony beat him to the punch. Stroking the mane of his mare as if in thought, he said, “You’re quite right, sir, although, I will say I’ve found that horses tend to have better breeding.”
Tony felt tears well in the hollows of eyes, but not tears of sadness, never sadness. These were tears of ecstasy. Maybe it was wrong for him to
you. Not for your looks or your money, but for who you
"What can I say?" Tony gives her his cheesiest grin. "I wore him down."
Peter, seemingly uncaring of his master’s physical condition, went about things like usual, chattering all the way.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Tony, I—"
She shook her head.
Tony nods and with shaky hands, pours milk into the pot of flour and melted butter. He stops, stands on the very tip of his toes to peer into the saucepan, before pouring a little bit more. With a satisfied nod, Tony put the milk on the counter while Ana whips the mixture with a whisk.
"We'd just be running booths, meet and greets, that sort of stuff.  Nothing too crazy," Tony says. Pretty run of the mill stuff for a fundraising event.
He doesn’t want to protest and demand that Tony sit on the floor like Clint because one, that would hurt Tony’s feelings, and that’s the last thing he wants to do. And two…he kind of wants Tony to sit with him. Even if the thought on Tony’s thighs touching his makes him want to scream. In a good way, though.
It explained a lot about him. Hell, it was one of the things about Steve that made Tony lose his mind and want to kiss him senseless in the same breath.
Tony broaches the topic of Carmen’s carnival at dinner and immediately braces himself for the worst. He’s not a pessimist by any means, but he sure as hell doesn’t expect the best from people whenever he asks them for a favor.
With a sudden surge of daring, Tony steps off from where he'd been leaning against the wall and slides onto Steve's lap. Steve lets him, his hands settling on Tony's hips like they belong there. Tony wraps his arms around his neck and leans in.
“Jarvis, drop my needle.”
"Can you send my location to the others?"
. It's painful looking at him. Sometimes it feels like his heart's gonna swell up and pop right out of his chest when he looks at Steve.
It's just four words, but it's enough to make Tony blush. He facepalms, under the pretense of annoyance at something one of the others had said.
Fast forward two weeks later and Tony was teaching Dodger to fetch tools from across the workshop. DUM-E had been ecstatic to have another friend in the workshop and had taken to racing with Dodger to see who could get the tool Tony needed the fastest while Tony threatened to give DUM-E and Dodger to a community college and kennel respectively.
Reaching into the case, Steve grabbed the Soul Stone and let it go just as quickly. Instead of dropping to the ground, the stone hovered in the air, glowing a brilliant orange. The shimmering light grew brighter and brighter, engulfing everything in its path until Steve’s eyes burned from its intensity.
Tony huffed out a laugh before reaching for the pocket of Steve's utility belt that he was 99.9 percent sure carried lube. He flipped open the pouch, and sure enough, a travel-sized bottle of lube resided in the pocket.
Bruce shows up first, drawn to the idea of a bed to sleep in, a constant food source, and a (relative) lack of people shooting at him.
“Mr. Stark, Agent Hill is requesting entrance to your workshop,” JARVIS interrupts them before Rhodey can further interrogate him.
concern the bedroom?
It's like three weeks late but Happy New Year! I know it's been a *cough* few months *cough* but I'm not dead! 2020 did not kill me and I am still working on this fic! I work retail and now that Christmas is over, I should have more time to focus on my writing, which is the reason why I'm updating today.
"You're a good man, Sam. This one's on me, though."  And it was. Steve was tired of others dying for his sake. Sam gave him one last searching look before nodding and stepping back.
—Tony had sworn to himself to take that secret with him to the grave.
He ran a hand through it, hoping to get some of it out of his eyes but looking at his reflection in the glass of the elevator, all he had succeeded in doing was giving himself a cow lick. Huffing, he tried to tame his hair, yet it was futile. His hair seemed to be as stubborn as the rest of him. Steve was so busy fussing with his hair, he hadn’t even realized that he had long since passed his own floor on the tower and wandered straight into Tony’s penthouse at the same time said sleep-deprived genius shuffled into the room. They both froze, staring at each other for what seemed like centuries. The last actual conversation they had shared had been a month ago when Tony had first invited him to live in the tower. Their other interactions since then had been few and far in between; short, stilted conversations with long awkward silences.
Steve presses a kiss to the corner of his mouth. "Your smile." Another kiss on the tip of his nose this time, making Tony chuckle. "Your laugh."
“I’m not so sure about that,” Bruce says, stifling a yawn. “Odin exiled Thor to earth when he disappointed him.”
“Yeah?” Barton says, crossing his arms.
Sam and Rhodey claim seats next to each other on the sofa, Pepper and Nat sitting on the opposite end. Steve’s sitting in his usual armchair that may or may not have his name stitched on it because Tony thinks he’s a comedian. Thor and Bruce take up their usual spot at the loveseat, Thor’s arm slung around Bruce’s shoulders. Clint sits at the foot of the sofa, Natasha’s hand carding through his hair absentmindedly as she says something to Pepper that has her laughing.
"...Is it weird that I kind of actually like these?" Clint whispers to Natasha, who's tracing the lines of her hourglass on her shirt.
The heat of the shower works wonders on Tony’s muscles. He stands directly under the spray letting the water cascade down his back. He’s proud of himself. For the longest, after escaping from that awful cave, he couldn’t stand the sight of water, let alone submerge himself in it.
, read any further into it. Tony scoots closer until his front is flush with Steve’s back. Tentatively he wraps an arm around Steve’s waist.
"Done," Carmen says without missing a beat. "That's how serious I am."
Tony hates how he falls into Steve’s arms as soon as his lips meet Tony’s. He had thought once would be enough, just enough to satiate the burning in his blood. He hated being wrong.
“Shit, Tony,” Steve grit out. “You always feel so fucking good. I just want to,” Steve’s fisted a hand into his hair. Tony was starting think the other man had an obsession with it, with as much as he liked to lead Tony around by it. “Fuck your mouth whenever I want.”
Tony glared at him, shuffling over to the dining table, blanket and all. “Not all of us can remain young and spry forever.”
"Natasha thinks she's funny," Steve says. His voice is deep and burly, still syrupy thick with sleep.
They hit the floor with a loud thud that surprisingly doesn’t have someone knocking at their door to see if they’re alright.
“She, uh,” Tony rubbed the back of his neck. “She misses me. She thinks I’m spending too much time in New York.”
“Enough teasing,” Steve said, wrenching Tony’s head back. A whine left Tony’s spit-slick mouth, his fingers digging into Steve’s thighs. “Either you suck my cock like you mean it, or I send you out there with pre-come and drool all over your face.”
Hey...I know it's been a minute but, I'm not dead. Life got real crazy since I last updated. Me and my entire family ended up getting Covid in April and are literally just now getting back to normal. Just family drama, death, everything. My motivation to write has just been extremely low. I do want to see this fic through to the end though so I stayed up all night working on it for you guys. Hopefully, I'll be able to get back into my groove soon.
Tony's dream comes to him unbidden. Everything plays out the way it had in real life; the sonic device
Then SHIELD falls.
And then he remembers, "
“You’re welcome, Steve. You know you can always trust me to tell you the
"Hey," Steve says when they make it to his booth. "You about ready?"
"But seriously, how does it feel to be a superhero? You guys all live together, don't you? Oh my God, you're just like firefighters. Do you have a little pole you slide down when there's an emergency? Ooh, is there an
“Lie down,” Steve whispers and for a moment, Tony pretends like he can trust him.
“It is,” Natasha said. “What’s the catch?”
Tony shrugs and takes a sip of his own coffee. He had always had issues with sleep. He woke up frequently throughout the night and would only start feeling sleepy around two in the morning to the point where attempting to sleep at all felt like a waste of time. Give him a cup of coffee with four shots of espresso, and he'd be good to go.
"Maybe so. It's refreshing having another scientist to go mad with," he says, smiling devilishly when Pepper pales.
“Then, no, you’re not dead. Not technically.”
It, like many things involving him and Rogers, had started because of an argument. Both he and Rogers had been working overtime cleaning up one of Tony’s (although he would argue that it was only 50% his fault) messes. Rogers had been bitching at him nonstop. Tony barely remembered the words that had come out of his mouth. Only the rage, followed by fear as Rogers had stiffened and leveled Tony with a gaze so intense it felt like Tony’s soul was being laid bare. And then came the lust. His ears had burned as shame and lust slammed into his gut in equal parts. Rogers was his co-worker, even worse, his superior, and yet none of that had seemed to matter in that moment as Rogers had seized Tony’s face in his big, calloused hands to pull him into one of the filthiest kisses Tony had had the pleasure of partaking in.
The cheap cotton sheets are starting to stick to his back, tacky with sweat, and all thoughts of Siberia and even Germany cease to exist in the whirlpool that is Tony’s mind. Instead he focuses on the sound of the singer’s voice, soft and sweet like stepping into a pool on a hot summer day. There’s a bitter undercurrent to her voice as the lyrics of her song sink into him and register in his brain.
put a name to it.
Steve inhaled as the line began to extend again, holding once it reached its final shape, and exhaled as it began to fold back onto itself. He repeated the exercise for what felt like hours until his heart beat reached its resting rate and the tremor in his hands started to subside. A current of air began to blow, cooling Steve’s heated skin. “…Thank you, JARVIS,” he said tiredly. “Can you…not tell Tony about this?”
It wasn’t one picture, it was several.
“Alright now you’ve gone too far,” Clint teased, pulling away from his offended boyfriend. He took a breath to ease his anxiety, rolling his eyes when he saw that not only was James giving him his respectable distance - he was also smiling with that stupid proud smile of his. “Shut up.”
“Tony broke up with me and hasn’t been at school the last week. He won’t return my texts or calls and won’t even talk to Pepper! I think things have gotten worse at home but I don’t know what to do,” Steve rushed out, not able to keep his composure any longer. He was really worried about Tony and hated that he promised he wouldn’t lay a hand on Howard.
“You sure? They make butt plugs with pretty gems for the base…” Tony teased as Steve stalked over. He thought maybe he’d kiss him quiet, but instead the blonde bastard snatched the Polaroid and crumbled it up in his hands.
"There's no such thing!" Joey said exasperatedly as Steve watched Tony stand up.
“You better watch what you say or I’ll put you in your place the way your slutty-ass is known for,” Hunter threatened.
“Because I’m so bad?” Steve asked with a brow raised.
“Well, I thought you could use some cheering up…” he said with a shrug and a small smile.
“You’re impossible,” his sexy blonde responded with a smile and a head shake.
Officer Hill called Steve just after Dr. Strange had told him to go home and come back tomorrow morning. He assured the blonde Tony was absolutely fine and would make a full recovery, but he’d be out from the anesthesia until then.
“Well, he’s obviously got some kind of brain if he said yes to our Bambi, Steve,” earning an eye roll-smile-combo from said teenager and a not-too-entirely-convinced shrug from Steve. “Just maybe casually slip in that my newest Iron Man suit has deflective armor for stealth mode should he – “
“I expect you to behave yourself,” the exasperated woman said as she offered Steve another apology. “Can I show you gentleman to the door before a harassment lawsuit gets filed?”
"Really? You wouldn't want to wait until you're older and more...I don't know...stable?" Buck simply laughed before bringing the baby to his face to kiss.
“So that’s...complicated. And there’s a kid involved?”
They both turned to the sounds of Miles and Emerson coming home, which prompted Steve to grab his husband’s hand and take them to the bedroom for more privacy.
Steve hit the sirens as they made their way to the given location.
His mood picked up about a minute later when he heard the sounds of tiny feet stampeding towards him. The door burst open to reveal his first born, breathless and smiling at the pair. His parents trailed behind, clearly having struggled to keep up with the pup.
Steve had to keep himself from laughing when the six year old actually glared at the old man in response.
“No, J, take me to the ground floor…I need to go for a quick walk.”
And yet… the world works in mysterious ways.
“I’m going to put you in timeout for being such a nuisance!” Pepper said as she made her way back into view. “He’ll be alright, right?”
“I’m taking it you haven’t had the best run-ins with him, sir?”
He looked up to see some guy with a hoodie speaking to the SHEILD agents in charge of Peter. He had sunglasses, an obviously fake mustache and a hat under the hoodie…but Peter immediately recognized the man. His body went rigid in the realization…he willed his body to move as he gently Indiana Jones’d his escape from his Pop with pillows. When he stood up he made eye contact with the fucker as the man turned away from the agents and started walking away.
He tightened his arms around her before whispering back, “anytime, baby girl.” Her eyelids grew heavy as she fell into a peaceful sleep.
It was getting to the point that he felt the need to walk on eggshells around the blonde. Some days Clint was his normal goofy self, the two of them doing playful pranks on each other. Changing Bucky’s ringtone to “Barbie Girl”, stuffing Clint’s locker full of packing peanuts, taking turns pulling the chair out whenever one goes to sit down.
“Yeah, but I was like six months old…” he said in confusion.
But as luck would have it, May was back at her home, having afternoon coffee with her dads while Peter was coloring next to them. She felt a little frozen in the entrance way, silently watching the group before her little brother noticed her.
“No, wait,” the blonde said, pulling Bucky back down by his shirt. “I can do this.” The brunette couldn’t help frowning when Clint kissed him, able to feel the smaller teen trembling below him. He was forcing himself because he thought it’s what Bucky wanted.
“I’m sure the god of thunder can handle two teens,” the blonde and brunette chuckled for a moment longer before they sat in comfortable silence.
“You’re killing me here, Brucie-bear! What are you talking about?” the Omega asked as he threw his hands up dramatically.
Instead of just an afternoon, he decided the three should spend the whole day together. His Pop packed them a picnic that they ate at a nearby park. Then they went shopping and got Harley some new books and toys, where the adorable pup also picked out some stuffed animals for his little brother.
Tony snapped back to the present when he realized that now, now he knew what love was. Thoughts of Steve - his kind, caring, amazing father and loving husband who is also his soulmate came to his mind. The sexy, sculpted, amazing in bed Alpha who constantly and vocally proclaimed his love for the Omega. Who puts the man above his gender and loves when he talks. Who loved his pup from the beginning and has been so patient and kind even when the pup openly disliked him back.
He took a moment to adjust her under his grip, tightening one arm around her waist as she grabbed a pillow to bury her face in preparation. This was beyond humiliating for an almost eighteen year old and she felt shame burn deep in her gut. She was wearing her long pajama bottoms over her underwear – and he pulled both down to her thighs in one quick yank.
Who was now the most important part of their lives, thanks to some love and daises.
“Huh, okay. Uncle Steve does this mean we can make the fort in the living room?” his favorite girl in the world asked excitedly.
“Then we’re sorry,” Janet piped in, “but we can’t let you back there without ID. There’s a lot of crazy Iron Man fanatics running around out there. Wouldn’t want to put Mr. Stark in any kind of danger.” The two hyenas laughed at the apparent joke. Her clenched fists began to tremble as the tears flowed freely.
“Ever heard of the Winter Soldier?” Tony asked, pulling out espresso to make them lattes when he heard Rhodey sputter next to him.
She eventually pulled up in front of a warehouse, the man looked skeptically at his sister as she got out of the car without explanation.
