Steve only rolled his eyes and Clint made a gagging noise that only caused Tony to smirk. “I’ll be thankful when you guys stop with the cutesy, mushy shit because the thought of Stark getting down and dirty with Cap only makes me--ow.”
Steve gently pulled Tony’s hands into his own and guided him to sit back down. “I’m not trying to make you feel like one, but this is something we have to talk about. Maybe not right now, but you can’t let it go either.”
“Cross my arc reactor.”
“Steve Steve Steve Steve Steve,” he chanted in whispers that eventually turned into shouts. “I’m coming, I’m coming, oh god. Steve.” He kissed the soldier once more before his hips jerked violently, his eyes squeezing shut, seeing stars as he continued to chant words in whispers he’d never before said to the blond.
Steve huffed, mock affronted. “That’s captain troll to you.”
“You know—“ the brunet said, voice careful, like he was afraid to ruin whatever moment they were having, “you can call me Tony more often. I mean, it sounds good coming from your mouth.”
“J.A.R.V.I.S., lights down.”
“No. I mean yeah. No problem. It’s fine. I mean it’s you so you’re entitled to it I suppose.”
“Just make a wish, Pepper! I’ll prove it to you.”
Howard turned his attention to Steve. “And who are you?”
Steve nodded again. “Yeah. We just moved here last week.”
“Thanks, but…”
One day Tony stopped texting. That wasn’t the part that wasn’t normal though. Tony would go for a week or two without texting sometimes, but he hadn’t heard from Tony in over a month. He had tried texting a few times himself to make sure the man was okay but never heard anything in return. Maybe Tony had gotten bored of their game and finally decided to stop. Which was fine. Definitely. Totally fine. It’s not like he didn’t have school projects and finals to start focusing on eventually anyway.
He held up a disgustingly bruised wrist with a small grin. “I’ve had worse. Just a few bumps here and there. Nothing a little R&R won’t repair.”
Bucky gasped in mock betrayal. “Steve Grant Rogers, are you replacing me? I can’t believe it. Is he prettier than I am?”
Tony’s brain was a mess of incoherent thoughts as he valiantly tried to keep up with Steve’s pace, feeling Steve’s erratic thrusts and knowing he was close to finishing. Steve’s pants became harder, moving faster and faster before freezing inside Tony, body clenching as he spurted his release into the condom, falling bonelessly onto Tony for a moment as he tried to catch his breath.
Tony tried to tame the wide grin that was threatening to split his face with no luck. “I have it on good authority that I am not known for my good ideas.” He walked closer until he stood right in front of Steve, not touching but close enough that Tony could hear Steve breathing. “I’ve missed you, I’ve wanted to—we can try. I want to. With you. Um…” Tony felt his face getting warm.
Steve laughed and threw his eraser at Bucky’s head. “After this conversation I’m seriously reconsidering my options.”
“Anthony Stark, this is not how I raised you!”
Tony flopped his hands on the bed and whined a little bit. “I’m tired of laying in this stupid bed with these stupid drugs. Me and Bruce are going to have words about this, just so you know.”
The look Tony shot him was something he’d have to think about later. Tony wanted to come with him and help, but Steve had forbidden it numerous times even though he’d allowed the guy with the wings to go along. He felt guilty Sam was risking his own life, he wasn’t going to put Tony at risk too.
*****
The bartender handed the drinks over to Steve and Tony chose that moment to power on the toy. He watched with wonder as Steve’s spine stiffened and he had to make an effort not to crush the glass in his hands. Tony admired the way Steve’s ass clenched, the way his back muscles were showing through the sinfully tight shirt he was wearing. Despite the initial hiccup, Steve managed to make his way back to Tony without revealing anything had changed.
Steve was now looking extremely confused, but Tony was betting on it.
“Right,” Steve muttered, then louder, “make a sweep of the house, if he’s not here then get ready to move out. We’ll convene in the debriefing room.”
“Sure. Sounds great. I’ll have Jarvis get right on that.”
“Who?” Steve asked quickly.
Tony gave him a sympathetic look. This was something he sort of understood. He lost a lot of weight when he was in captivity because they didn’t find it necessary to feed him and Yinsen regularly. And considering Steve’s metabolism, he wondered how the soldier would be feeling by the time they finally did get out of this mess.
Steve stopped running, braced his hand on the wall. “Get somewhere safe, Buck. Bruce will come for you soon.”
Steve folded his arms across his chest. “Why did you kidnap Stark?”
Tony just side eyed him. “People will do anything for a person with the money, or the person that brings in the money for them. I should have known Obie wasn’t any different.” Tony scoffed and pulled one of the folders back to him. “My dad always said having too much heart was a sure way to destruction.”
“Okay, thumb slowly again, only this time see if you can hold it for five seconds,” the genius murmured, the magnifying goggles on his head making him look somewhat comical. Bucky complied and watched as certain parts on the inside seemed to work together fluidly. So far there was no pain.
The other’s shuffled out of the room as if their asses were on fire, leaving just an irate Steve with an upset moody genius to handle. “What the hell crawled up your ass, Tony. Everything is fine and then—“
The guy arched an eyebrow. “Thanks. I’m Tony by the way.”
“Good. I’ve been trying to wake you up for awhile though. I was about to take sexy drastic measures to get your attention.”
Obie shook his head sadly. “You were a failure, boy. Always were. Too much of Maria’s softness and too much of Howard’s determination to change the world, to thrust us into a period of peace.” He coughed loudly, wincing as he did. “Howard wanted to shut down weapons too, you know. Thought it was time to end it all, take SI in another direction. I can sell peace, but only with the right technology.”
Reaching toward the drawer for the lube and a condom caused Tony to whimper as he had to move away from him momentarily.
“I, uh…” Steve looked all around the room, everywhere but at Tony, seemingly struggling for words.
Sam spoke from Steve’s left. “The rooms were a mess. The explosion looks to have taken out a few of the other prisoners cells. We found charred remains that they hadn’t bothered to clean up.”
Steve sighed, his voice shaking a little. “I just wanted this to be a good, meaningful Christmas.”
“Cap, if there’s one thing I know it’s that I mess up. All the time. No matter how hard I try or how good my intentions might be, I end up getting people killed. Or hurt. I end up screwing up, letting everyone around me down. If I did something to make you hate me, I don’t know how I’d...I think I’d hate myself more than I ever thought possible. And I really need to stop talking.”
Steve looked from his work up to Tony’s wide brown eyes and knew himself defeated. He pushed himself up from his desk and held out his hand for the garment.
“You’re slowing down traffic.”
“All you had?”
“Sucks,” came the genius’ pained reply.
Steve found Tony lying on the couch, a bowl of popcorn balanced precariously on his stomach as the younger man slept to the sound of doctors discussing their love lives with each other. It was a rare moment to see Tony resting; one Steve had managed to catch only once or twice since Tony had fallen under their care. Under any other circumstances, Steve would have removed the popcorn, turned the television’s volume to low and covered Tony with a blanket, but things being as they were, they had somewhere to be and no time to lose.
“Are you referring to yourself there?”
This kid was obviously not going to survive an encounter like that. He swallowed and then cleared his throat, making his presence known. He didn't exactly want to get his ass kicked, but he didn't want to have skinny boy's injuries keeping him awake at night.
"You're seeing Steve now."
“Okay,” Steve replied.
Steve blinked. “Ah. Yes. Was that the question?”
The agent shrugged. “Actually I was going to ask if I could take you up on that offer for a trip to Portland.”
“What? How long have I been...Jarvis, what time is it?”
Steve was shocked into silence for just a moment before grabbing a chair and pulling it close until he could sit across from Tony. Steve knew this game, knew how to negotiate. “And say we decide to help you out, what’s in it for us?”
Tony was flipping through the pages and stopping on the ones that were finished. He smiled wide and held up the sketchbook and Steve had to avoid facepalming. He’d gone home after double date night with Bucky and sketched Tony as he’d seen him playing the piano from memory and now he felt like a dumbass for even forgetting the drawing was in there. He was definitely blushing now and waited for the smart ass remark he was sure would come next.
Maybe all the guilt he felt would go away one day.
“Oh wait. Isn’t that the keyboard guy in Natasha’s band? What’s his name? Iron Man?”
It stopped being so awesome when I became a teenager.
“A little bird sent me here.”
“Justin Hammer is just a fucking asshole, Steve. I’m going to end up killing him at some point, and I don’t think I’d care if I went to jail for it. The truth is, you shouldn’t have to hide from everyone. The point is, we’re your friends and we don’t care. The rest of these...imbeciles will be long gone by the end of the week.”
On a scale of one to ten, his day rated as a solid 20 for being the worst day of his life.
For the past couple of weeks, Tony had been designing several new electronic devices, creating prototypes after staying up three days straight, moving fluidly from one project to the next. He couldn’t rest, wouldn’t rest, until he was satisfied with what he had created. There was the usual cell phone/tablet combination because it was pretty run of the mill except better than all the others because it was created by a Stark. He’d also designed a better engine for the quinjet, a pair of patent pending hover sneakers based on his repulsor technology but without the punch his gauntlets produce (for obvious reasons and there were also a lot of safety issues he still needed to work out, but whatever because it was still in the early stages) and maybe a type of fabric that either cooled or heated the body depending on what it needed, already knowing what temperatures fell under the parameters of safe and dangerous in any situation. The fact that it was the same shade of blue as Steve’s suit and possibly already created to fit the soldier perfectly meant nothing at all. Nope. Not a thing.
Steve wanted to point out that Bucky and Natasha weren’t really helping considering the fact that neither of them had to wait for the other to come back into the country. He had not heard from Tony much at all. Instead he attempted to smile at the both of them.
Justin clamped a hand over his friend's mouth. "We hear you. No reason to get violent."
“For...you. It’s for you. I have this idea in my head that I can look past this ridiculous crush I have on you so you won’t ever find out, except now you know so that makes it pointless, but really it’s because I’d rather keep you as a friend because I’m selfish and I will take what I can get when I get it.”
“I know. I wish it didn’t have to be this way, but keep your head up high. Don’t let them see that you’re hurting because they’re out for blood.”
Another breath, fists clenched at his side. “He’s my best friend and I just want him back. I want back the guy who was always there, who always had my back. I want all of it back but he refuses to talk to me. And when he does it’s not much. He’s so angry and quiet and not at all like he used to be.”
A few minutes later Tony joined his son and began to make Peter’s breakfast. He looked back once and smiled while he popped the bacon into the microwave because it hurt less since there wasn’t bacon grease popping onto his arm. Also, it took too long to do it the right way.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Someone who cares about everyone else so much that he will do anything to ensure their safety. Someone who does this because it makes him happy to help others in one way or another.”
“I can’t just…”
Tony sighed and nodded. “Good. Kiss me again.”
Tony finished the tail end of the instrumental part and was smirking again. Steve stared at him for several seconds before finally giving a small round of applause for the performance. Tony took a tiny bow while seated and scooted over to make room for the both of them to be seated on the bench.
“Then why doesn’t my dad like me, Steve? I try to be like you, and I try to tell him I want to be like you so he’ll like me too, and he always says I can’t. I want to though. You’re nice and you smile at me. Dad never smiles at me. He is always mad and he drinks gross things. My mom said I’m just like him, but I don’t want to do all that stuff, Steve. I want to be like you.”
“Never mind. It’s not important.”
His series of pieces for the art show had been more difficult to complete. He’d had a charcoal sketch of Tony that he’d started. It wasn’t complete before their huge fight, but he’d made so much progress that he finished it anyway. His professor loved it. Steve couldn’t look at it. That was a bit dramatic yes, but it was still true.
Natasha drew her brows together. “What kind of weapon was it?”
“Something wrong, Cap?”
The soldier sighed, his shoulders slumping. He wanted to see Tony, to have Tony hold him and tell him things would work out in the end, but he couldn’t. He wouldn’t. And he knew Tony would never lie to him like that anyway.
Schmidt spread his arms wide again and smiled. “Then, Captain, as they say, hit me with your best shot.” When Steve didn’t move, Schmidt chuckled. “As I thought, you refrain from making the first move, morals can only get you so far, Captain.”
“You do realize that by shutting down that department you’d be putting a lot of people out of jobs. People who work hard and have dedicated years of their time to the company.”
Tony lifted his hands to show surrender. “Of course it is. Most genies either go by Genie or have some ridiculously exotic name.”
He pulled his hand away. “There’s ice in the fridge.” He pointed to the small one he kept in here when he didn’t have time to go elsewhere. Steve nodded and grabbed some ice and a towel to hold over Tony’s hand. “I guess we’re friends. And if we are then I’m not going to use you. You’re a person, not a weapon or a toy or a slave.”
“What’s a shovel talk?”
“Ah. I am indeed proud of this most superficial achievement. Now, brother Steve. Tell me where I might be of most help.”
Tony attempted to protest but Steve kissed him into silence.
“He was being a jerk!”
Tony blinked, expression smoothing out. “I don’t need to do it.” He crouched down next to Obie, the barrel of his gun pressed against his head as he spoke close to his ear. “You’re going to get what’s coming to you.” Tony stood up, started walking toward Steve, leaving Obadiah still on the floor.
Steve pulled back slowly, licking his own lips and giving the genius a satisfied smile.
He reached, stretching his arms as far as he could go, standing on one foot and balancing on his toes at this point. So close. So very fucking close. Curse this abnormally tall tree.
Steve could admit that he hadn’t been expecting that answer. “I’m almost tempted to go with the easy response here, but, I’m inclined to ask you to elaborate instead.”
Despite Tony’s greatest fears, Steve actually did return close to three months later. He had been tired and a little weary, but Tony had shown him the suite he’d designed for Steve and introduced him to his state-of-the-art 21st century bed. He even pretended he wasn’t insulted when Steve complained that it felt like a marshmallow.
Steve looked as if he was about to protest but then stopped himself before gave Tony his own smile. “All right.”
Steve just laughed and shook his head. “Of course.”
“So then I guess you can tell me what happened between you and Tony that was so bad you guys are no longer speaking to each other?”
Steve forced his eyes to open, and looked down at Tony’s hand working his cock over. Watched as Tony twisted his wrist and milked out another drop of precum. By this time Steve’s cock is red and thoroughly wet from having Tony spread his precum. His breath is came in quick pants now, only shutting his mouth to cut off any sounds that would’ve slipped out too loud. When Tony moved his other hand down to play with Steve’s balls, Steve had to close his eyes. The scene was too much, and pushed him closer to finishing.
When Steve looked up from the havoc being caused by the bot he found the genius staring at him, a smile on his lips but eyes that were surprisingly unreadable at the moment. They kept up staring, something curling in the pit of Steve’s stomach the longer it went on, until Tony broke his gaze away and Steve felt himself almost instantly sag in relief.
For his part, Steve wanted to be annoyed with Bucky but he understood the logic even if he didn’t plan on admitting it out loud.
Steve watched him walk away and exhaled, bowing his head and rubbing the back of his neck. If this plan of theirs didn’t end up being the death of him, there was no doubt in his mind that Tony Stark would be.
“I know the drill, Steve. You always forgot who taught you it in the first place.”
Tony had always assumed that he’d go out in a great act of heroism for the world to see. Sort of like when he flew that nuke into space and it was broadcast on every single channel. He was Iron Man and it was risky so he knew what he was getting into and there was always the possibility that he wouldn’t make it home alive the next time. He was okay with that though. Not to the point that he actually
Tony looked exhausted. Exhausted and more conflicted than Steve had ever seen the youngest Stark. “By saying yes to this, that means that you’ll keep me under the radar, use your skills to help me spy on Obie, gather information that can put him away for a long time. I want to force him into a position where all his lies pile up until he’s practically dug his own grave. I don’t want him to be left with any choice when the cops finally go looking for him.”
The first thing Steve noticed was the duck pond. He practically floated to the bridge that overlooked it and stared down.
“Are we what?”
Steve frowned at Tony then. “Why do you think he’d get mad at you?”
Something warm filled Steve, rolling pleasantly somewhere around his abdomen. “You’re welcome, Tony.”
by Kellebelle
Steve held up his hand in a halting motion, “Let me get this out first and then you can speak, I promise.” Tony nodded and Steve took a deep breath and then—promptly fell silent.
“For what, Cap?”
Bucky whistled low and impressed as he walked to Steve, eyes still scanning the room. “What the fuck was that?”
“Yes. It is.” He stood quickly from the bench and settled himself down on Steve, straddling him and pressing a remarkably chaste kiss to his mouth considering the way he was sitting on the blond.
He quietly made his way to his own suite, shield on his back and a bag slung over one of his shoulders. He was in need of a shower and a nap. He felt too wound up to interact with others but too depressed to go work off some of the tension in his shoulders and back.
Steve blinked and then suddenly he was with them again. “Sorry. Did you say something?”
“Pfft I think we both know why you enjoy having me around, Cap.”
It took only moments before the others appeared, shuffling their way quickly into Steve’s office.
“What about, Spangles? The last time you told me we needed to talk was that time I crashed into a parking garage and nothing ever came of that.”
“Fuck you, Steve Rogers, I am too.”
Obie laughed cruelly and clutched his wound, his words coming out slower than they had been, weighed, “You did something your father didn’t do. You locked away all of your designs, designs we would need when you were gone.” His eyes fluttered closed. “Just because the company is in your name doesn’t mean you get to make all the decisions, especially when you don’t know what’s best.”
Steve dressed like a punk rocker. How fucking hot was that? Of all the things Tony had been expecting to see that night, it was definitely not that. It took him a second to recognize the blond but when he did he realized it was pointless to try and let go of that little crush he had. Steve was in a band too and he had to say he never saw that one coming. This, of course, made him feel a desperate need to get to know Steve just a little more and he had to figure out how. He’d seen him standing in front of the stage during their performance and he tried not to smile too much because he’d caught Steve looking at him a few times, but it seemed they were mostly there for Natasha.
“I don’t think he’d ever feel like that. That’s why I am calling unresolved sexual tension. You guys have it, and if you think I’m making that up, you can ask Peggy and Pepper too. Trust me when I say that Tony is not going to fall into line with all these assholes getting uppity about the fact that you’re gay. You should at least let him know how you feel about him. I mean how you really feel.”
He was rocking back and forth on the balls of his feet, hands shoved into his pocket and smiling proudly. Steve gave the phone some consideration and smiled briefly before setting it down. Tony tried not to let this bother him by moving on to the next thing.
Steve shook his head. “Ah, no. Sorry. I just...” he stood up straight once more and turned his head to look down the hall, thinking now would be a good time to grab Bucky and get the hell out of there.
Bucky gripped the other man by the throat and lifted him a good two inches from his seat. Steve waited until the other man turned distinctly purple and started scrabbling uselessly at Bucky’s metal arm before telling Bucky to let go.
“Don’t you start, buddy, or I’ll put you right back in the bottle.”
“I hope I can make this as good as your daddy does then.”
“I always sound ridiculous, Pepper!”
The genie looked thoughtful for a moment. “I know this place,” he spoke almost quietly.
Tony grabbed the star before anyone else could get it. “I call dibs.”
“Idiot,” Bucky said with a sigh, but Steve thought it sounded almost fond. Despite the pain, his friend seemed a bit more lighthearted now that his pain was being addressed and possibly fixed. Steve figured he might count that as a point in his Reasons To Trust Tony Stark book. Just maybe.
Steve chuckled and kissed Tony. “We have all the time in the world.” He kissed him once more.
Bucky had come back home that day, eyes slightly confused and just a little bit off balance, telling him about the things Stark promised and the results he guaranteed would ‘blow his fucking mind’. He told him how he thought the kid was trying to get his number at first until he’d started poking and prodding at the lost limb, asking Bucky about mobility and pain levels. It had been a whirlwind meeting, Bucky said, over almost as soon as it began and ending with a card pressed into Bucky’s palm and an appointment to meet Tony in his workshop that upcoming Saturday.
“You need a hand with that?”
When Tony opened his eyes he noticed two things. It was extremely bright in his room and he was uncomfortably warm. He licked his lips and frowned at how dry his mouth was so he shut his eyes and groaned hoarsely.
“Well I’m glad to see you’re in a good mood at least.”
Tony smiled. “Hope so. Otherwise we’re making trips to the hot dog stands.”
“Right now?”
Once the made it to the landing pad, Tony put Steve down as different parts of armor were removed from his body. Steve watched in something that resembled awe, but Tony wasn’t sure if it was the tech or the fact that he knew he looked damn good in the undersuit he wore with it. After he was free of all metal, he slowly approached the soldier with a small, predatory grin.
He tried not to think about that. It hurt too much.
Steve smiled against Tony’s lips as he let out as involuntary moan. “Fuck.” Tony panted as he felt Steve’s searching fingers slide back and slide across his hole. Steve gave Tony’s lips one last kiss before sliding down his body, he let his breath gust over the head of Tony’s shaft before taking it into his mouth.
Rhodey and Pepper just nodded and followed Tony as he made his way to the dining room table where they all sat down, each bracketing Tony on both sides, bodies angled toward the genius.
Steve shrugged and put a handful of popcorn into his mouth.
When Tony found Steve, the genie was in the same position he’d been in the first time he was looking out the windows.
“Okay, Pepper. Pepper. Take a deep breath. There are several things we need to discuss and I need you here.” He jerked his thumb in Steve’s direction. “This is Steve.”
“Oh god. Another, Steve. Fuck.”
Coulson’s sudden appearance in Tony’s workshop caused the genius to jump.
“Do you want Bruce to get you something for the pain?”
“Hey! I heard that!” was the last thing Tony said before the elevator doors shut and took them down to ground level.
“Welcome home, sir. It is good to see you back safely.”
The face of the woman on the screen went from worried to annoyed. “Tony, we thought you were dead! What is going on? How did you get home? They couldn’t find your body, Tony! Now you’re home and acting like nothing happened and I’ve been worried sick about you! Who is that?”
“Fuck, Tony,” Steve ground out. “I’m so hard right now.”
“Really? Would you like me to repeat everything you just said?”
He was busy filling a mug with the blackest coffee he could get when he heard Steve walk into the kitchen with hellos for everyone. And if he sounded a little sad, a little lost, and if his eyes lingered a little too long on Tony who was very adamant about not looking at him, well he was going to pretend not to notice.
Peter eyed Steve. “Whatever you say, pops.” And then he ran off.
Sometimes I feel like you look at me and you genuinely like me for Tony and not for being Howard’s son.
“Why would I tell you? That’d just ruin the surprise.”
Tony rolled his eyes to the ceiling, away from the site at his feet, at the injured but alive man who had meant so much to him growing up. He sighed; here he was, decked out in an assortment of homemade gadgets and he couldn’t even bring himself to use them, even when he knew the other man wouldn’t hesitate to use them on him.
“What does that mean?”
The genius shot Steve a glare. “I’ll be right back. Don’t go anywhere.”
“Get up! I want eggs and bacon and ice cream.”
“What it is, Peter?”
“It isn’t going to change anything. Can you just tell me stuff like that next time?”
“Stop it, Tony.”
The doctor looked at his chart. “Grumpy,” he said aloud as he also wrote it down. “It’s good to see you alert. You woke up a few times but fell immediately back to sleep. You’re pretty lucky all things considered. You have some cracked ribs, a broken collarbone, broken arm and broken leg.”
Steve scratched his head. “Are you sure you don’t--”
An hour later Pepper found him and told him it was time to get ready. Tony grabbed the few items he’d brought into the practice room with him and followed her out. He looked in the mirror with a wicked smile as he turned to look at himself from all angles after he put on his performance suit. He looked good. He always did. Pepper did magical things to his hair. She made it look like he spent no time at all getting ready when it actually took the better part of an hour to get it to look like that. She added a touch of makeup just to keep him from looking washed out by the stage lights.
“Tony, where were you today?”
Steve grabbed Tony’s hand, holding firmly onto it as they waited for the elevator to get up to Tony’s penthouse. Neither of them were sure how to end their first date. They were both smiling like idiots and walked out of the elevator as the doors opened.
“I love you too, Tony.”
Steve nodded and Tony didn’t miss the fact that he was still shaking. “Yeah.”
Tony was out of his hospital bed before they could put him in it. His paralysis was gone and the only reason he’d stayed as long as he had was because Pepper had pinned him with a glare that dared him to challenge her on this. As it was, he cared more about Steve than himself. The doctors didn’t have time to tell him he was perfectly fine before he was making his way to where Steve was.
Tony gestured with a hand. “Just open the laptop and watch something. You’ve got options. Quit being a Grinch.”
“I fucking nailed it!”
He was ashamed to admit to himself that what Bucky had said to him had impacted him more than he’d ever imagined. Not Bucky though. He wasn’t Bucky. That was the whole point.
“I didn’t mind. I enjoy being with you no matter how old you are. And your five-year-old self is a lot more mature than your adult self.”
Tony nodded once, sharply. “Good. Good. That’s good.”
The soldier couldn’t help but smile at this because Tony did look genuinely excited. “Yeah.”
Steve shook with silent laughter, shaking his head. “Take care, Tony. I’ll think of you.” And with that he leaned forward and pressed a chaste kiss on Tony’s lips. Tony wanted to deepen the kiss so much, but he refrained because Steve had said he wasn’t ready. He watched Steve leave and found himself wishing the soldier would be back soon.
Tony just shook his head. “He’d eat you alive, Steve. It’d be pointless.”
Tony shook his head and grimaced. “Keep your friends rich, your enemies rich, and wait to find out which is which.”
“No,” the brunet said through clenched teeth. “No, that is not what I want.”
“Bucky told me your friend Tony hasn’t texted you in a long time.”
“Oh.”
“Hi, honey.” Came a rasping voice followed by a choking cough. “I’m home”.
For four days Nuts-N-Bolts was wherever Steve looked, chasing after him to the bathroom, to stand guard as Steve showered, to watch him eat, to watch Steve work in his office or chirp at him while he worked out in the gym. The bot had even taken to sleeping at the foot of Steve’s bed after the first night where he wouldn’t stop tapping at Steve’s door until Steve gave up and let him inside where he’d remained silent until Steve woke up the next morning.
“In my experience, those who want everyone to fear them tend to be the biggest cowards of them all,” Steve said evenly.
“Sounds intense.”
Maybe that was the wrong thing to say. People were looking at him with a mixture of anger and annoyance. Except Steve. Steve just looked upset and okay, Tony was an idiot for saying that because everyone Steve had ever known was dead and that wasn’t fair at all.
“But not what you want to do.”
“Oh, son of a bitch!”
“You’re the first person who’s ever released me from the lamp,” Steve replied.
Tony curled himself into Steve, whispering apology after apology against the blond’s neck, letting Steve comfort him for the time being. He would probably wake up in the morning and worry about this all over again, but for the time being he wanted things to be okay and he wanted to keep feeling Steve holding onto him.
Bucky looked between the device and the men still laid out on the floor. “O..kay?”
Steve took that as his cue to dodge out of the way, firing a magical bolt (Tony had no other word for it) from his hand that knocked Obie back, clear across and to the other side of the workshop.
Fury cleared his throat, and Steve suspected it was to cover a chuckle. “Let’s just say that he’s yours to deal with and it’s hard to say when this will be reversed. Until such a time, Iron Man is on the bench...for obvious reasons.”
“That’s not your job. We look out for each other, but we each know the risks. We’re all a bunch of adrenaline junkies. That’s just how it is. But if you ever see me fall from the sky one day, for good, and you ever blame yourself for it, I’m going to come back as a poltergeist who sings NEVER GONNA GIVE YOU UP at the top of my lungs every time you try to go to bed. I’m also changing your internet connection to dial-up just to spite you. I know you love the Internet so don’t even try to act like that wouldn’t just piss you off. You wouldn’t want us to blame ourselves if something happened to you.”
“Ugh, I don’t want to think about it,” Steve replied. “Maybe none of them will.”
“I know, Bruce, but that doesn’t change to fact that I need to be able to trust him to do what needs to be done in the end.”
“We’re not going to hear the end of this for awhile, are we?”
“Perhaps, but I believe the Man of Iron has enough to deal with at this time. It is hardly fair to demand his presence as well.”
“Steve, I mean maybe not now. Maybe things would be good, but you’d eventually get tired of me and move on and we’d have a horrible ending and we wouldn’t even be friends anymore because of some huge mistake I will inevitably make that will ruin everything between us and I don’t want to lose you.”
When Tony woke up, he was aware of several things at once. He wasn’t in his bed. His neck hurt. He was huddled under several blankets, very naked, and Steve’s arms were wrapped around him. So perhaps not a total fail. Then he remembered he was in Russia and that he was angry at the soldier. Seeing as he was too cold to get up, he instead rolled over so he could face Steve because he wanted the glare on his face to be the first thing the blond saw when he opened his eyes. Maybe a slap would help speed up the process of waking so he raised his hand a little just to get enough leverage but was stopped by a firm grip around his wrist. That part caused Tony to startle a bit and he sighed.
“I’m going to accept that as a compliment.”
The brunet looked at Steve with a tired yet satisfied smile. “We are so doing this all the time.”
Steve jerked back, away from Tony, who slumped against the wall dejectedly, and pulled out his phone to read the alert.
Tony just sighed. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to kiss Steve. He really really did, but he was sometimes a ridiculous sap and wanted a kiss to mean something. Okay a kiss from Steve to mean something. He had it bad. Shut up.
“Chatter,” Steve called, holding up his hand to count down from three.
Steve looked up from behind his desk, wariness turning to disbelief as Tony told him he needed to go out on his own for awhile, that he had a few things he wanted to get from his workshop in the mansion and that only he could sneak in and out undetected.
“It doesn’t work like that.”
“Hey! You can’t just say that and expect me not to ask questions.”
“Nothing happened.”
He found himself feeling guilty when he realized that’s exactly what he had done.
“Bucky!” Steve shouted, turning toward the direction he’d come, not moving just yet. “Report!”
He wanted it to feel good, knowing that he’d essentially won, but all it did was made him feel sick, an unpleasant bubbling in his stomach and a lump lodged in his throat. Half of him wanted to gloat while the other half roared to be down on the ground helping to stop the bleeding somehow.
“Yeah,” Tony answered weakly.
“How many times do I have to tell you not to stand there and watch me like a big creeper, Pep?” He was smiling down at the piano, speaking over the music as he continued to play.
Tony didn’t even have the energy to try and dodge it at this point.
Pepper didn’t say anything.
Tony sighed. “It’s my plane! It’s not going to take off without me!”
He glanced up just in time to catch Tony swallow hard, eyes rolled toward the ceiling.
Before Steve could speak Tony sprinted off around the corner and out of sight.
“That makes you sound like an old man,” Tony joked.
Tony rolled his eyes with a scoff. “My mind.” He held out his hands. “These babies helped. I made him.”
Always be true to yourself. Howard was a blind idiot not to see what an amazing person he had helped bring into this world. You are one in a million, Tony, and I’m glad you’re the one I ended up with in the end. Howard might have been a good friend, but he’s nothing compared to what you are today.
“Then how do you know you’re a genie?” Tony challenged.
Steve just rolled his eyes.
Steve stood up to answer it faster than he would like to admit, told himself that it wasn’t because it could possibly be Tony coming back for whatever reason.
This was his mentor. This was his pseudo father. This was his friend.
Natasha simply arched an eyebrow and then smiled when Hammer had to drag the other boy away as he explained that Natasha probably knows ten different ways to rip a man's balls off without breaking a sweat. He had no desire to be on the redhead's angry side again.
Steve quirked an eyebrow and allowed his fingers to brush over it again, curious about the tattoo on Tony’s chest. It was round and blue, but with an intricate pattern. “And the tattoo?”
That gave the genius pause and he cleared his throat. “Okay. Shoot.”
When Tony began to thrust his hips, fucking himself on Steve’s fingers, Steve added a third. His fingers found Tony’s prostate and he pressed against it before sliding his fingers over and around, Tony freely moving his hips up and down now.
Tony blew out a breath, rocking on his heels a little. “Okay, okay. Hearing you loud and clear. You’re not in the mood. Do you want me to join you in bed?”
“No. It’s not your fault. It’s not.” He pulled Tony toward him, wanting to hug the man, but he was met with resistance and Steve wasn’t going to force it.
Maybe he could try and squeeze Steve into his life somehow. That is if he ever actually got to see him again.
“Steve!” He gave the soldier a smile. “Just the man I wanted to see. I made some things! Lots of things actually. Come take a look.”
“Did you just fucking blue shell me, Stark?!?”
Tony looked up and then, “Ok that was not there when I came in here. Who’s responsible?”
Bucky grinned. “This is why you’re my favorite.”
*****
“I don’t think there’s one bad thing that could be said about you.”
"You're about to bring an unfortunate type of pain on yourself if you don't walk away right now."
Epilogue:
Sharon laughed again. “Peggy always talks about how shy you could be. I think it’s sweet.”
Leaving Tony behind was easier said than done when part of him wanted nothing more than to stay close and keep an eye on the other man both to make sure he was resting and to make sure he didn’t get into more trouble with no supervision. He already knew Tony was no stranger to sneaking through the guards he had in place, guards that were due for a rigorous training if they’d already been breached not once, but twice by the genius.
“Stay down,” he said.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up. “Is that a fact? I wasn’t aware you were a skilled pianist.”
“Just a genie. Yeah right. I don’t think genies are supposed to be as sassy as you are, but I kind of like it. It suits who I am and you’ve made things interesting.”
When it was time for the Howling Commandos to take the stage Tony made sure to watch. He told himself it was because he wanted to see if they were any good and that it had nothing to do with the fact that he could stare at Steve. He couldn’t even convince himself of that bullshit because Steve was the only reason he was still there. Tony didn’t think he’d see him ever again, but apparently luck was on his side. He waited around just long enough for Steve to see him. He’d smiled and waved and proceeded to make his way to the back room where he’d met Steve before. The odds of Steve finding him again were fairly slim but he was feeling pretty lucky all things considered so maybe the odds would end up being in his favor after all.
“But I enjoy it, dad! Doesn’t that matter at all to you? I finally have friends and people to talk to and you’re worried it will interfere with the part of my life where I have no friends at all?”
Tony slowly pushed himself up until he could rest on his elbows, one hand moving to rub at his eyes. He spoke slowly, voice still rough with sleep. “What? Okay? We’re going…somewhere.” He yawned and Steve struggled not to compare it to that of a sleepy kitten. “As in, out of the house somewhere?”
Natasha smiled. “I was surprised by how easy he got off the hook on that one. Pepper usually accepts no excuses. She must have been pretty scared.”
Bucky gave him a side eye. “I thought that was a given.”
At this Fury grinned slightly. “In a manner of speaking, yes. Unfortunately, cognitive recalibration is not going to fix this problem.” He gave Natasha a pointed look. She arched an eyebrow and gave a slight shrug.
Steve and Natasha shared a look, the redhead arching her eyebrow in silent amusement.
“You sound just like him,” Steve said, hanging his head when he felt tears in his eyes. “He pretty much told me the same thing. He was all I had and I can’t...I can’t do a thing for him.”
Steve watched as the grin on Tony’s face dimmed, catching something flash in his eyes before it was hidden away like so many other things Tony tended to hide. “Right.”
Tony just grinned and sent a smiley face in reply before putting his phone away and entering the backstage area of the performance hall. He had three hours before the performance started. Pepper had already arrived with his suit. He’d insisted on and had been pestering her for weeks to let him add color to his wardrobe and she finally agreed to get him something that would work for him and hopefully Howard as well. The jacket, tie and pants were a dark navy blue, closer to being black. His favorite part was the deep maroon button down shirt he got to wear underneath it. His father, despite his history for never being satisfied, approved of this change. Small miracles.
“But I thought…”
Tony pretended to struggle, smiling at the glare on the kiddo’s face. Finally he decided to get up though. “Run to the kitchen. I’m going to brush my teeth. Don’t try to cook anything yourself. You remember what happened last time you tried to do that right?”
“Dad! This is the best party ever!”
Steve didn’t speak, didn’t dare breathe too loud, instead waiting with baited breath until Tony was ready to clue him in.
“I just wanted to thank you again. For everything.”
His head shot around and he looked a bit confused when he saw the strawberry blonde standing in front of him. “Miss Potts?”
It was quickly followed by a second one.
Steve tensed when he heard footsteps making their way toward him and readied his gun, the noise of the shot would blow his cover but it wasn’t to be helped. Any hand to hand this close to the others would be just as telling.
Clint walked by, clapping Thor on the shoulder. “I think most the women here are enjoying the show. Feel proud.”
“Yeah. I hope you cancelled that.”
“Dinner time.”
“Your life is in danger!”
Tony smiled at him and then looked at his son. “Go on. Get the presents from under the tree and go nuts.”
“Don’t mention it.”
“That was still rude. Sorry,” he mumbled, picking up his drink and tasting it.
Tony waits just a bit longer despite the dampness he can feel through his jeans or the way his own dick is still trapped painfully tight because seeing Steve like this is amazing. When he does turn it off, Steve practically collapses against him, breathing harshly and still shaking.
“It just means...you’re good and you always do the right thing and you’re strong and...well I’m not really…” He was having trouble thinking and maybe he had a few holes in his argument but he felt like it was important for Steve to know that being with Tony would be a grave mistake. He’d let Steve down. Steve would leave. Isn’t that how Tony’s life worked? The morphine was really currently messing with his brain.
“Which part?” Tony asked, a challenge in his eyes.
“Great. I really appreciate it.” He stopped when he was at the bottom of the stairs. “Oh and, Stark? I’ll do more than taser you to death.”
“The Captain, sir. Shall I let him in?”
Next came a playground. A playground of all things. He made Tony sit on the swings with him. The swings! Tony had never been particularly good at swinging and it didn’t take him long to start feeling nauseas. Watching the genie act like a big kid was somewhat endearing to him even if he had no intentions of admitting that.
“Dad, all I ever do is practice! The only times I’m not practicing are when I’m with my band. I play the keyboard so I’m still essentially practicing. I can’t figure out why this is such a huge deal.”
Tony nodded with a grin. “It is.”
Your father and I were never close. Not in the same way that Bucky and I were close. That’s not to say that we were not friends, but to think that he would choose me over you sounds almost ridiculous.
Bucky protested but allowed Steve to pull him away, and it didn’t stop him from glancing back every few seconds to make sure she was still standing there. Steve rolled his eyes.
Tony gave him a genuine smile and there was suddenly a light in his eyes that Steve was getting to see for the first time. Before Steve knew what was happening, he had an armful of Tony Stark and neither of them could honestly say who leaned in for the kiss first. To Steve, this felt like the most natural thing in the world.
Eventually they pulled up to a small house, on a street like any other, surrounded by houses plucked straight out of a catalogue.
Steve let a smile tug the corner of his lips up as he glanced down at his watch. He frowned when he caught sight of the time and shot a regretful look across the table. “We need to go, our time out is limited.” Steve dug in his pocket and pulled out two cards, one for Rhodey and one for Pepper. “Just…” he trailed off, unsure what to say, “be watchful. Tony will be in touch from now on.”
“It’s nothing, dad.”
Tony took a step closer. And then another. He stopped when he was close enough to get a good look at the man who was still floating in midair. If he had inhaled some sort of hallucinatory drug this was the best hallucination he’s ever had. His mind usually didn’t come up with hot, scantily clad male genies.
“Thought so. We can’t change the past. We can’t change anything that’s happened, but we can help each other. Oh my god I sound like my therapist. This is awful.”
Steve chuckled. He could hear the pout and he knew Tony was just as miserable as he was. He began rubbing his hand up and down Tony’s back to try and help the man a little. “Does this help at all, your highness?”
Tony fidgeted. “It’s silly. Christmas traditions are silly. All of it is silly.” He held out his hand for the sweater anyway.
The genius stopped. “Okay.” Steve saw a flash of what he thought might be hurt cross Tony’s face. “Let me know when you’re in the air at least. Yeah?”
“Tony,” he says, breath coming out in harsh pants. He already looks completely wrecked. “Don’t stop,” he begs.
Steve shrugged, “I guess I have to listen to him,” he said, leaning in closer until he could brush his lips just the barest bit against Tony’s, much more relaxed than their first. There was no rush, no imminent danger, nothing but Tony’s arms wrapping around Steve’s waist and Steve’s hands on either side of Tony’s face as they fell into each other, all the time in the world in the palms of their hands.
“My friends—my family. They make me okay with it.” And it was the truth. Without them Steve would have been frozen in time and alone a long time ago.
Before he knew it, it was showtime. He gave Pepper a small smile and she gave him a hug in return. “Knock ‘em dead, Stark.”
Tony hugged him back for a long time.
“You would hear it that way.” He sighed and put both of his hands on Tony’s shoulders. “I love it. I think they’re great. I already said that. You don’t get enough sleep, you hardly eat, and I worry about you. I’d rather see you taking care of yourself than working yourself to death because you think that impressing me is the only way to get me to like you.”
“Happy birthday, Tony Stark,” Tony whispered happily.
“No. Okay I mean, yes, but that’s--I like doing these things.”
“We’re idiots. I keep hearing that, you know.”
Tony shouted out a loud “hey!’ when Rhodey nudged him with his elbow. “Fine. Okay. I made his friend an arm.”
Peter wove in and out of aisles and all throughout the store and Tony had trouble keeping up with him. It was the sounds of “DAD LOOK AT THIS” that helped him locate his son again and again. Tony himself had made his way to the science section, checking out various books just for funsies when Peter came running towards him, plowing into Tony’s legs and panting.
“I bow to your awesomeness. That was definitely worth my time.” He bowed from where he was sitting and grinned.
I’m not Howard. When I met you, you were looking for traces of Howard and instead you got me. The only thing I really share with Howard would be his looks and the whole alcoholic genius thing. So I suppose that’s a big thing. I guess.
Tony glanced back at Steve for just a second before looking at Rhodey. He brought one hand town to touch his thigh until Rhodey put his attention back on him, smiling softly until Rhodey’s mistrustful look dissipated, leaving nothing but unmistakable worry. Tony patted his thigh once more before pulling away, placing his hand back on the table. “Yes and no. A little yes.” Rhodey raised a concerned brow and Tony conceded, spreading his hands flat. “Okay, mostly yes. I’m fine though. Steve—they’re okay. Just—Don’t worry about me. I’m perfectly fine. Better than.”
“Was that any clearer?”
Tony turned his wide eyes toward Steve and his face lit up. “You’re Captain America.”
Steve picked up the Iron Man helmet from the table and gave it a sweet, quick kiss before setting it back down. He smiled at Tony and then laughed at the look on his face.
“Well show me what you’ve got...what’s your last name?” This was dangerous territory.
Tony just grinned and nudged him with his shoulder. “Modesty isn’t one of my virtues.”
Tony was grasping at the hand holding him, his feet kicking out trying to connect with a shin or something. Obadiah just laughed at Tony’s futile attempts. He let go of Tony and laughed more when he fell to the floor, holding onto his neck as he tried to breathe. That was going to hurt for a few days.
Steve took his eyes off the road to shoot a brief look at Tony. “Are you mad?”
The genius stuck his tongue out at Clint. “Hey, bite me, Katniss. This is not my area of expertise. I’d like to see one person actually create a frosting picture that puts all other cookie artists to shame.”
Natasha made an affirmative noise before the noise of her com quieted again. Steve positioned himself next to Bucky, and eyed the short, portly man in sitting behind the desk in front of them. He had his hands folded, almost politely, with an indulgent twisted smile spread over his lips. “Ah, Captain. It is so good to see you. I see you and yours have made great work to plow your way here.”
Tony snorted. “Yeah. I guess. Because having you around just so I can have someone to hang out with is a real hardship for me.”
“Steve?”
The smile on the soldier's face brightened monumentally and maybe Tony would be able to follow that light all the way through the holiday season.
He looked up at the camera he knew Tony was watching him from.
Bucky hit Steve in the head with the well-aimed toss of a crumpled up sheet of paper.
After a long moment of silence in which Tony was sure he could have caught flies in his mouth because of how far his jaw had dropped, he picked up the remnants of what little dignity he had left. “I can give you a list of fifty reasons why I’m the worst person for you to be with.”
Tony winked with a laugh and waved once more as he shut the door.
Neither of them spoke again for a while, taking seats in front of the fire.
The first image he was presented with was Steve wearing a World War II uniform, posing with Howard. Tony swallowed and flicked his wrist to move on to the next. This one depicted Steve in a spangly looking outfit. A very nice, rather form fitting outfit, adorned with a giant star and a shield on his arm. The image after was one of Steve and he assumed it was pre-serum. He was much skinnier, looked sick and according to the file, suffered from various ailments and was rejected by the army on four different occasions. Picture after picture and file after file. He read the entire story of one Steven Grant Rogers who had disappeared in 1945, the same guy who was sitting on his couch and watching movies with him.
“You are quite the speaker there, Clint.”
“I am an old man. I know I was stuck in that bottle for years. I don’t know how long, but past the point of what is considered normal for human life, I think.”
“Nothing!” Steve bellowed. “I barely tapped him! He’s fine!”
“Pepper. Beautiful, brilliant Pepper, you know that I have a good excuse!”
Steve and Natasha both scowled, definitely paying more attention now.
Mister Steve smiled. “So I guess you’ve heard it before?”
“Tony….” Steve still had a hopeful look on his face.
Bruce cringed. “This one is pretty long, sorry. It’s definitely infected.”
“I thought I’d find you here. You haven’t been in your workshop all day. Is something bothering you?”
Steve waved a little and then looked at his phone.
“What?”
Tony swallowed and stared down at the floor. “I was wanting to be wrong. Just this once. And it turns out it’s worse than I realized. Maybe I deserved this, you know. I got lazy, I wasn’t paying enough attention.”
He’d truly believed he’d been doing the world a favor by protecting the good guys from the bad guys. He sighed and massaged his temples. He knew none of this was making sense to Pepper. His sudden change of heart. She trusted him enough to support him though and that made all the difference in the world.
Next was Clint.
“What?”
Clint cleared his throat. “No, your dad did not make it. Someone he knows did, and he let all of us live there. It’s really tall, buddy. You’ll love it.”
Peter knew he was no longer in his car seat when he woke up.
“Better. I think Bucky loves it secretly. He gets to get cuddles, and everything is done for him without having to ask. He’s pretty shy, so this is an ideal situation for him. Peter is just as bubbly as he always is.”
The knot was keeping Tony in place while Steve stroked him so slowly that Tony felt he was going insane. He tried to arch up into it but when he did Steve stopped. “No. You just have to sit. Let me do all the work.” Tony collapse back into Steve, putting his head back against his neck so he could get comfortable.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, you’re changing him, leave his diaper off for a minute, I can get that part of the exam over with quickly so you don’t have to use two diapers.”
“But I don’t want it done here!” Clint burst out. No way was he going to get this horrible exam done in the kitchen. He’d rather not do it at all!
DooDooDooDooDooDoo
“Would you be able to bring some heat snacks in for us? As well as a lot of water, knowing Tony he hasn’t drunk much water at all leading up to this.”
“Okay, I can do that. Hear that Fri? Bold step with you.”
“Traditional? So like he bosses you around and you don’t have a say?” Peter didn’t want that for his Dad. He was the smartest person he knew and some stupid Alpha shouldn’t dictate what he can or can’t say.
“Missed you too sweetheart. Now, why is Mama talking about me minding something?”
Steve sighed when he heard Tony’s whimper. Clint was beginning to look pasty as well. This was no good.
“That still a thing then?” Harley asked lightly as they made their way out.
“Peter, how many times have I told you? No playing with your food. You could choke on it!” Tony scolded the boy.
Peter glared at the seat that his Dad wanted him to sit in.
Bucky felt his diaper moving and looked at his Mama. Why was he moving it already? He only had a change. Did Mama need to see something or was he checking again? Bucky could have just told him he didn’t need a change. He never did because he was a big boy.
Facetime just wasn’t the same.
“What’re the classifications? Why am I a baby?” He pouted, not liking what his Mama was saying. “Why do I keep callin’ you, Mama and Daddy?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony grinned up at Steve and how outraged he was, as he thought he would be. “Don’t worry capsicle, I’m in the middle of making you an account now. Then we can make Peter one, I’ve already gone through the rules with him so it’s going to be as safe as possible.”
“Welcome to the club kid. Literally, everyone, except Uncle Bucky look tiny compared to Papa. Don’t forget to follow your aunts and uncles on it, or they’ll be annoying us.” Tony pointed out. The only people that Peter already followed were him and Steve. That part was not negotiable. “Steve, add Peter’s account as an option on your twitter so you can switch between.”
Tony took a peek at Bucky who was looking miserable in his seat. He also had a pacifier in his mouth a string coming from it that clipped to his t-shirt. That was smart. Tony wouldn’t put it past Bucky to spit it out in frustration and then cry because he wanted it. Too little to realise that his direct actions have consequences. His poor baby was all red-faced, looking back at Tony and giving him puppy dog eyes that could melt the coldest of hearts.
“Clint? Are you sick?” He asked, not understanding. There was a deafening silence while they all waited for Clint to answer. When none was forthcoming Steve cleared his throat, deciding to get to the point straight away.
“No, no sweetheart, you have to stay awake or you won’t sleep tonight.” His Daddy bounced him gently in his arms, which made Peter whine and kick his legs in displeasure. “Less of that now little man, you don’t want to go into time out do you?” He admonished gently, and strangely enough, it brought tears to Peter’s eyes. He didn’t even
“Peter what have we said about using the word like?” Tony sighed. He hated that word.
. He happily put his arms out for his new Daddy for the cookie, no way in heck was he trying to stand again after last time. He was taken up with ease and settled against his chest, snuggling in.
Tony managed a nod while trying to hold back a whine as Steve continued to stroke him into full hardness.
“I’ve never been mean to Peter.”
Nothing could stop the heat coursing through Tony’s body, no matter how much he wanted it to. His body shook with want and there was an ache inside him that needed to be filled. Sweat trickled down his forehead and he groans in frustration, he really didn’t have time for this.
[attached, a photo of Tony smiling softly on a tasteful cream couch, next to Steve who was grinning, an arm thrown over Tony's shoulders as he grinned at the person behind the camera. It was impossible not to see the fondness coming from both of the men.]
Steve slid into the room as they were all watching Peter and Bucky interact. Tony glanced at him, “Wait to keep him settled.” He murmured with a smirk.
“I-I- You think ‘m a big baby!” He wailed again, his tears beginning to flow faster than ever.
“Yes, please. Thank you so much. You won’t regret this!”
“Just want to see what she’s planning on doing. If she wants to work in a diner, awesome. If she wants to work somewhere else, awesome as well.”
“Come on my cock or not at all. You know the rules.” Tony pushed back, sensing that Steve was close and if Steve was close that meant he didn’t have a lot of time.
“Right I’ll just give him a quick check-up, heart, lungs, eyes and all that.”
“I know Papa, love you too. Can we go out and show everyone our costumes now? They’re going to love them!” He bounced excitedly, taking Tony’s hand when he offered it.
“Oh. Harley’s an adult. Why didn’t you just say so?” Peter asked, taking back one of his hands and wiping his damp eyes. Harley being an adult changed everything. Peter never saw him like that but he got it. Adults had more freedoms than kids did. It made sense. “Does Harley hate me now?” He asked, worried that Harley really wouldn’t like him anymore.
He was supposed to go to college and get his PHD’s and work with Mr Stark. Not be a baby and have Mr Stark be his Mama instead.
Tony crossed his arms over his bare chest. “No. I’m not going out there naked. I don’t care that you want me naked at all times. Its. Not. Happening.”
He gave a quick wave to Ned and grabbed his Dad’s arm as he passed, effectively dragging him out of the class and out of the spotlight.
“And Uggs are like super comfy Papa.”
“Okay baby, back into the car seat with you. I think Daddy finally has Bucky settled down so we can get a move on.”
Tony sighed when he heard the question Peter asked every time Harley came to visit.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mama?” He asked, watching placidly as his Dad undid the harness of his seat.
Tony rolled his eyes, “It’s all about uniformity. We’re supposed to be the three bears and if we didn’t look all the same then how would people know?”
“Aunt Nat. Trick or treat.” He said again, putting his bucket out more forcefully, staring back at her with determination in his doe eyes.
“Hey, sweetheart,” Tony said quietly to the boy, not caring that a room of people was watching them. “Excited for this evening?” He felt Peter squeeze him a bit harder and nod. Tony gave him one last squeeze back and kissed his forehead before letting go. Peter then looked around the room, eyes lighting up when they land on Bucky.
Now he was moving to Massachusetts which was so much closer! He was sure his Dad would let him visit way more now! Maybe he could even stay in their house for the summer and winter break.
“Harder,” Steve demanded, and Clint obeyed groaning a little, hips jerking up.
“Yeah, it’s the third time me knotting him, I think it’s taking longer to go down the further Tony gets into his heat. The longer it is the more relaxed he is.”
Steve rolled his eyes. That was Tony for you. Always trying to help people. “Her nametag said, Hannah. Don’t know her last name”
Hey! New chapter! Let me know what you think.
“Hey, baby. Mind if we talk?” Tony asked softly, not wanting up upset him further.
DooDooDooDooDooDoo
Hey! Short chapter I know, I have another commission this week for this one so it should be longer hopefully. I'm visiting my sister so time and wifi are limited! Let me know what you think of this chapter :D
When he demanded he either got corner time or spanked if he was really bold.
“What’s wrong, baby? Did you have a bad dream?” He asked, slightly alarmed with the sobbing little.
“Now they can’t say you’re not my son,” Tony said as they walked towards the school doors, taking Peter’s bag from him and throwing an arm over his shoulder.
“James Stark- Rogers?”
Steve quickly made up a bottle of formula for Bucky, handing it to Tony and took over feeding Peter some applesauce.
Tony looked up when Peter called him. He could feel his kids eyes on him for the past half hour and was wondering when he’d finally ask what he wanted.
“Sure is, kid. She’s just not a caregiver so wasn’t able to adopt you when you were classified. Dada and I did but she’s still very much part of your life Peter. She still lives in Queens and you love seeing her.”
He took off running down the hallway once more, stopping suddenly when he heard Jamie’s cries. He ran back to Mama, not wanting to see Jamie hurt. It sounded like he was hurt. He lifted up his arms to be picked up which Mama did instantly and walked with him out to where Dada was trying to feed Bucky some applesauce and Bucky throwing himself back in his highchair as if Dada were feeding him poison.
Every time they went to arrange it, something came up.
He could see Bucky still fast asleep, right beside him which made him jump the obvious conclusion that he was in some sort of buggy.
“Shh, come on baby. It’s okay, Daddy’s here. Look, what I have, that’s right, your blankey. There we go. You hold that and  work on calming down buddy.”
Cho could see that Bucky was not that exception. He was hairless and the pre-puberty size he should be.
“Clint, I want you to keep your eyes open and look at Tony and Steve. This is part of both of your training so you need to get used to it okay?” Bucky felt Clint nod and looked for Steve to go ahead.
“He sure is, bug, and he made sure to tell me that you better be at the airport with me or else.”
Tony pulled his little boy closer and shushed him as his cries threatened to pick back up again.
“Sorry, Pete. I didn’t mean it that way. Here why don’t you have this chocolate? One of my friends got it for me when they went over to Ireland. I saved a bar for you because it’s so nice. It’s mint. I know how much you love that.”
“Oh I see how it is, one mention of cookies and I'm forgotten about.” He heard his new Mama say. Peter felt bad, he didn’t want him to be upset. Maybe if he got a cookie as well he’d be okay? He wasn’t so sure he’d be able to call Mr Stark Mama out loud though, it would be too embarrassing, and calling him Mr Stark might make them mad, especially if he was in a different world where he was obviously supposed to be a baby? Instead of calling him anything he settled for pointing (even though he knew it was rude and he wasn’t supposed to) and mumbling “Cookie.” Around the sucky thing in his mouth.
He placed Bucky down and slid the harness over him again, sighing in relief when he stayed asleep.
DooDooDooDooDooDoo
“In here Stevie!” Tony heard Bucky call back, letting them know he was in the living room. Tony made to go in but Steve stopped him in his tracks.
Both were still soundly asleep in their seats, Bucky’s face was obscured by the blanket while Peter was happily cuddled up to his Iron Man plushie, it would be a shame to wake them, especially Bucky. He was having the roughest day.
Peter rested his head against his Dad’s chest and listened to his heart while he calmed down. His Dad let him take his time until he was ready to ask his question. Peter stayed there for what was probably longer than necessary until he started to worry that Papa would be home before he would be able to get the question out.
Tony hopped out of the car as soon as it stopped, opening the boot to get out the double buggy they had put there when boys were distracted earlier.
gotten Peter into the car seat and Friday had to open her mouth when Peter touched the harness. Okay, so Tony should have told her to withhold her usual protocols as Peter was just exploring it for what was the first time to him, but really! She was one of the most intuitive AI’s he’d ever created and then she goes and does something incredibly stupid.
“How about you sit in your car seat and show Bucky that it’s okay to sit in it? I don’t he’ll calm down until he sees his big brother sitting nicely. What do you think?”
For some reason when Tony picked him up gently Bucky stayed asleep though, Steve thought it was just a Mama’s touch that kept him that way when he said as much to Tony though all he got was a squawk of indignation.
Steve, Tony, and Harley all knew it was out of jealousy but they didn’t think that Peter knew that.
“Baby, want a baba?” His new Mama asked. That was another thing, why was he so accepting of them being his new parents without even a protest? He looked at Mr Stark and wasn’t able to help it, even though he could see Mr Winter Solider shaking his head sharply at him. His new Mama and Daddy would protect him if Mr Winter Solider was really angry at him.
“It’s been a week, I’ll say that,” Steve said, leaning his head back and resting his eyes. “Both of them are finally back to normal. Peter even asked me to have a nap in my room. I think they’re over being with us all the time.”
They wouldn’t even mind if Peter was being bratty about it because they’d be able to deal with that, it was how heart-broken he seemed whenever Tony told him no or didn’t pay attention to him.
Bucky put the tray down on the dresser glancing over at Steve and Tony. He could see that the knot had reduced a tiny bit even from where he was. “Was it longer than usual?” He asked.
“Great name. All I have to do now is add the profile picture and mute a few things and we’ll be golden.” Tony made quick work of muting all the accounts he could think of and any bad word that he didn’t want Peter to see. He didn’t mind a few coming through but there was no need for him to be exposed to that language all the time.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No!” He nearly screamed, “Love Mama and Dada and Jamie. I loved you in the other world as well. I’m just sad because I’m a baby. And- and I didn’t want to lose Aunt May either.” That had been really bothering him. Where was his aunt? Did she not make it to this timeline?
He pulled brown skinny jeans on and caught the brown long sleeved top that had a lighter brown circle in the middle, his Papa threw him and tugged it on, only needing the slightest bit of help when his hair got caught.
Clint’s mouth went dry. They wanted him to strip. Naked. In front of all of them. This was like all of his nightmares in one. He wanted to follow Bruce’s orders but his body wouldn’t move no matter how much he willed it to. Oh god, he couldn’t do this. It was all getting to be too much. This was happening too quickly if they could just slow down a tiny bit. The panic was setting in and the room was blurring around him. He needed to leave, now. He looked around for a way out but he couldn’t see straight. It was getting harder and harder to breathe, his breaths coming in short gasps until he felt like he was choking on them. He jumped up, not sure what he was going to do but he had to do something- anything- to stop the all-consuming fear that was overcoming him. His ears were ringing, and everything was starting to feel too far away. Instead of trying to stop it like he usually did, he let it happen. It was kind of nice, the floating feeling, like no one, could touch him from here. Peaceful in a way. He could vaguely hear someone calling his name but he wouldn’t have been able to answer them even if he wanted to. He closed his eyes, letting himself float away. This was too difficult. He didn’t want to do it was easier to give into the floaty feeling than to face the three mad Alphas. He felt himself fall but was powerless to stop it. Letting the feeling of despair overcome him.
The lady tapped away on the stark pad in front of her. Now Peter was sure his Mama owned this place. They had his tech here!
“Ironman, ‘m all alone.” He wailed, sitting down on the ground. He didn’t want to be big if he was going to be alone. He was so lost in his upset that he didn’t see Tony and Steve rushing into the living room from the kitchen.
“Noooo!” He whined, clutching with all his might to Mama. He couldn’t be left with these people. Sure he knew them in the other world, but the only kind of and not enough to be left vulnerable with them. Mr Stark was his only constant between the two worlds and he was not about to leave the safety of those arms. This world was pretty scary, especially because he seemed to be going in between being fine with it and being freaked out by it. He put his face into his new favourite place, his Mama’s neck and started to cry, unable to help the fear that was overtaking everything else.
So lost in his own thoughts he didn’t even realise that Bruce was taking blood from his arm until he felt the pressure of the needle leaving his skin. He looked at his arm in shock, a plaster covering the small area to stop the blood. How did he not notice that? He craned his neck to look at Bucky, confused but Bucky just laughed.
“Because I promised Harley I wouldn’t take a driver to collect him.”
Peter didn’t take into account the comfort he would get from being held while he was bottle fed and found himself losing the battle against sleep. He was more drinking out of comfort than anything else when he was coming to the end of the bottle, he whined when he felt it being removed and he was shuffled around until his head was resting on his Mama’s shoulder. He wiggled unhappily when a light patting started on his back, jumping slightly when a big burp came out.
“Don’t be rude.” He said in the same tone he’d used with Peter when he was kicking. Bucky blushed red in embarrassment and nodded quickly. The swat was more attention-getting than anything but strangely enough, Bucky felt near tears at it. It did help when the arm he’d taken from his shoulders to swat him with came back around him. There was always a feeling of safety when Steve hugged you like that. He felt his face burning hotter when he saw Tony looking at him like he looked at Peter when he was being cute.
(See the end of the chapter for
Clint and Steve both cringed at the threat and Clint found it interesting that Steve didn’t give out to him over the threat. Tony must be able to get away with some things.
Tony hummed, still rocking him as Bucky sniffled into his neck. “Can you get me a bottle for him? Maybe he doesn’t want to eat. I’m sure Peter would like applesauce.”
Bucky grinned at Steve over Tony’s head before turning his attention back to him.
“That’s fine Bucky and where do you sleep when you’re at home?”
Peter was not impressed. Why would they only pack jammies instead of another change of clothes? Why would they even pack clothes in the first place? It wasn’t like Peter had forgotten how to feed himself. Or did he? He wasn’t sure of anything anymore. This new world was messing with his head. All he wanted was to go to sleep and wake up back in Queens with Aunt May.
“Well, being in a traditional household you’ll be going into chastity. It’s something all young Omegas should be in and will help you when you have your own Alpha. You will have a curfew and bedtime to abide by that your Dad and I will be speaking about that today. You’ll have dinner with us every evening so no skipping out on meals. You will be getting spanked if you disobey. Then there are your usual rules that your Dad already has in place for you. Your Dad has said that you tend to crawl into his bed at night. That doesn’t have to stop, you can always come into the bedroom whenever you want. Just be sure to know that we might be naked. It shouldn’t bother you though because it’s all-natural. We won’t be doing anything traumatising with you in the room.”
Peter shook his head, still not looking up at Steve.
It was no such luck for Tony though. Steve pulled him back raising a brow at him, “Come again?”
Unbuttoning his vest was easy, all he had to do was yank at it and the buttons flew open. He couldn’t find any underwear around so instead, he tore off the wet diaper, letting it fall with a thunk and leaving it where it was. No way was he touching a wet diaper, Yuk!
“There is one good thing that came of it. Bucky and Peter are more comfortable in their roles of being littles, at least. Before they got sick, both of them were fighting tooth and nail. Being sick seems to have secured them into it. Saves a lot of hassle, really.” Tony took another sip of his coffee, enjoying the bitter taste.
“Ever the businessman, always finding a loophole. Yes, if I allow you to use the replica then you can come as much as you want on that as well. Now let’s go see Clint and Bucky.”
“Is Tony okay?” He asked, looking Tony over. There didn’t seem to be anything wrong with him. He was constantly squirming on Steve’s lap as he milked his cock. He could still see the sheen of slick on the dildo that was on the chair beside Steve so he was just off it. He glanced at Tony’s cock that was hard and flushed but didn’t look to be overly red.
“Sure does. We’ll just get the confirmation and then go get some food before heading home I’d say the little guys are going to be hungry and tired soon.”
Tony picked up the sobbing little, rocking and shushing him, knowing that they were on limited time before there was an accident. He felt for Peter, really he did. He just found himself in a new world and had no idea how to deal with his little emotions. It took Tony and Steve a while to adjust as well and they got to keep their core traits. Poor Peter was struggling with his little and big self.
Tony blinked and blinked again, unable to comprehend what his son was trying to say. Twitter? Peter? His innocent little boy on the evil platform of twitter? Tony had to bite back his natural response of over his dead body. Peter was looking at him with pleading eyes so Tony would hear him out before making the decision.
“I think we can do that. What a considerate little boy we have.” His new Daddy said.
Fuelled with that information behind him he decided to let his Mama know that there was no way he was sitting in that.
“Of course I am. If you come to Stark tower tomorrow, Pepper’s assistant will set you up on the system and you can start in the next month. That should give you time to sort out your affairs here.”
It would be a lot easier for them to be wheeled in instead of carrying the two squirmy littles.
Bucky pointed over to Peter who waved back. “There’s Petey. Big Brother.” He said decidedly.
Peter felt like groaning, no doubt his Dad was going to mute anything remotely funny on it. “Okay but Mama, you can’t mute the word meme. That’s the only word or account you can’t mute, please. Also, I didn’t know you and Papa had a twitter?” He asked he’d never even seen the hint of Twitter on either of their devices.”
Clint nodded and without another word left to do as he was asked, giving Steve a moment to think that Clint was more suited to being an Omega than an Alpha. That was something to look into later, right now he had an Omega to sort out.
“No baby. Why would you think that? You know Mama loves you more than anything in the world.”
“Okay, Clint. I’m just going to check a few things. Can you open your mouth please?”  Clint did as asked, earning an approving grunt from Bucky. Bruce ran a gloved hand over his teeth and gums, testing the incisors and putting pressure on them to bring them out and testing their strength only letting go when he was happy with how they felt.
“Yes, he’s in Steve’s arms. It’s one of those hiding who they are. He’s crashing at the moment, you know how it is.” Tony smiled at the woman who luckily caught on.
“I’m not cleaning it if they do.”
The brunet shrugged. “Why not? Just don’t get us killed like one. I promise you neither of us will make a miraculous return from death. We aren’t that lucky.”
And then it was over, people were cheering and standing up and either trying to leave or get the attention of the lead vocal, the drummer, the bass player. His eyes sought out that keyboardist though, but his search was cut short when he felt a tap on his shoulder and turned to see Sharon letting him know she was leaving.
The brunet nodded. “That’s good. Right?”
Tony blinked, then blinked again. “Uh…I don’t…you guys can’t just—“
“Why do you need...you’re…” he scratched his head and really looked at Tony. “Anthony Stark. As in world renowned piano prodigy Anthony Stark?”
Steve squeezed his eyes shut and pinched the bridge of his nose, bone deep exhaustion hitting him head on. “Even so, we had a plan and all you did was risk it and risk the safety of everyone else when you got caught. Do you even care?”
Steve almost shouted, took a step toward the other man before halting his steps before he could reach him and do something irrational. “It’s true. Whether you believe it or not. We infiltrated your company and the warehouse you were held captive in despite the danger—“
When Tony finally did get there, his mouth dropped open in silent awe. There was no shock that he was the subject of the drawing, but the emotions that seemed to be put behind it made his heart flutter. He realized that Steve already knew, and that it didn’t matter if he wasn’t able to vocalize it.
“Right, well there’s that. Just Red Skull. This was not one of my better plans, you know. Wish me luck.”
“No thanks, Captain,” Tony responded. “I think I got this. Unless you’re talking about lending a hand in a very different and specific kind of way,” he added with a leer.
Steve raised a single brow. “What makes you think that I don’t”
The elevator doors open and Tony stepped in, turning in time to see Steve smiling at him and he blew the soldier a quick kiss, making sure Clint got a nice view of their mushy love. Steve, oh he has learned so well, reached up in the air and grabbed the invisible kiss, placing it in his front pocket and side-eyed Clint as he spoke to his boyfriend. “I’m saving this for later tonight.” He couldn’t help but blush when he said it and Tony chuckled. Clint covered his face in horror and cursed Tony to the deepest depths of hell for corrupting Steve so badly.
“The message being that I will always make time for you if you ask for it.”
Steve had been in surgery for awhile. The super soldier serum he’d been infused with was working as fast as it should have been but it was healing the wounds over the bullets that the doctors were trying to remove quickly. He hadn’t been allowed to go into the room with Steve for a long time so he paced. Pepper reminded him that he probably should have stayed in his own hospital room a little while longer all things considered.
“Wait.” He stepped from the elevator again and grabbed Tony’s face, kissing him roughly, a kiss of promises that he fully intended to keep. All too soon it was over though. “I’ll be back. You know I will.”
Bucky looked at Steve and glared, a ‘don’t you dare laugh’ unspoken between them.
“I know,” Tony replied with a sigh.
“Both, I imagine," Bruce answered. “But, I need to clean these so they don’t get infected.”
The genius' voice was dripping with venom. “Take him down.”
“Sometimes when I go to sleep at night, I’m back at the train, watching Bucky fall off. But sometimes it’s you or Natasha or Clint or anyone else I care about. And you all have the same fate as Bucky. All of you. I can’t do anything to save you from that.”
“Sure. How does coming over for Christmas sound?”
“Are you terrorizing your kitchen appliances now?”
“That’s--you just looked completely...at home while playing. It stuck with me because you don’t really see that much passion from people even when they are doing something they love.”
Tony smiled without looking up. “Hey there, Cap. How are you feeling?”
“I’m comfortable right here. You get it.”
“Yeah but are you telling me that you can’t even help us with the clean up after a battle?”
“I’m pretty sure spoiling your niece or nephew is part of the job description for an aunt.”
When Bruce was done with the last bandage he turned around and faced Steve, a worried frown evident even under the angry furrow of his brow. “He’s concussed. I had to stitch up his forehead—again. I’ve done the best I can to disinfect all the open wounds and splint his fingers. No identifiable internal bleeding, but his lower ribs appear to be bruised though surprisingly not broken. Uh—“ Bruce rubbed a hand roughly down his face and waved his other hand. “He’s probably in shock, his body just shut down to cope with the injuries. He should be monitored while he rests. I gave him a shot of morphine so he’ll be out for awhile.” Bruce looked down at Tony’s slack face and smiled small and tinged with pity. “He’s not overly fond of being medicated, but—well, he’ll live.”
He cleared his throat and patted Tony’s suit before lifting his hands. “Just so you guys know, we wouldn’t be able to be here doing this every time another psycho attacks the city if it wasn’t for the donations from the Maria Stark Foundation and Stark Industries. They are backing this project entirely.”
He got the feeling that the interest he had in Steve was mutual and he was extremely motivated to make it work. Tony deserved it. He thought he did at least. He worked hard and he didn’t give himself a lot of free time. Okay correction. Pepper didn’t include much free time in his schedule, which involved a lot of travel as well as a lot of not sleeping. His coffee addiction was going to end up becoming problematic at the rate he was going now. Usually he didn’t mind the non-stop travel unless it included flying halfway across the world for a few days and then flying back. The jet lag was hell and he rarely got time to make up for the difference. He’d never bothered adapting to a normal sleep schedule because of it.
“JARVIS let me in,” Steve simply replied, wrestling the ball out of Nuts-N-Bolts clamps.
Tony shook his head, kept his eyes firmly on Obie’s face. Tried to remember a smile that wasn’t twisted and cruel but loving and patient.
Tony tugged at a piece of Sam’s vest just a little too hard before turning on his heel and walking back toward the box he’d carried all the garments in. “This is a business deal, Captain. Let’s not pretend it’s anything more than that.”
Steve threw his napkin at Bucky. “You’re the worst.”
Tony’s head whipped around. “Brucie bear?”
“It’s nice to meet you too, ma’am. Hopefully you weren’t told any of the bad things.”
Tony laughed, a crazy thing, and took the stairs three at a time, “You rock, JARVIS!” He pushed open the stairwell exit, leading back into the lobby. “Come ON, Steve. Move it!”
Steve didn’t say anything for awhile. “The future. The present.”
Tony offered an apologetic look before pulling Steve from the bathroom with him. Pepper was holding a garment bag that she told Tony he was to change into after the plane was in the air. Then she turned once more and this time Tony followed, not letting go of Steve’s hand.
As luck would have it though, Tony’s patience ran out by the end of week three. Steve was so focused on his run that it took him awhile to notice the car that seemed to be driving alongside him while he ran. When he did, he stopped and looked down at the driver, eyes going wide.
The redhead remained unfazed. "Do you really care about him or is this just a fling?"
“I took your bike. Don’t worry, I’ll fix it.”
“Stop! No! Don’t! Obie, don’t…”
The others just snorted and Steve nudged Bucky with his elbow, smiling. “You have a real way with words, Buck.”
Steve didn’t hear from Tony for four days. Maybe Tony had given up. He couldn’t possibly have hurt the man’s feelings. Right?
Steve laughed a little at that, but it sounded like it was forced and then the soldier grabbed his hand and rubbed circles over the back of it with his thumb. “Yeah it does.”
Steve grabbed Tony by the waist and pulled him flush against his body again. “You really can’t wait can you?” He said smiling as he leaned down and pressed a kiss to Tony’s lips.
It was the sort of mind numbing task Steve needed to calm himself as much as possible, punctuated at brief intervals by Tony waking up, taking meds and then falling back asleep and Bruce coming in and forcing him to go take care of himself while he checked on Tony.
“You have your friends and I have mine. It just so happens that mine are better and yours hate your guts. HYDRA, Stane? Really? Did you ever think that would end well for you?”
Steve shrugged. “I don’t know. I guess not. He hasn’t looked at any of my art in awhile.”
“Hey, you’re the one who wanted to lighten the place up a bit, what’s lighter than a little good humored pranking?”
Peter dove right on in and Steve pulled some presents from his own bag, handing one to Tony and about five were for Peter.
“Update!” Steve barked into his comm. If he couldn’t find Tony, he’d at least check in on the rest of his men. The one’s that listened to him for the most part.
Tony took a bite of his burger and chewed slowly, staring at Steve with a confused expression. “No. Tell me.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “You have a stunning way with words.”
“You know, Artificial Intelligence?” Tony waved his hand, “Bruce knows who I’m talking about. He’s the genius inside the coding.”
“None of this is making sense to me.”
He was about to give up all hope on finding a cab and just running for it when one finally did stop for him. He climbed in as fast as he could and handed the driver the flyer. “Take me to this address as fast as you possibly can.”
Rhodey looked a bit puzzled by Steve’s reaction but shook his hand with his own smile.
Steve huffed a breath that sounded a little too much like a laugh for his tastes. “You know, it’s gotten to the point where it wouldn’t surprise me if that's what he was actually made for.”
And in that moment Obadiah was no longer on him. He was tossed onto the work table, messing up all of Tony’s current progress. On the plus side, he did seem to be in pain. And he could see Steve. He could see him pulling the gun from his hand. He could see Steve throwing Obadiah to the ground. He could see Steve pointing the gun at the man, but he didn’t shoot. He wasn’t going to shoot him. He could see the desire there, but he couldn’t. Captain America wasn’t that kind of guy. It didn’t stop him from pistol whipping the older man into unconsciousness though. He grabbed some coiled wire and threw the man onto his stomach before quickly and tightly tying his hands together. And when all was finished he was rushing over to Tony, holding onto his side where he’d been shot. Steve was there and he was kneeling in front of Tony, checking to see if his heart was still beating, brushing his hair from his face.
He needed to put Afghanistan out of his mind for now. He wasn’t ready to share that full story yet. What he’d told Pepper was vague and didn’t cover even a portion of the things he’d witnessed first hand. He hadn’t been gone very long. It was only a two week business trip, but it had taken an unexpected turn and it felt like a lifetime ago.
*****
“Most wouldn’t have done it for free.”
Steve pinched Tony on the arm as he made his way to his seat across the table from the three.
“You know, I’m definitely okay with this.”
“Come again?" Natasha asked, a smile softly lighting up her face.
Tony watched his lover from a table several feet away. The way Steve lounged against the bar, his ass looked like it was waiting to be bitten and the muscles on his arms stood out like a beacon to anyone at the club trolling for fresh meat. He was easily the most beautiful person Tony had ever had the fortune of laying eyes on. He also had a thing for how adventurous Steve was, and well, the soldier was not disappointing him tonight in the least. He thumbed the small remote in his blazer pocket, not turning it on yet, but reminding himself it was still there.
Wait, why was he asking? He didn’t actually care. Right?
“Uh…”
“I don’t know how many times I have to say that I’m not that kind of doctor.”
“No. Of course not. But I’m just starting to realize how very little I really did know about you.”
“I asked myself the same thing but I didn’t, Pepper!” He looked over at the genie who was now scowling as he was still trying to get the hang of chopsticks and grinned. Steve’s tongue was poked out and he had a look of pure determination on his face but when he caught Tony watching him he stopped and smiled back. Tony shot him a wink and the blond blushed.
Steve pressed his lips to Tony’s again but didn’t kiss, instead whispering against his mouth. “I’m trying to fuck you actually, but I don’t want to hurt you.”
Steve’s brows furrowed. “Why isn’t Tony with her?”
Guilt. That’s what the look was. Steve gave him a sad smile. “You were injured a couple of days ago.”
*****
Steve’s face returned to its previous smile as he threw one towards Clint. Thor eagerly raised his hand next.
Tony lifted an eyebrow in amusement as he watched the kid slowly pull himself up from the ground and dropped his hand. “I’m sure you can, but it doesn’t hurt to get some help anyway. I’m Tony Stark.”
Steve just rolled his eyes. “I love you, you conceited bastard.”
Yep. Definitely there.
That caused Tony to stand up quickly and glare down at Steve. “My life is always in danger!”
So they had not taken the absence of a human Jarvis into consideration until Tony had asked if they could bring him to the tower too. The AI version had caused him to jump upon first hearing it speak and Tony was wondering why the AI sounded like the butler. Steve was pretty annoyed with Fury for forcing them to try and answer all of these questions for Tony. No one wanted to have these conversations with a five-year-old, and everyone was apparently looking to Steve to answer these questions. It wasn’t helping that Tony had practically glued himself to Steve’s side, and Steve did not mind, but he had no idea what to do either. They knew they needed to come up with some answers fast, but in the meantime chose to focus on distracting the child.
Pepper and Tony turned their attention to Steve. They’d forgotten he was there and hearing everything they were saying.
Steve did reward him with a tiny grin. “What are you sayin’?”
Steve searched his brain for what to say. “Of course you can come, but...well, we can’t take you to your parents. We’re going to Stark Tower though. Do you want to see it?”
Tony raised his gun again, pointed it right between Obie’s eyes. “We’re going to talk.”
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “Yeah right. If you think you’re getting out of that lecture once this is all said and done, then you have another thing coming.” Rhodey held up his hand when Tony moved to interject. “Ah ah, later. Now, tell us how we can help end this as soon as possible.”
“It’s not--I don’t really know him all that well. It’s not that. I barely know him.”
“Well that’s not intentionally vague are anything.”
Steve grinned. “As you wish.” He pulled his fingers out and Tony moaned sadly at the loss, but Steve quickly rolled the condom down his own cock, and letting it rest against Tony’s hole. He leaned down to kiss Tony just as he began to push his way in slowly. One of Tony’s hands cupped Steve’s neck, pulling him down for a harder kiss. Once Steve was all the way in, he stopped, pulling away from Tony’s lips to pant against his neck.
When they were finished, Tony turned Nuts-N-Bolts back on with a flourish of his hands over his keyboard and they both watched as the bot whirred back to life, chirping insistently at them both. Steve tapped his foot against the floor before grinning. “We should use him to wake up Barton. He always did hate that horse head scene from the Godfather--we should do a little re enactment.”
Steve studied Thor’s face for a moment and muttered. “I guess so.”
Bucky shrugged, unconcerned with the comparison.
“Tony, it doesn’t count if you pay someone else to do it for you.”
“Yeah. He lost his arm, so I made him a new one. It’s actually pretty kick ass.”
With a satisfied smirk he dropped the blankets at Steve’s feet. "Mission accomplished. Anything else you feel like ordering me to do, Captain?”
“You’re going to be fun. I can already tell.”
The genius continued to show off by lifting both pieces and lifting up from the ground. Steve watched with a smile and laughed. He wasn’t sure if Tony would show up and he thought maybe he’d been a little too hard on the billionaire.
Steve clenched his fist at his side. “And did you?”
Steve shifted up slightly, removing both fingers slowly, grinning as Tony bit his lip to keep from calling out again. He tore open the packet with his teeth, a sight that always caused Tony to only become more wanton and then he was sliding it over his dick, keeping his eyes closed as he did so, and giving himself a few slow pumps.
Steve had no idea how to respond to that. “Oh. I didn’t know he knew I’d gotten in.”
“The look on your face will make people party less and cry harder. You look like someone kicked your puppy. It’s awful.”
“Around the bend, first doorway on your left. You’ll find him there.”
All the way home and all the way through Bruce patching Tony up, Steve hovered close by, watching closely, fists clenching at his sides each time Tony’s smooth face would wrinkle in discomfort.
Was he dreaming? This had never happened to him before, he had nothing to base this sort of interaction on and was unsure if smashing the thing was an overreaction or not.
“Pepper looks pretty damn amazing for someone who has had to put up with Tony Stark for over a decade, that’s for damn sure.” Clint chuckled as he stabbed his shovel into the debris around him.
“I already liked you, Tony. You were a good kid. You’re a good person now. And also, I’m sure your dad liked you a lot, loved you too, but I’m not--you don’t need to be like me, you never have. I know you know this now. Howard was an idiot for leaving you all the time, for making you feel like the things you did were never good enough, and I’m sorry that you had to think that becoming like me would make him like you better. You’re really swell the way you are.”
Howard gave no indication that he heard Tony either time. He just continued to stare at Steve.
“You’re right. You are stupid.” At Steve’s hurt look, he held up his hand. “But so am I. Honestly, I thought with all those muscles and whatnot that you wouldn’t need me anymore. That you wouldn’t want my help. That you’d go away. I can’t pretend that I know how relationships are supposed to work. I’ve always, more or less, made it up as I went. If we’re being truthful though, I’d be an idiot not to tell you that I’ve been secretly pining for you as Pepper likes to say. I don’t know why I was so scared to tell you that, but it sucks to know that we’ve seriously wasted this much time keeping it a secret.”
His brow furrowed when he saw it was a bottle of milk. How was that supposed to be better than pancakes? When Jamie looked at him though he nodded in agreement with his Papa. Jamie must be too little for them. That was okay though, all it meant was that there was more for Peter.
Natasha poked her head into the living room, “Lunch’s ready.” She said before disappearing back behind the door.
He curled his toes into the carpet, looking at them. He was barefoot but no way was he trying to put on socks. He didn’t have it in him to take that battle on. Now time to walk out and let Mama and Dada know that he was a big boy. They had to believe him. He did just dress himself, he had no diaper on, and he got out of his crib without any help at all! How much bigger could you get?
That was a relief. He was glad he hadn’t lost Aunt May. “So I have to wear a diaper?” He asked again, wanting to make sure it was necessary.
Steve’s grin was almost wolfish. “I said he’d get to come by my hand as a sorry and he did. I never said what I’d do after that. My Omega needs to be hard at all times for his Alpha, I’m just helping him so he doesn’t disobey one of my orders. I’m good like that.”
Peter watched the two hugging and got a horrible feeling in his tummy. Why was his Dad cuddling with Harley so long? Did he not like Peter’s cuddles? Maybe after Harley was finished with his extremely long hug Peter could cuddle into his side (in between Harley and Dad) while they walked back out to the car. Peter noticed someone taking a photo of him and stuck his tongue out at them, gaining a laugh in response. He really hoped that they didn’t post that anywhere.
“Tony you usually don’t care what others think, so why is this bothering you so much? Everyone will know anyway that you’ve been claimed by me. Does it matter if they see an extra symbol of that? I’m just using it to protect you. You know how many Alpha’s ignore claiming bites. They won’t be able to ignore the collar though.” Steve nuzzled the top of Tony’s head, trying to calm the agitated omega down. “If you really don’t want to though, I won’t force you.”
The diner went completely silent when they came in. Tony supposed he couldn’t blame them. It wasn’t every day Ironman and Captain America with two babies on their hips.
Clint stilled even as Steve kept on with Tony.
“What’s up Steve?” asked Bucky, taking a seat beside Clint. Clint tensed up when he sat beside him, aware of what was coming and dreading it. Bruce just looked quizzically at Steve, wondering why he’d need him and Bucky, unless?
“Sorry Mama, but I got it the first time!” He grinned proudly up at Tony. Tony just rolled his eyes at the teen, jerking his head towards the door.
“’m big,” Peter stated. Just to make sure they were both on the same page.
Peter nodded, wiping at his tears a bit to try and stem the flow. “Uh-huh.”
Pepper rolled her eyes before setting him on fire with a glare that he knew meant he was in huge trouble. Maybe he’d be better off dealing with Captain America first.
Steve gave him a small smile and a short wave. “Hey.”
Three days later Steve found himself sitting at the kitchen table, his lunch in one hand and a newspaper in the other. He was used to the others giving him a hard time because he still enjoyed the feel of paper between his hands over that of the admittedly impressive tablets all the others sported. Also, you couldn’t trace what someone found in the newspaper like you could so easily from a person’s internet search history. Yes, he knew he was a paranoid fucker, but he didn’t particularly feel like risking too much of his organization by becoming reliant on electronic devices that were more likely to be tapped into by outside parties. And maybe, just maybe, might have a thing for the New York times crosswords puzzles found at the back. It wasn’t a big deal.
“It’s handled. Take care of Tony. If he looks bad, leave without us. We’ll find our way back.”
“Yeah. Someone’s totally puking in that castle soon.”
Standing on the tips of his toes, he leaned into Steve and bit his earlobe as his hand slid down down down, his hand tugging at the zipper of Steve’s pants and pulling it down. Next came the button, which he undid with a pop before pushing the fabric away and reaching for the blond’s already hard cock.
Tony shrugged. “I mean not that long. Just a few…”
Bucky shook his head. “No Stark.” Steve shut his eyes for a moment and breathed deeply. “I took out a few on my way here. It doesn’t seem like they’ve opened up to testing again just yet. Cells are empty as far as I can tell. One looks like it could have been inhabited recently but there’s nobody there now.”
Tony pointed at Steve. “Way to make me look like a liar.”
“Just…” The look on her face broke slightly and he knew he’d scared her more than anything. Again. He hated himself a little more each time he did that. “Be careful, Tony. You know that I worry about you.”
Tony gritted his teeth. “I. Need. Your. Help.” When he was met with silence his shoulders slumped. “Look. I had absolutely no one else to go to. You are my last resort.”
All in all, this was by far the best Thanksgiving Tony had ever had.
Steve let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. “Tony.”
Steve used his hand to guide his cock to Tony’s hole, his mouth finding that spot just under Tony’s jaw that always made him crazy, this time allowing himself to mark that part of the genius’ face as he slowly pushed his way inside Tony. He found himself stopping rather quickly when he realized how close to orgasm he already was. Tony just carded his fingers through Steve’s hair as the blond struggled to hold himself together before finally but slowly, pushing in the rest of the way.
“Still alive,” several voices called out all at once. Steve nodded even though nobody was around to see it.
“FRIEND TONY! WE ARE PREPARING TO DO BATTLE IN A GAME CALLED MONOPOLY. WOULD YOU CARE TO JOIN US?”
“You just let me say those things to you and you didn’t even stop me.”
Bruce pulled off his glasses, cleaning them with the hem of his shirt. “Tony, Nat and Clint have been in place for days with no high alert. They’d rather finish a mission right than on time. They’ll get here soon.”
“Do you want me to…”
“This was me making my intentions perfectly clear. Are they clear enough for you now?” Tony was giving Steve a challenging grin.
Tony, who’d been lounging on the couch in the common room with an old book, jumped up from his spot quickly and set the book down, sharing a wide smile with the family butler. “Thanks, Jarvis!”
“It’s not your fault that you didn’t notice.”
“You’re forgiven. That was always a given though. We’re all pretty fucked up, but I guess that’s what makes us work yeah?”
“Because you were duped, just like everyone else! And I’m not saying that out of anger or any sort of hurt pride on my part, but you were led to believe that was me over and over. That thing knew everything about me when he took my form.”
Steve sighed but held up his hands because he was going to fight for his right to stay sitting.
“Well at least you aren’t shy about accepting compliments.”
“So it has to be you then, dad!” Peter said with a triumphant grin.
“I’m holding you to that. Be ready, if you know what I mean.”
Tony pursed his lips in thought. “What about that right there? Shouldn’t that be Y subscript theta over A? Not B?”
“How do you mean, sir?”
Some people mistook his general kindness for mercy, for weakness, and thought they could evade him when it came time to pay up what was owed to him. He hated when they did that, hated having his hand forced. Chasing them down was time consuming and tiresome, and while Natasha and Bucky were very good at making people understand the situation they were in using minimal force, there were always the odd ones in the bunch who tried again and again to pull one over on Steve to the point where he couldn’t turn back, couldn’t let them slide anymore lest he began to look weak willed.
A part of me wishes I could go back and give Howard a piece of my mind, but you wouldn’t be the man you are today, and that’s the man I care for the most. If Howard was truly as magnificent as everyone believed, then there’s no doubt in my mind he would have picked you over me, if such an idea ever came up. I’d have picked you over me. Hands down.
Steve grinned. “Great. I’ll put my number into your phone.”
“Nah. I just thought I’d wait for you before starting another.”
He’d found himself wondering if Tony had given up on him.
“I bet I could sit in your lap and fuck myself on your cock right now while all these people danced.”
Tony sunk into his seat. “Look. I know you went out on a limb for me today by doing this, and,” he scratched at the back of his head, “I know you didn’t have to do it, but you did anyway and that makes all the difference, so….thank you.”
"Stark."
This time it’s Steve who’s smirking as Tony finds himself becoming an incoherent mess. Steve’s fingers tightening slightly as his fist slides up to the head and loosens as they sink back down. Tony could barely hold himself up any longer and let his head fall onto Steve’s neck, panting and groaning into it. He knew he wasn’t going to last much longer, especially when his own hip started to thrust back and forth, adding to the mounting pleasure Steve’s thick fingers were giving him. He’s boneless now, and shivering in pleasure, and there’s no way he’ll last. And god it's so good.
“You didn’t tell him?”
Rhodey huffed a laugh at Tony’s indignant cry. Tony flipped his best friend off while idly rubbing his arm at the abused spot.
There was a banging noise on the door. “Tony! You’re going to miss your flight!”
“J, you got this? I’m going to check on the Dreamy Genie.”
Neither of them was wasting much time on foreplay. Steve’s hand cupped Tony’s erection, massaging with the bottom of his palm and turning Tony into a panting mess. The brunet broke the kiss long enough just to speak one word.
“Plane crashed. Woke up on Gilligan’s Island, sadly without Ginger. I was defeated by a hammock and tripped over Steve the next day.” Tony made it sound so simple.
Steve was silent for a moment and then he smiled and held out his hand to Rhodey. “I’m hearing you loud and clear, Colonel. Thanks.”
“Why?”
Steve gave the god a small grin and shrugged.
Steve rolled his eyes playfully and kissed Tony again.
“It’d almost be worth it if it offered me just a little peace and quiet out of you for the rest of the night.”
Steve fiddled with the device, twisting it between his fingers. “This is a sonic taser. Hence the ear plugs.”
Steve returned to the tower, exhausted physically and emotionally and without hide nor hair of Bucky. He thought he was going to be successful this time, and he had found his old friend. The shell of his old friend. He ended up having a fairly one-sided conversation with the brainwashed assassin. It had not gone as well as he would have liked.
Steve ran a hand through his hair, eyes scanning restlessly. “Yeah. Yeah, I know.”
“You didn’t have to...”
Pepper quickly stood and put her hands on her hips. “Tony Stark, you assured me that you weren’t on drugs!”
“Umm why? Did you miss the part where the bed is probably infested with something icky? That didn’t exclude blankets.”
“Well, we do have wedding plans to finalize,” he finally said.
“J.A.R.V.I.S., save and power down. I’ll be back later.”
And then Steve’s frowny face was back. “Why not?”
Steve fell too hard too fast. Way too fast. Fast as in “this only happens in the movies” fast. Tony had admitted to being worried about that because things were good and he was waiting for the other shoe to drop. Steve told him he was crazy to worry about it, but apparently he had been wrong about that. So here he was moping like a child rather than being an adult, being the bigger person and calling Tony first. He should take initiative, but he was being a coward. And he knew it. Things could get much worse. There was a chance of them getting better, but there was also the chance that nothing would change and they’d still not be speaking to each other.
And then he felt bad.
The genius wasn’t listening though. His head was down and his arms were wrapped around it.
Tony’s glad he picked the dark spot to dance because Steve isn’t holding it together as well as he was wanting to. The genius was proud though. He rocks his hips a bit harder, adding the pressure against Steve’s cock he knows the blond is seeking and it isn’t long before the soldier is practically shaking in his arms, high on the sensations, a fine sheen of sweat covering his body that leaves his shirt clinging to his muscles in all the right places.
“You say the most romantic things, Rogers.”
Tony did, eyes burning with rage beyond that of which Steve had thought the younger man capable of. “Do it.”
“I’m not smart like you, Tony. I don’t know what happened, but you changed. And so did I. And I think maybe we aren’t cut out to be friends forever.”
“It doesn’t? You said something and you didn’t mean it.”
Steve shrugged half heartedly. “I just want to make sure he’s going to be safe to have around.”
“You’re going to be there even if I have to drag your butt out there with the rest of us.”
Steve scrambled toward the servers while patting his vest for the handheld EMP it carried. If he couldn’t clean the virus out he could at least shut the system down until someone else had the chance to do it. Steve yanked at the paneling, trying to find the right spot so send out the pulse when he felt a firm grip on his back, yanking him down to the ground and away from his work.
When Steve said no, Tony had began shouting, arguing himself hoarse as he hurtled accusations off at Steve until Steve had found himself out of his seat, shouting right back at Tony until the other man had thrown his hands up in the air and stormed out of the room with a slam that rattled the bookshelves.
Steve didn’t want to know what that meant. Luckily Tony arrived at the door just a moment later, obviously nervous. “Come in. Sorry that these heathens didn’t think to do so.”
“You know he does, Steve. He cares more than you probably realize, but that’s always been the problem with the two of you.”
The super soldier’s eyebrows shot to the top of his head. “What? Got what bad?”
“Us.” No point in beating around the bush. “Do you think I’m going to mess everything up?”
The blond looked up and gave his best friend a small smile. “Are we going on now?”
“You’re a monster, Rogers.”
Tony smiled. “Nice to meet you, Steve Rogers.”
“What? No. I can play just fine tonight. Why are you so desperate to get me out of here?”
“You’re a dork.”
A spike of anxiety had him shooting up until he was sat ramrod straight in bed. He needed a distraction, that was it. He was good at finding those. Well, he was good at finding them when he was in his own home. He wasn’t sure what this place had to offer, nor was he sure if the good Captain would allow him to take a personal tour of the place. Considering that he had agreed to help them as far as weapons and armor went, though, he felt that maybe he could get away with wandering around just the littlest bit.
“Oh.” He sighed. “That’s unfortunate.”
“I think you should be asking yourself what Tony doesn’t know about you, Steve.” That was Bucky. “I’m willing to bet he doesn’t know half as much about the rest of us as a group than he knows about you alone.”
“Me too, Steve.”
Steve went next, smiling at Tony quickly before he spoke. “I am thankful for the fact that you guys have helped me find my place in this century. It’s still hard, and I am still confused most of the time, but you are okay with that. I have a home, and a family.” Steve turned his head and took Tony’s hand. “I also have Tony. I hope you realize how thankful I am for that.”
Steve smiled innocently. “Tis the season, Tony.”
“Did you just make a joke? I mean it was bad obviously, but was that a joke?”
Tony rolled his eyes and continued handing out the garments, first to Natasha and Bucky who both accepted theirs with an almost analytical silence, before tossing Sam and Thor’s items to them, both of whom smiled sincerely at the gifts.
“I’ve heard so much about you! I’m glad we finally got to meet!”
“So says the man who fights with him more than the rest of us,” the archer retorted.
“Did he now?” Steve asked, feigning disinterest.
“Please don’t tell me what you did. I don’t want to know.”
“But, Steve. If you would listen…”
Tony had a horrible feeling they were going to expect him to do this too. Great.
“I’m so sorry, Tony.”
“You. Are. Unbelievable,” Pepper bit out. “This entire time, Tony. All this time you were out with the mafia or whatever they call themselves you never thought to pick up a phone and say, ‘hey, I’m not dead?’”
If Howard had been given the choice, it would have been you. It has always been you.
“Steve?”
Tony eventually did open his eyes and loudly protested when medical tried to take him away. He held on tightly to Steve’s hand. He had protested weakly and demanded to be sent home because he wasn’t going to wake up in a hospital on Christmas morning.
And Steve had no idea what to say to that. Which was great since Bucky’s date was apparently yelling at him for showing more interest in the drummer than her and Sharon had to drag the girl out, but not before waving to both of them. Steve offered an awkward wave and Bucky was busy rubbing his face where he’d been remarkably slapped by his drunk ex-date.
“I know! Fuck! God, just let me...think about this. This is about taking a life.”
“Everyone needs to be protected. The world we live in, it’s not safe. The less you know, to some degree, the easier it is to pretend that the balance is maintained somewhere.”
The AI did not respond to him and nothing changed. He frowned, mostly in pain because he had an excruciating headache, but at the same time he picked up on the fact that he wasn’t in his room. Or any room for that matter. He blindly reached out to see what he was laying on and felt sand. So it had been one of those nights then.
Steve crossed his arms over his chest. “Sure. And while you’re at it, you can talk to our resident scientist and tell him all your ‘technological jargon’.” Steve turned to Natasha and nodded. “Bring him here”.
Steve continued to stroke lazily milking Tony’s cock until the last drop dribbled out and his body shivered with the oversensitivity. He fell once again, landing next to Tony, kissing him again.
Steve was silent for a moment. He was drenched, cold and very hungry surprisingly. After a moment though he spoke.
“Glad to see you’re in the spirit.”
“Likewise, Colonel. Do you want me to get Tony?”
“Tony? How long?”
Tony lifted his shoulders and let them drop in a poor imitation of a shrug.
Clint began laughing. “Steve. You’ve got it bad.”
He got as far as swiping the screen before he heard heavy feet racing down the hall. “Steve!” Steve turned in time to see Clint barreling through the door, face red with exertion. “We’re moving out, come on!”
“I know you were there for awhile when Pepper practically reamed me for missing a board meeting that same day! I’m being pulled on from all sides. I’d have hoped that you would at least understand that!”
Steve ghosted over Tony’s cock, his breath warm and Tony’s hips moved.
Steve shrugged and did the honors of grabbing a nearby laptop and opening up Bucky’s Netflix queue to distract him as Tony worked. The sounds of Jurassic Park filled the room, punctuated only by the sounds of Tony’s tinkering. Steve found himself watching Tony out of the corner of his eye almost as much as he found himself watching the actual movie playing. He wasn’t saying as much as Steve remembered he used to, but Steve figured that had more to do with the fact that Tony was wary of him now that he knew who Steve was exactly.
“Then get in and I won’t be doing that anymore. It’s about to rain anyway.”
Tony shook his head and reached out to finger the shirts material at Steve’s shoulder. “This, I don’t mind. Protecting people is the part of my job I’d always liked. I just realized the weapons I made weren’t doing so much protecting as they were needlessly killing.” Tony pulled his hand away slowly and started making his way around Steve’s office, hand trailing over anything within his reach.
“I guess I got caught up...wait so you do want to?”
Steve mouthed DUM-E and U to himself, trying to figure out which part he wanted to focus on first before settling with the last part of Tony’s rambling. “You haven’t exactly stayed in any room I’ve entered this last week. I was pretty sure you were avoiding me.” Did Steve sound put out? He didn’t mean to sound put out. Hopefully Tony wouldn’t notice.
“So, Steve, I heard you were here but no one has actually seen or heard from you. Other than Tony who has told everyone to leave you alone.”
“You probably won’t find me under the tree, but just know that I’ll be wearing a big red bow for you.” He sidestepped so he could pass Steve and spoke softer this time. “And only a bow.”
Bucky furrowed his brows. “What exactly does that mean? What’s in danger?”
Bucky grinned proudly. “I do what I can.”
“It doesn’t say. Not in so many words. It doesn’t name you specifically, but there is no one else it could be. The message states that you are to be taken captive after a distraction with your own weapons and they plan to kill you. Obie wants to make an example of you.”
And then Tony was kissing him.
Steve smiled, taking the note from Tony and putting it in his pocket. “Yeah. Sure.” He felt lame saying that but anything that might have been remotely cool in the form of a response left his brain ages ago. “Thanks.”
Steve smiled down at the brunet and grabbed his hips, pulling Tony’s body flush with his once more as he pressed open mouthed kisses to his neck. His hands began roaming sliding and exploring all of Tony’s dips and curves before coming to rest on Tony’s ass. Gripped it in the palms of his hands. And squeezed the mounds, massaged them then let a few fingers dip between them to feel out Tony’s entrance once, twice, before returning his hands to his hips.
Steve looked startled by the request.
Tony’s spine stiffened and he gently pushed Bruce’s hands away, eyes wide. “You want me to kill Obie?” Any color he may have had in his face drained away.
Steve’s mouth began sliding up and down Tony’s cock, his tongue dancing along the shaft. Tony bucked up into Steve’s mouth forcing Steve to place his hands on Tony’s hips to keep him still. He was breathing heavily, moaning in pleasure as Steve began sucking faster, harder. Tony felt himself edging closer to his coming and tried his best to stave it off. Steve moved one hand from Tony’s hips and gripped the base of Tony’s cock for a minute, before sliding it down to fondle his balls. He let his hand move further still to Tony’s perineum before letting one firm finger trace around Tony’s hole. The sound Tony shouted was completely involuntary and just as satisfying.
Tony’s smile wobbled for a moment. “Yeah. Tell Happy—tell him that I’m good and that I owe him that promotion to head of security I’ve been promising him for keeping my best girl safe while I’ve been away.”
Steve shut his eyes and sagged heavily into himself for just a moment before regaining any strength he had left to finish what he started.
“Why I didn’t hear from you for three months.”
The sooner this was over, the sooner he could find Tony.
Obie smiled and huffed a laugh. “Sure you will. You know, I don’t think Pepper appreciated the fact that I had her phone tapped whenever your number was dialed, but I don’t appreciate people sneaking around my personal business.”
Dextrous fingers danced their way down Tony’s chest, stomach, ghosting over his cock. Steve’s thumb pressed against Tony’s hole but made no effort to push in just yet. Tony thrust his hips up immediately. His hand searched out his favorite part of Steve (well, when they were having sex at least) and gave his shaft one long, slow pump and the blond’s head fell to Tony’s shoulder, breath stuttering slightly as he began squirming under Tony’s touch.
The elevator door opened, and Steve and Tony whipped their heads to it, shushing whoever was coming through. They had only gotten the boys down. They didn’t want to risk them waking up and breaking their peace. Thankfully it was just Natasha that came through. She was a quiet person in general, so they highly doubted she would wake them.
He had been paranoid over it since they were in a crash years ago and the doctors told his Dad that the only thing that saved Peter was his car seat.
“You can put his diaper back on so none of us gets an accidental shower.” Tony chuckled, picking up Bucky’s ankles and placing a clean diaper on him. He made a funny face at him, earning a small giggle in return.
Tony woke up to people talking. He wasn’t sure why people were talking when the last thing he remembered was Steve’s knot tying to him for the third time in so many hours. He wiggled slightly letting out a little whimper when he found he was still hanging off a knot. He tensed, unsure of what was going on.
“We don’t need a mess baby. We have a long drive home and all I have in the changing bag is your jammies.”
“The best day. Love you, Mama. Love you, Papa.” Peter mumbled, smiling sleepily before falling back asleep.
“As I said a while ago. This week is all about fucking.” Steve said.” I know we just spent the last week fucking but this is different.” He added when it looked like Tony was about to protest.
Tony looked back at his son who didn’t even look ashamed, he just shrugged, “They took my photo without my consent. That’s not cool.”
“I thought you were in your costume baby Stark?” Clint asked, eyeing up Peter’s iron man pyjamas. Peter was going to roll his eyes at his uncle but caught a look off of his Papa. Rolling his eyes was a big no-no and a sure way to earn him a swat and corner time.
“I- I- I-“ He stuttered, not able to form the words for a second before it all came spilling out, “I won’t go to college and work with you in the lab and get a job and be an adult ever and, and what if you and Daddy go away and I’m left all alone because your old and old people die and I don’t want you or Daddy to die and I don’t want to be alone.” He sobbed out, catching both Steve and Tony by surprise.
Tony raised an eyebrow and tried to withhold a smile. “Maybe you’re not doing it, right? They never wake up when I do it and you did get Bucky in to the buggy without waking him so kudos for that.”
Peter wasted no time packing his bag and racing to the front of the class, his cheeks stained red from the number of people that were going between looking at him and his Dad.
“Sorry squirt, I’ll give you the benefit of the doubt and say that getting your past memories are confusing you right now but no matter if you’re little or big at any given time a car seat still needs to be used. It’s required by law. If we’re caught it’s a pretty big fine.”
Dr Cho ushered them into the room, “ That’s right young man. I usually don’t do these types of tests but thought Bucky would feel more comfortable with a doctor he’s used to seeing.” She explained gesturing to the two chairs in front of her desk, Steve and Tony settled themselves and the boys on the chairs while Cho read through the questionnaire that Tony had filled out around Bucky’s clinging form.
Clint blinked. “Hold on. Am I hearing you right? You had a replica of your cock made for Tony? You, Captain America, let someone near you when you were hard that wasn’t Tony?” Clint couldn’t believe it. He opened his mouth to ask some more questions but Tony’s growl cut him short.
Tony rolled his eyes again, “Well a bit too late for that now isn’t it? I’m your Omega now and from the mark, on my neck, my consent is pretty much implied. You’re a traditional Alpha as well, which you love reminding me of so that comes as part of the whole consent thing. You wouldn’t have gotten near me if I didn’t consent to this whole thing. There’s nothing to forgive because I want this as much as you but you’re still forgiven.” Tony looked at Bucky slyly. “I might say no one day though when Bucky is there, just so I know you’ll keep to your word. He’d defend my honour.”
Steve took over when it appeared no one else was going to. “Bruce, you’re certified to do the classification exam, aren’t you? Can you give Clint his one since he obviously lied on the last one?” When the Avengers came together Bruce went through the exam to be a classification officer so that the privacy of the Avengers would always be upheld as an Omega’s needed a check-up three times a year along with mental checks with them after they’ve mated. Bruce already had Friday put an appointment reminder for Tony tomorrow to see how he was doing after his heat with Steve. They never thought they’d need Bruce to put the other side of this qualification to use though.
Hey! Look at me updating with only a day apart. I was sick all day today, had to ring into work and everything but it did give me time to write this so yay. Let me know what you think of this chapter.
His heart lifted in hope when he saw Steve nodding his head. “You’re right, I did forget.” The smile he sent Tony filled his stomach full of butterflies, somehow he didn’t think he was going to get actual clothes. His suspicions were confirmed when Steve didn’t go over to the closet as he expected but went to his bedside locker and pulled something small out that he hid behind his back.
“How about this? During your heats, you go naked.” Tony opened his mouth to protest but Steve held up a hand to stop him. “Let me finish.” He waited until Tony closed his mouth and nodded. “During your heats, you go naked but the rest of the month, if you really feel uncomfortable, you can wear one of my shirts.”
Tony and Steve shared a look as the two little boys cried their hearts out. It was going to be a long day full of cranky boys after this. Tony just hoped they could be bribed with ice cream.
“You said you don’t know any other genies.”
Both Rhodey and Pepper nodded curtly, shifting just that much more to block Tony. Steve didn’t take offense, he’d do the same with any of his people. Including Tony.
Steve had, as he figured would happen, been less than happy to see him. He hadn’t actually meant for Steve to see him just yet, had almost contemplated wherein a mask just so he wouldn’t be recognizable but ultimately scrapped that idea when the fabric irritated his stitches. He wanted to prove just how useful he could be, but from a distance. And then he heard that Pepper was with Obie and Rhodey was fighting alongside Clint and he’d made up his mind and made his way into SI and unfortunately into Steve.
“Stark Industries still continues their search efforts for CEO Tony Stark after the billionaire went missing in Afghanistan. Stand-in CEO, Obadiah Stane, is pushing to move the company forward and call off the search for Mr Stark while the Air Force is adamant that they keep searching. The genius disappeared almost three months ago.”
Tony looked down at the ground and scrubbed at his eyes for a moment. “Yeah, me too.” When Tony looked back up, his face was clearer than Steve had ever seen it. “We need to talk.”
Tony winked and made an aborted move to possibly hug, maybe even kiss Steve, instead opting for a pat on the shoulder. “Keep up the good work, Da Vinci.”
“That’s supposed to be a dick?”
It seemed the rest of their group was following suit. Steve watched helplessly as the others tried to leave and felt Peggy’s hand on his shoulder. He smiled at her and she leaned down to kiss his cheek, whispering in his ear. “Now would be a good time for you to talk to him.”
Steve, as furious as he was, found himself unable to leave the genius’ side all the way back to the house. Tony’s head rested in his lap, his body limp and his breathing so slow that Steve couldn’t help keeping his fingers on Tony’s pulse just to ease his worries. They all drove in relative silence, only a few words exchanged, though even that died down when it became clear that Steve wasn’t in any mood to respond, too busy noting every new nick and cut that adorned the brunet in his lap.
This concludes the longest fic I have ever written.
“But daaaaad! It’s Sunday! You promised me we could go to the new bookstore!”
"Deserted island," he replied in the middle of chewing on his food.
“Because he does. Because you’re awesome.”
Clint grumbled. “Put some clothes on. We’re outside in the quinjet. I don’t get paid enough for this shit,” he muttered as he walked out the door.
Well shit.
Tony, gaze somewhere over Steve’s left shoulder, sighed. “How am I supposed to know what the right choice is?”
Steve laughed and put an arm over Tony’s shoulders. “Tis the season.”
Tony took one heavy breath, held it and then let it out. “Kill Obie.”
“Is she going to grope me like you did?”
Tony smiled sleepily. “Maybe we can have a real date soon.”
“It’s an undershirt you can wear with your suit or even just on a normal day, but I sort of imagined it being good for missions and such when we have rough weather conditions. For example, if we end up fighting in the middle of the desert, which is never fun, the special fibers woven in have the capability of cooling the body at a gradual rate. Or-or if we end up in Antarctica because some villain is an asshole and we need to fight evil there, this can warm up and keep the body heated, temperature regulated. And I know, I know that extreme temperatures are not well fought with extremes in the reverse. It can cause shock or heart attacks or something. It’s just enough to ensure that you won’t uh--die?”
“Sir, I have located information on Steve that I believe you might be interested in.”
Bruce grinned. “I’m sure the Big Guy wouldn’t care.”
Steve just allowed himself to be dragged along. “I’m sure I’ll love it, Tony.”
And then Steve had finally woken up and Tony wasted no time reaching him. He stopped long enough to see the IV and the bandages on Steve, but he was still Steve and he was fine. He hoped.
“Well I know of a pretty good song by Elton John and Kiki Dee we could sing together if worst comes to worst.”
Tony sighed as if this was the most inconvenient thing to ever happen to him and stomped away, but he was probably just going to tinker with Steve’s robot dog because he couldn’t seem to help himself in his quest to make it better than it already was.
Tony smiled lovingly at Natasha while he continued trying to finish adjusting part of his faceplate. He figured if they were going to keep making him come up and do things he’d bring his work to the table. “You’re just jealous because you have hideous bow wrapping abilities.”
“I don’t know! Maybe try to be a little more understanding! You said I don’t know anything about sacrifice but you don’t know how much I’ve had deal with a controlling father who always tells me that I’m just an embarrassment to the family. I have never had much of a social life before this point because I am too busy having my life scheduled out for me! Do you know how long it took me to make a friend other than Rhodey? Does any of this even matter to you? Just because I come from a wealthy family doesn’t mean that I haven’t had to make my share of sacrifices!”
This was familiar, Steve knew how to work with this side of Tony. Steve gave a small huff and turned to leave. “Let’s be ready in five minutes.”
Tony placed a finger over Steve’s lips. “Stop.”
“Yeah...Steve, I found out th--”
Fifteen minutes later, on the dot, Steve walked in. Tony took a deep breath and then smiled, and this time it was a real smile. A nervous smile, but real nonetheless and that had to count for something.
“You mean a tree lot a little ways away from the city as in a Christmas tree outlet in Asgard?”
Steve smiled and held out his hand to her. “Nice to meet you, Natasha. Can you excuse us for just a moment?”
“Why what, Tony?” Steve sounded tired and looked upset and Tony hated that more than anything.
The Avengers all peered up at the tree that Thor and Steve had insisted on bringing up by themselves, despite the fact that Tony’s penthouse was almost at the top of the tower.
He nodded. “Sorry. I really need to get in and--.”
Tony watched Steve, a slightly nervous tick taking over his hands. Steve thought it might be a good time to approach him. He could extend an olive branch.
Tony shrugged. “ Yeah, they took me. Had me for close to three months?”
“Let Pepper out of here.” Tony bit out. “This doesn’t involve her.”
“YES!”
Steve shrugged. “It’s not as murky. I’m still working on seeing it though.”
Steve sighed and sat back, leaning against the chair he was sitting in and crossing his arms over his chest. “I’m not moping.”
“It’s...nice. I haven’t had anyone to interact with in so long. Or maybe ever. It’s confusing.”
“I just...you’re one of my best friends. I’d hate for that to be ruined.”
“Why would you want to keep it though? It’s just a stupid child’s toy.”
Obadiah let his eyes roll to the top of head and sighed, Tony’s gun lowered just a smidge. “Well now that you mention it,” the older man started, narrowing his eyes and then raising his gun till his was pointed at Tony.
Steve wanted to thump his head back against the headrest when he realized that he missed the touch already.
Pepper laughed, squeezing gently where she still held Tony’s hand. “He’ll like that. He’s going to go overboard checking everyone for clearance from now on.”
“Yup.”
Steve dropped his arm to his side but didn’t step back, crowding Tony so that he couldn’t just walk away from this conversation. “What about your cover? You probably ruined it, they know you’re alive, Obie—“
Steve grunted as he lifted a fallen beam over his shoulders, the metal digging into his skin.
Sam cut in before Steve had a chance to respond. “I’ve got eyes on Rumlow.” He sounded almost excited, pent up on the chance to get revenge after their last confrontation left both men injured. “Now this is what I’m talking about. Time to show our buddy ol’ Crossbones what the Falcon is made of.”
“Oh look! Crackers!” He pulled out the pack and tossed them to Steve. “This is going to be a meal befitting a king who is trapped in a most unpleasant place.”
The kids listened intently after that, enamored by Mister Steve’s very excellent storytelling skills. Tony couldn’t make himself stop listening too. The blond was telling it very well. He’d allowed the children to get a little silly during the wild rumpus because the wild things did. Before long he reached the end of the story and shut the book with another bright smile. The children and parents clapped and then Mister Steve engaged them in a small discussion about the story.
Steve looked with wide eyes between the building, still standing in most places but destroyed completely in others, and Tony who was smiling, a small thing but still there, up at the building. Steve settled on just staring, astonished, at Tony after a moment of useless gaping.
“Also, I don’t know if Tony has my back now or not. He’s so wrapped up in getting ready for college and trying to impress everyone that I wonder if he even cares anymore.”
Steve adjusted the volume until it was nothing more than a steady hum in the background, bringing his focus instead to the tabletop before him. Guns, knives, small time bombs, stunners, electric shocks, arrows—everything Steve’s team needed to stay ahead in the game he’d found himself calling shots for. He set to work counting ammunition, disassembling, reassembling and cleaning the weapons and taking inventory of new acquisitions they’d acquired while dealing with AIM earlier in the week.
“Is that rum? Please say it’s rum.”
Steve Rogers had never been particularly keen on double dates. There was a lack of intimacy involved when two other people were essentially sharing those moments that Steve felt should be private. Then again, Steve Rogers didn’t date much anyway and had no basis for comparison other than what he’d dreamt up in his mind.
Tony winced. "Got it."
All eyes were now on Thor. Clint lifted his finger and opened his mouth to correct the god, but he suddenly found himself unable to argue with Thor’s assessment of the holiday. Tony grinned and stood up, obviously running low on energy.
“Just shut up and order the pizza, Rico Suave. Me and Nat will pick out a movie.”
Tony chewed on the bottom of his lip before nodding in agreement. “Absolutely. I’ll be here on the other end if you happen to need anything.”
“What if he doesn’t want to--”
Steve just lifted his eyebrows and gave a pathetic nod.
The next shovel talk came from Fury.
“Maybe we can melt some snow and drink it so we don’t become completely dehydrated.”
And he’d hurt Tony several times simply by ignoring or avoiding him. Tony had mentioned a second date and Steve turned him down. Tony had tried to hug him, to kiss him, to just be close and Steve blew him off every single time. He was being an asshole but Tony wasn’t calling him out on it. He played it off each time as if he’d known his intentions were a bad idea from the start and he was just testing to see what he could get away with. Or some other excuse similar to that.
“Big Mama.” Okay, so he knew his argument was weak but he could try, couldn’t he?
“I feel like I’ve missed something.” He said when it looked like Tony or Peter weren’t going to answer him.
Peter lay there and contemplated whether to let them know or watch it all unfold.
Peter bit his lip, he didn’t Harley to go out. He barely saw him and he was going again? He tried his best not to let the hurt show but he obviously didn’t do a good enough job because his Dad picked up on it straight away.
Steve turned so that he could sit down to wait out his knot. It had an effect on Tony as the change in position and he found himself spraying his stomach with come as his ass worked the knot.
“C’mon baby. If you don’t wake up now you won’t sleep tonight.”
“You were mean to Peter before? He’s terrified of you.” Tony hissed at Steve.
“Now not everything is negotiable. Unfortunately, you might see me and your Dad making love sometimes but if you ask Friday where we are she will usually tell you if it’s safe to come in. For you, one of the rules that you’ll have is that you’re in chastity until we can find you an Alpha or you choose one yourself.” Steve held up his hand before Peter could protest. “We won’t make you mate with an Alpha if you don’t want to but we do expect you to give our suggestions a chance.”
This was the issue with them getting their memories back, it was making the now all confusing for them and making them forget everything they knew about this world while their brains sorted out what was now and what was the past.
Steve was not having any luck with Peter either. He took one look at the needle going into his brother’s bottom and began to sob as well.
Peter was well aware he was treated younger than others his age, even if he was younger than his class. Contrary to popular belief Peter did know that he was more sheltered than the average teenager. He couldn’t say he minded it though, his parents loved him and that’s what counted. They usually went off his mood anyway. Peter had often sat up later than his bedtime talking to his Dad about engineering projects he was doing along with discussing new scientific papers that came out. He might act younger but he was still his Mama’s son.
Harley opened his mouth and closed it again, shaking his head. He didn’t know what to say. Tony got that. He wasn’t sure himself.
I've changed it from 3 chapters to unsure because I have a few more ideas for this story. Let me know what you think!
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve watched them all go and waited until he, Clint and, Tony were alone. Time to push a little more.
This chapter is dedicated to themysteryassassin as a thank you for letting me know about the plagiarism of These Little Days. Thanks again!
One the one hand it would be funny to see his Daddy panic because Bucky was crying, but on the other hand, Peter hated to see him upset and with his new, more sensitive, emotions Peter was sure it would set him off as well, which would be less than ideal.
Steve, looked up from Tony when the dishwasher beeped, locking eyes with Bucky and nodding. Bucky could take over, Steve’s know would go down eventually and he was half afraid of what Tony would do if he was acting in any way like Clint’s Alpha. Their bond was still new and Omega’s were extremely protective over their Alpha’s for the first few weeks. Steve dreaded to think how Tony would get back at him if he even tried to be an Alpha to Clint. This was best left to Bucky instead.
got it! After that, it was quite easy to get off. The overalls just slipped down his body and fell to the ground. It was just a case of stepping out of them.
“Thanks baby.” Tony smiled and then answered. “He has two different ages. One is 25, that’s the year he was frozen and the other is around 95, going by his birth date.”
“Want to know a little secret?” He asked, pushing a hand through Peter’s curls.
Cho waited for a minute before she felt he wasn’t going to make any changes to it and moved on.
“I think so too Mama. What did Papa make me?”
Clint wasn’t able to say anything, he wasn’t sure how Steve would be able to know that.
Clint nodded and made sure his focus stayed on Bucky and no one else, even when he heard Tony whimper and Steve laugh he didn’t turn his gaze away. It wasn’t hard to keep his focus either because somehow Bucky was turning this into something sensual. Clint’s main priority was staying soft which was a battle he was losing quickly. Bucky had his chest bared extremely quickly and gave a pinch to both his nipples before he moved to his belt, getting an involuntary moan from him. His hand flew up to cover his mouth which made Bucky and Bruce laugh.
“Where do you live Bucky?”
The waitress nodded, “Anything for this little guy?” She asked smiling at Bucky, who just blinked sleepily back at her.
Steve took one look at the sorry pair at the table and sighed. “Anyone care to explain to me why I have a crying child in the shower?” Was all he said.
Peter all but skipped over to where they were sitting, making sure to say hello to everyone individually. It was something he always did, not wanting any of them to be upset. “Hi aunt Tasha, hi Uncle Clint, hi Uncle Thor, hi Uncle Bruce, hi Uncle Bucky!” He said, sitting beside Bucky.
He waited patiently until his Dad came over with the face paint and did his nose before placing the ears on his head. After he finished he stood back to judge his work, squinting his eyes at him.
Ah, that made sense, Peter nodded in agreement before it dawned on him what his Dad actually said.
For some reason the tone made Peter’s chin wobble. He wouldn’t have had to throw it if they had just listened to him! Before he knew it he was letting out a wail, unable to help himself. He wished he had Ironman back so he could snuggle with him. Mama and Dada weren’t going to since they were angry at him. He put his head on the highchair tray and continued to cry loudly. He was only trying to help! He could hear he Mama and Dada speaking quietly around his cries and then all of a sudden he was on his Mama’s lap. He gripped onto him straight away, curling himself into Mama’s neck. He didn’t care if it was Mama giving out to him. He wanted a cuddle and who better to get it off than Ironman himself?
Peter was all but dragging Tony out to the living room where the rest were waiting. Peter threw his arms out when they were in front of everyone.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve’s growl cut Clint short. “I mean in a totally platonic way. As friends.” He continued on, not wanting to get on the bad side of a protective Alpha.
“Please, stop – Ouch! Bucky! Okay, okay I won’t lie again! Please!” He squirmed, trying his bed to get out of Bucky’s hold. Bucky didn’t stop though and Clint knew he wouldn’t until he was satisfied. He’d seen it too many times with Tony it always made him roll his eyes when he heard him plead with Bucky. He now realised why that was. Bucky’s flesh hand was solid as it came down on his rear again and again. The only saving grace was he hadn’t pulled his pants down to do it. The spanking went on for what felt like an age and by the end of it Clint was laying limply over his hard thighs, and felt more grounded than he ever had before.
“I heard what you said to Papa about me loving you but not liking you.” Tony stepped further into the room, sitting on the side of Peter’s bed so that he was facing him. From this close, he could see Peter was trembling slightly.
Tony inclined his head, not willing to say anything until he saw what Steve was hiding. If he wasn’t mistaken, Steve seemed a bit nervous.
“Okay, I’m going to help you get stripped now. Just focus on me and no one else in the room and you’ll be okay.”
“Yeah, that was a bit of a shock. I’ve been texting Bucky on and off from when we found out. Clint is doing okay and as far as I can tell he’s mated with Bucky.” A spike of fear went through Tony. Mated? But they’d only just found out that Clint was an omega. Was it not way too soon for him to have mated with Bucky? He hated that he had to ask because he loved Bucky. He was his favourite person right after Steve.
“Mama.” Peter could hear the love and reverence in his voice as he said it like Mama was his whole world. Obviously Mama could too because he squeeze Bucky to him getting a coo of happiness out of the baby. Peter was kind of jealous, he wanted a cuddle as well.
Tony heard Peter sniffling into his neck and sighed in relief. The baby had finally calmed down.
“Hello, welcome to upper east classification clinic. How may I help you, Mr Stark?” The lady behind the desk drew Peter’s attention and he tore his eyes away to look at her. When she caught him staring she smiled at him, causing him to give a shy smile from behind his soother before he hid his face in Mama’s neck.
Poor baby wasn’t going to be one bit happy. Hopefully, he won’t wake up in tears though, at least if they start the visit off calmly it might help.
Tony snorted, “How very rich of you.”
Steve hugged Peter to him, running a hand through his hair in the same way Tony did the night before to him.
Steve rubbed his back but didn’t argue with him. Thankfully Cho came back in before Peter could continue to whine.
Of course, his Dad was laughing the whole time.
Tony stood up suddenly. “I’m going to talk to him. Now. No way am I letting him go any further thinking I don’t like him.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Steve commented casually, gripping Tony’s hips and bringing him back so that he wasn’t getting any stimulation to his cock. “You know the rules. By my cock or not at all darling.” He grunted as he ground his hips against Tony’s ass, his knot already beginning to grow. Clint un-paused his game and changed to one player before continuing, Bucky watching on with disinterest, making comments on Clint’s fighting as  Steve continued to slam into Tony again and again. Tony came with a wail as he felt Steve’s knot expand in his ass. The knot sending aftershocks through him, making him spasm and squirm on the knot endlessly.
Clint watched on, dreading the coming hour but unable to look away from Tony or to interrupt to get it over with. Damn Steve and his sharp eye. Clint had made sure that he didn’t take note of Tony during his heat no matter how difficult it was when Steve was riding him in the common room earlier. He played it completely cool and thought he’d gotten away with it. Natasha didn’t even notice there was anything amiss. So how was Steve able to see through it? One thing was for sure. He wasn’t about to ask him. He had a feeling that he was in enough trouble as it was.
By the end of his scenting, Peter’s eyes were barely open. That was a side-effect of scenting a pup. Scenting is usually done on babies and then only Omega’s until they got to twenty-five. It was used on babies to soothe them and get them back to sleep. It had the same effect on Omega’s of all ages. Peter was curled up into Steve’s chest dozing as he finished.
Tony rolled his eyes. Harley Keener was 18 and a giant pain in Tony’s ass.
“You sure are. You’re way bigger than Bucky aren’t you?”
Bucky let him lay over his thighs to catch his breath, rubbing his lower back and not rushing him. When he felt ready Clint wiggled a little bit and let Bucky help him stand up. He felt like a limp noodle after that, all the fight gone from him.
Peter looked up from playing with Bucky’s metal arm, it was one of his most favourite things to do. “Eh yeah, sure Mama.” He giggled, turning his attention back to Bucky.
“Sorry Flash, maybe another time.” He skipped around him and ran over to the land rover that Papa used to pick him up in. It was kind of funny to see Flash’s anger filled face as he ran by him and across the road to the car, narrowly being missed by another car he as ran. Whoops, he gave a little wave when the car's horn beeped aggressively and kept running, not wanting to anger the driver any more. His face broke out into a grin when he opened the door and saw his Papa behind the wheel, throwing himself at the man as if he hadn’t seen him that morning for breakfast.
Clint looked up from the game he was playing, “ Yeah Tones. You look good naked, it’s probably way better than being in clothes- ”
“I know you will sweetheart. Now let’s get you on this dildo so we can go out and enjoy some pasta.” Steve said, finally taking the dildo out of the box. Clint’s eyes goggled at the sheer size of it. It was the same turquoise blue as the box it came in and even had Steve’s knot on it. No wonder Tony looked so blissed out when they were knotted. The thing that Steve was holding in his hand seemed monstrous.
By the time his Dad finally came to get him out of his seat, Peter was pouting in full force, ignoring his Dad’s raised brow. He didn’t want to talk to either of them right now. All he wanted was a cuddle off Papa. Dad and Harley could have all their fun together and ignore Peter somewhere else, Papa would never ignore him.
Tony was not prepared for the arms that wrapped themselves around his waist.
The genius gave a tired nod. “I won’t.” He hoped he would stop doing that at least. He yawned and felt his eyes slowly drifting shut. “Love you too, Steve.”
Steve kicked in the next door he came too. “On our wa—“ Steve paused, the room was not empty.
Ten minutes later he walked back into his bedroom with a towel wrapped around his waist as he picked out something to wear for the day.
Tony waved his hand in a go ahead motion and turned back to Obie. “The world is going to know about you soon. I’m not a fan of airing my dirty laundry for everyone to see, but I figure this will clear up a few things about what’s been going on right under everyone’s noses.”
Steve solved the problem for them and took Tony’s hand. “I’ll be back, Tony. I promise. I need to see the country though. Need to learn how to, I guess live again? When I close my eyes all I see are the people I failed. I left Peggy. I couldn’t save Bucky. I almost couldn’t save you, Tony.”
He didn’t have to wait long, all three men shuffling into the room about 4 minutes later. Thor was the first to speak, pulling a chair out and collapsing into it. ”Greetings, Captain. Dr. Banner. Tony. Our trip turned out to be plentiful in the way of news.”
*****
Obadiah just rolled his head to look at Tony, a bored expression on his face. “I’m sure you already know the answer to that, Tony. Neither of us have time to waste.”
Tony’s smile turned into a smirk. “Plus the make-up sex will be amazing.”
Tony laughed and poked at Steve’s ridiculously sculpted chest “And I’ll try with you even if you are the biggest jerk to walk the planet.”
"I--” He was abruptly cut off when Natasha walked back into the room, followed by an exasperated voice.
That earned him a toothy grin and maybe Tony was lying a little about how much work he had to do. “And I’m sure you’re exaggerating on the amount of work you have left to do on this particular project. Now let’s get going.”
“You wanted to see me?” Steve was a little wary when he asked but Tony couldn’t blame him.
The blonde shook his head quickly again, feeling a blush rising up. “Nope. No. It was an accident. I really didn’t mean to--”
And okay yeah. Maybe he’d been so wrapped up in his own pain that he’d sort of selfishly enough worried more about whether or not Steve would forgive him rather than realizing that Steve probably needed him right now.
Steve yawned and popped an eye open, wincing a little. “I know,” he mumbled. “So am I.”
Steve pointed a finger and stopped him. “It doesn’t matter. That puts them in danger and puts us at risk of being found out. You’re dead and you’re going to stay dead until this plan of yours is finished. I can’t compromise what we already have going by bringing in more civilians.”
Tony shrugged, hopefully looking as nonchalant about it as possible. “Only if you want it too.”
Steve let his mouth drop open in exasperation. “This? This is what you’re upset about? You think we want you for only the thing you can make with your two hands?” Steve wanted to shake Tony by the shoulders until he could knock whatever it was that made the other man think so poorly of himself and everyone around him out of his head. “Maybe you were here for what you could do for us in the beginning but so was everyone else. Natasha, Clint, Sam, Thor—the only reason they were brought in was for the talents they possessed. You think that’s why they’re still walking around here today? You think they’d stay if that were the case? We care about you, Tony.”
Tony chuckled softly and placed a hand against Steve’s cheek. “Can you show me?”
Peter turned to look up at his dad with wide eyes. “Can we? Pleeeease?”
Peggy stood up and gave Steve a hug, smiling. “I hear congratulations are in order. You got into art school!”
“About time, Steve. You said fifteen minutes.”
Steve popped into the kitchen with a bounce in his step. “Well I finished wrapping presents!”
The genie cocked his head to the side and watched Tony’s face closely. “What is it?”
Tony tucked his good hand in the pocket of his borrowed hoodie and shrugged. “Yeah, well. He was bored. Heard there might be a hot blond in the kitchen and wanted to see what all the fuss was about. Don’t worry, he’s as impressed as I am. Was that shirt painted on or do you shop in the junior miss section of the GAP?”
“That doesn’t mean that you couldn’t at least participate in team activities! We actually...I actually look forward to it when you do join us, but it’s not often. We all need to be able to trust each other and we need to be in this together.”
Thor spoke quietly from his seat. “We must be swift with our actions, survivors would only greaten the chance for regrouping. While I am loathe to take the lives of others, even in this business, there is much at stake if we allow these men to walk away with their wits about them.”
“Please, what?” Tony nips at Steve’s ear.
The soldier outright laughed at that. “If you say so.”
The one thing he knew was that he wanted to keep the tone light. Uplifting. Nothing serious. Well not yet. He’d only just met the guy one and a half times, and the half was when they interacted for precisely five seconds before Tony had to run off. And he could not help thinking about how ridiculous it was that he’d decided so quickly this was something he wanted. If there was one thing he was sure of it was that love at first sight was not real and should be more aptly called lust at first sight. People cannot just love someone by looking at them when there hasn’t been any time to learn to trust or get a larger feel for their personality. And wow, Tony should not be thinking like that. Love was a bad bad word. Falling for someone was a thing that happened in horribly cliched romantic comedies and dramas, but the odds of it happening to anyone in real life are highly unrealistic.
Tony just rolled his eyes, still smiling albeit a little bit smaller though just as brilliant. “What? And risk my life? I don’t think I’m ready to rid the world of this charm and these good looks. Well, I mean when they find out I’m still alive.”
“Do you even care about anyone else other than yourself, Tony?”
Tony shrugged. “Wouldn’t be the first time. Why won’t you talk to me?”
Steve was the one who would have to bodily drag him out though, Tony protesting not so adamantly because it was Steve and Tony was going to take what he could get because he was, above all else, a selfish asshole.
“No one is going to be able to find me. I made sure of that.” He inhaled deeply. “So, to make a long story short, I found out that Obadiah Stane, current stand in CEO of Stark Industries, tipped them off toward my involvement with you bunch which led to them taking me and interrogating me, and torturing me—you know, all that fun stuff. Before you ask though-- yeah Cap, I see you with your mouth open—I have no idea what he’s getting out of this or how he’s involved with them in the first place, but, I was able to put two and two together. So this man, my—“ he spit the words out, “mentor, wanted me out of the picture so bad that he figured HYDRA would probably do his dirty work for him. At least that’s the only conclusion I’ve been able to come up with up to this point. There are still a lot of details I have to work out, hence, the reason I need everyone to think I’m dead.” He paused for breath, eyes wild. “You understand? The moment he finds out I’m still alive, the game changes. Right now he has nothing to hide with me safely out of the picture.”
Steve naked was probably the most beautiful thing Tony had ever seen in his life. Steve was the most beautiful thing Tony had ever seen, but Steve’s cock was at full attention and the genius was not allowing a moment like this to go to waste. He kissed Steve and wrapped a hand around the soldier’s penis, giving it a slow, lazy stroke. For a moment he thought that action alone had made the soldier come, but false alarm. He stroked again and Steve’s hips bucked upward.
Steve stood up slowly, took a cautious step toward the other man. “Tony, look at me.”
The rest watched him expectantly and he smiled. “I would, but I was just bombarded with new projects that I need to get started on.” He indicated the briefcase at his feet containing several new blueprints and contracts he was being forced to sign tonight even though tomorrow was Thanksgiving and no one would be around anyway.
Steve just laughed as they climbed into the backseat of Tony’s car. “Steve, Happy. Happy, Steve.”
“KISS KISS KISS!”
Steve the genie shrugged. “I don’t know any other genies.”
When he received an affirmative from everyone he began checking and double checking his guns, listening to both his team fight their way toward the warehouse and the sound of the men on the other side of the wall he hid behind, unaware of anything happening around them. Steve shook his head in disgust; nobody in his organization would be as careless as everyone here seemed to be.
Steve merely shrugged and smiled. “Surprise. What gave it away?”
Steve went back to his drawing without another word.
Tony huffed when Steve did nothing but continue to laugh, turned and started walking away. “Don’t put a leash on him!”
“You’re nothing if not prepared, Tony Stark,” he replied softly, taking the small packet away from Tony. “But you’re not ready for that yet.”
“Gonna be some after party tonight.”
Tony looked over to note that DUM-E and U were chirping curiously but not moving. Damn.
“It’s not that important. That’s part of the philanthropy thing.”
Tony tried so very hard to draw the line when Steve found the carousel but Steve had grabbed his hand and practically lifted him onto a horse. Tony held on to the pole and only hoped not one person recognized him while he rode the creepiest looking horse on the ride. Tony ended up not hating that nearly as much as he thought he would but he wouldn’t admit that either.
Tony snorted. “Yeah I don’t think this is what I wanted either.”
“I hadn’t really thought about that.”
Once Steve's brain finally rebooted and his muscles began working again, he lifted his head to see Tony already staring at him, a look of what could be considered defiance in his eyes. That and a tiny hint of fear. Steve was puzzled for a moment and then he remembered what Tony had said, what he’d been chanting as his orgasm took him over.
“Mmm...yeah.” He pulled back and looked down at Tony. “Thanks. I mean I’m sure I’ll have have some sort of guilt-ridden meltdown again tonight and probably for a long time, but still, thanks for not mocking me.”
Steve wanted to argue further but he already knew it was pointless. Bucky was stubborn and protective to a fault, getting him to leave would be like pulling teeth. “Don’t die,” was all he said, turning back and staring down the hallway Tony had disappeared down long ago.
Steve paused, suddenly feeling like they weren’t on the same page after all. “…if what you’re saying about Stane is true, Tony, then he’s not the kind of man you can just send to prison. He’s got connections out there higher than the authority, higher than the law. He’s the kind of man you have to put down, a sure way to sever any and all connections he’s got.”
“So then maybe we should do something fun. We could go paintballing or something.”
“Happiness is an illusion. Use it like a cloak to cover up the rotten bits.” Tony opened the folder and Steve was surprised to see a newspaper clipping, one declaring the death of Tony’s parents. Tony’s hands gripped the page hard enough to wrinkle it at the edges, his face bone white.
“I can hear you thinking,” Obie said, followed by a breathy chuckle.
She put a reassuring hand on his shoulder and gave him a knowing smile. “Don’t give up hope.”
Tony began pacing again. “So what I’m hearing is that HYDRA are the big bad villains and you all are the heroes for hire?” He stopped near Bucky, shooting him a weary look. “I’m guessing you want more explosives like the ones I used to escape.”
“My parents died a week before Christmas. On Christmas Day I was a rich orphan. Strangely enough, the first Christmas without them was no different than the years before when they were actually alive. Jarvis...he always made sure that I was taken care of though.”
Tony and Steve both glance at Natasha before realizing the rest of the table seemed to be in on some secret discussion they’d missed out on. She gave Steve a pointed look before standing. “I’ve gotta run. I’ll see you guys tomorrow.” As she walked by, she smacked Tony on the backside of his head.
“Are you even from this era? You talk like my grandfather. He never stopped saying swell and still calls all girls dames.”
The blond tilted his head but smiled. “Okay.
Jarvis simply nodded before returning to his work and Tony made his way toward a waiting Steve. They had not seen each other in a week. He’d been away for another performance, this time in South America. Three of his five performances had been in Brazil alone. He’d had little sleep throughout his trip and was currently on the brink of sleep deprived collapse, but Steve’s name woke him up faster than any cup of coffee ever could.
He rested his sweat slicked forehead against Tony’s, body heaving with the force of his breath. He then brought their lips together once more as he began to gently thrust in and out, starting off slow before gradually moving to a quicker pace.
Tony started nodding in agreement, still a little heavy lidded and disoriented from the kiss. “Yeah, I—“ He glared up at Steve. “Hold on. What?”
