John knew Morstan, and the reunion wasn’t a happy one. From Morstan’s lack of recognition it had been years since their falling out. Couldn’t have been the military; Morstan didn’t have the bearing. Sherlock would have said ex-friends from university if he’d been looking at a picture of the two men instead of in the room with them. John’s rigid stance, his left fist shaking as he pressed it into his thigh, paired with Morstan’s obvious guilt, his inability to look at John longer than a few seconds—an idiot like Anderson might have guessed Morstan had cheated with John’s girlfriend, but this was something else entirely.
“He texted me,” Angelo answered before John could ask. He held up the takeaway bag in his other hand. “And
John stroked Sherlock once straight down his spine before patting him twice on the back and saying something that was likely affectionate judging by the tone of his voice. Sherlock hummed an absent response, too busy turning this new problem about in his mind to bother actually listening to what John had said.
His words faded into the background. Sherlock heard the clatter of the cabinets opening, the clink of mugs on the counter and then, unusually, the slam of the microwave door. He blinked his eyes open, not sure when he’d closed them, but couldn’t quite see what John was doing from the angle of the sofa.
John looked at him, the laughter he’d managed to quiet still flashing in his eyes, and didn’t pull away.
When John didn’t reply he curled up his hands and pulled them back, feeling stung in a way that had nothing to do with his abraded knuckles.
What had he said when Sherlock burst into the room? First, concern for Sherlock’s health even though
As usual, it was on the tip of Sherlock’s tongue to protest or to redirect John’s attention, but John was like a bloodhound when it came to Sherlock’s health. It might take days, it might take months, but if John found out Sherlock had lied to him about being hurt there would be hell to pay. It was better to let John have his way initially than to suffer the consequences of his stroppy moods later, which usually manifested as John refusing to fetch Sherlock things or make Sherlock tea and clouding Sherlock’s thoughts and the air in their flat with his sullen anger. Plus, John was always much more biddable immediately after Sherlock’s easy compliance. Sherlock very much preferred John smug with doctorly satisfaction at having patched Sherlock up than glowering in his chair and pointedly ignoring Sherlock.
“There’s a good Chinese on Baker Street that stays open late. Did you know you can always tell a good Chinese…”
Satisfied with the success of his mental exercise, Sherlock sat up with a triumphant grin. The flat was dark, the windows outside lit only by streetlights and the headlamp of a passing car. John had gone to bed hours ago, but he’d left a folded blanket over the back of the sofa just in case Sherlock woke up cold in the few hours before the early summer dawn.
Sherlock would have offered his usual protests, but John had turned back into the kitchen. Instead, he took a reflexive sip of the tea. It was delightfully warm.
“No.” He glared at the paper napkins the waiter had left. “But it can take my Network days to follow up difficult leads.”
“Honestly,” John was saying in the kitchen, “I thought you had your Homeless Network for just this reason to have people spot you or help you on watch. Sitting in that position for so long and in the cold too. It might just be your ‘transport,’ but one day your body is going to betray you—”
“Why would I be angry with you for testing a hypothesis? I thought you might have been, but I couldn’t understand the fixation on bees.”
“I could ‘ave ‘ad your friend ‘ere, and you wouldn’t ‘ave even known. It’s a real disappointment after being told about your website.”
“Honestly, I have no idea how.” John shook his head in bemusement. “Can’t say I’ve ever pulled a woman like that.”
“Mr. Holmes,” said a man’s voice, familiar in a way that John vaguely recognized. “Thank you so much for coming in on such short notice. I appreciate—”
“Like I said: It’s you. You think a superficial connection with bees capable of influencing my behavior, but you’re wrong. The one influencing my behavior, encouraging me to be more cooperative, is you.”
Okay fine, he could admit Harry was right about this being a learning experience. John enjoyed the company of people who cared more about their passions than about being nice. He’d always been a bit bored of those people, to be honest, which explained the premature demise of several of his relationships. God, he was too old to be learning new things about himself. Ella had better not make that face where she pretended she wasn’t disappointed in him at their next session.
The man in question poked his head out of the kitchen with an expression of malicious glee and Sherlock turned on Lestrade, about to upbraid him for letting
John looked back at Harry. She was smirking. The man stalked towards the front of the cafe, apparently able to walk and text at the same time. John cursed and levered himself from his chair just as the other man reached the door.
Sherlock took his shoulder to the bedroom door when he found it locked, and frowned at the body on the bed. De Kleine could have been ignoring his creditors for months, but money seemed an unlikely motive to infiltrate a high-security bank when breaking into a flat was easier and more effective. From his luggage De Kleine had only just returned; had he seen the message at the bank? Sherlock scrutinized the dirty clothing and went to let John in, comparing the severity of the punishment to the offense suggested by the evidence.
Sherlock stared at the ghastly fabric in renewed interest and poked the heat pack again with his finger to test the density of the barley.
Barely a minute later John pushed his way into the office backwards, both of his hands occupied with cheap paper cups of what the Met considered tea. He set one down on Lestrade’s desk and wrapped his hands around the other as he turned towards Sherlock. Automatically, his eyes dipped from Sherlock’s face to his lips, just as they had the past fourteen times Sherlock had repeated the experiment under similar conditions.
Could he risk saving himself if it meant the cabbie claiming twice as many victims as he’d already poisoned in a traffic accident? And, asked another part of him, could he risk letting Sherlock’s suspect escape without trying to stop him? John stared at the gun, reassessing. All the victims had been found in empty buildings, no evidence of anyone else present. The murderer had obviously concealed his presence; there was no telling if he had an accomplice. That might be a problem, but John’s instincts insisted that he could handle the cabbie, even after his invalidation. When the cab stopped he’d have an opportunity to go for the gun—
Mycroft cut himself off, tapping his umbrella harder upon the floor than intended in his shock. Sherlock would have liked to relish the look on his face, but he wasn’t motivated enough to move from where he lay facedown on the sofa.
Thank you to those who commented! Updates TBD as I plan to actually construct an outline instead of just riding blindly off into the sunset as per my usual MO.
“Much as I’d like to avoid unnecessary social interaction, having chosen to become a Consulting Detective makes that task impossible.”
He started pacing again, dictating his thoughts aloud as he walked. John had been on the battlefield. John had nearly died, but he hadn’t been
“Better quality than his clothes, which are tailored well to hide that they’re older. A man like that wouldn’t spend money on a new Breitling from last year’s Winter Collection. Who, then? No wife, family and friends buy for his daughter instead. Must be a work anniversary gift. A year is too soon, even for employees who pick the dead leaves from his office plants. Two years places his hire date during the crisis and being indebted to Sir William explains why he replied to my email within two minutes of receiving it.”
“Sorry, have you met yourself? If you open up the dictionary I’m pretty sure it’s your picture there next to the word. And trying to get you to take better care of yourself isn’t
“Anderson, turn around. Your face is disruptive to logical thought. The rest of you shut up. Don’t talk to me, don’t talk to each other, don’t even think.”
,” Sherlock corrected. “Someone broke in night before last and left something. The client didn’t specify what.”
The question went unanswered in his race to catch Sherlock at the door. He wanted to ask as he struggled with his coat, but realized from Sherlock’s satisfied smirk that he’d planned this and was so flustered the words disappeared.
“Well, now you know. Sherlock Holmes is more cooperative when bees are involved. Not sure how I’ll use that to bribe you the next time Greg needs you to fill out paperwork at NSY or you have to go to A&E, but I’m sure I’ll come up with something.”
Sherlock flashed a grin before zeroing in on a pretty young woman who greeted him and introduced herself as their guide. They were led past a cubicle farm of busy people making phone calls in various languages to a corner office, the woman knocking and poking her head in before gesturing them through.
Before he could stand up Harry leaned across the table and put her hand over his, the touch shocking him out of his anger.
“Yes. The usual, for me, and for Doctor Watson—” He paused so John made his request for the spaghetti bolognese— “and a bottle of my usual wine, too. Thank you, Angelo.”
John snorted and, to Sherlock’s surprise, began to laugh—less a laugh and more an undignified giggle.
“It’s not just you, John. I’ve been thinking about this for a while. But I’m- I’m scared. If I really commit to this and then fail I… I’m not sure I’ll ever get clean. So this is like an ultimatum for me, you see? To face my fears. For both of us to face our fears.
He held out both hands palm down in John’s direction so the ludicrous children’s plasters spread over his torn knuckles were impossible to miss.
“For god’s sake, Sherlock, just open the damn thing. You don’t need to listen to it, or smell it, or whatever. You’re going to open it anyway.”
“Whenever you’ve been interested in another man you’ve fallen hard and you’ve fallen fast, and it’s never worked out for you. You’re scared of that, of feeling that pain. Women have always been safer. But you’re my brother and whatever else you are you’re
“Hold still and let me see the damage. I know you were shamming for Greg and the paramedics, but you did a good enough job of it you can’t have been hurt too badly.”
“I’m not asking you to kiss a weeping abscess, John. They’re already covered. Just a kiss over top will do.”
His eyes snapped open only seconds after they’d closed. A cost-benefit analysis between his experiment and John’s “three continents” masseuse hands, and his experiment had come out the loser. That was the second part of his hypothesis proven.
“Order more, John. I prefer it now, actually, enough that it’s become inconvenient to have tea outside Baker Street. The taste of commercial-grade honey isn’t near as good.”
He stood up without looking at the laptop to avoid attracting Lestrade’s attention. They’d notice the still-open tracker after he’d left, but that couldn’t be helped. It wouldn’t matter if they followed him, but he couldn’t risk being bogged down by their inane questions when every second brought John closer to death.
“Stillborn.” Sherlock’s excitement at the prospect of new information vanished and he began to pace. “That’s not right… There
“You don’t, John,” Sherlock refuted bluntly. “The last time I followed you on your lunch break you called me to ask if we needed milk and didn’t notice that I answered from the other side of the cafe.”
“Since the honey came in the mail a couple of days ago.” John giggled. “Greg said it’d be a bloody miracle if eating it made you even a little less likely to break laws and ignore Yard protocol.”
John swallowed and fixed his gaze over Harry’s left shoulder. He wasn’t saying a word until Harry gave him more of a hint on what to say. They hadn’t talked about it in ages, but neither had forgotten John’s disapproval when Harry had chosen the bottle over Clara. The sibling truce they’d struck to agree to—and keep from yelling at each other at—their weekly meetups carried all sorts of unspoken rules and tacit agreements. One of them being that John wasn’t allowed to bring up Clara or the divorce, directly or obliquely.
“Anything for my favorite customer.” Angelo beamed, winked at John, and left as quickly as he’d appeared.
“This is just- This is ridiculous, Harry. I don’t know the first thing about picking up a man. What am I supposed to do?”
had he replaced all of the perfectly-serviceable plasters in his kit with children’s bee-patterned sticking plasters?
“The, er, detecting. Look around the crime scene, follow up on a lead, question an expert. I almost expect the bit with the fancy forensics computer graphics, but even I know that’s made up.”
He registered the word “cab” like a drop of water falling into an over-full bucket, memories rippling outwards before spilling over the edges. He remembered his explanation of the case to John, the excitement and suspicion when the taxi pulled up outside Angelo’s and didn’t move, the annoyance at finding an over-cooked Californian in the back seat. The icon on his laptop left Baker Street.
was Sherlock’s serial suicide murderer. Not the passenger, but the cabbie. He ran through the case in his head, narrated in Sherlock’s confident baritone.
After the timer went off he snatched the heat pack and retreated to his bedroom, waiting until after the door was shut before settling it over his shoulders.
A fake gun. Clearly none of the other victims had been familiar enough with firearms to spot the inconsistencies. Or maybe, John thought grimly, they’d been too scared to notice. And just like that he decided to stay and see what happened. A coward: Who else would dare force four people to poison themselves with a fake gun?
Of course that was when Lestrade and his team showed up, late as always. Sherlock put aside the delightful puzzle of John Watson in favor of snapping at Lestrade for his tardiness. He eventually consented to recount what the DI had missed when Lestrade began grumbling about his earlier abrupt departure, gratified that John didn’t contest his omitting Moriarty’s name from the account. Then the paramedics arrived and they were separated, John to give his statement and be checked over, which for some reason necessitated a lurid orange blanket.
Mycroft’s information was barely useful. He already knew the doctor’s surname from the back of his phone. His first name was hardly important—Sherlock needn’t ever use the man’s name so long as he had his number—and he’d learn it eventually. The blog he found provided little beyond confirming the desultory relationship with his therapist Sherlock had already guessed. He was interested to note in the comments that they shared Mike Stamford from Bart’s as a contact, but couldn’t see how that might be relevant and returned to his original task.
“Right, stop it, you two,” he said without looking at Sherlock. “Trouble at work, not a suicide, right-handed, go on.”
“I assure you, I can. During your lapse in University I was made primary guardian of your funds. Though I have since made them available to you, my status remains intact. Mummy might finally consider transferring account ownership to you, as it should have been upon achievement of your majority, if you take her concerns in mind.”
Anderson’s head jerked up and he tried to hide the evidence baggie behind his back like a guilty child. Sherlock swooped in with a pleased smirk. Perhaps John needed less training than he’d anticipated, if he already knew to keep an eye on Anderson.
He was being ridiculous. Not every date could end with a breathless chase and the culprit’s dramatic death. He’d be happy with another chance to listen to Sherlock’s animated conversation while eating delicious food.
“Now, hang on,” John protested, “everything I’ve given you is something you can use easily enough on your own. That has nothing to do with me.”
Harry was twenty minutes late to their coffee date, which gave John just enough time to complete three Sudoku puzzles on his phone: two medium, one hard. It said something about their relationship that he was more annoyed at having his puzzle-solving streak interrupted when Harry finally arrived five minutes later, than he was at her being late in the first place.
"Effective," Sherlock agreed. "Maybe you should offer criminals massages instead of threatening them with your gun."
John continued his massage, Sherlock barely able to hear his scolding through the half-meditative state having John’s hands on his back always seemed to inspire. He was contemplating the idea of descending into his mind palace and using his current position as an opportunity for both a physical and a mental cleansing, when something about John’s words caught his attention.
Sherlock was abruptly yanked backwards and away from Hope’s flailing limbs. He watched until Hope went still, only aware that John’s hand had been pressed against the back of his neck where it was clenched in his coat collar after John let go to check Hope’s pulse.
Harry’s eyes narrowed at him, but she glanced away without speaking. Too exhausted from sleeping poorly to blow up at him, John thought. Best to follow her example and not dwell on it, then. Harry had made it as far as three months clean once before giving in, but the quickest way to make her lose her temper and ruin their tentative peace was to comment on her drinking.
They both broke down into breathless, gasping laughter. John was slumped on the floor next to the sofa, hunched over the cushions as he giggled into the fabric. Sherlock could feel the heat of his head soaking into Sherlock’s hip where it was pressed and had the sudden urge to run his hand through John’s sandy hair, to catch his attention and see the mirth suffusing his face. Mentioning criminals had triggered an associated desire to check his phone, but Sherlock decided that he was too relaxed to care. Any crimes interesting enough to tear him away from John in this moment would be too complicated for the police to solve on their own anyway.
Jefferson Hope had just rolled from the recovery position onto his back, discovering his feet were tied in the process. He stilled, eyes darting to John before fixing on Sherlock.
Despite his limp muscles, he managed to turn his head so he could see John out of the corner of his eye. John was flushed and slightly out of breath from the exertion, but obviously quite pleased with himself for the effect he’d had on Sherlock.
However, he found the literature on the nature of romantic relationships frustratingly imprecise, ranging anywhere from vague and patently untrue advice like “just be yourself” to point-by-point behavioral coaching tailored to achieve specific results. While the latter information was more helpful, and Sherlock bookmarked several interesting websites for later study, the nature of dating meant that there was nothing on how to indefinitely maintain a person’s romantic interest with the least modicum of effort necessary for the sake of impressing one’s family. Instead Sherlock threw himself into researching everything else and surfaced hours later with the realization that he was going to be late, something that his reading assured him was inadvisable on a first date.
“For god’s sake,” Mycroft finally snapped, turning back into the sitting room. “I will not have this conversation while fighting with a hair dryer. You have some idea why I’m here. Please give me the honor of your attention so we can both have done with this.”
The smile Sherlock was wearing at the doctor’s expense turned instantly into a scowl. Angelo winked and gestured with the bag until John accepted it.
“The government will seize that money. Your children will never see a cent. You’ve done all of this for
“Sorry, does it sting? It shouldn’t, but I haven’t ever used these myself, so I don’t know what it feels like. I thought it’d be worth trying anything that might reduce your recovery time and the amount of time you spend laid up bored on the sofa and shouting for me to do all of your menial tasks.”
The barley heat pack he’d almost rejected based solely on its ridiculous design, but it had lead him to explore the heat retention quality of grains in far greater detail since the abortive explosive flour experiment of a few years back and— Fine. Being tall meant frequently bending and crouching and leaning down to examine things. He’d grown used to ignoring the neck strain this sometimes caused, but John’s thoughtful gift meant he didn’t have to, and John was certainly pleased that Sherlock was purposely seeking out relief rather than brushing aside the concerns of his transport.
“The check, um...” John cleared his throat, not sure if Sherlock was listening. “You didn’t have to.”
Sherlock, ostensibly engrossed in an experiment testing the absorption rate of lung tissue with various liquids, didn’t respond. Despite hearing each of John’s footsteps as he walked over, he still startled when John, instead of calling out to get his attention, removed the heat pack and replaced it with his hands instead.
“Thank you,” Mycroft said, enough in control of his emotions that the words carried only a hint of sarcasm.
, Anderson. Go wait outside until you’re needed.” Sherlock closed the door on Anderson’s sputtering protests.
Several responses ran through Sherlock’s head. John was already skittish after the effusiveness of Angelo and Mrs. Hudson. The negative reactions of the Yarders would send him fleeing for cover and end their fledgling relationship before it could even start. As Sherlock was just considering how Doctor Watson might make a good assistant with proper training, this was unacceptable.
Sherlock stretched out again for the phone, and this time when John moved to give it up willingly he let his hand rest over the curve of John’s wrist instead of taking it.
What was the protocol for this situation? If Sherlock were a woman he’d know what to do, what words to say to defuse into a peck on the cheek to indicate interest in something long-term, a desire to wait and see what happened. Then again, if Sherlock were a woman would John be debating this right now?
John wouldn’t touch the body before the Met arrived. Frustrating but, fine, they would work up to it. He would cave if the official response was too slow and time of the essence, Sherlock was sure. And John would need practice to be Sherlock’s assistant. His diagnosis, half a foot from the bed, was suicide, which was
His voice cut off when he actually looked at what he was holding. Sherlock catalogued the pattern for a moment longer before standing and patting John’s jumper back into place.
John would get shirty if he came home to acid burns on the furniture and flooring and his shouting would inevitably rouse Mrs. Hudson, who would chide them again and take the money for repairs out of their rent, which would only make John yell more. Sherlock shook himself before the mental exercise of imagining the scenario could exhaust him, and went to find the ratty clean-up towels.
The thought gave him pause and he was turning it over in his head when Sherlock stopped abruptly in front of him and John ran into his back.
things to wear for a first date, thank you, John realized it had been the most pleasant meeting he’d had with his sister in a long, long time. Maybe it was the fact that he’d finally agreed to follow Harry’s advice about his love life, or the fact that they’d both been honest about their fears instead of growing defensive and snapping the way they always had in the past. Optimistically, John chose to chalk it up to both and went home to kill the remaining few hours before he’d need to get ready, buoyed even further when Sarah called to offer him the job and asked if he’d be able to come in the next day to fill out some paperwork.
John. Not romantically, of course, but the doctor had intrigued him. It was so rare to find someone with depths beyond what Sherlock could deduce in a single glance.
It was like talking about his love life had released pre-meltdown Harry from wherever she’d been hiding. Suddenly she was smirking a familiar mischievous smirk, one that had convinced several of his almost and barely-even girlfriends when he was younger to decide that maybe they preferred a female Watson to a male one.
Sherlock frowned at the box and took out the others from the kit. There was a selection of sizes and shapes available, but each box pictured a zoomed-in view of the plasters inside, all of them patterned with artistically-rendered yellow-and-brown-striped honeybees.
The thoughts and subsequent plan came in a flash, barely more than a few seconds outside the privacy of Sherlock’s head. Unfortunately those few seconds had been more than enough for his brain to outstrip his mouth, which had let loose with the automatic deductions he made on being pestered by the next blithering idiot, the kind that rarely inured him to anyone. He snapped his mouth shut before he could vocalize the man’s uncertain sexuality, but that was little comfort with everything else he’d already said.
John’s voice was long-suffering with exasperation. Sherlock cracked open an eye to glance at John and found him methodically rolling up his sleeves. Reassured, he closed his eyes and lowered his head.
With such a stellar track record he'd fully expected John to end their acquaintance the moment he was freed. Realistically, saving John was only meant to reassure Mummy and Mycroft that he wasn’t so incapable of normal human interaction as to get his date kidnapped and poisoned. A second date was extremely unlikely.
Sherlock bolted from the taxi before it had completely stopped, flinging bills into the open passenger door as he went. The cab that had taken John was vacant and dark, but he wasted a few seconds peering into the interior with his phone light for confirmation. John’s cane and the takeaway were abandoned in the backseat, and in the front- a pink mobile sitting by the driver’s seat.
“Excuse me.” He rapped on the divider to get the cabbie’s attention. “Where are you going? Look, if you’re trying to overcharge me...”
So when Sherlock finally swept in several minutes later, John was a bit of a nervous wreck and fully regretting how taking Harry’s advice had led to him sitting in a restaurant sweating like a barely-pubescent teenager on a first date.
“You’ve been able to do that this entire time,” Sherlock groaned into the sofa, astonished at how hoarse his voice sounded.
The mug in his hands tasted sweeter somehow, even though John had confirmed himself that he’d been making the same thing for Sherlock over the past several days. Maybe John had decided to add more honey now that he wasn’t trying to keep it a secret from Sherlock. He squinted in confusion at his tea and resolved to watch how John prepared it the next time he made Sherlock a cuppa.
Even the day before a comment from her on his blog would have evoked annoyance at what he’d view as a push for a phone call that would inevitably end in an argument.
“You told me anatomically correct human fabric was ‘morbid,’ and I extrapolated that anything decorated with guns would be as well, so tea it is. You’re nearly as obsessed with it as you are with bees.”
“Earlier today I texted this address to the phone of the last victim, which was missing from the scene, and that cab’s just stopped, nobody getting in or out.”
Mycroft straightened with a pleasant smile and made his way back to the sitting room door. He quirked an eyebrow and vanished around Mrs. Hudson as sound filtered back in and the world started moving again.
Jacket disposed of, John carefully undid the buttons at Sherlock’s shirt cuffs and hissed sympathetically when folding the sleeves back revealed bright pink, inflamed skin.
“Yes,” Mycroft actually appeared nauseated, “Father pointed out it would be… unfair of me to escape with the same excuse you could not use.”
. She’d made her point by asking him how he’d feel if taken to the cinema for what he thought was a case, only to be shown a movie instead, even if it was an IMAX about Jack the Ripper. He was increasingly glad he hadn’t picked Molly for this scheme as she was much cleverer than he’d given her credit for and he would be sorry to lose her assistance. Additionally, her crush had apparently given her insight into his character that might have foiled the ruse, insight that a stranger like John lacked.
“Oh, Christ,” John interrupted, “are you really still on about the bees? Let’s talk about your lack of self-preservation instincts instead, specifically your willingness to engage a bloke with a great big knife in a fistfight.”
John swallowed back his fury and walked over to the table, fingering one of the bottles as if he was contemplating actually taking a pill as he inched closer.
That, and John’s presence was surprisingly soothing, thumbing pages in the background as Sherlock blew up the picture from his mobile and tacked the printouts on the wall. After a few questions he faded easily into the background, and an assistant who knew when to shut up was worth any annoyance he’d experienced on their “date,” even that bit at the bank with Morstan.
“I can read your military service in your haircut and the way you hold yourself. You’re tan in the face, but not above the wrists. You’ve been abroad, but not for pleasure. Combined with your past career that means deployment overseas- Afghanistan, as you said yourself earlier. Army, but army
John clenched his jaw and glared at the little pills in their transparent bottles. Four people dead because some bloody unhinged bastard paid to have them killed.
As always, the first touch of John’s hands had him relaxing further into the cushions with a deep sigh.
was the result? The last thing he needed was to remind John of his uncertainties early in their relationship. The plan was to hook him with the Work, distracting him from the boring normalities of dating Sherlock couldn’t be bothered with,
John wasn’t the most scintillating of conversational partners, venturing guesses on the whos, whys, and hows that showed imagination with no particular reasoning ability and inevitably needed to be corrected, but Sherlock approved of his interest in The Work and his admiration for Sherlock’s deductive skills. He’d been assured by the Internet that first dates were an opportunity to “get to know one another,” and as he already knew everything of note about Doctor John Watson, late of the Royal Army Medical Corps, it made sense to talk about his own life instead. If he
She paused to turn the cup in her hands thoughtfully before setting it aside and looking up at him. For a second she wasn’t tired, bitter, struggling alcoholic Harry, but the older sister he’d known when they were children who’d always had advice for him when he’d needed it most. John stared in surprise and then—
“Of course not,” John scoffed. “You’d fill the flat with chemistry equipment and bits of dead people if you could get away with it.”
“No one says the name, and neither will I. It’s five times now I’ve played for what I wanted. Maybe God just loves me.”
Like electricity switching over to a backup generator following a power surge, John’s military instincts came online in a flickering rush. With the triggering of his fight-or-flight instincts his growing suspicions solidified into certainty.
Mycroft flinched. Had Sherlock not been watching out of the corner of his eye, he might have missed the miniscule twitch of facial muscles. Shocked, he plucked a different string than he’d originally intended and startled himself with the discordant note.
John sat back and gave Sherlock’s bare chest a thorough inspection, ignoring Sherlock’s raised eyebrow until he was satisfied there wasn’t any more damage. Then he began digging in the part of the kit containing bandages and wrappings.
, recently returned and interviewing for jobs. Sherlock’s eyes flicked to the cane again before re-examining the other man. Oh, interesting.
Sherlock swallowed down his correction with difficulty. No need to question a favorable reaction when it suited his purposes. Instead, he held out his empty hand.
He took one hand from the wheel, reaching down behind the divider where John couldn’t see, and when he lifted the hand again he was holding a gun.
Arthur’s mouth fell open and he gaped unattractively at Sherlock’s deductive spiel. The inappropriate pride John felt drowned out the self-doubt and insecurity from before, and the stab of confused envy at hearing his once-friend had a child.
His brother opened his mouth to reply and closed it, frustration creasing his eyebrows. Sherlock kept his face fixed in a scowl. Whatever it was, he was going to
“You sent one of your admirers to prison when you were at university, but sending Doctor Watson to his death is a bit much, wouldn’t you agree?
Sherlock was momentarily stymied, but he retrieved the luggage tag himself and brought it to his laptop, smacking Anderson’s hand away when he dared reach for it. John had been so impressed hearing about the cases and had followed without complaint despite his reservations. He would have been thrilled to see Sherlock’s deductions happen in real time and witness the conclusion of the case. Sherlock could have leveraged that enthusiasm in their relationship, but there would be other chances.
John thought about it as they crossed the lobby. Judging from her art skills he’d guess between three and seven, which meant she’d lost her mother very young. He stopped at the revolving doors, suddenly remembering that Arthur Morstan wasn’t the reason they’d come.
He coughed again, harder this time, raising a hand to his mouth as his head jerked with the force. Sherlock was on the cusp of ordering John to find some water—
He ventured a comment and answered Sherlock’s pointed question thinking guiltily that maybe he could help, but realized how misguided that was when Sherlock bellowed for silence. This was the consulting detective, not John’s date, and right now he was in the way, detracting from Sherlock’s brilliance. In fact, that was probably what the taxi was for. He’d summoned Angelo with John’s cane without him noticing. As soon as he realized the police needed him Sherlock had called a cab, knowing the date was over and making sure John could get home.
When he went to the bathroom, convinced there had to be some physical reason for the phantom touch he’d be able to identify with the aid of a mirror, he found that there was a honeybee stuck to his forehead.
The lip balm was extremely practical too considering the amount of time Sherlock spent out of doors on various errands, and unlike the heat pack it was portable and didn’t attract unwanted staring. Additionally, whenever John saw him apply it he’d smile and—
“Sherlock,” John sighed when he could breathe again. “You can’t make everything better with kisses.” The way his entire body was still angled in Sherlock’s direction belayed his words.
. Yes, that was it. The faint whiff he’d caught, persistent and lingering, was the sterile smell of antiseptic and bleach. Not just army, army
Hardly daring to move, Sherlock tilted his head up in a wordless demand. John’s flush grew deeper, but he didn’t release Sherlock’s hands which he was still holding. Glancing from  Sherlock’s eyes to his lips, he swallowed.
Without waiting for a response he picked up the heat pack and went into the kitchen. Sherlock, fingers flying over his mobile, heard the opening and closing of the microwave door as John replaced the pack for the next time Sherlock wanted it.
“So, let me get this straight. You’re saying that you,” John paused to wet his lips, “you’ve been using my gifts because
Sherlock let John’s cheerful babbling wash over him as he opened a spreadsheet on his computer and marked the favorable results in the relevant cells. John had noticed the depreciation in the jar with almost exactly one-fourth of the honey still remaining, which at the rate of their consumption was more than John’s professed “almost out,” but would allow plenty of time to order a new supply before the old was used up.
He plucked a smaller, bee-patterned cold pack from the freezer and shut the door. John opened it again.
“You’ve had a break in,” Sherlock prompted when the silence stretched too long, and John was spitefully pleased when Arthur flushed at the slight against his professionalism.
John turned a page with a jerky too-fast movement, clearly aware of Sherlock’s stare despite his attempt to appear otherwise. The paper rustled as he shook the contents back into alignment and his hands clenched on the edges of it, now chiding himself for overcompensating while Sherlock was watching. Still pretending to read, John reached for his empty mug and had raised it to his lips before he realized his mistake. With a loud, aggrieved sigh John put it back down. Sherlock smiled in triumph and closed his eyes as if he hadn’t been watching John the entire time. There was the crinkle of cheap newsprint as John closed the paper and set it aside, and then the creak of John’s chair and the dull thud of his footsteps on the rug.
He opened the microwave, shoved the heat pack in, and closed the door before hovering indecisively over the keypad. He could estimate the amount of time John had used previously, but having not been entirely attentive before he couldn’t deduce the exact amount and didn’t want to repeat the experiment without making sure to replicate all previous conditions.
Sherlock blinked in confusion at finding himself sprawled across the sofa on his belly and flipped himself over in a deft twist that kept his dressing gown from tangling up around him. He steepled his fingers together beneath his chin and stared unseeingly at the ceiling, certain that his favorite thinking position would help him find the answer.
“‘Sherlock Holmes,’” Harry read, and some of her enthusiasm faded. “That’s not a real name, surely. He didn’t just…?”
Even as his mouth opened and words spilled out Sherlock’s brain kept churning. The man’s eyes had dilated slightly the instant Sherlock had spoken, darting to his mouth before resettling on his eyes as dictated by societal politeness. But they didn’t remain there, roaming over the contours of his face, down his neck, back up to his mouth, only to return to his eyes.
The third time Sherlock used his heat pack in as many days John looked up from his laptop with a sigh.
Before Sherlock could come up with a response—useful, as Sherlock wasn’t sure he should say that it would be advantageous for John to be kidnapped at their meetings, provided the kidnapping was like this one in which John was never in any real danger, exercised his soldierly instincts, and satisfied his addiction to danger all while taking a serial murderer off the streets—there was a cough from the direction of the floor.
Sherlock moved further into the room to offer his hand, giving John a clear view of the man rising from behind the desk for the first time.
John walked into a large, empty classroom and turned to face his kidnapper for the first time. The cabbie came in after him, pulling the door shut.
“You’re always running around outside doing god-knows-what and neglecting to eat and rest, so your lips are probably constantly chapped.” He explained hurriedly. “It’ll also work as lotion in a pinch. Eczema seems inconvenient for detective work.”
Every action a study in grudging acquiescence, Sherlock put aside his experiment and threw himself across the sitting room and onto the sofa.
“So you really want me to…?” Suddenly unable to look Sherlock in the eye, John gestured at his still outstretched hands, but made no move to take them.
John growled again, lower in his throat this time, and stalked inside without a word, leaving Sherlock to trail after him into the flat. But despite his anger, John returned quickly with their medical kit clutched in white-knuckled hands.
“No, I mean, this is something you want?” John stared at him, eyes searching Sherlock’s face. “You think it’ll help?”
Lestrade looked pointedly at John, but retrieved his notebook. Good, back to business. They’d put this behind them and let it die an unremarked death. Sherlock handed John a pair of gloves. The DI ignored Donovan’s incredulity and gave a weary nod to go ahead, which was the least he owed Sherlock after what he’d done.
John smiled, small and bashful, and ducked his head over Sherlock’s hand to kiss the first of the plaster honeybees. The press of his lips was quick, hardly lingering before he moved on to the next plaster, but the warmth of the contact spread across Sherlock’s knuckles until his entire hand was tingling. John lifted his other hand to his lips and repeated the process until it too was flushed with heat.
John finished covering Sherlock’s burns with the honey bandages and loosely wrapped them with plain gauze to protect them and prevent the honey from smearing before removing his gloves.
, like putting on an old pair of shoes he’d forgotten about and then outgrown. The John Watson who’d smiled and very subtly flirted back had been him, but not the current him, just some echo of what he’d used to be that he’d worn like a mask. And how could he even think of dating when their first interaction had been him shamming as if he wasn’t a ghost walking around in the skin of a man?
Sherlock pressed his lips together to distribute the balm more evenly and saw John’s eyes dart to his mouth before a pleased smile spread across his own lips. He reminded himself to check later if the balm left a sheen on his lips, though he thought it felt much less greasy than other products.
Large, barely touched coffee table books on Chinese antiquities and famous palace gardens shared space with carefully pruned bonsai trees. The Chinese language newspapers and the stack of Mandarin-English dictionaries showed more use, and Sherlock smirked when he pulled the stub of a betting ticket from the entry for “园”. Gambling debts would explain why De Kleine was being threatened. Nothing in the fridge but Dutch pilsner. Bathroom almost as pristine as the kitchen. Clearly any time De Kleine had at home was spent with a watering can and a tiny pair of shears.
“Before you inevitably go haring off into the street,” he found whatever he was looking for and set it down triumphantly on the table next to Sherlock’s coffee, “here.”
Sherlock would have launched into his deductions from the bank—a threat in code delivered by someone unafraid of heights—and what he’d gleaned from the victim’s flat—smuggling Chinese antiquities judging from his area of expertise and the strangely-shaped impression in his luggage; he’d bungled a job, or taken more than his share hence the threat, refused to confess, and goaded his blackmailer into violence—but he was distracted by Lestrade’s incongruous body language, hyperaware after the unpleasant revelations at the bank.
He’d already seen how brusque the detective became when he was focusing, issuing orders and snapping for silence. It was clear his job meant everything by how he talked about it, proud of his ability to solve puzzles no one else could. And John understood bragging to a date, though he’d usually been the culprit instead of the recipient. It was… charming, actually, knowing Sherlock wanted to tell him things, had seen John’s interest and planned to include him.
Not sure if he was more annoyed with her for talking him into this mad situation, or himself for falling for it, John clenched his hand over the handle of his cane but didn’t get up.
Mrs. Hudson popped out of the flat at the sound of the door closing, her mouth snapping shut when she noticed John and the way Sherlock had one arm curved around the man’s back.
Had this been Sherlock’s fault somehow? Had his pleased reception of John’s bee-decorated heating pack at his birthday unleashed the floodgates on a hitherto unknown bee-themed gift-giving mania?
, Sherlock— He only needed to turn his head to read the entire story from John’s face. That was worse, somehow, than being made to feel like this again, Sherlock witnessing his reunion with someone who barely remembered him. This proved anything John did was futile because Sherlock would look at him and know it had been a mistake—
Apparently Sherlock paid homeless people throughout London to spy for him. John asked if he used carrier pigeons too, and found himself in a serious conversation about the merits of various professions as informants, sure he’d never look at postal workers or lorry drivers the same way again. As John polished off his sandwich Sherlock finished a monologue about busking and fell silent, long fingers playing with his untouched water glass.
For one blissful second he was alone, and then everyone started breathing again and the silence was ruined, but the one second had been enough. Clever Jennifer Wilson, planting the phone on her murderer, using her blood to leave a clue to locate him. ‘Rachel’ hadn’t been a
The pop of the cap coming off the tube of lip balm was loud in the quiet of Lestrade’s closed office. Lestrade looked up in tired confusion as Sherlock applied the balm and secreted the tube back inside his coat pocket, never taking his eyes from the blown-up photographs spread across the DI’s desk.
The young man he'd sent to prison had been furious, and he'd only wanted to fuck Sherlock, probably just the once. Sherlock had been uninterested, content to ignore him until he'd joined a scheme selling test questions, whereupon one comment from Sherlock before witnesses had accomplished what weeks of disregard hadn't and turned him from an object of lust to one of hatred.
He was drowning in amazement all over again at the realization that not only had Sherlock taken him on a fantastic date, he’d also cured John’s limp at the same time, when Angelo winked and John remembered he was standing on Sherlock’s front step undecided on how to end the date without losing Sherlock’s interest or getting himself into more than he could handle.
The criminals Sherlock reduced to the state Jefferson Hope was currently in called him any number of things, but they were usually cursing his intelligence, not spurning it. Sherlock frowned.
. The two situations were hardly analogous. Jennifer Wilson had been clever with her serial affairs, she would have been clever in this as well. What had the message
He thought he’d been getting better lately at identifying those moments when he most needed to treat John’s concerns seriously instead of brushing them aside as things that would only slow him down. In this case, it didn’t take a genius to read the weight of caring written across every inch of John’s face, but Sherlock would not lie to him. John deserved his honesty, even if he might not like the answer he received.
This time John was too happy to be anything but amused that Harry had been waiting for some hint over how the date had gone. He clicked the link to reply, typed in “Show me how to put pictures in tomorrow, yeah?” and logged off.
With a grunt of effort, Sherlock rolled himself over until he lay on his back. He steepled his fingers beneath his chin in mock-thought, lips twitching when John let out a loud snort.
Sherlock didn’t reply, air escaping his teeth in a hiss when John’s unerring aim located a knot and started working away at it. After it was gone John switched to drawing gentle circles over the surface of Sherlock’s back to soothe the sting.
“Your dedication in replacing all of the plasters in your kit with children’s honeybee plasters suggests otherwise.”
“It’s fine.” Though he continued writing, part of Sherlock paused at the disappointment that flashed over John’s face.
And when he had what he wanted it would be simple enough to scare off his “boyfriend.” It was all there in his stance, the way he gripped his cane, the measuring of their heights. This was a man used to making the first move, to heterosexual relationships where the male had the more traditional gender role. He’d approached first, but it wasn’t enough to assuage his worries over the foreign process of pulling a man, especially one like Sherlock whose height and angular features weren’t feminine in the least. After he’d rubbed Mycroft’s smug fat face in his success all he need do was increase the pace, push more than the doctor was comfortable with, and he’d break it off himself, with no blame on Sherlock’s part.
As with each of the previous fourteen times, John’s mouth quirked into a brief smile, his tongue darted out over his lips, and then he took a sip of his tea and glanced down at the photos as if nothing had happened. He hadn’t licked his lips that very first time on giving Sherlock the balm, but it had become a standard feature of his behavior since.
it, my blood pressure would really appreciate it,” John growled as he unlocked their sitting room door.
It was on the tip of Sherlock’s tongue to pull away and reproach John for invalidating his test results, part of his concentration still on the soaking lung tissue, but he hadn’t actually. In fact, he was currently going above and beyond in confirming the first part of Sherlock’s hypothesis for the other experiment he was conducting, one that didn’t involve lungs.
“Mycroft,” he finally acknowledged, still applying even heat to the forearm in front of him as he turned to glower at his unwelcome relation.
Though the words he needed to get to the bottom of John’s current fascination with bees sat prepared and ready on Sherlock’s tongue, he couldn’t manage to make his mouth open and say them. He realized suddenly how close John’s face was to his own and how very earnest and blue John’s eyes were. His earlier anger had completely evaporated while taking care of Sherlock, the smile he wore and the lack of bite to his words making it clear he wasn’t really complaining.
John laughed and held up the gun, pointing it at the window as he pulled the trigger. A little flame popped out of the end.
“Really?” John cursed himself for not knowing the proper way to react. “That’s, er, great. Isn’t it?”
John groaned and scrubbed a hand over his face. Trust Harry to go and ruin what had honestly felt like a bit of a moment between them.
Sherlock grunted what could have been agreement or what could have been a florid deprecation about Mycroft’s metabolic rate into the cushion. Mycroft left without another word.
Sherlock was going to have to keep an eye on him in future. It couldn’t be healthy for John to be enslaved by another of his preposterous neuroses. He might need Sherlock’s help to snap him out of it.
Mycroft stared at him a moment. Sherlock dropped back onto the sofa as petulantly as he could with only a few centimeters’ distance to work with.
Out came a bit of plain white packing paper, beneath which laid a lumpy object in a rather vibrant shade of yellow. Sherlock lifted it out, aghast. It appeared to be covered in little cartoon bees weaving stitch-mark trails behind them. It was also heavier than expected, shifting as he held it, and smelled faintly of lavender.
“It’s the biggest case the Met has on at the moment. Not hard to guess you’d heard of it. Finding the fourth body after the press conference has the media in an uproar.”
“John,” Sherlock greeted, draping his coat over the back of his chair. He unbuttoned his suit jacket before sitting down, revealing a tight purple shirt nearly on the verge of indecency.
Any insecurity in John instantly disappeared and he was as proud as if Sherlock had just accepted the gift all over again.
, that was harder to identify. It was the smell that narrowed down your current occupation. Few things linger like the sterility of the medical or laboratory industries, but the scent is fainter on you and carries no hint of latex. Your hands are weathered, but not dry the way constant exposure to hand sanitizer and repetitive scrubbing with strong soap causes. Several days ago you made a visit to a hospital or surgery, not long enough for a full shift. Ergo, job interview.”
Sherlock raised his head to glare balefully at his brother. Stronger words were clearly necessary to get Mycroft to
brand of self-consciousness until Angelo had ruined everything. Huffing, he opened the door wide and ushered John in with a hand on the small of his back.
“That was—” John gasped after they’d outrun the police— “absolutely ridiculous. The most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done.”
John realized his jaw was hanging open and picked it back up off the table. This was supposed to be a first date. Gaping in shock might have worked earlier, but he needed to start putting in a little more work if he wanted to hold the attention of a bloke like Sherlock.
, always doing the same thing and claiming their product was special. It was just writing, why was there so
“So,” Harry sighed, interrupting his melancholy thoughts, “now that we’ve established my love life is DOA, let’s talk about yours, baby brother.”
to everyone who's left me comments expressing interest, especially those of you following for future updates.
John opened his mouth and closed it without having said anything. Talking to Harry was marginally better than talking to his therapist, but several months’ worth of strained conversations with his sister hadn’t made either of them better at expressing themselves.
De Kleine was as exacting with his calendar as he was with his pruning. The day the message had been left at the bank he’d visited an address in Chinatown, a recurring appointment that fell whenever he returned from overseas. John trailing eagerly, they left the crime scene, though not before Sherlock overheard Donovan hiss “You
After mopping up the spilled chemicals and sweeping up the glass, Sherlock took off his safety goggles and made to remove his gloves before realizing that the thin trickle of fluid on his left hand was blood, not a chemical stain. His safety gloves were chemical resistant, but apparently hadn’t been thick enough to protect him from the shard of glass that was sticking out of his glove from where it had lodged in his hand.
“No, that lead was a long shot anyway. I live at two twenty-one and I need to go back over the case. That, and I have a point to make.”
“Er, well, it’s a bit over my head really. You said you could identify a person’s profession from details like their clothes or hands, and I’d have been doubtful if not for all those things you somehow knew about me.”
Sherlock was about to stand anyway and put an end to the issue through physical distance, but John was leaning in close to him again, tongue peeking out of the corner of his mouth as he laid a plaster over the cut.
I promise when I started this I was only thinking "How great would it be if Sherlock was crap at even pretend dating and John was STILL perfect for him?"
“Shot in the dark. Good one, though. You’ve only been back in London for a few months, not long enough to need your yearly physical. You don’t show signs of having been sick, and your shoulder hasn’t been paining you. The therapy appointments are inconvenient enough. Doubtful you’d visit anywhere that reminds you of your injury without cause. If the visit wasn’t personal in nature then it was for professional reasons.”
John bustled back into the sitting room, steaming mug of tea in one hand and a plate of toast in another.
On screen a map began zooming in on the current location of the phone. Sherlock frowned as he realized it was moving, snapping instructions at Lestrade to ready for pursuit. They might just catch it. It was close, currently traveling down Baker Street—
Detective. The police consult me when out of their depth. I invented the job, so I’m the only one in the world.”
“I’m not- I’m not sure exactly,” Andy Galbraith said as he looked at Sherlock’s mobile. “I don’t know as much about calligraphy as Soo Lin— That’s Soo Lin Yao, my coworker who quit unexpectedly. She’d really know more about this than I would.”
“Since University you have shown a distinct trend towards eschewing all forms of meaningful human contact. At the time of your lapse it was understandable, but now that your personal and professional lives have stabilized Mummy thinks it is high time for you to make an attempt.”
He had to know. A man who could read John’s military career in his haircut and his tan lines, and his therapist from his limp must have deduced his sexual identity crisis, but he’d agreed to a date anyway. He’d probably seen John’s embarrassment after Angelo and Mrs. Hudson and taken pity on him. John was ashamed.
If Mrs. Hudson was going to have a heart attack from over-excitement, in a flat surrounded by police officers was the time to do so. She gripped his arm briefly in passing, but didn’t try to stop him. Sherlock ignored Lestrade’s furious protests as he galloped down the stairs, mobile already in hand to track Jennifer Wilson’s phone.
Thankfully John had more sense than to mention to Lestrade that Sherlock had borrowed one of his badges.
“John, I mean. I’ve never seen you as concerned over anyone as you were over him. He must mean a lot to you as a… friend.”
you had something for Arthur, that bloke you were friends with second year Uni. No one has a falling-out of that magnitude without there being more than friendship involved. Oh, and your commanding officer, Shorto or something? Maybe you two weren’t actually anything, but, Johnny, you should have
They stayed another hour, Harry insisting they needed to “strategize”—which mostly consisted of the two of them taking turns looking at the website Sherlock’s email linked to on John’s mobile, and John attempting to explain, when Harry asked, that being “deduced” hadn’t felt weird at all, quite the contrary actually.
Instantly Sherlock snapped to attention, eyes darting from John’s face to where he was rummaging in the medical kit. He tensed, remembering what he’d been doing when Lestrade called with a case. The gauze had been binned, but Sherlock had meant to return to the problem of John and bees as soon as the case was finished.
What was the first thing Sherlock had said to him? That he worked unpredictable hours and might not always be available.
“I know about your current profession, your army career and the circumstances that made you leave the service, and your inept therapist’s diagnosis of your psychosomatic limp. That’s enough to go on a blind date, don’t you think? Now- must dash. I need to see a woman about an arm.”
“Fine,” Mycroft sighed. “If you will not acknowledge Mummy’s wishes, I’ve been instructed to cut off access to your account.”
It would be easy, really. In fact, Sherlock could treat it as a new experiment. He’d never tried to hold another person’s attentions for longer than a few days. It would be a matter of weeks, maybe a few months, before Mummy was convinced and so pleased with his supposed romance that she had Mycroft sign over the financial independence Sherlock needed to continue The Work.
John sighed and Sherlock finally spared him a glance knowing they would be on the topic some moments longer before John would give his professional opinion.
Sherlock paused in his note-taking when the downstairs door opened, waiting for Mrs. Hudson to enter her flat before picking up his purloined hair dryer. Instead of Mrs. Hudson’s softer tread shuffling into her rooms, equally familiar but less welcome footsteps started up the stairs to the second floor landing. Sherlock scowled and thumbed on the hair dryer, unwilling to listen to his brother’s lumbering steps in the misguided but ever optimistic hope that ignoring Mycroft would make him more likely to bugger off.
All of John’s presents were simple and served a set purpose, specifically one aimed at promoting Sherlock’s health. He’d accepted and made use of them, each a small improvement on his life, though of course not in any way he was unable to live without. Yet there was some other reason at work beyond straightforward utility or a sense of minor indulgence. John’s words bothered him because, as he frequently did during Sherlock’s casework, he’d unwittingly revealed an inconsistency.
“Really, John. Another heating pack! This one covers a limited surface area and I have to wait for the microwave whenever it loses heat. Both of those problems could be remedied if I had a spare.”
“Try taking it easy—easier for once, yeah? It’d be a shame to have to redo all the work I just did on your back.”
John’s hands moved from the base of his neck up into his hair, then slid forward to gently rub at his temples. Sherlock let his eyes fall closed, utterly uncaring that he’d have to redo his experiment.
John, who’d been hovering in the corner as the forensics team muddled about, looked up and said “What about the book that bloke just bagged? It looks like an appointment book.”
“You worked out the layout and eliminated the people who couldn’t see it from their desks?” That explained what he’d been doing while John stared at the Chairman's portrait, but not why he’d needed him to face the other way.
“I’ve learned from multiple failed attempts that it’s pointless trying to soothe your feelings when you’re like this. I’m merely stating fact.”
He stood and collected his umbrella from the stand by the door, pausing on the landing to look at Sherlock over his shoulder.
There was one new comment. Harry had replied with a single exclamation point and a moving picture of Kermit the frog waving his arms back and forth in excitement.
His eyes were shining with pleased surprise, not anger, and the grin that stretched his lips transformed his entire face from his previous hesitation. Sherlock felt a little flush in his chest at the way everything had suddenly fixed itself.
John accepted the cup and took a sip, hiding his grimace of distaste with practiced ease. The coffee was still too sweet, though nowhere near as cloying as it had been when they’d first started their sibling get-togethers. Proof positive that Harry
After his brother’s tread had faded from the stairs and the downstairs door had opened and shut again Sherlock growled angrily into the sofa. Damn Mycroft! He’d completely missed the peak minutes of optimum heat and would have to microwave it again.
“Army doctor, recently home from service in Afghanistan. You’ve a cane, but the injury that invalided you out and ended your career wasn’t in your leg. Intermittent tremors in your left hand suggest a wound to your shoulder. The original injury must have been traumatic—wounded in action, then—so the limp that troubles you when you walk is at least partly psychosomatic. It’s certainly not bothering you now. When you’re standing you forget it’s supposed to be there. Your therapist’s concerned, but she’ll be pleased to hear about the interviews. GP, unless I miss my guess. The tremors are evidence of nerve damage; no hospital would hire you as a surgeon in your condition.”
Royal jelly and propolis, read the tube, along with various plant oils and peppermint for flavoring.
, Sherlock. They’re not just convenient cold packs, they can be eaten. The only thing in here is barley packs and—” He squinted at several tupperware containers before slamming the door. “And things that really shouldn’t be eaten. What happened to that stew Mrs. Hudson gave us? I was saving that—”
Cheap aftershave—there was the same bit of stubble on the left side of his jaw he’d consistently missed since his divorce—and stale coffee, danish for breakfast—crumbs on his shirt collar and the corner of his mouth. No hint of Mycroft’s expensive cologne, preferred soap, or diesel car exhaust. He’d never consent to an assignation at Lestrade’s flat, and he’d be the sort to attempt genteel negotiations the morning after during a shared breakfast— It was over already. His brother
He fiddled with the packaging and ended up holding something that looked like bandaging in a suspicious shade of golden-brown.
He blinked, about to tell John that his suggestion was hardly conducive, but Mrs. Hudson interrupted by appearing in the sitting room doorway.
“An absent phone and a wound on the wrong side doesn’t prove he didn’t kill himself when he realized his creditors were after him.”
When John finally arrived home he was stuffed to the gills with dim sum and too flushed to even think about sleep, despite having planned to go to the surgery early the next morning. He reached for his laptop in a flash of sudden inspiration and logged onto his blog, clicking through until he’d opened a new entry. Impulsively he typed in “Today I had a date.” and hit publish, refreshing his browser with smug satisfaction that maybe this would convince Ella he was finally moving on with his life and get her off his back.
There was laughter in his voice. The hand on Sherlock’s back stopped pressing down and began stroking between his shoulder blades. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but allowed his body to go limp again.
Hope’s eyes were glazed; he was having trouble focusing. Sherlock shook him hard, pressing in until their foreheads nearly touched.
“Blood pressure control,” John agreed. “And sometimes for migraines. I’d need more information to go on.”
John always identified usage within seconds of encountering Sherlock, up to an average of 34.62 minutes after prior application. Despite that the balm was barely noticeable even with ideal lighting conditions, six of those previous times had been under harsh fluorescent lighting similar to that at New Scotland Yard.
The kiss lasted barely longer than the ones John had pressed to his knuckles, and John pulled away far too soon to fix whatever was now wrong with Sherlock.
“Goodness, Sherlock,” his voice held more sarcasm than the real Mycroft allowed himself, “whatever will Mummy say about this?”
The driver confirmed that he was waiting for Sherlock. John nodded and got in, giving his address and answering whatever the cabbie said in reply with a vague hum. He was loath to call the date a mistake because he’d had such a good time, but he hadn’t been fair to Sherlock.
John ignored the insult to his looks as the cabbie continued babbling, trepidation curdling low in his gut.
John’s impression of Sherlock was halfhearted at best, but the warmth in his face made it obvious Sherlock was in on the joke, not the target of it. Sherlock could see the scene from John’s perspective: The non sequitur of a mad dash after a cab containing a pop-eyed Californian rather than a cold-blooded serial poisoner.
“Arrest the building manager, and there won’t be a fire tomorrow. It’s a simple as that. Also, you’ll want to question the arson investigator in charge of this case. He’s being paid off to do less than adequate work.”
Sherlock glared at Donovan, impatient. This was usually the point Lestrade stepped in to separate them and told him to stop antagonizing his team and get on with it, but the DI was looking in the direction of the body and not paying attention. Donovan noticed the lack of backup and jabbed Lestrade with her elbow.
, as if he’d needed further proof he was right when for the first time in over two decades he wanted desperately to be
He paced around the desk as he spoke, forcing Arthur to turn like a swimmer watching a circling shark.
There was an unfamiliar jar stored beside their tea things, a more familiar logo emblazoned across it. Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the jar. Honey, of course, judging from the color and consistency, it being housed with the tea, and John’s newfound obsession with honeybee-related products from the online store Molly Hooper had irresponsibly helped him locate. The lack of crystallization meant that this was a recent addition to the flat, and Sherlock tried to remember the number of times in the past week John had made him tea with honey instead of sugar, or gave him buttered toast with honey when Sherlock admitted under duress he’d yet to eat that day.
“Fine,” John said eventually and let go of Sherlock’s shirt. “You win this time, you mad wanker. Now let me look at your cheek.”
He reached into a pocket and emerged with a small clear bottle, a single pill rattling inside. John tensed when he came forward to set the bottle on a table, watched as he pulled out another seemingly-identical bottle and placed it next to the first.
Before John could begin babbling in earnest, Sherlock removed the strip of tape keeping the tube sealed and twisted off the cap to apply it to his mouth. The balm felt soothing against his skin, which was admittedly a little wind burnt, though not to a degree he couldn’t ignore it easily.
Sherlock slammed through the flat and whirled into the kitchen, startling John into nearly dropping the kettle and spilling boiling water on himself.
“Sit down before you fall down,” John commanded, herding Sherlock up the stairs and into their flat with his usual bossiness.
“Tender,” Sherlock corrected, but the way he winced when John found a particularly sensitive spot gave him away.
There was a hint of a laugh in John’s voice, but Sherlock didn’t even need to flip through his mental catalogue of observations about John to hear the laughter mingled with fond exasperation. Despite that his neck was now exposed to the cold air of the abandoned building, for some reason the sound of John’s amusement sunk like heat into his skin, warming him as if the heat pack had never lost its ideal temperature to another gray London evening and still rested over his neck.
. It’s your gift to do with as you like I suppose. Only use it for its intended purpose at least once before destroying it, yeah?”
” Hope finally screamed, throwing off Sherlock’s hold as he started writhing, clawing at his own throat and chest in agony.
“Yes well,” Sherlock said briskly to discourage any prying questions, “I’m not exactly flush with friends, am I? Are we done here?"
Sherlock led him into the expansive lobby of a bank and up an escalator, darting to speak to the woman at the front desk while John stared in awe at all the glass and chrome, then beckoned him impatiently.
“Nonsense.” He finished whatever he was doing and pocketed it. “I might not have caught Hope if it hadn’t been for you. Your assistance was invaluable. It’s the least I can do.”
Sherlock immediately began considering situations in which John would need his hands free while Sherlock laid down, finally selecting the most likely and lowering himself to his stomach on the sofa.
Sadly, any hope that Mycroft thought Sherlock had made the purchase himself and would subsequently leave in distressed regret over all of the meddling he’d done in Sherlock’s life was immediately crushed.
It had taken John only three days to notice that Sherlock was apparently having trouble with his neck—less if Sherlock included the pinched look John had worn the previous day for an hour or so after Sherlock put the heat pack away.
He chuckled in return and John smiled at him, blue eyes bright with amusement and adrenaline. This was not at all what he’d expected on agreeing to a date hours previous. He withdrew his mobile and began composing a text.
Exactly two minutes, forty-five seconds later he emerged in dressing gown and pajamas just as the microwave announced the readiness of his heat pack with a sharp ding. John came over holding a mug of tea out with one hand as Sherlock was settling it across his shoulders. Pleased, Sherlock made to take it from him and frowned when John immediately pulled it out of reach.
“But that’s how dating works, Sherlock. You talk about things with each other. Likes, dislikes.” She trailed off at his expression, eyes darting nervously around the morgue. “Um. Interesting corpses, maybe. He’s a doctor, you said?
Without asking, John reached over and plucked the heat pack from where Sherlock had draped it around his neck. His disapproving frown over John interfering in his experiment was summarily ignored as John felt for any remaining heat and raised his eyebrow when he found none.
“I wanted to wait until after I ordered.” He managed to drag his eyes away from Sherlock’s chest. Then: “Hang on, how did you know my name?”
Harry answered him with a small smile and squeezed his hand, both of them pretending for a few seconds that they had something stuck in their eyes.
“What’s dreadful is this blanket. As if you haven’t seen worse deaths over the course of your career.”
Sherlock licked his lips, suddenly nervous. As he normally did, John had accepted his conclusions easily enough, taking the results of Sherlock’s experiments for granted even though he hadn’t been detailed on the experiment parameters or the controls. But telling John something was one thing, and asking him was another. Usually Sherlock ordered, firm in his knowledge of what John would and wouldn’t do on command. He didn’t often make requests unsure of John’s response.
Sherlock barely resisted the urge to fling himself upright and into violent pacing of the sitting room floor, clenching his hands in the upholstery of the sofa instead.
Sherlock treats Molly absolutely abysmally and she doesn't deserve it, so I made her the Love Guru as cosmic comeuppance.
Harry frowned down at the address, but before she could say anything the phone vibrated and she nearly dropped it in surprise.
If they weren't there by then Sherlock would call them himself; Lestrade would deserve the verbal evisceration.
“It- Just looks like graffiti to me, but there’s a hole in our security somewhere. Every door in the bank is logged in the system, and none of them opened the night of the break in. I’ll show you Sir William’s office in a moment, but here, you can see the security footage.”
Sherlock’s grasp on the morality of lying was dubious at best. For the Work he had, and did, use every tool he possessed to gather the clues he needed for his deductions. Before John this had never bothered him overmuch, but gaining a friend had taught him that sometimes it was necessary to obey and respect the unspoken line in the sand, not step over as he so often did. He’d never have John’s morality—that quality that so frequently ruined his attempts at lying because John legitimately felt bad about misleading others, distressed or not, and frequently sabotaged himself with his guilt. But Sherlock had come to recognize that honesty was as important a tool, if not more so, than lying, especially when it came to John Watson.
John faced forward again, glad he didn’t have to see Arthur without Sherlock there as buffer. From this close the paint looked like something from the walls of the Tate Modern, one long seemingly continuous line that doubled back on itself several times and was further obscured by the drip trails from the wet paint.
The situation with the army doctor was ideal, and Sherlock intended to make the most of it. He set to researching first date and dating etiquette in the cab and nearly threw his phone in furious affront when the first autosuggestion for his search query was “Captain John Watson.”
Louder behind him, the sound of a new voice. John had finally arrived. Sherlock didn’t raise his head, only waited for John to join him by the body.
“A few centimeters higher and you would’ve had one hell of a shiner. As it is, this is a very spectacular bruise.” He ran a thumb over the mark, probing carefully at the bone beneath. “Ice it no more than twenty minutes every hour, and take a couple paracetamol for the pain.”
“If the weather had been colder your bloody dramatic coat would have saved your suit and your arms. You’re going to have to wear something less fitted until you heal to avoid irritating your skin.”
Some of the confidence with which John had presented the lip balm faded. He was obviously uncertain of Sherlock’s reception of his gift from the way he’d begun to nervously fidget with his coffee cup.
He kept forgetting this was supposed to be a date for John, but it seemed he needn’t worry. The other man looked positively keen, and Sherlock didn’t even have a killer for him to run down yet. He glanced at his mobile again and started a new text. John’s input was minimal, but he was pleased simply being involved, and Sherlock could use that.
resemble the bank message, if one made allowances for the spray paint’s lack of line variation. Having John stand in the Chairman’s office had been an excellent decision.
Worse than the knowledge of how unobservant he’d been, worse even than the fear of what the real Mycroft would say, and their parents after Mycroft opened his gargantuan mouth, was the fact that’d he’d
“Then I’ll just have to become a consulting masseuse. The only one in the world after I invent the profession.”
“John,” Sherlock flexed his hand and watched the cheerful honeybees ripple with the movement, “with that said I have… a request, if you will.”
“All right,” John agreed, keeping his voice as bland as possible and hiding his expression behind another sip of his too-sweet coffee.
“I knew that was too good to last,” John muttered as he stood up, very little heat behind his words. “Alright, where is it?”
Hope could drink to clear his airway and prime him for questioning—when Hope stopped coughing, hand falling away to reveal a sickly grin.
“Excuse me,” John raised his voice before Sherlock could plan their next move. “This painting here-”
Sherlock put all of the plaster boxes back in the kit where he’d found them and reached for a pad of sterile gauze instead. He’d apply pressure to the cut and determine the reasoning behind John’s behavior while he waited for the bleeding to stop.
Peeved at the continued interruption, Sherlock looked up. Shorter blond man, blue eyes, nervous expression, hand clenched around the handle of his cane. Sherlock took in the details automatically, deductions spiralling off from what he observed. The information slotted into place easily except—He was missing something. What was it?
His voice held the note of exasperation that meant this was not the first time he’d asked. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“I thought this would be a simple request considering your interest in alternative remedies where I’m concerned.”
Sherlock had thought John’s newfound interest in bees and bee-related products somewhat strange, but not unduly worrying. But four times now wasn’t a coincidence, it was a very clear pattern. John was
again—and that everyone’s focus was back on the case. But he was distracted from finding the recipient of the message in the Chairman's office by the realization that the others hadn’t shelved their interpersonal drama. The likeliest result of leaving them alone together didn’t bear thinking about. It was lucky that John was so biddable, and they managed to escape without any emotionally-fraught confrontations.
And, to add to Sherlock’s overall satisfaction at the turn of events, the doctor did. Sherlock took it, doubly pleased at finding his guess about the brother confirmed by the inscription on the back, and quickly tapped in his number.
A problem like this called for nicotine patches, but Sherlock was unwilling to get up now that he’d settled down. Instead he began reviewing each gift as they’d been given to him, his reception of them, and John’s subsequent reactions.
Sherlock was impatient for the whole thing to be over so he could start looking into the shadowy figure of Moriarty, and because Sally Donovan had been deputized to take John’s statement after he was cleared. As Sally was the most likely person on the force to warn John away—Anderson being too idiotic to form a compelling argument—he was eager to separate them before any damage was done.
The box had been wrapped with precise military corners in Mrs. Hudson’s leftover Christmas wrapper from the past holiday what looked to be only a few days ago, judging from the lack of accumulated dust and still-clear cellotape. Sherlock reached out to lift the package and give it a shake to determine the contents, but John smacked his hands away.
The man she’d selected looked up from his mobile seconds before the barista appeared and swiped for his drink before she could call his name.
He moved automatically to the kettle and was already taking down a second mug when Sherlock murmured affirmation. Shortly after, a steaming mug of tea appeared at his elbow, and Sherlock reached for it with a contented smile. Somehow, though Sherlock was well aware of how to make tea no matter how John complained, when he did it never tasted the same as the tea made by Mrs. Hudson or John.
“Ah. You weren’t his first choice. He brought you in after the financial crisis—wanted new blood to assure the shareholders something was being done. You’re competent and well-liked, but you weren’t always so careful and you know you can’t afford that now, don’t want him to remember it was supposed to be a temporary position. What did they leave? You contacted me instead of the police so the nature of the object isn’t as alarming as its presence.”
Lestrade looked cautiously optimistic. Sherlock stared. For all his remarks to the contrary Lestrade was reasonably intelligent. It seemed he’d considered the events of the evening and come up with something resembling the truth.
He only needed to figure out the meaning behind the cryptic bank message. Knowing why De Kleine had been targeted would make it easier to find who’d killed him. Sherlock glanced at where John sat at the desk, highlighter in one hand as he squinted at a passage. Even with Galbraith’s information Chinese calligraphy was decidedly not his area. Maybe after John left for the night he’d follow up on the leads the doctor was less suited to assist with.
John swallowed and turned his hand over to thread his fingers through hers. He could see the confident Harry of the past overlaid with the older, pained Harry of the present. It struck him suddenly that what his sister really needed was for those two versions to merge, wiser after everything she’d been through.
the danger, was eager to experience it vicariously through Sherlock. He re-ordered the probabilities in his head to find the data suggested a surprising conclusion.
Finally, after Sherlock’s entire body had been reduced to the consistency of overcooked pasta, John stopped.
Entire universes were born and died in the seconds between John opening his mouth and Arthur’s realization of who was standing in his corner office. In the time it took Arthur to recognize him—a bitter sting when John had known him on sight—he felt himself flung back across the gulf of years between them, pain fresh and raw as if the wound wasn’t over a decade old. Arthur’s eyes flicked from John to Sherlock, assessing their relationship and,
A waspish retort died on his tongue, because John wasn’t wrong. Compared against the pictures on his mobile, the brushstrokes of the reproduction
It took several seconds for Lestrade to respond, too busy scribbling everything Sherlock had just said across a notepad.
Instantly Sherlock had waved the waiter over, handed him a too-large bill before John could protest, and shrugged into his coat.
With precise movements Sherlock tied off the scarf and tucked the trailing ends into his coat. He glanced at the cheerful yellow of the heat pack in John’s hands, the color brilliant in the rundown room, then returned his attention to the body.
. Sherlock had seen it in his body language from the other side of the window before he’d even entered. He was clearly comparing his past experiences in heterosexual dating against dating another man. Tedious.
Sherlock frowned at him, but worked a finger under the closest taped edge anyway, neatly prying beneath the folds until he’d exposed the plain cardboard box underneath without tearing the paper. The cardboard was fresh, no identifying logos printed on the surface, and had already been opened by John to check the contents—John cleared his throat and Sherlock rolled his eyes, reaching in to lift the flaps.
with him while Jefferson Hope’s corpse cooled on the floor beside them. Sherlock had never believed in fate or destiny or any other nonsense, but John was
His voice was too loud. Remembering what had happened with the police, he pasted a smile on his face and straightened his shoulders. Arthur could read whatever he wanted into that and did, eyes widening to look Sherlock over with too much intensity to be polite.
to maintain a relationship with a dull doctor going through a sexual identity crisis, at least the man in question appreciated Sherlock’s Work.
“Even if osmosis worked like that,”Sherlock said dryly, “it would take more than a few teaspoons a day to make me fill out the Met’s insipid paperwork willingly.”
“Angelo’s, seven o’clock, and then an address,” John reported. He looked at Harry in astonishment. “Apparently I have a date tonight.”
Sherlock shook his head in the negative and made to stand, but John suddenly clapped a hand on his shoulder to prevent him from rising.
Sherlock slumped further into the sofa, barely aware of John hurriedly catching his tea mug and placing it on the coffee table.
John grew silent but his presence remained at Sherlock’s back. Had he realized? Sherlock resisted the urge to look, lest he make John even more self-conscious, and clenched his hand around his phone. Time for his text to reach Angelo plus the current activity level of the restaurant at this hour on a weekday night versus his and John’s current location and traveling speed placed Angelo’s ETA at approximately—
That was unexpected. Loyalty this soon, in front of someone whose rejection hurt years later? Maybe their first date had gone better than he’d realized. Best to make the most of it; John liked his deductions and would be more secure if he wasn’t the center of attention.
Rendered speechless twice in the same conversation was a new and unpleasant experience for Sherlock. He would have liked to goad Mycroft into revealing the contents of Mummy’s chastisement if he’d thought it possible, but Sherlock was a genius not a magician. Mycroft looked like he was at the end of his rope for the very first time since they were children.
“Sorry, Johnny!” Harry was pale and repentant, a shredded napkin evidence of what she’d been doing while he was gone. “I really just wanted to push you a little. Was it awful?”
He nodded his head at the assembled people, also aware of Sally’s transparent attempt at subterfuge going by his mild tone and conversational opener.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow—too conceited to ignore the chance at another parting shot—and left. The instant his back was turned Sherlock leapt to his feet with his violin and played through the opening notes of Saint-Saëns’ Caprice-Valse, Op. 76 just before the downstairs door closed.
John sounded insufferably smug at his success, and Sherlock ignored him. Let John believe himself right too often and soon he’d be expecting Sherlock to eat every day or to get more than a few hours’ sleep on a regular basis, which was both unacceptable and impossible.
” Harry shrieked, inappropriately loud for the middle of a weekday afternoon, and lunged for John’s phone. “Bloody hell, Johnny, I can’t believe you picked up Mr. Posh. Three Continents Watson, indeed.”
“Dead.” He said as if there was any doubt after that display, and, in a surprising show of compassion from someone whose disgust for Hope’s activities had been obvious, closed the dead man’s eyes.
He’d already noted the night a success in his head when he saw the standing cab across the street. Sherlock wasn't worried over abandoning the date—John was too impressed by what he did for the police to hold it against him—but something about John’s open, waiting face made him pause.
at sociability. She has neither a desire to separate you from your Work, nor to force you into any truly undesirable interaction. You might try elevating your professional relationships at New Scotland Yard into actual friendships, joining a society where you can debate with actual physical human beings rather than lambasting anonymous persons of limited intelligence on the Internet, or,” a small, nearly invisible shudder, “dating.”
“Maybe…” John stopped talking when he realized everyone had turned to look at him, glancing at Sherlock before finishing his thought. “Maybe he used the death of her daughter to make her take the poison somehow.”
“Not just that, but it’s harder for your body to break down, so there are fewer calories. It’s not processed, there are no preservatives, and—”
The instant the words left his mouth John realized they might be insensitive. Thinking back, Sherlock had spent more time talking than he had eating. There’d been girlfriends in the past who wouldn’t eat in front of him on the first few dates, nervous he’d judge them for their orders or having an appetite. Sherlock didn’t seem the type to care, but maybe John was being sexist for assuming only women did that and a cad for drawing attention to it.
He might have snarled at Mycroft’s calm response if his brother hadn’t paled as he’d spoken, eyes darting to the left for just a second as if imaging the dire fate with which Mummy, likely with creative input from Father, had threatened him.
Sherlock grit his teeth and scowled at the screen, but the Mycroft in his head was right. Other people with intellects vastly inferior to his own managed to go on dates every day without sending their partners off at the end of the night in taxis driven by murderous cabbies.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade grumbled, “you can’t share details from a current investigation with your friends!”
Sherlock sniffed and looked down his nose at the shorter man, which had the anticipated result of making John puff out his chest further in aggravation.
“Eating local honey can help fight allergies, but only if the bees producing it get their pollen and nectar from plants in the same area.” Sherlock knew this already, but John was so enthusiastic he decided not to interrupt. “There are a number of urban hives spread out over London, but this honey was produced by honeybees living on the roof of the University of London’s Law building.”
“I don’t use any of these things because of some tenuous connection to bees, John. I use them because
“I need you to—” Sherlock propelled him into the office, nudging him back and forth until he was satisfied. “Stand- just here. Good. Don’t move.”
He herded a relieved John out of the shop and into a taxi as he made a mental note. If this lead didn’t pan out it would be better to investigate the shop alone and train John up as a proper distraction in future.
“No, nevermind, you’re right, it’s not as if I was trying to hide it. I figured you would’ve said something before now if you didn’t like it, but I wanted to ask anyway.”
Sherlock’s brain, ceaseless machine though it was, stuttered, and his thoughts slowed to the pace of treacle. Heat suffused his entire body and the dull throb in his neck and upper back which he’d been attempting to ignore seemed to vanish entirely.
“Yeah, but this isn’t exactly a remedy, is it? This is more something mums do for their kids before they’re old enough to know better.”
“You mentioned you liked honeybees.” John looked positively chuffed at this pronouncement. “So I hunted down an online store that sold them with bee fabric. Molly helped me find it. Site called Etsy with loads of different options. I just chose the one I liked best.”
The thought only added another layer of guilt and shame he couldn’t deal with, so instead he enjoyed walking cane-free and tried to imagine lunch the next day, each scenario more unlikely than the last. Cornering a notorious hacker in a cafe where he was posing as a waiter? Fish and chips in a seedy pub waiting to rumble Eastern European arms dealers? Maybe something cheap and satisfying from a food cart before stopping a top-secret information exchange.
John Watson was a man with a strong moral principle. But hadn’t he already known that? Queen and Country and all that rot. He’d been impressed at the work Sherlock did for the police, enough not to question why Sherlock was multi-tasking on their date, but it wasn’t mere hero worship. John wasn’t opposed to taking the law into his own hands: chasing after the taxi, staying with the cabbie even though he’d known the gun was fake.
Middle of the afternoon on a weekday meant he was still unemployed, clothing too casual to suggest he'd come straight from a job interview, so had he stopped for coffee alone or to meet someone else? Alone if coming from therapy, but— Sherlock rewound time in his head to the initial scan he'd made on walking in and
Sherlock’s eyes flicked towards the pink case before darting back with a roll that implied his doubt in the members of NSY being smart enough to find their collective arses, much less remember the missing suitcase and come to the realization that he had already located it.
Only at that point did it occur to him that there were details of date etiquette he had no idea how to handle. He’d done the asking, so was he paying? Would they split? He usually paid on the first date, but he’d only ever had those with women before. That prior experience might be hurting him here. He’d arrived fifteen minutes early as he usually did, but felt awkward now. Even if the owner didn’t tell him, from what had happened earlier and the posts on Sherlock’s site John knew he’d never be able to pass off how long he’d been waiting. Would he seem overeager? Too intense? Things he’d never once questioned about his dating behavior became sudden pitfalls, sapping the confidence he’d gained from Sherlock agreeing in the first place.
Thankfully, after a bit of a fumble on Sherlock’s part about how he’d learned John’s name that the doctor didn’t even question and a further demonstration of Sherlock’s abilities, they settled into a conversation about the latest victim in the serial suicide case that naturally segued into an account of Sherlock’s past cases.
Sherlock poured the chemical in his beaker into the waiting flask and jumped back with a hiss and a muttered curse when the flask shattered. His experiment was ruined now, broken pieces of glass spread across the kitchen table and floor while the chemicals dripped from a puddle over the edge of the table. He should probably clean that up before it ate through anything.
He sat and typed something into his computer, reaching out to place one of his picture frames face-down as John rounded the desk. Clenching his jaw, John ignored the other picture and told himself to focus as Arthur showed them the yellow spray paint appearing over the Chairman’s portrait in the sixty second gap between the camera’s sweep. After Sherlock had looked his fill Arthur took them across the trading floor to the office so they could see the graffiti in person. Sherlock immediately started taking pictures as John stared at the unintelligible squiggle, painfully aware of Arthur standing nearby.
John lifted his coffee to his lips to give himself a few moments to think, but winced when he realized it was now only lukewarm and even less appealing than before.
