"Cap," Tony replied and handed the shield to Steve who hesitated.
"Are you happy?" Tony asked while absently caressing Steve lips with his thumb.
«Yes, she is,» Steve said looking at him with soft eyes.
"Yes, it's me," Bruce said, catching his breath and looking into Tony eyes.
. For a moment he thought he had had some kind of contusion, and that's why he felt weird. He even believed the reflection in the mirror had been a dream. But no, apparently he was in Steve's body. And that was why he had seen himself in the middle of the room when he lost his conscience. He needed to get up.
"Can we sit with them?" asked the smallest girl.
Steve looked at his entire body with a primitive desire while breathing short of breath. He took the lube again, covered his cock and turned to Tony pushing inside him as far as he could in a single motion. Tony groaned again throwing his head back at the intensity of feeling so complete. Steve pulled out a bit only to press deeply back in, and both of them were lost to the delectable sensations. With each thrust Tony’s body welcomed him, and Steve dropped his hand to his cock, grasping the achingly hard length and stroking in time with his thrusts. Tony could feel his orgasm building as Steve’s thrusts grew quicker, then he wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck to bring him for a kiss.
"You will warm me up, won't you?" Tony replied with that mischievous smile Steve loved so much.
"I'm glad," Shannon replied. "Steve, I wanted to introduce you to some friends, if that's okay with you."
. The word rumbled in his mind. He noticed he hadn't returned home, his real home, his and Pepper's, after all that time. Tony could recognize he had thought about it, but he also had felt he was not prepared to go. Suddenly, he changed his flight course.
"Wait a minute, how was this girl only kissing you? Weren't
"Thank you," Steve looked into his eyes.
"You prove my point!" Tony joked with him and saw him smile. "See you tomorrow, Cap." He turned around and left the room.
would feel. But Tony knew everything was a strange way of him to be distracted by something. Every day and in every moment he thought about Pepper. The pain seemed unbeatable, endless, but then he had those moments with Steve that served to escape the inevitable reality. On one side, Tony was sure he was creating a fantasy to cope with the loss. On the other hand, he did not know if he was doing more harm to himself.
He vaguely remembered seeing Loki imitating Captain that time in the tower, but why come to this place? And why only to be walking around? Honestly, this was not the news he wanted for starting the day.
"I thought I wouldn't see you again," Tony said, smiling with such a pleasure.
«Tony,» Steve said carefully.
Tony took Steve's hand and nodded wanting to speak, but the words didn't come out. He didn't know what was happening to him. Then Steve did something that caused Tony's heart to beat desperately. When holding Tony's hand, Steve gently stroked it with his thumb while staring into his eyes. And then Tony knew, that day was Steve next to his bed, and it hadn't been a dream. He didn't know why he could recognize his hand and that caress. Steve turned around and left the sauna. Tony again felt the same emptiness he had felt that day.
, he said taking another deep breath and allowing himself to feel him again.
«Good morning,» Steve replied. He got up to see Tony who was still sleeping.
Steve awakened with the noise of a nurse entering to the room. He was on the chair next to Tony's bed. He had stayed up all night watching Tony sleep, but at a moment of dawn he felt his eyes closing to exhaustion. He didn't want to rest, but his body didn't agree with him and at some point he fell asleep. He saw the clock in the room. A couple of hours had passed.
Steve came over and smiled when he saw it. It seemed to be a new Captain America suit.
"I saw you move restless. I tried to wake you up, but the suit covered you. I tried to override it, but it did not work either," Steve said concerned.
"OK, night," Tony watched him go.
"Are you OK?" Tony asked approaching him.
He needed to explain to Steve he liked that pain without sounding like a madman. This was not the night he hoped to have, let alone the reunion that had passed through his head during those lonely nights waiting for his return. Tony sighed and lay down staring at the ceiling.
«No, I heard you the first time; amplify the image» Tony asked.
«Hi, Pepper,» he replied.
Tony was standing at the end of the wooden path over the lake. He was admiring the night sky and feeling the peacefulness that surrounded that place. How would he love to be there with her, he thought. Eleven months had passed since the last time he had her in his arms, but the memories had not lost its strength yet. He could still feel the warmth of her body as he hugged her, and the sweetness of her tender lips. When he thought of her, he could still see that sweet smile that kept his heart alive for so many years.
Tony took the shot, he thought about it a second. "Cheers," he told Thor and drank it. It was true, the drink wasn't that strong, he thought.
«She is back,» Tony sighed looking at the door.
"You tell me," Steve said approaching him.
One summer day, but not so hot. You couldn't ask for more, he thought. Tony ran and ran with all his might, climbing some slopes that made everything more entertaining. While he was running, he realized he would have nothing to eat at noon, so he would need to go to the nearby town to buy some food. Another task to do, perfect, he said to himself. Taking advantage of the fact that he was already energized, he reached the town and bought some groceries. He had no idea how many days he was going to spend there, but bought enough just in case.
"Tony Stark, call that one, yes," Scott said eating Natasha's food.
«He always wins, no matter how crazy his ideas are. He is the most stubborn man in the world,» She said looking at Tony with tenderness.
was not enough. He wanted to show Tony he was his world and wanted with all his soul to live by his side forever.
"How could
"Chandra, I won't go anywhere," Steve told her, trying to assure her he had no reason to get away from her.
«Tony» Steve fixed his gaze on his. «I came here because I needed to see you. I thought that would put an end to my torment. It would be enough to continue with my life. I truly believed seeing you once more would return the energy to my soul, and perhaps the strength my body seems to have lost. I wanted to see you
." Suddenly, Tony realized he was crying. He hadn't cried after all those months. At times he wondered if something was wrong with him because he had not cried. He was unsure if that was not normal, if he should cry. Now the tears seemed like frightened prisoners escaping from jail. It threatened to leave him empty, and he could not stop.
Steve smiled and sighed. "We better come back."
"What isn't fair honey?" Tony asked her stroking her face.
"I'll go," Steve said firmly.
Steve in his body smiled. "How are you feeling?"
Tony couldn't help to notice how overwhelmed he felt from Steve's proximity. He could feel the heat of his body, the brush of his hands as he cleaned his wound. He realized Steve's height.
"I missed him so much. I couldn't help it," Steve felt himself blushed.
Bruce was surprised to see him. "Are you Scott Lang?"
Rhodey shook his head. "Sure."
"The main point of contact where everything is being distributed is from this small town in Honduras," Steve said, pointing to the location on the screen.
Steve smiled. "I'm all yours."
"Yes, in the basement. You will have fun with my father's cellar. I think no one else ever took a bottle of wine from there," Rhodey said thoughtfully.
"Sir, the storm is approaching. You have less than 15 minutes to return to the shelters" Tony heard FRIDAY say.
"Cheers!," Thor said effusively. "Come on, who else dares to drink?" he asked.
Tony put his hand on his neck and pulled him closer to kiss him deeply. Steve's moan was the silent
Tony was in his lab reviewing the changes he would make to his reactor. The nanoparticles responded fast enough, but he needed the expansion speed increase a few tenths. It would involve a lot more power, but sometimes a second was literally vital.
«Tell me what you want to wear,» Steve told him and Tony went to the closet and took his clothes.
- - - - -
Curiosity led him to stay there and read the poem. Unquestionably, Tony did only recognize the painting and its author, but the poem...
", now had an even more special meaning.
«Are those painkillers?» He asked her worried.
"I will need to buy big clothes now," Bruce tried to joke.
Steve caressed his face and heard a pleased sigh from Tony. He was alive, he was there with him. His clever, stubborn, amazing man. He loved him as he has never loved someone in his entire life. For the most terrifying minutes of his life he thought he had lost him. When he saw him, he felt an agonizing pain in his heart that left him breathless. He ran to his side and time seemed to be in slow motion. His legs were not fast enough, his strength was not enough until he reached his side and saw him lying on the ground. Rhodey and Peter had approached him to help him. And when he was at Tony side, he saw him smile and say his name with a sigh to then pass out. They helped him, and with Strange's help took him to the near hospital. Tony hadn't told him he had modified the suit, so he could use the stones. If Steve was honest with himself, if Tony had told him, he wouldn't have accepted it. Tony knew him too well. In the end, they were both willing to sacrifice their lives. But when the time came, Steve just wanted it to be him the one who made any sacrifice.
"We're sure this is going to work, right Stark?" Thor asked Tony worried. They were in the surgery room attending Bruce's procedure. It was a pretty surreal situation they were there to see how the Extremis formula would be injected into Bruce brain. They had to be close in case of any eventuality and Tony was pretty sure there would be one. So far everything had been going pretty well, but Cho had only sedated him.
"Do you still miss her?," Tony asked him after a few minutes.
(See the end of the chapter for
"OK, but I am going to put you safe first," Tony picked her up and led her to school.
"Your super soldier body regulates your temperature, I know. But don't ask me how or why I know," Tony said, touching his reactor to hide his suit. He stood by his side.
«Tony, I am going to answer all your questions the best I can, but it is important you understand I should not spend too much time in here. I should go as soon...»
«No,» answered Tony, looking at him intrigued.
Standing in front of the lake, Tony once again asked Steve to come to his side. He missed him hopelessly and realized during that morning he had not been able to feel him. He closed his eyes breathing deeply. A soft breeze began to wrap him, and that warm only Steve seemed to convey to him began to bristle his skin.
"Sure," said Steve.
_ _ _ _ _
Tony approached Steve with full force and began to kiss him fervently. When their lips touched after so long, they felt a blast of energy finally burn inside them. Steve groaned softly, low in his throat, and took him by the waist to pull him closer. Tony took him by the neck and hair, drawing him to deepen the kiss. A union of their lips that devoured any remnant of longing. After a moment, they paused to recover their stolen breaths. They looked into each other's eyes and comprehended both accepted the fate they were choosing together. They kissed again, and their tongues danced blissfully in a secret ritual. A celebration whose music was the quiet moans one provoked to the other.
"I missed you from the moment I went out from that door. I'm a fool," Tony said embarrassed.
Tony woke up again from a pleasant dream. He seemed to be having a better streak lately, he thought. Steve was not with him in bed, and Tony took the pillow in which Steve had slept and deeply breathed his essence while closing his eyes.
Steve stared at him. "I can get lost in your presence. I don't know how you do it."
, Steve thought. He must be careful with Tony's cleverness. He also smiled.
"Blue meanie? She looks tough, but she's too good. Maybe a bit sadistic. God, that put an image in my mind that I don't want to have," Tony said, frowning.
Steve bowed to her touch and closed his eyes. "I'm sorry, sometimes I can't help it," Steve confessed, then looked at her in the eyes.
“If I am honest, in the first seconds of this conversation, I wanted to think about the impossibility of what you were saying. But after all we have lived, I already believe anything you say,” Tony said defeated. "OK, I'll call Rhodey and tell him to go to the compound," Tony said with a sigh.
with some improvements," Tony replied proudly.
— — — — —
repeated.
Tony couldn't understand what was going on.
"Tony?" Steve said knocking on the bedroom door.
Tony immediately looked at Steve talking to Thor. "I feel better," he said looking at Rhodey.
"What is happening, why doesn't he wake up?" Thor asked seeing how Bruce's entire body was still turning green but Bruce didn't wake up.
Again the memories of his other love ones came to his mind too.
"Shit," Tony said in amazement.
After a few minutes of agonizing wait, Tony and Rhodey were together with Natasha and five civilians regrouping with the rest. The local police, firefighters and ambulances had also arrived at the scene. Together they collaborated to take care of the injured and help with the landslides. They had caught several leaders of the criminal organization. However, the rescue of civilians, although some with injuries, really considered the mission successful.
"Fuck! What else can we do?" Tony screamed afraid of something that was not the ritual not working.
A few minutes later Steve had finished cooking and headed to the living room to find Tony.
him. No, he did not say that, maybe he implied it…
“You look at me, you look at me closely, each time closer and then we play cyclops, we look at each other closer each time and our eyes grow, they grow closer, they overlap and the cyclops look at each other, breathing confusion, their mouths find each other and fight warmly, biting with their lips, resting their tongues lightly on their teeth, playing in their caverns where the heavy air comes and goes with the scent of an old perfume and silence. Then my hands want to hide in your hair, slowly stroke the depth of your hair while we kiss with mouths full of flowers or fish, of living movements, of dark fragrance. And if we bite each other, the pain is sweet, and if we drown in a short and terrible surge of breath, that instant death is beauty. And there is a single saliva and a single flavour of ripe fruit, and I can feel you shiver against me like a moon on the water.”
The honeymoon followed by Italy, France and Spain. Since they were together, Tony had insisted Steve had all the vacations he had not had in his life. During those years, they had traveled all over the world, touring places Steve believed could only exist in the imagination of some painter. The memories of each moment lived with Tony fed the beating of his heart. He could recognize they were happy.
“I am too, man, I am grateful you are here too,” Rhodey replied with a soft smile.
Tony cleared his throat, “Good morning,” he said, and thought Steve must be very absorbed in his thoughts to not listen someone was approaching. His reaction seemed quite natural, even when it was to tense his body like getting ready for an attack.
"It's good that everything went well," Bruce said happily.
_ _ _ _ _
"Hey Rhodey! Buddy! How are you? What's going on in your life? Where are you?" Tony replied too fast.
"Tony, no, it's me who is sorry for
even if it not with me.”
"I'm sorry. I promise I'll try to behave," Tony said trying to sound innocent, but with a grin on his mouth.
"OK, we need to set rules. He's not a doll. He's a little puppy and needs care and love..." Tony heard Steve tell the children when he turned around.
"I take it back. I love you," she said biting a spring roll.
Tony hesitated for a minute, but then thought he needed to find out and went to the gym.
Steve started kissing him harder, deeper, this time cornering him against the near sofa. Tony groaned loudly at the ferocity of his attack. Steve kissed him, bit his lips, and brushed his hands over every part of his body on a map of pleasure he knew by heart. He went down to kiss his neck, licking his skin to taste him, but when he heard him moan he knew he had found his treasure and sucked that spot intensely. Tony's moans filled his ears and Steve insisted on sucking that sensitive spot in his neck until he left a mark. Steve felt he was the owner of Tony's pleasure, and his pleased moans assured him that it was so. Steve stopped, breathing hard and stared at the mark he had made on his neck. Then he turned to see Tony who was breathing through his mouth while his eyes had lost all trace of their usual brown. Once again they were playing that game of power and pleasure, and Tony surrendered to him. His body, his eyes, and those reddened lips said to Steve he was in control.
Steve softly laughed and went to the door. Tony followed him.
"I know," Tony said knowing he truly believed it. Of course Cap was not a bad person.
_ _ _ _ _
Tony knew that after that moment he had with Steve, being
_ _ _ _ _
"Sure," Tony repeated on purpose Steve's words. "What?" He said pretending to be surprised when he looked at him. Steve had a half smile on his lips, but his narrowed eyes told him he knew what Tony was doing.
They continued discussing containment plans in the face of the different situations that were occurring in the different cities and countries of the planet. They would also begin building the portal very soon. When the meeting was over Tony and Steve stayed in the room.
"No one could," Tony smiled pleased.
"Yes, I do," Steve replied, clearing his throat.
Tony could feel Steve's lips move to the same beat now, as their desperate caresses sought the same longing. Then he felt the bulge in Steve's pants that seemed to compete in despair with his. And while Steve was giving him all the passion he had seen in those eyes. Tony succumbed to the moment and moved his hips so Steve could feel he longed for him as much as he did. This time, Steve's moan was even more intense and painful, as if he couldn't stand another minute of that agony.
"OK, I know what you mean," Steve said, nodding.
_ _ _ _ _
too. Find a way we can continue discovering what we like." Tony's mind created millions of thoughts and images in a second and then smiled in pleasure.
"Happy new year," Steve replied, bending down to kiss her.
"Daddy, it's not fair," Morgan told him annoyed.
"Those were the good times!" Thor exclaimed.
that sounded more desperate than he intended, Steve thought. He wanted to be sincere, but it wasn't helping if Tony quizzical stare was all he will receive in return.
"It will," once again Steve assured him.
"Thanks, I didn't know how much I was needing to talk about this," Tony said gratefully. "To not be that kind of doctor, you did it quite well," and both laughed.
Tony sighed, «Yeah.»
"Stark," said a voice too familiar. Tony turned around and Thanos was right behind him. He didn't have time to touch his reactor when Thanos punched him against the desk. The pain felt real. How can he be dreaming if the pain felt so real? Tony thought on the floor. He touched his reactor twice, three times, but the nano particles did not cover him.
. The lust was contained in those lips that kissed him, sucked every inch of his chest and slowly went down to his abdomen. Tony's cock was trembling knowing those lips were getting closer and closer, then Steve opened his pants and Tony closed his eyes excited to know what was coming. However, after a moment, he opened his eyes to see Steve looking at his waist with concern.
"And no, Bucky could never be a reason not to be with you. If there is only one guilty here it's me, for being a
." He raised his face to see Rhodey who looked at him with concern and understanding. "I'll have to live my days without her,
"Yes," Steve replied regretfully.
"What are you talking about?" Tony said pretending he didn't know what or whom Rhodey was talking about.
"Fuck," Tony said with a groan of agony. "Love, please, I need you," Tony said begging and Steve knew what he meant. Steve lowered Tony's pants completely, bending down to also take off his shoes while watching Tony's chest contract with a quick breath. He got up and took off his clothes. He watched Tony seeing him with hungry eyes. He came over to kiss him and when their naked bodies touched, they both groaned loudly.
While the engine of his car started, Tony returned to his life. Inside the house, a Steve Rogers from the future leaned on the back of the front door while tears invaded his face. His only companions at that moment, were lost in its short way.
"I did," Scott replied.
"I missed you," Tony said with his lips very close to Steve's.
of the fishes.» Steve could not help but keep laughing.
"I am sorry, Peps. For hurting you, for breaking your heart when you had given it to me unconditionally. My brave love, I will love you forever," Tony wrote her.
“You are the first who says
_ _ _ _ _
"You owe me a foot massage," Natasha said entering the kitchen, behind her came Steve.
"I told you!" she said to the other two girls. They got excited too and started giggling.
The next morning, Tony was in the lab checking his suit's reactor, thinking about some improvements he wanted to make. Soon after, Friday told him that the girl of the convention had arrived. He told the AI to indicate her how to get to his lab.
"The world is a bit chaotic out there, but I think everything will return to calm in a couple of days," Natasha explained him. She seemed convinced.
"Will you be on time for Rhodey's party?" Tony asked.
"I am," Steve said with a soft smile.
"Thanks again. I appreciate all your help," Bruce said with a warm smile. "By the way, tomorrow they want to make a dinner. Nat would say it's a party. Will you be there?
Steve woke up.
“I do not pretend to change the past,” Steve replied him.
"Friday, do a scan of the place. If I remove these stones, how much time will I have to spend on the other side and leave?" Tony asked.
"I'm ready. I'll wait for you in the car," Tony said, unable to look Steve in the eyes.
"It was just what I was going to say," Natasha approached them.
Tony pulled back a little to start walking and felt Steve by his side taking his hand to entwine their fingers. First he looked at their hands and then at Steve whose eyes once again spoke to him of a mix of love and desire.
"Yes, but Bruce doesn't recommend it yet," Rhodey said smiling.
"It's also not about me not trusting you, Tony," Steve said calmly and taking a deep breath. "I once told you, you were not the guy to make the sacrifice play, and I clearly remember your answer.
"I agree, but there will be no containment if this area falls, Cap. And that is worrying enough," said Tony, looking at the screen with concentration.
"Yes, everything is as it should be," Natasha said looking at Steve who looked down.
For his part, Tony watched as Steve climbed the stairs to his room. His life had changed the day Steve Rogers had appeared in it. He had known it for a long time although now he accepted it. Steve's footsteps as he walked away from him resonated in the silence. Tony could feel them as hurtful stabs his heart received. He couldn't follow him. He should let him go. Now he understood Wanda's vision, why Steve was the closest person to appear in it. The one who asked him to do more, to save them, to save
"Shit," Tony said, hiding his head under the pillow.
_ _ _ _ _
Tony heard steps approaching, and they seemed hesitant.
Now he understood why he hadn't woken up at the same time as Steve. Tony closed his eyes sighing. Seeing Steve ran away that way, a thought came to his mind.
"Come on, lover boy. You can't be one minute away without you drooling for him," Natasha took him from the arm to carry him back inside.
old man» Tony said smiling.
"I was," Tony responded by looking at him intensely, and Steve licked his lower lip. He needed to focus at dinner, Tony thought.
"Good," said Tony as he began to slide over Steve, opening his legs to positioned between them.
Tony was the first to get out of the car and headed for the door. He had only taken a few steps inside the entrance hall when felt Steve's hand take him by the arm to turn him around. It was not necessary, just feeling his touch Tony was already turning and rushing over Steve. Tony took him by the neck and was kissing him with all his might. It was a desperate kiss that Steve received with equal abandon as he took Tony by the waist to bring him closer to his body.
"That's cheating," Tony said gasping for air while leaning his head on Steve's neck overwhelmed with his caresses. "Fuck, stop," he said after just a few seconds, and with both of his hands he took Steve by the neck to face him. "Back to the
Then Steve look up to see him, and Tony could not stop staring at him closely.
"It happened, what I was so afraid of, it happened. The world disappeared before my eyes and I couldn't do anything. I couldn't protect her," Tony said with remorse.
"We need to find everything to replicate the formula. Maybe it will be a bit complicated, but eventually we will do it," Tony explained trying again to assure Bruce he was with him completely.
“My impression is Mephisto should have promised Mordo what he has been looking for since the death of our master. Get souls to Mephisto so he makes him stronger, more powerful. But he will never be the Sorcerer Supreme."
"She was," Steve replied. "I admired her very much. She was a very brave and intelligent woman." Then Steve began to laugh softly, "She was so strong that sometimes she could be scary, if I am honest. I remember once she shot me at the shield Stark was showing me. Your father's shield, because she was jealous of a girl who had kissed me."
There was a silence between them for a few seconds until Tony spoke again.
Steve turned him over and took Tony's hands and put it over his head against the wall. Then he bent down, opened Tony's buttocks and began moistening his entrance with his tongue. The simple touch had made Tony groan in advance, but when Steve introduced his tongue, Tony was panting desperately. After a few minutes, Steve got up listening to Tony's huff because of his absence. Soon enough he pushed his cock inside him in a single effort that made Tony cry with pleasure. Steve didn't move feeling the pleasure of being inside Tony again, their bodies joined, all their skin brushing.
"No, it's fine,” Steve told him, looking at him and nodding. “I'm just surprised I fell asleep," Steve said taking a sip of the coffee.
"They were happy. They loved each other," Steve said sadly.
"Nice to meet you, Captain. Very good speech. My name is Sarah," she said kindly.
"Tony, who was it? What happened?" Rhodey asked in dismay taking the phone. "Nat? What happened?"
he heard Happy say in his mind.
«OK, you must feel confused now. But in a few minutes you will have to answer some of my questions. There is water and something to eat too.»
"I think the surroundings of the chapel count as sacred equally," Tony said smiling.
When walking back to the house, the silence this time was very comfortable. Steve had thanked Tony for the evening, but especially for doing this for him. It had been so long since he felt so relaxed and peaceful. Steve knew he could sleep tonight as he had not done for a long time. It felt so good being there with Tony, walking under the starry sky. He felt hopeful as if everything had a meaning, a purpose, and today being there was his.
"Will it leave us one day?" Tony asked him.
"Beautiful," Steve was at his side looking at the painting in front of Tony.
, he said to himself fighting against his own instinct. If he did this, he could just go and see
Tony flew off in search of the girl's house. As he flew, he felt his heart skip a beat. Steve was very close. When Tony looked down, he saw Steve running up the hill a few meters away. Steve immediately stopped and looked up. A moment later, Tony landed in front of him.
«From the future?» Tony asked raising his eyebrows. «So, you are an older and
«Are you trying to pick up a fight?» Steve said laughing softly.
_ _ _ _ _
"Oh Tony, what a joy to see you," Pepper's mom said with a smile approaching him to take his hand.
«Steve,» Bucky stood up in front of him. «You can live this life. You aren't stealing anyone future or love. You deserve to be happy, with
"Good, we can go now." Tony told him, having a sip of coffee and picking up some things from his desk.
"He is," Tony said with a smile too, and looking at Steve with devotion. From the stage, his eyes looked back at him. Tony loved him. He could feel it so clearly in his heart.
"I would need some of your serum, so I wouldn't fall asleep right now," Tony said smiling.
"Yes, you better go to rest too."
"How are those burgers going, Point Break?" Tony said smiling.
"I trust you," Steve said with a half smile and extending his hand.
They stayed like that for a few minutes until Steve backed down, lying down with him. Tony hugged him tightly.
"I never made the decision," said Tony.
Someone knocked, and Tony saw Rhodey stood on the door. "I'll be here next door, in case you need me," Rhodey said with a smile.
"Hey my friend, it is me!" Thor said, "Remember me?" and Hulk turned to see him breathing hard.
«Is it serious? It's too weird, you were such a spoiled child like that?» It was Steve's turn to tease.
«Dammit Steve, you need to calm down,» Natasha spoke in a lower but menacing voice.
"Suddenly you became a man of few words, that's strange," Rhodey said looking at him intrigued.
encounters, so to speak.
"It is that a true story?," Tony was laughing too. "What a woman!”
"It's a constant process then," Tony said thinking out loud. "This morning I saw myself creating a better future, and even more since I'm with you it seems that I can live in the present. How scary and envious the past can be sometimes," he said smiling.
Tony smiled, "It was until you came invading my place of peace."
"Our goal, contain, not attack," said Steve looking at Rhodey who nodded. "We will leave early tomorrow. It will be better for everyone to rest tonight."
"Suit up," Steve told Tony.
Steve went to read about the author, while Tony walked through the exhibits. Apparently, Montagne had fought in World War II, like Steve, and when it ended he studied English philology. The veteran had published several books of poems that won acclaimed awards. This made Steve think about what he would have studied when the war ended. If he considered it closely, he had always liked to draw.
He now felt like a complete idiot.
"I know," Steve looked at Tony and took his face again in his hands to kiss him.
would believe Steve was Loki. It was the most reasonable assessment for sure, Steve thought. Nevertheless, the crossroad was what to say and do now? He needed to think fast.
"It's Mordo, his a sorcerer too. He's stealing souls for Mephisto. I don't exactly know what he's up to in exchange for that, but I'm sure it's not good at all."
with another person. Steve aroused in him an unreadable passion that was reborn in every encounter, in every moment shared with him. Their connection became stronger with every knowledge of whom they really were. He felt his soul stripped before Steve in a communion his heart assured him every day it was love. Tony took a deep breath. His head began to spin trying to find a way to solve that situation. What to do and what to say. In that same afternoon he had thought about playing a dangerous game, now he recognized it was more complicated than he thought.
It was sadness that conveyed Strange words and now his eyes, Steve thought.
Tony turned away from Steve, and started walking back and forth again. «I don't know what is happening, Steve. Do you think I know what I have to do? I don't fucking know!» Tony shouted out still not looking at him.
"I need some air. Can I go outside for a moment, doctor?" Tony asked Bruce, who smiled at the question.
"Are her parents?," Steve asked following Tony's gaze.
Steve had sat down on the floor again, but this time he looked so relaxed and peaceful. It seemed like the world had changed in an instant even though they were in the same place. Tony sat next to him and they stared at each other without saying a word. There was no longer tension, there was no past. Only that moment when they were there, accepting each other in silence, realizing there were no explanations when the connection of their souls made them feel the other.
They were on the porch watching the sunset over the lake. Steve was sitting in one of the chairs with a beer in his hand looking now at Tony, while he was stood leaning on one of the wooden columns.
Tony leaned on Steve's back trying to catch his breath. After a few seconds, he pulled his cock out and thought he heard a longing sigh from him. Steve felt empty and Tony could feel what he was feeling too. Steve turned around and Tony stared at him. He moved closer to Steve lips. "I'm here," he whispered before kissing him gently.
«Don't do it. Don't sacrifice yourself because it's the right thing to do,» Bucky said putting a hand on his shoulder.
"I love you too," Tony said and kissed him softly.
"Did you become a nurse?" Tony looked at him up and down.
"Whatever you need, buddy," Tony said with a nod. Sometimes it felt odd to hear Banner on Hulk's body. But Tony knew Bruce was very happy with what they had accomplished.
"Good morning, Steve," Bruce replied, "You can't imagine what we just witnessed," he said smiling.
"There's nobody here, Tony," Ultron's voice responded.
"I'm fine," Tony said with short breath, trying to get up from the floor. "Why are you here?"
_ _ _ _ _
"Stark, I love this house!" Thor went to Tony and hugged him with his usual effusiveness.
"No," Tony replied flatly as he pulled a piece of the glass from his hand.
“It is a beautiful night, but it's starting to get windy,” Steve said in a soft voice.
, at least for a second, and he would be gone.
_ _ _ _ _
"I'll go to my room," Tony said, and Rhodey got up from the floor and extended his hand to help him up. "Surprisingly I feel tired," he said thoughtfully.
Steve began to thrust him, and if some reason or thought about what they were doing and where they were doing it went through Steve's mind, it had vanished into a delight moment of rapture. Tony heard him moan loudly after every thrust, and he could tell Steve liked what they were doing. Even more when he felt how Steve was trying to find the perfect spot of pleasure in a friction that seemed insatiable.
_ _ _ _ _
Tony nodded and continued looking the people around. His thoughts wandered about the different expressions of life before his eyes. Some people chatted happily, perhaps remembering pleasant memories of their love ones. People were crying, maybe with the same intensity as the first day. Others were placing flowers and praying. And he was very surprised of those hugging each other even though they had just met there. They were joined by the pain of loss.
Steve smiled again and went to his side to sit on the bed. "This time I don't have one."
Tony couldn't recognize himself anymore.
Steve headed to the bar counter saying happy new year to everyone he met as he passed the tables. When he arrived at the place where his companions were, he hugged them and wished for a prosperous new year too. Then, he went to the bartender and ordered 2 beers.
"We will find it," Steve said with conviction and got out of bed. "We contacted Wong. He can't come right away. But he will be here early in the morning. I think he found something that will help us."
Today from a hotel room in Granada, leaning on the large window with a view of The Alhambra, Steve watched Tony sleep peacefully. The light of his reactor illuminated the room a little. He couldn't feel more grateful. In a few days, they would return to their home. The lake house that united them for the first time and now was their refuge from the world. Where they were only the two of them. Steve couldn't remember the exact moment he knew he was in love with Tony. He had only told himself he should move on and had done so for long time. For a while, he became attracted to Shannon and had learned to shut up his heartbeat when he was with Tony. And right there, when life gave him this day and each one he had lived with Tony, then all made sense. He had loved Peggy, but to live with Tony, knowing each other as they did now. The intimacy, the acceptance of the other, comprehending who they were, the good and bad moments lived, gave a greater meaning to love.
"Magic? How can the Avengers help against magic?" Tony asked him, and then realized he called themselves Avengers again.
«And?» Steve insisted now, almost unable to hide his desire to laugh again.
"Steve," Bruce sighed and took a pause. "We cannot alter what has already happened. It existed and there is no going back. If you stayed in the past, you would only create an alternative timeline. But no, you would not alter this timeline," Bruce replied defeated.
, rude version of the Captain? How am I going to believe that?»
A tear ran down Tony's face, he couldn't remember when was the last time he had cried or if he had ever really cried. Despite that, he could also feel the storm was slowly subsiding. Pepper's words were making him see the dreaded reality.
, he repeated in his mind with all his being. During those days he didn't feel the need to write to him because he could feel him. This time, the distance didn't hurt. It had become a promise.
“Tony,” Steve said standing at the door.
"We will prioritize extracting them," said Steve, looking at Natasha who nodded.
Tony smiled. "You caught me."
"Friday, my room," Tony said breaking the kiss just a moment to tell the AI where to take them.
“Is it working?” Steve said hopefully.
"From the past, you mean?" Steve asked.
«For now, it is only rented, of course with just one call it would be all mine. Still, it's good to try a few days to see how great the country life is» Tony explained him.
"I love you," Steve kissed him again.
«I know, but you need to calm down, Steve,» Natasha said trying to convey some tranquility to a quite difficult situation.
_ _ _ _ _
Steve woke up sweating and breathing desperately. The nightmare had made an appearance one more night. It seemed like the weekend lived with Tony in the farm was no real. Only his death repeated again and again in his memories.
"Two heads think more than one," Bruce told him with a half smile.
The next morning, Tony was drinking coffee in his lab, and he couldn't stop thinking about what had happened the night before. The talks, the drinks, the games had continued until late and when everyone went home, they looked quite happy, so to speak. He avoided being alone with Steve, and it was easy for him to continue sharing with others. He knew avoiding him was not something he could do forever and should not do if he considered himself an adult. Tony was fully aware he was attracted to Steve, but that was all. The fantasy could not continue when he dragged Steve into it.
"No, I don't think so, Tony. That would be a conscious act. But I do understand that point where we sometimes get lost and we no longer know who we are. We give ourselves so little value, that our lives that seem to be only agony and pain, become less important than those of others," Steve said with a deep sadness in his eyes.
“What? Normal?” Tony asked in disbelief. “Are you going to say that is
"The food is ready," Tony turned to see Pepper calling them for dinner.
"What happened?" Tony asked and this time he heard himself speak.
When the light came on, the wine cellar made an appearance and the wines were indeed a little dusty, but they looked old and expensive.
Tony was entertained talking with Sarah about the recycling projects. What are the odds, he thought. The project she had started along with other colleagues was based on some ideas that Tony had also designed. An incredible coincidence he resumed one of those projects and was about to run it.
Tony opened his eyes and looked at him but followed Steve eyes.
"I don't think that happens, or at least I hope not," Steve said doubting.
Steve laughed softly. "Thank you for this birthday. It has been one of my favorites," Steve told him feeling full of happiness.
"Congratulations, Tony, you made it," Sarah said approaching to the group.
"I should drive," Tony said sitting in the passenger seat.
"Morning," Nebula said in her particular coldness walking behind Natasha.
"I've missed you so much," Tony told him with melancholy in his voice.
Steve took Strange to a park next to the hospital and when they entered, Strange indicated him to both sit on a bench.
At least he had thought about the day, he assured himself. It had to be that day, that day when they say goodbye to each other with a disguised melancholy he now recognized.
with such agony. And so the days turned into weeks, and at night he dreamed of Steve despite when waking up he couldn't remember the dreams. But the feelings that accompanied him during the first hours of the day told Tony he had been with him. At least in dreams. And the weeks turned into months while the distance transformed life into memories. The distractions of the world, as Wong had called them, seized the moments and the sensations. Until one day it seemed a fantasy to believe you could feel that other person. Then more distractions crossed his way, and the feelings had gone to hibernate in a hidden place of the heart.
"But if it's Tony Stark himself," Rhodey said jokingly. He approached Tony and gave him a hug, "From that silly smile on your face I see that everything is fine," he said, rolling his eyes.
"Right now, Sir."
"Yesterday, I was thinking I could live here," Tony said sighing.
Steve laughed, and Tony thought how good it felt to make him smile.
"I heard that," Bruce said from the copilot seat.
Tony tried to move without opening his eyes, but felt his body very heavy.
"That's the true babysitter," Tony said with a smile.
"I agree," Natasha said, wiping a tear from her eyes.
"Tell me about Peggy," Tony asked. "I remember knowing her when I was little. Back then I knew she was one of the founders of SHIELD. A great influence, a powerful woman. And I also remember thinking she was very beautiful."
"Happy new year dear friends," Vishen approached where Steve and Chandra were and hugged each one. "For you, for good work and for love," he said raising his beer.
"You called me," Steve said quietly.
Tony dropped the phone from his hand.
"Where?"
_ _ _ _ _
After breakfast Steve returned to the dept, took a shower and went to the meeting. Again the anxiety for seeing Tony was taking part of him. When he arrived at the building, he found Bucky waiting for him at the entrance. He felt a little more calm. They were at the door of the office and knocked before entering. Natasha and Clint were talking and came to greet them. When he looked up for Tony, he saw Bruce and him talking over a screen projection. Tony immediately fixed his eyes on Steve when he realized he had arrived.
Tony passed by Steve side and walked very fast to the house. His thoughts were numbed, and he truly couldn't understand himself.
Tony stopped the car and got out. «Do you like it?» He asked enthusiastically.
"You two can't stop," Rhodey told them approaching with Danvers on his side.
"You always find the right words?" Tony turned to look at him. "How do you do it? Don't be offended, but it seems like you always have a speech under your sleeve."
Tony nodded with a half smile. "Although I don't bring the best of the news. Wong, they are all ears."
"No!" Hulk screamed and fell to his knees as he grabbed his head breathing desperately.
, who cared for him,
"About 50 people," Shannon replied.
— — — — —
«Jesus, how can you be so stubborn?» Steve said laughing softly and kissing him on the shoulder.
"I'm so sorry for what you're going through, Steve. I know it must be very difficult for you. And maybe you already know, but he's having a hard time too," Bruce said worriedly.
"Well, I'll be there," Steve replied smiling.
"Trouble sleeping, Stark?" Natasha asked him with a soft smile.
"I will."
Steve smiled with great satisfaction and kissed him again. "2 days."
"The Godfather, there should be no other choice," Tony said flatly and sat on one of the sofas.
"Morning, soldier," Tony answered him and heard him laughing knowingly.
"God, it can't be that you haven't seen The Godfather," Bruce said in amazement. "It's one of the best movies in the history of cinema," he said excitedly.
"Yes, please," Steve said smiling broadly.
"You could say we cross that off the list?" Tony asked raising an eyebrow.
Steve laughed so loudly that the candle lady turned to look at him with a scolding look. He took Tony's hand and pulled him out of there, taking him to one side of the chapel to kiss him. They kissed as if it was the first time they did, with hunger, with passion. Deliberately surrendering their breaths to the other until they felt the lack of air.
"I'm glad you're back," Rhodey approached them. "I'm sure Steve missed his muscles," he said to Steve who smiled.
. “I do not know,” he heard himself said. “Yours are impossible love Steve, always ready to defend the world, to fight. Why don't you try it again with Shannon? It was going well before.” Tony sighed smiling. “You must be very bored to want to talk about this, Nat.” At that moment, Natasha phone rang. “And speaking of the devil.” Tony saw Natasha write something in her phone, and he felt a vibration in his pocket too. He took the phone and read his own message of the day Wong appeared on his lab. Tony wanted that to end, he needed to return home and to
A question with an answer he wasn't knowing at that moment either.
Steve stopped to see him, and without taking his intense gaze from him, he began to sink his mouth over the head of Tony's cock and sucked it gently.
"I am," Steve said and was kissing Tony hard again when he turned around.
"I'd like to see you again," Tony confessed. "I don't know when or where but I would like to see you again."
Tony stood up so he could take off Steve's wet shirt, and Steve repeated the same with Tony's. When Steve opened his shirt, the reactor light welcomed him once more. Steve laid his gaze on the reactor. His hand touched it gently. Suddenly, he realized Tony was trembling. They had spent too much time in the rain.
Tony was kissing him again and this time he stroked the bulge in Steve's pants making him groan, "OK, I'm going to watch TV," he said, breaking away suddenly, leaving Steve panting.
_ _ _ _ _
"Don't miss me," Tony said teasing him.
Suddenly, he saw a door ajar, and something caught his attention. He entered and could not believe what he was seeing. It was like a library, but it seemed infinite, as if the proportions of the room extended in the space. Large bookshelves with what looked like millions of books occupied all the space. That had no logic. The room seemed bigger than the house.
"I need you," Steve sighed into his ear, making him shiver. "I want you," he began to slide his hand over Tony's abdomen until he reached his bulge. Tony moaned as he felt Steve stroke his cock over the fabric. After a moment, he managed to reach into his pants and took his already hard cock making him groan loudly. Steve stroked his cock as if he knew it, as if he knew what he liked. Tony's mind went to those days when they had been in each other's bodies. Steve had also touched himself,
“Great,” Natasha and Bruce cheered.
He thought.
"I'm here for you," Steve replied with a warm smile and now looking more relax. «What are you up to?
"Tony that doesn't matter anymore," he said approaching again.
"Yep," Tony replied focusing again on the screen.
Steve softly laughed, and in that moment Natasha came in with the coffees. They discussed part of the plan, and a couple of hours later everyone was ready to leave.
_ _ _ _ _
«My name must be some kind of lucky charm for you or something? You use it a lot. Too much I could say,» Tony interrupted him trying to change the object of the conversation. He really did not want to talk about it. He did not want to talk to Steve. So he decided, at that precise moment, it was time to go to sleep. Tony started walking to the house.
Two hours later Steve returned to the apartment and found Tony working on the designs of the portal.
The only response he could give himself was he shouldn't have hurt him that way.
"It's what they can't explain," Steve replied.
"What else do you miss?" Tony said trying to focus on the garden.
The steps were carefully approaching.
"Hi Tony, how are you boy?," Pepper's father asked him, shaking his hand.
"We need to surround that area, go left, see you at the entrance," Steve told Tony.
«Thanks,» Steve said overwhelmed.
_ _ _ _ _
Tony was done running on the treadmill. It felt pretty good to drain all the energy he had left exercising. They had had a rather complicated day, but also the fight with Steve left him quite exhausted.
Billie Holiday song - The Man I Love
. “I can do this all day.” He heard himself say, but it was not he who voiced those words and he felt the pain of another punch. A few seconds later he got up.
Steve came out of his amazement and was able to answer all the questions. "Yes, of course," he said, answering Strange first and then turning to Vishen. "Yes, I know him. He is an acquaintance of my land. I would need to talk to him for a second. Please, could you cover me for a moment?"
"Tony, please..." Steve didn't know how to calm him down, and Tony's fury was increasing with every second.
"You can come in," Tony said.
"I'd love to," Steve said pleased. He went back leaning on the counter putting his hands each side like inviting Tony to look.
He knew he was being carried away by the impulses. His emotions, which for so many years were guarded and tamed, now seemed to be the owners of his actions. A good part of his neurons was lost with the lighting of Thor hammer for sure.
"Am I disconnected from the others?" Tony asked Friday.
He shouldn't torture himself, he thought. He stared at the ceiling as he caught his breath. Soon after, he began to meditate as the monks had taught him, and so he was able to give his troubled heart a bit of calm. After a couple of hours, he managed to fall asleep again.
"Strange trusted you,” Wong said in a soft tone.
"It's not the dream which bothers you, it's the root," Somnang pointed out.
“You were also my friend, even when I defended him. At that moment, I thought he and I were alone in a world we didn't understand. I needed to help him and so maybe help myself along the way.” Steve took another deep breath and looked at him with an intensity that made Tony felt a shiver down his neck.
was still there, he wanted to believe. Suddenly, there it was the mechanic sound he was so used to hearing…
_ _ _ _ _
Tony felt the caresses of Steve's hands on his chest, and his breathing began to catch as he felt the touch of his fingers on his skin. Steve was breathing on his neck, and Tony could feel his cock starting to wake up too.
Tony stroked her face and kissed her hard changing her positions. After every thrust of him, Tony watched as Pepper closed her eyes at the ecstasy he provoked in her. He kissed her again, and his thrusts became faster and more desperate. They both gasped looking at each other in the eye, until Tony saw Pepper cum again while he also release inside her. Tony collapsed on top of her and she hugged him. After a few seconds, he took her in his arms, laying on the bed facing each other. Tony had his eyes closed, and he felt the caresses on his face.
"If so are the reunions, then it is worth the wait," Tony said smiling and out of breath.
"Sir," the AI said hesitantly.
"Is everyone fine?" Steve asked smiling too.
Tony rolled his eyes, but smiled. "They are already on their way." Then Tony saw Rhodey come in and go straight to the fridge for a couple of beers. "Hey buddy, do you have any wine?"
"First of all, it's Tony. And secondly, I need to hear more about that," Tony said smiling and shaking her hand.
"No, it's fine like this. Just stay by my side," Steve replied.
. Tomorrow, early in the morning, they would go fishing. He closed his eyes and then remembered Steve's laugh during dinner. He was truly happy, you could tell.
“Is this an old message?” Steve asked Natasha standing up looking at the screen.
"Please," Tony replied. Steve turned around to pour his coffee, and Tony couldn't help tilting his head while looking at his body like a predator whose prey was too close; he bit his lower lip. When Steve turned to give him the coffee, he tried to hide his expression. Focusing on the coffee cup and taking a sip, but he could hear Steve's soft laugh.
"Happy New Year," Steve smiled and kissed him again.
. And even if this does not change a future that will continue its course as it should be. Today, I came to apologize, Tony. But above all things I came to tell you...
"Fuck! Damn alarm! Why haven't I shot it down?” Tony protested. “Can't we give up saving the world for 5 minutes?" Tony said sighing with his forehead against Steve's.
Tony kept staring at the project in front of him. Despite the nightmares, the recycling project had given him a purpose. Since he started working on it, the hours invested in that task freed his mind from stress. The ability to create gave him a freedom he could now recognize; it was very satisfying. He got up and decided to go to the kitchen to get something to eat. When he entered the kitchen, Rhodey was looking in the fridge.
_ _ _ _ _
Then, without warning, that thought assaulted him with the same force of the emotions rooted in it. That moment came back to haunt his peace.
"You would be welcome," Okoye smiled broadly. "Enjoy."
were fighting a battle.
"OK, I see you losing the first fight, clearly," Rhodey said shaking his head.
"This is new."
«No Sir, there is no notification of incidents involving any of the robots, but there is an archive of yesterday records of cameras around the neighborhood you should see»
A few minutes later, Wong opened a portal and on the other side was the meeting room of the compound empty. Both came in and Wong turned to look at him.
"Everything will be fine," Tony assured Steve. Although it seemed it should be the other way around.
Tony stared at him too. "I want to kiss you so badly. I'm beginning to believe I have very little self-control around you," he told him doubting.
"OK then it's Natasha, Rhodey and Shannon for this entry," Steve said "Tony and I for this one and Bruce will be on the jet."
"Wow that's pretty fast, but I will be there," Sarah replied firmly.
“Fuck off, both of you,” Tony said storming out of the room, and he could hear them laughing while he was going down the stairs. He found himself with a smile on his face too.
"Oh no sweetheart, we can't hate storms," said the dad stroking her hair.
Remember you said you'd always gonna need me...
"Is that a new suit?," Steve asked smiling broadly.
Steve was in front of him. “Stay with me,” he said in a whisper, and Tony closed his eyes.
"I'll go for him," said Wong, and Tony nodded.
Yes. They can be our worst enemy."
"You better," Tony kissed him and got up. "OK, I'm going to change and see you downstairs."
«Please, let me explain,» Steve said, pleading.
After a few minutes of waiting, the remorse for what he was doing could do more than him. He needed to get out of there, at least plan this better.
"Sorry. You must rest." Tony heard Rhodey said and opened his eyes.
Tony smiled and immediately went to the subject at hand. He explained to her about the few things that were missing from the project and the time he estimated could all be put in place. He was quite surprised at how quickly she understood everything and was very excited because that meant they could run it very soon.
... Tony couldn't stand this anymore. He took the glass in front of him and pressed it so hard to smash it against the wall, but instead he only managed to break it into his hands.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mephisto is an extremely powerful demonic entity. His power and abilities are obtained by manipulating the forces of black magic," Wong tried to explain.
"What appointment?" Tony asked while looking at the GPS in his hand.
"Yes, and we fought over the TV remote too," Tony said joking. "Look, here comes one of my roommates," he said, pointing to Steve as he approached them. "Have you been introduced to the in-law?" Tony said teasing.
"Thank you. I'll tell you later," Bruce smiled, "I think Nat ordered something to eat."
"I missed you too," Tony said breathlessly.
Tony smiled pleased at Steve's surprise and hungry eyes. "Once you asked me if I was sure I wouldn't make you wait so long to give you something you want," Tony said getting up of bed approaching Steve. When he was in front of him, he began to put his hands under his shirt caressing him and lifting the shirt until he took it off. Steve saw him with his those piercing eyes that owned his soul, but also made his body catch fire. "That time we were interrupted," Tony said opening Steve's jeans button and lowering the lock. Steve began to breathe through his mouth with every movement of Tony. He reached down to lower Steve's jeans and boxer all at once. When he rose slowly stroking Steve's muscular legs, he could hear his moan of pleasure when one of his hands passed lightly stroking his half-hard cock. Tony was in front of him, his lips very close to Steve's. "They didn't let me answer you," he said stroking Steve's chest with his hands. "I'm sure," Tony said huskily. "I'm sure on give you everything you want, Steve." Tony was kissing him and felt how Steve hugged him to get him closer.
Steve kept laughing, but he also licked his lip, as he always did when he wanted to kiss him. "OK, I'm losing this battle too. We need to go back with the others," he said smiling.
"It's all good. Don't worry, it's good to see them smile," Steve said, looking very understanding.
Steve knew he had to control his extremely fast beating heart. And the way he was trying to breath did not help in showing a peaceful and serene state. He also knew
Suddenly, Tony saw Morgan running towards him. He immediately carried her in his arms.
“Tony,” Steve said sobbing out, his back arching hard, and his head back. “Tony, oh God,” he panted, as whimpers and moans continued mingling together in one melody that please Tony's ears.
— — — — —
Tony moved extremely fast to take his phone, and he immediately answered the call without seeing who it was. At that moment, Steve let out a breath he had held for several minutes. He allowed himself to breathe again. Tony went out through the door to the front of the house,  and he leaned over the kitchen counter trying to recover and understand what had happened.
«Friday, ah yes, please tell her I'll call her back» said Tony not knowing now how to return to
_ _ _ _ _
"You two can't live without each other. You had not seen each other for a couple of days and have been flirting all morning," Natasha leaned on the wall in front of him.
He slowly turned around to see
"I'm fine, it was just a little piece I already withdrew," Tony said without looking him in the eyes, but with a calmer tone now. "There's no way I won't end up hurt when I'm with you, right?" He then said with resignation.
way and lost himself along the road. Now Tony understood why Steve didn't want to talk about it. It wasn't a very light conversation, but Steve was right. Trying to comprehend himself, Tony wandered about his behavior and the way he coped with sadness. He understood he had to do something he liked, he was passionate about. It occurred to him it had to be more about motivation than distraction, if he could truly understand Bruce's words. He needed to use his time in something that was his own, his purpose. Hard to accept, but he was grateful Steve had helped him see it.  And what more than engineering and retake one of those projects he always wanted to do but thought he had no time before.
"Yes, thanks," Bruce replied.
And Tony could let go.
"You say you feel lost in my presence. I understood you. You cannot recognize yourself without the presence of that other person in your life."
"But why are you here?" Tony asked.
"This is just the beginning," Natasha said raising an eyebrow.
Tony entered the lab and sat down resting his head in his hands on the desk. The images returned to him one after another.
"I'm so glad to see you both," Steve told them with a wide smile.
"You survived without me all these years, Love," Pepper said and Steve realized there was silence after her words.
"I vote for The Godfather," Natasha said.
of your life like that," Tony explained him smiling.
"I'm the first one going all the worlds that could exist just to kick your ass, if it occurs to you to do it," Natasha said reproaching him.
"Steve," Tony said with the intention of explaining himself, but the words were stuck in his throat. "Steve, I need you," he heard himself said pleadingly.
"Which were they?" Tony said caressing his face.
«I don't recall sending an invitation to Asgard for you to visit my neighborhood.»
"That's a great lesson," Tony said, looking at him moved.
He wasn't sure anymore. He stood there in silence.
he repeated in his mind. Steve approached the door, and the world as it had once been conceived, changed in an instant.
. Because he would always be that boy in the alley who would face injustices, who would fight for the good of all. Because everyone's welfare should prevail, even if that meant giving his life for it,
Tony took a towel, dried his face and left the bathroom. Taking a look of the room, he realized he was in the compound. They all were standing, neither seemed to have moved from their positions.
He was dipping his tongue into Steve's mouth. One of his hands was cupping Steve's neck when he felt Steve lifted one of his legs so their erections brush. Both groaned at the same time, as if wishing the same. Steve took Tony's other leg and lifted him with incredible ease until he took him to bed. There both continued kissing and began to move their hips to feel even more pleasure with the luscious friction. Tony took Steve's ass to squeeze it and bring him closer to him. Both were moaning as they followed a rhythm that delighted them. Suddenly, Steve rose in one hand to take Tony's cock and give him a stroke, making him cry with rapture. Then he gathered their cocks to stroke them together and both were lost to the pleasure. The precume of both served so Steve's hand could slide around their cocks. Long, slow thrusts sped up, slapping skin against skin. Tony felt helpless under Steve touch. Gasps turned into groans demanding release. The heat between them built higher and higher until both came.
"You already have dessert, man. Nat's feet," Rhodey said, slapping him on the shoulder.
«I love you,» Tony whispered.
"You look very handsome. That inspires anyone," Natasha said smiling. "And speaking of the devil."
"I could say we followed through it quite a bit," Tony joked and loved seeing him smile.
The next morning Steve was at the lab door with two coffees in his hand. They had created a ritual every morning, in which Steve brought him coffee and they talked a little about everything. Tony used to tell him about the progress of the recycling project. They discussed the missions they had and many times they even talked of personal things.
Steve smiled at the view and continued cooking. He really liked to cook, he thought. Although he hardly did it, he enjoyed it very much.
. This was not going to go well.
"Don't call me
the possibility of returning with Pepper goes through my head. As if I want to go back to what I had with her, so we could have a future together. Because a fucking monster stole
_ _ _ _ _
Steve's response was extremely satisfying. A drowned groan that spoke of the same yearning, of the same desire contained for several weeks. "We shouldn't..." Steve began to say while Tony kept directing his hand through his member over the fabric. In a very short time, both began to lose their breaths at the sensations.
"I will" Steve's voice was heard approaching.
— — — — —
"Impossible to be alone one weekend. Banner, I lost all my trust in you" Tony said trying to hide his smile while shaking his head.
"Are you sure?" Steve asked with a fierce in his gaze that made Tony's body shiver completely.
«He needs you, and yes, he is your husband. We know that, but she doesn't,” Natasha said pointing to Pepper that was crying a few meters away from them with her parents at her side.
Now it was Steve who was caressing Tony's chin and brought their foreheads together.
Steve agreed.
Tony's heart began to beat faster, and he could feel the lack of air. All of a sudden, he heard steps approaching the room.
"Rhodey?" Tony said.
«Yes Sir, do you want me to keep him sedated?»
Upon entering the bathroom and noticing Steve's image, he realized it was not as easy as he had thought. He would see Steve's body naked. That thought was not simple to process. He took a deep breath and stayed in the middle of the bathroom without moving for a whole minute. Then, without thinking to much, he took off his shirt. Immediately his eyes widened when noticing chest and abs that looked carved. He snorted laughing.
"Thanks," It was the only thing Tony could say and turned again to leave the gym.
"Good morning, Bruce," Tony tried to respond with the few breath he had left.
"I know, Love," said Chandra, leaning on Steve's chest.
"I don't know how to do it," Tony said with a worried sigh.
Steve was kissing him, and Tony welcomed his lips with the same passion as the first time their breaths joined in one. They were completely soaked in the rain. But nothing stopped them from surrendering all emotion, feelings, and yearning into that kiss. Steve missed those lips, that body, those hands that caressed him. Tony's breath became his and embraced his soul. If time did not exist. If it had not past, nor future. Then would only exists that moment in which both surrendered again to the other.
An hour later, the teams had split and Tony and Steve were heading to their entry point. There were several armed men guarding the entrance.
"Your grandfather believed the winds gave breath to living beings. They awakened the sleeping souls in our bodies. This great wind today is awakening many," said the dad and blew on the forehead of the girl who softly laughed.
"It's hard. I understand you, being together like this reminds us of the past. It's bittersweet," Steve said looking at him with sympathetic eyes and sitting next to him.
"This is for me as for the rest of mortals going to Disneyland," Tony said enthusiastically.
"There goes Rhodey," Thor said, pointing to the platform now.
"I knew I should bring something to eat," Steve said smiling and placing a bag in front of Natasha.
When Tony opened his eyes, Steve was so close to him that he could feel his breath. They stared at each other waiting.
"I need to take a swim just for a moment," Steve said excitedly, nodding at the lake.
Tony went to one of the bookshelves and sat on the floor. He had finally returned to his body, however, a hopeless feeling of emptiness gripped him at Steve's distance. A moment later, Wong entered the room and approached Tony sitting by his side.
Tony stared at him for a few seconds and hugged him hiding his face in his neck.
"We were in the middle of some explosions, Cap, things don't always work," Tony tried to explain.
Tony rolled his eyes, but then he couldn't help but run out of breath when he looked at Steve. He must have been in the gym, and now was all clean, fresh,
"I do," Steve said with an intense look that made Tony felt too weak, especially after so many beers.
Steve softly laughed, and with that it seemed he released the tension contained for days. Tony saw his body, with Steve eyes he saw his own body, but he couldn't understand why he could feel Steve by his side.
"Yes, Banner and I fought her, right my friend?" Thor turned to Bruce, "I even lost an eye because of her, but thanks to my other friend here, Rabbit, I have my vision back"
"Now it will get hotter," Natasha said, drinking from her beer as she watched Steve enter the dining room.
"Yes," Tony replied.
...He needed to get out. He needed air.
Tony caressed her face and then turned to see Steve who nodded. They watched Wong open a portal and followed him.
"I'm yours, Steve," Tony told him, and Steve added a second finger making him gasp and shiver while he tightened his grip on Steve's hair.
"Who do you think you're fooling, Steve?" Tony said accusingly. "If you said it, it's because you thought about it. The mission is about returning the stones, that's all. You can't stay in the past."
"Love?" Tony told him and Steve felt his heart clench in his chest. He did not understand why he could not stop overthinking.
"See you in the kitchen in a while," Pepper smiled.
“It is a losing battle,” Tony said with remorse. “I am sorry for hurting you. You did not deserve those mean words, and my irresponsible behavior let us to this moment. Please, forgive me.”
“Wong knew it,” Steve paused for a second. “And I knew it too," he said looking at the floor.
"Fuck, then tell me what it is? You said you trusted me, but still questioning what I did. Doesn't seem like it!" Tony said annoyed.
«OK, okay, you win. It was burned and well, she didn't eat it». Tony replied defeated.
Steve truly did not know how much he could say or do without altering the future. He would have to explain to Tony with not all the details, but enough, so he could return. Because
Of course it was obvious
"Sure," Steve said and got up. But to Tony's surprise, Steve put his hand on Tony shoulder and approached behind him. He whispered in his ear in a very intimate movement, "I'll be back in a second."
"A determined, daring, ingenious woman,” Steve said proud. “She had seen
"I'll go for water. You look pale, man,” Rhodey said getting up.
"Take care of yourself too," Tony told Steve feeling that strange sensation of emptiness.
"I don't know how to do it," Steve said, blushing.
"Or you'll run out of a husband," Rhodey told him, drinking from his beer.
"You know I love you, don't you?" Chandra told him, looking at him with loving eyes. "I love your whole being. Who you are, who you were. I love you completely."
without at least not receiving a few more blasts.
"You know, you don't have to feel guilty all your life for what happened between us. It's okay you hide that your best friend killed my parents and well, he's now dead too, maybe with that we're even," Tony said with bitterness.
"The other day it occurred to me that after everything we've learned about how little we know about the universe. Maybe death is just going to another dimension," Tony told him smiling.
and stubborn man, who has just emerged from the ice. There, in that heart, is already contained all the greatness of what I feel for you. You must know that, always," Steve replied trying to give voice to his feelings for the first time.
Steve's face turned an incandescent red so fast, that even Tony was surprised with the extreme blushing.
"Quantum fluctuation messes with the Planck Scale, which then triggers the Deutsch Proposition. Can we agree on that?" Tony said to Bruce who nodded.
"I want that too," Steve kissed him softly and rested his forehead on his.
Steve laughed and saw her take out the Chinese food.
"2%, for the coffees!" Steve exclaimed.
. He couldn't believe what was happening to him.
Tony went to the kitchen, and Steve was having coffee with a couple of toasts. He didn't look away when he saw Tony entering the kitchen. Tony headed to look for a cup to pour himself coffee. After pouring his coffee, he turned around, and Steve was waiting for him leaning on the counter.
Steve did not go to the past very far. Just a few months ago. The day of his birthday. Bucky would surely make fun of him and call him sentimental. Maybe he was. Steve was outside the cabin and could hear the music playing from the porch. He closed his eyes leaning on the wooden wall and remembered that moment as he listened to the melody.
"No, but I like the taste" Steve replied with a smile.
"OK, and it's not the fish wasn't excellent, but I think I'm hungry again," said Tony trying to sound ashamed.
"I'm not perfect,Tony. You know that," Steve said looking down ashamed.
He would only have waited a few hours, and Wong would have done his magic to return them to their bodies. Now the simple act of running the soap through Steve's body had him paralyzed again. He would do it very quickly, and everything would end, he told himself. When he started passing the soap, he heard a sigh. For a moment he did not know where it came from until he realized it had been himself. This could not be happening, but Steve's cock was reacting to all the dirty thoughts that were ravaging his head and he could not avoid.
"Yes, of course," Steve replied a little surprised and giving him one of the coffees.
"Wong and the other sorcerers, people from Wakanda. I think they are sorcerers too, have also came. Even we are trying our best to find a solution, but neither of us haven't found it yet." Rhodey spoke, and Tony could see the concern in his eyes.
That made Steve almost bite him, trying to avoid the involuntary movement of his own hips. Steve wanted to caress every sensation, every part of Tony's body, to get drunk on him until he felt whole. Then another kiss, more exploratory and provocative, one that appropriated of Tony lips as if they were his. He tasted them, caressed them and even with small bites his mouth made his shiver. Tony had wrapped his legs around him as if bringing him closer was his only purpose. Their hands went over every part of their bodies they could reach. Steve was carried away by the sensations and felt like something burst inside his chest.
"The Captain is still in the compound, Sir."
. Tony stopped and looked at the closet with all her clothes. Everything was still there intact. Objects that also cried out because of the loneliness and abandonment. He approached and took a piece of her clothes, brought it to his face and could still feel her smell. He no longer cared if it was only his imagination, for him it was her smell, it was her, his Pepper, his life. Suddenly, his thoughts rusted with the uncertainty of how it had happened. He saw them vanish in front of his eyes, he thought. Peter had turned to dust in his hands, and she too had vanished.
Tony closed his eyes smiling. Fatigue washed over his body with every second. He wanted to be awake, talk to Steve. They should talk...
told him. So, he could not be selfish, and about all, irresponsible with an entire world to whom he claimed was going to protect.
A general cheering was heard, and everyone began to give each other hugs and kisses celebrating the new year.
Steve sighed, he couldn't lie into his eyes. He distanced from Tony and headed to a window. From there the garden of the compound could be seen. He took a deep breath and repeated the words Strange had said to him.
"But what does it mean?" Steve asked Tony.
"Did you get some rest?» Steve asked.
"Hey, are you alright?," Steve worriedly said touching his face.
body. He closed his eyes and felt the blast of heat. Now he would return to his body, and everything would return to normal. He would forget all this and his life would take its course. Out of nowhere he felt a force was attracting him, like he was falling. He opened his eyes breathing hard and looked at himself in front of him, also surprised and short of breath.
While Steve was denying himself accepting his love, he for his part didn't fight out of cowardice. He just ran into Pepper's arms and made love to her.
They were enjoying the walk through the different stands of the fair. This was a more neutral space. Here the air was different, people's spirits were different. Everyone was cheerful, captivated, so joyful walking around and buying from the peddlers the memories of that day. There was a freedom that allow them to be jubilant, as if the world should stop because the town was united to celebrate.
"I'm better because you're here," Tony replied . "But it was very painful," he sighed. "Still is."
Enough. He would call
"Thank you," Steve said. "I can't believe I fell asleep. What time is it?" Steve asked astonished.
Steve's words took him out of his reverie, and Tony took off his clothes and went into the lake. The water was very refreshing, not too cold or too hot, perfect for cooling. Tony took some dives and then approached Steve who was with a big smile from ear to ear. Steve looked genuinely happy, and Tony couldn't help smiling with the same satisfaction. He moved a little closer and Steve was already wrapping him with his arms. They kissed, and Tony wrapped his legs around Steve. This time the kisses were slow, brief, intimate. Kisses in which their lips delighted in the presence of the other. When they stopped kissing, Tony caressed his face and with his thumb gently stroked those reddened lips. Steve closed his eyes for a moment, and Tony could understand the intensity of what Steve was feeling. He could feel it too. He didn't know how they got to that moment, but he knew he should be there with Steve.
«I need you,» Tony said looking at him.
"Come on Tony, don't be so rude. Why don't you say hello to my new friend?" said Ultron's voice ringing throughout the compound.
_ _ _ _ _
The next morning, Tony was in his lab reviewing a design he had about a recycling project.  During the night, Steve's words had been an echo that remained for a long time. He had not recognized it before, but it was true. Sometimes he gave up in a considerable
"I can't do this," Steve said staring at him. "I'm sorry." He left the room.
"I love you," Tony said staring at him. "I am in love with you, Steve Rogers," he took him by the neck. "
"Welcome back," Natasha said with a smile.
could not do anything.
Steve softly laughed. "I can imagine it."
Steve followed him to the second floor where there were several rooms. Without thinking, or so he wanted to think, Tony pointed the room next to his.
Steve smiled. "You read my mind," he said and kissed him.
«We could ride one of the attractions» Steve said smiling.
Tony smiled with that mischievousness in his eyes Steve loved so much. He knew Steve was provoking him on purpose. They stared at each other, and Steve felt an electricity run through his body at the touch of Tony's hand. How could it be possible the simple touch of him could overwhelm him?
"You don't have to," Steve answered honestly, and Tony could feel the calm in his heart.
«I think, I had never been in one. Or I honestly don't remember if I went to one when I was little» responded Tony doubting.
"Good morning, Sir. The lady tells me you will give me the luggage," said the driver kindly.
She was gone, and he only had her memories left and now those talks. So exclusive and intimate, because they were only theirs.
Steve smiled, shaking his head defeated.
After catching his breath for an instant, Tony turned around and Steve immediately took him by the neck to kiss him. At last, he kissed those lips again. He could finally close the distance that separated them in those tortuous weeks. Tony took him by the waist hugging him, stroking his back and groaning at Steve's welcoming tongue that savored him fervently.
"And you tell us this now? How the hell do I tell my soul to return to my body? And what damn lesson should I learn?" Tony kept shouting to silence his own thoughts. To silence all the implications of what he had seen, lived, heard from Steve. He wanted to run, although that was not the solution. He needed to get some air, so he left the room listening his name behind him.
"We are very tired, for the first time in 6 months we can have a beer quietly. Give us 2 minutes and
with the same fascination.
«We do. I made you signed it last night while you were asleep,» Tony said closing the distance again and sucking Steve's lower lips.
"I can't believe it. You are flattering yourself," Tony told him.
"Oh, sure," Steve smiled.
"You cannot tell him why you are there, but you can assure him you are there because I told you. He will understand," Strange told him.
_ _ _ _ _
Tony arrived at the cabin, texted Rhodey and went straight to take a cold shower. Later, he went to the kitchen and prepared something to eat even when he wasn't really hungry.
