Castiel looked positively taken aback at the suggestion. “I can’t borrow that from you. It’s too special.”
Dean can usually watch videos with friends like this no problem. Hell, there was one weekend he spent with Charlie plastered against him the entire time only taking breaks to go to the bathroom or getting up to pay the food delivery people, watching the entire extended Lord of the Rings series. Dean hadn’t given it a second thought spending so much time in close proximity to another person. But with Cas beside him, something is different and he’s having a hard time placing what it is. Maybe it’s just the need to protect him from the vicious stories that he hears that fans the flames he feels when their thighs are touching, knee to hip with no space in between them. It can’t be anything else. Dean’s protective of his friends and Castiel is now in that category.
“Charlie, I know you love a good story and you know you can’t rush those. Now keep your shirt on,” Ms. Hanscum admonishes, hands on her hips. “Let me tell you this story.”
Ms. Hanscum continues to look confused for a moment and Charlie could swear she saw the gears turning in her head and the exact moment it all clicks. She throws her head back and laughs, “Oh, that's the most popular topic. I didn't know people called it ‘shipping.’ We just call it regular ol’ gossip.”
“Oh, just funny little things that happen. Some of the stranger test answers we get. Oh, and definitely how we can tell when students are TEXTING when they're not supposed to be. That means you, Krissy.”
“And I’m a Princeknight,” Dean boasted, flipping to a drawing of himself. Seeing the question on Donna’s face, he continued, “I wanted to be both, and a Prince can do that. Look.” On this page, there was Prince Dean, wearing a helmet that was half crown, and looking regal on his black horse. “My horse is named Impala. That’s after my Dad’s car. It’s also black.”
Cas’ head whips up so fast, if Dean hasn't been so preoccupied with processing his shock, he would probably be wondering if Cas for whiplash from that.
Cas scrambles to turn off the mixer. “You need to add dry ingredients slowly when the mixer is on,” Cas says, flour shaking from his chin and eyebrows with the movement of his mouth. “And at a lower speed.” There is a mound of flour beside the mixer and it’s in a fine layer on the rest of the counter.
“What? He ran away? What was he running from? That kid didn't look like he could scare anyone. Where do you even get this garbage from?”
“It’s good that I have your permission because I probably would have started calling you that anyway.” Dean aims his dirty napkin to the garbage can and throws. He misses and because of that, he probably didn’t put enough thought into what he says next. “Ever get told that ‘Castiel’ is a mouthful?”
Dean felt hot. His cheeks must be so red with embarrassment and he can feel it spreading. The heat is in his chest and making his limbs heavy. It's strange. Even though he knew that Cas was gay, having never seen Cas doing anything even remotely sexual in nature, he'd sort of forgotten that Cas is indeed a sexual being. It's definitely not forgotten now. How could it be when Dean had a front row seat to the Cas Show?
Dean had not been expecting that to happen. At all. He pulled back sharply. “Okay, but that's not going to help us get work done,” Dean told him.
“They’re your friends, too! Of course they’ll want to play with you! Vic, get over here!” Dean bellowed the last part. “Cas can play, too, right?”
“You might be a better teacher than I thought.” Dean gives Cas a Look before letting him continue. “I think you need to keep teaching me.”
“What do we do? I guess I have to throw it harder…” Cas trails off and Dean can't help but laugh at him. Cas only glares at him.
Castiel was genuinely confused and asked, “No? Why should you be jealous of all things?” This was the first time in three weeks they were in the same room. Bartholomew had just walked in the door for movie night, and this is what they were spending time talking about?
Dean still hasn’t quite been able to pinpoint exactly what it is about Castiel that makes his heart speed up. They’ve known each other for less than a week and most of it has been pretty embarrassing. There is actually no reason why this extremely handsome, kind man should be effecting him this way.
Dean chuckles at his silly husband and shuts his eyes. “Happy anniversary to you too…Dear.” He gets a light swat on the arm.
Cas looks a little uncertain, but he says okay. They program their names into the computer and get ready to start.
Mr. Hood had jumped a foot, clearly startled. Dean did just sneeze on the back of his head. His eyes shoot down to his shoes.
“Bartholomew,” the other student said. “That's a real shame you have to go. I couldn't convince you to skip, could I?”
“Dean.” Sam's voice has a hint of warning to it. “What are you going to do when you find out who it is?”
Time felt like it was breezing by. Castiel saw Dean nearly every day and he couldn’t remember the last time he had been so inspired with his art. He knew he was prioritizing his time with Dean over Bartholomew, but with how much work he was been producing, he couldn’t bring himself to be too upset. He let Dean have artistic license with his comic’s upcoming story arc and was thinking about asking him to contribute more for the next one. It was his creation, too, after all.
Dean puts it down again and goes back to the kitchen. He opens the fridge and thinks about dinner. He has ketchup and half a can of beans. There is nothing he can make with that. He checks the cupboards. A dented can of soup. Yes. That means it’s pizza night.
The next time movie night rolled around, Dean couldn’t attend. Cole snagged them tickets to some show for the night so the three of them were in Jo’s dorm, crowded together on her single bed, Arrested Development playing on the TV in the background. It was the perfect opportunity for Castiel. Jo passed him the bowl of popcorn during a lull in their conversation and he decided to dive right in with his concern.
She must lose track of the time because the next thing she notices is her classroom door being shut. She opens her eyes in surprise, but calms down immediately.
Like Dean can hear his thoughts, his eyes snap from the stovetop searching for bacon to Castiel and the bowl he's holding.
“I do tend to avoid brawls,” Cas says solemnly. “Well, let's go home. I've got some bandages and a bottle of whiskey we can finish.”
“They're expecting their first child in four months,” Ms Jones gushes, “Jo agreed to be their surrogate.” She turns thoughtful. “I'm not sure she was the best choice though. I've never seen her crabbier than she is right now.”
Dean smiled before saying, “I guess I can be okay with that. Victor is a pretty good guy to be friends with, too.”
With the ease that Dean presented, one might have been concerned with him overshadowing the quiet Castiel, but Dean had a natural knack for knowing when to stop talking because Castiel had something to add. Donna couldn’t quite tell if it was because Dean was a natural at presenting or if it was the affinity he had developed with Castiel.
“There's going to be another one, too,” Castiel told him. “My Uncle Balthazar sent me this one from England. I could ask him to send a copy for you, too…if you want.”
Jody comes closer with a look of concern and walks behind the desk to Donna, “You okay? How was your day?”
The bus pulls to a stop in front of Dean. He can already see that the windows are fogged up inside. He cringes inside at the thought of another sweltering bus ride, and can already feel the sweat rolling down his spine. The doors creak open and a blast of warm, moist air hit him. The bus was already almost full, but he had just enough space. As long as no one else is going to get on, that is.
“I’m getting some serious mixed messages from you. Don’t you usually love everyone? Something about not judging people? You’re getting all gossipy on me.”
The second hand is clearly moving, but the clock might as well be stopped, it’s going so slowly. The ticking and tocking of the second hand driving her crazy. It’s the last day of classes before spring break and Charlie is fairly confident it might actually be going backwards at this point. The energy in the room is radiating the same restlessness that she’s feeling. Her whole week is planned out (LARPing camping trip next weekend, a truly epic D&D campaign she’s been working on for the last three months, lots and lots of sleep, and best of all, her first date with Dorothy tonight!) and sitting here during this reading period is driving her up the wall. Even Ms. Hanscum, their English teacher, seems to be eager to go. Charlie has seen her glance at the clock over her shoulder several times while grading. Taking a quick look around the room, it doesn't look like anyone is reading like they're supposed to be.
Bart looked unimpressed. “Cassie, it’s been almost a month since we last were in the same room. I’m glad you’re helping your friend, but can we not talk about Dean for five minutes?” He leaned into Castiel’s personal space. “I can think of lots of other fun things we could do to catch up…” he let the statement dangle, the implication apparent.
They didn’t wind up watching anything else, instead scrolling the categories endlessly trying to choose something and getting distracted by the summaries and trailers.
Dean stepped forward and dipped Cas. Castiel laughed as Dean kissed him. They stood upright again and smiled at their friends and family as they cheered.
Dean looked at his lap. “Yeah, he probably is still teaching…” He lingered before continuing, “That’s not where I was going, though. Do you remember what those notes said?”
"No, Dean," Cas says in horror. "This is your gift. You can't help to make it," he pauses with a head tilt. "That's a rule, isn't it?"
Bartholomew whistled. “That’s dedication right there. Well, I couldn’t convince you to meet with me again later? Maybe after I put a dent in Interview?”
“She makes me feel things,” Dean asserts. Cas shakes his head affectionately. “So I was thinking about these things and I realized that it doesn’t matter that we didn’t get together earlier. We starting dating when we did and it was the right time for us.” He shrugs before continuing. “It makes no difference. We’re together now, still, and we’re happy.”
“You’re a real piece of work,” Castiel told him, shaking his head. “Fine, you pest. We find out later on that dragons can transform into people, and it’s almost impossible to tell a dragon from a person. The kingdom has been rounding them up when they find a confirmed dragon and slaughtering them, so the dragons have kidnapped Sam in ransom.”
“So, tell me, man.” Good start, Dean. “Why didn’t you have a roommate?” Castiel raises a suspicious eyebrow and Dean can feel his confidence starting to plummet already, but he ploughs ahead anyway. He can fake it. “There are some rumours that I’ve heard, and I gotta say, I don’t believe a one.”
They've been living together for nearly four weeks now. Cas is great to live with. He's quiet, tidy, and keeps to himself most of the time. Dean can usually get him talking and they fall into easy conversation. Dean still doesn't know why Castiel’s last roommate left and Cas avoids that topic like the plague.
“There you go.” Dean looks up to Castiel’s eyes. You’d think that for such blue eyes, they’d look cold, but all Dean can see is warmth in them.
Dean is sitting in the Impala outside the library waiting for Cas. He drums his fingers on the steering wheel in his impatience. Cas’ shift had ended ten minutes ago and with each passing second, Dean can feel his heart rate increase in his anticipation. He really wishes he could control that.
“Uhh, nowhere in particular,” she explains. “It's really just seeing you two together…You're obviously friends. It's not that hard to see more,” Charlie drops her chin to her chest. “I'm sorry if that weirds you out or offends you. I didn't mean for that.”
“Hey, kiddo,” Ms. Hanscum says softly. “I don't mind. It's okay. You can think what you'd like and it won't bother me.”
“I don’t want to talk about this anymore,” Cas moaned in annoyance. “I’ve had enough truth for one night. Can we go back to rewatching Arrested Development now? I’m sorry for being a downer.”
Dean and Castiel were closer than ever and Donna could barely remember a time when Dean was without Castiel. They may as well had been joined at the hip. They were found at recess playing soccer and tag with the others, their classmates embracing Castiel fully, though Castiel now always played on Dean’s team.
“So you were getting very introspective the other day. Hmm, does that mean you were listening to Taylor Swift again?” Cas teases.
He boots up his laptop rather than call in his order because he has self restraint, damn it. Dean is feeling proud of himself for that so he decides that double cheese is deserved. He places his order and logs onto Facebook for a minute. He has a new pending friend request from a certain “Puke Party”. Dean clicks to the profile page. No friends in common, no photos of a real person. Why would he add this person back when he has no idea who they are? He’s thinking about that when he finally realises that he didn’t actually tell Cas who was texting him. He lunges for his phone.
“Listen,” Cole started. Dean already knew where this was going after studying with him in the past. “We've been at this for a while now. Wanna get a snack or something? Drink? Dinner?”
“Wait, are you…breaking up with me over this?” Castiel was stunned. He didn’t think that would have been the outcome of this evening. And as upsetting as a break up was…he didn’t feel anger at Bart for saying it.
“Dean,” Cas says, placing his hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Just leave it. Let’s just go.” There’s something in his voice that makes Dean feel uneasy. He can’t pinpoint it right now, but he knows that Uriel is the cause of this and he’s gotta do something about this.
Cas thinks it over before responding. “I just didn’t want you to think I was weak for letting him speak to me like that, or for letting him spread lies about me.” A smile crosses his face when he adds drily, “Plus you punched him after only meeting him. I'd hate to see what you would have done if you knew all of this then.”
He was not ready for this. This conversation, this moment, this anything. He wasn’t ready for his family to move away after the eighth grade, he wasn’t ready for Dean to be out of his life when he was only thirteen. He wasn’t ready for Dean to be back in his life when he never expected it to even happen. He wasn’t ready for Bart to break up with him even if the feelings weren’t there. He wasn’t ready to be out of school and in the real world, but that was a different crisis to deal with later.
Dean finally spins and leaves, taking wider strides than usual or else he’ll never get out of there.
“Did you know the kids talk about us sometimes? Charlie Bradbury thinks we're a couple or at least wants us to be. They call it ‘shipping.’”
“I don’t know why it matters right now. We’re not actually dating. Are we watching this movie or what?” he grumbled at them.
Dean shrugs. That's how he figured the night would go anyway. He takes his turn--getting a spare, thank you very much--while Cas watches and snacks and he decides this just isn't right. How have they been bowling without beer? So while Cas is up, Dean heads to the bar armed with little more than his give ‘em hell attitude (and definitely not a valid piece of ID) and he leaves with two pitchers.
“Okay, I've finished the outline,” Dean told Cole. Other people might have been upset at Cole's lack of work, but Dean knew he just needed a bit of direction and he would dive right in. Cole would choose the areas he wanted to work on and Dean would do the rest.
“Oh, already? Amazing!” Cas perks up. “I have the electric mixer set up so we can start making the batter now.”
Cas grins easily, nose scrunching. “Thank you, Dean. Now, I’d like to kiss you again, if that’s okay.”
They didn't speak excessively during the movie, but Dean didn't care even though his choice won. Castiel was sitting beside him. Someone he didn't think he would ever get to meet again. Their thighs touched on the loveseat and Dean felt downright giddy.
“It’s okay. I’m fine,” the man tells him. “You should be getting off the bus though. It’s waiting for you.” Dean blinks at that and suddenly remembers that things are actually still happening around him.
“Yes!” Dean exclaims out loud. He gets a few glances for his outburst before he realizes that he should probably text his
Donna was supposed to have a free period right now, but the district couldn’t find a sub, so in a scramble the staff were filling in with their prep time. She had lucked out on her assigned period because they had a test coming up and they had been directed to have a study period. The only real sounds were the turning of pages, the scratching of pencils, and the scuffing of feet. If they were passing notes, they were at least being quiet.
“I don’t know who you are, and it doesn’t matter. I don’t like you.” And that’s all the warning Uriel receives before he gets a fist to the face.
Cas sighs in relief. “I guess that gives you a pass. But it’s not in my hand yet, so...” His hand appears from the depths of his blanket and makes a grabby motion.
They're starting their fourth pitchers. It turns out Cas does like beer, as long it's not the cheap water that Dean started them with. Their scores are really nothing to write home about, Cas having a grand total of fourteen at the end of the first game and Dean with a much better one seventy five. Cas is still rambling about learning how to throw better as he gets progressively more drunk. A chip lining in their stomachs isn't anywhere near enough to stave off drunkenness. And so what if it’s making Dean a little more handsy than he usually is? Cas wants to learn how to bowl better and he’s not getting any better through words alone. And maybe he's doing a bit better this game now that Dean's getting behind him and guiding his arm. He's sure not getting any worse.
pie. It’s easily the best thing in the world. Why aren’t we making pie for this bake sale? I’d buy them all from you in a heartbeat!” Dean exclaims.
on the couch and when Bartholomew asked him to be his boyfriend (so formal!) Castiel said yes. They’d clicked, and though Castiel wasn’t sure he’d felt that spark he’d heard so much about, he could give it a try.
He speaks animatedly with the man the entire trip, not even noticing the time pass or whatever it is that is jabbing into his back. He almost misses the recording that announces that it is his stop.
Dean is done work at six, so they make plans for Castiel to come to the garage to meet him. His heart rate is finally able to return to normal for the first time all evening.
Castiel had just finished shoveling a handful of popcorn into his mouth when Dean started speaking, so he raised his eyebrows in acknowledgement.
“I haven’t really had much time to read lately, but I think it was American Gods by Neil Gaiman. I don’t know why I told you the author. I’m sure you know him. Who doesn’t?” Damn, Dean feels himself getting rambly again.
“Dean, didn't you see the sock?” Cas asks. There's a tone in his voice that Dean just can't quite place and he's still just. What. What just happened.
It wasn’t until September that Donna found out that Castiel’s family had moved away during the summer. She heard through the grapevine of administration that his father got a transfer due to a promotion and that they moved out of state.
There's a boy around Dean's age sitting on the bed on the left, the bed on the right is bare. He's holding a book loosely in his hand, questioning look on his face. His hair is slightly too long, covering his ears and falling into his eyes but doing nothing to hide his bright blue eyes. Dean does everything he can to not have at how handsome this boy is and he's pleased to say that he succeeded.
It was really the first time Donna had seen Castiel at recess with a friend, not a book (though she would normally be excited to see kids reading for fun. That was not a weak spot for Castiel, really), and her heart soared.
There was a moment of silence as everyone processed what Dean had just done, before Victor, Castiel, and the other kids nearby burst into laughter.
Castiel gives Dean a small smile and he can’t help but think that he looks like a kicked puppy. “Well, if you’re sure…”
“Ah, you must be Dean,” the boy says. “I'm Castiel. Castiel Novak.” He politely sticks his hand out. Dean reaches for it and they exchange smiles.
"Hang on a sec," he tells Cas. He pulls his phone from his robe pocket and opens the camera. "Give me a smile." So Cas does as he's asked and Dean snaps a photo (or several). "Perfect," Dean tells Cas, showing him the photo.
They walk to the bowling alley. It’s early December, but oddly warm out so they’ve chosen to walk. Dean’s leather coat is open and Cas’ scarf is wrapped loosely around his neck.
He walks towards the back of the library in search of this other desk. The path is slightly winding with all of the book shelves, but he is able to find it. And of course there isn’t anyone there. Dean walks around the desk and sits himself down on the computer chair. He puts the coffee and donuts down and reclines back as far as the chair will go, hands behind his head. This desk is in a great spot to lean back like this. There is a skylight just above the desk. It’s a clear night and the stars are out. He lets his mind wander for a little while.
of all things? He’s only been thinking about Castiel all day, with his blue eyes and scruffy good looks. Normal things.
Castiel might have left out the part where he wasn't paying complete attention at the beginning of their call because he was messaging Dean, but Bartholomew sometimes seemed to have a sixth sense about things. “So, how's Dean?”
Dean stares at his phone. He keyed in Castiel’s phone number into it about an hour ago and has still not texted him. Dean has waited all day before texting him. And it’s not because he’s
As the bus starts to move Dean settles into his little corner, already absorbing the heat of the bus. Everyone seems to be wearing bigger and puffier coats than before. Sure, it’s colder out today, but is it really necessary? Really? The person in front of him seems to have the biggest hood Dean has ever seen. Why does this person even still have a hood on? The inside of this bus feels like a sweltering 90 degrees. Dean feels his temperature rise just thinking about all the layers this person must be wearing.
Stephanie huffs and hops off the bed. “Fine. But this was your only chance and you just ruined it.” Dean just gives her a look while she collects her belongings. “And just so you can spend time with this drug addict? Yeah, okay.” She shoots Cas a glare that would have made most people wither under it, but Cas just blinks blandly at her. Even more upset now, Stephanie slams the door shut on her way out so hard a frame falls off the wall.
“Dean, stop being so mean to Jo,” Alex scolded, while gracefully sitting herself down in Jo’s newly vacated seat, setting the popcorn on the coffee table. “She’s trying to make you social, and have more than us and your boyfriend. Where is Cole anyway?” she asked.
“I'm sorry about Stephanie,” Dean says. “You and I never really set any ground rules for bringing girls back here and it seemed like a good chance to take. And you've never brought a girl back either.”
Dean wished he hadn’t been in such a rush to get off the bus yesterday. He definitely wouldn’t have kicked that laptop bag. What a first impression that is.
“This my baby.” Dean confirms with a smile and pats her on the dashboard. “She’s a ‘67 Chevy Impala. Best year.”
Dean feels a burst of warmth in his chest. Wasn’t he cold just now? It seems like such a distant memory already.
“Thanks for the concern, but I’ll be fine, Mom. Now help me put my bedding on. I can't wait to use this memory foam topper.”
“A pimp,” Dean says. It’s not even a question. “Sammy, you think that kid is a pimp? I guess he’s hiding the fur coat and chalice under the bed, huh? Come on, Sam. Did we even see the same person when we walked in together?”
“Good morning, everyone!” Donna projected over the commotion of her twenty-odd students as they came into her classroom. They clamored to their seats and garbled out “Good morning, Ms. Hanscum,” before they settled down.
“Jeez, Cas, lighten up. It's just a job,” but Dean couldn't help the flush in his cheeks at the compliment.
Cas' three prints are from Nut and Bee, a now defunct company that used to have the most adorable illustrations. The kitchen image is curtesy of Google image search.
Donna tidied her recent pile of graded papers. She was not usually so interested in who was friends with who, but she really lucked out with this group. She didn’t think she had had a more amicable group of ten year olds before. She couldn’t quite pinpoint why, but she was fairly certain that some of that could be attributed to the influence of one Dean Winchester.
Bart smiled in response and if Castiel hadn’t been so blissful, he might have seen that Bart still looked uncertain. Instead, Cas took his hand and pulled him to the couch for their planned evening of Netflix and junk food.
“Oh, I know. You seem to be less of a little shit now, though. Maybe you don’t need a babysitter present anymore.”
Cas nods again and seems a little less unsure. He gets into position, the purple glittery ball raised behind him. He takes three steps forward and swings the ball. It speeds into the lane--and heads nearly immediately into the gutter.
Castiel smiled a little bashfully, hand coming up to rub the back of his neck. “It's uh, actually because of the comics we used to draw as kids. I kept it up after then. Being able to draw helped me through all those hard teenage years,” he ended with a small laugh.
“Let's keep it down, okay?” she told them. They both nodded and looked back down at their textbooks, giving some semblance of studying. She returned to her desk at the front of the room and looked back at her papers. This wasn’t something she had expected to discover when she read their notes. She had been expecting jokes about butts or boobs or whatever thirteen year old boys talked about.
It's only been a few hours since they were last outside, but with the sun having set, the temperature has dropped considerably. They've both bundled up as much as they can and they're relieved they are so close to home. It gives Dean a bit of time to think about what has just happened and he realizes that Castiel didn't acknowledge or deny that he has a history with Uriel. Could he… could he be the ex-roommate?
“Of course,” Cas told him, “I had to make sure you got your payment.” He reached into his pocket again and pulled out a twenty dollar bill and handed it over. “Besides, I’ve never been happier to lose a bet.”
“Cas, man, you can't just do that. He's gotta be stopped. This is getting out of hand. Sam's girlfriend at another school knew about you. And what if someone takes it too seriously and the chip get involved? That could go on a permanent record. And what if--”
. He can’t remember the last time he actively chose to come to the library without Sam. He walks to the main desk, coffee tray in one hand and donuts in the other. There is a young woman sitting behind it focusing very intently on the computer. She doesn’t look up until Dean is directly in front of her and he has cleared his throat.
“No, we’re more at risk of her watching on the security cameras. But I do actually have a lot to work on tonight as someone had called in sick today. I know I won’t get it all done if you’re here. You’re a bit of a distraction for me.”
They hit play and the show continued as they settled back to their spots on Jo’s bed. Alex’s arm wraps around Cas’ shoulders and Jo’s warmth was pressed against his other side; he felt calm again. He was glad to have them in his life, as glad as he was to have Dean in it again.
Dean showed her one more drawing of the two of them. This time they both had wands that were pointing at glasses filled with brown. “We can turn water into chocolate milk. It’s both of our favourite drinks!” Dean told her. The two boys smiled at each other.
If it were anyone else, Dean feels like this might be considered awkward, but Castiel’s smile is just so nice.
Bart stopped pacing and spun around to face Castiel. “Cas. It’s not your friends. It’s just Dean. You only talk about him now. It’s “Dean this” and “Dean that.” I’m just tired of it, Cassie.”
“Oh, really? What else do you know how to make? Do you know how to make pie?” Dean can’t even contain the excitement in his voice.
They both emerge from the bus, cold air chilling Dean rapidly. He hasn’t yet had the chance to do his coat back up or put his scarf back on.
Cas laughs at Dean. “Well, I was going to make two apple, obviously because it’s a classic, one to sell in slices and the other to sell whole, and the third would be blueberry, because I make the best blueberry pies.”
Sam throws his hands up in defence. “Hey! I’m not saying I believe these rumours. I’m just telling you what Jess told me.”
“So I shouldn’t be jealous?” Bartholomew asked, eyebrow raised high. He unwrapped his scarf and shrugged out of his coat.
Dean gasped in mock offense. “I will always need a babysitter. Especially the sexy kind.” He waggled his eyebrows, which just set Cas off on a laughing fit.
“Nope, I'm cramming tonight. I have a test on five chapters tomorrow. Remember, I said at the beginning of this call I was taking a breather?”
Dean swallows, eyes drawn to Cas’s thick thighs automatically. Cas might hear him because he makes eye contact with Dean, pecans still at his mouth and he raises an eyebrow in question. Dean shakes himself back to attention. “Don’t forget you’re human now,” he pulls open a drawer of utensils, “and the dentist is expensive. Use scissors instead of your teeth.” He’s gruff, but not unkind and Castiel gives him an affectionate smile before pouring the pecans into the pie shell. They get the pie in the oven and set a timer and Dean turns to the recipes he’d printed out for today. He’s got a lot planned and that means a lot to do, but he’s wanted to do this for a long time now and this seemed like the perfect time.
“You weren’t that excited when he first asked you out. Do you remember?” Cas didn’t want to remember, but he knew he asked Jo over for a reason. She was blunt and this is what he needed.
“I think it was all Cas. You were on the other side of the room, you didn’t see Dean’s reaction,” Ms. Jones says.
“They spent the rest of the night talking things out, figuring out where their relationship was going. Dean was never one to talk about feelings, but being friends before helped.”
"We make our own rules," Dean tells him with a kiss to his cheek. "And we can definitely make our own Christmas traditions too. If you want my help, I'm all in but if you don't that's okay too." He lowers their hands still holding on though and looks around the kitchen. "Now how about we eat?"
Dean sits there sputtering a moment longer while Cas watches him. Then Cas is laughing heartily at him. “I can't keep it in anymore. You look ridiculous.”
Dean already doesn’t like him. His buzz evaporates instantly and moves in between the two men and tries his best to be intimidating, drawing himself up to his full height and squaring his shoulders. “Listen, Chuckles. Show’s over. Time to move on.”
Castiel must notice Dean’s hesitation because he smiles again and leans in as well. He swoops a quick peck on Dean’s cheek and pulls back before Dean can even react. Dean feels overwhelmingly warm, his blush creeping down his neck. He rights himself and clears his throat.
“Wow, guys! That sounds like a great story you’ve put together!” Donna felt warm inside at how passionate they were about their creation and this time definitely patted herself on the back a little bit for putting them together.
Almost like the stranger can hear Dean’s thoughts, the hood comes down. Into Dean’s face. It would have been okay. Dean realizes that there is no space on the bus. And really, where would it have gone other than into his face? But this hood. It has the largest amount of fur trim. And it settles perfectly under Dean’s nose. Nearly immediately, he feels the urge to sneeze. He cranes his neck into an unnatural angle to avoid the fur. There’s no way he’ll be able to maintain this pose for the rest of his ride.
“But they also have to solve the mystery of how the dragons got to Sam, Prince Sam, in the first place,” Dean picked up.
“Look at the centre pin. You want to try and knock that one over. At the very least, you'll knock the most over that way.”
, giggling at funny passages they made sure the other didn't miss, sometimes reading them aloud to each other while their classmates did the same.
“That would be perfect. It will give us plenty of time to make up for our shortened night tonight.” Cas grins at Dean and he can feel himself start to flush again. Oh, what he’d give to be able to control that bodily function.
Dean looks up at the warm smile Castiel is giving him. He can feel the rest of his nerves evaporate and he returns the smile. There is no way to think ‘he wants me to visit him’ without sounding like a lovesick teenage girl.
“Why not?” Dean whined. “You can’t just tell me there’s a twist. I’ll spend the whole time reading it trying to guess what it is!” Castiel shot him a look that plainly said ‘are you serious?’ and Dean shrugged. “I don’t make the rules. I just make sure they’re enforced.”
But the truth is it made him uncomfortable for reasons he isn't sure he wants to analyse. So, instead, he shoves it down. He focuses on the test he has to study for. He leaves the classroom on Friday feeling confident. If he doesn't get at least an 85% on that, he'll be very surprised.
Garth sits up straighter, chair scraping the floor, book forgotten on his desk, “What d’y’all talk about?”
Cas couldn’t remember the last time he’d been so happy. It had been a month since Dean was back in his life and it was like they were never apart. It helped that they spent nearly all their free time together. Cas had become a fixture for the Friday night not-a-study-session movie marathons with Jo and Alex and he was happy to count the two women as friends as well.
“Of course,” Cas said, shaking his head in amusement. “You always insisted when we were kids, so how could I just make him a prince or a knight? Prince Dean steals what he needs from the armory before sneaking out of the kingdom dressed as a knight.”
Castiel’s raises an eyebrow. “Of course,” he says simply. Castiel absentmindedly raises his right hand to his mouth and pulls his glove off with his teeth. Dean wills his jaw not to drop and is very proud of his self restraint. Watching the glove dangling from Castiel’s mouth, Dean misses where the marker actually comes from.
Dean hears his stop being announced and his stomach flops at the thought of pushing through everyone to get off. He turns just as the bus lurches to a stop and his foot collides with a bag that is resting between a man’s feet. It looks like a laptop bag. Dean cursed under his breath at his luck of kicking what was probably an expensive laptop. He looks up to apologize and makes eye contact with clear blue eyes.
When the end of the year came and she saw her class off, it was always a bittersweet time. She was definitely looking forward to relaxing, but she knew she would miss having a group of kids to smile at her every day.
she had said. He can wait a week. He thinks. He’s curious, way too curious about this, but Cas seems thoroughly unconcerned with what’s being said about him. Dean can do that too.
“Sorry,” Cas said, rolling his eyes. There was something about Bart’s attitude tonight that had Cas completely put off. “I’ve been spending a lot of time with him the past few weeks, so of course I’d talk about him.”
Cas has just taken a turn, he’s spun to face Dean, arms raised in celebration because he’s just knocked over three entire pins in a single hit, Dean’s own arms are trapped on Cas’ shoulders where he’s let them fall. The pose is probably more innocent than it might look to an outsider (Dean just can’t tell anymore, Cas is just warm and soft, and everything feels good right now), but he could see how it could be “intimate.” Cas lowers his arms and focuses singularly on Dean and the bottom of his stomach falls out and he can't hear the noise around them anymore and all he can see is blue. He can't actually tell how long they're standing there for, but it feels like forever and it might not even be the beer.
Dean stretches when he wakes up. He yawns widely before turning over and burrowing further into the covers. He throws an arm over Cas, who doesn’t budge in the slightest. He can tell it’s still early from the dim sunlight streaming through their bedroom window. He doesn’t need to know the exact time. It’s Saturday and they have no real plans. Dean brushes his lips against Cas’ shoulder and he’s rewarded with a squirm. He kisses again with the same response. Kiss, squirm. Kiss, arm flail. Kiss, little grumble. Kiss, leg twitch. One last kiss gets him a loud annoyed groan.
Castiel sat up and crossed his arms at that. “What’s the implication here? Dean is my friend. It makes sense that I’d be looking forward to spend time with him. I look forward to spending time with you two also.”
They never established what exactly their relationship was, but if Dean had to categorize it, he'd say “friends with benefits” was closest. The most they had discussed was that they were exclusive and that Cole couldn’t always use making out as a way to get out of work. Just some of the time.
“It’s this guy I met in my elective. You know the world religions class I’m taking? I met him there. He’s an art major, studying illustration,” Jo explained. “He’s definitely a dork, but I think you two could be good friends.”
“Yes,” he said, but paused a moment to think before he continued. “Sort of. The last time he suggested a time, I already had plans with Dean. I didn’t want to cancel on him.” Cas frowned.
Dean mulls it over for a moment. Cas is probably right. And if this is what he wants, then he probably shouldn't interfere. It's just. So. Hard not to.
It was far from a passionate love affair, but they usually reached out to the other to go to things that might be considered date-like.
“Hey, buddy! Good morning,” he said wrapping his arms around Miracle and rocking the two of them back and forth in a deep embrace while he steals her warmth.
“Well, it was about twenty years ago now, when I was teaching grade school. Mid-way through November, there was a new student…”
He sits up rubbing his eyes and is steeling himself to leave his cozy bed (there’s no real getting used to how cold the bunker is first thing in the morning in winter) when his door is nudged open and a cream colored blur launches itself into the bed.
“No can do, mister,” Ms. Hanscum tsks at Aaron. “Especially with you. I know you're still on thin ice from being caught smoking behind the bleachers two weeks ago by Ms. Mills. You're lucky she only let you go with a warning.”
Dean sticks his hand out. “Hi, I'm Dean Winchester.” Cas takes his hand, not breaking eye contact while giving a firm shake. “I'm Castiel--Cas Novak. It's nice to meet you.”
Donna regretted asking him to do that almost immediately. He walked over to her desk at the front of the room, but she could see the way his features pinched at the question. Oh, he’s a shy one, she thought.
The day her students were scheduled to present their work was always an anxious one for them. She could feel the apprehension when they came in from recess.
Dean gets in behind Cas and begins to move Cas’ arm for him in a swinging motion. “Let's get you loosened up first. You're all tense.” Cas raises an eyebrow at that. “Not like that. No wonder you keep getting gutter balls. It's where your mind is.”
“I'm in a good mood and I'll congratulate you on whatever I feel like,” Dean says audaciously. “How about I help you a bit more closely this turn?”
. He's only just realized it and he's already said it. Guess that won't be a secret anymore. He doesn't even think he can blame it on booze anymore seeing as he doesn't feel even remotely drunk anymore. He could probably play it off as liking as a friend, but the seconds are ticking by leaving the statement dangling between them longer and longer and you know what?
“This is me, I gotta run. I’ll see you tomorrow?” He looks up expectantly at the stranger while he starts to move between people to the exit. He doesn’t expect the man to start pushing along right behind him. He definitely would remember if he had gotten off at the same stop yesterday.
“There’s nothing to make up for, but that would be nice.” Castiel’s smile fills his face and Dean can feel the flush in his cheeks. Is it still cold out? He’s definitely not feeling the cold on his face anymore, at least.
He knew there was nothing, no spark, no butterflies. And maybe he had been watching too much Dr. Sexy (is that possible?), but that was not what he wanted in a relationship.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “You’re being dramatic again, Bart. He was never my boyfriend. We were just best friends. And we were children. Besides,” Cas stepped into Bart’s personal space, hands on his chest, and gave him a quick peck on his mouth, “you are my boyfriend and I’m telling you, there’s no reason to be jealous.”
“That was our story!” Dean exclaimed. They were at Dean’s apartment for the evening just hanging out on the couch. He was on his laptop looking at Castiel’s webcomic. Castiel blushed slightly and nodded. “I thought you said your comic was about your everyday life. I can’t believe you’re still working on this…”
“Oh, I'm just reading this for fun. The movie was great, but the book is always better,” Castiel told him.
Cas sets Dean up at one end of the counter. He is surrounded by bags of flour, sugar, cocoa powder, and other ingredients that he definitely needs to read the labels of before grabbing. Castiel is at the other end of the counter pulling out everything else they will need for their baking marathon.
“You can’t just say things like that, Cas!” Dean says indignantly while blotting his mouth. He can feel that flush returning.
“Uriel was talking about how attractive the female teachers in the art department are, how he'd sleep with any of them if he got the chance, that sort of thing. I hadn't told him that I'm gay yet, but this seemed like a perfect opportunity. I mentioned that our art history teacher, Greg, is handsome. Uriel didn't take it well. I tried to backtrack by explaining that aesthetic attraction isn't the same as sexual attraction, but he wouldn't even try to understand, as he was too busy telling me how sick I am for being gay.” Cas shakes his head at the memory. “He refused to share a room with me anymore, storming out that night. I filed my grievance against him right away.”
“My name is Castiel.” Dean has definitely never heard that name before. It’s unique and Dean really likes the way it rolls off
Before heading home for the winter break, Bartholomew complained to Castiel. “We’ll never see each other. Not one of our classes line up!”
“I think that's fine. Don't be so nervous. Now, when you go to aim, don't watch the ball. Look at the pins. You need to look at where you want to ball to go.” Cas nods. “You can do this, Cas.”
“Then they track down the Yellow Parrot and they take jobs to sneak around,” Dean continued. His battered copy of
Dean falters at the question. He’s supposed to be asking the questions here. “Uhhh,” he says instead. “What have you heard?”
“I should probably tell you right about now that I don’t really bake. I barely cook. And I've never followed a recipe. I do make a mean burger, but I took years getting it just right…” He trails off when he makes eye contact with Cas who is watching him ramble. Dean just can't figure out what it is about Castiel that makes him ramble so often. What is it that makes him want to tell him everything?
“At the time when we started, we were reading the Hardy Boys and Harry Potter, so there were a lot of mysteries and magic with strong friendships. My comic is based on them. You’d know that if you read it...” Cas trailed off, letting the sentence dangle.
“Sorry, I didn't hear anything. You surprised me. I was getting used to living alone” Dean can hear Castiel's breath starting to steady already.
“Very much so, I’m very offended,” she teased. “Of course not! Text him now. I’ll clean up.” He nodded and went for his phone. He sent off a quick text asking Dean if he was free to come over now. By the time Dean replied saying he could be over in an hour, Jo had put all the ice cream away.
“He was being a bag of dicks and I had to do something,” Dean explains as he pulls his sweater over his head.
Castiel is turning out to be a really nice guy and Dean can't figure out the type of person that would spread these malicious lies about him. Or the reason why. Dean recalls the look of recognition on Cas’ face when he heard all of the rumours. Cas must know something about the origin of the stories. He figures that Cas will tell him when he's ready to, if ever, but the more time goes by and the closer he finds himself to Cas, the more upset he becomes over the whole situation. The terrible rumours aren't dying down, they're still spreading. Someone is keeping them alive and Dean wants to find out who that person is.
“Great! We'll talk then!” Castiel threw a quick wave to Bartholomew and booked it out of the café. It was only two days later before he received two messages in a row from Bartholomew.
They get to work pulling out all the ingredients for the filling. Castiel carefully fills the measuring cups and spoons with precision and Dean supervises, answering any questions Cas has. When Cas is done whisking the mixture, he removes his apron revealing his current favourite sweater with a majestic grey wolf on the front and hangs it up. He reaches for the cellophane package of pecan pieces and returns to the counter. Resting his foot on the stool in front of him, his pants pulling tightly against his thigh and he lifts the bag to his mouth and opens the package with his teeth.
Cas lifts his arm and let's the ball roll. This time, it makes it about halfway down the lane before falling into the gutter. He looks at Dean for feedback.
Alex leaned over and gave Castiel a hug. “You don’t need to apologize for that, kiddo. You can always come to us about your problems.” Jo nodded with a smile from where she was sitting.
“We got along great at the beginning. We even had an elective class together, art history, so we could complain about it to each other. I had just come out to my parents and they took it very positively, far better than I could have hoped for. They were my biggest worry, of course. I didn't think anyone else would be such a concern. And I certainly didn't want to live this secret in my own home.”
Poor little Castiel. Donna was right when she pinpointed him as a shy one. He was slow to make friends, would only participate in class if called on, and read quietly by the door at recess. And sue her. She had a soft spot for kids like that.
Last week, they had spent an hour in the school library looking at books to choose. This week they were spending class time dedicated to the assignment.
“Those are just the parts I was there for,” she explains. “There’s actually someone else that knows them. Hang on a sec.” She runs from the room. She probably should have gotten her when the story first started, but she’ll have to be okay jumping in half way.
“You should just read it yourself,” Cas laughed. “Castiel notices him as he’s leaving the Kingdom. He tries to stop the Prince, but ends up tagging along to make sure he stays safe.”
Castiel is back when Dean returns, now sitting at the desk, several books propped open in front of him, tapping his pencil.
Cas goes to the ball return selecting a purple ball with a glitter inlay and Dean eagerly digs into the nachos. It's probably because he's savouring the hot glorious cheese that he misses Cas first bowl. Dean hears the thud of the ball on wood, but it doesn’t sound right. Cas must have not known exactly how hard you have to throw the ball because when Dean looks up from his food, he can see it inching slowly towards the pins.
“I think that I’ve been waiting this whole time for you. I’ve been waiting for you to come back into my life. And I didn’t even realize.”
As the smell of the baking pecan pie fill the kitchen, it is no surprise to anyone that Dean decides that he will not be sharing his gift from Cas with anyone else.
Cas’ smile lights up his entire face as he nods. They lean into each other and their lips touch tentatively. It's chaste, and they're both shy now, but Dean still hears his pulse in his ears and his cheeks are hot. He’s never kissed another man before and he would have guessed the stubble would be strange, but he’s intoxicated by the scrape of it against his own. They pull apart slowly, eyes fluttering open and lock on each other and smile in unison. Dean feels so blissful.
Cas took a moment to think before he spoke. “Really, it's because it makes me happy. I needed to do something that made me happy for a change,” he smiled serenely at Dean before changing the topic. “How about you? What program are you in?”
When they were not running around with their friends, Donna knew she’d be able to find them sprawled out on the bleachers. Sometimes they read, back-to-back; other times they shared comics, with Dean turning the pages because Cas read more quickly.
They walk into the alley, immediately hit with the sounds of bowling balls hitting the ground, pins falling, and upbeat 90s pop classics paired with the smells of stale beer and foods that are bad for you. Dean is thrilled. He's been a good student lately and he's excited to cut loose for a bit. The first order of business, after securing a lane, is ordering two dishes of these amazing nachos. It's not that he considers himself to be a foodie, but he'll be the judge of how amazing these nachos are.
Jo scowled at him. “Well, I was gonna tell you about someone I think you’d get along with, but now I’m not gonna.”
It's Friday night. There are three more days until Charlie can hack the dorm’s records for him. He is doing really well when it comes to not thinking about that or catching Cas with that guy, “Balthazar” Cas had called him. When he'd finally returned to the room that night, Cas had apologised profusely and he knew that they had never finalised the sock on the doorknob thing, but Cas hoped Dean would see it and not come in, but it's okay because they just laughed it off and Dean felt sick. He'd told Cas that it was fine and laughed along stiffly in all the right spots.
And Dean just laughs, "I know!" he reassures Cas. "I'm just kidding with you." He clasps his other hand on top of Cas's. "Do you want help?"
“Cas…” Dean said softly, but Cas didn’t let him say more. “I don’t think I would have said I felt like my life was missing anything until you came back into it. Now when we’re not together, there’s a hole in my heart until you’re back by my side.”
“Yikes. I was just reflecting on some stuff. I told the kids about Dean and Cas and their grand love story today. I musta lost track of the time.”
Dean really wants to broach the subject, but he's still not sure how. He hangs up his own cost and is turning on their space heater when Cas returns, bandages and antibiotic in hand.
Jo gasped in horror. “And you dated him for six months knowing that? Castiel!” She shook her head in mock offense. “That should have been your first clue he wasn’t right.”
She was really not a fan of supervising at recess when the weather got too cold out, but seeing the kids bundled up and playing was enough to keep Donna warm when it was her turn. That and her travel mug of fresh coffee. She was circling the field where she could see Dean trying to convince Castiel that soccer was fun.
Castiel’s eyes nearly pop out of his head. “Please tell me you started with the worst one,” he gasps. Dean cringes. “The others are worse?” Castiel visibly pales before Dean's eyes.
Dean looked at the bill and just laughed. He pulled Cas close again, arms behind Cas’ neck and they kissed. From where she was, Alex could see the note. It simply said, “You won.”
“Oh my god, you two already know each other?” Jo asked. “And after all that whining…” Alex peeked around the corner to see what the commotion was.
“There are some things you can’t share without ending up liking each other, like knocking out a twelve-foot troll is one of them.”
“Yeah, I've heard. Everything gets 'em talking. We could be on opposite sides of the room and it'd still mean something to them.”
“You’ve re-encountered your long lost childhood boyfriend. Why shouldn’t I be jealous?” Bart pointed out.
She glanced at both boys one more time. They were both still red in the face and pointedly looking away from anyone else. And who was she to stop young love? She hadn’t seen evidence of their puppy love, but she was not their teacher anymore and didn’t see them every day. She couldn’t help but wonder when this had started and how it would continue.
“On edge”… that could mean drugs. Or is he anxious for the next orgy? Holy shit. Could one of Sam's rumours be true? Dean decides to poke a little deeper.
The show had only been on for all of five minutes before she had a hand on his thigh, inching higher up by the second. It didn't take much more convincing before Dean had her on her back, kissing furiously, his hands roaming under her shirt and hers dragging down his back. Her soft moans prompted him lower and he gripped her hips tight before starting under her skirt. He was just about to get to the really fun part when he heard the door being unlocked.
Dean grabbed his keys and headed towards the door. Then turned back and ran to the bathroom one last time. He closely inspected his hair a final time.
“I’m not about to shut him out of my life again to make you feel better, so I don’t know what you want me to do about this. I’m just not making that choice.”
“I’m catching up with an old friend.” He was completely baffled by Bart’s reaction to this. “He was such a big part of my life. It broke my heart when we had to move and he wasn’t part of it anymore. You’re always busy. Who am I supposed to spend my time with? Am I just supposed to stay alone in my room in my spare time? Why are you making such a big deal about this?”
When it was Dean and Castiel’s turn, they each grabbed an end and walked their diorama to the front. They chose the part where Harry, Ron, and Hermione have gone through the trapdoor and get caught in the devil’s snare. They used a box turned on its side. On the top, they had Fluffy the three-headed dog beside the trap door. In the middle of the box they had a mess of vines with Harry and Ron struggling, their frowny faces painted on. Their Hermione figure was underneath the vines looking up. The door to the next room glimmered just behind her.
They get to Cas’ house after a stop at the grocery store for supplies. While at work, Cas had a chance to carefully select recipes, make a schedule and shopping list. “This is a very exact list, Cas. Three tablespoons of pure vanilla extract?” “I just like knowing exactly how much I need.” Despite Dean playing around with the shopping cart, they work well together, finding everything with ease and check out in no time.
Cas looks vaguely concerned at that. “Oh no, you don't have to worry about me. I'm content scoring zero. I really just wanted nachos. Don't waste your time on me.”
They headed into the kitchen for spoons before dropping to the couch together and opening all the ice cream tubs.
It's a bit on the small side, but very well organized -- everything clearly has a home. The walls are painted a warm teal, which are paired with what looks like pine countertops. The dark colour does nothing to make the already small kitchen look larger, but the colour palette helps make the room look inviting and lived in. There are a few framed prints hanging on the wall beside the fridge: mustard and ketchup bottles holding hands and smiling, a kitten that has knocked over a box of kibbles and is rolling in the mess, and a collection of smiling vials and beakers with different colored liquids inside them. Hanging beneath the three prints is a chalkboard in an ornate white frame. The only thing on the board is a drawing of a bumblebee. There is a window above the kitchen sink with several plants in it. Dean’s a little too far away to tell, but he thinks they might be herbs. Dean might have never stepped foot in this kitchen before today, but it feels so welcoming. It feels like coming home.
“Just a little,” Castiel replies passing a napkin to Dean.  He adds with a small smirk, “Especially when you can’t drink your coffee.”
Dean's taken to listening for the rumours--for science, of course. Some are more tame than others. He's pretty sure he heard something about harvesting organs the other day. He doesn't tell Cas about that one, instead quietly choosing to suggest to the person speaking the gossip, they might find themselves in a bathtub full of ice if they don't stop talking. He doesn't hear that particular rumour again, but he still finds it troubling. He does share the funnier ones he hears though, including the one that speculated that Cas had a plethora of puppies stashed in the room. And if Dean noticed the way Cas’ eyes softened at the thought of puppies, he didn’t mention it.
“It makes everything more precise,” Cas says with a smile. “I’ll get you some bowls and the recipe.”
They manage to get Dean's belongings unpacked without further discussion of what Castiel’s potential pastimes are. They head out for dinner before Sam catches a bus home for the evening. Dean can see on Sam’s face that he wants to warn him one last time, but he's relieved that Sam contains it.
“That’s cute--nice. Very nice.” Dean can feel himself start to panic. He changes the topic in the hopes that it will calm him down. “I brought your coffee. And some donuts. I didn’t know what kind you would like, so I got a few different ones. I like all of them, so you can have first choice.”
“Listen Cas.” And this is it. He's just gotta say it. “I know there's something you're not telling me. I don't like talking feelings, so you don't have to do that. But I know he's done something to you. And I'd punch him again even if you never tell me what he did.”
Castiel doesn't acknowledge him and continues tapping his pencil. Dean takes a closer look and sees the earbuds hidden in the dark hair that's growing past his ears. He taps Castiel's shoulder instead making him jump. He yanks the earbuds from his ears and clutches at his heart.
Cas nods seriously at Dean and resumes his new bowling stance. Dean steps back to give Cas his space. His limbs still don't seem loose enough, but Dean can already see progress as the ball speeds down the lane, still veering to the left but it avoids the gutter this time and knocks over a single pin on the back corner. Cas spins around, surprise on his face and Dean whoops and claps him on the back.
“No, it's nothing like that. I dunno, man. Cas is a nice guy. I just want to help him. But he doesn’t have know that I am.”
“It's been fifteen minutes, bucko. Let's get more than 'opening the textbook’ done and we can think about it.”
“Hey, man. Sorry for kicking your bag,” he blurts out. The man gives a small smile and a quick nod before Dean turns and squeezes his way between all the other passengers. The doors nearly shut on him on his way out. Dean sighs a breath of relief and shivers at the temperature drop. He isn’t even late for work.
“What did everyone do this weekend? Anything exciting?” she asked them. Three hands shot up right away. “Okay…How about you, Asa?”
Donna had hoped that pairing the two boys together would be a good way for Castiel to open up. Dean was very nurturing for a ten year old, and she knew he would take Castiel under his wing once they had a chance to spend some time together. She never expected the immediate bond they would form so quickly. Donna was not the type to pat herself on the back—usually—but she felt pretty confident in saying that she knocked it out of the park this time. If this didn't earn her a cheat day, nothing could.
“No can do. Jo introduced me to a guy from her class. Turns out we went to middle school together. We’re gonna be catching up tomorrow night, seeing as it's been so long.”
“Awesome. This is easy so far!” Dean says in surprise. “If I’d known following recipes was so easy before, I would’ve started baking ages ago. What else do you know how to make?”
