“I take it you hadn’t planned that.”
“Is that why you put up with me?”
“Relax. Ev’ryone does it. Well almost.”
“Obviously. Hence the need for extra space while I teach you.”
The group roared their laughter. Sherlock looked over at John. “Seems you’re quite the Lothario.”
Sherlock’s brow furrowed in confusion.
“A bit.”
“You reckon I get off on serial killers or some’ing?”
“Interesting. You naturally assume I am the homosexual one who has finally ensnared his straight flatmate. In fact, John is the first man I’ve ever slept with.” Naturally, Sherlock didn’t mention that he hadn’t slept with any women either.
“You’ve not eaten anything!”
Sherlock’s arms slid around his waist, his curls tickling John’s forehead. He had to lean down to achieve the position, but that didn’t seem to bother him in the slightest.
But from the strange look he got, maybe Sherlock could hear. Oops.
“Just a couple high-functioning sociopath trade secrets, John.”
He turned over and rolled into the still-warm space where Sherlock’s body had lain just moments before and went back to sleep.
Sherlock’s cheeks glowed and he seemed to fold in on himself. Being so tall, it was surprising how small he suddenly looked.
He flipped up his coat collar and fluffed up his scarf, though it really needed no such adjustment.
He’d only had eyes for one person for ages. And he felt it really was bittersweet, but he was fine like this. At least he had a vent. Talking to someone who didn’t know who he was (and therefore that he was the recipient of their affections), but knew what he was feeling was incredibly therapeutic.
He fidgeted with his shirt cuffs, his eyes darting around the room. The boy gazed at the neverending pile of work; another, stronger wave of despair making its way into his mind.
John’s heart had warmed so much he was surprised it hadn’t melted when Sherlock had shown up at his locker with a bouquet of lilies and a blush, mumbling a shy “Prom?”
“Wait …” Sherlock looked confused, a new expression on his face. “But …
One comment he’d seen he thought perfectly summed his real self up.
“Thanks, Father” she said happily, looking a little less nervous. Sherlock tended to have the opposite effect on most people, but John supposed being partially raised by him made the comments less blunt.
“Sorry?”
“I met someone today,” she mentioned casually.
His therapist, with a smile filled with relief at the news, suggested he try to talk with the man, build a relationship with him.
Yet again, Sherlock either didn’t hear or didn’t care. “He will accept, you know.”
And Sherlock was, as always, correct; when Rose came through the door there was another, much taller figure with her.
“Would you,” Sherlock shook his head, “possibly want to be my boyfriend?”
It was a pretty risky combination of chemicals, one that he’s pretty sure was not completely legal. But it was necessary, and who would actually punish him for it?
He moved the blond boy’s hand to his gun and prodded his shoulder, prompting him to step forward.
; he liked to spend as much time as possible in chemistry.)
“You really think so?”
He paused, then pulled Sherlock’s hand closer and kissed the back of it so gently that Sherlock might not have noticed if he hadn’t been staring at John intently at the time.
It’d be perfect if Sherlock wore clothes that actually fit him properly.
“Come on, we’ve got to get started.” Sherlock swiveled and started striding towards his flat. “I promised the stream would start in seven minutes.”
The last two players… that meant he was up against the stranger. A thrill ran down John’s spine.
“Right now? I was in the middle of typing up another case,” John huffed, standing up. “Anyways, we don’t have any nail polish.”
Yes, it transpired, as John’s hand moved forward to stick the note on the door.
“Blew mine up. Toxic chemicals. We’re sharing now.”
John stared at his friend for a couple of moments, then decided that this was by no means the strangest thing to happen concerning himself and Sherlock Holmes, and just went with it.
He knew it shouldn’t bother him, but seeing Harry and Clara pulling out of the driveway together on their way to some party made him feel a little lonely.
“Why yes, I suppose it is.” He winked.
He knew everything on that board, despite it being something sentimental, and therefore something Mycroft would advise deletion of.
“I approve.”
And it wasn’t until his therapist asked about those nightmares, and he’d replied about them getting more and more infrequent.
Sherlock groaned, shaking his head. “Make it quick, my dear Watson,” he warned playfully.
“Why, though?”
“And water for me,” Sherlock added.
“Um…” Sherlock looked around, searching for an easy answer that wouldn’t raise any questions, “… lucky guess?”
John swore that the music his best friend played was rivaled in beauty only by the player himself, and every time he heard it he seemed to fall a little bit more for Sherlock Holmes.
“Good morning, Rosie. Don’t be nervous, they’re all idiots. Not worth worrying about.”
Sherlock watched as John carefully applied the polish in coats. “You’re quite good at this,” he noted grudgingly.
It couldn’t be him. It was somebody else. Somebody else … why would you say “somebody else” if you were looking at the somebody else?
A silly idea sparked in John’s mind. “Wait, there’s something wrong.”
John noticed that Sherlock was at his most gentle with Rosie. He’d never risen his voice or even gotten angry at her. He’d seemed to have made a pact with himself, to give Rosie the best upbringing he could.
Sherlock blinked and shook his head. “Unimportant. So, since your video showed just how much of a buffoon you are with makeup, the topic of this one will be eyeliner techniques for amateurs. Clearly it will be an invaluable resource for people like you.”
“I don’t care about where I am, Sherlock, really. I care about who I’m with.”
. This was good. He liked the way John’s hands pulled at the sleeves of Sherlock’s sweater, which seemed all of a sudden a bit too warm for the heat in the room.
It was something he’d never say out loud, meaning it was perfect for this wall.
John wheeled back around, casting a glance at the dark-haired kid before him.
One night he brought it up. When Sherlock had been dozing off a little and snapped awake. His eyes were still heavy, and the curls on one side of his head were matted down from the pillow. He ran his hand through them, then dropped it down two inches from John’s own. John sighed.
He still looked confused, but John met his eyes and conveyed the message correctly this time.
They had chosen to meet directly in between their houses and walk up to the school together. It was a warm night, and the stars were brilliant. The moon hung low and glowed golden, mingling with the yellow tinge on the street lights to cast a truly gorgeous light over John’s features, Sherlock observed.
The soft swaying of the leaves and the shadows cast by the quickly-sinking sun sent the prince’s thoughts wandering. He perched in the swing for hours as the sky steadily darkened and twilight began to wind its fingers through the gardens. He was snapped back to reality when a clanging bell reached his ears, startling him. He flew out of the swing and took off along the path. Late for dinner for the fifth time this week; his parents would certainly have an earful for him tonight. The boy arrived at the doorway to the gardens flushed and gasping for air. As he turned to say goodbye to his little haven, a flash of movement caught his eye.
“Get me fifty milliliters of digoxin. And a clean dropper, if you will. Also, twenty-three milliliters of mercury, if you can find it.”
“That’s alright, Dad.”
“You’re going to want to start with primer, obviously. I’m not going to explain why, because if you’re that incompetent, you should not be wearing makeup at all.”
) and pressed
John stood outside of the café, blinking in the bright sunlight. He checked his watch. 16:07.
Not even Sherlock was stubborn enough to stick out a night in here. He’d wait until tomorrow, and overnight he could air it out and in the morning clean everything out.
“We love you, Rosie, dear.”
“Not at all.”
“Can you braid my hair?”
The prince sat down in one of the little swings that had been built when he and Mycroft had been small boys. It wasn’t as if they ever had time to play, Sherlock thought a little bitterly. Their royal education was a much greater priority in their father’s eyes. The little free time Sherlock did have was spent on etiquette lessons or other princely things, like swordfighting (which Sherlock detested, despite his natural talent) or public speaking (which was a waste of time, in his own humble opinion).
When the man lowered his bow for the final time, John stood up from his chair and started clapping.
They darted through the maze for a while before they heard footsteps and saw a red glow coming from around the corner ahead of them. John started to back up, but the stranger turned and grabbed his hand, pulling him forward.
After a while, though, his lacklustre attempts to keep his eyes open when the wonderful sound of the violin was lulling him to sleep failed, and the morning after he only remembered Sherlock’s arms picking him up.
“I don’t even know where I would buy such a thing.”
John dropped his bag on the floor next to the black table and pulled out his stool.
The stranger pulled away and as quickly as it had started, it was over.
“John?”
He clicked the knocker once, then started back across the street. Awkward conversations about why he was sticking Post-it notes to someone’s door instead of talking to them were not his forte.
And it sounded so beautiful, tearing through the air between their homes and resonating through John’s bones. The man had a sort of loping grace about him; while playing he would twirl around and walk over the furniture, as if he just couldn’t stay still.
And now they were kissing.
“Um, hello, I’m John Watson. I’ve got no experience whatsoever with makeup, but I just watched Sherlock Holmes’s video on eyeliner, and I thought I’d give it a shot. Wish me luck.”
wasn’t going to happen. He’d written it with his wrong hand, and in a completely different script than normal. There was no way they’d make the connection.
Despite his irritating commentary, people really seemed to love him. There were hundreds of comments praising his technique and skill.
And with that, John excused himself from the flat, and stepped right into Harry’s waiting car.
“Lovely to meet you both.”
Fingers interlaced, they walked past the quiet houses and into the bright, noisy vicinity of the school. Sherlock winced when he heard the loud music.
John imagined how they’d react if they knew he was one of them.
-felix
“Sherlock?”
“Take a seat while I set up the camera,” he instructed, already striding over to the delicate instruments. He began to click buttons and shift angles while John sat down, staring at the complex arrangement of products in front of him.
Sherlock turned around slowly, a rosy pink flush on his neck and cheeks. “I don’t know.”
“Right back at you, Leo,” John said.
“Hello. The name’s Sherlock Holmes, and today I have a very important video.  It’s come to my attention that some of you so-called beauty gurus have absolutely no idea what you’re doing. Frankly, it’s embarrassing. So I’ve taken it upon myself to demonstrate the proper way to apply winged liner.”
John rapped on his sister’s closed door. A voice was coming from inside that wasn’t Harry’s. A man?
“What for?”
“What’s his name, Rosie?” John asked happily. Sure, Sherlock had told him that’s what happened, but it was nice to hear it from his daughter herself.
When the smaller boy finally untangled his hands from Sherlock’s curls and sat back with a smug look on his face, the bright red was smeared all over his mouth.
“I could do it for you.”
It helped with the nightmares, too.
They all loved John, and he had recently come out as bisexual.
John ran up the stairs and stepped into Sherlock’s flat, looking around. Every available surface was covered with books, recording equipment, and makeup. A single table was clear, illuminated by a bright white light. Two cameras sat in front of it.
John sat down across from Sherlock and unscrewed the cap, the smell wafting into the air. Neither men were bothered by it; the flat always had a distinct chemical-y scent.
John fumbled his way through most of the process, both of them laughing so hard their sides hurt. As the look began to come together, Sherlock’s face was reminiscent of the drawings Harry did in kindergarten that John’s mum would pin to the fridge.
Well, Sherlock knew
s and the
His eyes bored into John’s and John immediately stopped thinking. It felt as if Sherlock were reading his mind, and John didn’t fancy that being the case.
Sherlock knew he probably shouldn’t look at something that wasn’t his — that would be invading John’s privacy.
If the decision was purely up to John, the blush that seemed to spread across the other boy’s cheeks would have been left to a trick of the light. After all, it was hot and bright in the room.
He made interesting conversation, and didn’t lie about anything.
But the stranger just looked at him, the corner of his mouth twitching up in a smile.
Maybe it was that his hoodie sleeves always covered his hands, always tucked away his limbs.
Sherlock was pulling things out of drawers and bags, placing them on the table. He set a couple of new packages on the table and crossed the room to grab John’s hand and pull him over to the chairs.
Who knows.
Sherlock laughed, hopping out of his seat, and John realized he thought it was a joke. “Well, I hope to see you around, John Watson. Actually, I’d hope to see you at Blacklock at seven o’clock on Friday.”
The lights flickered on, casting a fluorescent tinge over the pair: John, speechless and ruddy, and the winner. The winner, with cheeks that barely gave away a blush and the glint in his eye. The winner, who was a stranger– who had just kissed John.
Because no matter how much he dropped to help his best friend, however much effort John put into everything Sherlock-related, no matter how many reassuring smiles John offered when Sherlock seemed anxious, he never thought it was anything more than John just being friendly.
He picked it up right after having that thought. He wouldn’t let his moral compass rule him.
She’d asked why.
The next day, Sherlock strode into Mycroft’s office, his nails a startling shade of pink.
John turned around so quickly he hurt his neck, despite already knowing who it was. How could he not? He’d heard that voice everywhere.
She reminded them both of Mary so much in that moment. And what was best was that the memory didn’t hurt anymore. All of the sadness had eventually been replaced with happy memories or new experiences, and the old pang in the heart had faded to a whisper of nostalgia, which made both John and Sherlock smile wistfully.
He sighed, and slipped the cap back onto the Sharpie.
“Oh, right … foundation?”
“Hmm?”
The winner extended his hand to shake John’s. “Sherlock.”
He eventually lowered his violin and bow, not once breaking his and John’s eye contact.
“Lipstick,” John crowed, plucking a bright red tube from off the table.
Their classes. Last year, he and Sherlock had had all but one of their classes together. Now that all of the introductory, 101 classes were out of the way, they were
“Yeah, Sherlock. You are.” John shifted on his feet, hands clasped behind his back. He didn’t get why Sherlock hadn’t known it earlier.
Sherlock stopped and blinked. “Harry … is your sister?”
But there it was, in that some old dry Sharpie.
Sherlock nodded, while John started about schools giving homework on the first day, and how the beginning of school was too stressful.
“Shoot them,” he murmured in John’s ear.
John burst out laughing.
He took a deep breath of the air pouring through the window. It smelled sweet, and nothing like the usual London air. Mrs. Hudson had planted flowers outside their window once she decided to take up another hobby.
he could fall asleep. And he might have, had be not been so determined to remember everything about this night.
“Don’t say that. I know there’s a lot of propaganda surrounding the ‘perfect prom,’ but you should have fun.”
“All right, let’s see.” Sherlock grabbed the mirror and brought it to his face, eyes widening.
And the idea of Sherlock Holmes actually loving him too was just unrealistic. Sherlock Holmes was a thing that happened in John’s dreams, the dreams where you wake up with a tingling feeling from the imaginary contact that felt so real but was all in your head.
He scrolled back to the beginning of the video and rested his chin on his hands.
John sat back down in his armchair, and checked his phone.
He hadn’t wanted to ruin the dining table (John still blamed him for the scratch from that sword), so logically, the next best option was his bedroom.
“Perhaps a lovely pastel blue,” Mycroft replied. “It’d bring out your eyes, you know.”
“Three point six,” Sherlock corrected, steepling his fingers underneath his chin.
“Homework on the first day?” John asked in wonderment. “How did you know that, and why are high school teachers so cruel? It’s only the first day!”
But he was home alone.
John looked up at him. “Yeah — she’s actually the reason I found your video. Huge fan.”
“What held you?” came a soft, deep voice from the microscope.
“Stop fantasizing,” he scolded himself verbally. The people at the tables around them didn’t even turn around: by this point, they were used to the weirdo in the back sitting with John Watson talking to himself.
But his clothes
He travelled along the sun-dappled stones, gazing into the greenery surrounding him. Weeping willows brushed the top of his curly crop of hair with their fingerlike leaves and clovers stuck to the soles of his shoes. The garden was Sherlock’s happy place— a way to escape from the demands of his parents and the throne that would soon be his.
Sherlock turned around and looked at John, who was standing between the doorway and the bed with an expression of ‘What could you have possibly done this time?’
“Rosie has very good taste,” Sherlock commented.
Sherlock breathed in the aroma of a thousand different species and set off along one of the paths that sprawled out before him.
fit. He’d wear too-large sweatpants, probably worn thin, and a too-large shirt, probably with rips and maybe the odd stain from an experiment gone awry.
“Not hungry.” And that was that, apparently. John got up from the bench after him, then followed him to his apartment.
The seconds ticked away as he scrambled through the maze, on alert at the slightest noise. John’s heart beat fast, the sound filling his ears. If it was from the idea of the stranger looming around a corner or the stranger himself, he didn’t know.
As he passed a branching corridor leading to a dark doorway, a hand shot out and grabbed him by the vest straps. John yelped in surprise until a gloved hand clapped over his mouth. He was spun around to face a tall boy with wild dark curls wearing a blinking red vest and a fierce look in his eyes.
Sherlock let his papers fall to the floor, not caring that he’d have to pick them up later.
A dull throb began to beat its pattern into his skull.
The bracing turned out to be quite useful.
“Hello!” John exclaimed, popping his head out of the kitchen. “Do make yourself comfortable. Dinner’ll only be a few minutes. I’m John.”
“I love you, too.”
“What?”
Despite only knowing him for a couple of days, something just clicked in Sherlock’s mind.
Maybe that was what inspired John to be standing outside of this man’s door. It was pretty late, meaning the street behind him was empty, at least by London standards. He’d started slow, with just a pink Post-it note in his hand.
“And we’re live.”
“About an hour, maybe more,” Mycroft said, tossing a thin book down on the table. He still didn’t look up. “How reassuring it would be for people to know their future ruler is sleeping when he should be learning how to run a kingdom.”
Of all things, skinny jeans. And a purple button-down that seemed to fit him a little too well, judging by John’s inability to breathe properly.
“‘Boys shouldn’t wear makeup.’” Sherlock offered a smile out of the corner of his mouth, then seemed to remember the camera.
John looked over at the mess of black curls, who had moved a little upon hearing his abrupt arrival. “The hallways weren’t busy. You were … looking for something? No,” he said, removing his eyes from the petri dish and fixing them on John, which the latter was unprepared for.
Definitely a challenge.
He obliged, closing his eyes and letting John clumsily coat his lips with the obscenely bright color as best he could.
He seemed to play the violin day and night, for hours at a time.
The red player paused before leaning in, and for a split second, John thought the boy was going to kiss him.
“Congratulations! You are the last opposing players,” a soothing female voice proclaimed over the speaker system. “You have three minutes to eliminate the member of your opposing team, or the game will end with a tie. Good luck.”
Sherlock pushed himself back and forth idly, the silence of the gardens a welcome contrast to the constant din in the palace. The activity in the palace had increased considerably in the past few days— servants cleaning, cooking, sewing— even rooms Sherlock had never seen the inside of were dusted and swept within an inch of their lives. He wondered at the sudden burst of energy. His parents has hinted slyly at something big happening for Sherlock. Possibly a ceremony—his parents were incredibly fond of hosting pointless extravagant coming-of-age rituals for the young royalty. When Mycroft turned sixteen, the king and queen hosted a three-day-long festival in his honor. Sherlock spent all of it hidden away in a corner, his nose in one of the fantasy novels he hid in his closet, dreaming about a world far away from here.
“I need someone to paint my nails,” Sherlock announced, slamming the door behind him.
John groaned. It was too early to be dealing with his best friend and his many eccentrics.
The detective stopped when he reached the kitchen table. He kept his back to the doctor. John could see the tension in shoulders.
“Never mind Victor here. Want a smoke?” Sherlock said offering the cigarette to John.
“Of course not,” she said smiling at him. “You can help me. I’m giving you one afterward.”
A check of Lukas’ social media revealed a typical teenage boy. There were lots of post about the stress of college, fun nights out, and the angst of living with your parents. Something strange did stand out to Sherlock. It seemed people had developed the strange habit of needing to take pictures of their food before they are it. It seemed Lukas hadn’t taken part in his popular trend. His girlfriend took part in sharing pictures of her food so it seemed strange he didn’t.
“Alright,” he said.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said simply walking out of the bathroom.
He was a doctor and he needed to remember that. Part of him just wanted to push it aside as a fluke but he knew he couldn't. If someone came into his office concerned that a loved one was showing warning signs of an eating disorder he would address it. He wouldn’t tell them to ignore it.
Over the next week, John watched Sherlock closely to see if his fears were real. Sherlock seemed to be eating at least one small meal a day. They had eaten take away a few times over the week and Sherlock had enjoyed that.
John carefully opened Sherlock's arse cheeks and gripped the end of the butt plug. Sherlock let out little pleasure-filled moans as his father removed the toy. He set the toy on the bedside table and retrieved the lube from the drawer. He coated the new toy in lube until it was dripping from the toy. It was a bit bigger than the night time one Sherlock was used to. The boy would cry a bit about it but it needed to be done. He wanted to fuck his son soon and he needed to get him ready. His son was going to struggle to take his knot and without proper stretching, it would tear him apart.
“Anderson,” the detective said with a snort. “I knew he would tell you.”
John knew he was taking a risk but he needed to talk to the child.
He was about ready to stand up when he heard someone knocking on the stall door.
“The only thing getting a break around here is you,” the wolf said forcing his hardening cock into Sherlock’s sore asshole. “Stop your complaining!”
John couldn’t imagine that. That didn’t sound like his friend at all. Of course, he knew Sherlock had unusual habits when it came to food. The doctor always found it alarming that Sherlock would go so long without eating while on cases.
Sherlock wasn't going to argue with him. He needed to use the toilet and have a shower. John growled at his lover’s behavior. He was his bunny. There was no way he was going to directly disobey him. He lunged forward grabbing his rabbit by the waist. He threw the other man to the floor. Sherlock let out a surprised cry as he was forced to the floor. John kicked his lover’s legs apart.
"Alright Sherlock, time to really wear my little bunny out,”  the wolf growled as he started to move.
Sherlock walked into the kitchen to find his mother standing at the counter busily mixing cake batter.
“Messing with you?” he asked raising an eyebrow. “How so?”
It seemed his hormones were already getting to his head. John needed to get inside his lover. He couldn’t mess around with fingering his bunny. Sherlock had given him a little show earlier in the day and fingered himself at great length. He was more than ready for it. The wolf grabbed a bottle of lubed and drizzled the thick liquid onto his rock hard cock.
Who was he kidding? Sherlock always took everything into account. Chances were he was just ignoring his body’s needs as usual.
John Watson didn’t know what to think of his new school. He’d done so well during his last school year that he’d been able to transfer to a school for advanced students. Luckily, the transfer had come with a full scholarship. There was no way his parents could afford the school on their paychecks.
Maybe Sherlock had been telling the truth. It wasn’t like him to get that stressed during a case but he did have more on his plate. While John was at his job Sherlock was at home taking care of his goddaughter.  Even when he was on cases he helped with Rosie. Of course, he never complained. He loved having little Rosie around and she always seemed to put a smile on his face. Maybe she was tiring him out and he didn’t even realize. Perhaps Sherlock hadn’t taken into account that carrying for a child would require him to rest and eat more.
Sherlock felt John’s erection throb at his cry. Hum...it seemed the noises he was making were what was turning his friend on.
“I’m sorry!” he said, tears blurring his vision.
“Watch your mouth,” the older boy warned. “Or I’ll give you more.”
“I wouldn’t be surprised,” Anderson said. “A few people are out with it this week.”
“I know you were throwing up,” John said.
Not to mention the joy Sherlock had seen in that boy’s eyes as he had received an enema and a spanking. John liked to see him suffer. At least it seemed that way to Sherlock. Oh that sent wild ideas spinning through his head. Was this real or was it in Sherlock head? A plan for forming itself. He needed to find out if he was crazy.
“Don’t be such a dork,” the taller boy asked turned his attention on his friend. “John has  the right to make his own choices.”
Sherlock growled at his friend’s words. John was actually going to do this. That thought just refused to sink into Sherlock’s head. Would he get a hard on when he did it? Would he really enjoy it? Sherlock had to see.
Sherlock felt like a child again. The way that John was staring at him was the same way his mother had looked at him. His eyes were filled with worry and a bit of anger. The detective sat on the couch and tried to avoid his friend’s gaze.
“My mother will not know about this,” Sherlock snapped.
“Would you like that?” the doctor growled. “I’d like to hold you down and fuck you over and over. I wouldn't stop no matter how much you begged. You would be so sore."
“Should I leave Mrs. Holmes?” John questioned.
Perhaps this would take his mind off things for a while. Maybe it would give him an excuse not to eat.
“What is it?” she asked, pushing his messy bangs out of his eyes.
That had been three days ago and John couldn’t wait for his chance. It felt like it was never going to come. His heart had nearly jumped for joy when Sherlock started running his mouth during a game of football. They had been playing a game with some classmates when their team lost. Sherlock started loudly yelling out the fact that the winner’s father was an alcoholic. John quickly drug his friend away.
And John Watson (or his relentless rugby team, which was for some reason invested in the situation) would never find out that it was his lab partner who wrote that message.
, and eventually gave in to just stop working for the time that he and Sherlock were intertwined.
There was a noise irritating Sherlock, boring through his ears into his brain. He looked around near the floor, where the noise seemed to be coming from. He didn’t see the source, but there was a crumpled-up piece of paper on the floor, seemingly from John’s bag, which was lying only centimeters from it.
“So … what will this collaboration be?”
There was no editing that out, or even saying it wasn’t real.
When she had disappeared upstairs, John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s middle and the latter pulled him against his chest.
“She got her textbooks, and a new agenda book. She did writing today, with a colored pen and you know they only do work on the first day of school in math, which no one does in pen.”
“Ah, yes, of course. I underestimate you, John.” He leapt out of his seat and climbed over John’s empty chair to the kitchen table, pushing some papers to the side and sitting down with an impatient expression.
John Watson was a senior.
“You know what?”
“What on earth…” John approached her desk, bending over to look at the computer screen. “Is that a tutorial?”
“Um,” he coughed. “Yep. I wrote them.”
The music was some he’d never heard before, and it reminded him of sipping his favorite tea with the sun just peeking out from behind the silver clouds. It was before Afghanistan …
“Well, that was … John Watson’s makeup tutorial. Very … very good. Ten out of ten. Even if he can’t get a lipstick to stick for his life.”
-Felix
“Right, and I’m ‘special’, which means they want me to be king next,” Sherlock whispered, looking at the piled sheets of parchment in front of him.
It was a cramped and basically illegible sort of writing, almost as if it had been written by the non-dominant hand. And even though Mike had called everyone on the team except for John to the top floor to examine it, no one could identify the writer.
Rose rolled her eyes at him, then continued. She had expected this: nothing really came as a surprise to her dads, as Sherlock knew everything going on, and John got him to tell him what was going on.
Four minutes and eleven seconds later, he had completely forgotten his schedule. This John Watson, whoever he was, had captured his attention totally and completely. Sherlock didn’t mind that his eyeliner technique was abominable or that he had no idea how to even hold the applicator. All he cared about was that he had said his name– “Sherlock Holmes’s video”– those words had come out of his mouth. His pretty face had entranced Sherlock within five minutes.
The taller boy looked at the ground, blinking quickly. “Oh. That makes sense, I suppose,” he said under his breath.
“Really?” Sherlock looked up and questioned sarcastically. John kicked him under the table.
“What’s stopping you?”
He found out soon enough, though, when there was a flyer with a picture of someone’s confession posted in the hallway.
“30. 29. 28…”
“I fell asleep? How long?” Sherlock mumbled, rubbing his eyes with the palms of his hands.
Sometimes it just hit him, that he and Sherlock were together and okay and Rosie was happy and it filled him with this warm fuzzy feeling that he never wanted to dispel.
Sherlock flung open the door and made his way up the stairs, yelling, “Come on, we’re wasting daylight!”
“Okay, let’s just … start then,” John said slowly, staring down at the mess of products before him.
“Okay, pucker up.”
Suddenly Sherlock was the subject of the school’s conversation.
She had never been embarrassed about her feelings, and shared everything with her fathers. (Hence why they knew she’d never had a proper crush before.)
Sherlock went on as he was, building his wall back up. Every time he saw John, he imagined who his heart belonged to. The somebody else.
“Isn’t mercury dangerous? Like, fatal-dangerous?”
But still not worth his time.
Right under the other person’s note, he wrote
He wiped his sweaty palms on his trousers, the sight of the work he had chosen to leave untouched causing a small wave of panic to stir in his chest. He sat back down, picked up a page, and reluctantly began to read.
John automatically put on a winning smile. He was so happy just to be next to Sherlock, he could have shot through the ceiling with excitement.
“You heard me,” he said, striding across the room and flopping down on his chair. “I need someone to paint my nails.”
“Sure, give me a second,” she responded from the kitchen.
“You do math in pen,” John pointed out. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
The detective’s heart skipped a beat as John raised his face, awaiting his reaction.
“Of course, my mistake,” the man said, winking conspiratorially with John.
John’s noise of surprise was stifled as he slipped his own arms around Sherlock’s neck, trying to let his mind capture every detail: how Sherlock’s hands felt like they were burning through his shirt, and how the curly hair at the nape of his neck was so easy to tangle his fingers into, how John’s nose squished a little bit against Sherlock’s cheek.
(But being honest, he was kinda cute, so John let the video keep playing.)
“The question is, when will we meet him?”
John had to admit, it had felt a little weird writing about himself from another’s perspective, but he couldn’t just say
He went on to delicately apply the eyeliner to his lid with impressively steady hands. Now John understood why he had two million, twenty one thousand subscribers. It was almost relaxing, to watch something being perfectly applied to a pretty face with a soothing voice (albeit snapping insults at the viewers) in the background.
John felt his cheeks flush as Sherlock Holmes stared at him, skin glowing and eyes sparkling with the light flooding in through the windows. “Looking
“Oh, really? What’s left to do?”
And by the time senior prom came around, well, that was quite the experience. Half the school seemed more excited about Sherlock and John going than themselves.
“What?”
Sherlock had taken to wearing John’s rugby jacket and going to all the practices. (Which he did anyway, but now he could sit where John could see him.)
For once, Mycroft was silent about Sherlock’s foolish feelings. It was blissful.
For what, John couldn’t name it. Mostly it was the two of them laying on John’s bed (John’s because of the Radioactive Incident when they hung out at Sherlock’s place), listening to music and idly chatting. Somewhere along the way this had turned to their weekly cuddle session. Not that John was complaining, of course not.
John didn’t have time to bluster out a reply before he was gone, now a whisper. He decided to go inside and talk with the others before Sherlock returned.
He still wasn’t thinking later on that night, even when somehow their legs had gotten tangled together and Sherlock’s breathing was slow and steady next to his ear and his arms were draped loosely around John’s middle.
Sherlock’s viewers, the ones who’d been there since the beginning, watching his occasional livestreams and interviews and who’d met him in real life knew that he wasn’t rude or obnoxious.
“What about clothes you wear every day? Like, I don’t know, a sweater that doesn’t swallow you up?”
“No, it’s fine.”
That had just happened, and no matter whether or not it was on camera, it was wonderful.
Sherlock took out his phone and snapped a photo, to see what else he could glean from it at home, in a comfortable environment.
John didn’t know how to braid hair. He knew how to tie knots and tourniquets, but his fingers were just not built for braiding.
Mother and father. Still together. Likes classical music. Plays trumpet. Good at math. Two cats, a tabby and a Parsian. Likes dumplings. Drives an SUV.
Mycroft looked up from his book to see Sherlock sitting, stricken, at the end of the table.
Sherlock put his fingers under her chin and tilted her head to look at her hair.
“Follow me and stay quiet,” the boy hissed, dropping his hand from John’s face and spinning on his heel to slink down the midnight hallway.
It really did make Sherlock happy, seeing his daughter so plainly enamored with an honest, sweet boy.
The audience had seen the entire thing, seen how genuine his reaction had been.
The boy stared up at the taller kid, eyes narrowed. “Shoot me already,” he grumbled. His own gun hung limply in his constrained arm.
Sherlock simply smirked and looked at his hands. “Don’t know if pink is the best color for me. What do you suggest next time?”
The day before, he had gone to the shop and bought his favorite tea. The best way to start any day.
Sherlock shifted, eyes suddenly downcast. He seemed to think he’d overstepped.
“Are you okay, Sherlock? You look a little … green.”
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Well, now that we’ve sorted that out.” He never finished the sentence, just leapt up and shrugged on his coat. John looked up.
John didn’t even know the man’s name, but it was definitely safe to say that he was enchanted. Short glances that turned into stares offered John a mediocre view of the man’s head of dark curly hair and sharp-looking face.
“Hey, Dad. Hey, Father,” Rosie called, bouncing into the room, Leo walking behind her shyly.
“She’ll be fine,” Sherlock said in a low voice, resting his chin on top of John’s head.
John rolled his eyes. Of course, bigger clothes were more practical, which was all that mattered to him. “You should wear something that fits, Sherlock. It’ll make you feel better.”
And yet …
“The game is afoot, Watson. You’ll have to keep up.” And with that, Sherlock winked (
“9. 8. 7…”
“Oh, that. I found that in the hallway. I think … I think it’s from the wall. Y’know, the —” he cut off, seeing Sherlock nod. “Yeah, my teammates made those. It’s sweet, and all, but y’know …” He cut off again, turning redder than Sherlock, whose face had gone slack and shy once again.
Sherlock stepped closer, dropping the violin and bow onto the couch.
“Okay, bye,” John said to an empty room.  He heard the front door slam.
“Just one night,” Sherlock said, flopping over onto his stomach and burying his face into the pillow, curls sprawled out on the pillowcase.
But it still felt right, and the way Sherlock shyly giggled next to him confirmed he felt the exact same way.
“Take a seat — we’ve got many things to discuss,” Sherlock said briskly, sliding into a booth.
When the door closed behind Rosie, John stood up and walked to Sherlock’s side, slipping an arm around his partner’s waist and leaning into his warm side.
He’d known there would be negative repercussions if he actually wrote something. And he hadn’t just written anything; no, he’d just gone and bloody outed himself
Sherlock had run home to get his violin, and sprinted back in exactly seventeen minutes. Now John felt so
“Hey, Harry, could you give me a ride on your way to the store?” John called, shrugging on his jacket.
The man might not have even been home, as all the windows were shut and curtains drawn. Or maybe he didn’t answer the door, or just didn’t reply to strange sticky note song requests.
John smiled at this. Sherlock did this often, like he had both no interest in the class and no regard for rules or possible consequences.
“I’ll … see you all next week, then,” Sherlock said abruptly, reaching for the camera and ending the stream with the click of a button.
Sherlock broke away first, blushing furiously and leaving John’s head spinning. He grabbed Sherlock’s hand and intertwined their fingers, partly because he thought he might actually fall over, but mostly because he’d thought so much about finally holding his hand.
“I’m studying this bacteria culture and how it reacts with various chemicals. I think they’re,” Sherlock nodded up at the rest of the class, not even bothering to look at them, “doing something with plant cells,” he said quietly.
“.... .... eight maybe.”
“You’re right, this is going straight to my ego.”
“Molly, would you please relocate Lestrade’s drink. He appears to be done for the night,” Sherlock intoned.
“Several. Don’t worry, I’ll tell you when have something more substantial. Sleep, John. It won’t be long now.”
“You’re brother asked me if we were going to get married once. The very first time he kidnapped me, in fact.”
your body’s whim, so yeah. I guess all that energy of yours is finally tapped out.”
“Well, no. But not- He just does that sometimes. It’s just a kiss. He does the same thing with Mrs. Hudson. You know Sherlock, he’s excitable and he doesn’t much care if kissing your flatmate is weird.”
John grinned.
“I’ll say you’ve been drinking.”
Sherlock preened. He tucked John’s cock back into his pants and sat up. He winced and adjusted himself, calling John’s attention to the fact that his friend was aroused now. Sherlock smiled ruefully.
“I’m aware,” Sherlock snapped. “It’s not... I don’ control when I can... do it. I think hormones are... a factor.”
“How very James Bond.”
“Don’t worry, blokes are obligated to tell each other they’re ugly.”
“Have you seen everything now?” John asked once his buttocks had received a short massage.
“Nothing.”
“I suppose an ‘I told you so’ is in order.”
“Rest is ‘n my head.”
John reckoned it would make his friend feel less vulnerable, so he stripped down to his pants and vest. In response, Sherlock decided to take off his dressing gown, revealing his bare torso completely. They faced each other, yet again unsure how to begin.
John eyed him. “I think you’re playing dumb, but never mind. So anyway, I didn’t know you could dance. You’ve never shown the slightest interest.”
“I... Don’t mind me.” He winced a bit as his attempt at being polite came out awkward.
“But...”
“Seriously, I know it’s.... not all what proper Englishman say, but there’s not much that could put me off. You can tell me.”
John shuffled down to settle between Sherlock’s legs. “I wonder how my mouth would feel here then.” And he tenderly sucked and licked at first one testicle and then the other.
Days turned into weeks which turned into months. Months filled with affection and bickering and sex and sharing a bed more often than not. And John wasn’t lonely. How could he be? Sherlock was always there, being needy, demanding his attention, making him feel wanted.
John sighed. “Look, it’s not my business. And it’s not like this isn’t something that can happen with flatmates. So it’s, you know, not a big deal. Really. You could delete it or something. If you want.”
“Do you think of our unorthodox physicality as sentimental?”
“That’s your story?”
“Huh?”
“Yes, now would be... good.”
Ok, so if he chooses Sherlock... then what? Would he want John around indefinitely? He had no idea how long Sherlock would be interested in keeping things the way they were. He might get bored.
“Not in person. Online only. It didn’t work. It’s too detached if I can’t see them. And if I can see them, I don’t appreciate their efforts to participate.”
His friend was being just as rough as his own mother. He began to twist and try to get away from the pain that was taking over his body. He needed to know how this was affecting john. Was it really exciting him?
"Ah," he said. "A lovely little lady. I know what a young lady like you needs. Come with me."
Sherlock had been on a very interesting case involving the attempted murder of several children. Much to Sherlock’s annoyance, the case was taking some time. It had been nearly two weeks!
Sherlock grunt removing his sunglasses from his face. He knew Victor would be there with his homework pretty soon He needed a cigarette before his friend showed up. Victor always frowned at him and urged him to quit smoking. It was really starting to get annoying.
The wolf gave his lover’s neck a gentle nibble. Sherlock gave a small squeal of surprise
The troublemaker was without his friend. Sherlock raised an eyebrow and stared down at the nervous looking John.  He glanced over his shoulder and found the hallway empty. Most of the children were on their way to lunch.
John knew his next orgasm wouldn’t take long to reach. He needed to cum many times inside his lover. He needed to fill his tiny hole up with cum.  Despite all of Sherlock’s fighting his twitching sphincter was tightening and pulling him in deeper. His body knew what he needed. Suddenly, Sherlock's hips bucked and his cock burst with a jet of semen, firing jets of jizz along the ridge of his stomach. Tears fell down his eyes as he felt John’s knot start to form inside. Sherlock's body went limp against John feeling completely drained. He didn’t make much more than a grunt as John’s knot expanded in him.
He remembered the first time he had made himself vomit after a rather heavily dinner. His eyes and throat had burnt like they were on fire. Yet, it was worth it. He wouldn’t have to keep down the food his mother had forced him to eat. That food wouldn’t make him gain weight.
“I think you should give him another chance,” John said. “I mean...I’m to blame for this mess too. I’m the one who got violent.”
“You’re new,” the taller kid said puffing on his cigarette. “What’s your name?”
Mrs. Holmes tossed a towel over her shoulder and picked up a jar of Vaseline. She walked into Sherlock’s bedroom to find Sherlock and John sitting on his bed looking at some of John’s comic books.
Anderson would believe that lie.
He knew he couldn’t do at the flat. John would hear him for sure. It would have to wait until they got to Scotland Yard.
“Alright,” he said removing a paper from the file cabinet. “But if he gives you any trouble tell me right away.”
“Whatever you say, John,” Sherlock answered.
It was so different from his last school. It seemed most of the other children were interested in studying instead of just “hanging out”. No one had bothered to even say “hello” to John. Perhaps this new school would be a good thing. His last school had been a breeding ground for troublemakers. This didn’t seem like a place where that kind of behavior would be allowed.
“Hey kid!” one of the boys called as he turned his back.
Calories! Could it be possible the teenager was tracking his calories? Sherlock quickly picked up his laptop and started researching the other numbers in the book to make sure he was right.
She ran across the parking lot bag of marbles in hand. Sherlock loved playing marbles in the park. There was no need to enjoy the company of other children.
“Sherlock’s been messing with me since I got here,” John explained. “I just couldn’t take it anymore.”
That seemed to be what pushed Sherlock over the edge. He reached out and shoved John into the lockers hard. The boy let out a gasp of pain as his back came into contact with the metal doors. He slid down the wall and onto the floor.
“Sh,” John said gently playing with Sherlock’s floppy ears. “Be a good boy and take my cock. You know you love it.”
It has already started again, his mind screamed at him.
“Uh!” Sherlock groaned in frustration tossing the book to the coffee table.
“Are you sure?” John asked.
The detective got his feet and walked into the kitchen. He was starving. John was already gone that morning when he awoke so he had been able to skip breakfast. He opened the refrigerator door and stared at the mostly empty shelves.  John was due to do the shopping on the way home from work that day.
Sherlock didn’t need to eat as much as everyone else. He’d been that way since he was a teenager. At the lunch table, his classmates would eat away at their lunch without a care in the world. Young Sherlock would simply pick at his food.
The poor little creature's asshole was bright red and swollen around his cock. A tiny bit of blood was leaking out and running down Sherlock's thigh. John should have felt bad for making his lover bleed but he didn’t. The sight of the blood caused a wave of arousal to rush through him. His long furry tail rubbed against the bunny’s thin leg.
He folded up the pair of sunglasses and tucking them over the neck of his shirt. He stuck his hand in the hand in the warm water and gently pushed his float to the end of the pool. With a painful grunt, he climbed out of the pool.
Apologizing was something Sherlock wanted to do. He knew he’d been horrible to John wanted to make things better. John had actually seemed concerned about him and he had harassed him. Maybe they could have been friends. Could they still be friends?
“I broke Mycroft of this mouthy stuff,” she said as her son cried in pain. “And I will do the same with you.”
Yet, something was clawing at the back of his brain. He had hit a nerve when he brought up his vomiting with Sherlock. There was something there and he was going to figure out what it was.
Even Victor was getting short with him. He had brought Sherlock his homework every day and he hadn’t been very grateful. His friend had even gone to his dealer to get his Xanax. He knew Sherlock would get sick if he didn’t have it. Sherlock was pretty doped up on pain medicine but didn’t really want to risk it.
“Come on Sherlock,” John said patting his lap. “Over my lap.”
“Go ahead and go to the toilet,” she said. “But don't doddle. You’re in for a spanking.”
“‘It’s ok,” Victor said smiling at him. “My Dad deals in stocks and art. My Mom owns a line of makeup.”
Once he met John it became his job to worry about his eating habits. He was always after Sherlock to eat more. Having Rosie around helped a bit since they tried to have scheduled meals. Sherlock would always eat a bit but rarely a full plate.
"I would beg to differ,” the wolf growled gently kissing his lover.
“On your stomach,” John instructed. “I just started my rut a few hours ago. You’re in for a long rough time.”
"Oh god. Oh. Oh, shit...you feel so good. Oh God, oh GOD..." Sherlock cried as tears streamed down his face.
Was it right to lie to John and let him worry about him? Wouldn’t he be more worried if he told him the truth? Was the truth even?
“Of course not,” she said kissing the top of her son’s head. “Mum is so proud of you right now.”
A phone call later he was on his way to meet with Donetta at a cafe. She seemed a bit nervous about meeting him but in the end, she had agreed. Sherlock was sure she knew what was going on and he needed her to open up.
That bit of information caused Sherlock to chuckle. At least his friend was going to get the same treatment. He began to undress without any argument. He knew arguing with his mother would just lead to a spanking.
“I got a scholarship,” John explained.
“Sherlock,” John said softly. “Please tell me what’s going on.”
He couldn’t stop thinking about Sherlock.
Why was Sherlock being such a jerk today? A jerk. That thought danced at the back of John’s mind. Was this his chance? Mrs. Holmes would have spanked him over it.
“Stop!” Sherlock said jumping up from the bed. “Damn it! Stop!”
The wolf smirked looking at his bunny’s face. Sherlock’s jaw trembled and his eyes were squeezed tightly shut. Why was he fighting the pleasure he was feeling? John began to fuck him faster making sure to hit his prostate. Sherlock’s mind was taken over by the insane mixture of pleasure and pain. The bunny needed to just give in to the pain and enjoy it.
Victor. John needed to find him. He seemed to be the friend Sherlock had.
The feeling of fire spread throughout his throat and his face. His breakfast quickly came up. He cleaned his fingers and face with a piece of toilet paper before flushing the toilet.
“I’m worried about Sherlock,” he said, lowering his voice. “When he came in this morning I saw him head to the bathroom. I needed to talk to him about the case so I followed him.”
“So how did that date go?” John asked.
Sherlock never let him into Mr. Hudson’s apartment. He always made stand in the hallway outside the door. A sigh of relief escaped his mouth as the apartment door opened. His friend walked out looking rather refreshed. Sherlock was moving a bit slow but seemed to be just fine.
"Seven," Sherlock answered.
“Please don’t tell him it was my idea,” Sherlock said pretending to panic. “I...I would be too embarrassed.”
John growled lined his cock up with Sherlock’s tight entrance. Sherlock let out a squeal of pain as his lover started pushing inside. The wolf's massive cock forced itself into his tight hole.
John couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He had simply come over to hang out with Sherlock. As soon as he got there Mrs. Holmes pulled him aside and told him he was allowed to spank Sherlock and give him enemas. It was like a dream come true.
“Sh,” She said sitting down at his desk. “You’re almost done. You’re going to have a very sore behind if you don’t stop all that yelling.”
“I hate tests,” the other boy said. “I just panic whenever I see one.”
The two friends sat in silence until Sherlock’s Mum returned. Neither of them knew just what to say. John laid down on his side and opened his leg.
Simple questions.
“Good.”  John said, delivering the third blow. “All done.”
Sherlock began to cry again as he laid down over his lap. He loved lying over John’s lap. He loved being that close to him and feeling his excitement. John lifted the wooden instrument up and brought it down hard.
“Why didn’t you tell anyone?” Lestrade asked.
“Ah!” Sherlock screamed as the water rushed into him. “Mum! Mum! It hurts! Stop!”
“Here is what you need to know about the group,” he said, “Of course, I’m going to have to call your parents.”
She had stepped out a few hours ago to do a “little” shopping. She promised that she wouldn’t be gone long but Sherlock knew she wouldn’t be back until dinner time.
The bunny let out a pain-filled scream as John began to fuck him. His throat was already sore from screaming but he couldn’t stop the sound from coming out. He felt so helpless. He was pinned to the floor with a massive cock inside of him. He squirmed, desperately trying to dislodge his lover’s erection.  Despite the pain he had already felt, the rumbling to his insides made him feel more pleasure than he had ever experienced before.
John frowned as he looked at his friend’s terrified face. He knew that Sherlock hated enemas. John didn’t really mind them. They were uncomfortable but they were over quickly and taking them made his parents happy.
Sherlock was super excited to go to the park. It was the first really warm day of spring. She was first out of the van and ready to have fun. It always took her brother a while to help their little sister out of the van. There was no way she was going to wait for them.
"Oh," he said smiling more. "Who is taking care of you?"
Before Sherlock had a chance to react John lunged forward. He sat down on the bed and grabbed his friend around his waist. Sherlock let out a yelp of surprise as he was flipped over his friend’s lap.
“Our school is pretty expensive,” Vic said. “I just assumed your family had money too.”
“Being rude to that kid,” Sherlock said trying to catch his breath. “And for fighting you.”
“Mum,” he said sitting down at the kitchen table. “I wanted to say that I’m sorry.”
“Alright,” John said. “Go get the paddle and then we’re done.”
“Mr. Holmes!” Mrs. Miles called. “Luka’s girlfriend is here. I thought you’d want to speak with her.”
“Thank you,” she said taking the paddle from him. “I have to spank Sherlock and then I’ll give you your enema. I expect that you’ll be much better behaved than him.”
Victor watched as his friend turned and headed out of the dilapidated apartment building.
John gave a rather hard thrust as his knot began to swell. He screamed as the knot stretched his asshole. The poor bunny began to sob wildly as John rolled him onto his side. The wolf curled up against him trying to calm him.
“Friends have sex sometimes. My life isn’t a bloody rom com.”
Sherlock snickered and inspected that part of him too. That finished, he impatiently tried to roll him over.
The woman: someone who is attracted to his mind, but not intimidated by him; someone who likes to be dominant sexually; someone who is competitive.
“Yeah, actually.”
In the end, all John achieved was giving himself quite the education.
Sherlock grinned and sprang into action. He manhandled John to recline sideways on the sofa and impatiently started on the flies of his jeans.
“Now, you’re trying to think of something I won’t have tried. Unlikely.”
“You told him we’ve had sex...”
“K. Um. How do you want to...?”
“So you’re saying you’ve never shagged?”
“Shut up!”
“How do you usually deal with it?”
“I like you awkward and embarrassed. Makes me want to shag you even more.” Sherlock might have turned a shade pinker. He couldn’t be sure from across the room. John stood from his chair at the kitchen table and sat on the arm of Sherlock’s chair to check. Yes, he thought so. He kissed the side of Sherlock’s neck and nipped his ear. “See?”
“Yeah, don’ worry over it. Did you like it, though?”
John jumped when a hand cupped his soft cock. “Oi.”
“Don’t you think I’ve tried by now? Even you should have been able to tell that the errands I sent you on were entirely unnecessary except for the purpose of securing privacy.”
“Do you want me to stop?”
“I thought you’d be making breakfast,” Sherlock complained accusingly.
“Alright, so it sounds like maybe you do want another go.”
“Sherlock.”
The decision to talk was taken from him when the next case began too quickly, and by three days later, it felt like it was too late to bring it up. He wasn’t sure why. So they never mentioned it again. He felt a bit guilty about it, like he was being a coward, fearing a bit of awkwardness. But Sherlock seemed fine, so their lives went on as usual.
John was very much feeling the effects of their drinks. He used to have a much higher tolerance, but he was long past his party days and age was affecting him. Sherlock was and always had been simply a light weight. John was suspecting the second bottle of wine was meant to be a courage enhancer. Did that mean Sherlock wanted to talk?
He half expected Sherlock to be a shy kisser, but that was clearly not the case. He eagerly responded when John tested opening his mouth. Soon their tongues were sliding together and retreating, back and forth. John couldn’t help but smile at being kissed with such easy enthusiasm. And Sherlock’s hands explored the rest of him the same way.
“...Thank you?”
Still irritated, John commented, “So, no food fetish, then?”
“We don’t do that.”
“Ah.”
“Am I the jealous type, you mean? Will it hurt my feelings?” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“By my estimation a virtual statistical zero. She is steadfastly monogamous, though not adverse to going through partners like socks.”
That is to say, Sherlock’s libido was making itself known. Multiple times over the next few days, he was plagued by sudden erections at random times. And on top of that, his general demeanor had returned to full on twat mode. John wholeheartedly believed it was because Sherlock was incapable of dealing with Work frustration at the same time as sexual frustration. Obviously there was a simple solution, but every time John suggested it, it turned into a shouting match that ended with them giving each other the silent treatment for the next few hours. Then eventually the argument would cycle back around again.
“Never.”
Eyes wide, Sherlock nodded his agreement.
“I walked in ... and then you... um... well-uh... finished.”
Sherlock snorted to express his contempt as he slowly blinked, trying to fully wake up.
John watched as Sherlock’s eyes danced with amusement and curiosity. When he caught himself leaning forward, he blinked and looked down.
“Very.”
“So not asexual means you like something? Men? Women? Either’s fine by me, k? Nothing t’ worry bout.”
“You really think ‘m afrad o’ people thinking I’m gay?
“Have someone watch me?”
“Well, have you... been with anyone.”
“How in god’s name do you think that will ever happen?”
“Good to know.” Despite the reassurance, Sherlock still looked like he was bracing for impact.
“How flexible are you?”
“Wouldn’t it be most effective to make the improvements to my techniques before I employ them again rather than after?”
John tried not to giggle at Sherlock saying snog.
“All those times I called you an arrogant wanker and I never realized how true it was. Fine, have you tried it suspended upside down while wearing women’s lingerie and nipple clamps?”
“Not sure.”
“No. Later... not much later, we hid in an empty room and snogged. We, um, well, it was enough she was pressed up against me an’ then she put her hand...” John took a deep breath, “on m... my cock... over the trousers. I would’ve... finished, but we were interrupted.”
As he neared the wide open door to their sitting room, John heard rather heavy breathing. It was unmistakably Sherlock. Several possible causes shot through his mind immediately: combat, chemical asphyxiation, drug use, weird experiment.
“A toy. Sex toy.”
“My big fat curiosity is wha’ started us down this rabbit hole and you’re shocked?”
“I do hope you are finished with your little tantrum. I’d like to focus now, if you wouldn’t mind.”
But he wouldn’t be so inconsiderate to his best friend. “Oh, fuck fuuuuuh, mmmm, Sherlo... Sherlock, not long now. You might, might wanna-“
“Divorce is final. I’m a free man,” Greg beamed. “I’m celebrating.”
They giggled together and much of the tension from earlier dissipated. “Come on. You said you wanted my help with that mad experiment you came up with. Now, are you actually certain it’s not dangerous?”
“You don’ have to be everyone else. An’ at’s bollocks anyway. You should just be... Sherlock Holmes, who doesn’ care what idiots think. Be what you are.”
“Look, what makes you think he
Someone: who hasn’t ever heard him speak.
Another change in Sherlock showed itself one afternoon when the two of them had just returned home after closing a case that had had a rather exciting conclusion. They made their way up the stairs, joking and laughing, adrenaline still singing in their veins.
They lay there, enjoying each other’s proximity. He wondered what Sherlock was thinking. Would he start to think about the case again now? Currently John was thinking about the fact that he could feel Sherlock’s genitals resting atop his left thigh. He never expected to know how that felt. Not bad at all, actually.
“Who?”
“Oh?” John’s hand slid downward, low on the other man’s hip.
“A sqweel?”
If it had been any other person, John would have thought it possible they were either consciously or subconsciously showing their attraction and interest in more sex. But this was Sherlock. And really, it just figured. One thing that really rubbed Sherlock the wrong way was the illogic of social protocol.
Another two days of mulling the whole situation over and several headaches later, Sherlock had had enough of it.
“John.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“John?” He could feel Sherlock’s breath on his cheek.
“Ok.” John chewed his lip. He visibly braced himself. “Next question. Remember I’m a doctor. Does the problem occur while trying to achieve orgasm or is it while you’re... working up to that level?”
“Yeah... yeah, I think... I think I’m saying yes. To that. Yes.”
“Not enough for what you’re thinking.”
neglect a dog that is depending on me for its well being. I may not be a kind person, but I’m not so heartless that I’d let an animal suffer.”
The tragedy of it was that it didn’t seem like he was adverse to it in the slightest. Then again, it didn’t seem like he was actively seeking it out either. John really couldn’t be sure of anything. But he couldn’t shake the idea that Sherlock might want sex like any other person, but wasn’t confident enough to go for it.
There were a couple other changes in John’s best friend, but he wasn’t entirely certain they were real. That is to say, it could be just his own perception that had changed. He couldn’t be sure. Firstly, it seemed to him that Sherlock’s eyes were a bit more prone to wandering... John could have sworn he saw his friend’s gaze land on a few attractive bodies lately. Had he always done that? Or was John just imagining it?
“I’ll just... go to...” He gestured vaguely towards his bedroom.
“For fuck’s sake, Sherlock! Your body’s begging for a tension release. You’re used to being able to masturbate on the regular. At this point, the distraction
John sighed. “Nothing. We didn’t talk...”
“Ah!”
“What if I watched you?”
“You saying you think I’m pretty?”
“There are very few things I haven’t tried in regards to self-pleasure. Mostly things that I find immensely unappealing. However, it’s possible there are things I haven’t thought of or new products available. I’m doing a quick internet search.”
“Fine. Wait, we should get a towel. Don’t want either of us having to deal with a wet spot.” John hastily retrieved a towel from the bathroom and laid it out on the bed. Sherlock wordlessly handed him a small bottle of lube, then crawled over next to the towel. He hesitated a moment before slipping off his pants as well. Seeing that his friend was completely nude now, John impulsively took off his vest. It did seem more balanced that way.
“Does dancing often come up in casework?”
John bent his head to kiss his friend’s cheek, then again closer to his ear, and then nuzzled into his neck. He smoothed his hand down his chest as he rubbed his lips here and there. Sherlock grasped his head and brought their lips together just as John’s hand slid down the grasp his smooth balls. “Mmmf.”
“Sherlock? Like Sherlock Holmes? The detective?.”
“You’re clearly not fine. You’re vibrating out of your skin.”
He opened his eyes after the pulses faded away to find Sherlock’s head up and eyes open, his hand still gently cupping him. Sherlock met John’s gaze, smiling happily and looking proud of his accomplishment. John reached out and rubbed his thumb over Sherlock’s rosy lips. “Clever lad. Bloody gorgeous that.”
“So you said.”
“It’s true about Watson, though. He never went long without finding some female company. Heard he even managed to find a willing lady from time to time after he was sent to Afghanistan,” Hillock said, circling back to the topic of John’s exploits. “Charms them every time. So, who are you seeing now, eh? You keeping her far away from us so she never knows what a slag you are?”
“Oh.. my.. fuuuuu...” Sherlock breathed in stuttering quick tempo. He clenched his fingers into the bedsheets and reveled in the new sensation between his legs.
Sherlock gave him lopsided smile and suddenly John understood. It was always a strange feeling when it suddenly dawned on him how much Sherlock cared. And considering how many times he’d been taught this particular lesson, he felt ashamed that he was still surprised when he realized how much Sherlock valued John’s opinion of him.
“That’s pretty obvious. I’ve seen you chat people up and you’re not this bad at it.”
His mouth opened in surprised. “That’s... an odd thing to say.”
“For god’s sake, John. She is intellectually engaging, a challenge, a much appreciated playmate in a world full of dullards. My mind adores her. But she wants me begging, humiliated and at her mercy. You make a lot of assumptions about my... kinks.”
Christ, if he didn’t love the way that felt, how it sounded. John frantically rutted against Sherlock’s warm arse.
“Then?”
“I... don’t want you to stop.... I really don’t want that to ever stop.”
Sherlock studied him, eyes narrowing. “Would it upset you? To stop.”
“Don’t make me sound like a judgmental arse.”
No, John didn’t think it was likely he’d dismiss it so easily. He was just too used to thinking of Sherlock as sexless. All brain and no body. Sherlock himself had promoted this idea, but it wasn’t true at all. Unfortunately, John knew exactly fuck all about how his friend regarded sex - other than as a motive for murder. He did know that Sherlock disdained emotion, but had more of it than he’d ever admit. There was just no telling what that git was thinking.
“I should be used to you manhandling me by now,” John grumbled, but relented to being turned and to having his back half given the same treatment. He wasn’t really put out. It felt rather nice, actually. Sherlock’s fingers combed through his hair and then his lips were on the back of his neck. He had a suspicion he was also being sniffed. Typical.
“Ask.... but don’t... don’t ask if you’re going to wish you didn’t know.”
“Yes. Yes. Yes. Do that. Yes.”
“I’m not promising anything. I’m just telling you how I feel. Either one of us could change in time. It happens and it could be complete shit if it does. That’s life. No guarantees. Things are good now. Great, actually. Assuming that an unhappy ending is inevitable just ruins what we have now.”
“Greg. It’s not like that.”
“Tha’s the only time you...?”
“S’ok.”
“-and they can track criminals. They can be trained to protect their owners and territory.”
“To be clear... you know my lack of experience and difficulty with social situations in general - and sex in particular. I need to know if there’s some subtext I’m missing in this conversation. Like how asking someone if they want to get coffee is code for asking for a date.”
Sherlock was running John through the clues like usual, using him as a sounding board. John made comments that, also like usual, weren’t particularly clever or relevant. And as it sometimes happens, something he said caused Sherlock’s mind veer off in a new direction, leading to the following exclamation, “John, that’s brilliant!”
That’s not what happened.
“Is it ok if I ask? Don’t wanna be rude or make things weird.”
“Yeah.”
“I don’t have the heart to go out again tonight, even with your help.”
A skeptical eyebrow rose on Sherlock’s face. “A lap dance by a 16 year old...”
But that had left John without much to do. So he’d gone out. For a little me time. Ok, he went out to meet women.
“Yeah, sorry. Um, this is Sherlock.”
“I...”
“You never know. You might decide you like romance after all. You’re a natural at affection.” John gave him a half hearted smile and stroked the skin under his ear.
“I could train it to use a litter box.”
“How long had you been standing there?” He continued to keep his eyes focused on his laptop, clicking and typing as if most of his attention was there.
John ignored the attitude. “Why do you say you can’t?”
“Yes.”
“Don’t be ‘mbarassed. S’pose can’t blame you. Dunno how I’d feel if you saw me. But iss fine.”
“Ahhhouch! What- ow. John?”
“Then I imagine I’ll still be dragging you along to crime scenes. You’ll be nagging me that I’m not getting any younger and I need to eat healthier and rest or I’ll injure my decrepit body.”
He was on the sofa.
“Kissing you.”
Instead, he intently scanned the large crowd of patrons for maybe a minute before returning his attention to his companions. “The woman of Lebanese descent showing a tasteful amount of cleavage. She’s sitting at your 4 o’clock, and with a pint rather than a mixed drink. She fetishizes authority figures. This is not her local, so she doesn’t want to be recognized. Looking for one night stand. No interest in anything past that. Your body language indicates decently high hormone levels at the moment. Assuming you don’t botch your introduction or drink too much, the probability you will enjoy a very satisfactory orgasm tonight is quite high.”
John studied him. “I can’t tell if you’re trying to trick me into saying nice things about you or if you’re bragging.”
“So just to be clear, that’s not your thing?”
John winced. He had felt his little trips were pointless, but he was so used to trusting that Sherlock was operating around a bigger picture that he didn’t question it too much. “How the hell would I know that when you always keep me in the dark about your plans!”
“As I said, they are a fascinating -“
“You’re staring.”
“Fuck, that looked so good, mmm, yes. I’m gonna - yessss!” And John emptied himself, fucking his own fist, keening.
John was thankful he hadn’t any liquid in his mouth at the time.
“That prick! He did a runner!”
“See, that’s what I thought! Ish. Kinda. Couldn’t tell at all to be honest.”
“You’re frustrated.”
John laughed. “Maybe I’m a bit less hetero than I thought. Gayish.”
“What do you think?”
“No need.”
“We were just having a fight a minute ago.”
“No, but-“
“What? What do you mean?”
Sherlock didn’t answer.
Greg roared with laughter. “Can you picture him in a big billowing purple cape? I’d pay to see that.”
“I hardly think it will perish from being unsupervised for a few hours.”
“Sorry about earlier. In front of Lestrade,” Sherlock mumbled later, after he’d solved the case.
“What do you feel like?”
“No.”
“Don’t infer meaning where none is intended. But you were surprised and thought it was abnormal.”
“And of course, I couldn’t just let him say something like that. He was out of order. So I- uh. I told him you were good in bed.”
“That’s, um. I think I’d be at an eight too. About stopping.”
“Come here?”
“Why are you looking it up?”
“Who else?” He looked confused.
Did he fantasize? What would a man like Sherlock Holmes fantasize about? It was a shock in and of itself that Sherlock even masturbated. John had wondered about it before and thought it unlikely. But he definitely did, so what would appeal to him? And did he keep his arms behind him to keep from touching himself? What was that about?
