Loki and him were on the brink of completion, when Loki jerked bodily. He had yanked his horns out of Thor’s grasp and threw off their rhythm. It immediately broke them from their high and thus robbed them of their climaxes.
“Dad!” Tony cried running to the his father and falling through him. Howard clutched at his ghostly body and gapped at Loki.
“Right, the date.  What’s your feeling about a summer wedding? Though you’re birthday’s in the summer, we could do spring. But everyone has weddings then. I refuse the fall; we’re not having our wedding when everything is dying. Winter could be nice. We could change the color’s to-”
Steve dipped his head down in embarrassment and scratched the small hairs at the back of his neck. Sam and Bucky were still speaking but their voices became background noise as he caught the eyes of the brunette man they rescued. He looked to be fiddling with this chiton and gave Steve a small smile then turned back to his shoulder. Wordlessly Steve strode past Sam and made his way over to the man; whom continued to fiddle with his chiton.
“What have I missed?” Thor asked after coming back from inside Tony’s house.
“I never lied to you!” Steve yelled upon his entry.
“Long story short, they found out I thought they were all sleeping with Thor. So we had this confrontation where I learned that none of them have or are currently sleeping with Thor.” Tony smiled but Loki seemed to be closing himself off. “This was all just a misunderstanding that got blown way out of proportion!”
“Wait what are the rules?” Bucky cut in.
“Loki-” Tony tried.
“This way Asterion get’s to live and not have to worry about anyone else coming for him.” Sam added.
“Yes I do.”
“Why are you defending him?! What care have I for how he feels?! In fact, what care have
“So what’s the mission?” Bruce asked after Thor departed.
“Of course I’m trying! But people don’t just blurt these things out you know? Give me a break!”
“What? Whistling?”
“Unique or not, Tony you know this guy has hurt Loki! He caused this whole mess!” Rhodey reminded urgently.
Then Fenrir shrank drastically till he was the size of a dog. He then launched himself at Tony, causing said man to fall onto the ground.
Loki was leaning over the slowly waking up god and tracing nonsensical patterns on the blonde’s chest with one finger. He gently looked down at the blonde god and gave a small huff.
“Now,” Steve grabbed Peggy’s ring and twirled it. “I still feel like I could have done more….but, I owe it to Peggy to listen to her.” He then looked at Sam “I want to be the best hero I can be, because I trained for it, because I owe it to Erskine, because Peggy would have wanted that, because I want that, because helping people in need is the right thing to do and...because I want to protect the people I care about. I won’t let them down.”
’ Rhodey thought as he glanced between Tony and Steve.
Anyway, onto the pain!
“Wait here guys. I think I know a place where we can rest.” And with that the blonde bolted into the treeline.
As they neared the City Guard's building they noticed a large group of people gathered near it. Curious and concerned as to what such a large amount of people may be gawking at, the group made their way over to the crowd. In the center were 3 guards on top of their horses looking down at a man wearing a familiar red tunic, and an even more familiar blue cape around his neck.
“You know him, don’t you?” Natasha asked and Pepper nodded.
“Don’t call it that.” Bruce groaned.
They all followed dutifully, still trying to absorb everything.
” Tony gestured to the guards. “To incur the wrath of a god. Everyone knows Thor favors the Avengers. He even fights alongside them! Do you really think he’ll let the mortals that raised arms against his friends live?”
know how powerful I am!”
He would miss seeing his friends everyday. He would actually miss Hel. He had lived here for most of his life and had only been to the land of the living sparingly. He was honestly nervous about living there for 3 months, let alone the rest of his life. But he’d have Rhodey by his side for the life part. The centaur would help him deal with people.
“I never heard that he died.”
Tony let out a full body sigh and glanced at the balcony then back to Loki.
“No!” They all fired back.
“You are already dead, so no. If you want to live again this is your only option.”
Loki raised his eyebrows. “Really?”
“So you have to move the rest of your stuff out of my Palace and into your home.” Loki added. The dark haired god then turned to the centaur next to him. “I trust you will ensure Steve upholds his declaration from earlier.” Understanding lit up the centaurs face and he nodded.
The Avengers, Thor,  Loki and Tony all looked startled at that.
“Dude!” Clint laughed. “You’ve had a relationship before right? This can’t be that foreign to you!”
“Oh you’re not?” Loki asked with fake innocence. “You just believe Steve when he says he’s not sleeping with Thor. Which works out great because apparently he loves you. Which works out fantastic for him because that got you to jump in his bed. I see that hickey on your neck!” Loki jutted out a finger to point at the mark.
“I know you want to talk about it.” Bucky said in lieu of good morning.
“I got it!” Tony turned to the other two. “Jörmungandr will hide as soon as he sees you Thor, so you have to hide and ambush him. He wants the Avengers, so let’s give them to him.”
“Here we go!” Tony cheered as he came back into the room with a bottle of olive oil. “Don’t have much but I figure this will work.”
“Hard to imagine this is all one town.” Steve mused aloud as he continued to gawk at the city around him.
They had gone to Thor’s temple and beseeched him in order for him to assist them in training Bruce. Thor had readily accepted and so everyday the humans would find themselves at the coliseum training yard the citizens had gifted them. Thor would spar against Hulk and Steve would coach Bruce on not letting his anger blind him. Betty would also be there as a fail safe because nothing calmed Bruce down faster than Betty.
“And you didn’t play that to our advantage?!” Loki bit out, annoyed.
“Just suggest it to Lord Loki?” She pressed. “He listens to you.”
“Don’t I know it.” Loki muttered.
“About time!” Bucky called back, “What did you and Peggy make out for an hour?”
Bruce gave her a small smile then grabbed her face and pulled her into a kiss. The others politely turned away to give the couple a bit of privacy. When they finally separated Betty and Phil ran off to Nick’s headquarters.
Thor and Loki had finished their first round on Loki’s desk and their second round on his one-armed, backless couch. Now they were on their third round on Loki’s armchair.
“Hold off on that!” Tony said looking guilty. Thor’s face once again became that of confusion.
“No one can manipulate me!” Loki screamed back, his red eyes flashing over his green.
Steve, Sam and Bucky slowly raised their hands as they assessed the situation. The leader took on a cocky smirk and dropped his crossbow.
It seemed like Steve’s side and Tony’s side would drift apart and never be as close again, if not for Thor and his frantic phone call. Loki had run away.
“You gotta remember you’re a god.” Clint joked while flicking a piece of bread at the now pouting god. “You can’t just, you know. BAM! Go all out on people.”
Tony let out a sigh and moved to follow Loki’s instructions but hesitated at the door. He turned back to face the god.
“Then be calm, he’s probably just having a dalliance with them and they are mortal. They will die eventually.” Amora explained with a mocking tone.
“Problem?”
“We’re not running away.” Bruce argued.
“You never said why you were here.” Bucky glared at the brunette.
“Just through here.” Bucky said quietly with a tilt of his head.
It was excruciating.
Everyone, including Fenrir, boggled at him. Fenrir whined and gestured to the Avengers and huffed a breath through his nose.
“We have 48 hours before our strength returns.” Steve said, biting his lip. “And Loki will probably send something else after us to distract you so Jörmungandr can strike before the time runs out.”
“You took his quest, his plea and threw it away. Nah! You actually threw it back in his face!” Thor raged, stomping over to Loki who stood his ground and glared.
They were outside the Great Temple of Frigga. Steve and Bucky had gone into the temple with Natasha while Rhodey, Sam, Bruce and Tony stayed outside at the bottom of the stairs leading to the entrance.
Steve and Thor laughed at his expense and even Erskine shook his head in mirth at the group.
as well (look at her art!)
The Mists of Knowledge had ensnared many shades and creatures. As the name implies the Mists of Knowledge shows knowledge. Visions of possible futures, glimpses into the past, answers to any questions, anything travelers wanted to know it would show them. It seeped into their minds and pulled them in further and further till they were lost for all time.
“NO!” Tony tried to shout but his voice was weak.
Clint and Natasha looked at the statue of Loki then back to Tony and sheathed their weapons.
After everything calmed down in Hel, Tony had collapsed. It was assured that this was just because his soul was bonding back to his body and thus taking a lot of energy. Steve still did not let anyone hold Tony except for himself. This also meant Steve could not help everyone in moving Tony’s things from his bedroom in Hel to his house.
Upon entering the Throne Room the Avengers were freezing but trying not to show it. Thor looked furious, tiny lightning was sprouting from his fingers and he had mjolnir in his grip. Greeting them was a glowering blue god. Loki was sitting ramrod straight on his throne and anger seemed to vibrate off of him. Ice was indeed covering all the surfaces of the room. Frost was even clinging to a fur coat that was hung up by one of the doors.
After being let into the city, Howard ignored all the questions people threw at him regarding why he was here, how was the war going, and how he returned. Instead he ran to his house where Maria ran to greet him. They kissed and Howard held her, just wanting to feel her. Tony then came running into the house, having ditched his lessons with the other children when he learned his father was back.
“Hands up or we fire!” An unknown voice yelled at the trio.
Steve, Sam, Bucky, and their two new companions Natasha and Clint finally made it into New Thebes City. It was huge, enormous even. The city backed up to the Mediterranian and was built on a very mountainous areas. There were various levels of elevation making up the city and all appeared to be occupied. There were tons of large buildings, multiple temples to the various gods, all sorts of statues in an array of sizes, and various monuments to certain heroes and/or gods. Chariots and people on horseback were everywhere on the city roads, the city seemed to constantly be in motion. The only time people seemed to stop, was when the traffic guides indicated they had to. The walk areas were also jammed pack with people, the city was obviously very heavily populated.
At the end Steve was breathing harshly and he looked crazed and desperate for answers.
The gang tried to carefully sneak around whatever was making the noise but then everyone could hear the whistling as it came closer.
Loki taunted “You could have saved him but in-”
“Should we take bets on how long it’ll take?” Amora asked lightly, a smile on her face as she watched the Hydra almost take a bite out of the smaller blonde fighter.
“What if I go up to the wrong woman?” Tony muttered aloud. He then sent Steve a frantic look. “I don’t know what my mother looks like now.”
“Howard Stark died?!”
Clint plopped down into one chair and Natasha immediately sat on his lap. Thor and Steve leaned against the wall behind Clint and the one available chair left. Sam grabbed the last chair then pulled Bucky down so the man sat on his lap. When the brunette went to argue against this, the dark skinned man pressed a kiss against his cheek and muttered a playful “Shut up” into Bucky’s ear.
“No! I do!” Steve held up his hand that held both rings.
“You do?!” Steve couldn’t keep the excitement out of his tone if he tried. “Then you’ll train me into becoming a True Hero?”
“Oh no.” He smiled like the cat that got the cream. “We’re doing this.” Tony then pulled the blonde’s mouth back towards his own.
“HEY!” Tony interrupted putting his hand on Steve’s shoulder and moving him aside. “I didn’t mean to lead you to that Hydra, alright? I didn’t even know it was there! I was trying to get help for the people caught in the rockslide. For Odin’s sake I was trying to get the city guard to help! I didn’t even know Captain and his merry men would be there.”  He thumbed Steve and then pointed at Bucky and Sam, who scoffed and rolled their eyes respectively.
“Nothing just,” Tony groaned and draped himself against the centaurs back. “I don’t know, I’m tired of people.”
Tony felt like his world was spinning. One hand reached up and clasped a hand over his chest. “Steve said…”
“You and the leader. Steve.” Tony didn’t say anything in his defense and Rhodey groaned. “Tony!”
“I’m not sure. She doesn’t appear in gossip and I haven’t heard any word of her.”
“How can you say he’s fine? Did you see the bags under his eyes?! His nightmares are probably keeping him up again and no one’s there!”
“A battle plan. I know you guys have been helping out so I need to be briefed on the progress we’ve made so far.”
“We don’t need protecting.” Sam replied crossly.
“Loki!” Thor called having just arrived at Loki’s palace.
Tony gaped like a fish for a bit before expelling a lot of air and seeming to deflate.
“Get me more recruits.” He ordered then turned to head back to his throne room, Tony following after him. “Those humans need to die. Each and every one of them. Get me monsters that will destroy them.”
“Loki-!”
“Thanks Howard. I...I appreciate the offer. I do. But Peggy,” Steve shook his head and thumbed his nose to try and stave off any tears. “You know Peggy told me I … I  shouldn’t be near her.” Steve grabbed his head and let out a shaky breath. “I’ve always been sickly and weak and” a sob broke through Steve’s mouth and Howard placed a comforting hand on his shoulder. “...Why her?! Why did she get it?”
Rhodey seemed to puff up at this and passed a look over all the Avengers before finally landing on Steve. “I helped raise him.”
“Anthony are you alright?” Jarvis asked as he circled the boy to check for injuries.
Loki hadn’t done anything to her shade, solely for the reason of never wanting to see the woman again in his entire existence. She had turned Thor’s gaze so easily. This was eons ago, back when Loki was only the god of mischief. She had so easily stolen Thor's attention. Thor’s gaze never went his way, never stayed on any creature for too long; but that mortal -Jane- had just appeared and Thor seemed smitten. Smitten!
So in trying to fix up Hel, raise a teenager, and oversee all his new hires he came to the conclusion that he required some assistance and thus asked his friend for help. Amora’s job was a managerial type position. She was to oversee all the creatures in charge of mitigating souls. She was to ensure they were properly categorizing souls. Ensuring that souls which should be punished, were; and the other souls stayed in the section they were supposed to (content souls in the Field of Content Souls, regretful souls in the Canyon of Regretful Souls, etc).
“I don’t like crowds.” Tony scrunched his face up and stuck out his tongue.
“Saw what?”
Loki let out a huge sigh as he slumped into his throne. The mortals were in the midst of a rather large war, involving many different countries or colonies or whatever the mortals called their self made borderlands. The death toll was enormous and thus his job went from mundane to rigorous in trying to account and place all of them. Loki let out another sigh as his mind briefly fantasized about leaving this dreary place. Hel was many things but dreary was the most common adjective that one would use to describe it.
“What? You would tie him to you an-”
Tony looked up at the centaur who gave Tony a small smile and firm nod.
“Is that right?” Bucky then asked the fog, as everyone else turned to the mist.
“Howard!” Steve yelled in outrage.
The Avengers then began to arm themselves with the weapons they had grabbed on their way out of the mansion. Bucky however looked extremely frustrated as he kept dropping his spear, unable to keep or even perform a proper hold.
“We’re here for you.” Bruce said encouragingly and Tony spared him a quick smile but then wrung his hands together again.
“Call him by his name. Only a handful, if that, know his name. You call him by his name, explain everything to him and you should be good.” Tony advised.
He then opened a portal back to Hel and stormed into it, a trail of frost being left in his wake. Amora quickly followed but not before throwing one last glare at the mortals being carried away.
“Ah-No...It...haha… it was a team effort.” Steve stumbled out and Tony’s smile just got wider the more he fumbled.
“This isn’t it.” Clint whispered in a shocked tone. “No, no! This can’t just…” Clint’s eyebrows furrowed then elevated as an idea came to mind. “Steve!” He exclaimed.
Last tour group Steve directed, he had gotten Natasha by interrupting her target practice and informing her their fans were ready for her show. A show of which she had no idea of. However Natasha was a fast thinker and clever, so she had turned her show into a demonstration of how to escape holds with Steve as the attacker, obviously. Steve had figured his bruises and being thrown about were her revenge. But, evidently he was wrong.
“Look who’s talking.” He teased in a much friendlier tone than he had used with any of the Avengers.
But Bucky grabbed Sam’s sword and pointed it at the brunette. In response, Tony only glared and folded his arms -clearly unimpressed.
“Not a superstar.” Steve laughed lightly. “And it’s a statue of my friend.” He eventually answered as he made to help Tony up. The brunette gave him a raised eyebrow then got on the horse by himself.
“Well?” Howard demanded.
Steve shrugged helplessly. “It was something I had to handle alone.” Steve gave a sad half smile. “I should have told you earlier though.”
“I am telling you this cannot be true! I need to go back!”
“Right.” Steve said in a high voice. He was not a prude, he’d been to public baths before. But laying naked in a field with his friends and the god of Thunder made his cheeks burn more than just a little red.
“Not as!... Nothing nefarious! You can trust us!...Just it’s dangerous, and-” He continued to talk to try and get his point across.
“My mouth.”
“An heir to gods who live forever.” Tony threw back then leaned closer, as if conspiratorially. “Unless killed by another god.” Steve gave him an incredulous look and Tony just shrugged.
Thor and Sam flew Bucky and Steve off the island. Thor was not able to accompany them to the city and so they parted as soon as they hit the mainland. New Thebes City was only a ways walk from where they landed and so the group headed off on foot towards their future.
The feeling was constantly there.
“He needs to talk to Lord Thor about everything.” Pepper advised
Thor and the other Avengers journeyed into Hel via a nearby entryway the magic map had pointed out. Once in Hel, they began to make their way down the yellow path.
Afterall, Thor hadn’t come to visit or even send gifts or messages to Loki since Steve and his friends entered the gods life.  He also did frequently help the heroes in their fights against the monsters Tony recruited. And Thor was never punished for his interference in mortal affairs.
“Well let’s go see who it is.” Clint said then took off towards the back of the house.
“I’m amazed you managed to come out of the Mists.” Pepper mused. “Normally once your deep in the Mist, you can’t see the exit. Or so I’ve been told.”
The Avengers sans Phil and Betty then made their way to the Monster Bog. They scanned and thoroughly searched the road and surrounding area for any sign of Tony. However, in the end they found nothing.
“I just need some time! A day!” Tony defended then ran into the portal before Steve could speak.
Loki glared at Steve and seemed conflicted for just a moment before he let out an angry breath.
Bucky glanced at his friend then gave him a small shove.
“You’ll throw away your freedom...just like that?!”
“Tony! I am overjoyed at seeing you!” Thor greeted going to give the man a hug but the human flinched back.
2. Let me tell you, this chapter was the one I was the MOST excited to write! Amora and Tony’s confrontation had been solidified in my mind for years and I just love it. Tony using his most deadly weapon (his mouth) to save his boyfriend and friends. YES! At first he was just going to try and stall and accidentally get hurt in the process then as the years went on and this story got more and more thought out. I figured out that no, he would know they’d need their powers back. And Tony’s a self sacrificing S.O.B. so yup he'd intentionally try to get himself hurt.
“Nat and I will look over the house again.” Clint put in. “Maybe we can spot something you missed, or find a clue of some sort.”
Loki grabbed Tony’s shoulders and held them in a tight grip, pulling the man back closer to him. The god then glared  and snarled viciously at the Avengers.
“Lord Loki has transported us to the Field of Content Souls.” She explained then made a ‘follow me’ gesture. “Come along with me.”
“A year?”
“You sell yourself short. Never turn down extra coin.” He laughed “Especially before it’s even offered. We need to work on your bartering skills.” He then gave Steve a small push towards the door.
Loki rolled his eyes at Thor's whining as he unfurled more of the current scroll he was reading. “Researching about the realm under my rule. What an odd concept.” He muttered sarcastically.
“Well” Loki seethed, his tone pure ice “That confirms it.”
“Everything.” Steve answered without hesitation. “I know what Loki told Tony, but it’s not true. I love him! And I came here to use my boon to give him his life.” Pepper couldn’t seem to stop smiling, and it appeared infectious as all the Avengers were now smiling. “Do you know where he is?” Steve asked hopefully.
“From where he’s at to the harbor is a long way.” Thor voiced, concerned. “What if he-”
“This is your house? It’s….wow!”
Loki rolled his eyes but Amora could not see that as he had his back to her.
“Isn’t that loney?” Bucky asked as he and Steve moved to put another beam into place.
“And I know I’m safe here because I’m not trying to pick a fight. Unlike all of you!” He glared at all 5 of them.
“NO!” Amora threw up her arms, putting up another layer of magic around her; thus causing everyone to halt in their tracks.
Tony strode into the alcove but the closer he got the smaller his steps became. His throat felt as if it was closing and he raised a hand to scratch at his covered scar. Letting out a shaky breath Tony gathered his courage.
“What?!”
“...I trust it.” Steve stated firmly then made his way back towards the riverside. Bucky groaned but followed him.
“And yeah I did know him. You could say he’s the type of guy that doesn’t listen very well. He hears “No” as “Yes” and “Get lost” as “Take me, I’m yours.””
Steve led his friends in the fight and they easily dispatched the lion.
“Ok that’s enough!” Tony yelled, slamming his hands on the table as he shot up. “Are you kidding me?! You’re all just going to go kill Asterion?! Because King Dickhead said so?!”
“Oh gods.” Tony mumbled his face and ears turning red. Bruce was now turned away and laughing into his hand and Bucky continued on.
“I’m sorry about that last time.”
“Shut up!” Rhodey pushed Tony’s head away, “I’m only a handful of years older than you.”
“Huh?” They had all been discussing their favorite style of chiton, so the abrupt change of topics threw a few of them through a loop.
Bucky instructed Thor to deliver the package of his and Steve’s letters to his Mother and she would pass the rest out. Steve then gently handed over the bag.
“There’s always some excuse isn’t there?!” Loki shot back in a snide tone as he walked away from the blonde, leaving a trail of frost in his wake.
“Maybe.” Clint answered and Natasha made her way over to him. He was in the bedroom.
“Then I will get close to them, make Steve tell me all his weaknesses. Then I’ll come back to you, report them.”
Tony wobbled over to Rhodey who quickly helped him up onto his back with a smug grin on his face.
Suddenly his breath stuttered as his face was raised up by two gentle and hesitant hands.
Natasha also took a breather, leaning her body against Clint’s back. After Sam nodded he was ok, he encouraged Bucky to lean on him. Thor offered his arm to Steve but the blonde waved him off, he didn’t feel all that tired.
“Steve,” Tony said carefully, the first faint note of doubt creeping into his high, unfamiliar voice, “Steve, you’re hyperventilating.”
.  Do not pass go; do not collect two-hundred dollars. Everybody at MIT knew about Tony Stark, weirdo genius, top-of-the-class, and only fifteen fucking years old.  From personal experience, he knew that coeds would not continue to grope you once they knew you weren’t legally old enough to drive.
“--actually, between the shoe thing and the phone thing, this is
“Yes, Captain.”
not angry.”
.  But maybe, since the waiting is starting to give me indigestion, we could have question time first?”
2:00 am.  Brooklyn. Steve’s Apartment.
“Oh, God, it was,” Pepper agreed, “The very idea of it.  That we should—should celebrate the life of that
“Tony Nelson,” he said, remembering just too late that Tony Nelson was a character from
Things are always better in the morning, except when they aren't.
“Uhm . . . less than eight.”
“We still need to–”
“Hey, hey.” Steve let out another quick breath and reached forward. Though Tony flinched, Steve flattened his hand over Tony’s forearm and held tight. “Tony, come on, sweetheart. Wake up. Wake up for me.”
“I did.”
Tony wanted to cry. He wanted to drop to his knees on front of Rhodey and bury his head in his lap, just like he used to do with Jarvis when he was little. Rhodey was the big brother that Tony had always wanted, had always longed for. He was someone that actually listened to Tony and remembered the things he said. There was nothing that Tony wanted more in the world than to go home with Rhodey and finally meet the Mama he spoke so highly of.
Tony was fed up of seeing midnight. It was becoming a disgustingly common occurrence for Tony to be at work until the early hours of the morning, not crawling into his bed until it was nearly time to be getting up again. The constant repetition of next to no sleep and a manic day was beginning to grate on him, but there wasn’t much he could do to change it. Not when he was trying to make a name for himself in the company and prove that he was a valuable member of staff.
“–not like I kept him here–”
“Don’t know if you had a key on you, anyway. You were a bit out of it and I didn’t want to go rifling through your pockets to find out. Easier to bring you back here with me, in the end.”
Tony let his head fall back and he blinked a few times, swallowing as he did so. Pregnant. Really, genuinely pregnant. He’d known, of course, just like he had said. But there was something about having somebody else say it out loud that made it that much more real, having the words printed out on an official-looking document held in the hands of a nurse.
“Bet you don’t get many people in here alone, do you?” Tony asked, his gaze moving from his stomach over to settle on the wall, eyes straining to read the hygiene posters above the sink in the corner.
“What?” Tony’s head was spinning. Maybe he hadn’t actually woken up? He hadn't slept in a while, after all. Perhaps it was all some sort of dream or a very vivid hallucination. “Steve, you’re not making any sense.”
The forced excitement he injected obviously didn’t catch on as Peter dropped his gaze to kick at the light dusting of snow on the floor.
“Right. Thanks.”
It gets no better...
“Yeah,” Tony said belatedly, too slowly. “Course I am. But I won’t be if we end up watching
“He gets a little clingy when he’s tired. I can take him back at the tree.”
Not that it mattered when he took one deep sip and coughed violently anyway.
Nerd. “You were in a bar and you wanted to talk about museums?”
There wasn’t much else that Tony could think of to say. There were no doubt a hundred things that he needed to say and a thousand more that he needed go hear, but his mind had gone blank. There was only one that he needed to get out and one thing that he wanted in return.
Oh. Actually, the reason he couldn’t see clearly was because of the tears in his eyes.
“Temporary?!”
“I did beg.  I just never thought he’d say ‘yes.’  High school girls love me, Rhodey,” he lamented, “They
Tony shook his head.  What he wanted, what he really wanted, was to sit, in silence, staring at his desk, until the palladium in his chest corroded, and the arc reactor caught fire, and he turned into a smoking pile of ash.
“Well, sure, doesn’t everybody?  Hey,” she said, waving at the tangle of horn and hair, “you wouldn’t consider helping a girl out?”
“No,” Steve said firmly, turning towards Tony in the dark.  He reached across the sofa and found Tony’s hand, twining their fingers. “I’m not saying this to make you feel guilty.  I had it tough when I was a kid, sure, but so did you.  I know you did.  What I’m saying is, even though I wished for a different life, I wouldn’t be the man I am today without my experiences.   And I wouldn’t have met you, so I’ve had to stop wishing.   I can’t wish away my past when all of my wishes for the future are about the life I want with you.”
“Tony.  Tony--”
“I mean, I would, if Captain America weren't so . . . so
“Well,” Steve admitted, “
“You, you--” Kimmy was spluttering with rage and embarrassment.
“So you do remember--”
, but,” he turned to face Tony, who had gone suddenly and uncharacteristically still, “not today.  Don’t worry,” he laughed and put a reassuring hand on Tony’s shoulder.
“This is me jet-lagged,” he murmured, leaning his head on Steve’s shoulder.  The movie played quietly in the darkness.
“Oh, um, name change.”  She held up her hand, flashing him a shiny new wedding band.
“You sorry you came?”
“Steve,” Bruce’s expression was wary, “is something wro--?” But Steve urgently shushed him.  She was back to the chorus now, throwing her head back again, her hair a dark tumble around her shoulders.  As she started to bark, her top lip pulled back from her gleaming teeth.  In place of canines, she had a set of sharp little fangs.  Steve . . . Steve knew those fangs.  And, with a dawning horror, he realized that he also knew those trousers and that vest and, now that he was really looking, he also knew that smile, and those dark eyes.
Tony narrowed his eyes, “You do remember that you already proposed, right?  And that I already said ‘yes?’  Steve, you don’t have early-onset dementia, do you?”
“In some cardboard box in the back of a junk place.  You won’t believe how good the print is--like totally, miraculously unfaded.  Guy also had
“Well,” Steve sighed, “it’ll be his hangover.”
“Well,” Bruce half-shouted back, “she sounds a lot like Madonna.  For what that’s worth.”
“Eh,” he shrugged, softening, “Keep it.  Post it.  Sell it.  Whatever.”
Tony jiggled his foot, and then jiggled it some more, consulting his number for the hundredth time.  It was still 147, same as it had been when he’d ripped it from the ticket dispenser two hours ago.  To add insult to injury, he’d left his phone in the glove-box, and now he was so bored, his eyes had started to cross.
They watched in silence as Gene Tierney took down the portrait of a sea captain from the wall of her bedroom, only to have the captain’s grizzled ghost appear to her during the dark and stormy night.
“Because I like eggs and bacon and milk and other foods that don’t taste like grass clippings.”
Tony was right; he was hyperventilating, and, suddenly, he also felt like he might pass out or vomit or both.  Steve doubled over with his hands on his knees and squeezed his eyes shut.
7: 00 pm.  Brooklyn.  Steve’s Apartment.
“Oh no, I’m sure she was a
“What’re you in for?” he asked.
reels out of the box and then continued to root through the tissue.  “Alright, Mom, bag’s empty.  Don’t get greedy.  Santa’s bringing you the other two.  You gotta have something to unwrap on Christmas morning.”
“I always try to match my drinks to my clothes, in case of spills.”
“Steve, that was delicious,” he said.
“Sounds swell,” Steve said gently. “You know, I never got to meet Maria.  I wish I had.” Tony only referred to Howard fleetingly (and bitterly), and Steve was exquisitely aware that this was the probably the most he had ever heard Tony talk about his mother.
“I do.  And you--you still want this?”
“Well, hello, Stark Family,” Howard said expansively as he came into the dining room.  He seemed to be in a good mood, but that only meant he’d been drinking. Tony felt his face settle into a neutral mask.
“Mmwhtmst?” Tony mumbled into the pillow.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why do you think?” Tony asked, peevishly.  “Because I love you, Steve.”
Steve spent a couple of hostile, anxious minutes on the sofa, alternatingly cursing at and praying for Tony, and alternatingly cursing at and praying for himself
“Sir, you consumed 4 whiskey sours and a martini, totaling approximately six standard servings of liquor, plus small quantities of several alien beverages of unknown chemical composition and potency.”
was probably the way he’d describe Tony now, too, an uneasy blend of
“Tell me to stop,” Steve took the shoe from Tony’s largely unresisting grip and dropped it to the floor as he popped the last shirt buttons, “and I’ll stop.”  His hands moved to Tony’s hips, anchoring him in place as he trailed his mouth across Tony’s bare stomach.  He could feel the muscles tense under the contact, and glanced up just in time to see Tony bite his lower lip.
“Oh, yeah,” Tony smiled, watching his mother as she rooted through the tissue.  He knew when she touched the first film canister because her whole face lit up.
“Thanks,” Tony said, taking it gratefully, and unscrewed the cap.  He took a long, burning swig, and then pressed the bottle into Rhodey’s extended hand.  Rhodey drank, coughed, and held it towards Pepper.  Her nose wrinkled and then, to everyone’s surprise, she drank, too.
Steve’s lips brushed his forehead, “I didn’t either.”
Chapter title from Madonna's song 'One More Chance.'
“As a heart attack.”
“Okay,” Steve sighed, “Okay.  Just so long as you aren’t leaving because of the name thing.  Because I told you that was fine.”
More than anything, Steve just wanted to fall asleep, skip over the current tortuous period of uncertainty, and wake up with Tony back to normal, or at least as back to normal as Tony ever came.  He’d accept Tony’s apology graciously then, make an apology of his own.  But sleep was impossible, even though he felt exhausted, and he gave up.
Feeling somehow comforted, Steve pressed the button on his phone to darken the screen.  Surprising himself, he stroked Tony’s hair as he rose from the bed, then shuffled his way back into the living room.
didn’t possess the body of a marble god, at least not then.
of everything else.  And, Steve, while I’m happy that you’ve come to terms with your shit childhood, I still fucking
“Come on, Tony,” Steve cajoled, “I haven’t seen you for two weeks.  Don’t tell me I just bought you a brand new toothbrush for nothing.  Cost a buck seventy-five.”  Steve did not miss the fact that Tony had yet to meet his eyes, even on the laugh line.
Tony rolled his eyes, “No, Steve.  Get with the program.  Vampires don’t wear capes.  They haven’t worn capes in decades.  Vampires are now strictly sexy.  And occasionally sparkly.”
“Where’s my shoe, Rogers?” Tony was still going for light, but only managed irritable. “Goddamn it, you really want me to wait out on the street in one shoe?”
“It’s fine.  It’s good.  Keep going.”  But Tony’s expression didn’t look fine, so Steve kept his fingers perfectly still.  After spitting in his free hand, he wrapped it around Tony’s cock and began a slow stroke.  Though the initial reaction was an abrupt clench against his inserted fingers, he gradually felt Tony’s muscles relax around him.  Tony began to lose himself in the rhythm of Steve’s hand and, soon, he was rolling his hips against the mattress, fucking himself steadily on Steve’s three fingers as Steve jerked him off.
“If you say so,” Steve said, and set his empty bowl and spoon on a bedside table.  He sighed and began to tug off his shoes, shaking his head ruefully.  Here he was, voluntarily taking off his very comfortable loafers so he could clomp around the apartment all night in hiking boots.  At least Tony was mollified.  Steve stood up to pull on the suspenders.
Tony took Steve's cock in his mouth, sucking hard.  When Steve began to groan, low and imploring, Tony stopped abruptly, letting Steve fall wetly from his mouth.  “Tell me, my son, what you thought about when you, ah, ‘self-abused’?”
“See this, this right here?  This is why I need to leave.  You don’t respect my boundaries,” Tony declared, trying for fury but not quite getting there.  He batted at Steve half-heartedly with the sneaker as Steve unbuttoned his suit jacket and then started on his shirt.
“No.  This is me making you understand the only way I know how.”
“Ish, Steve.  You are fucking me-ish.”
“And what time did we go to bed?”
“After dinner.  Now tell me, which side mirror got knocked off of which car, exactly?”
“Okay.  Touché.  But I also got you a right now, December 22nd present.”  He pulled out the big paper bag he had stashed under the dining room table before dinner
The bottle moved silently between the three of them until it was empty.
Tony’s face was inscrutable.  Steve continued, “You’re my other half, my team, and I thought that sharing a name would be nice.  Old-fashioned, sure, but there’s a reason people have traditions.”
“Really?  Are you sure?”
Finally pushing his plate away, Tony sunk down in his chair, folding his hands across his very full stomach.
Steve grabbed Tony’s elbow--an elbow that felt very small and fragile in his hand--and dragged him towards the elevator. Steve shoved him in, stabbing blindly at the button for some lower level.  They descended a floor or two before Steve slammed the red emergency stop with his fist.  “What have you
“No, really?” Steve puffed, sounding like he’d just run a marathon.  It was ridiculously gratifying.
He remembered Rhodey, tugging down the brim of his service cap and opening the car door, beating a path through the scrum.  He remembered Pepper, with a death-grip on his fingers, pulling him through the crowd in Rhodey’s wake.  Every time someone had tried to stick a microphone in his face, she had swatted it down, hissing like an angry goose.  Most of all, he remembered his name, shouted over and over, fifty times, a hundred times, until it didn’t mean anything anymore, until it was just noise in his ears.
“Or her.  Women can be non-denominational officiants these days, too--”
“Steve,” Tony slithered down Steve’s thighs and onto the floor, “we’ve already established that this
“Some party,” Bruce slid up quietly beside him, folding his arms on the balcony rail.  He eyed Steve up and down, then asked, “Lumberjack?”
The party started at seven, and Tony had assured Steve that everyone would be gone by eleven.  Twelve at the latest.  According to Steve’s watch, it was now 11:30, and somewhere in the last half-hour, the party had slipped noisily past full-swing and into full-on rager.  From his perch on the penthouse’s second floor balcony, he had a terrific view of the madness ensuing in the living room below.  For example, there was Clint, in the corner next to the bar, wearing a stupid headband that made it look like he had an arrow shot straight through his temples, playing darts with a mummy.  The mummy was winning, so Steve figured it had to be Kate.  Natahsa was doing a headstand on the bar, balancing two shots of vodka on the points of her high heels.  And, of course, there was Tony, drink hoisted above his head, dancing in the middle of the scrum.  So, technically, Steve
“Yeah?  And what are you supposed to be?” Tony made a sweeping up-down motion with his hand at Steve’s clothes: plaid shirt, khakis, and loafers.
“Calm down, Steve, it’s--” Tony gave a ladylike hiccup,  “--it’s only temporary.”
“I figured. As they say in the Scouts, ‘Be Prepared,’” Tony agreed.  “Did they even have scouts yet?  When you were a lad?  In approximately 1856? Too bad, ‘cause I bet you would’ve had all the badges. Hey, Steve--” and Tony kissed him.  This time, Tony tasted faintly like toothpaste instead of liquor.  Tony straddled Steve’s lap, sliding a hand into Steve’s hair.  The kiss was long and deep, and Tony was making delicious, little, happy noises in the back of his throat.  When Tony finally came up for air, he was grinning like the Cheshire cat.
Steve’s face crumpled, clearly weighing his two bad choices: accede to Tony’s whim (always dangerous) or forgo a blow-job (heart-breaking).  “You . . . you’re a jerk, you know that?” Steve said sourly, but Tony just smiled beatifically and swept his tongue across Steve’s scrotum.  Steve groaned in delicious agony, head lolling along the back of the sofa, and then took some amusingly deep breaths, struggling to find some measure of equanimity even as Tony began languorously licking up and down his shaft.
“What did you say?”
Tony tipped up his chin to meet Steve’s warm blue gaze.  He was wearing his beat leather jacket and his Brooklyn Dodgers cap and that ridiculous blonde beard, and Tony loved him so much it made his heart hurt.
“No,” Bruce agreed, “I guess not.  Think they’d do that to me if I gave them a paper plate?--Oh. Uh oh.”
“Why?” Tony refused to look at Steve, but he didn’t need to.  Tony could practically hear Steve’s furrowed brow and the serious, concerned look in his eyes.
Happy drove the car away from the cemetery.  Tony pressed his forehead to the cold glass of the tinted window and sighed.  The funeral was one, big, exhausting blur in his mind, all the way from eulogy to internment.  Tony couldn’t remember any of it: not who spoke, not the hymns.  For all he knew, there’d been bagpipes, a twenty-one gun salute, and a stripper popping out of a cake.
“You seem to be having some trouble,” he remarked casually, sidling over, “I brought you a drink since it looks like you might be here awhile.”
Thank you for reading, kudos-ing, commenting, and subscribing.  It means a lot :)  Also, wouldn't Tony would be a truly excellent guest on the Graham Norton couch?  Actually, someone needs to write the Graham Norton all Avengers couch fic.  Preferably today.  Make sure you send me the link :D  One last thing before I go: I meant to say this on the last chapter, but if you've never seen The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, do yourself a favor and watch it.  Seriously.  It's funny and atmospheric and heart-breakingly romantic.  Also, Laura and To Catch a Thief are on Netflix RIGHT NOW.  So, like, watch those, too.  This has been your classic movie public service announcement :)
*****************************************
“Tony, what are you about to do to me?”  Steve’s mouth felt suddenly dry.
“Great.  Mrs. Captain America it is.  I’ll tell the non-denominational officiant.”
party.” Tony swept all the way into the room and disappeared promptly into the walk-in closet.  Steve could hear drawers opening and closing, hangers scraping along closet rods.  There was a series of thumps, and then Tony re-emerged, dumping a small pile onto the bed: Steve’s hiking boots, suspenders, and a knit cap.  “Put those on.  You’re a lumberjack.”
What, exactly, was he planning to say here?  His life’s story, and its relationship to his family name, was long, personal, and probably X-rated.  Fuck.
She let out a little gasp, “Did you--?”
“I did.  Just me and my little flowered apron.  Also, could you stand back, please?  I have a knife.”
“I wasn’t.”
“That was--that was completely different,” Steve sputtered, feeling himself going red in the face.  “You know I didn’t drink--it was the War!  It wasn’t something I did for fun, Tony.  It was something I did for my country, for--”
“Oh, no.  They’d invented it, alright.  Only, back then,” Steve’s head was thrown back, and he was panting, “they called it ‘self-abuse,’ and you had to confess it to a priest.”
“Sure.  You’ve got that ridiculous beard, make it earn its keep.  Come on, Steve, don’t be an asshole.  Only assholes go to costume parties in street clothes.”
And, remarkably, when Tony woke up seven hours later, it had still seemed like a good idea.
“I have a refined palate, Steve, which means I can appreciate many things.  Is there toast?”
“Hiya.  It was so loud in there; I hope you don’t mind.  We haven’t been formally introduced,” she said, an ironic little quirk to her mouth as she stuck out her hand.  “I’m Kimberly Baxter.  Everyone calls me Kimmy.”  Tony felt himself smiling back and took her slim fingers, giving them a firm shake.
“What time is it?” He rolled over, groaning, and scrubbed a hand over his face.
Steve changed tactics, “Alright, how’s this for incentive?  If you get up now, the coffee will still be hot, and I’ll make you breakfast.”  The sheet descended slowly, revealing a narrow-eyed Tony, clearly weighing his options.
“It’s fine,” Steve’s fingers were back in his doubtless dirty hair, gently carding it over and over.  “Do it tomorrow.”
Steve released Tony’s shoulders with a furious groan.   Tony was impossible.  Why couldn’t he understand how stupid, how dangerous--Steve could feel a rising tide of anger and fear in his throat.  He felt, he felt--
“Steve, I swear to God, do not ruin this for me.”
“Take off your shirt and jacket,” Steve directed, shucking off his own suit in something like record time.  Tony complied, managing only the vaguest show of reluctance--a single, put-upon eye-roll.
Tony grinned.  It was the best start to the holiday he could have hoped for, Howard away on business and a mostly suitable transcript to present to his mother.
“There could be.”
When it became apparent that Steve would not be shaking on it, Tony folded his arms across his chest and leaned back in his chair, smirking contentedly.  Shocking Steve was one of his favorite pastimes.
“No, thanks.  Neal and I stopped for a bite on the way back from JFK,” Howard did, however, reach for an empty wine glass, helping himself to the bottle on the table.
“You can think you can
“If I were you,” Bruce said mildly, “I’d just wait.  They’ll just keep doing it.   Oh, and look, Tony’s got it.”
Tony snatched the remote off the coffee table and switched off the television.  Steve could make out his unhappy face in the dark, each miserable line picked out in the blue light of the arc reactor.   “So that’s why, Steve,” he confessed, “That’s why you can’t be a Stark.  Because I barely want to be a fucking Stark.  I mean, other than the obscene amounts of money and fame,” he laughed bitterly, “there just aren’t many perks.”
“Hey, Cap? You in here?” Tony cracked open the door, sticking his head in, “Pep told me you were hiding out with a bowl of cereal.  You want blinis?  Or shrimp?  There’s tons of party  food in the kitchen.  I’ll steal a plate for you.”
“Tony,” Steve said, pulling back to unzip Tony’s fly, “for the last time: I’m not angry with you. Say it.”
Tony took another sip of scotch, mulling over this proposal.  “No deal,” he said finally, “Can’t do it.  I mean, Captain America is wearing a little flowered apron in here.  And how often do you get to see that?”  Steve sighed heavily, resigned, and moved to transfer his roast to a platter.  Tony, obnoxiously, moved to peer over Steve’s shoulder, “What are we having anyway?”
When Steve got back from his run around ten, Tony was still comatose, sleeping soundly in the drawn-curtain twilight.  He didn’t even twitch when Steve came into the bedroom to shower and change into fresh clothes.  Now showered, shaved, and dressed, Steve stood at the foot of the bed, toweling his hair, and considered the sleeping Tony.  He looked like a Raggedy-Ann doll dropped face-down from great height, arms and legs splayed haphazardly beneath the sheets, claiming most of the available real estate.  Tony slept on his stomach, always, even though he claimed it caused wrinkles.  This was okay with Steve, since he actually liked Tony’s laugh lines, not that he would ever,
“Tony Stark, you are a raging asshole,” Therese said helpfully.
“Huh,” Steve whispered to himself, “How about that?”
“Oh, Tony,” Steve breathed and, without meaning to, found himself standing with his erection pressed firmly against Tony’s ass.  He wrapped one big arm around the front of Tony’s shoulders, pulling him up to stand with his back pressed to Steve’s chest.  The other arm slid down, palm skimming over Tony’s stomach and his coarse thicket of pubic hair, coming finally to the head of Tony’s erect cock.  Steve gripped and began a slow, loose, stroke.
Steve continued, pointedly ignoring the interruption, “And he was telling me about how when he and his wife got married, there was a big discussion as to how the minister would present them at the end of the ceremony, whether they would be Mr. and Mrs. Barton, or Mr. and Mrs. Clint Barton, or whether she would keep her maiden name, or--” he stopped, doubtless because Tony’s eyes had started to glaze over.  Tony’s attention was recaptured when Steve grabbed his hand. “Listen, Tony,” Steve said, in his most earnest, apple-pie, Captain America tone, “I love you more than anything.  And, if it’s alright with you, I’d like to take your name.”
, there they were.  He and Steve.  In tuxedos and pocket-squares, looking at one another gooily on the cover of
“Ha.  Well, thanks.”   She put the phone back in her bag and pretended to go back to her book, but Tony could feel her looking at him from the corner of her eye . . . just like he was side-eyeing her while pretending to read his magazine.  Who was he kidding?  He let the magazine fall into his lap.
“Nevermind.  Stupid question.  I know you did, and I bet it has fifteen layers.”  Steve frowned ever-so-slightly, as if he were considering whether or not his feelings were hurt. Tony changed tack, “And I’m sure,” he added as sincerely as he knew how, “that it will be
“Alright, Grizzly Adams,” Tony sighed.  He stood on his toes and gave Steve a peck on the mouth, “Duty calls.  I gotta go keep Pepper from turning someone into a newt.  See ya on the dance floor.”
“Fuck,” Tony hissed, and Steve wasn’t sure if it were due to the hickey or the inexorable up-and-down movement of his fist.
“Was I on one before?” This from under the sheet.
“It’s in the box of Christmas ornaments,” Steve called to his retreating back, “On top of the armoire.  You’ll need a chair.”  There was swearing from the next room.
“Maybe I could make it up to you sometime?”
The touch of that tiny, feminine hand was too much.  Steve slid all the way down the elevator wall to sit on the carpeted floor.  “Give me a minute,” he wheezed, pressing his face into his drawn-up knees.  He sucked in a slow breath, then tipped his head back against the wall, looking squarely at his new Tony.  “Okay,” he said, as much to himself as to Tony, and as calmly and commandingly as he could, “This--It’s temporary.  You said it’s temporary; I’ll assume it is.  You’re drunk, and you’re going to go to sleep it off.  All of it.”
, and
.  Thanks for asking.  Turbulence the whole time; I swear to god, I think the pilot was trying to make me puke.  And they were out of olives.  Why even have a private plane if they don’t bother to stock the bar?  I bet Delta has olives,” Tony meandered through the flat in his sock feet, stopping off at the bar cart in the living room.  He found a glass, poured himself a very expensive (and very large) single-malt scotch, and continued to complain at top volume, “And
“Yeah, they’re pretty cool, right?” Tony said, unsure, and clearly angling to change the subject, “Reebok sent ‘em to me.  Iron Man Special Editions.  Of course, I should probably charge Reebok to wear them.  I mean, I’m basically a walking billboard.  I’m thinking a thousand per appearance for the left foot, more for the right--Um, Cap?”  Tony reached up a hand for said Reebok, but Steve, shoe in hand, had already decamped to the bedroom.  “Steve, I’m gonna need that back,” Tony called after him.
?  That’s cute, but my girl here forgot her harem pants.”  Therese practically threw Tony’s hand back at him when she released his crushed fingers.
“I wanted us to have a nice dinner, and--oops,” he paused, wiping up some sauce he had glopped on the counter, “and there was something I wanted to ask you.”
didn’t smell wrong?
At midnight, the DJ was displaced by a karaoke machine.  From their elevated vantage point, Steve and Bruce watched a string of unidentifiable ghosts, zombies, and costumed superheroes sing a series of unidentifiable songs.  Well, unidentifiable to Steve at least.
for willingly drinking magic fucking potion?  You need a hint?  Surprise, Cap!  It’s you!
“But--”
Just like this fire-cracker was whipping them now.  When she reached the chorus, something about material girls or material worlds or maybe both, Steve thought they might mob the stage.  She was magnetic; even Steve could not take his eyes off of her.  And when she threw her head back, exposing the white column of her throat, and let loose a string of orgasmic little yips, Steve felt each one in the pit of his stomach.  Or maybe somewhere lower.  In any case, she made him squirm.  He leaned towards Bruce, “What’s she supposed to be?”
“Hey, Cap,” Tony said, raking his hands through Steve’s thick blonde hair, “sorry for giving you blue balls earlier.  You’ll probably won’t believe this, but I suspected you might be mad at me.”
“No, you’re right.  it doesn’t,” Steve laughed, “but if you sleep all day, you’ll never get back on a regular schedule.”
“Steve,” Tony shook his head, but he was smiling, just a little bit, “we aren’t the Mets.  We don’t have to have the same team name on the jersey."
“I--no,” Steve’s brow furrowed, “She wasn’t--I’m sure she wasn’t-”
“Well--”
“Oh, well,” Steve placed his napkin on the table, standing, “good, because I made a cake.  Would you like coffee, too, or--” Tony grabbed his wrist before he could actually leave.
“Now hear this: I’m going home to sleep in my own bed, Rogers, and if I pick up tetanus or worms or whatever from the sidewalk because I’m missing a shoe, it’s your fault!”  As he spun on his heel to stalk out, Steve glimpsed the phone in the back pocket of his jeans.
Which was how he had ended up here, lips slathered in Ruby Woo, watching Captain America hyperventilating on the floor of an elevator, and realizing, with a dawning horror, that he had royally, majorly, seriously fucked up.
“Steve,” Tony murmured, his eyes slipping shut.  He felt Steve’s arm tighten around him.  Soon, he was asleep.
He wanted, more than anything, for it to be okay, for Steve to say that everything was alright and, for once, to actually believe it.  But if it had been Steve who had pulled that shit earlier?  If Tony had asked to take Steve’s name and gotten some weird, lame-ass ‘no’ in response? A. His ego would never have recovered, and B. he wouldn’t have stopped pestering Steve until he had gotten a true and coherent explanation.  With Tony in the driver’s seat, the whole episode would probably have devolved into a shouting match, whereas Steve simply had too much self-control.  Now the whole name thing was just out there, festering, waiting to . . .
“Oh, hey.  I know you,” she said, with a note of recognition, “you’re in my machine vision class.”  And then she put the face with the name, and her smile abruptly fell away, “Tony Nelson, huh?” Her handshake tightened painfully and deliberately around his fingers.  “Isn’t that Larry Hagman’s character from
“What does that--what does that even mean?”
Steve hung the damp towel back up in the bathroom, threw back the curtains to let in the daylight, and then eased down to sit on the edge of the bed.  He was sure--well, pretty sure--that everything was okay now, and he smoothed a hand tenderly across Tony’s tousled hair and then down his sandpaper cheek.  Tony’s single visible eye (the other was smashed down into the pillow) opened one pained crack.
this reception, of course, but some of the girls could make even the most battle-hardened marine units eat from their hands.  He remembered one girl in particular, Carole the Carrot-top.  She was pretty enough, though not quite beautiful, and shorter than the other girls by at least two inches, but there was something about her—the sway in her hips, the tease in her smile—that whipped whole crowds of men into a frenzy.
Tony was definitely, definitely right.
“Nope,” said Tony abruptly, pushing his chair away from the table with a scrape, “Hey, do you want a drink?  ‘Cause I’m having one.”  He snatched his rocks glass from the table as he strode out.
They watched Tony shove his way through the crowd.  He looked diminutive next to the Asgardians when he finally made it across the room.  Now, he was jabbing a finger in Thor’s face and gesticulating with his cup.  There was some animated but inaudible back and forth, and then Tony abruptly downed his drink in one long swallow.  He held up his empty cup theatrically before hurling it at the wall.  When it bounced off harmlessly onto the floor, there was an eruption of cheers from the assembled Norsemen.  Volstagg clapped Tony on the back so hard it nearly knocked him down.
Hooking his fingers under the bottom of his t-shirt, Tony began to peel it off, one inch at a time, revealing in slow succession the jut of his pelvic bones, the thin line of dark hair trailing down from his navel, his dusky pink nipples and the arc reactor glowing coolly between them.  He let the shirt fall to the floor in a heap and then folded an arm behind his head, exposing one beautifully sculpted triceps and the shallow hollow of his axilla.  The pose reminded Steve forcibly of Michelangelo's
Blue: sadness, depression (can also be guilt if the emotion is strong enough. Pointing this out as I use it in this chapter)
Her delicate features caved a little and she pulled him into her arms, she had suspected as much, but had hoped otherwise. Steve, Steve was an idiot.
Tony stared, and stared and stared, wondering if Steve, the cap, was really there, or if he had begun to form a fever, hallucinations and all.
He was right, he was not fit for the love of one Captain America.
The day that Steve Rogers came stumbling back with a broken Bucky Barnes by his side was a day that Tony stark was unlikely to forget. He'd spent the day curled up to Natasha, sickly and weak, finding it hard to even find the will to make anything anymore. The others all watched on with heavy hearts, Clint, Rhodey, Bruce and Thor felt utterly useless in the face of Rejection, and instead endeavoured to provide as much care and comfort as Tony required in his fading days.
He smiled at the redhead, pleased when she smiled back and kissed his cheek.
"Steve?" Tony whispered, struggling to sit up.
She looked down at him with a soft eyes, and Tony knew what she was seeing.
He giggled, they were so high strung at the moment. He guessed they just wanted to get this right.
I know we just met yesterday but I don't think I've felt this normal in a long time. It feels like the old days, chasing a certain gent-" Bucky ribbed Steve and both of them grinned. "-and experiencing new things, makes me feel like the old me. Having you here, my new soulmate, makes me feel like I've finally clicked in the last piece of a long and difficult puzzle. You're perfect Stark, and the perfect distraction. I just met you and from the way Steve's talked about you over the past few months, and meeting you now, I feel like I've known you and belonged here forever"
“A what?” Steve laughed, confused.
“This was one of my mom’s favorites,” Tony said quietly, his eyes fixed to the screen.  “We had this cranky old 16 mm projector, and we would watch movies when Howard was out of town, stuff she liked from when she was young.  We made popcorn on the stove, and she let me change the reels.  She would always let me stay up until the end, even on school nights.”
.  There was no way she wouldn’t call ‘bullshit’ . . .
“And I’m going to stay,” Tony agreed abruptly, his knees buckling, “This is coercion, Steve.”
“Yes,” Steve agreed, “I’m sorry you didn’t have a good trip.”
“I’m not leaving because of the name thing,” Tony said promptly, sticking out his free hand.
be stupid enough to mention it.  Tony didn’t
“Shut. Up.”  Tony gasped in open-mouthed delight, “Are you serious?”  The mental image was glorious: the fog of incense, the hush of the church, the exotic shadows cast across Steve’s face by the confessional screen . . . “Please tell me you were a choir boy.”
“You’re not angry,” Tony murmured.  And while he wasn’t entirely convincing, Steve decided it was about as good as it was likely to get.
“What was that supposed to be?” Steve asked, wincing, as an eye-patched pirate closed his number with a warbling sour note.
“Oh, fuuuuuuck,” Tony moaned through gritted teeth, and subsided back face-first into the pillow.  He was totally shit-faced. He’d been drinking with the big boys and now he was a big girl instead. He felt suddenly exhausted.  And the hang-over, he had no doubt, was going to be absolutely brutal.  “Jarvis,” he muttered into the stuffing.
“Steve--” Tony began and then stopped, unsure what he even meant to say.  If he asked Steve not to be angry, Steve would say he wasn’t angry.  If he asked for forgiveness, Steve would say there was nothing to forgive.  “Shit,” he said instead.
“Fine,” Steve assented, “but you should still sleep here.” He declined to add that Tony didn’t, as far as Steve could tell, even have a circadian rhythm or that, if he did, fifteen hours of uninterrupted sleep was unlikely to correct it.  In Steve’s experience, Tony’s sleeping patterns had less to do with chronobiology and more to do with caffeine consumption and mania.
“Comfortable?”  Steve knew it wouldn’t fly; Tony was already making a face.
locked down Captain America.  Because I think that ‘Anthony Edward Rogers’ sounds fly, and I want it on my driver’s license.  Because names are symbols, and I want the one that stands for goodness and fidelity and sanity and, and--I’ve made up my mind about this, and it’s either going to be Tony Rogers or Mrs. Captain America.  I’ll let you choose.”
“Of course not.  We’re a family no matter what.  Sharing a name is just a symbol, and it’s not a symbol we have to embrace, if we don’t want to.”
“You know, Tony,” Steve said, with a humorless little snort that shot straight through Tony’s guts, “I really think you’ve done enough.”  He tipped his face to the ceiling, “Jarvis?”
“Therese wanted to meet you, just in case you turn out to be the Boston Strangler.”
, has wasn’t feeling optimistic.  And then, just as he was about to settle for
“And I didn’t brush my teeth.”  The heat of Steve’s body, the fingers in his hair--Tony felt as if he were being pulled under.
Forty-five minutes later, Tony was vomiting in a rose bush.  He heaved up the last of the boozy-smelling bile while on his hands and knees and then rolled onto his back in the grass.  He fervently hoped he would just die.  Machine vision was at eight am on Monday, and he was pretty sure he could never show his face there again.  That meant he’d have to drop.  And
“What?” His face came out of the pillow from sheer force of shock.  The room was gaining momentum now and had begun to tilt, “How?”  0.13?  That wasn’t right, couldn’t possibly--
.  With Dana Howard.  Saw it with some of the boys on leave.”  From the corner of his eye, Steve could see Tony lift his head, watching closely, searching Steve’s face for some sign of the nameless ache that mention of his own time engendered.  But Steve wasn’t sad, not now; he was content in this moment, in this time, and with Tony.  He turned his head just enough to drop a kiss in Tony’s hair, and Tony subsided back against his shoulder.
“Kitchen,” Steve called.
.”  She shuddered and shook her head.  “I should have found an excuse for you, Tony, so you didn’t have to go.  I should have said—God, I should have said anything.  I’m so sorry, Tony.  Tony?  Tony!”
“Work this out?  You’re holding my phone hostage!”
“Oh, geez, Tony,” Steve thrust both hands in his hair, raking it back from his temples, “I don't know. As little as possible.”
“--and the phone thing--” Tony continued as if he hadn’t heard.
“Thanks, yeah.  I got it.  So not helpful.  How much did I
“But you want to.”
Steve broke in before Tony picked up too much steam, “But
“Tony,” Steve rolled his eyes, “you aren’t--”
me jet-lagged.  Besides, nothing says ‘let’s be friends again’ quite like a three am blowjob, am I right?”  Steve felt his stomach flip.
“God damn it,” Tony threw up his hands, “I told them the bar was humans only.  After New Year’s, those drunks are strictly BYOB. Alright, Pep.  I’ll handle it.  I’ll march their happy asses back across the Bifrost on a liquor run if I have to.”
“Yeah.  I’m sure that’s what’s been holding everybody back.  It definitely has nothing to do with being the famous boy-genius freak.  Jesus, Rhodey, after this humiliation, I think I’m just going to have to change my name.”
“Tony?” Pepper appeared in the open doorway, throwing cold water over the scene.  She was clearly irritable and, in her witch’s hat, she looked ready to hex someone.  “I need you out here.  The DJ is late, and we’re already low on alcohol.  It’s,” she glanced over her shoulder, her voice dropping to a furious whisper, “it’s the Asgardians.  Again.”
Steve finally snapped, grabbing Tony’s narrow shoulders, just as he promised himself he wouldn’t do,  “Tony, listen to me.  There is nothing,
“Steve--”
“Now wait just a minute there, Spangles,” Tony rounded on Steve, jabbing a finger into Steve’s chest, “Of the two of us in this elevator, who is in fact
“I told you,” Tony’s head was thrown back against Steve’s shoulder, and he panted in his ear, “You love it.”  And it was true: he did.  In answer, Steve bit down hard on the juncture of Tony’s throat and shoulder, sucking the tender skin against his teeth hard enough to elicit a gasp.  It would bruise; he wanted it to.
“Hey, you said it, not me.  Now give me the phone.”
Steve rolled his eyes, “No, Tony.”
: he liked it.  He definitely liked it.  So he sprung it on Steve.
“Bummer.  You gonna drop it?”
She took him to the front door, holding his hand as they went outside to sit together on the brownstone’s stoop.  She looked at him from beneath her long lashes, her blue eyes bright and sly, then leaned forward and kissed him lustfully, her fingernails grazing his scalp.  She pulled back with a satisfied smack.
“Nothing.  Well, nothing you won’t like.  I’m gonna prove you like ‘em slutty, Cap.” Tony pressed an index finger was over Steve’s lips, shushing him before Steve had uttered even one syllable of protest.
She laughed, twisting on her inadvertent hook to get a look at him.  He gave her his most charming smile over the rim of an extended Solo cup.
“You know,” Tony continued stubbornly a moment later, “I generally make it a point not to sleep with people who steal my shit . . .” he trailed off, distracted by the lips edging towards the low-slung waist of his jeans.
“Ha.  No.  How about . . .” Who would Tony want to be, really, if he could choose?  Someone happy.  Someone sane.  Someone who didn’t vomit in bushes.  Someone Howard approved of.  “How about Steve Rogers?  That’s a solid name.  Everybody loves Captain America.”
“Go to bed.”
“Tony,” Steve placed a hand on the small of Tony’s back, “what’s wrong?  Really?”
* swinging my dick by morning.”
“She’s a vampire.  When the chorus comes back around, the—the yapping part—you can see her fangs.”  Steve could feel his face freezing, morphing from smile to rictus.
“Tony,” she said, wonderingly, as she pulled it free from the paper, “Where did you find this?”  She ran a hand over the faded label:
“I’m sorry, but famed Nazi-fighter Captain America
“So,” he said, matter-of-factly, “That was rude.”
**************************************************
“Slutty, Steve?  I’m not slutty?   I’ll have you know, the consummate breadth and depth of my sluttitude are a matter of public record, and my reputation is well-deserved.”
As he opened the bedroom door, Steve could see the wavering light of the television shining down the short hall.  He shuffled sleepily to the living room, leaning against the doorframe.  Tony was slumped on the couch in pajama bottoms and t-shirt, feet up on the coffee table.  He was watching something in black and white, the sound turned way down.  The light of the arc-reactor, dim through his t-shirt, lit the underside of his chin in a ghostly blue.
“Standing rib roast with a horseradish sauce,” and, taking up a carving knife and fork, Steve began to cut the beef into thin pink slices.  “It was one of my mother’s recipes.”
“Are you kidding?  Have you seen these things?” Tony spread his hands over his soft, round breasts and laughed, “It’s terrific!  And besides,” his voice dropped to a bedroom purr, “I thought this would be a fun model for you to test drive.” And then Tony actually had the audacity to wink.
1:36 PM.  Manhattan.  Social Security Administration Office.  Six Months Later.
“Neither.
?  Do you want a kid AND a puppy?”
“What about you?”  Tony looked impeccable in his black three-piece suit, but his only obvious nod to the occasion was a pocket square patterned with tiny bats.
“That,” Steve laughed, “was
It would have helped, Tony thought, to have tried at all.  Still, he felt a ‘C’ was pretty damn good for someone who hadn’t read a single assigned page.  Shit, his eyes had glazed over after the first sentence of Jude the Obscure.  Really, he hadn’t had a choice.  Thank god for Rhodey.  And ClifffsNotes.
Steve crushed his mouth to Tony’s, swallowing the sound.  He knew for a fact that the little old lady in the rent-controlled apartment next door was both nosy and a light sleeper, and he did not relish the thought of answering questions if he ran into her in the hallway.  But Tony--damn Tony--was kissing back ferociously, moaning into Steve’s mouth, and digging his heels into Steve’s back.  The vulnerability of Tony’s desperation, the trust implicit in his abandon . . . Steve was wholly overcome by it, better judgement and all.  Breaking away from Tony’s mouth, he pushed a hand between their bodies, finding Tony’s cock and stroking it in time with the motion of his hips.  He began to thrust with powerful strokes, sliding against Tony’s prostate with each plunge.  Tony’s wail of pleasure was now hitting decibels far outside the range of propriety, and he came with a shout, covering both their chests and stomachs in a pulse of sticky fluid.  Steve made just two more ragged thrusts before he came as well, at a volume only slightly lower than Tony’s.
on 16mm.  Tony got it for me.”
“Before I knew how you felt, I did.  But there are other symbols, things we both want, like having a wedding or wearing rings.”  Steve nodded to the engagement band on Tony's hand, gold with a single inset ruby.  Tony pulled the hand to his chest, twisting the ring around his finger.  Steve belatedly realized that he had actually managed to speak to Tony Stark for several minutes, uninterrupted by either gibes or non-sequiturs. And he was pretty sure that Tony had actually been listening.  It was unprecedented.  And a little unsettling.
, but after the fifteenth
“Why didn’t you use it?”
He twisted his engagement band around his finger, considering.  Steve had been unfailingly sweet, even though Tony’s behavior that evening had veered into the irrational/moronic.  In other words, Steve had been perfectly Steve-like all night.  Steve Rogers, with the soft, blue eyes and the long, pale lashes.  Steve Rogers, with the big hands and the gentle touch.  Steve Rogers, handsome in a hero suit and a little flowered apron.  Christ, but he loved Steve Rogers.  He didn’t deserve him, probably, but he did love him.
“Madonna.”
“Yeah, why not?  I mean, there’s a picture of me Frenching Steve right here on page 27.  They cropped it out, but I’m pretty sure my hand is on his ass, too.”  He held up the magazine, tapping the photo with his finger.
Tony’s hand froze halfway towards his second shoe.
“But--”
“Tony, I spend my whole life in a costume.  Can’t I just be comfortable at the party?”
“Yes?” He said, lowering the paper.
“No, but,” Steve smiled, “she was just great in the last picture I saw--
“Could ‘sometime’ be now?” Steve looked almost pitifully hopeful, and Tony felt Steve’s dick twitch optimistically against his groin.  Steve added, embarrassed, “Not that it has to be, of course.  I know you’re jet-lagged.”
The next song started: driving drums and frothy synthesizer.  The crowd erupted in laughter and catcalls as the singer took the stage.
Now that he’d had his little outburst over the clusterfuck that was and continued to be his relationship with the family name, Tony felt much better.  And it really had been a nice speech; but then, every time Steve said something nice to Tony, it turned out to be the nicest thing anyone had
“Oh, yeah?”
The waiting room was horrible. At least in Tony’s eyes, it was. That was probably only because Tony hated the place. If he wasn’t in the situation that he was, he might have not been so bothered by the crack in the wall and the mismatched blinds.
“Come on, then,” Tony said, peering over to see what Steve had done. “Let’s taste the wonder.”
Steve said
“Please,” Steve said and, damn, how Tony loved to hear Steve beg. It happened so rarely, but Tony treasured each occasion. It was nice to hold the power for once. Steve didn’t have quite the same wiles that Tony employed when it was him begging, so it was a little easier to hold out. “I’m asking you nicely.”
Tony noticed the reaction and his lips spread into a wide smirk. Cocking out his hip, Tony leant against the doorframe of Steve’s office and folded his arms across his chest.
Sarah looked over and nodded, reaching up to brush a few wayward hairs from her face. “Yes. He told you?”
Steve said and Tony could really appreciate how nice his voice was when he wasn’t tense,
“Oh. Sharon. Did we stay with them?”
Tony tilted his head as he and Steve watched Peter inching nearer and nearer to the man preparing to cut the tree down. If he knew Peter, Tony would say that he was gearing up to ask a thousand questions. And, he realised with a frown, if that were true then he needed to warn the man with the axe.
“Doesn’t,” Peter repeated, sitting up on his knees as he hung yet another bauble on a branch that already had more decorations than the rest of the tree in its entirety. How it hadn’t snapped under the weight was a Christmas miracle on its own. “She could come, too, please?”
“Take care,” Tony murmured, voice barely audible above her gentle cries, “mama.”
“Hey, Sam,” Steve suddenly called before Tony could even open his mouth, “watch the kid, yeah?”
came the quiet voice down the phone before Tony could open his mouth,
Steve made an inquisitive noise, shuffling around a little as he too tried to find a comfortable pose. Two or three food-services ago, their captors had seemingly deemed Steve weak enough and had released his arms from above his head, choosing to strap Steve to a medical table instead.
“Yeah?” Tony stroked his thumb over his stomach. “Steve was always good at talking me down. I’d work myself up into these states and wouldn’t sleep until I’d finished whatever I was working on and he was always ready to come and drag me back to bed. My job’s pretty crazy, sometimes. Long hours. He would come and find me, or bring me coffee if he knew I couldn’t leave. Always thought he was too good for me. He disagreed, but he was.”
“So, is the costume a thing for you?”
Steve hadn’t even noticed the little boy until then, but when he dropped his gaze for some reason, the boy was suddenly all he could see. There was a soft toy stuffed in his armpit, his arms lying limp by his sides. He only had one shoe on, tiny toes in a tiny sock that was such a bright colour. There was no need for kids to be so
Tony was compliant, curling up with the spy, watching movies with her till he fell asleep in fluffy pajamas with a soft blanket, and her fingers carrying through his hair.
"Alright alright enough you two" Rhodey chucked, walking over to pull Tony into his arms tightly, conveying his care and love in the tight squeeze.
"Hey, what bought this on?" He asked gently, and Bucky came closer to cuddle up behind Tony.
He was a haggard, run down shell of the man he used to be, pale and unkept, sickly from the rejection of his Soulmate. It wouldn't kill him, but no one was ever the same again after a rejection. He was becoming sick, perhaps in a few more months, or even a year, he would fall into a deep coma and never wake again. They would place him in one of those glass caskets that sat in open golden fields and hospitals for families to come and see, with all the other comatose rejected patients.
*Evil cackles*
Tony stared up at Bucky with somewhat dazed and Glazed eyes, blinking widely up at the stunning, healing man.
"It was a shock you know? Waking up to a different world wasn't so far out of the realm of possibility with the way my life was, crazy but not the worst. But waking up to find that, my Right hand mark was still black, but my left hand which has been black all my life finally has colour? It's insane" he sighed, leaning his head back against the window bay's wooden walls
He strode into the kitchen, perhaps showing off just a little when he found Natasha, Clint, Thor, Bruce, Rhodey and the supersoldiers all spread out around the large, open plan cooking space.
"Tony?" Steve called put gently, he had been unaware that the billionare was even in the room.
It was days later, after an engineering binge, with the place on full lockdown, that Tony heard from Steve again, and it was to the man calling out to one James. Bucky. Barnes.
"I'm sorry" Steve whispered, starting into Tony's hollow, sorrowful eyes. "I never meant to reject you, I just didn't know how to feel, how to react." He started, and Tony shook his head.
"What is it? What's wrong?" Bucky asked once they were in a sunny, window filled corridor away from the others.
"Capsicle? What's up?" Tony asked, sitting down at the large window bay with the other man.
"Lookin sharp Stark" Clint crowed, sounding pleased with an underlying tone of relief.
"I just think- I mean it's selfish of me really- you guys just got back and haven't had a chance to settle in and you're already having to prove yourselves and-"
Steve made a wounded noise, cutting the genius off.
Purple: lust, love, strong romantic feelings or sexual desire
(See the end of the chapter for
Clint rushed around the couch and together with Natasha, they helped the genius to sit upright.
"Antoshka you can't keep doing this to yourself" Came a sweet, comforting voice one night. Cold, beautiful Natasha stood next to where he sat, working at his table.
"We mean, after what you did to Tones, what are you doing here?" Rhodey hissed, glancing back at the couch to ensure that Tony was in fact still sleeping.
"And I've just met you, don't you believe that I should get the chance to decide if you're worthy of my mark or not?" He tilted his head and Tony felt himself brighten a little, blushing almost.
Guys should I make this a series or end it here?
"Yeah" he whispered back to them, "yeah okay."
Orange: fear/uncertainty
And so he his them, hid them from everyone, ignored his mothers heartbroken looks, his fathers drunken abuse, till the day they died and he was alone. Rhodey was there then, took him in, knew about his dead soulmates and did not pity him, instead, he showed him his blank fingers. Rhodey was born without a soulmate.
Red: Anger, hatred, violence
Two chairs abruptly scraped against the floor and Tony looked up as his two soldiers rushed towards him, and felt even more guilty at the blue that splashed their soul marks.
The day they announced that Captain America had been pulled from the ice was the day that the ring soul-mark on Tony's left hand changed colour. He and Rhodey stared at it for hours, amazed.
Everyone freezed as they heard a pained groan, and Natasha hissed at the men before massaging Tony's head soothingly. The man had become prone to headaches in the latter stages of rejection, and was always in some kind of pain.
"I-i would at least like a shower and all first" was all he managed, feeling kinda dazed but getting to his feet, which for once he was able to stand on by himself. "And perhaps some food and a good nights rest in my own bed, not that yours isn't comfy Nat"
They had grown closer since fighting loki, spent a lot of time arguing which turned into playfights which turned into heated looks. Tony's heart was hopeful, more now so than ever, because the day he first met Steve, his left hand soulmate ring had turned pink. It meant that he had met his Soulmate. When Tony had realised this, he'd look to Steve's hand a few days later and noticed that just like Tony, he had one pink soulmark, and one black.
With loose, low riding thin sweatpants, a tight long sleeve red shirt and freshly brushed hair and teeth, he was out of his room and fast tracking it to the communal kitchen. He couldn't wait to show his teammates how much better he was already.
"Wooooah guys, what do you mean?" Steve asked, stepping back a little as he caught sight of Natasha's deadly glare over the top of the couch.
"You cant beat yourself up like this doll" Bucky cut him off. "I've had enough resting under Hydra, I got my first soulmate back and I've finally got a chance with my second and if you think I'm not going to immediately jump on it you're wrong.
Tony nearly swooned, swaying on his spot on the couch with only Nat and Clint to support him.
"You're an incredible, brilliant, selfless man Tony is me who doesn't deserve you, don't you ever say something like that I can't... I can't handle it" Steve's shoulders slumped, and Bucky took pity, slapping his back a little roughly and turning to Tony himself.
The super soldies both came into the room properly, Steve getting as close to Tony as the others would allow.
"Tones, you know what this means?" Rhodey asked in wonderment.
"Besides-" Bucky held up his metal arm, and then his flesh arm with a bank band around his ring finger. "-I lost Steve's soul mark long ago, it's what helped Hydra keep their conditioning hold so strong, but yours? Yours I have doll, and I'd like to get to know the person behind it."
"He rejected me Nat, there's nothing I can do" he said, voice of gravel and pain.
THIS IS THE LAST-ISH ANGSTY PART I PROMISE GUYS.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony looked up into Steve's blank, unseeing face and swallowed hard.
Tony's heart broke, everything in him was ruined and chaotic. He had been stupid, Tony had fallen in love and now? Now he had ruined his closest friendship outside of Rhodey and dear, sweet pepper.
"You know what they used today tony, Steve had two soul marks, one black, one most likely Bucky's. What if... What if black doesn't necessarily mean dead?" Rhodey looked at Tony, hopefully for his young, longing best friend.
"Please, let us try Tony?" Steve asked wide eyes and hopeful. And really, how could Tony say no?
They grew close, as best friends as they could be but never anything more. They declared themselves soulmates to eachother, best friends to stand by one another till the end of their days.
"I-" Tony started, taking a deep breath before starting again, noticing that his fear and mild panic was tinging his soulmates marks orange with the blue and pink already there.
He shut himself away, flooded with memories of movie nights and life lessons and donut runs with Steve, listening to takes off the old howling commandos and the trouble he got into. Tony felt lost, like a part of him was ripped away.
He felt happiness surge through him, giddy at the thought of how the two men wanted to try. It'd be difficult for sure, Bucky was still shaking off his conditioning and sorting out paperwork with shield, but for once he was free from the confines of control. Tony felt oddly excited for him, despite hardly knowing the guy behind Steve's stories.
"What are you doing back here" Growled Bruce lowly, looking a shade greener than usual.
Tony swallowed, maybe now he should say something, but Steve continued.
"What?" The super soldier turned, facing tony.
Clint snarked, cutting Steve off.
Steve frowned, looking to Bucky with a lost look, the other man only frowned, feeling uncomfortable in the tense stand off, neither of them had expected to be greeted so roughly.
"Caught red handled" he muttered at them, knowing they'd hear him.
"You're not too bad yourself, drongo" he teased back, Clint just rolled his eyes.
"Tony needed you! You left him here, rejected him, h-he's..." He couldn't bring himself to say it. Tony was their brother, their family, none of them wanted to lose him and yet it was happening slowly and painfully before their eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Breath Tony, you need to breath sweetheart" Steve murmured into the geniuses hair, relishing the feeling of the smaller man finally in bis arms. Since the moment he had met Tony, it's all he had been dreaming of. Among other, less appropriate things that was.
And happy felt good.
A litle bit of unhealthy heartbreak.
That's why, when Steve showed up at the doorway to the lounge, the four men sprung from their positions and placed themselves between Steve and Tony with threatening bared teeth, Natasha pulling the sleeping man closer to her form protectively.
"Buckys right babe, you complete us, you always have, the fates new that before you were even born. We were looking forwards to you even when we thought we lost you, so let us have this" Steve hummed, pressing a slow warm kiss to Tony's forhead.
Steve comes home, and Bucky and Tony finally meet, perhaps not under the best circumstances.
He glanced at their soulmarks for him and was pleased to see them yellow. Yeah, that was right, he was definitely feeling happy all right.
The rings around his fingers tinged green and Tony couldn't help but snort, already the two were getting jealous and envious over him.
Tony nodded and bit his lip. Trying to think of what to say but then he watched as Steve stood up, begining to leave.
Steve pale the instant he caught sight of Tony, unshaved, pale and sweaty, the bags under his eyes looking dark and bruising.
Steve startled holding onto Bucky's arm and looking confused and hurt.
Steve tensed, pulling away from Tony a little.
"Sweetheart? What is it, what's wrong" Steve asked, always so worried.
"Why'd you come back?" He addressed Steve, voice grating and pained.
But the iron man shook his head, and that was that.
Tony froze, opening his eyes and blinking them to see Natasha looking behind the couch with a murderous glare.
As a boy, he never understood it, didn't get why his father called him an abomination and hit him all the time. But as a teenager, understanding what the rings meant, he mourned and chose instead to bury himself of work, graduating primary school early, then highschool, then university.
It was a sunny afternoon, where the sun sat low in the sky and the air-conditioning struggled against the heatwave that had struck, when Tony stumbled across a forlorn looking cap.
Tony sleep incredibly well for the first time in months. Found that overnight he made an almost full recovery. Steve and Bucky really, really weren't rejecting him.
Anthony Edward Stark was born with two black rings on his fingers, one on each hand. He went through life knowing that he'd had not one, but two soulmates and both were dead, and long gone.
"I-its not possible boo-bear, a dead soulmate is a dead soulmate, and there's no way in hell it could be Steven Grant Rogers, THE Captain America" he scoffed and shook his head, shaken.
"Really, more bird names?" He sassed right back, Tony grinned evilly, easily picking up the challenge.
"I'm not good enough for the great Captain America, Steve Rogers, or even James Barnes-" he held up with hands, showing a pink ring on both, one much fresher and richer than the others, he had only just met barnes in person after all. "-I'm not surprised to be rejected, or angry. You two deserve eachother and I'm just-"
Tony’s grin grew wider. “They’re not actually that plain,” he said, eyes sparking with mischief. “And I wasn’t feeling the blue. Didn’t go with the evening.”
“You sure about that?”
“I know you need a star,” Peter said, smile dropping back to a frown. “Bet you haven’t got one of those.”
Tony’s voice was strangled and suddenly there was a mass explosion as Tony shot several repulsor beams at once. “
After his college days, it took a lot to embarrass Tony so he just winked and nodded with no flush on his cheeks.
“Oh. No, he’ll be fine, thank you. It’s only me who ever gets affected. As long as we stick to Peter’s regular mealtimes and let him sleep for long car rides and things, he’s fine.”
Steve snorted and Tony’s lips turned upwards in a small smile at the noise.
Ironic, really. If Jarvis had seen that, he’d have dived on it immediately.
“Oh, God, no.” Tony screwed his face up and shook his head. “I don’t do sugar. This is enough. More than, even. This might actually kill me. Want to place bets?”
Steve smiled at Tony and shrugged into his jacket, shoving his phone into his pocket and waving his keys in Tony’s face.
Peter did so wordlessly, shooting Tony a soft smile as he slid into a chair by the table. “What else do you want me to do?”
“It is,” Tony mused, biting down on a yawn. He’d been up for a few days writing code for hours until his eyes blurred and his fingers hurt, which was the reason that he’d had to leave Natasha alone at the bar and sign himself up to receive at least one phone call. As tired as he was, there was still something intriguing about the call and he found himself not willing to hang up. “You must have been eager.”
Last night had been
“It’s a ring.”
Tony rolled his eyes as he dropped mini marshmallows into one of the four mugs on the counter before him. “In the kitchen, kid,” he called back, even though he knew Peter wouldn’t have heard him. It was as if Peter switched his ears off right after calling for attention, choosing to just shout until whoever he wanted made their way to him. Sure enough, there was another shout of his name but no child appeared in the kitchen.
“You’re a pest,” Steve said finally, his voice a little strained but his whole posture a lot more relaxed. “I don’t know why I keep you around.”
“Oh,” Tony said a bit stupidly. He stopped in the doorway to the living room, Peter’s tiny duffle bag in hand. It hardly weighed anything, which was good as it meant that Peter would probably be quite open to the wardrobe of new clothes that Tony had ordered for him waiting in his new room. “No. No, there isn’t. Was – is that bad?”
“Oh, lovely. Thank you.”
Steve frowned up at Tony. Of course he did. “I need to know what happens if we go down in a fiery wreck.”
Peter grinned, nose a bright red. “Yup.”
Right. The last letter. The one that had been sent only days before Tony had left school and had been redirected back to their mansion, arriving at exactly the same time as Tony had. The news that Tony’s parents would be spending the entire month of December in a different country had met Tony on the doorstep of the empty and unwelcoming house.
“Can’t what?” Tony placed the panties near his pocket again, Steve’s gaze still drawn to them like a moth to a flame. “I can, darling. They’re perfect. Let me just fold them back up and we can go–”
“You’re going to need a picture for him, aren’t you?”
Peter jumped comically at the voice from behind them and Tony shot an arm out to catch him before he fell off the breakfast bar he’d perched himself on. “Jeez, what –
And they hung out
Steve rolled his eyes. “You’re an idiot.”
There was a pause before,
“Did you panic?”
The air suddenly felt thick. “Don’t,” Steve started to say, stumbling over himself. “I just did what anyone would do.” Wouldn’t they?
“That,” Steve said, desperation bleeding into his tone. “You can’t wear those.”
Tony’s shoulders slumped and he dropped down onto the floor, back against the wall as he looked around the bleak entranceway that was bare of anything remotely homey, never mind Christmassy.
Steve frowned. He wasn’t hot on geography, but he was pretty sure he knew most big cities and countries. “Where?”
then Tony was all for it even more.
That could have been what Tony had wanted all along, what he had planned to happen. Steve would ring Tony and tell him that he wanted him. It was Tony’s master plan; it had to be.
“Woke up,” Steve said, stifling a yawn behind his hand as he wandered over to Tony. “Obviously.”
There was another long pause, almost shy, before:
“It was last Tuesday,” Tony said with a grimace. “A week ago.”
There had also been some blood in his underwear when he’d gone to the toilet around lunchtime. It had been a day and a bit since they’d
With a loud growl, Steve threw his cold coffee into the trashcan by the door and headed for the small garden at the back of the medical centre. He barely paid attention to his surroundings as he thrust his shaking hand into his pocket and pulled out a packet of cigarettes.
Last night never happened.
Falling back onto his mattress, Tony grinned. “Nat’s the asshole tonight, Casanova. I think we’ve been set up.”
“Yeah?” Peggy let go of Sarah and walked around her chair until she was standing in front of her. Resting back against the desk, Peggy met Sarah’s gaze. “Steve did a good job of describing him?”
I can do.”
There was a lump in Tony’s throat, but he did his best to swallow around it. He could do it. This was only the beginning, after all. He had an extremely long way to go until the end of the pregnancy, and then of course there was the whole problem of actually having a child.
“Our seats are right next to each other,” Tony said, expertly transferring the boy to the cramped row of chairs in front of Steve without waking him. Peter, Steve remembered. “Almost like fate.”
When Steve had let it slip that it would only be him at home for most of Christmas Day alone because his Ma had offered to cover a shift at the hospital and his best friend was on a therapy-ordered retreat, Peter hadn’t given up his pleading until Steve had agreed to pop into theirs for at least a few hours.
Tony shook his head.
The soul mark ring on his right hand changed colours.
"Both my soul marks were black for over twenty years!" Tomy blurted out, slapping a hand over his mouth with wide eyes as Steve froze.
"Come, Stark, watch a movie with me" she murmured into his hair, taking him but the hand and allowing Jarvis to shut down Tony's latest project.
"Chicken? Turkey! Nah too easy, hm, Popinjay, jackdaw?" Tomy snicked as Clints mouth went a little slack, having not known how much time Tony spent looking for bird related insults.
Hope that clears up some confusion! Of course there are more emotions but they fall into most of those categories, I just sort of went with the strongest emotions that could physically show up on someone elses soul mark!
Light Pink- medium pink: met your soulmate
"I'm beginning to believe that, Black may just mean out of our reach, not necessarily dead" Tony barely said it as a whisper.
Tony beamed when his soul rings flashed a beautiful yellow back at him, his Brooklyn boys must of picked up on his good emotions. And yeah, that's right, HIS Brooklyn boys.
"Antoshka, you need to rest" Natasha murmured in his ear, and Tony shook his head.
Tony felt guilty, and he looked down. They had only just gotten back and Bucky was healing and Tony was forcing them into proving themselves to him, god he felt stupid and selfish.
Soon enough, the avengers were formed, they had a rocky start but all went well enough, the battle against loki went down, things began to settle and Tony, while uncomfortable, made do with what he had.
Tony remained unconvinced, “Do you want a hamster?  Because I don’t do rodents, not even ones in little plastic balls--”
“Tony,” Steve asked, his fingers wandering over Tony’s belly, “aren’t you ready to climb out off of that chair?”
Tony was weeping, very quietly, into Rhodey’s shoulder.  He was 38 years old, no spouse, no children, and now no parents.  He didn’t even have a dog.  What he had instead were an undiagnosed case of PTSD, a foundering company, and the crippling weight of a family name that he now bore alone.
have the initials ‘S.S.’ That’s a branding problem if I’ve ever heard one.  You’re gonna have to stay Steve Rogers,” Tony was babbling, he knew.
“Jarvis,” he said, straight into the pillow, “I think I’m drunk.  Like, really drunk.  And I shouldn’t be this drunk.  Like, mathematically shouldn’t.”
“Hey, Mom,” he said, changing the subject, “I got a present for you.”
“Yeah, sure, good enough,” Howard set the transcript down on the table with unnecessary force.  He drew out a gold pen from his coat pocket, “Sure.  It’s good enough for some people,” he began to mark the paper, blacking something out, writing something else in.  He slid it back to Tony, “Good enough for, say, Anthony Edward Smith.  Is that your name, Anthony Edward Smith?”  At the top of the page, Howard had scratched out ‘Stark’ and written in ‘Smith’ instead.
“No,” Steve said finally, letting the phone fall back into his pocket, “sorry.  You need to stay until we work this out.”
“I just feel like I need to sleep in my own bed, Steve,” Tony said to the floor.
“In theory?  Frank Sinatra,” Bruce said, shaking his head, “In practice, though--”
Steve blinked at him across the long moment of silence that followed.  “You’re serious, aren’t you?”  He said finally, his voice inflected with gentle wonder.
“Okay, well,” Rhodey crossed the shop floor and set a hand on his shoulder, “you can watch me eat, anyway.  Come on, chatterbox.”
Steve pulled away from Tony’s hand, sinking to the floor, and now Tony felt as though he were slowly sinking, too.  Tony had fully intended to take Steve’s breath away, just in a crazy, sexy, taboo sort of way instead of a furious, horrified, hyperventilation sort of way.  If someone had told Tony five minutes ago that he would be dragged bodily into an elevator by Steve Rogers, he would have assumed all was going to plan.  In Tony’s experience, ninety-nine times out of one hundred, being dragged onto an elevator was the first stop along the road to getting laid.  But this . . . seemed to be shaping up to be one of those ‘one out of a hundred times’ instead.
“I’m glad you enjoyed it,” Steve smiled.
He reached up to shake Therese’s hand.
“A great beauty!” Thor declared, pulling him into a bathroom so Tony could look at himself in a mirror.  Tony ran a finger along the delicate point of his chin, the new pout of his lips, the silken arch of his eyebrow.  His features had transmogrified nicely into something not unlike Vivian Leigh: sharp, sly, and feline.  He felt his stomach flutter, full of happy butterflies: he couldn’t wait to see Steve.  He had a vision of Steve’s big hands around his tiny curve of waist, fingers spread wide across Tony’s soft skin.  Tony could almost feel Steve’s mouth pressed to his neck, and the imagined tickle of Steve’s beard made him shiver.
“You gonna cut me, Cap?” Tony grinned.
, Steve thought ruefully as Tony pulled him onto the bed, his fingers gripping Steve’s broad back, hungrily pulling him down on top of him.  Tony’s kisses had gone sloppy with desperation, open-mouthed and wet, the usual artistry abandoned in the face of his urgency.    Steve loved this, the rare moments when Tony’s ego unraveled, freeing him from the frenetic loop of his conscious thoughts.  Tonight, Steve was both surprised and pleased that Tony had worked his way free of himself; it had to mean at least some of the issues that had been eating Tony from the inside-out all evening had resolved themselves.  Still, Steve had always found it best to keep things moving along in these circumstances, to keep Tony’s body so continually occupied, his brain had no choice but to shut the hell up for a while.
“Go to bed, Tony,” Steve’s voice was brittle.
“Well, I can do better than ‘ish,’” and Steve eased out his fingers, replacing them with his dick, pushing in gently.  He could feel Tony’s quivering impatience, but he refused to be rushed, adding more lubricant, stopping to wait when Tony’s face momentarily clouded.  Tony was incredibly tight, just a shade on the right side of painful, and so slick and hot that Steve could feel beads of sweat gathering along his hairline.  As Steve pushed in the last inch, an ecstatic groan wrenched free from Tony’s throat, probably loud enough to wake the neighbors.
“Well--” Well?  Well,
“No, after dinner,” Steve said mildly, adding potatoes to his plate.
“Christ, Steve,” Tony snorted, “are you trying to make me feel like an asshole for bitching about dear old Howard? Mission accomplished.”
“It’s fine,” Steve’s arm came around his shoulders, his lips pressing lightly into the hair at Tony’s temple. “It was supposed to make you happy, Tony, and it doesn’t so . . . it’s fine,” Steve squeezed his shoulders; “Let’s have some cake.  It’s a poundcake, so no layers.  Hope you’re not too disappointed. ”
“Yeah,” Steve smiled at him absently over one shoulder, stirring something on the small gas range, “well, I’m wearing an apron.”
Even in the dim light, Tony could see Steve making a face.  Talking dirty was not Steve's forte and not something he particularly enjoyed, and, if Tony had been a better person, he would have let it go.  Sadly for Steve, he was not a better person.  “I can’t give you absolution if you won’t confess your sins,” he intoned gravely.  He gave Steve’s cock another quick, encouragingly suck, then added, “And by ‘absolution’ I mean ‘blow job, if that wasn’t perfectly clear.”
“To the priest, Steve, what did you say to the
Fuck.  Fuckity fuck fuck.  He was 96% sure she was a freshman, but that still made her at least 18.  Tony, for his part, was celebrating his sixteenth birthday . . .  in another three months.  If he told her his name, that was fucking
“And you, Captain America, cooked all that?”
didn’t smell wrong.  Tony smelled like Tony.
“So,” Tony grunted, the words falling between thrusts, “you gonna fuck me or what?”
“Your present blood alcohol concentration stands at 0.13%.”
“Hello, dear,” Maria said brightly, “isn’t this a nice surprise?” She cut her eyes at Tony as Howard bent to kiss her cheek, “We didn’t expect you until Wednesday.  Have you had dinner?  Should I ring for Sidney or--?”  She asked as Howard settled into a chair.
“Fine,” Tony answered, aiming for politely chipper and managing flat.  Nonchalantly, he took the napkin from his lap and dropped it halfway over his transcript.  Maybe Howard hadn’t--
“Yes, Captain.  The 67th floor suite is unoccupied.”
Then what?  Stupid stuff, flashes here and there: Rhodey’s bony knee alongside his as they sat on the pew.  The itch of Pepper’s wool skirt against the back of his hand.  The mirror-shine on Rhodey’s shoes.  Pepper staggering against him when her heel sank into the ground.  The smell of turned earth.  The sound of dirt as it hit the casket.
“Yes,” Steve agreed, “but I’m open to other suggestions.”
“Exactly.”
She squeezed his shoulder as she stood and went back into the house.  The pair of girls emerged five minutes later, clutching at each other and giggling.  The roommate, Tony noticed, was about one electric blue dress size smaller than Kimmy.
“Oh, yeah.  Big time.”  Tony felt a sympathetic hand on his shoulder.  He let his head flop sideways to momentarily rest his cheek against Rhodey’s knuckles.  “Rhodey, what kind of parent lets their kid go to college out-of-state when they’re fifteen?”
“You’re a good sport, Cap,” Tony said approvingly.
As for Steve, he would try to sleep off the urge to strangle Tony with his bare hands.
Tony jerked back to the present with a shock.  Steve’s hot mouth on his neck, the hand sliding across his chest, had come to a halt.  His erection had wilted to the point of non-existence. When had that happened exactly?  And now Steve was leaning over him with the saddest, most endearing expression on his face, one hand softly combing through Tony’s hair.
seen Tony on the dance floor—just from a distance.  There was no way in hell he was going down there, and Steve wasn’t a great dancer anyway.  Still, Tony seemed to be having a good time.
“Is there chlorophyll?” Tony asked appraisingly.
He, too, held up a banded finger.
Steve tried to interrupt, but Tony held up a hand, “Let me finish.  I don’t wanna drag it around either.  Which is why--drumroll, please--I’m taking
Something heavy dropped into Steve’s stomach, and, by the end of the bridge, Steve had made it to the bottom of the stairs and was pushing none-too-gently through the sea of party guests.
Steve sighed, “Yes, Jarvis, I guess you’d better.”
“Look at this, Howard,” Maria said proudly, holding up one of the film canisters, “
“No, I don’t.  Because I want you to stay here.”
His cheek burned for hours after the handprint had faded.  So much for smiling gods.  Tony decided he was switching back to liquor.
“Fine.  Because I
“Sides?”
There was a crash from below and the sound of breaking glass.  Bruce tensed, but Steve placed a steadying hand on his forearm.  “It’s alright.  Volstagg just smashed a glass,” Steve pointed to the group of roaring Asgardians.  “I should get a broom before someone steps on the pieces.”  But before Steve could make a move towards the stairs, a second glass, this one lobbed by Sif, exploded against the wall.
“Tony,” Steve said reasonably, “it’s late.  Why don’t you just stay?”
“Yes, yes, and no.  Yes, I am totally, 100% sure.  Yes, I am really, totally, 100% sure.  And, Steve, name recognition?  Seriously?  Captain America and Iron Man are getting married.  It’s going to be bigger than the royal wedding.  We’re going to be front-page news in every paper.  Everyone will still know who I am afterwards.  I mean, you still know Kate’s maiden name, right?”  Steve had an unhealthy love for the royal wedding.  Tony was pretty sure the PBS broadcast was still floating around the DVR.
was the word to describe the painting’s particular brand of the creeps.
*****************************************
Despite her reedy voice, the audience clearly loved her and pressed in close to the edge of the DJ’s platform.  Steve remembered crowd energy like this during the war, rowdy and aroused.  The servicemen had never given
“I don't negotiate with terrorists,” Tony snapped, brandishing his sneaker in Steve’s face.
“Oh, you’re earning mad points.  You know,” Tony sidled over, close enough that Steve could smell his aftershave, “you make a very strapping mountain man.”  He trailed a finger across Steve’s chest, hooking it under a suspender, “Maybe later I’ll let you log my wood.” He let the suspender snap back to Steve’s chest, “If you know what I mean.”
“Give a guy a break.  I haven’t gotten any--” he broke off with a little “mmphf,” then resumed, “--in two weeks.”
Steve took one more deep breath and held it while he turned the knob, creeping from the dark of the living room into the deeper dark of the bedroom.  He eased the door almost shut behind himself and walked gingerly towards the bed.  Tony was sleeping face down, as he usually did, despite his claim that it caused wrinkles.  The sheets were pulled all the way up over Tony’s shoulders, but the coverage did not allow Steve to fool himself for even a second that things were as they should be.  The shoulders were too narrow, the overall figure in the bed much too small.  Moving slowly, as if he were underwater, Steve sat onto the edge of the bed, right beside the sleeping figure.
