What a night. Everybody always wanted to know what brought the Hulk out when they talked to him about it afterward, and tonight's reasons... Well, it would have been more embarrassing if he wasn't planning on lying about it, but this was bad enough.
"I meant with the smashing stuff," the blond added, coming over to climb up onto Hulk's back. "Let's see if that shield is Hulk-proof!"
He paused, dusting his own hair, and frowned. "...I'm really curious how we wound up like this if I didn't drink, though. I don't remember taking my clothes off. They're probably washed away in the ocean by now." That was punctuated by a heavy sigh.
Tony laughed as casually as he could and gave Steve's arms one last pull to try and lift him up. When that did exactly nothing, he glanced around.
"You will all be well taken care of," Doom said, as if offended they might think otherwise. While staying in his DUNGEON.
Bruce put his arm around Loki again, draping the blonde's arm over his shoulders, and helped him climb the stairs again.
"SPIDEY! What the hell, dude? I've been waiting up here ALL. NIGHT. What were you doing in there? Inventing sliced cheese?!" Before Peter could respond, Deadpool threw his arms around him. "I was so cold!" He bawled dramatically.
“What if THAT Hawkeye was the fake, you ever think of that?” Clint snapped sarcastically, glaring daggers at Miss Marvel.
After all of his questions before, Doom was almost certainly going to say 'Thor'—or at least, that's what the prisoners thought.
"Man. Now I'm really confused." He heard a step as Hawkeye moved closer. "So, are you just hanging out in the hallway or what?"
Deadpool continued to watch him, not eating his own hotdog. His mask was almost eerie without the constant chattering.
"Oh, I plan to! Hulk, I need Bruce—I need his brain," Tony insisted, waving a hand at the Hulk for emphasis. "C'mon, Cap's your friend, right? You wanna help him?"
Bruce waved the bottle away, putting both palms on Clint's back behind his shoulders and smoothing what felt like quite a bit of sunscreen up onto his neck and over each shoulder. Clint was a lot more familiar with the Hulk's hands than Bruce's--that one time Hulk had grabbed him by the freaking face the day they met was particularly memorable--so the careful, light movements were pretty unexpected. It almost felt TOO careful, like Bruce was afraid of applying any pressure at all. He was pretty thorough, though, covering Clint's upper back, the tops of his shoulders, and the back and sides of his neck.
Since Clint was injured and Cap was guilt-ridden over Bruce being attacked by a bear, they’d gotten to skip taking watch by the lake in case of Loki attacks.
"At least I can't get sick," Bruce answered rather miserably. He paused. "You can, though...y-you better soak in the bath when we get back..."
"Just worried about Tony." He nodded slowly. "Look, maybe now's not the best time to go stomping around. You know, with the storm taking out the lights and everything." The small man gestured up at the ceiling. "You might step on someone."
Steve smiled back, admiring how curly Tony’s hair got when he didn’t gel it. Running his fingers through it, he sighed.
“See ya!” Turning, Peter dashed off to figure out how he was going to fit in the back seat with Hawkeye and Dr. Banner. He had a feeling the rest of the summer was going to be awesome.
“Whoa,” Clint mumbled, frowning. “Well, THAT'S depressing.” Tugging Bruce along again, he gave in and held his hand. Whatever. The guy didn’t have a problem with it yesterday.
"There it is. You should try their meatball sandwich, so good. Man, I don't know what to get now—everything sounds good." He grinned over at Bruce. They were both soaked.
“L-listen, we didn’t mean to crash your camping trip,” Peter said hurriedly before the Deadpool “Wolvie” commentary could commence. “You’re probably doing some big important team building exercise, so we’ll just go back to our own campsite and leave you to it!”
“Alright, jeez,” Clint said tiredly, crossing his arms. “We’re kinda in the middle of something, so…” He looked pointedly at Peter.
"I can't sit in there with everyone. It's...not relaxing, it's just a room full of noise." He looked into the glass of water he was holding like he'd just remembered he was holding it.
Wow. That was good stuff. The chocolate and the salt, with the nuts and the fruity bits. Chewy goodness.
"Hey Thor, any chance you can make a U-turn back here?" Hawkeye asked nicely, speaking into his card.
"Mr. Parker is not within my range, sir," Jarvis replied solemnly. "I believe he and Mr. Storm left the mansion awhile before the shield was put over it."
There were a lot of superheroes in New York that Cap could think of that might be a match for Peter’s wit and good nature.
"And she loved me riding her—" Deadpool began but was cut off by a hand tightening around his neck. "All...night..." He croaked.
"So, instead of taking on the Fantastic Four like usual, you decide that it'd be better to take on the Avengers? There's twice as many of us." He tried to get at least one hand loosened up while Doom's back was turned.
"Cool. It survived you Hulking out, so I'll buy you a meatball one." The hand patted his shoulder happily. "Come on, let's get everyone sorted out. I have to meet the new me." Clint started leading Bruce down the hall. "I sort of like the first other me. You said the new one's a jerk?" He sighed. "Why me?"
“YOU’VE had enough outta ME?” He laughed bitterly. “You’ve been on my case since we got here! I’m a grown ass man, I don’t need YOU telling me to eat breakfast!”
The last thing they needed to do was have a spat with the Hulk while Loki was camped across the water. It’d be just like Loki to try and make everything worse. Hopefully, if they left him alone—he’d stay on his side of the lake.
Hawkeye’s gaze dropped to the newspaper briefly, than he snorted, nudging the Hulk playfully in the arm.
"Hey, Bruce!" Clint hopped onto a smashed up car to be at Hulk height. "I'm sorry about the—you know. The whole...Um." He scratched his head. "Look, did it really make you that mad? Come on buddy—let's talk about this!"
"I've got nothing," Bruce replied honestly, sighing. "I'm too tired, I can't think anymore." Judging by the crazy amount of rain dumping on their heads all of a sudden, it was most likely normal thunder.
Bruce glanced at Hawkeye across the room, a bit surprised. He managed to hide it well, though, reaching for another piece of gauze and layering it over the first one. Pressing it in place again carefully, he looked up at Loki.
Wade paid happily, pausing long enough to spray the hotdogs with a zealous amount of ketchup, mayo, relish and mustard. He rolled them up, tucked them under his arm and then pulled Spider-Man against him, yelling, "TO THE STARS!"
Peter caught the frisbee easily, and in a matter of seconds it was clobbering Wade in the side of the head since he was looking over at Cap.
"But the hero LEFT the scene shortly after fire officials arrived. Have our protectors grown LAZY? Next, a man survives three days locked in a telephone booth after trying to change into his secret identity..."
“Oh, no, uh, Cap’s just a…f-friend,” he said awkwardly. ‘Friend’ wasn’t the right word for ‘like a father to me’, but if Loki thought he was Peter Parker, teen photographer from Queens, he couldn’t admit that Cap and Tony knew him that well.
Bruce took the half glass of water Loki hadn't drank with the pills and handed it to Steve. "Don't talk, and try to breathe slowly, okay? I'll check on the synthesizer in just a moment."
“Oh, well,” the woman mumbled, growing shy as she played with the tip of her braid. “He’s awfully handsome. Is he staying here long? I’d love to say hello. Oh!” She put a hand to her mouth, showing off long gold nails. “I’m sorry. I’m not trying to be creepy! My name’s Lola. You are?” She offered her hand to him, smiling.
“Wow, never thought we’d run into you all the way out here,” Clint commented, staring at Loki curiously.
Thor only looked at him oddly before stepping into the main entrance hall of the mansion. The place was gloomy and creepy with the low lighting flickering. The storm was much less severe now that Thor wasn't out there provoking it, though.
"Ah, so it's not something that I did, it's something he did. Great." Clint sighed, rubbing his head. He scooted to the edge of the bed, sliding his feet down to the floor. Landing  gracefully, he leaned on the table for support.
Seeing that distant, traumatized look of horror in Steve's eyes again, Tony decided it was best not to pry too much. Maybe Doom had force-fed him something during his stay and he'd rather say he hadn't eaten anything at all.
Glancing at Bruce, Clint wished he could be with him—it just wouldn’t work out. For all the reasons that Cap had and, more importantly, Bruce seemed pretty damn disinterested.
"It would be wise to accept my hospitality while I am still inclined to offer it," Doom said rather ominously, pushing the glass into his hands. "It is only fitting for nobility to reside within a castle—do not forget that Doom is the ruler of Latveria."
"In a minute it won't." To Hawkeye, he added, "Knowing Tony, he rigged something up. He's good at that."
“Unimportant since there’s no possibility one of us wasn’t a consenting adult when we got together,” Tony countered, sitting up. Good God, they must be bad at hiding this if the blind guy had already picked up on it, but that wasn’t as important as the actual point of this conversation. “So how about it? How does an adult with a professional job like you wind up having a ‘things went from there’ date with a seventeen-year-old kid still in high school?”
"Um. Possibly all of those things?" Peter followed him quickly, feeling like he was turning Cap and Tony's vacation into work. "I really should've thought this through better--I'm sorry, now you have to go to all this trouble..."
"Foolishness," Doom grumbled, stepping past him and swooshing his cloak out to the side with a toss of his hand. "To suffer is your choice, then. You are fortunate to have the hospitality of Doom—many others have never seen the inside of these walls."
“Cap’s worrying has been in overdrive lately. I think he’s finally done putting up with my crap. I mean jeez, who cares if I eat breakfast!”
"What—what happened to you?" He turned and wrung the vest out, slinging it around Bruce's shoulders. "I'm—I'm sorry. This was my fault, dammit."
“And we skipped the Quinjet why?” Clint asked for the third time. They’d barely started up the two mile hiking trail, backpacks and other gear in hand, before the archer began to bellyache.
“Hello Peter,” Cap said, rather glumly. The man managed a small smile, putting a hand on Peter’s shoulder as they headed toward the bonfire. “I was starting to wonder if you got lost at sea.”
“What a scary story!” Lola said, hugging herself as she leaned her head over to rest on Thor’s shoulder. “It shows you never really know who your friends are.”
Peter scanned the crowd, trying not to be distracted by the Spider Sense going all tingly in Loki’s general direction. He honestly couldn’t tell if that was real or perceived danger. Loki COULD be dangerous, but so far hadn’t really been during this trip. He’d even helped Peter save Hawkeye from the lake monster.
As the rain started falling more heavily, one drop landed on Bruce's nose and brought him out of his thoughts. Damn did he need to get some sleep. What was wrong with him?
Lightning flashed brilliantly above them, and for a split second Tony looked like a marble statue with his hands in Steve’s—pale and perfectly sculpted, the blue of the Arc reactor glowing so strongly that it countered the white light from above. The moment was gone as quickly as it came, though, and the air shook with the force of the thunder that followed.
“Clint and I agree that we need to somehow cut them off from the team and make them spend some time together alone," Bruce said seriously. "We're not sure where yet, but maybe you could help get them there."
Tony ran a hand through his hair, suddenly feeling a little queasy. How much tequila had Clint poured for him? He couldn't really remember.
"It's got to be Doctor Doom," Tony grumbled over the mic. "The signal's coming from Latveria, who else, right?"
"Yeah, who else right?" Torch sped off toward the mansion, alarming passersby on the ground as he wavered down to the street and then up over the building tops. It was definitely on purpose. "Hey, I heard you were teaming up with Deadpool. I thought you guys were rivals or something?"
“Get the hell out of the water!” Clint shouted, pulling an arrow from his back just before he plunged below the surface of the lake.
The suggestion was met with a storm of grumbling and muttering as Hawkeye spun and stomped to the back of the vehicle to yank open the back hatch.
Tony shot Cap a smile. Good call, Steve, he thought. With Clint along, Peter and Wade would have to behave themselves.
"Oh, that's...I'm fine," he replied, glancing at the Clint he was still leading along. He had been silent this whole walk.
"You ought to have at least thanked that nice young man for helping you up, Peter," Aunt May was saying disapprovingly. Oh, boy, if only she knew.
"If you both claim to be the real Hawkeye, how can you dislike the other? You are like twin brothers," Thor reasoned, gesturing to the Clint with the blanket around his shoulders. "But you are not children—share with one another."
Getting Peter to relax and stop worrying what the Avengers think could also help. Maybe seeing Bruce and Clint together would make him feel better?
“WADE! I’m Wade!” The man said quickly, still shaking Steve’s hand. “Sorry, short attention span.” He laughed nervously and finally let go of Cap’s hand, offering his hand to Tony next.
Looking around the shore, Steve was surprised that Bruce was no longer there. They’d been so caught up in talking to Thor that he’d somehow slipped by.
It’d be a great excuse for him to spend time with Bruce, but wasn’t that creepy when Bruce didn’t know? Maybe he should just come clean and get rejected now rather than later.
A moment later, Bruce was lying there on his stomach on the beaten-up floor, surrounded by the crumpled papers from his research and wearing nothing but a lot of dust. He groaned and put an arm over his head.
"Tony shouldn't be making you move around right now," Bruce said quietly, turning and leading him down the hallway again. Whoever this other Clint was, he was positive he had the real one walking beside him.
"It's nice," he said, and then grabbed Clint's arms as a wave did its best to wash them both off of their feet. "Sorry, sorry. Wow, I can't believe this."
"I actually came to check up on YOU guys," Peter replied cheerily, hopping up to perch on the edge of the table. He reached out and poked Clint's forehead with an index finger. "Not looking so hot, there."
Peter sat down immediately, clinging to his latte with both hands. He had no idea what to do with this situation. The best case scenario he’d imagined was distracting Loki long enough for Matt and Wade to get out of the camp and then web-slinging off into the trees as fast as possible. He prayed the Avengers didn’t see him over here having coffee and chilling with the super villain they were so worried about.
Watching Matt and Wade not getting along sucked, because he felt bad for both of them. Neither had exactly had it easy in the relationship department before starting to date him, from what little he had been able to find out about that.
The big green Avenger paused in crumpling a car up like an accordion and actually did turn to look at Hawkeye, snorting in annoyance.
“You’re m-making sauce?” Wade asked, gawking at Cap. “You can buy that, you know? Like, ready to go!”
"Cap, would you walk with me? I need to talk to you by yourself." He shot Peter an apologetic look. "Sorry, not for long, but please? I-I need some advice."
"Since needles won't go through your skin, we'll try some medication for pain. Hopefully that does affect you," he said, offering Loki the glass. "You'll need to sit up, I think."
“The Avengers wouldn’t break apart, come on.” After sputtering about the idea, Clint thought it over for a moment, then frowned at Bruce.
“I already ruined one good jacket,” Bruce muttered under his breath, shaking his head. He cleared his throat, adding more loudly, “I’ll be fine. Let’s go.”
“Yeah, wonders,” he managed, staring at Lola. With Thor standing next to her, their color combo was somehow familiar. Whatever it was, Clint didn’t want to think about it. That seemed suspiciously like non-vacation stuff. “Uh, I think Cap and Tony are playing frisbee. Would you go make sure they play nice or are you, uh, busy?”
“Someone say food?” Hawkeye asked, wandering out into the room. He was wearing a pair of purple pajama pants and a white shirt that simply read ‘dunno’ on the front in bold red letters.
Hank was too distracted whining about his bug stuff to look behind the couch in the first place, plus he had been there at the time when Cap told Clint to give the box to Bruce. Ant-Man would probably hand it over to Bruce, too.
"Not until we eat something—where's Thor?" The archer grumbled loudly, glancing at the door. Spotting Spidey, he waved a hand. "Oh, hey bug boy. Tony and Cap aren't here." He stated the last as if it was the only reason Peter ever would be seen inside the mansion.
“Oh,” Cap said, glancing at the sunscreen. Then he went back to the kitchen, snagging a root beer off of the counter.
"They are both Hawkeye," Thor said in bemusement, glancing between the two. "Could it be that he was somehow split into two?"
"Did the evil clone-maker clone an Avengers card along with me?" Peter replied skeptically. "C'mon, it's us—we were just here last night and Thor let us right in the front door."
Thank you so much for reading our fluffy meddling matchmaking domestic vacation fic! We're brainstorming for another Marvel fic already, so if you enjoyed this one, stay tuned. Comments and kudos make our day! ♥
Doom huffed indignantly and sat up straight, looming like a tower over Clint. The blond could see his eyes smoldering green in the dark sockets of the mask now, and his hands seemed to be igniting themselves as well. It was a good thing he'd let go of Clint's face when he sat up.
T’Challa was a complete mystery to Steve. If the King of Wakanda had feelings for anyone, he hid them very well. Though, he was very playful with Hawkeye. They shared some kind of banter not unlike Hawkeye and Hulk did.
Clint also noticed that Cap was blushing and averting his eyes. Of course, Tony was watching Cap, so he noticed immediately.
"Huh. Didn't think of that," he mumbled a bit sadly. He looked at the sandwich shop's door and then back at Bruce. "Oh, come on. It'll be open in like an hour! We'll just grab our sandwiches and head back—no one will even be awake yet!"
Bruce climbed off of the table, stepping over to look at the ‘new’ Hawkeye as well. His outfit was a little battered, he noticed, with tears and scuffs in places it had not had the last time he'd seen Hawkeye in the uniform.
Surprisingly, the shouting actually worked. The door clanked open loudly across the room, and Doom came walking in with his green cloak billowing behind him.
"I don't know, you came up to Cap and hugged him and you were talking about dads at the time," he explained, still very quietly. "Can, uh, can I talk to you away from the beach? It's about Cap and Tony. I'm worried about them."
“Tony, we need to be nice,” Steve told him quietly. “Peter said he likes this man. Wade. They’re in a very serious relationship, from the sound of it.”
“My, my, aren’t you two adorable?” A familiar voice teased. The tall Amazonian woman from the day before stopped in their view, smiling and holding onto her boyfriend’s arm.
“That’s Major Ursa, to you,” Clint mumbled to what he suspected would be a specter of Hulk wearing a sombrero, squinting open an eye. Man, he missed Hulk. Every day he spent around the giant was a fun one. They could shoot things, smash things, have eating contests…it was great.
Realizing he’d been sitting there spacing out and thinking nervously about coffee for who knew how long, Peter decided to lay off drinking any more caffeine for a bit. Hopefully Matt was off chasing Wade down and getting his cane back instead of watching this slow-motion train wreck of a pleasant conversation.
“I...” Clint started, freezing up. Gritting his teeth, he squared his shoulders. “I think you're too scared to show us who you really are.”
The article was accompanied by some sloppily zoomed and edited pictures, at convenient and suggestive angles.
Tony had to stop himself from rolling his eyes. Of course Steve wasn't talking about THEIR conversation not going well, that would be too direct and easy.
Literally. It wasn't Steve who had just walked in, it was Daredevil, sans mask but wearing his red super hero suit. Tony squinted at him as the redhead turned and started to carefully sort through one of the bags of clothes in the corner.
"Because, if I let you bring your bow, I have to let Hank bring his mini lab, and let Thor wear full body armor in bed like he does back home. The whole idea is that we won't have to fight anything while we're here!" He paused to sip again, then sighed and let his shoulders slump defeatedly. "So you're not having fun, either. Great, perfect. Peter's having the most fun so far, and he's the stowaway."
"You think? He acted like he saw us making out right in front of him." He paused, wanting to say more. To ask what things would be different if they really were together, what Steve thought was missing, here. Instead, he turned and pulled the bag of hamburger buns out of the cabinet, starting past Cap and down the kitchen hallway. "We...should probably get back out there."
He’d faced off with cross-dimensional aliens, crazy robots, Nazi-wannabes and super villains, all while cracking a joke and a smile.
"Hey me," Hawkeye said cheerfully, patting his twin's cheek. He seemed very concerned, but made an effort to hide it.
“Um…should we pretend to be dating? Might make everyone more open to the idea. Or would that be weird?” Clint mused, frowning to himself.
Thanking his false father for once, Loki swallowed, staring down at his side. He actually felt a little woozy again, but it was probably just from his heart imploding in terror.
"BY ODIN! Hawkeye has escaped somehow!" Clint was promptly crushed in a big bear hug. All of Thor's hugs were bear hugs.
As the blond was wriggling around in the tent, Matt arrived at the top of the hill, looking more than a bit pissed off.
Spider-Man slung a web up to the side of the nearest building and stuck to the wall, crawling sideways along rather than walking down there.
"And what do you think they'll do when their needles bend on his skin?" Bruce asked dully, frowning and readying some alcohol and a cotton swab. "Doctors experiment on abnormal people." He sounded like he knew from experience—a wearying amount of it.
"So you can melt their faces off with your robot laser eyes?" The other in the T-shirt grumbled, rolling his eyes.
He hadn't meant to destroy it, though. Bruce really loved fishing, and sooner or later he was probably going to be pissed once he found out Clint had taken it. And once Cap figured out Clint had never handed it back to him in the first place...
“Whoa, what’re you implying there, pal?” Clint asked--though he didn’t seem serious, judging by the smirk.
“We should give the shark a moment to clear off,” he commented uncertainly, squinting as another gust slammed into the two of them.
"Huh. I guess I could sketch some ideas out," he offered, like drawing designs on paper was a really particular and deliberate choice. For a guy who usually had access to computers with holographic screens, it really was. Tony was doing remarkably well at not complaining about missing his tech, too. He seemed determined to live like a normal person for the week.
Peter wanted to linger there and have coffee and muse over how both of these men wore dark scary-looking suits with pointy bits when fighting crime, but the responsible thing to do seemed to go and talk to Thor as quickly as possible. Leaving them to chat, he slipped away down the hall, only to realize he had no idea which room was Thor’s, either.
“It’s okay, I brought the web shooters I don’t have with me since this’s a vacation and we swore we weren’t gonna do any crime-fighting,” he whispered.
“Does Wade do that?” Cap asked, frowning and putting space between him and Tony. It’d be just like Deadpool to expose Peter to the public. A man like that had no respect for the secrets of others.
"Yup. All clear." Tony looked at him, studying his face thoughtfully. "So...how's the whole poison thing working out for you?"
"Sorta," Peter said, trying not to give away that he really wasn't expected here in the least. "The Avengers are on the move today—the Hulk trashed town TWICE, Iron Man was flying around earlier, and Thor just flew here now, so I'm checkin' in to see if they need a hand or anything."
Dropping a slice of butter on top, Steve criss-crossed syrup over the waffle and spooned a blob of whipped cream on it for good measure. Staring at it, he added blueberries and a strawberry. Now it was red, white and blue. Huh.
Turning to his friend, Cap’s determination faltered. Tony was within arms’ reach, his hands warm through Steve’s shirt and his eyes concerned over the silliness of Steve plunging into the stormy sea after a simple recipe card.
"Man, their meatballs are huge! And you can get them to add spaghetti too, in case you like carbs in your carbs."
They were almost to the room by the time Tony finally ventured, "So...how'd you find out Doom plays piano, anyway? Doesn't seem like something he'd mention offhand."
Both landed with a gruesome crunch on a newsstand. After a moment, Wolverine crawled out, dragging a limp Wade. He slung him onto the ground in front of him, folding out his claws again.
"Hey, the cards aren't working, but the shield's still up! We tried waving Carol down, but she's not around." Clint was talking fast, dropping the soaking wet captain onto the couch beside Loki. "I'm going back out there!" Without waiting, he spun back around and headed for the door. The agent was shaking again like he had been yesterday, but didn't seem to care if he got sick. The fool.
Honest conversations with Steve were easy when it was honesty about anything but the two of them. What was he even thinking, saying all of that to Steve outright? If he'd just stayed ambiguous about whether he might have feelings for Steve or not, the man probably wouldn't be able to tell one way or the other. Tony was pretty good at putting on the cool and collected facade.
"I could tell Steve I was wrong about you liking Tony, and that after we talked, I realized all of the over-the-top flirting was genuine," he offered, raising an eyebrow. "But then we have to go back  and explain all over again that it was a ruse later at some point." He sighed and tied the tank top loop he'd been holding onto into a knot over one hip so it stayed up without him holding onto it. "I don't like lying to Cap, even if we're trying to help him."
"I may not be a medical doctor, but I'm not that much of a hack either," Bruce mumbled. He gently felt around the wound again. "How's that?"
"What happened, they mess up his sandwich order?" Peter joked, swinging to a different building as the green behemoth went swinging at the first one.
Staring back at Tony, Steve couldn’t stop himself looking sad. Dark circles appeared around his feet on the beach as rain began to fall.
Hesitating, the archer gave Bruce a quick hug. It felt awkward and he instantly regretted it, considering how they had wound up there in the first place. Breaking away, he led Bruce back to the demigod, an arm around his friend for support.
“Well,” he ventured slowly. “We’re not near a bunch of computers or bad guys, so maybe they’ll work their issues out on their own.”
At first glance, the left seemed to be the right direction since it had more of those giant umbrellas. But the right had some, too.
"You might want to put some sunscreen on," Bruce laughed, starting after him. Wait, laughed. Laughed? Why did he seem so relaxed all of a sudden? Clint commenting on people thinking they were gay should probably have had the opposite effect.
Dropping the kayak, Steve hesitated to move around to lean it on the rocks, especially since it was right next to Tony. Slowly circling the kayak to hoist it up against the rocks, he frowned.
“I was on my way down the trail from that scenic overlook by Peter’s campsite,” he said quietly, “and I ran into a bear.”
"Jeez, you guys are so beat you don't even recognize a joke," Peter said worriedly, shaking his head. "Pepperoni and cheese. Maybe some olives, if we're feeling daring." He ducked back out to the main entrance hall to locate the phone.
“Cap, if Hawkeye grumbling about something was the criteria for it being a bad idea, everything would be a bad idea.” He shrugged and adjusted the shoulders of his backpack. “It’ll be a lot more relaxing once we’re there.” For the rest of team, anyway. He and Steve didn’t just have relaxation in the cards for this weekend getaway. In fact, the rest of the team didn’t know it yet, but the whole point of this vacation was to give the Avengers co-leaders a chance to break some very important news to each Avenger one-on-one.
"There are a lot of bugs in hot climates," Tony said, shrugging. "This's practically the tropics. But Hank does science every day--and listen, if I can leave my armor and business and high tech smart house for a week, he live without mapping bug genomes for that long! Am I wrong?"
"A-hem. Captain America and the other Hawkeye need us to go rescue them right now," Carol interrupted. "What if they're being tortured somewhere, or they're DEAD?"
Cap stayed at Tony’s side as they started walking, shielding the other man with an arm above his head. If only Steve had his actual shield. That worked much better against the rain.
Tony yawned, trailing his fingers through the clear lake water. He’d been expecting the water to be chilly, but it was very mild. The pleasant surprise wasn’t having much luck overriding the worries in his head, though. Thor had taken the news of the engagement in stride, and that was nice. He’d been the one Steve and Tony had worried about the least, though.
Sighing, Cap looked at the card in his hand. There had to be a way to track Tony. Jarvis might be able to.
"You did that in front of Bruce? I t-thought I could trust you to k-keep him calm, Clint, what were y-you thinking?" Captain America managed hoarsely. It sounded way less intimidating with all the wheezing, but Hawkeye still looked guiltily down at his feet.
Abruptly, Peter wished they WERE having steaks instead. He sighed heavily and gestured ahead of them.
"Hey beautiful." Wolverine examined it over, leaning in close to rub his finger over any imperfection in the paint. He turned and glared up at the merc. "I thought you said she had a bad tire, bub."
“I…” Cap mumbled, trailing off and shaking his head. “Let’s just focus on the task at hand. The sooner we get this done, the sooner we can get back to shore and keep those three from tangling up their friendship even worse.”
"Painkillers. That sounds nice." As if pain bothered him enough to warrant taking human-made pills. Where was his brother? "Hey." Loki sat up, holding his side—it actually DID hurt—and waving to Bruce. "I'm gonna go sleep this off."
Bruce seemed to notice the blood, too, because he moved over to press the gauze pieces over the wound again. With Loki laying on most of the couch, he had to lean half over him from down by his feet to do it.
She moved over toward the fence where she'd seen the red, cupping a hand near her face. "Hey Tony! Is that you?"
Sprawled out on his back on the sand, the archer watched the stars above him dizzily. It felt like if he didn’t sink his fingers into the sand, he’d drift off into space.
“Peter?” It was Cap. He was standing at the bottom of the steps that led up to the cabins, scanning the beach for him.
“Baby? Spider-Man already has a shitty image in Manhattan! Between you and that ninja nunchuck guy he’s gonna get demoted to super villain!”
Peter peeled the wrapping off of his hotdog, which was dripping condiments. The ketchup looked like blood with chunks of pickle—bleh. He did his best to scrape it off onto the wrapper and eat the hotdog instead.
“Hey, I need backup! Pete’s totally kicking my ass!” Wade shouted, sliding to a stop in a puff of sand right in front of Tony. He jabbed a finger at the billionaire. “How ‘bout it, pops? Uh, other pops?” The blond added, looking at Cap hopefully.
Peter and Wade were laughing again down the beach. It was like life had its own laugh track, Tony thought bitterly. Oh yeah, ha ha.
The Human Torch followed after him, extinguishing as he landed neatly on the front steps before he reached over to ring the doorbell.
Steve helped Tony into the kayak and then turned to wave to them. Both Matt and Clint both waved back immediately, pulling on fake smiles. Peter waved back with a bright smile, too, ignoring how the ice-cream cone was dripping onto his other hand.
Cap still didn't feel reassured that Tony would show back up, and sat watching the door expectantly. What was taking him so long?
"And Banner said you were hurt! Sure run fast." Cue a rather ominous rumble of a laugh, and then the heavy thunking sound of the Hulk's feet crunching up the rubble in the hallway. He was chasing after Loki, and rapidly gaining!
"I shouldn't have stabbed him. I sort of thought it would work, but I didn't think he'd bleed out. Geez." The blond stopped abruptly with a slam as he hit into something.
For a moment, it was just him and the rumbling storm overhead. The rain pelting the ground, the scent of wet sand, growling thunder and the hot, damp air around him.
Glancing after Wade, Peter quickly snapped his attention back to the super villain in front of him. He fidgeted with one of his purple sweatshirt’s sleeves, shrugging.
"I think Cap better be on the team opposite me, or that's just not fair," Peter said sheepishly, coming over to stand with Wade. He shot Cap a look that was way more apologetic than necessary for that suggestion, adding, "Uh, if you even wanna play with us."
"If you want." Clint gave a little nod. He made no effort to move though, keeping a firm hand on Bruce's shoulder.
Peter hurried after, sitting next to Cap since Tony still had Clint to keep him company. Bruce had stooped to grab a long stick from the pile of driftwood they were using for the fire and then headed off down the beach, using it like a walking stick. That left Cap pretty much alone on this side of the fire with Peter. Laughter echoed through the night as the volleyball game started up again.
"You think I haven't thought of that?" Tony rolled his eyes, turning to focus on the road fully again. "My whole armory can run remotely. And this might be tough to hear, but the world doesn't revolve around the Big Apple. For all we know the next world-ending attack is gonna crop up in, I don't know, Australia!"
Seeing the bright smile from Spidey had made Cap smile, too. Peter seemed to exaggerate his expressions a bit, probably from wearing a mask all the time.
"Let's see. Big rage monster in small dark room. Hm," Loki hummed. "Anyway, I wasn't running from him. I was worried about Thor." Loki looked around. "Where is he?"
As the sun had gone down, more people had begun to move around. There were even a few reporter types lingering by the mansion fence, eager for a chance to embarrass their heroes.
“Aye, ‘tis a piece of bandages, and before the rain they must have been even more soaked with blood,” Thor said, holding it up. “I fear someone is seriously wounded.”
Hanging up the call, he shoved the phone into the nearest pocket of his backpack and immediately started up the trail again without looking back. “Okay, it’s hikin’ time!”
Crawling off to one side, Loki laid on his back on the couch, holding his side. He WAS a lot heavier than the mortals there. About, say, three times heavier thanks to being from another world.
Well, 'dear' wasn't the word, but there was someone who came to mind for Cap that Thor just couldn't let be. It only surprised him that Doom hadn’t thought of it. Maybe it was because Loki was generally on Doom’s side? Did super villains try to capture each other?
This time, it was Loki's turn to take a quick step back. He shook his head, putting another few feet between them.
"CUPID HURT BANNER!" The Hulk was quite abruptly taking up the entire hallway, and entirely too close to Clint for comfort with all of that snarling he was doing. If the furious expression wasn't enough of a clue, the green Avenger also drove a huge fist through the nearest wall for emphasis.
As the shield flashed below them again, Tony caught a glimpse of what looked like Hawkeye and the Hulk—both attacking the shield.
Tony mustered up the best smartass grin he could in response—and him being Tony Stark, it would have been a pretty good one even if he had actually been on his deathbed.
The rain on the roof was loud at first, but now it felt like background noise, giving Hawkeye and Bruce their own space. They’d retreated from the weather into the cabin, only to hide away in their room. Everyone else was hanging around in the main room.
"Just how much did he bleed?" Tony paused in the middle of wrapping an arm around Steve's waist, noticing the bloodied bandages on Loki's side. "Didn't Bruce patch him up?"
"It will, brother, now that I have bound it. Is there anything that I may do to make you more at ease?"
"Oh, give the professional focus speech a rest!" Tony retorted, waving his root beer bottle indignantly. It sloshed a bit, but at the moment he didn't care. Steve thought HE was the one playing games? "This is a vacation--it's supposed to be a BREAK from being responsible for the fate of the world at large. As for you and me, forget it, forget I said anything--you clearly don't want to touch that topic with a ten foot pole. I'm not toying with you, but I guess a plain, cold, PROFESSIONAL working relationship is all you want us to have, so, fine. Done. Maybe now you'll be happy instead of moping around like a stick in the mud all week."
The teen knew who it was even before he glanced and saw the man's bushy black sideburns. He raised an eyebrow and smirked.
"Leggo—what, do I have to MACE ya?" Peter indulged himself with a few dramatic flails before just flat-out smacking Deadpool upside the head. "SERIOUSLY, knock it off."
"Yeah. The rain sucks," Clint mumbled sheepishly. "Look...look." He pulled Bruce's hand down and met his gaze. "Let's go home, sleep, warm up and then maybe we can...um...get sandwiches."
"...Hahaha..." Doom turned and placed the goblet on the dining table, sounding like he was smirking behind his mask. He crossed his arms and turned back to look Steve over. The shadow from his hood hung over his eyes, and Steve couldn't really see them beyond a bit of a green glimmer.
“Yeah, sounds good,” he said, staring out at the sea. Blowing out a breath, he slowly turned around to face Bruce. “Okay, here goes!”
"Oookay. I guess they have a different idea of reserving the entire resort for one group than I do. I'll worry about that later--now we REALLY don't need any other people seeing Spider-Man go into our cabin, so get inside and change already!"
"Tony said he had to get back to Captain America," he added, looking at the other Clint. "Where is he? Did he get hurt—is he in his room?"
Bruce led Loki over to sit on the exam table before heading over to inspect the machine. He seemed satisfied with it, going to the computer next.
Well THAT was reassuring. Spider-Man was about to comment, but then tilted his head the other way, looking around Wade and up to the sky.
Peter, who had just taken a giant bite of s'more, uneasily chewed as quick as he could so he didn't have to try talking around marshmallow fluff.
"...Forgot about those." The blond man sighed again, rubbing his forehead. It had been a long couple of days. First the debacle with Doom, then the two Hawkeyes, then the Hulk—and now this. The power being out was the last thing they needed.
“You were busy drinking with Clint, so yes he came to me. Why does it matter? I’m more concerned that Peter’s in what he makes out to be a very serious relationship.”
There the kitchen window, which opened and had a wide windowsill, looked out onto a pale wooden deck overlooking the sea with two knotted white roped hammock chairs that swayed gently in the ocean breeze.
“Yes, I know! Truly, I was beginning to think that no-one else would realize for this entire venture!” He said, grinning.
“I don’t suppose it was Clint?” Deciding that the waffles were just going to dissolve at that point, Cap picked up the waffle sandwich and took a big bite. It was as good as he had expected. Too bad Peter ran off without breakfast.
"I honestly don't know," Tony admitted. "I mean, maybe he was just with Steve at the time and got swept up, but...with the way Doom operates, if he doesn't see somebody as necessary he'll probably either kill them or just leave 'em behind. Unless...hmm."
“No. I know I’d hate to have everyone think we’re an item when we certainly aren’t,” he said tiredly, going back to the burgers.
"Deep breath, Bruce. I need your help." Captain America gave him a firm nod. "Jarvis t-told us that Miss Potts is outside for some...reason. It doesn't m-make any sense. I'm on my way to check on her...but I might need back up."
Unless they made some at home, he almost added, then hurriedly wiped that last thought from his memory as best he could. No. No, no, he was determined to keep telling himself that Clint was just talking about FOOD...
"He's coming back on his own?" Tony sounded surprised. "Alrighty then...I'll clear a path for him. Hey, is Hawkeye with him?"
They argued more than they talked, and they were like night and day when it came to technology. How could Tony have a conversation with him when Steve barely had a grasp on modern tech?
The blond Avenger tried to relax to help him breathe better, but he couldn't help staring. Doom played surprisingly well, especially for somebody in metal gauntlets. Steve closed his eyes, listening to the music. He hadn't slept in almost 48 hours and it was very tempting to just doze off right there.
Bruce sighed and tried propping his head up on one hand. Ouch. Right, he'd forgotten about all of the little scuffs and scratches from the underbrush before.
Wade let go of Peter and even offered him a hand up before darting into the kitchen. He slid on the tile, catching himself on the counter to stop beside Cap.
Peter had never seen Thor dressed so casually. The big blond was wearing jeans, actual jeans, and a red plaid flannel shirt the same shade as his usual cape. Catching the direction the others were looking, Thor looked up, too. “The man of spiders!”
Starting back down the trail, Clint only made it a few feet before Wade caught his arm and hauled him to the side of the path.
"Well, you certainly can't. Thor's already missing—I'm worried Doom took him. I doubt Doom would come after Miss Potts again, but we can't risk it." He coughed every other word, but was determined to talk anyway. Leaning back against the door, he caught his breath, wheezing.
Tony heard footsteps behind him as Loki slid off of the bed. He leaned on his brother's shoulder as he passed by to Tony's side.
“Er, it can cause stomach aches for most people. We should wait a half hour,” Steve explained, wishing with all his heart that he could just step in and kiss Tony whenever he wanted to without alarming everyone.
“Well you two sure seem to be starting the day off happy,” Tony remarked, studying Peter’s face with a small frown. “What’s going on?”
"Yeah, well, y'know," Peter managed to reply, realizing Cap had commented on his own dating. Or lack thereof. "There's a lot of crime, and...gotta be responsible and stuff." He cleared his throat nervously and lowered his voice. "Hey, you think Tony's, uh, troubles are anything we could maybe help with?"
“Before you go,” Matt cut in quickly, stepping around Peter, “you said you’d give Wade a good talking to about responsibility.”
“I do.” Clint rolled, instantly regretting it as his injured ribs throbbed. Coughing from the pain, he scooted over to sit beside Bruce.
It was weird hearing Wade NOT annoyed to be mistaken for Spider-Man for once, but Peter felt kind of warm and fuzzy at the story. Aww, missing him was making Wade try to help people?
"You were given the word of Doom," the masked man replied, as if that explained everything. He stirred the beaker and held it up to the light of the chandelier to examine it.
"He's asleep," Bruce confirmed, running a hand through his hair. "And it doesn't really matter if it's unbalanced, because we made a deal. Hulk knows I keep my promises, and it's why HE keeps his promises." He smiled unhappily. "He's got more of a life than I do, anyway. Look, I don't know what to do with myself after two days without changing into him. I've been on the run so long, it's not like I have any family or...well, I-I'd say the Avengers are my friends, but they don't get to talk to me much, do they? You know me better than anybody else here. So, it's fine. This is just how it is."
As they drew closer to the shore, the water seemed to be getting darker. A huge shadow passed below them slowly, long neck extended in front of it.
Bruce was looking more and more uncomfortable with the way they were acting, but relented and sat in the chair they kept waving him toward. Clint thought maybe his eyes had the tiniest bit of a green glint. Aw, great. This oh-so-important chat was probably just a lecture about bears and sleeping out on boulders away from camp. Nothing to freak out about.
"Don't worry ma'am!" Deadpool chimed in. "I've got him!" Keeping his back to Aunt May, Wade pulled Peter to his feet, dusting him off all over. Heavy footsteps suddenly came from behind them.
“Eh,” was the only response from Clint as he took the gauze. Pressing it into the messy cut, he nodded to Peter. “Just tie something around it.”
"Sure, why not?" Tony looked amused by the kid's enthusiasm. Peter grinned and took off, forgetting about his plate of waffles.
"Well, I don't mind warm rain like this, but we'd better get inside so we don't get hit by lightning," Peter suggested quickly, hurrying over to help Wade to his feet. "You okay?"
"I think you don't know," Clint retorted, turning to glare at him. "You can't tell—so you like us BOTH."
They both had a sense of humor and were inventor types, it made sense they might have a lot to talk about.
"Probably not a good idea to send everybody else out in kayaks in this weather anyway," Tony said, frowning down into the water just off the sand bar. No sign of the shark now. "It blew in so fast, maybe if we wait a few minutes it'll blow right by us. Or hey, maybe Thor'll notice and fix us up with some nice weather."
"But what about the big force field thingy? I smacked right into it a minute ago, so I know it's still there!" Johnny rubbed his head and held a hand out to Peter. "Gimme your card."
“Oh yeah! I forgot to tell you guys! Birdman and the skinny guy went back to keep watch. In case Cap and Tony make it back to shore.” Wade explained, stuffing his fingers between Matt’s to hold his hand.
The cave was natural and looked like it had been smoothed by the flow of water. Clint guessed that in the rainy seasons, it probably worked as a natural drainage pipe down to the lake.
Lifting his left arm up, Clint groaned. The back of his arm was smeared with blood, as was the side of his shirt.
The scientist, surprisingly, managed to react in time to throw his arms around Loki rather than just getting squished by him. He did end up falling back against the couch seat, though, with Loki practically sitting on his lap.
As surreal as thinking about dating. It felt unrealistic and more like a caricature of reality than an actual possibility. His new life didn’t leave enough space for him to go out into the world and meet people other than the Avengers.
“I’m not sure friend is the right word, but yes. We associate. Mostly in masks. But why shouldn’t I get excited? The rumors about Captain America and Iron Man are famous. I never would have believed them myself. Seemed way too obvious.”
And up was right. The guy was ripped and tall. The man stared down at him, blue eyes wide and just a little crazy. Ooh boy. Clint had gone through the villains database a couple of times at the mansion and he didn’t remember seeing this guy’s face. He would have remembered him.
“It’s been about a year, I think.” Daredevil’s head tipped as he pull a t-shirt out of one of the bags. He stood up and faced Steve, sighing. “You two planned this, didn’t you?”
“Here,” Bruce added, picking out some pills and offering them to him. “While those sink in, maybe I can just clean up the blood a little. Carefully.”
"Hey Tony," Clint interrupted. "Have you seen another me wandering around in here?" He glanced off into the dark corners of the room. "You know, looks like me, but more evil."
"You really shouldn't be on your feet right now. Why isn't Tony with you?" He gestured to the lights overhead. "The power's back on, sort of."
Loki glanced over at Bruce and then back to Hawkeye. Dodging back, Loki snapped a hand out to hold the bow—but not before it fired. The arrow missed, sinking into the floor and spitting crackles of electricity out from it.
The place looked like a haunted house, weak light falling in through the windows. The lightning flashed and lit the room occasionally, too. Hulk placed Loki carefully onto the couch and shook a finger at him.
Bruce wished he could go back to half-asleep. Instead, thanks to Clint being RIGHT THERE, he was overly aware of how close he was to the blond, and too focused on keeping tabs on his pulse to let himself drift off. Maybe once the others were distracted by food he could sneak off to his room.
"Thanks," Peter said, brightening as he took the bottle. He glanced back into the cabin to try and locate Tony. A blue glue from waaaay back in the corner told him either Tony was changing shirts, or more likely he was on his phone while he thought nobody was watching. Satisfied he wasn't paying attention to them, Peter lowered his voice and popped the cap off of the root beer. "I don't think what he does with the models is 'dating', exactly, Cap."
"We've got a whole bunch of flags for people to pick up, but first somebody has to go out there and set them in place," he continued, trying not to sound like he'd rehearsed this. "Since you guys are the team leaders, I figured maybe you could do it and mark down the locations on the map along the way." He directed both of them with a hopeful look. Cap had completely buckled under the gaze of the sad puppy eyes earlier, but Tony was the more cynical and suspicious of the two, usually.
"Yeah. I never come around here because you know...that'd be awkward." The man rubbed his head for a second before laying a wet arm around Pepper's shoulders. He led her back toward the mansion.
"So you can off me? Great," the Jotun muttered, willing himself into standing up. As much as he didn’t want to, he slung an arm over Hawkeye's shoulder for support. Maybe he could get rid of his wretched original and finally make something fun happen.
Thor hugged everyone, but he just seemed to be friendly. He hugged Janet as much as anyone else. As far as Steve understood, Hawkeye had been in a relationship with Black Widow, so he probably wasn’t queer either.
"Oh, my god," Spider-Man groaned, swinging from the fire escape to stick to the side of the skyscraper he was climbing. "You're STILL here?"
He coughed lightly and dug around for the first aid kit, making small talk to distract from the situation at hand. "Let's run a few tests, make sure you're not melting from the inside-out or something, and then I'll get Jarvis to synthesize a cure for the gas."
"Not with that attitude," he mumbled. He was positive that there was more going on with these two. Cap seemed sad that they 'would never be' a couple, and Tony had completely avoided even showing a reaction when he'd heard 'we certainly aren't an item', sooo...what was their deal?
"Miss Potts!" He called off into the storm. His only answer was a rumble of thunder from nearby. The wind had grown stronger too, almost knocking him over with every gust.
"When Tony g-gets home, please t-tell him to come see me." Cap said, carefully hopping down off of the medical table. Or at least, he tried to. He landed on his feet, toppled back against the bed and barely managed to catch himself. Wobbling out the door, he waved back to Bruce.
Wade surfaced, coughing and sputtering as he swam toward the shore. Matt’s glasses were nowhere to be seen.
The two archers went along willingly. Both seemed so real to Bruce. Other than their clothing and the scrapes, they were twins.
With a firm nod, Steve turned to find a needle. Hawkeye pointed the small needle case out for him, and he returned to Tony’s bedside shortly with a syringe at the ready.
“Alright, let me clear that up then—it’s none of your damn business.” No, technically, they weren’t together. So he had nothing to hide. Team leader or not, Cap wasn’t allowed to tell him who he could or couldn’t date, though.
Without further comment, Daredevil ducked out of the room and shut the door behind him. Cap paced to the door and then faced Tony again.
"I second that," the pajama Clint said, raising a hand in the doorway to the giant Hulk-resistant cell.
“Kid, your ice-cream’s melting!” Clint grumbled, stepping up next to Peter to shove a big ice-cream cone at him. They had found a stand on their way back across the beach and, even after buying ice-cream sandwiches at the beach mart, Hawkeye had stopped to get the group cones.
"I can still chop him up." Wolverine grinned, pulling one of Deadpool's arms up into the air. A group of highschool girls ran screaming the other way, and the stocky man looked up at them.
Doom had been surprisingly civil, for a super villian who abducted his team and locked them in a dungeon for no apparent reason. Well, for an Arc reactor, but that seemed dense for somebody like Doom. There had to be easier ways to get ransom...unless. Hmm. Maybe Doom knew how fond Tony was of Steve.
“I noticed a sandcastle on the beach. Are you thinking something like that?” He asked Clint in reply, covering another yawn.
"Yeah. I had to come up with something new." Hawkeye shrugged a shoulder, poking the needle against his double's shoulder. It bent.
The pizza box caught Clint's eye but then he looked at his hand. He didn't get up, just sitting there crossed legged to stare at the tracking bracelet. It was what was beeping. He rotated it on his hand, looking for a button.
"If you say so. I gotta run—bye, Deadpool." He turned and hopped off the edge of the roof, swinging back down toward his room. If the power outage was large, school actually might be canceled, but he wasn't about to suggest that possibility to Deadpool.
Laughing nervously, Peter ran a hand through his wet hair and leaned to peek around T’challa into the cabin. “Is Thor here? The weather’s going berserk.”
"Hmph...what papers?" The Hulk snorted one more time, then planted both fists on the floor and began to rapidly shrink back down to Bruce's size, closing his eyes as his green skin faded to gray and then began to turn a more peachy shade again.
“Just a plain stinkin’ onion. You aren’t nothing.” He held the onion up, looking it in the ‘eye’ before whispering to it creepily. “I’m gonna peel you like Logan.”
"By not splitting up constantly," Bruce mumbled, shaking his head. He stepped over and leaned to check on Clint. "Morphine still hanging in there?"
"He didn't have to gas me," Pepper mumbled, coughing slightly again. "I-I don't even have any superpowers."
On the other side of the card's audio, they could hear Thor talking to Tony—amazingly, not loud enough to hear what he was saying.
The man gave a gasp of both pain and surprise, and did indeed let go of the wheel to try and pry Cap's hand off of him. With no control of the wheel, the car jerked and hit one side of the tunnel so hard that it bounced toward the other, crashing back and forth.
"Nope." Clint shook his head. "Everybody ran like hell and the Hulk didn't chase 'em. It was sort of surreal." He reached out to pat Bruce's shoulder, then stopped himself. "Uh, sorry about all this. You know. The stuff under the vest." He glanced down at the vest around Bruce's waist. "N-not that stuff! The stuff I said in front of the sandwich place—look, I didn't mean it. I…was bored," he lied.
"Not sure, this stuff was made with Cap in mind," Tony frowned, pressing a bit harder on the syringe.
“Hey, do you know a Peter? Super hot? 18? Very flexible?” He heard the tall blond guy ask, excited. “I put a tracking device in his hot dog and this is where it said it was, so here I am!”
"My job is all about thinking," Bruce pointed out, looking at him sidelong. "When I'm not working, sometimes I just want to do something mindless." He glanced at the sandwich shop to check if it was open yet. It wasn't.
“Bru-- Clint-- …WHAT?” Cap half shouted, stopping ankle deep in the water. “They can’t do that! The Hulk is tied to Bruce’s pulse—I’ll talk to them tomorrow.” He shook his head and followed after Tony, pressing a warm hand against the billionaire’s back to support him. “I don’t know. Something about the way Peter was being so secretive made me nervous. I try not to judge too quickly, but…what if it’s a villain? Oh God, what if it’s mind control?”
"I-I need to talk to Thor. I have to tell him something." Loki slowed his pace, pressing a hand to his hand. Oh, he felt so strange.
“I think you mean that I get you all to myself. No workshops, or press conferences. Just you, me, and a king-sized bed,” he whispered, kissing Tony’s ear.
“Right,” he said, fidgeting. “So, how long are you guys camping here for? It’s a weekend thing for us.”
"I'm starting to think that whole 'help, my building's on fire' thing was a setup," Clint grouched, stretching to reach the control panel the man had been typing on.
The storm was just as bad as before they went inside and he was really starting to wonder if Thor was responsible for it. Thor was the kind of guy to go easy on his friends first, then crank up the difficulty when he knew they could take it. Maybe Bruce was right and Thor assumed Captain America and Iron Man could handle bad weather.
Captain America followed them, scotch glass in hand. Doom probably would have used some kind of mechanical 'virus.' Nanobots or something science-y like that. But if Tony didn't understand it, it must be an actual virus. T'Challa wasn't supposed to be home for days, so he crossed his fingers that the two brilliant men in front of him could figure it out.
Bruce had collapsed to the floor promptly upon being zapped. The drug in his system ought to have kept the Hulk at bay, prevented his pulse from quickening, but electricity could start or stop a heart entirely...
Thor stopped Mjolnir from spinning abruptly, catching the handle in his hand. Standing up straighter, he turned concerned blue eyes on Steve.
Without comment, the Ice Giant slid his hand under Tony's—it was surprisingly cold. Then, with a more than slightly evil grin, the demigod's hand pulsated with energy. It sent a shock through the billionaire's entire body. The usual soft hum of the reactor gave way to an alarming whine. Tony’s vision had started to turn green when finally it stopped.
Calm. Sure. Bruce drew a deep breath, then reached over and unwrapped the blankets around the archer's legs.
The last time he felt so hopelessly lost had been when he was captured by the Skrull. Locked in a tiny cell, he never let himself give in to the thought that he may never get to see Tony again. That kind of thought cut into him like a knife.
“I think I hit something.” Dr. Banner’s troubled voice came from below them, very close as well. Peering down at the ground, Peter saw his brown hair and Clint’s blond, both from the top. There was a small bit of red on the ground at Bruce’s feet. He gestured to it, adding, “Whatever it is, it’s injured.”
Tony crossed his arms. “Wow, really? We’re gonna have the responsibility talk right now?” He nodded pointedly at Matt and Wade, thinking Matt was none the wiser. Wade probably wouldn’t even notice—the dude was on his own wavelength.
“Yes, but usually you get patched up and then lay around at home eating junk food until the wound won’t reopen when you draw your bow,” Bruce replied, dabbing carefully at the bloody edges of the injury. His eyes were a softer color now, their true brown with just a thin ring of green around the edges. It was kind of eerie with how still he was sitting. “…Who says I’m part of the team, anyway?”
“Nap spots,” Clint told him, pretending like it was the most obvious answer. Inwardly, he was trying to repress the flushing his face was trying to do. He wasn’t going to be some red-faced idiot. Hawkeye would be his naturally charming self and see how far that got him when he pointed it at Bruce.
“Of course! I shall go quell the fury, or placate it a little at the least,” Thor declared, turning to Lola with a big smile. “I will return momentarily, my love.” He didn’t seem bothered in the least about Lola paying any attention to Matt. Peter figured if he was a demigod who looked like Thor did, his confidence would be pretty unshakable too.
"That's what YOU said," Bruce said uncertainly, following a step behind him and frowning a little. Maybe that's what Clint had said. Then again, maybe "sandwiches" meant something else entirely in spy lingo. Actually, "sandwiches" could mean something else entirely for anybody with a good imagination...
Ugh, Clint thought, shuddering as he followed after him. The cutesy teenage lover shtick was getting old fast.
"I'm not sure what to do besides try to get them to talk to each other," Peter confessed, glancing over at the redhead. "Matt will hear if Cap's awake, though, so don't worry about that part. What do you guys wanna do, exactly?"
“Oh, yeah. Yeah, of course,” Clint said quickly, trying to regain his composure. Laying down on his back, he gave Bruce a dubious look. “I think I know who Thor is talking about, though. Is he a tall troublemaker from ‘out of town?’”
“Us,” he breathed, unsure if Tony could hear him or not. Never in his life had Captain America had trouble thinking of what to say in an important moment.
"Noooo, not happening. I don't exactly hand the thing out, okay? Tell ya what, though—I'll go there with you and ask them to let you in."
Outside, there came a deafening crack of thunder. The rain suddenly quieted a great deal, and the wind died down to practically nothing.
“I don’t think that will be an issue. They’ll be too distracting plotting how to get rid of you-know-who,” Clint muttered to him, nodding in Wade’s direction. “I don’t know anything about Daredevil. The guy’s a recluse. Is he like Deadpool?”
Watching the steam puffing out of the sides of the waffle maker, the blond frowned. His plans to give Clint a good talking to had changed to giving both him and BRUCE a talking to. Playing with Bruce’s heart rate was very dangerous. If the scientist and Clint were together, and Bruce hurt him, he’d never forgive himself.
"Easy—careful." Tony hurried to support him, keeping hold of one hand and bracing his other hand on Steve's shoulder.
“In this weather?” Thor chuckled. “I suppose frozen things DO bother you very little…” He stuck out his hand and Mjolnir flew to it easily. Shouldering it like an ax, the Asgardian shot Loki a smile and was silent for a moment. “If you are truly here just to vacation, as we are, then this would be the first day in a long while that we met and were not enemies. As always, I hold out hope that it could be true.”
We'll be posting one chapter per week on Tuesdays for this fic, and you can expect at least 10 chapters and 40,000 words before all is said and done. Without further ado, please enjoy some domestic Avengers shenanigans. Comments and kudos are always appreciated! ♥
The Hulk snorted, slamming a fist into the floor hard enough to send bits of tile flying into the air.
"Hey, look out!" Spider-Man shouted, pointing behind Clint—shooting a web out behind him. The Hulk got pelted with some short web projectiles as he was making his way over to Clint, and roared angrily in response.
Bruce wasn't sure this would go very well—him and Clint alone in the same room last time had equaled the Hulk—but he knew he couldn't stay standing around in the kitchen forever. For some reason, returning to the living room and sitting close by Clint's side on the couch just seemed unbearable. At least if he fell asleep in his own room, people were less likely to trip over him, or startle him, or do anything else that made somebody's pulse pound.
"Anything but more s'mores," Tony grumbled. "You better stop eating those or you're gonna turn into one."
"Chop it up really small so it'll mix in," he told Wade, trying not to peek behind him. Was Tony all teary-eyed yet? This was about the only place on earth where he wouldn't have some welding goggles or something on hand.
"Um. Thanks." Cap took the glass and sipped it, swallowing with a grimace. "Are both H-Hawkeyes human?"
Aww, Wade thought he made the best s’mores? A split second later, the rest of the information sank in.
"In your present state, it's very fortunate that I can navigate for you if necessary, sir," the computer replied dryly. Pieces of red and gold armor were already flying at Tony from across the room. Thor wisely took a step back.
"You're a smart man. I could waste hours of my time convincing you that I'm betraying the Avengers—but I just don't feel like sitting through all of that right now." He hopped down off of the table, looking at Doom with a smile.
“Hey, babes, why don’t we go back to the fun tent and go mano a mano, if y’know what I mean!” Wade stood and tossed the book over his shoulder—which hit Clint square in the chest.
In response, a hatch opened in the top of the cell and a black T-shirt fell down onto his face. The hatch promptly shut again.
"You wanna jump right to Hulk level with this? Okay," Tony said, shrugging as Thor sat back from the hug. Steve's fiance turned and started toward the lake shore—then froze in his tracks. "Uh, Cap?"
"Are you sure Tony isn't your type? He's got dark hair, brown...well, sort of topaz amber-ish...eyes, you're paying attention to who he might be interested in, and he's WAY smarter than you," he pointed out.
"I dunno Thor, you know what they say about babies born out of wedlock." Clint leaned over to stare at Thor face to face. "They have no souls."
Why in the world would he WANT Peter to like this guy? Wade and Peter seemed to go together strangely well. Both of them seemed to follow Matt's lead on things, though. Why? Why was this guy so important to either of them?
Tucking the phone into the pocket of his imaginary business suit, Loki sat back in his chair and watched the other cafe goers.
He'd get to the bottom of it, he swore. Maybe knowing Peter was dating a guy would make them more comfortable telling him if they were together, right? Right. Maybe he didn't know what he was talking about, and they were just friends. Friends who got jealous when the other walked on the beach with Dr. Banner, or got hugged by drunk Hawkeye. Yeah.
"That's cute," he said, glancing at Cap to see if he also approved. Tony was wearing big dark shades this morning, and Peter suspected he had a hangover. Being out on a sunny beach just to make sandcastles was pretty nice of him, considering that. Why was he still drinking, though? At least, Peter was pretty sure that red drink was a Bloody Mary. Smelled like tomatoes.
Staring from the newspaper to Tony, Cap couldn’t help frowning harder. Pushing away the embarrassing idea, he focused on Tony’s face instead, at the amber colored eyes and the eye bags below them. Hopefully Tony hadn’t been losing sleep over this…
"Sometimes I love that guy." Hawkeye said through a smile, opening the door to his door. The room was very plain inside, with a large workbench on one side. The work bench was covered in arrow heads, weird bits of tech and oil. But the thing that caught Bruce’s attention was the comfy looking bed that took up most of the room.
Peter cringed, about to shush him. Before he could even get out a ‘shhh’, he heard Tony calling from the clearing.
The screen changed away from the pretty woman suddenly, showing the mansion gate. Tony was on the inside, leaning to kiss a black haired man on the outside. It was Loki!
Bruce turned and looked up at Hawkeye, too worn out to even muster shock at the mess his research papers had become. The Hulk hadn't been the point? Then, that meant...
“Yes?” Came a female voice. Whether it belonged to Jan or to Lola, he wasn’t sure. The rain was thundering on the roof, even in here. He could barely make out footsteps approaching the door, but it didn’t open.
Considering that they were in the middle of freaking nowhere, Clint knew there was nobody else who would throw trees around. Loki, maybe, but he’d heard the Hulk stomping around up the hill too.
“What’re you going to do? Shoot their boat?” Matt asked dubiously, sitting his sandwich aside to actually give Wade a hug. It caught the blond off guard.
Almost unconsciously, Bruce took a step back from the table. He was moving toward the door, so it didn't look THAT out of place. He'd been awake for what felt like days, too; he could claim to be tired, but he figured Clint knew as well as he did that the Hulk never really got tired.
"Sorry dude." Torch hovered over next to him. "I was lookin' for you! Everybody's gone!" The usually upbeat blond actually looked freaked out.
“We’re in the slowest, quietest, most boring beautiful nature setting we could find,” Tony grumbled. “How did everybody end up so stressed out?”
“He’s gonna be on guard now that we ran into him,” Tony mused, shoving the sweatshirt over his head and sticking his arms into the sleeves. Pulling it down definitely made him look warmer, but the Arc reactor glowed strongly through the chest of it still. “If I text Jarvis to send me a suit, he’ll see that flying in for sure. Maybe if we just walk in around the side along the lake in the trees, though.”
"Yes. He rigged a taxi to capture Barton and I. I hope he's alright, wherever he is." Steve gave up on the shackles and scanned the room over again. "Are you hurt?"
He brushed back past Tony and dropped to his knees in the sand to start working on the castle again.
Okay, that wasn't really fair. Looking out for Peter WAS important, more important than their ongoing failure to communicate. It was kind of petty to even think about his own personal life right now, really, but how could he look at Cap and not think of it at all?
“D loop’s that way,” Tony said pointedly, gesturing for the guy to turn around and go back where he’d come from. He definitely sounded a little more irritated, even compared to how irritated he’d been about Loki before. “Cap, if we don’t hurry Thor’s gonna beat us back to camp, here.”
"So Dr. Banner gets to bring along HIS hobby supplies," Hank said flatly, reminding them all that he was still there. He scooped up his suitcases again and sighed. "Jan wouldn't even let me bring a microscope, and those have been around for centuries, they qualify as 'low-tech'..." Still muttering, he trudged off to his cabin with the suitcases, shoulders slumped.
That definitely got Bruce to look at him with caution. Did he really believe the other Clint was the real one so much? Or maybe he had some extra affection for that other Clint, so he didn't want this to be the real one...
"I thought I'd start a bonfire on the beach," Bruce explained, stepping out and then waiting for Clint to follow him. "The beach at night is nice--most other people will go away until morning, and it'll be quiet. Maybe we could scout for a good bonfire spot while we're outside."
"You know, the more people here who know I'm outside the better. Is there some special reason we're sneaking?"
"No lasting damage has been done to any of them," Doom rephrased. Crossing his arms, he added pointedly, "Be grateful they are ALIVE after staying in Castle DOOM."
The blond stared at him, confused. "I was j-just..." He nodded to Tony's chest, continuing to stare at the brown eyed man. Was Tony dying or something? What if it was worse than he let on?
"It's a city," he informed Wade, swinging them toward Stark tower. At least, he assumed Wade had meant Stark tower. There weren't many other towers in town.
"I can't go anywhere with you," Peter informed Deadpool in a rather urgent whisper. "Aunt May'll worry if I just take off! I'm supposed to just be coming HOME, okay?"
"Better hold on tight," he warned. Even after saying that, though, he walked into the water rather than leaping like usual. Having Clint fly off backward probably wouldn't be much fun, so he must have been going easy.
“Okay. Okay, say I believe you. How am I NOT going to tell Tony and Cap? Jeez! If I don’t and they find out that I knew about this, they’re gonna kill me when they find out!”
"GAH—hey, that's my AUNT, she's not that old!" Peter's protests thankfully were not heard by Aunt May, who had already gone into the house. She was bound to come back out and look for him if he didn't get in there soon, though.
“Okay, that’s cool. Can I borrow a shirt for my boy Peter? His clothes are all waterlogged from falling in the lake and that tree really mucked up the luggage IN the tent—so he’s gotta go sans the shirt or take a loan.”
“It must be nice to get away from things for awhile. What brought you out here? The Avengers?” Suddenly more animated, Loki flashed him a smile. “Are you trying to get a compromising picture of Stark and Rogers? Shouldn’t be that hard.”
"What, the reactor? Like anybody who sees me doesn't already know me on sight," he pointed out, smiling. Somehow with his hair wet, his topaz eyes seemed brighter by comparison. It was disarming, having him look up at Steve and smile like that. "Listen," Tony began, as they reached the staircase up to the cabin, "We should--"
The sea swirled around them, the silky sand below them dropping off as they left the shallows behind. The weather was like something off of a postcard, with puffy white clouds and glimmering blue water like glass around them. In the far distance, one tiny gray cloud dared to show itself, tainting the picturesque scenario like a bad thought.
“Peter? What are you doing in the trunk?” Steve was quick to lean and offer his hands to Spider-Man.
Puffing out a sigh, Clint rested his head against the balcony bars and stared down at the people on the beach. That tall blond guy had changed course while Clint was lost in thought land. Now the man was stopped below the balcony, big blue eyes looking excitedly up at Hawkeye.
"Really? You were gone...for so long." Wade sniffled dramatically. "I know the war took its toll, but Spidey, I felt it too! The loss, the pain!" He grabbed the brunette's hand and squeezed it tightly. "You don't have to go through this alone, man!"
“It does seem awfully coincidental that you chose this very lake,” Thor added, treading water dubiously nearby. “And why involve a whole camp full of mortals if you don’t intend some kind of mischief?”
The captain suddenly noticed Lola as she stepped up to chat with Thor, batting big eyes up at him. Cap didn’t comment, going to take his seat…the one on the opposite side of the fire as Tony.
"I guess now's the part where everybody goes stir-crazy because we have no TV," he remarked. Right, no technology.
Out of the blue, Steve splashed and sank for a second, bobbing back to the surface only to spit out water and gawk at Tony.
Forgetting where he was and how he was dressed, Clint hopped over the balcony, dropping to the sand below and rolling to his feet. He dusted himself briefly and came over to size the guy up.
Loki sat down on the coffee table, staying close to Bruce. The wound in his side was still alarming. Why hadn’t it healed around the arrow? What kind of arrow WAS that?
Tony wanted to believe the kid was just enjoying a camping pastime, but he suspected that if they got into talking about past fights, Wade would have something horrible and gory to say, and that Peter didn’t want the Avengers to hear it.
At the moment, Peter just wanted to get Aunt May home and out of the potential disaster area that any place containing Deadpool and Wolverine often became. The thought of Deadpool following him and his aunt home, though, was horrifying. It wasn’t like he could move to lose the guy after that!
Cap knew Thor wasn't sure who exactly it was, but they were armed and making demands, so an enemy was a safe bet.
“Are you lost, friends?” Thor popped his head around the tree, chuckling. “Forget a single arrow, there are s’mores to be made!”
Taking a big step back from the door, he looked down the hallway back toward the kitchen area and sighed. Well, the goal was to strand the Avengers co-leaders together for awhile, and on that note, mission accomplished. It had to be pretty miserable stuck on a sandbar in this weather, but he tried to be optimistic.
"Okay, Hawkeye I get, but how'd he get the big guy to cooperate?" Tony chuckled, hovering down close to the shield. "Jarvis, activate the external speaker. A-hem. Hey, guys, hold up a second!"
“Most likely he’s just on a hiking trail somewhere up there, Steve,” Tony said, standing and moving to take one of Steve’s hands. Looking down at it, he smiled, squeezing Steve’s fingers. “With any luck, Loki doesn’t even know he’s here yet.”
“Decaf,” Bruce mumbled, wrapping his arms around himself. He felt sick. What if neither of the Clints was real? What if he had developed some kind of feelings for somebody who wasn't even real? Not that it mattered—he couldn't have a real relationship, anyway, with his “condition”.
…Except that Wade had insisted on gathering yet more firewood just as the sun painted the sky peachy pink. Now that the sky had faded back to a dull gray dusk, Peter heard loud footsteps approaching that could only belong to his boyfriend.
"I have a better chance at winning him than YOU do, Tony Stark." Loki rolled his eyes at Tony's name. He had to be feeling better. That, or he was a little delirious from blood loss.
"You have any idea how many people that is? Spider-Man is famous for being the friendly neighborhood hero, Cap. And his villains are nut-jobs--they better not even be thinking about dating him." He wrinkled his nose at whichever villain he must be thinking of right then.
Annnd now the Arc reactor was like a big arrow pointing out where Tony was outside. Sighing, he crossed his arms over his chest and leaned against one of the cars. Out across the sand, the ocean was whipping into tall peaked whitecaps, and the dark sky beyond it looked like it went off into forever. The rain was so thick it made it hard to see that far, of course, especially with it running into his eyes.
"Cap and Hawkeye are still with the bad guys," Tony explained, shrugging. "For some reason we've got two Hawkeyes on our hands—the one that got kidnapped, and this one." He pointed at Clint, arching an eyebrow suspiciously.
Glancing at the apathetic scientist, it was hard to imagine him having strong feelings about anything other than falling asleep.
"Yep. Same bench." Clint turned his head to look at Bruce, their noses inches apart. The blond raised an eyebrow, amused. "Did you drool on me?"
"Uh?" Bruce blinked, hearing him and snapping out of the doze somewhat. "...We're still on the bench," he said after a moment, perhaps a bit defeatedly. For a second, there, he'd been on a boat...
“I don’t say your name a lot, Tony,” Cap chuckled, cutting himself off abruptly as he noticed that he HAD been saying ‘Tony’ a lot. Lost in thought, he shrugged a shoulder.
“Loki!” Thor bobbed in the water beside the camp, looking up at an all-too-familiar slender form in a forest green suit. His long black hair was loose from its usual ponytail, trailing freely down his back, but there was no mistaking Thor’s brother for anybody else.
"Think so—" Bruce glanced from the door toward him, leaning back a little as he noticed that he and Clint were nearly nose-to-nose. The scientist cleared his throat and pretended to be extremely interested in the gory scene of toddlers devouring a teenage deadbeat boyfriend on screen.
Mostly hidden by Tony’s seat in the back of the kayak, Steve found a rather wide hole. It looked like they’d hit a rock or…maybe like something bit the boat.
Bruce looked sort of distant as he placed a hand carefully onto the Jotun's side near the arrow, moving his shirt aside with the other to inspect the wound.
“I feel the exact same way,” Bruce murmured, leaning in for a second soft kiss. He smiled in the middle of it, though, and sat back with a soft laugh. “Right…can’t sleep all week.”
“That explains… A lot.” Turning in Peter’s direction, Matt waved a hand out at the ocean. “Where’s Thor at?”
The 'Open' sign in the window was on—until a hand reached up to pull the cord. The sign flickered off. Clint didn't notice though, as he was too busy talking.
“No luck,” Tony said, looking down at his phone with a frown. “I tried calling, I tried texting. My phone’s working just fine, so either there’s no reception where Peter is, or the kid managed to break his phone.”
"Don't you think the rest of the team will also wonder? You heard Peter, apparently it's obvious to the rest of the team that we're hardly on speaking terms right now. I'm not even sure how we got this way. Not important, though, you're right. If Peter's involved with that obviously-not-high schooler, we need to keep very close eyes on them."
"What about Captain America? YOU may be worthless to Thor, but the Captain is a leader of his team—a member of some VALUE."
"Hey—Jarvis was scanning you, you know." Tony turned and rested a hand on Steve's shoulder like he might tip over without some kind of support, examining his face. "Doom's political, I can't escape hearing about him at all of those stuffy parties."
Thor had a hand on Tony's shoulder, and looked troubled by whatever reaction he'd been having to Loki's odd treatment. Tony thankfully had blanked out a little bit, there, and didn't realize he'd been screaming. All he knew was that now the ache in his chest was much duller and more subdued, and he could breathe easily again.
Peter tossed his hands up and exclaimed, "Right? Although, I haven't seen that many people today compared to yesterday. Maybe I'm just used to crowds back home, but it seems practically empty here." He paused and gestured to Thor. "You think you'd like frisbee better if you were playing it with him? He's an easygoing guy, I bet he'd let you join."
"What's going on around here?" She looked at Loki and sighed. "I better go find Cap and Tony." With that, she flew off into the hole in the side of the mansion.
Taking a seat on the chair beside the redhead, Cap noted that Matt already had his phone pressed to his ear.
"Ah, don't bother with that." He said it so calmly, but a bit awkwardly. Since when did Clint care about his clothes, or anybody else's?
“I’m sorry for my part in all the lies. Even if we hate who Wade is, it’s your choice if you want to date him or not. We just worry about you. I worry about you. The Avengers have each other and you’re out there by yourself. If Wade has your back and treats you well, he’s certainly got my approval.”
Through all the grumbling and bleeding, it took Clint a moment to notice the other half of Peter’s comment.
“Okay…? I borrowed one of Hawkeye’s shirts last night,” he said, feeling silly since he was wearing the bright purple shirt with a bullseye in the middle right now while talking to them.
“Crime doesn’t take vacations,” the blond man murmured, staring through his reflection in the glass.
"Depends on if passing out on my face counts," Dr. Banner sighed, leaning forward to rest his head on his arms. He looked pretty exhausted, and sounded a bit dull as a result.
Staring calmly at the goblet, Steve shook his head. Whatever Doom had used on him, he trusted no one but Tony to find the cure. The doctor was good to his word, as long as the trade went well. He just had to hold out until Tony got back.
“Do you have any maps?” Clint asked the shop attendant, trying to smooth out his frown. It was part of the plan for he and Bruce to go buy something to make flags. It was NOT part of the plan to have Peter along. He had hoped to stop and have ice-cream again, maybe get a chance to hold Bruce’s hand, maybe even…
“Poof!” Wade said, emerging from the tent with a scrappy looking duffel over his shoulder. “My life flashed in front my eyes.” Spotting Matt, Wade squared his shoulders, swooping over to Peter’s other side to hug him too.
“He went for the coffee before the painkillers—I think he’ll live,” Tony said dryly. “You know, it’s a good thing your pal Matt here ran into us instead of Loki.”
"Because!" Clint said quickly. "Because you'll hurt people." He hopped off the car and came over in between Hulk and the wrecked cars. "Besides, the training room repairs itself."
Judging by Clint's whole attitude tonight, he would try it again if he thought that meant the Hulk showed up. Bruce wasn't referring to the Hulk, though—the Hulk was not an option, not here.
Tony glanced over at the scientist, who was standing there holding another skipping stone and listening to their conversation quietly.
"Dr. Banner says he goes through shirts so fast he buys whatever's cheapest from the thrift store," Peter explained, shrugging. "I'm kind of glad this one's not gonna get ripped up--it looks like something Wa--uh, s-somebody I know would wear." He plastered on a slightly too-enthusiastic grin and added, "I'm gonna go check out the beach now," before dashing off.
"Don't worry, the sandwich place will open soon," Bruce had begun, replying to the first statement. At the second part, though, he froze. Did he just imagine Clint saying that? Even if he had, his heart was thudding in his chest at the possibility, and he could hear that familiar distant ringing in his ears as all other sounds began to fade away.
Bruce nodded quietly and looked at his hands. He felt defeated at the moment, and wasn't sure what to do with himself. When the others got back, he was sure they would all sit him down for a talk about the Hulk visiting twice in a day, and about trashing half of Tony's mansion (not that he couldn't afford to fix it.)
As far as he could tell from the skyline, there weren't any buildings being destroyed. Yet. But there was a steady flow of screaming, kicking, punching and panicking crowds running down one street. Odds were that the Hulk was nearby.
The Clint next to Bruce paused abruptly, eying his double. The other froze up too. Both stared at each other and then Tony—pointing at the other and shouting in unison.
As they made their way upstairs to Steve's bedroom, the blond did feel slightly pathetic. It was usually his job to haul people off to their room for bed rest—not the 'mere mortal' under his arm.
If he didn’t know any better, he’d think that Matt was making eyes at Peter. Which, if he knew Peter liked Wade and was friends with both of them—well, that was a cruel thing to do.
Tony gripped his hands so confidently that it was reassuring, tugging lightly on them...and then Steve realized he wasn't tugging lightly. That was, in fact, his best effort to pull Steve to his feet. Tony would never admit it, but clearly he needed some help doing that.
“Good morning, team,” Steve told everyone, taking a seat on one of their tiny folding chairs. Looking Bruce over, he smiled. “Dr. Banner, I think it’d be better if you at least slept within sight of camp. The website said that there were both black bears and mountain lions around here.”
Tony was facing away from him, toward the stove, stirring the sauce in the pan. Jeez, that was one strong onion--Wade was chopping away at it, and Peter was pretty sure tears had been streaming down his own face for awhile now. He sniffled. If Tony would just turn around for a second...
"Isn't that what a manipulating imposter would say to get me to free them, though?" Bruce looked him in the eyes. He was as exhausted as ever—changing back from the Hulk so fast hadn't given him much time to rest, and he'd been awake working on cures and patching people up all night.
"They'll just assume I'm shut in my room," Bruce sighed, dropping his side of the vest and standing. He took a few steps away from the bench and stuck his hands in his pockets, his back to Clint. "They might look for you..."
Clint was the most foul-mouthed grouchy saint on earth, Tony thought—then glanced quickly at Thor again. Brother? Oh no…
Waving a hand over his head in one wide sweep, the familiar glow of green magic revealed his true form. Loki leaned back against the table, fixing Doctor Doom with a charming smile.
“Think old-fashioned is my type,” he managed finally, grinning. Now that the love confession had sunken in, he felt downright giddy. “You know I love you too, right? I mean, I would hope that part was clear by now, but you never know. Here, just in case, let me just…” Catching Steve’s face in both hands, Tony pulled him down enough to kiss warmly. Was this real? Sure felt real.
"Stop it," Hulk growled. He probably sounded a lot angrier than he really was...right? Probably. The big green Avenger proceeded to tuck Loki into the crook of his arm, cradling the blonde so that he was laying back and not pressing on his wound too much. "Cupid's hurting himself. Banner says you need a doctor again."
Bruce withdrew his hand, blinking a little and looking past him at the door. Then he looked back at Clint again with a green glow around his vision.
"Who's biting who?" Came a groggy mumble from the object of their conversation. Well, from Bruce, at least.
"Do not do anything FOOLISH—you are weak, and I am strong," he warned. His hand ignited with green flame, then, and the shackle popped off.
"It's just," Steve sighed. "I've never thought about anything besides fighting since I woke up." He shrugged, suddenly nervous. "Alright. I'm not sure how to say this."
"No, I will. I'm the reason he came here in the first place, so it's only fair," he sighed. "Was kind of hoping you'd stick around, too. We're always fighting something--I think this's the first time we've ever all stayed somewhere together out of our costumes for a whole night. And Wade--" He fidgeted, glancing back toward the cabin almost shyly. "Never mind. Just let us be normal people on a normal vacation for one more day before he goes back to everybody back home treating him like dirt. Okay?"
Tony sat up, blinking. Seriously? …Aww. He couldn’t help smiling, imagining whatever Peter had said to backpedal that comment before realizing he was talking to himself.
That beeping continued, still no heart monitors in sight. Bruce rubbed his forehead. Was he dreaming this? Maybe he was hooked up in a hospital or cell somewhere and dreaming this whole thing.
Defeatedly, Peter lowered himself and Wade to the ground again, leaving a lone strand of web hanging from the branches.
"Uh-huh. Can it, get in line," Tony said shortly, pointing at the wall like the two were going to be in front of a firing squad.
The longer he held out not talking to Tony, the more lonely he felt. He never realized how much time he spent with Iron Man until they got into a spat and spent time apart.
"Hmm." Thor swooped them down further, then flew slowly along near the treetops. "Perhaps if we signal, he will come to us." He glanced up at Mjolnir.
"Yeah, Tony. It’s me. What do ya want?" He knew where this was going. Probably to some creepy lab in the mansion that nobody knew about where Tony dissected clones and robots.
“I’ll be honest, I’m not sure if Peter knows or not. He’s been caught up with helping people, work and applying to colleges. Can you believe some of them turned him down?” Matt shook his head, adding, “I’ll take mine black, please.”
“I’m not guilty because I don’t wanna spend time with you, I’m guilty for other reasons,” Clint grumbled, flipping the detector on.
Cap had demanded that he eat something and Clint had felt the need to be deviant, skipping food entirely. Why? Why was he like this?
Thoroughly weirded out, Peter decided the best thing to do was to finish the hot dog in utter silence and avoid looking at Deadpool entirely.
Letting go of Peter, Cap gave him a quick smile and nod before continuing down the hallway at marching speed. It was his chance to corner Daredevil and figure out what exactly his intentions were with Peter. Arguing or not, he knew Tony would have his back.
Taking them with some decidedly sheepish body language, the young hero climbed out of the car in his full crime-fighting costume.
"No problem," Peter said, giving him a thumbs up. "Actually, I figured it was gonna be around lunchtime, so I even packed you guys some sandwiches!" He swiped the packed lunch bag from among the shopping bags and turned back to Steve and Tony, offering it to them with a winning smile. "Don't worry, I have everything covered here on land 'til you get back."
Peter smiled at Wade and Matt one last time and stepped back. Jeez that was a lot of handsome side by side. He had to play it cool or he was gonna make a fool of himself once he got back to New York. Maybe the old Parker bad luck streak was finally broken?
“This close enough?” Clint asked, leaning in to press his lips to Bruce’s. As if on cue, a crackle of electricity flashed through the air above them. Clint pulled away only as the thunder shook the air, flashing the brown haired man a smile. “I just wanna say that this has been awesome. Best vacation I ever took.”
"Oh, that's...don't worry about it. It's fine, I'm not angry." That last was said with a small bitter smile. As if Clint wouldn't know if he was angry...
A loud growl sounded behind him, and he was snagged by the back of the shirt and placed back onto the office chair.
"Cap. Come on. Look, I know Tony well—really, REALLY well. And he might sleep around, and act crazy, but wh-when it comes down to it he's really LONELY. That, and his health's not the best… Especially when he pulls stunts like he did in the basement tonight.”
“He does seem extra worried,” Bruce said thoughtfully, looking down at him. He fidgeted with his hands, focusing on them instead. “Usually nobody worries about me, unless it’s worrying that I’ll turn into Hulk at the wrong time. It’s…strange…to switch back and forth so much again, after letting him drive for so long.”
"Why, do hot dogs mean something I don't know about? We're in New York, they're like a way of life here," Peter replied, looking up at him again as they zoomed over the cityscape in a blur. He was still holding his hands up. "Besides, we met on an abandoned rooftop, in the middle of the night. The hot dog guy looked like he was about to shrivel up and die, and nobody believes a word Deadpool says since he's crazy. Who could've said anything?"
Loki stared at it. It had probably been centuries since he had actually bandaged anyone, but it was a better option than the Hulk. Rummaging through the bag timidly, he found a packet of gauze. Sighing, he dropped it back into the bag.
“He’ll fit!” Clint called to Tony, lowering the cooler into the back of the car with a chuckle. Then he stopped dead. “What the…”
"This doesn't look good," Cap wheezed, punching a hand through the cage to reach for the driver. The taxi swerved as the driver realized Cap's hand actually had gone through the metal cage. The side of the cab scraped against the tunnel wall with a deafening squeal while they continued to careen downhill. Cap grabbed the man's arm and wrenched him to the right, turning the wheel with him.
Having eaten his s'more, Peter leaned over and peered at Bruce around Cap, still smiling. He and the scientist didn't exactly cross paths much. Cap wasn't even sure if they'd directly spoken before.
Clint looked so enthusiastic that it seemed like it would be bad to interrupt him, so Bruce just stood there and let him talk about all his favorite sandwiches. Occasionally he'd glance back at the restaurant in some vain hope that Clint would notice and follow his gaze and realize the place was closed for the night and there were no spaghetti and enormous meatball sandwiches to be had...
Man was the right word. Matt obviously wasn’t a teenager like Peter was. Try as he might, Steve was having trouble believing that Peter could actually be involved with the handsome lawyer. It seemed so…so…bizarre.
Wow, Steve, Tony thought. Always the ‘heart of gold’ variety, totally earnest and concerned even to a pain in the ass like him. It was kind of endearing, in a way. Steve was looking at him with such worry in his blue eyes that it would be mean not to say SOMETHING in response, but Tony couldn't decide what.
Peter let go of the wall and looked down at the ground as he was held around his waist. It was a little undignified, but having Johnny fly him there would be way faster than web-slinging it.
“…He was completely fine!” Matt was saying, annoyed. “You could have called me back or even just texted me to let me know that you and Peter weren’t battling with some giant sea monster!”
Warm light poured through the thick foliage ahead of them, stretching out the shadows of the tree trunks in all directions.
Peter sipped his root beer to try and hide the look on his face. Sooo, Cap supposedly kept out of Tony's private life, but had also argued with him about it. If that didn't sound an 'I'm done, we're broken up for good,' Peter wasn't sure what did. Although, if Tony still saw all of those models, talk about being a cheater.
"I can smell," the Hulk retorted. "And I'm not blind, there's blood all over you." He stepped inside the medical room and placed Loki onto the sofa there as carefully as he could. What he planned to do was anybody's guess; Loki was pretty sure the Hulk's medical knowledge only went as far as where to smash people to break their bones or burst their organs or some such nastiness...
"Well ya don't have to be a jerk about it," Peter grumbled, stepping up to the edge of the roof. "It's not like I took it or anything. Meet me at the bus stop." He hopped off the edge and started for his house.
"He was already doing that yesterday," Tony said drolly, glancing up at Clint to make sure the face scrape was the only injury they were talking about. He gave Clint a little wave.
Steve stared at the blind man, surprised he had been able to hear what they’d been saying from so far away.
"No, y-you wouldn't." He crossed his arms. "You not being the 'marrying k-kind' was one of the main reasons that w-we can’t be together—other than t-the fact t-that we're both men. I know you like women, Tony." His voice was getting worse. "I'm s-sorry I brought it up. It’s j-just something that I occasionally think about."
A little jingle sounded across from them, and Peter hopped up, cell phone already to his ear as he hurried off down the beach the opposite way Cap and Bruce had gone.
“Loki? I know that you are here,” Thor called, dropping Mjolnir with a muddy ‘thunk’ and glancing around. “Come out and talk to me. Please.”
"WOW, so the one guy who actually has a low-tech hobby doesn't get to do it on vacation? Have a heart, Clint--fishing was probably his entire plan and now he doesn't know what to do with himself."
Lunging in front of him, Wade caught the frisbee, giving Cap a bright eyed smile like it was supposed to impress him before he threw it back across to the other team.
"I d-don't think that's a good i-idea," the captain said, also coming over to the door. "Tony should be back s-soon." He coughed deeply, placing a hand on his throat. The medicine was taking its sweet time to start working—or it wasn't working at all.
She paused for a moment, reflecting on that. "I think he needs you to save him from himself," she muttered, aiming the flashlight around the hall to look at the floor and ceiling. There was a huge hole in the ceiling...
“That’s kind of the point of talking through it until we’re on the same page, Cap. And right now we’re barely on the same shelf. Hell, you don’t think I’m on the shelf at all…” He smirked at wherever that train of thought was headed, shaking his head and gesturing to the kayak shelter. A narrow strip of the sand was now sheltered from being pelted by big warm raindrops. “I don’t want to argue with you, either. Maybe we could try actually listening to each other for once.”
“Tony?” Steve’s concerned voice called to him from the beach. The big blond was already wading out to him, all frowny faced. “You shouldn’t swim when you’re drunk. You could drown.”
“This is camping, let us dine on those ‘granola bars’ you told me of yesterday and walk at the same time,” Thor suggested, stepping toward the trail. “Come, the sun will soon rise over the trees!”
“Are we there YET?” Clint howled, flopping out of view of the rear view mirror. “I’m so ready for tequila!”
“You know, we’ll find something better to do, buddy. Fishing is SO boring.” Tony saw Hawkeye tell his friend, slapping a hand on Bruce’s shoulder and squeezing it.
“Are you alright?” Remembering that they had a civilian with them, Cap lowered his voice.  “Has Thor told you about Loki?”
The marshmallow he was roasting burst into flames suddenly, flaring up bright. Whoa—how much sugar was IN these things? Peter pulled it back and blew on it, sighing.
Ignoring the death glares, Clint hurried the way she had pointed. As soon as the small stand came into view, however, he hesitated. It wasn’t like he could go on a hunt for the damn box if Bruce was there.
"I'm Peter--nice to meet you! I think we'll be around for a couple weeks, judging by how much luggage everybody brought. I kind of came with at the last minute," he explained awkwardly.
"We could sabotage our own treasure hunt," Bruce mused. "Use the team thing to get the two of them together, have you lure them to some specific place, and lock them in...or something..."
"If he was a Doombot, Doom would've used him to help catch Cap, don't you think?" Tony said, holding the offered arm and dabbing alcohol on it with a cotton swab right near the inside of Clint's elbow. He turned and reached for the syringe.
"We could give them a call, if there's a pay phone around here," Bruce suggested, sticking his hands in his pockets again and glancing around. He definitely still looked and sounded bothered by something, but hopefully he'd deflected Clint's suspicions enough that he could assume it was worrying about jail.
"Yeah...I've heard of Deadpool, and that guy's always in a mask, right? No masks in sight here since Spider-Man put his away." He paused, realization dawning that Peter's secret identity was at risk, and added warily, "Which direction do you hear him from?"
"Listen, this isn't some stupid love triangle, okay? And it's not about crime fighting teams, either! This's about me, regular old Peter Parker, high school student, and who people think I'm dating."
Reflexively, Spider-Man turned and shot a string of web to catch him, tethering it to the nearest wall and then shooting a few webs to slow the swing toward the wall enough that Wade didn't faceplant on it.
The archer immediately lay flat on his stomach again, frantically paging through his torn up memories of last night to figure out how he and Bruce had wound up cozied up together.
Boy had that been an awkward moment of silence. Peter was so confused, too--they kept telling people they were his dads, but they didn't want anybody thinking they were an item? Why not?
“Whoa! How’d you know that? Did you tell him, ba—Peter?” Wade asked his boyfriend, suddenly excited again. “I LOVE wieners!” He half shouted at Cap, who cringed.
The teen, whose upside-down on the ceiling thing looked really bizarre without the Spider-Man costume involved, jumped slightly and blinked down at Clint, squinting.
"Did I just hear what I thought I heard?" Peter jumped. When did Tony come around to his side of the fire? Whispering probably was wise, though, while Cap had Wade distracted.
Turning to wrap an arm around him, too, Peter sighed. There was no way he was letting Matt take off in the middle of the night—not only would that seem like prioritizing Wade, but he’d have to tell Cap and Tony SOMETHING about why Matt was gone the next morning.
"...We must return to Banner as quickly as possible. Come, friend, we have much to discuss," he told Hawkeye, turning and hurrying into the house.
Rain beat down on the roof of the cabin. The shadows cast by the candle in the middle of the circle wobbled and swayed across the walls, long and eerie. Peter was doing his best to look spooky while telling a creepy story about a guy who lost his skin in an acid accident and ran around stealing the skins off of other people. Which was gross, sure, but honestly he'd seen worse in his line of work. What was freakier than 'an alien tentacle slime monster fell from orbit, took over my body, and made me drool a lot'?
Bruce stepped over and reached a hand out, touching Clint's forehead lightly. At arm's length, like he had to keep his distance.
When Matt turned back around, Peter noted that he wasn’t wearing his glasses yet and looked as tired as Peter felt. His hair was an awful mess, sticking up in clumps. Half feeling and half glancing around, the redhead frowned.
"His pulse is rapid—he’s lost a lot of blood, but I don't think he'll need a transfusion, at least. You probably feel pretty light-headed, right?"
“Tony, I think we should try to sneak over there and spy on him. If we can figure out why he’s here, we can stop him before he hurts anyone.”
"I bet that's him!" Loki said, dashing for the stairs. About three steps. He paused, clutching his side. "Ugh." Glancing back, he waved a hand at Bruce. "Well? Go get him!"
Thor raised the hammer above his head and shouted to the sky, "MJOLNIR, AID ME!" The air charged with electricity and the wind abruptly came up, the clouds rolling above their heads angrily.
"It was really brave of you to stay behind, but you should've let me," Pepper told Steve, stepping inside the room and coming over to stand beside the blond man. She looked at him sadly. "I would've been okay, Tony wouldn't leave me in a place like that for long."
He wasn't packing anything, as it turned out. The scientist was just moving a couple of syringes and needles in cases around; they made little clinking noises. His brows were drawn down in an almost pained-looking frown, and he didn't even look up at Loki as the blond stepped up beside him.
"Yay. Right wandering person. The last one I ran into didn't talk. They just ran off!" There was a pause. "Hey, where are you at?"
Thor looked after him, but did not follow. The bathroom was just one door down the hallway, and now that the mansion was shielded, they didn't need to watch either Clint so closely.
"Don't want to be that close to the evil robot, huh? Fine," Clint quipped, rolling over onto his face. After a moment, the blond muttered through his pillow, "Might want to turn on the heater."
"You were the one who said I had to stop moving around, but now you're taking me with you?" The blond grumbled, trying to act like he wasn't nervous from the storm outside. Though Thor hadn't seen through his disguise the first time, so it was very unlikely he would any time after that.
Reaching Steve, Tony placed a hand on his shoulder, trying not to smirk at Loki. The guy looked like a drenched cat.
Whether he heard or not, Tony certainly saw the look in his eyes. In fact, Steve saw the same conflict reflected back at him.
The gooey burnt mess stuck on the stick suggested that was a pretty low bar, but that wasn’t the point. A s’more contest meant they got to eat s’mores afterward, together, just the two of them.
"Uh. I-it's complicated," he mumbled, wrapping his arms around himself. More pointedly, he asked, "You guys know what Daredevil's powers ARE, right?"
He closed his eyes and swayed on the line of webbing, rotating in a slow circle. So his boyfriends were now barely on speaking terms with each other, his superpowered sorta-dads both thought he was dating a lawyer almost a decade older than him and maybe, if they’d figured it out, a notorious mercenary, and he had no more stuff to make s’mores. What else could go wrong?
Bruce led the two blonds to the medical room and helped Loki sit down on the nearest chair. Then he promptly turned and grabbed the medical tools he needed from the tables.
The Hulk was as bored as he was, though the giant green man was unbothered by the heat, and had been entertaining himself by crushing a garden gnome into a fine powder. When Hawkeye peeked down, he could see that the gnome had been reduced to tiny pebbles that Hulk was crunching under his fingertips.
"Hey, I know you're busy with work AND your regular job, so if you can't it's okay," he said easily. "But if the guy's gonna sue you KNOW it'll take him longer than a couple of hours."
Yawning, Tony hugged the blanket against his chest and looked up at the ceiling in the dark. Once they figured out what was going on with Peter, Steve would go right back to being distant--he was sure of it. So much for spending time together on vacation.
As if on cue, Tony came walking through the door...with a medical bag. He headed right to the cell and knocked on the side. "Jarvis, let me in here."
Bruce stopped and held very still. Great...which Hawkeye was it? Then again, it wasn't like he could be killed, so what did he have to fear?
The thunder roared overhead, and abruptly rain began to dump from the sky in sheets again. If Bruce was out here with no clothes, the poor man was probably frozen by now.
"Tony," Steve managed quietly without coughing. "Thank you." He settled into a nearby chair, looking exhausted.
Peter nodded, peeking at Tony again. He was standing around stirring the sauce, now wiping at his eyes with the back of his free hand. Peter was pretty sure the whole kitchen was thinking the same thing right now: it must be nice being Captain America and not having to deal with things like onion fumes...
Picking the glass back up, Cap sipped it lightly to make sure it was actually water. It was indeed water, and his parched throat felt better with even a few sips. His lungs were on fire, and it took a lot of effort not to cough while drinking it. As soon as he felt his voice coming back, he looked to Doom again and sighed.
“Found some! Whoa, what a hike, man,” Deadpool announced, coming back into their tiny campsite and proudly dropping a literal handful of twigs onto the pile beside the fire. He plunked down beside Peter and grinned at him, slinging an arm over his shoulders.
"Wow. I know that was a flimsy excuse, but you had to get the part about me wanting to leave," Tony grumbled. "Could we just...not do this? I get the idea, we don't need to actually spell it all out."
"It’s not your fault—I kissed you!" Clint stopped, staring at Bruce and shuddering from the cold rain running down the back of his neck. "And you freaked out," he added sadly, glancing off into the woods.
“Clint, please put on some sunscreen!” Cap called after him quickly, concerned. He shook his head, waving a hand after Clint’s retreating back. “He always falls asleep and gets burned,” he sighed.
"Thank you," he told them both gratefully, sounding relieved. "I-I know he doesn't seem like it, but Wade's trying really hard--and he's got no family, so this vacation's all new for him, and Matt if you saw how happy he looked yesterday playing frisbee with me and Cap and Tony..."
“Well, the sun’s back, but I’m not sure I want to stay much longer. I actually miss technology,” Cap said, bewildered by his own words. Though Peter spotted the small smirk Cap gave Tony after the comment. “What do you say, Tony?”
“You do like to sleep on top of me when I’m the Hulk,” Bruce pointed out, quickly turning to lean his arms on his knees again. That meant he was facing off to the side from where Clint sat. Even from the side, his eyes were practically glowing. Maybe the smexy smile had been overkill.
"Eh, it's not like I'm in a bunch of danger going outside by myself," Tony was replying. "Go back if you really want to, I'm almost done scanning anyway. Check on Cap for me."
"Bruce needs to be working on the cure for Steve," Tony said promptly, shaking his head. "And YOU are still under house arrest, pal. I want Thor to come with me to check it out."
For some strange reason, the masked man decided to play the piano for a while. Perhaps he was just making sure that Cap didn’t die before Tony came back. He seated himself in front of the enormous instrument and began to play a melodious piece by Mozart without comment.
"Then how come YOU are acting so weird and dragging Bruce around?" Tony said coolly. "Sorry, but you look pretty fishy to me."
"Oof!" Deadpool landed, almost falling over Peter.  He looked around, at last releasing Spider-Man. "Why're we walking?"
Spotting him, the woman hurried to collect the rest of her things, throwing them haphazardly into a lacy white beach tote.
Tony jumped up enough to grab the frisbee out of the air, despite how fast it was traveling. He shook his hand out, wincing good-naturedly.
"Our minds think alike, friend!" Thor laughed and swooped them down to the ground, placing Clint carefully on his feet again. "You may wish to stand clear."
"Do you speak to us?" Thor asked, looking over at him from the bed beside Clint’s. He and Loki were still awake to hear Tony, unfortunately.
"Brother?" Thor leaned to look at Loki's face, seeing that he was fading. "Loki...?" He patted the pale man's cheek. "Do not slumber now, it is not safe for you."
Having reluctantly handed over his pocket money for a ticket, the brunette stepped aboard the train and headed as far to the back as he could to get a seat that hopefully was a few spaces away from other people. Man, oh man did heightened senses point out the folks who didn't wear deodorant like no other...
Returning the wave, Clint turned and sped up the stairs. Why were people trying to talk to him before coffee? Who did that?
The guy snorted and shook his head like that was some kind of joke. The taxi's cage divider must be pretty tough for him to be that confident with Cap in the backseat.
“Oh my god!” The tall man squeaked, slapping his hand into Cap’s and shaking it roughly. “I’m a HUGE fan! Would you sign me?” Wade asked, suddenly producing a permanent marker from out of nowhere.
"Too bad T'Challa isn't back yet, he's pretty good at that stuff too!" She remarked, hovering off into the mansion to find Bruce.
“I know we talked about looking like normal campers and not using any powers, but yeah. This is sort of an emergency.”
Staring at him, Bruce didn’t comment. He’d spent enough time around Clint while in Hulk’s head to know that the archer and his big green pal had a crush on each other. Not that Hulk would be happy to hear it. He’d probably never tell Clint either.
Wiping his cheek with the back of his hand, Clint frowned at the smear of blood. Turning to Bruce, he was disappointed to see that the brown haired man’s eyes were still green. Way to ruin the afternoon, Clint, he thought in disappointment.
It was sort of fun to sit and people watch at coffee shops, or to date hopeless men and women. Loki had even stooped so low as to play cupid after he had dated both sexes and found a few that seemed to match.
Outside, the storm had continued to rage, splashing huge raindrops into Pepper's eyes. The shield outside was still up, but it seemed weaker than before. A blur of red caught her eye just over the fence. Someone was out there.
Tony blinked, looking her over for the first time and taking in the drenched hair and clothes, torn pants-suit, and bloodied knee and elbow.
Thanking his lucky stars Cap and Peter were having a bonding moment, Clint offered the ball of clothes to Bruce.
“Oh no, Matt did all the talkin’. Hot ginger to hot ginger. I think Matt said he was your cousin or something? I don’t remember. Oh and MJ might think you’re a punk that needed a lawyer.”
“I, uh, I usually order in. How big are these supposed to be?” The man chuckled to himself and shook his head. “THAT is what she said. I know, right?”
Capturing Steve was a pretty good excuse to weaken him, but from the way Clint talked, Doom had some ulterior motives for LEAVING him that way. Then again, Doom had handed Steve the cure himself, apparently.
He wished the synthesizer would be done so that it could beep and interrupt this conversation. He'd been pretty sure the other Hawkeye was the real one, and now this. What a mess. It was exhausting. HE was exhausted.
“Oh, um, Clint, no,” Bruce stammered, dropping the sandwich aside and gripping his friend’s chin. “Clint, you’re going to choke! Spit it out!”
Loki was wishing himself away and huddled into a ball, Tony was staring intently at Cap, and the captain looked like he had a fever. Clint had to go while the going was good.
"Hey!" Hawkeye closed the distance between him and his lookalike, bending to be eye to eye with him. "I have more arrows, pal."
"I didn't see Cap on the way here at all," Pepper said worriedly. "I-I went outside to look for you and Deadpool showed up. He's looking for Spider-Man," she added, sighing and rubbing her elbow.
"Hulk says if he showed up, the beach suddenly would be private, because everybody would run away," he muttered, muffled by the fabric. Tossing the hoodie aside, he pulled off the white T-shirt underneath it next. "Maybe I'll just try to marathon nap for seven straight days..."
"Yes," Loki replied softly. Taking Hawkeye’s hand, he smirked as the archer looked uncomfortable, but too guilty to not accept.
For some reason, the thought of Tony dating anybody seemed kind of wrong. As much notoriety as he had for being a playboy, Peter knew him as a super smart tech-obsessed...well, dad type. Maybe it was because he and Cap were like the parents of the Avengers. Peter almost laughed as he realized maybe Tony dating seemed wrong because he was already "married" to Steve, but then that idea sounded surprisingly reasonable and not like a big joke.
Sleeping after his conversation with Bruce had proved to be really hard. Now that he knew the scientist had a thing for him, he felt bad for leading him on. It wasn’t like Bruce could do anything, and there was no way they could even try to do anything if poor Hulk would arrive in the middle of it. Not even kissing. Nope.
“But WHY?” Steve asked, baffled. “Do you really think Hulk was so angry that he’d lash out at a blind man? That doesn’t seem like him at all.”
Great, just great! Now he had THAT idea floating around in his head! Bruce was probably sitting inside Hulk’s mind, laughing his skinny butt off.
The couch was built more for looks than for comfort. Sleeping on it reminded Cap of camping in the field. There were lots of lumps and sticks to keep you from sleeping too deeply.
If only sandwiches were his only concern. He had to figure out why Clint was distracting him so much, and what to do about it, and fast.
“I’ll have to talk to Clint about the tequila, too,” Cap sighed, heading in the cabin at a slower pace. Making his way down the small hallway, he turned into their room and paused. “What’re we going to do if Peter’s dating a super villain?”
"If there is one time I would be irresponsible to ask the other guy to come play with you, it's late at night when almost nobody else is around to run damage control. I'm sorry, but it's not worth it."
He pulled on his Spider-Man suit before crawling out the window and web-slinging to the roof to get a better idea of what was going on up there. Had a tree fallen on their building? Or worse, a power line?
The Hulk snorted and clenched both hands into huge fists, but he did stop short of trying to smash Clint, huffing angrily instead.
"GUH—what?!" Peter had hunched up his shoulders like he was about to be hit out of pure gut reaction, and now his heart was pounding and the spider sense was tingling and everything. Could it do that just out of paranoia...?
“Uh,” Clint sat up too, scratching his head—which quickly turned to dusting sand from his hair. “So, I sort of panicked last night. Ahhh…well, I was trying to get Tony to open up and I was drunk…” Cringing, Clint sighed. “I told him we were dating. Sorry. Just tell him I’m full of crap.”
"Are you sure? It has to be pretty late by now," he told Clint as he stepped through the fence exit as well.
"He really isn't," Cap said, shaking his head. He’d slung an arm over Tony's shoulder for support. Tony helped Steve back over to the couch and sat him down there.
The arm-grabbing and whispering seemed like something Tony should object to, considering their smudged-beyond-legibility relationship status, but he had to admit he didn't want to object. It was kind of nice that Cap was so casually comfortable around him. When they weren't talking about the two of them, anyway. Sigh.
“Hey, I did NOT say sea monster! You assumed because I said monster and because I was going to the beach that it was a sea monster!”
"It's also not like his technology to go out from a storm," Bruce pointed out, turning to the big blonde man. "Somebody's up to no good. They probably led Tony away so he wouldn't be able to bail us out of whatever this is."
“Thanks for the backup in there! Jeez, can you believe those guys?” Hawkeye practically shouted, now safely back on the Hulk’s shoulder as they made their way back out into the city. Passersby cleared the way for the big green man.
What a vacation, Steve thought bitterly, swiping his hair back from his face. They’d waited for almost half an hour by his best guess, and the weather had only gotten worse.
“Yep, allies. You go camping in the middle of the woods alone with your allies,” Tony added dryly, crossing his arms.
Noting that the newly arrived Iron Man hand wasn’t a threat, Loki looked back to Thor. He leaned against his shoulder to whisper to him.
“You know, Stark and Rogers? I was gonna go with Stony, like the fandom uses, but I felt like it’d be way too obvious.” Wade paused to take a gulp from his cocoa, glancing between both Matt and Peter. “I guess we could go with Iron Captain, or Captain Man…”
Carol pressed her com badge. "Tony, where are you? The Hulk is moving toward the mansion, but we need to make sure he makes it there!"
“Hold up, kid,” Tony called, stepping over to stand with Steve. “Wade seems like a guy who can handle putting out a campfire on his own.”
For once, the diplomatic route had actually worked. Not only had Doom apparently been expecting him, but Iron Man had been invited into the castle without so much as a shot fired to try and knock him out of the sky. It was almost suspiciously easy, honestly...
Steve glanced out the window and then knocked on the cage. "Excuse me sir, I said Avengers Mansion."
“Y-y-you—” He sputtered, fuming. Glancing back at them, Clint looked suddenly nervous. He turned back to Loki. “You! You aren't...I hate you!”
"Here is f-fine," he said, starting to unbutton his shirt. Despite how clean he liked his room, right now all he wanted to do was slide on some PJs and get some sleep.
"You...need something?" Clint looked over his shoulder at him, eyebrow quirked. He turned to face Bruce, now very close.
"I wake up naked in random places every time the other guy goes back to sleep," Bruce pointed out tiredly, resting his forehead against one palm. "You get numb to awkward after awhile. It's fine...sorry I ruined it all, though."
Peter patted Matt’s arm before letting go of it, stepping around the campfire to stand closer to Tony.
Bobbing his head in agreement, Steve picked another bunch of flags out of the kayak and turned to find a spot for them. As he knelt beside a clump of seaweed and rocks, a deep growl of thunder sounded far above them, making him glance up. Stabbing the flags in, Steve came back to Tony’s side and frowned back the way that they had come from.
"Aye, she mentioned that she would return. I had best go and find her, then. Good luck with your flag waver, and do try to be kind to each other," he said meaningfully.
"Sir, I've been walking this direction since you last talked to that guy, so I didn't see where he went. Excuse us."
"Was it the Wolverine?" Thor asked, wide-eyed. He seemed completely immersed in this weird story. HOW? Peter KNEW he'd seen things much weirder than this--he came from another DIMENSION.
“Race ya!” Clint barked, jumping back into the water. How the hell was Bruce being so casual about touching him?
Peter had to tell them SOMETHING, but he couldn’t actually tell them any of the things that were the real problems.
"I don't have anything you'd want," Bruce muttered, leading him toward the medical room. The only alternative to this plan was to somehow get the power back on—and that didn't look to be happening anytime soon. Why had the backup generators not worked again...
"You think so? I wasn't aware there was any 'paradise' going on between them," he said, picking up the sunscreen bottle Clint had abandoned on the ground and putting some on his hand. Rubbing it onto his arms like he was trying to warm up in the cold, he nodded at Clint. "You've got a sunscreen spot on your forehead, by the way."
Peter realized in bemusement that he probably knew way more about Thor's dating life than Cap ever did since he'd seen Thor and Jane out on dates. Weird thought.
"I'll protect her, sir," Jarvis said. The voice came from the helmet still, but the glove twisted itself into a thumbs up sign as well.
Wolverine threw the merc as hard as he could into the nearest building, almost nailing Spider-Man in the face with a claw swipe.
True to his word, Tony didn't toss them into a cold prison cell or anything. Instead, the two Clints got to share the one cell that had a room around it—the big clear container usually reserved for containing the Hulk. Bruce wasn't fond of the thing, but took a seat outside of it since he'd promised himself not to let his Clint—the one with the wristband—out of his sight.
“Um, I dunno. I think my plan to get Tony drunk backfired,” Clint groaned, clutching his head with a hand.
Sooner or later, Clint would find it and give it back, so he figured that he’d better enjoy his time with Bruce while he had it.
"Back, monster!" The Asgardian woman yelled, blasting Hulk in the face with a ball of magic. It didn't do much, but it did help her avoid being caught. She laughed, flying off—right into the shield. Smacking into it with full force, it was a lot like watching a bird hit a window. She dropped Loki as she fell back in shock.
Fidgeting, Clint wasn’t really sure how he’d label himself. He hadn’t ever needed to. God knows the circus didn’t care, so he hadn’t either. Women were the norm, so that meant he was straight. Right?
"What people say is not always the truth," the demi god said rather sadly. "Some claim that only mortals have souls. Do you think me soulless, too, friend?"
"Virgin margaritas are a thing. I doubt he's ever been on an all-expenses-paid vacation before, and it's not like we don't have space for him." He paused, glancing down the beach. Two figures were just getting their feet wet in the ocean foam. The bright pink lettering on Peter's shirt was a pop of color even from this far away. "We should make sure he calls his aunt, though. Don't want to freak her out."
"Neither will I,” Cap assured her. “You need to head outside, though. The smoke won’t hurt me." Cap carried her as gently as he could back to the door, laying her just outside where the air was less thick. "Does this place have an upstairs?"
“Or two,” Cap added. Not because he wanted Matt to stay longer, but just because he needed to have a few words with him before he left.
"Wow," Peter said, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly. "Uh, I guess if all of this underhanded sabotage is for their sake, I can lie to Cap and Tony about what we're up to. I've got an idea about the planting flags thing, though. What if THEY have to plant the flags for us to collect?"
Feeling unsettled, Tony turned and reached over to grab Steve’s hand. This whole incident had really seemed to leave Cap sad and silent.
"It missed anything vital, but it's still going to hurt." Bruce was trying to be reassuring, but he wasn't that good at it. He placed a hand against Loki's side to hold near the wound, then pulled the arrow out as quickly as possible without causing more damage.
"Even if you're a clone or something in the end, that isn't your fault," Bruce added, looking at him sadly. "If even you aren't sure, then someone did a good job making the fakes."
"You're leaving?" Bruce's tired, deadpan look made it clear that HE didn't think it was a smart idea.
"Such an ignorant reply," Doom said, irked. "Doom has bested GODS before..." He was leading Cap down a gloomy hallway lined with gargoyles. They turned a corner and Doom pushed open a big door, light spilling out.
Peter looked over from where he was buttoning up the last few buttons on Wade’s new shirt—gray plaid flannel that was definitely Thor-sized. The kid looked worried for Clint, too. What the hell? He’d fought so many overpowered psycho villains that they should’ve given him just a LITTLE more credit for being tough enough to handle basic day-to-day injuries like cracked ribs and a stitched up gash here or there.
“I—” Cap said, stopping himself and looking at Peter. “I suppose. Look, please at least add the bread crumbs and the minced onions.”
He couldn't remember the last time he'd had a piggyback ride, but it was a very long time ago. It was strangely nostalgic even though he had no idea where the nostalgia was coming from, and he turned his head to one side, resting a cheek heavily against Steve's hair.
"Whoa--thanks, I forgot!" Peter took the offered ice-cream and shot Hawkeye a smile. The archer had seemed extra irritated all morning, especially when he and Peter and Dr. Banner had been shopping. Maybe he missed the Hulk.
With a hiss, the door to the room slid open and Ms. Marvel came in. She spotted the phone in Thor's hand and raised an eyebrow.
“Uh, nothin’. Just forgot my sunscreen,” he lied thinly, glancing at Bruce, his eyes drifting to the man’s regular clothes. “You know, I have a couple of spare shirts if you want to wear something that won’t make you SWEAT to death.”
“I dunno, I didn’t look for ‘clothes optional’ signs,” Clint joked, turning to go back to his luggage. Sunscreen. Right.
On the TV screen, the credits had begun to roll. A dark silhouette of what looked like a toddler was shambling its way across a bedroom floor, giggling ominously.
“I don’t think anyone slept well last night. It’s hard to rest when there’s a super villain across the lake.”
Watching the brown haired man as he worked, Clint realized that he had never noticed Bruce had freckles before. They were so damn obvious. He smirked. He learned something new everyday—even about someone he’d known for years now.
Dr. Banner was standing right there next to Hawkeye and didn’t seem surprised to see the box in the trunk, so maybe he'd just decided not to use it?
He managed to keep things to a whisper, but was starting to get nervous. Cap and Tony had been gone for a few minutes--it couldn't take that long to get hamburgers from the freezer. Were they deciding whether Wade was in fact Deadpool, the crazy mercenary they kept hearing about in the police reports? Jeez, thank god Tony didn't have his suit right now so he couldn't just jump right to the database with the face recognition software...
"By not being trouble? Carol, if you could rig some kind of field to seal off the mansion, I wouldn't have to keep such a close eye on everybody, I guess," Tony said, turning to Ms. Marvel. "Hulk ripped part of the roof off, so..."
“Peter, you’re too young to drink,” Cap told him firmly, but answered with a shake of his head. Eyes landing back on Tony, the captain got lost in his thoughts, expression frozen in a frown. Slowly, very seriously, he looked back at Peter and whispered to him. “Have you ever been in love before, Peter?”
“So, uh, how’d you guys manage in all that weather out there?” Peter asked as casually as he could. “I think I saw you get to the sandbar before the fog rolled in.”
“You have to be more careful. What if you got an infection? There’s all kinds of bacteria in the lake.”
"Just hang tight, Jarvis will give you whatever food or blankets you need, and I'll be back soon." With that, Tony actually rocketed out the WINDOW in his hurry, rather than walk to the front door.
"...You think there are surveillance cameras in here?" Pepper glanced around at the ceiling cautiously.
The middle-aged guy in the driver's seat offered a noncommittal grunt and nodded for them to get into the vehicle. He hadn't even turned the engine off.
"Tony? Are you alright?" Pausing mid step, he placed his free hand on Tony's chest to hold him steady and Tony realized at long last that he’d remained quiet.
"We're supposed to believe you two sneaked out in the middle of the night for a sandwich?" Carol cut in, stepping in to frown at him.
“Pepper called when it was my turn to drive. Um, she said that the beach ISN’T private. The vacation cabin owner just REALLY wanted your business. So, he’s right.” He gestured to Spidey.
Apparently, the super villain on the table thought that the kiss on his forehead was a bit much too. He blushed furiously and tried to shrink into the table, checking to make sure that no one saw it. Clint stared back at him pointedly.
"You say you tracked him here?" Bruce asked, frowning. "That doesn't strike you as stalking?" He glanced at Clint, then back to Wade, waving toward the driveway to the place. "Yeah, I think you’d better go."
"Then order—" Thor stopped, hand held up, and glanced at the Clints. "Chinese?" He asked quietly in an attempt to keep Jarvis from hearing him.
"I'll talk to you later," he whispered to Clint out of the corner of his mouth, trying not to break the smile to do it. He turned and dashed back down to where Cap was making the sandcastle, adding in a normal volume, "Hey, sorry, Clint's just bleeding a little, that's all."
Clint made a grunt, waving a hand in Tony’s direction before shuffling off. It was unclear if that was an ‘I’ll get firewood’ grunt or an ‘I have to pee’ grunt.
"Well, we can scan you to make sure you're not a Skrull," Tony said, "And until we get the other Hawkeye back from whoever abducted him and compare you side by side, you're going in the lock up."
Thor tilted his head, looking the Jotun over. Loki’s dark hair was absolutely soaked with the rain, and he was still dressed in earth clothing—a stylish polo shirt and expensive-looking pants that reminded Steve of something Tony would wear. His boat shoes were a strange reminder of the 1940s, too.
"Hey, how's it going, Cap? You're starting to sound your age," Tony commented, looking at him dubiously. He still had the Iron Man mask down, so the others couldn't really see his expressions, but he SOUNDED dubious. Despite his words, he reached through the bars and patted Steve's shoulder.
"Okay. Just don't freak out." The blond leaned over and kissed Bruce's cheek, pausing to smirk at him. "Did I really mess with his head that much? Hm. I'll remember that." He sat back up, casually smoothing his hair with a hand.
To Peter’s surprise, Hawkeye went willingly and both blonds charged off of the trail into the trees.
"Yeah, the Four are in trouble but Cap is, too," Tony said. "And where'd Thor go, anyway? C'mon, let's go see about that power."
“No security cameras on the mountain,” he assured himself, spearing a marshmallow on a stick and holding it over the fire. He’d heard Dr. Banner talking about his favorite camping spot on the edge of a lake near here, and the bright idea to go camping had come to mind. So far it was pretty peaceful, although he’d expected Wade to spend more time with him and less time looking for firewood or being distracted by pretty birds like he’d been doing half the day.
"I'm here too," Carol chimed in. "You know. Cosmic powers and all that. I could watch one of these two."
Popping open the first aid kit and sitting it on top of the backpack, Peter pulled out some alcohol wipes and gauze and handed them to Clint.
"Ha! Maybe as a simple friend!" The Ice Giant sputtered. He laid back down, hissing and holding his side. "The noble captain was frozen for almost a hundred years—I doubt his heart has thawed yet.”
“You wouldn’t be intruding at all. The mansion is plenty big enough for you to visit,” Cap commented in passing, ducking back into the cabin.
Then there was the fact that Peter was there at all. They hadn’t planned on breaking the news about their engagement to him anytime soon. What would he think? He worked at the newspaper, he must have read all kinds of rumors about them. Cap had heard the kinds of nonsense that Jameson peddled…
“Whoa, that’s a load off!” Matt said with forced relief. “God, I was so worried! Well, that’s great news!” Standing up, he awkwardly sat his coffee aside (clearly making it as awkward as he could manage). “We should go find Wade and tell him. I’m sure he’ll be SO relieved. Wow.”
"Not alone," Bruce said again firmly. "We can't keep splitting up—the other Hawkeyes attacked you—BOTH of them. If you're alone one might try to finish the job."
"Please. D-don't," Steve chuckled, leaning on the bed and crawling to his feet. He stood up slowly, half pushing himself to his feet.
Snagging a cup from the ground, he poured it full and sipped it, grimacing from the heat as his eyes landed on a weird looking red-haired guy. The man was sitting in the chair beside Tony’s, smiling behind his excessively dark shades.
"Yeah! He had to be the hero." The shirtless blond sighed, rolling his eyes. “Not really a surprise, you know, since it’s Cap.”
Dating somebody as only your hero identity sounded ridiculous. The idea of hiding who he was and always being encased in his armor at public events was one of the reasons Tony had just told the world at large his identity pretty much immediately. Peter didn't have billions of dollars and almost as many bodyguards to protect his normal persona from super villains, though. Oh no...
Tony took the handkerchief out of his pocket and placed it on the table, ordering Jarvis to analyze it. The computer ran quite a few tests and listed out the detected ingredients in the substance on the cloth.
"He-ey Spider-Man!" Came an overly chipper voice from overhead. Johnny Storm blazed past above him, droplets of rain sizzling in the air as they evaporated on his fiery aura. The man flew a circle around Spider-Man in the blink of an eye, grinning happily as he drifted to Peter’s side. "How's it hanging?"
Before Steve could reply, a head stuck up in the window of their tent door, unzipping the cover in one motion.
"I need to see the arrow, too," Bruce murmured, holding out a hand for Clint to hand the syringe to him. He was still examining the injury and arrow on Loki. "What is it made out of, exactly?"
That’d be easy to test, Clint thought. Not that he wanted Hulk to show up, but maybe he could just try to increase Bruce’s heart rate a little…
“Are you alright, Peter?” He asked gently, looking over at the teenager with sad blue eyes. “If you need to talk, I’m here.”
Peter glanced after Thor and blushed a bit. Oh. Go figure, anybody would notice Thor's muscles in that outfit...
"I just w-want you to k-know that I would never do t-that." Steve let go of Tony's hand to pat his shoulder and smiled again. "I'd h-hate to offend y-your delicate 21st c-century sensibilities." He coughed and stood up, putting distance between them.
"Then Doom shall heed your advice, Asgardian—Thor's allies shall be freed before he is drawn out alone. And you shall also be freed with them, taken back with the others to their refuge. In return I ask only this of you..."
"If it's not, it's a REALLY good copy," Tony said dubiously, heading for Bruce's room. "We should be careful, he could be a Skrull and have all of Hawkeye's memories."
The X-man, however, was making a beeline for the subway. Probably on the way to terrify Aunt May by ripping their garage door off.
"Doom. He likes blonds," Clint grumbled, glancing past Bruce at his lookalike, then to Bruce. His eyes were the same—sky blue and sharp. "Are YOU okay? Your beard's getting long," the archer added with a smirk.
Breaking twigs and crunching dirt made the Spider Sense flare suddenly—somebody was approaching the tree, and fast!
"Your skin says otherwise," PJ Clint called over casually, wrapping his blanket back around his shoulders. He was still cold and without the blanket—the shaking had come back.
"Bleh!" The mutant (mutate, actually) groaned, spitting mud out of his mask. "Hulk sandwiches?!" He jumped to his feet. Obviously the fall didn't hurt him. "See you later, baby bug—I got some sandwiches to eat!" With that he took a single step and landed face first back into the mud and leaves that had washed up at the bottom of the roof drain.
“But if Peter IS dating a villain, we need to understand WHY before we intervene. Maybe they had a change of heart?”
“What? No, no, I owe Wade a do-over after all of this,” Peter said quickly. He’d called it, Matt felt like he was intruding. “And we didn’t plan for it, but there’s no turning back now—this’s turned into that ‘meet the dads’ trip, and I-I need you both here for that. I’m still gonna spend a weekend alone with each of you guys, I promise.”
"Or we could just wait until the power comes back on," the other Hawkeye offered, holding his light arrow above his head to better light the room. "It’s not like we're starving or anything."
"WOOOO! I need a webby thingy, man!" Deadpool cheered as they swung, waving the two hotdogs above his head.
“What does it sound like?” He asked, sitting up. “Matt says Peter’s with both him and Wade, and none of them seem to have a problem with it, either. I’m pretty sure Matt’s got no idea he’s with two super-powered people and one of them’s a dangerous mercenary crazy person.” He held up his hands again, scowling. “How the hell did this happen? Last I checked Peter couldn’t even balance dating one person his own age around the Spider-Man stuff!”
Still, he got to wake up next to Steve. Maybe getting up at this ridiculous hour would keep anybody else from barging in for a little while…
While talking (or trying not to), they’d managed to paddle out a long ways from shore. If Tony squinted, he could make out little figures moving along the beach… Until a drizzle began, causing the distant shore to fade into a fog.
"So pizza helps fevers now? That's a thing?" Tony stepped inside and smiled wryly. "Wow, you look...just horrible. Hang tight, I'll bring the party to you instead."
A cool shower had helped clear Steve’s head. As he stood by the window in his room, drying his hair, he sighed.
Clint lowered his bow, suddenly aware of the pinching pain in the back of his arm. If he ripped his stitches one more time, Cap was gonna kill him.
Since he had been revived, Cap hadn’t given romance much thought. The world was always ending, or there was some giant threat on the horizon—who had time to think about dating?
Bruce was about to reply, but got distracted by the blanket dropping to the ground. Why couldn't important relationship details arise on a day he WASN'T running on four hours' sleep for the entire last week?
“Aww,” Clint cooed dramatically, stepping over to pat Bruce’s chin with a hand. “I miss you too, buddy. We’ll find something to do. Don’t worry.”
“What has gotten into you today?” Steve asked, bewildered. “If you really don’t want to go to the lake, that’s alright I guess.”
Tony was relieved to see the resort far ahead of them on the road. Most of the drive had basically been one long lecture from Cap and Clint about how this vacation was a terrible idea and how civilization as they knew it would collapse if the Avengers weren't available for a whole week. That level of insistence had the opposite effect on Tony--he was more determined than ever to make this vacation AMAZING and make everybody else admit it had been a good idea.
"I don't 'toy'," Tony said dismissively. "A-and Cap has some pretty strong feelings for me. He said so."
“I’m sorry, Bruce, excuse me for a moment,” Steve told him quickly, heading back over to Thor and Tony. He would just ask the demigod to tie his hair back,a nd maybe he would be less recognizable. “Thor?”
“Shoot,” Matt told him, idly fidgeting with his walking stick. If Peter didn’t know any better, he’d think the redhead was suddenly nervous.
“How about tonight, at the bonfire, I try to get Tony talkin’ with some help from my friend Señor Tequila and YOU get Cap to open up?”
He and Clint had decided—well, mostly Clint had decided—to sit out there and wait for the shop to open again. Apparently those sandwiches were REALLY something. It had been pouring rain at the time, and if not for being too exhausted to walk, Bruce wouldn't have agreed to this. Now he sat there, wet and shivering on the bench and pretty sure his scruffy beard made him look homeless.
The idea that one day, somehow, they’d really have a disagreement. One they couldn’t come back from. As hard as Cap tried to be diplomatic, he found himself arguing with Tony more than he liked.
Peter gave Matt and the lady a sideways look, uncomfortable with the way they were smiling at each other. It wasn’t like he was actually dating Matt or anything, but Lola was a beautiful goddess of a woman and he was…well, Peter Parker.
"Hang in there Cap," He added quietly, stepping out of the cell to stand next to Tony. He scowled at Doctor Doom. "Keep your hands off him, Underbite."
Without waiting for Loki to respond, Thor held up Mjolnir and effortlessly made the rain and clouds roll away. Several golden sunbeams shone through on the drenched ground.
"Your plans for having kids, I think," Pepper replied, glancing back at him. The guy talked a lot, didn't he? She waved for him to follow. "Look, here's the basement stairs. I'm not risking getting stuck in an elevator..." She took a deep breath and pulled the door open.
Wade pressed his fingers around the arrow, slipping a hand into his back pocket and pulling out the tiniest little pistol Peter had ever seen.
…On the other hand, did Peter really want the God of Mischief to know who he was actually with? He was even wearing Clint’s sweatshirt at the moment.
"This is most disturbing," Thor commented, watching the screen with wide eyes. Evidently cannibal monster babies were something they didn't have in Asgard.
Peter treaded water, the Spider Sense blaring alarm bells in his head. Somehow they’d gone from quiet vacation in the middle of nowhere to two feet from a notorious super villain. What? WHAT?
"Hey, I can be tactful," Tony protested, but not very strongly. He was glancing at the hand on his shoulder. Sitting his coffee mug on the counter, he reached up to grab and move Steve's hand, continuing, "Leave it to me, I know what I'm doing."
Man, that was a lot of freckles, he thought, trying not to look at Bruce. He remembered some of his conversation with Tony and the part about him being a creep for not telling Bruce he liked him came to mind the clearest.
Maybe that was it! Maybe Clint had specific plans for their outing, and was annoyed that Bruce was messing them up. Social things had never exactly been the scientist's strong point, and being sleep-deprived really wasn't helping that any. Well, now he felt dense.
"Wait." Bruce was being pulled along by one arm, yet he reached and grabbed Clint's wrist with the other. "You didn't do this, I did."
“She’s welcome,” he heard Tony saying, “but it’ll be a tight fit with this many people in the cars. I mean, unless we stick Peter back into the trunk for the trip home.”
“Do you want some eggs, Peter?” Cap asked, ignoring Wade’s comment and turning his attention to the teenager.
“I tried, but I wasn’t sure what to say, and then Wade came over,” Cap explained as calmly as he could. What was he thinking? Peter was only 18 years old! Which, in the present day, sadly meant that he must have dated more than Cap. Blushing, he shook his head.
Bruce moved to run his fingers through his hair again, but brushed against his stubble on the way there. He rubbed his chin in slight alarm, replying faintly, "I-I forget."
Captain America was led out of the cell and down the hallway of gargoyles as he had been before. Rather than take him into the lab again, though, Doom took a different turn.
"Whoa..." He webbed his way to a higher vantage, looking around quickly for the cause of the threat. His spider sense gave him a direction most of the time...
"Let's stay calm, okay?" Bruce sat up, looking uneasy. The situation was weird, and he didn't remember agreeing to sleep in the bed, and apparently neither did Clint, but he couldn't freak out about it. There was an explanation somewhere, right?
“Tomorrow. Tonight, I get to spend hours alone with you for the first time all weekend.” He picked Steve’s hand off of his shoulder and held it, brushing the backs of Steve’s fingers with his thumb. This camping trip had gone so far off the rails so fast, but Tony was right—for the moment, they didn’t have to put any distance between them.
"Yeah, but that's a good thing." Tony smirked. "If we did, he'd probably try to attack us for him. We'll arrange to meet somewhere, and one of my conditions will be not hurting the prisoners. Doom's delusional, but he usually keeps his word when he gives it."
The tall blond chuckled. He could only imagine Doom's face when his piano was burning like a campfire. The thought warmed his heart.
Peter stared at him, processing that. Hawkeye. Hawkeye? ‘Smelled romance between you’ about him…and HAWKEYE?
"We're here," the driver said quietly. To Peter's surprise, he could clearly see Aunt May's house outside of the taxi window.
Still grumbling, he resumed his swinging. He'd told Johnny he might visit today, since it was a weekend and Peter didn't have to go to school. Aunt May thought he was doing some special report for his photography job.
The scientist blinked. Bruce swore he almost saw the archer blush...it was probably just the bad lighting, though.
If Hulk was gay and he was created off of Bruce, did that mean Bruce was gay? Actually asking him point blank felt like a really bad idea.
"Then we can smash it again." The Hulk paused with a hand on the hood of the car, turning to look at him. He was actually holding still and talking.
The large TV computer screen in front of Tony provided a very theatrical viewpoint of the Hulk chucking a train crate off into the horizon.
With the campfire and the stressful conversation, Peter hadn’t noticed that some clouds had moved it to cast shadows on the beach.
"Tony knows his limits," Bruce said grimly, tugging at his arm. It actually took leaning back for him to manage to pull Loki off of the ground, and even then the Jotun had to help him a little. "A-and, if he wants to push them, my being there isn't going to change that."
Steve didn’t know why, but the idea was a sad one. He sort of hoped that either it was just Hawkeye and Hulk that were in love or that they weren’t a couple at all.
“No, but there’s a good chance he might be a villain or a SHIELD agent. You said you’d have Jarvis take a look once we got Peter to tell us the man’s name. Tony,” Cap placed a hand on his friend’s shoulder, mostly just to ensure that they kept a BIT more of a distance between them. “Peter sounds serious about him. We need to use TACT.”
"Oh boy." Clint cringed, leaning away from the masked man. "Exactly what 'use' do you need me for, Wall-E?"
He was laying against Steve’s shoulder, wrapped in both a snuggly wool blanket and Cap’s fantastic arms. A kiss was pressed to his temple.
"Are you alright?" The blond man coughed back, straining against his chains again. There had to be some way to open them.
"Technology's Tony's first love, that's for sure," Pepper said a bit dryly. She coughed slightly, then sighed. "If pizza and lingerie can't get his attention, I've learned to stop trying and let him work. When he gets an idea, it's like he's possessed."
Clint quietly sat up, holding his side with one hand. Bruce could feel his gaze on him as he picked up the needles.
Tony was fully prepared to fake a dead sleep, but the little kiss made him feel too warm and fuzzy to ignore his fiance. Someday soon they’d be married and he’d get to wake up beside Steve, only on an actual bed. He had a feeling the five AM wake up time was just a Steve thing, though.
“Thor, can you fly up the mountain and look for Peter?” Cap asked, moving back to rest an arm around Tony’s shoulders. It bothered him that he’d been so worried about Peter that he hadn’t noticed that Tony was standing around in the bad weather.
"Tony, are you there?" Ms. Marvel's voice came through suddenly in the billionaire's ear as he rocketed through the dim morning light.
"I don't know why there are two of you, but you're both Clint to me," he said. "Let's stop the bickering."
"Then I have to wonder at your intent in telling me that you do not like to be hugged." Thor looked confused, and possibly a bit bothered by all of this. "I intend nothing but platonic fondness when I embrace you, friend. If you harbor secret feelings of affection for me, though, you must tell me. I promise I will not pass any judgments upon you."
"We never even got 'em, actually." Clint sighed, hugging onto Thor tightly. "Maybe the hunger drove him mad."
