"I thought I could save him." She finally admitted, swallowing down the swell of a fresh sob. No more crying. She refused to disappoint herself further by returning to tears. "But I nearly k-killed him. I'm as bad as they are. That’s why Frau Werner likes me so much. "
"I was about to tell you Stark, Stefen has been asked to take a tour and drum up support for the army.  The whole family has been invited.”
“They can’t figure out how you did it.”
Thankful that Bucky had decided to get straight to the heart of the matter Steve leaned forward, making as if to reach for a strudel, careful to whisper, “I've gotta talk to you.”
Bakhuizen shrugged, something tightening around his eyes.
"Well that's
“Right. I’ll be on my way then. Goodnight.”
“The Führer is adamant that we meet his expectations or find someone who can. He wants production completed in four years. He’s firm on this.”
“Get up. You mustn’t touch him.” Fischer barked, and the woman jumped back up.
Charlotte didn’t know why she was so nervous about seeing Stefen’s children again. Perhaps it was because the nature of their relationship had turned a corner. For better or for worse, now she was their father’s intended wife and in the eyes of all those invested in Captain Rogers affairs, a mother.
The look on Erhard’s face, like Tony had shit himself and not bothered to wash before going out in public, almost made Tony certain that they’d never be back to darken his door again. He knew better though.
“Knock it off Johann. You’re being an ass” he heard himself say before he’d even decided and Johann had fallen silent, more out of surprise than rebuke. Harry had laughed out loud and clapped him on the back.
“Stop! Stop we have children!” He shouted desperately.
Because Steve had tried to teach him to stand up for others and not to back down even when the odds were stacked against you. Because the chances of the Klein boys making it into Poland were better with him than without him, and that was enough reason for a good man to try.
Pavlar had been purposely infected yesterday and wasn't permitted to shower with the rest of the subjects.
—Adolf Hitler (1936)
“Artur, I think you ought to get ready for dinner” Tony announced suddenly.
Peter stuck his head inside a moment later, peering almost owlishly inside as he looked for Ian and finally spotting him curled on the sofa.
"I've thought on it, Stefen. Truly I have."
“The boy’s dragon friend came out of hiding then and the family of dragons was reunited. They lived happily for many years after that. Once home, the boy told his mother all about his adventure and after a while they grew hungry. But they were poorer now than they had ever been and when they looked around there was nothing left to eat.
“On what charges?!” She demanded.
Steve couldn’t help but glance back at Natacha. He couldn’t explain it but he wanted her nowhere near either Mueller or his nephew. He was just in time to hear her telling Emil that he had no need to win the race in her honor as she had every intention of winning it herself.
“Have a nice break Péter. Don’t forget to write!” he called with a wave as he trotted to catch up with the line and Péter waved until he was out of sight. Another sharp whistle filled the station and a loud voice announced the train headed east was now boarding. That was him. Péter grabbed his trunk and made to move toward the line that was forming in front of the ticket collector but something made him pause and look back at the little girl. She was still holding her mother’s hand, but her gaze was now on the floor, an expression so forlorn on her face it made Péter’s stomach twist.
“You tried hard, Tony.” Stanislov murmured consolingly and Tony grit his teeth. “If you ever feel up to trying again you know where to find me.”
He suddenly felt like a heel, being so short with him. Was he being cruel? Or was he simply following his own father’s example expecting far too much from the young when he should know better? It bothered him to realize that he didn’t know when the distinction between the two had begun to blur.
"Who are you?" he demanded to know and the young women jumped.
In a house this size it was unusual for the staff, especially the cook, to receive the night off but that seemed to be the case that night. Most unusually, not a single person better equipped to scrub floors and run a bath for a grubby little boy seemed to be around when Tony needed them most. Not even the damned cook! Even Pepper had been unusually hard to find and since Tony refused to whistle for her like a hound, when she did appear it was to find Tony painstakingly making his way through the kitchen carrying a full slop bucket.
That cold sensation creeping up and down Péter's spine had turned into an outright chill, deep in his bones but Pietro said nothing more about it. Silently the other boy shrugged again, climbing to his feet to follow after his sister.
“It really isn’t fair.” Tony sighed, feeling his heart beat harder in his chest. “Who gave you the right to look so gorgeous first thing in the morning?”
To whom God's love commits me here.
“What’s wrong with it? Many ethnic Germans have red hair.” Emile pointed out, and Ian heard Rita reply, just before they were out of earshot. “It’s
Cameron answered with a shrug.
Maria nodded solemnly and followed him over to the wood pile, sitting on the rug in her wrinkled shift not far from Natacha and Péter's sleeping heads. Thankfully the embers caught quick and it wasn't long before Tony managed to get a flame going again. Maria skootched closer to its warmth and smiled up at him briefly in thanks before she went back to staring into the flames.
“I never took you for such a gentleman Winter.”
He looked young, standing there with his cheeks red, dwarfed by the heavy blanket and still in the robes of a novice.  It didn't help that for the first time he looked uncertain, as if he were contemplating leaping out of the boat after Tony and shouting he was just kidding about continuing toward the waiting ship.
Every year afterward she’d lit candles for him in secret, but he’d left the lights behind him the day she was murdered.
So, Steve had been right about that part at least. Tony cared about the children. That had never been false. He’d offered up his affection for the children like a sort of balm, but it fell flat. Perhaps it had for both of them because a moment later, Tony chuckled humorlessly and muttered, "I wouldn’t be a good tutor if I wasn’t concerned with their welfare."
Tony’s eyes were pulled like magnets to the paintings adorning the wall, his gaze landing in particular on the large portrait of a ship at sea riding the wind tossed waves.
"I wouldn't trust Jurgen Hammer with a dog I hated. " Captain Arnold grumbled. "Who's the witness?"
"Fuck if we don’t Steve!" he interrupted angrily "Don't kid yourself here."
“Don’t be a fool. I didn’t recognize you, but I am German and this -” she threw her hands up, indicating the barn around them. “-is my life. I’ve seen a picture of Austria’s lion twice in my entire life, if I am being generous. City folk? They’ll recognize you. You need my help. I’ll drive you tomorrow before the family wakes and hear no more of it.” She turned away without a word and left him.
“If only emotions could be so easily wished away, Herr Stark.” Pepper sighed, smoothing back Maria’s hair, something of a reprimand and a warning behind her tone. Tony got her point he supposed but he had a plan of action and he was going to stick with it. He took Artur’s hand and turned to reach for Maria’s, who to the surprise of all readily left Peppers arms to reach back.
“Why didn’t you request more codeine?” She tutted, her hand ghosting over the hidden bruise on the side of his face.
Stefen nodded slowly, blinking back the threat of emotion before soldiering on.
“Upstairs. I’ll come get you if it’s safe.” Stefen ordered, eyes trained on the door and his tone leaving absolutely no room for argument. For once Tony didn’t feel like giving him one. He turned and left, praying that it really was just Harold, and that the nightmare of the last twenty-four hours was nearly over.
James had returned only to confirm that the family doctor Erskine had been arrested two days prior. There was no more help to be had. There was nothing to do but tend to Stefen the best they could and hope that he pulled through.
Tony opened his mouth but Stefen wrested control of the conversation away from him before he could even begin.
” Sam spoke up for the first time taking a step toward the boy. He halted momentarily at Hammer’s warning glare but set his shoulders and continued forward a moment later as if he hadn’t noticed (or perhaps, didn’t care). “Most of my family has moved on. It’s time I moved on too.”
At the greeting Bucky slowly glanced up at the children's tutor. He’d been purposefully avoiding meeting Stark’s gaze. He'd prefer to leave that problem for later in the day but one real look at Stark was enough to know that had been a mistake.
“I’d give my life three times over for you. For all of you.” he said with finality. “Promise me you’ll stay here and don’t do anything rash. Promise me.”
They’d done a few trials on rats, Tony remembered, but Bruce ultimately deemed it risky theory work. The sort Tony now understood he’d dabbled with intimately in the past.
But she had always been a practical woman and there were other things besides pride to consider in the matter of what to do about Stefen Rogers.
Bobby was the first one to spot the Rogers car and he nudged Harry. The two boys stood up straighter and waved at him. Peter gulped, his hand shaking as he reached for the door handle. He paused without turning it, breathing shallowly.
“You're such a stubborn baby, ask for help when you need it.” Her hand stilled under his jaw and she frowned at him.
“This is a contingency plan, for when the poor fools you’ve convinced to use themselves as a diversion are all dead.”
“They hide in the ant nest, pretending to be one of them so that the ants will feed them; but it’s very dangerous because if they don’t do all the right things, then the ants know that they’ve been tricked, and then they eat the caterpillars.”
"No! No. You’ve shaved off enough years of my life. You keep a safe distance."
The Avenger was a beautiful vessel if Tony didn't say so himself.  Steel boned and constructed of his very own high strength plywood. Her cherry wood gleamed brightly in the pale winter sun, her name standing out boldly in gold script. She had two long benches in the back where six men could sit comfortably with moderate leg room, and an enclosed cockpit large enough for two to man the controls.
He sniffed and said stiffly, “Of course I was.”
“It’s just that… what if we’re not here and I never get them back? They’re just pictures, I know they don’t replace the real thing but…” Péter trailed off. “They’re important to you.” Tony filled in and the boy nodded.
“I prefer whatever stops people from getting hurt the fastest.” He snapped. “Forgive me for not feeling all that confident that putting a rifle into the hands of Stefen’s eight-year-old son would achieve that outcome.”
The cook clucked her tongue sympathetically, and the request kicked her into gear like a soldier given orders.
“You’re sure he was present?” Tony’s irritation withered away at the pang of guilt at the desperation in Bucky's voice. Stefen had been hallucinating people who weren’t there for days, often holding conversations with some Tony and Bucky only he could see.
Please, Stefen, please… he thought in a jumble, but all that came out of his mouth was a mess of hitched gasps as his fingers clawed at the man’s back.
“And he says I was the one raised by wolves.” Bucky added, purposely saying so with a mouth full of ham.
They looked proud as peacocks up there, so much older than the last time Bucky had seen them and yet still the same. Tacha looked so regal it almost made him sick with pride but the foot slowly tapping against the floor and the barely discernable sway of her hips gave her away. That freckle faced little girl who dared anything and hated to lose to her brothers was itching to come out of this new grown up skin and it made Bucky smile.
His evenings were spent with his family, and occasionally Charlotte whom Steve was relieved to see unaffected by the children’s addition to their limited time together. A gracious and practical woman to a fault, Steve had to agree with Bucky that she’d likely make a fine mother.
He listened solemnly as she continued, her tone and her step still light as they walked, “Some people, are gardeners like Sam. They nurture, defend, and toil, even when it hurts, because they can’t help but want to watch something grow. A flower can’t thank the sun for nourishing it, but it turns it’s face towards the sun as it blooms. That was all James ever wanted from father. From any of us.”
Stefen went very still, and for a long moment Tony was afraid he wouldn’t answer.
“We talked about this Tony.”
“We could have stayed with the caravan, something would have come along. I’d have babies of my own. My mother and Rachol would be alive.” He let himself say it. Finally.
“Easy Steve, easy.”  Steve thought he said. It was harder than it should have been for him to decipher Tony’s speech. It sounded slurred in his ears. He was slumping against Tony he realized and that couldn’t be comfortable. Steve struggled to stand up straight. Tony’s hands were stroking over his arms, his voice was humming very soothingly. “It’s okay Cap, I’ve got you.”
wouldn’t be received well considering that from their point of view, their father had started having headaches and then nearly did drop dead.
She released him, but only to slap him hard against the shoulder and demand to know what he thought he was doing. “Do you want to give me a heart attack? I haven’t slept a wink because of you. I’m too old to worry so much. Look at you! Has this woman not fed you?”
But what caught Tony’s attention was the small stack of books and magazines closest to the edge, near the door. Standing up on a stack of aged looking tombs was one with a dark blue cover engraved in bold script.
"Artur's right though." James bleated, to Steve’s right and he turned his head to meet his son’s familiar pouting expression. " We should have had it up already so the christkind could leave us our presents. What if she's passed our house already?"
Both he realized, gritting his teeth.
The door was locked. As it should be. But it didn’t help to think it. Not with the stillness pressing down on him. The blank darkness in every window that even shutters could not hide. The lack of trace or trail leading to or from the door but his own was too much.
did he insist upon holding himself aloof? Pure stubbornness, Tony decided observing the man as he silently ate his dinner, doing very little to engage in the conversation Bakhuizen kept up with the children despite Ian’s longing looks and shy attempts to rope him in.
He’d managed to stumble a few feet on his own before it really sank in, his mind slowly but surely getting clearer with the muting of the pain in his body. Dvorak had given him morphine. He was telling him to go because he was letting him go.
There was no understanding the rush of nostalgia for those days unless one had lived them. Back when it was him, the other boys, and the goulash rat who had found himself in their midst. No one knew what the next day would bring, but everyone knew their place, who they were and where they had to go. How to survive together.
Bucky risked stopping long enough in the town of Buckenhof to stop in at the local pub and seek out news. If the Germans were still trying to keep Steve’s escape under wraps it meant that Steve was still out there somewhere. But the question was where? He couldn’t have made it much further, not with his injuries, and was likely holed up somewhere; but Bucky couldn’t risk asking too many questions of the wrong people.
She blinked away the itch in her eyes and observed the table once more.
"You smell like smoke." Natacha pointed out, quiet and low, one pale hand gripping his coat sleeve, her blue eyes fraught with worry.
“What about school? Don’t you still have to pack?”
A few things before you jump in. PLEASE NOTE. This chapter touches briefly on sex work and sexual assault, which may be triggering to some. There is nothing graphic, and no non-con that happens, but the attitudes around the subject that some of the characters express may be hurtful or offensive. They are not meant to reflect my own attitude on women, their bodies, sex work etc. but rather some period typical attitudes on those subjects.
Or, Steve highly suspected, it could be a healthy mix of both. Either way something would have to be done. Steve couldn’t lead the coup if the Germans had him on another propaganda tour.
“Your grandda, my father, he was not a... good person. He was a lot like the Führer."
For a moment, the captain’s gaze went distant, and then it sharpened again, Stefen’s face darkening.
"And if not?" Tony asked tersely, furious to learn that the Jews were being blamed for that night.
Steve nodded, reaching into his pocket for the notebook he kept. “I have clearance to a certain level of information. Enough to know that shortly I am to be promoted and assigned to the First Mountain Division.”
Slender hands reached down and tugged roughly at the hem of her skirt, hiding her banged up knees from view. Steve looked up, his eyes catching hers. Her expression was smoother than glass, giving away no hint of anything, and though it was Tony’s question she answered, her eyes continued to hold Steve’s. She was challenging him, but only she knew the stakes and the rules of the game.
Bucky turned away from him, glowering out the opposite window. Steve let him. He could muster up no fear or offense at the harsh words because the simple fact was Bucky was right, and Steve knew that even so Bucky would be behind him the entire way.
Father stopped short, the baroness barely managing to keep from colliding into his back, his expression unreadable from were Natacha peeked out at them.
“My point is Captain,” Tony sighed. “Your children want nothing more than to know the world and their place in it… and that starts at home. Don’t think that they don’t need you to be there, to take an active role, just because you put clothes on their back and keep a roof over their head. They could do without those things in a pinch… but they can’t do without their father. This I know for a fact.”
"Stay outta where you don't belong, Stark. Stefen might have been dumb enough to leave you with a key but -"
"If you'll wait here the Captain will be with you shortly," the Weasel simpered. Hammer turned his back and headed towards a set of doors to the left the heels of his shiny shoes clicking as he walked.
No. Steve thought. Not at the order of the Reich and not at Tony’s expense.
“Know what?”
Péter raised a hand to touch the throbbing swell of his cheek and winced.
take the grace of God to help you raise seven children on your own. Ret would burn the house down in a day.”
Charlotte's sitting room was large and feminine, decked out in the latest fashion yet somehow still holding all the nostalgia that Austrians seemed to favor. The furniture was expensive but strong and elegant, much like her. She’d had her drapes opened to let sunlight spill into the room. The sounds of the city outside the iron gates that surrounded her home filtered in through the window. Steve straightened his posture, realizing only as his back pained him that he'd been trying to make himself smaller within the grand room.
Peggy had liked to hear him play. And even after… when it had become too painful to look at it anymore, he’d been unable to throw it away like he’d thrown everything else.
“No. A good soldier.”
Dvorak snorted, shuffling the newspaper on his lap. There was a voice in the back of his mind whispering caution. One did not live as long or rise as high as Dvorak had by not heeding such voices; but one also didn’t get very far without taking risks. The trouble was knowing when and where to take them.
They’d be safest in Vienna until either the sickness had passed, or their father had. Whichever came first. Numbly Charlotte picked up the receiver and placed it to her ear, waiting for the line to correct to the operator.
"No, I’m going for my exercise in the garden, and then I have a morning meeting in town. Don't have the children wait."
And then he moved around Tony, leaving him there blinking after him sluggishly before the normally quick witted monk finally realized the captain intended to answer the phone, conversation done.
For a terrible lurching moment, he felt lost in that sea of sound and moving bodies until a sharp whistle pierced the din and silence reined once more. Steve's eyes met Tony's, filled with relief.
After breakfast was consumed and their bellies could not possibly hold any more, the children ran to get bundled up in their coats. In Artur's case he dogged along at Steve's heals while he fetched his, chattering a mile a minute about what type of tree they had to find.
He’d snorted through his tears but couldn't get enough breath through his laughter to tell Bruce that what he sang in his accented german was not in fact a lullaby for a child but a love song for the lovesick.
dancers, had created opportunities for local unseasoned dancers, who stepped up to fill the gaps. Despite the cold, the threat of war, and everything else, people carried on, trying to lift each other’s spirits. They went to the ballet, because they were all in the mood for a little beauty to transport them out of their worries.
Under cover of darkness the team would spread them around the city while conducting their smear campaign in red paint. Before then there was strategy to consider in order to avoid police and patrols, as well as escape plans to come up with. Though usually they amounted to 'run and don't get caught'.
“Good God... Good God Stefen what are you doing?” Tony’s mutter echoed into the still attic.
“Well then, I guess you had better stick with me.”
He didn't care. That had been his favorite book. The first one. The first friend to keep him company.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter. Poor Steve continues to be an entire NF album, but hopefully he Tony and the kids will be reunited soon. And so ends the peaceful respite in Pola. The coming years will define Tony and Steve as individuals and I am so excited to share these last chapters with you.  They will be longer, as we have a lot of ground to cover, but updates may not come as fast.
Kroger was watching him now, a very focused gaze that set Steve’s nerves on edge.
Growing up, Tony had loved to irritate his father. He made no secret of that, but his choice to embrace his Italian heritage in favor of everything else, in truth, had always had more to do with his mother than Hughard.
monk.
It was a warning, He'd have been dead if it was anything else.
“I… I’m not-“Stefen began, only for his voice to fail him making Tony’s heart twinge in his chest. Stefen’s throat moved as he swallowed and finished in an unusually quiet voice. “I’m not as gifted as my children are. I don’t know what to play.”
Charlotte Shrader was a perfect match for Captain Rogers because she knew him. He was a man who carried the world on his shoulders and war in his heart. His apathetic approach to their relationship might have broken a lesser woman. Charlotte was made of stronger stuff.
"Brother Stark left on assignment. He hasn't resided here for months -" the monk began to explain until Steve rudely interjected.
The goats in the yard bleated loudly as he walked to the front door, no doubt alerting the people inside to his approach. Ian had barely finished knocking before there was a rustle of falling snow, and a voice called down from up above.
He batted away the voice of doubt, sounding painfully like Stefen in his head. Tony knew the risks. And it would be riskier still with the younger children, but the alternative was worse. Worse was keeping the children holed up like animals, living on fear and crippled by ignorance, playing god and giving them no chance without him.
“Explosion?” Steve asked, his heart beating painfully fast in his ribcage and dread making his voice dull. He couldn’t imagine how horribly wrong things would have had to go for there to be an explosion.
"He's had enough Johann, You're going to kill him!"
Tony turned to face him, nearly turning right into his arms the man was hovering so close, and his pulse quickened as one of Stefen’s hands came to settle on his hip. No pressure, just a light steadying touch, but Tony felt the heat of his hand like it was burning through his slacks.
The story does shift however, back to focusing almost entirely on them. I'm sure we will all miss the children's voices, but due to the nature of what Tony and Steve get up to during the war they are less involved.
“He can speak for himself Stefen! You heard him.” The man practically growled as he turned back on Tony. “So go on Pretty Boy, let’s hear it.”
“Children!” she interrupted, reaching across Artur to lay a consoling hand on James’ arm. “What your father and I have been meaning to tell you is, you won’t need a tutor much longer.”
“Of course!” Hammer insisted with a snap. “But the captain would be unhappy with him receiving vagrants in his home!”
Bucky snorted and asked in his own broken English (less chances of being overheard that way).
“I’ll check on Wanda and Pietro when the coast is clear.”
"What are you on about now? Of course we need more than one. I’m a good shot but I can’t pull something like that off on my own, are you nuts?!"
"Indeed." the warden snarled. "You of course understand why we will need to search you before you come any further?"
~**~*~**~
Father could hardly excuse him anymore by exaggerating his condition when all of Vienna had seen just how whole and healthy Péter was.
“It’s scarlet fever. The doctor said –“Charlotte began but Tony had already run to the windows to tear aside the heavy drapes and begin cranking them open to let in winter air.
Péter jumped, startled to find that Anamarie had vacated her spot on the grass next to Gwen and was now sitting very close to him. In the dark her upturned eyes gleamed with every flash and burst above their heads. Péter felt like his tongue weighed a thousand pounds. She smiled at him.
“We are Germans now Péter.”
“Eat up,” he announced into the silence, dabbing at the corners of his mouth with his napkin. The children turned to stare at him, waiting.
Frauline Werner didn’t jump when he opened the door and cleared his throat, though she did go completely still for the barest of seconds, her hand still tucked into Stefen’s desk drawer.
Tony cut her off before she could finish. She must be getting so tired of saying his name  like that, he was certainly getting tired of hearing it.
“Like what?” Stefen asked curiously and from where she was trailing along beside Natacha Sara began to sing, effectively ending the debate.
“No but – ”
Steve was about to reply but at that moment Frau Neumann pushed past them, nearly tripping over Ian who had crouched to examine a stack of folded fabric. The boy immediately stood up, reaching to steady her, an apology leaping off his lips.
He was growing up, god help them all.
"Tony, do you always insist on being difficult?" he drawled after a silent moment, and something warm bloomed in Tony’s chest at hearing his name cross the man’s lips once more.
“I need to speak with you Captain. It’s about the children.” Tony got straight to the point and Stefen’s brow furrowed in concern, eyes darting anxiously into the hallway beyond.
"They're firing at us!" Dr. Richter cried out, sounding slightly panicked about it and Bucky, hands gripping tightly at the wheel as he pressed the gas to the floor hollered back, " Damn it, fire back at em!"
“Billy?” Bucky questioned Stefen, further confirming Tony’s leap of logic and Stefen nodded. Bucky released a small huff of breath, but his brow furrowed thoughtfully.
Steve tucked his face into the collar of the striped shirt he wore and shuddered, shame and misery curling tightly inside him like smoke.
Tony looked away, unable to face the intense scrutiny of the captain’s eyes and picked up his cup once more. He could tell that Stefen wanted to ask him things but Tony was thankful when he didn’t. It was impossible to speak on this subject without remembering his own lonely childhood but this wasn’t about him. He could have admitted to Stefen that he’d heard the end of his conversation with Herr Bakhuizen, could have pressed the man to think of his children’s welfare and send them abroad already to secure his own wellbeing.
Tony exhaled in a hot rush against his mouth as he captured Steve’s lower lip, his hands sinking into Steve’s hair and gripping tight. Oh. That was just...that was. Steve growled as he pulled Tony closer, hungry for more of him, unable to stop himself, holding onto him for dear life as he pressed his body over Tony’s, desperate to feel him. The piano gave a fitful squall of protest as Tony’s back bore down against the keys and they jerked away from each other in shock. In the sudden quiet Steve thought he heard the sound of footsteps and both their eyes flew to the door, still just the way Artur had left it, but there was no sign of anyone in the hall beyond.
“Of course. I remember now, Natacha and Ian are over by the carrousel with General Wurters children and James made a new friend with little Heinrich. They are by the ice-cream station.” Tony answered amiably, nodding in the direction of both attractions. “Shall we collect them then?”
Professor Sieger’s eyes narrowed and he fixed Tony with a disgusted look that only halfway masked the fear in his gaze.
For Steve’s part he let it be known where he was staying and when the invitations to dinners and well to do lunches poured in he surprised Charlotte by being the one driving their social calendar for once. He sat through readings and even an opera on the sixth day.
“Not anyone.. important” Yet. Steve had no doubt the minute they caught wind of Steve's intentions it would quickly be the last thing he did. “Most likely a puppet for Schmidt, hoping to catch me trying to hand it off.”
Akana mukav tut le Devlesa:  (Romany) I now leave you to God - funeral goodbye.
“Stars are illusions.” She muttered almost under her breath. When she realized the odd looks she was getting she straightened, taking a dainty bite of pasty. “I just mean that we don’t see them as they actually are. They’re pretty only because we can’t get close to them. I don’t think I’d like being someone’s stars.”
“That’s the spirit. And if everybody’s here and accounted for, I say we’re off.”
He got to be safe, even if the Nazis did want him to build ships for them because Stefen shielded him. They had to take Tony at his word that he lacked the skills.
He held his peace.
The mad little monk sat at the end of the table with a dazed look as he clutched the coffee pitcher giving off the impression of a mother hawk clutching her eggs.
Tony had put together a program for the children to sing that told a different story. The story of a different time, a forgotten era of heroes and romances that seemed naïve to think upon now; but that the heart would always ache for.
Although it wasn’t in Tony’s official duties to mind the children after their lessons had ended for the day, it was safe to say that by now no one in the Rogers household (least of all Tony) was going to try and pretend that his duties didn’t fall somewhere messily between governess and surrogate parent. Not that Tony was under any illusions to who the real parent was and how quickly he could lose his place in the house.
Tony sighed, defeated, and slowly dragged his exhausted body from the cockpit. He shivered, as the cold wind no longer buffered by the walls of the cockpit sliced through his coat.
He’d been soft then, bright eyed, but warm and rumpled in sleepy sort of way that had Tony’s fingers itching to help undo buttons and lay down on  a bed somewhere. His fingers had been stained with charcoal.
“Half the guest list is rich old windbags and the boys who bullied Péter, because we’re all just so free to do and say what we please?” Tony gestured around at the crowd with a scoff. Charlotte slowly tapped her nimble fingers against the mug she held, appearing to consider his words.
It wasn’t proper for his staff to take such liberties with his booze and his personal space, some distant part of Steve’s mind noted, but he couldn’t be much bothered by that either. It was nice. Kind of like how it used to be before… well before.
“Soon, I’m sure. Damn but it’s an insult! We should have half the continent by now. We have the manpower. Our armies are great, and yet we wring our hands over a weakling nation barley able to stand on their knees. It's a disgrace.” Göring spat, his face blossoming red. He turned to Steve, gesturing angrily as he picked up steam again. “Wasting you on a post that is little better than minding criminals and the like. You should be outraged!”
It wasn’t ideal that the group had to spend the night at the train station but there weren’t any other lodging options for penniless refugees and Steve supposed it was a kindness that they were even allowed. The children tried their best to sleep, but Steve kept his eyes open and his ears straining for danger.
“Your cook called the girl away to help with supper and I did not wish to be more of a bother. Stefen and I are such old friends, I was sure he wouldn’t mind.” Werner waved away his concern as she marched from the room with an air of business.
“Yes, here you are.” Rogers clapped his hands behind his back and Tony wondered if the captain had meant to fall into parade rest. “My children don’t need supervision as much as they need a tutor. I trust the Abbot has brought you up to date with my children’s circumstance?”
One side of Stefen’s mouth quirked up in a smile in reply.
“Every time he doesn’t listen, every time he does something wild like this, he puts
He sighed, gripping the pen tighter between his fingers and leaning closer to the parchment as he prepared to detail his suspicions to Farkas, only he found himself hesitating.
Ian left James squabbling with Natacha and made his way to the kitchen. It smelled strongly of cider as he entered to find Willamina stooped low to peer into the stove where Ian could see a pair of cakes sat above the embers.
"Lots of men have dark hair. It's a passing resemblance," he grumbled, snatching the sketch back from Bucky and getting up from his chair.
"Just breathe." Tony urged him and Stefen complied, breathing in and out in shuttered gasps at first until his breathing slowed, deepening with each breath.
On some level Steve knew he was far from alright, but he couldn’t think about that anymore. He was shards, held together by sheer will, and he was very tired. So tired he could shatter into a million noncollectable pieces.
An hour later and the street was finally quiet.
“It seems I'm in luck then.”
The baroness was not lingering nearby as he’d expected. She must have left the confrontation behind her earlier than he'd thought. Because instead of an anxious fiancé he was greeted by the housekeeper's daughter again, the waif of a girl rising slowly from where she'd sat outside the door as soon as he strode out, her blue and white dress wrinkled and a run in her stockings.
“Stefen!” Steve jerked his head around to find Tony looking at him, his expression one of exasperation. “We don’t endear ourselves to the locals when you scare off their customers, looming like a gothic gargoyle.”
“Where’s your brother?” Tony asked Natacha as she passed the sitting room door alone, on the route towards the stairs and the girl jumped in surprise. Normally Tony would have taken delight in giving her a scare for once but the blotches on her cheeks and red rimmed eyes told him an alarming tale of recent tears. Tony was out of his chair in an instant.  “What happened?!”
He stopped in front of the girl who’d arrived late and gazed down at her quietly. She stared back  with eyes wide and neck craned up to look at her father. The captain held out his hand. She hesitated and then pulled out a small book from under her dress, placing it in his outstretched palm. Without waiting for another word she turned around and bent at the waist. Rogers swatted her lightly with her book and turned back to Tony.
“I’ll come back-” She began but got no further as Steve slumped, crumpling like a rag doll onto the old blanket covered in musty hay not far from the edge of the pen. It was dirty and sharp with the smell of goat piss but it was warm beneath him. So warm he could cry. The tears were still wet on his cheeks long after he was sucked down into exhausted sleep.
"What is the meaning of this?" Their Banner Leader, Herr Lehmann, barked as the other boys jumped out of his way, hurrying to stand at attention. The only ones who didn't move were Péter, whose head was pounding too hard for him to contemplate breathing let alone standing and Bobby, who stood at attention next to him but seemed loath to leave his place in-between Péter and Johann.
“We've got work to do.”
“Yes, Sir?” An odd answer, but perhaps some time alone with his thoughts would be in Péter’s best interest.
Natacha had been braver. She'd dived on the man trying to take their sister before Ian could unfreeze his legs. By the time he'd snapped out of the fear and thrown himself on the man's back he'd already hit Natacha twice, swelling her cheek black and blue. If he'd been braver, quicker, maybe it wouldn't have happened. But it definitely would not have happened if those men hadn't decided he and his siblings were Jew sympathizers. And it hadn't just been men. It had been boys too.
“Lovely.” She smiled once more, dismissing him to turn back to Natacha. “I look forward to hearing all about your studies. Shall we go inside?”
"If you don't mind my curiosity, Captain, how did the two of you meet?"
~*~*~*~
It was the sight of those doors wide open, the curtains pulled back so that bright afternoon sunshine spilled over every surface. It was like stepping back in time to three years ago when Steve would have come home and expected to find Peggy here, perhaps with James in her lap tinkling away at the piano while Natacha danced circles around Péter. Ian would be curled up in a chair, sounding through one of his books…
“Which country is that exactly, Natacha, Germany or Austria?” Tony rebutted with a curious lift of one eyebrow. His gaze fixed on his oldest female charge didn’t prevent him from noticing the way James’ mouth had fallen slightly open and the other children were moving their heads back and forth between him and Natacha like spectators at a tennis match.
Steve could tell the moment they arrived at the inn that he was not going to get the quiet night he’d been yearning for all evening. Bucky was sitting on the front steps, back from his travels and his face was telling Steve that he had news.
Tony returned the salute with the ease of practice.
He wasn’t naive. He knew houses like theirs had always run that way, and that some people thought there should be a greater distinction between the classes, but it was a new era. The Great War had made men equal in a way they hadn’t been before, and Péter’s parents had always approved of that change. The Klein’s had never been just staff here. They were friends, and weaved into the fabric of what had made the villa home. It must feel like a betrayal in some ways, to leave this way.
“Given your need to be away from them, I know it must pain you to learn the children were so frightened by the storm. They likely forgot Frau Hogan was so close, and it’s a good thing isn’t it that they came to me? They were terrified and now they are not. This of course eases your spirit?”
Steve clenched his mouth around the unlit end of the cigarette, allowing the acrid smoke to flood his mouth and trickle down into his lungs as he jerked his shoulder up and down in an aggressive shrug.
“I’m on my way to meet with General Striker and simply must get this in the post before then. The ladies will be so happy to hear that Frauline Rogers is to be joining them. She’s a delightful girl. You must be very proud of your student. She speaks highly of
No time. No air. No…
Steve lay there at night, letting his mind drift in and out, alternating between waves of fear and blank thoughts.
But fate was a wicked bitch. Bucky’s father used to say that all the time.
“You saved the Leshnerr Twins.” Tony’s voice was raspy, the muscles in his throat tight with tension. Steve’s eyes were too blue. Too focused. Never close enough. “You saved them because it was the right thing to do, and because they are gypsies. Rom. Your people.”
“I won’t tell them how long he’s been here.” Franz returned with a snap, but Steve could hear the thread of uncertainty in it. Steve risked looking back and saw that Magda’s gaze had gone harder. She straightened her back, her voice trembling as she declared firmly into the silence stretching between her and her brother. “I will tell them.”
“Jamie boy, you can't steal people's food. That'll get you a black eye, believe you me.”
When he spoke again the captain’s eyes had darkened, his tone taken on a fierceness that Tony hadn’t heard since his first days at the villa, but it was his eyes, bare and full of pain that cut through Tony like a blade.
“It’s Dr. Vonkov, I’ll remind you, and yes. Antony was a pupil of mine, many years ago.” Vonkov informed their host succinctly and Steve shot Tony a surprised look. The monk had certainly never mentioned
“All right who's killing-”
The motor on that thing sounded terrible. There had to be a better model out there, or better yet, better to design their own. Tony could get it running smoother. Strengthen the hoist and maybe -
He was standing at the bedside of a dark-skinned man along with two other men in lab coats. Tony was relieved to find that the trio fit the descriptions he’d been given of the two doctors, Leshnerr and Richter, as well as the prisoner Lucas Deurr.
That was one thing they could thank the Germans for. Bucky didn’t care that Steve had given Stark
“Gypsies, here?” he scoffed openly, adjusting his grip on his stack of books. With a disdainful sniff that even Hammer could have been proud of he demanded to know if the Captain had been made aware of the situation, even though he already knew very well that he had.
“Good. The children are fine, and your friend is fine too, though he does worry us all with all his barking and brooding.” She answered. Tony swallowed – a little too quickly – and grimaced.
In The Mission Part 2: Tony (because fuck Anton) and Steve part with the children, and throw themselves into preparation for Operation Thunder. Tony prooves to Agent Holmes he's not talking shit and reunites with an old friend.
"That's true.” Steve acknowledged in the same frustratingly dull tone. “That made it easier to feel better about it. I told myself we were saving ourselves, and that Bucky went along with it because he believed. But deep down I always knew the truth.”
There was another boy with Herr Klein besides Cameron. He was introduced as Daniel, the eldest. Tony couldn’t help but be glad that at least Cameron’s older brother seemed to be made of sturdier stuff.
He looked at her, hoping the way felt wasn’t in his eyes, hoping for her sake that she couldn’t see how close he was to starting to scream with no intention of stopping when the back door opened, Harold coming in from the outside with a blast of cold air.
"Does he know you're a Jew?"
Magda looked franticly between them, biting her pale lips.
He’d been in charge of the mountain men during the war, and he was not one of those pencil pushing Generals who never left their desk and handled the men like they were just dots on a map. He was a good man and a good leader.
He tried not to let it, but it always hurt the same watching Stefen pull away. It was not lost on Tony how unmoored he was despite all their best efforts. He swung into rage with little provocation, and affection when it was offered, came as a form of apology. Tony wasn’t ungrateful for the effort, but it had begun to burn. It itched at the back of his mind with wrongness. He could not devote the time to figuring out why. It was just one more thing wrong in a sea of things that needed fixing. And on the scale, ‘
happened?!”
Slight pressure on his stomach repeated an otherwise unspoken command and Steve huffed an exhausted breath of air and gave in, letting his lower body go limp. Tony kept his legs from crashing to the floor and slowly eased them down, keeping the protest of his muscles to a frustrated shout instead of the scream of agony that it could have been.
“When is Uncle Bucky coming back?” he asked after a few minutes of silence.
A thrill of anticipation went through Tony as he held the small scrap of cardstock in his hands, staring at the solicitors tight and neat little letters as the doors opened up inside his mind. Each one rife with new possibility.
The merchant ship was just one of dozens that passed through the river port on their way to the sea hauling their cargo from one port to another, but Ludy knew it well.
Tony pushed at Steve’s shoulders as he said it, not trusting the captain to do it on his own, but Steve must have seen his acquiescence in his eyes because he melted back against the bedding, smooth as butter. He waited, expectant, but soft and easy with trust and Tony found it difficult to breathe as he struggled with the belt on his trousers.
At the sound of Stark’s voice Steve shook his head and straightened his spine, gathering himself. He managed a feeble smile.
“Major.”
James blinked up at him in surprise as Tony sat the roll back on Ian's plate without comment, making his way over to Maria who was dragging her elbow in her meat sauce.
It wouldn’t come to that, he thought with panic, trying to collect his thoughts. Alright so Steve had made his bride a bridal necklace. He’d done crazier shit. This was a good sign. A strange one, but from a good place, Bucky decided.
Bucky looked back at him, his eyes squinting in the early morning light.
“I’ll still miss you,” he blurted, still smiling. It was important to say that, he thought, just in case Da didn’t know.
Damn it! This was why Steve had kept the children at home.
have killed her. Wrong, wrong, wrong. Why did he keep choosing wrong?
But hell if he trained Maria to be nothing more than a forgettable singer with a great chest. She wanted to sing? Tony would train her up into something truly great! No use doing something half way. No doubt his eyes had taken on a mad gleam because Pepper cleared her throat loudly.
“We can’t all live with our instrument glued to our hands.” Stefen taunted with a small smirk as he lifted the mandolin closer to his chest, clearly getting into position to play.
“So!” Tony plopped back down in his seat, clapping his hands together to gain their attention. “It has come to my attention that I may have a lot to learn about this whole teaching thing. It’s my first time, what can I say? But I’m quick witted. I’ll get the hang of it. In the meanwhile I’m going to need your help.What is it everyone wants to learn?”
“We’ll lean against the wall here.” Steve jerked his head toward the house and drew Tony with him by the elbow.
’ he thought, with a hollow pang in his chest. It was followed by a familiar flash of guilt for standing in the place of whatever Jew would have stood there if not for him and his family; but it fell down into the pit where all his emotions rested, growing cold. Steve turned back to the railing and looked down at the floor below.
He wasn’t sure what he was hoping to hear but he was pretty sure he’d know it when he heard it. It had meant everything to Steve, keeping the kids out of society as it had crumbled around them. It would kill them both, to watch them get plugged into the Nazi machine… to lose them.
He taught her what to do if a man tried to get on top of her; the importance of waiting for the right moment, and how to jab and yank to cause the most damage.
~*~*~*~
She snapped her mouth closed, biting back the threat of tears because he sounded ashamed (of her?) and sad, and tortured, and he wasn’t supposed to be any of those things! She was supposed to help him and make him happy, but she’d failed.
“These are the men I was telling you about.” he explained to the girl, flicking his eyes around the room at the dozen or so bodies scattered around it. Harrison waved when her eyes landed briefly on him before going back to Bucky. Vis continued on, “This gentleman here will be leading you. His codename is Winter.”
They were too old to fuss but he could feel the way Péter and Tacha deflated, their eyes dulled as if they’d expected such an answer from the first.
He heaved a sigh, nodding gratefully at Bruce as he sat up from where he knelt on the floor and unceremoniously dropped the rag he’d been using to clean into the bucket beside his knee. His black robes were damp and his hands were wrinkled. He gave his hands a token glance, noting that some of his old cuts had opened and were fairly stinging from the soap. If he was at all mindful of his health he ought to have Bruce take a look at it, but it was late and the quiet reclusive monk who ran the infirmary looked more than ready to find his bed. Although it was undoubtedly Tony’s preferred punishment poor Bruce was always having to suffer whenever someone found a reason to be mad at him (which truthfully, was probably way less often than he deserved).
"How much I need you.” Stefen responded through gritted teeth, censure dripping in his words as he baldly admitted, “If you knew you wouldn't ask something like that."
Steve took control of the situation by grabbing the headset away from Bucky and handing it back to Tony.
“Do you think he’s dead?” he heard Natacha whisper to Péter late one night, out of earshot of the younger children whom had fallen asleep on the bed to a slightly embellished story from Tony’s youth about the time he and his best friend Rhodey had nearly drowned searching for lost treasure in the cove. They were still sleeping altogether in the big bed downstairs, but Tony thought he might start insisting they go back to splitting up at night. For their own good and for the good of his poor back. The chair was not a comfortable place to rest.
Saying goodbye to the children and leaving them behind in Salzburg was harder than Tony had anticipated it would be. While he trusted Pepper to keep the house running and see that the children made it to their youth programs for two days, Tony loathed to leave her in the middle of Ian and James continued row, and just when Sara was going through an independent phase and was prone to throwing fits if one didn’t allow her to dress herself or suggested that she wear a nappy while she napped in case of accidents.
“It’s a beautiful gift, Stefen, but you need to keep them.” Tony said quietly against his ear, squeezing his hand gently once more. When Stefen drew in a breath to protest, Tony shook his head. “I can’t take this from you-” but Stefen interjected, twisting his torso until they were eye to eye once more, and dropping the compass Tony had gifted him into his lap to catch Tony by the wrist with both hands.
The oldest girl Natacha and then Ian, and then Archer and the others joined in until the sound of their voices had filled the car.
“I remember one.” Stefen finally answered.
child started speaking again.
He could hear Hammer sneering at his back.
It was only snowing lightly so Natacha and some of the other children were making the most of the hours before dinner exploring the grounds. Charlotte and Frau Zemo trailed along somewhere behind them, because Father had nearly forbidden them to go and caused a scene until Charlotte had insisted she was dying for fresh air and to do some exploring of her own.
“I tore the good one. Antonia is mending it for me.”
"What is it? We're very busy here." He snapped, eyeing Tony and his scarlet clad figure with distaste. "Wolfe, you must tell the warden I don't have time for these distractions. It interrupts my work!"
"God in heaven."  Jann muttered the prayer under her breath and Charlotte smiled wanly, with no mirth behind it. She reached inside her purse for the map she'd come to deliver, which had been folded neatly into a small pocket square, easily slipped into the brunettes' hand along with a few coins. Anyone who happened to be watching would only see a wealthy woman providing charity to a beggar.
He wondered if he might be sent to eat in the kitchens. He wouldn’t mind that too terribly. Almost reminiscent of his boyhood, when Hughard would be irritated enough to send him from table and he’d join Rhodey and the maids for their dinner. He’d always been far more comfortable with the servants than at table with his parents and their guests anyway.
He cringed but didn't have too much time to dwell on how silly that sounded because to his great surprise, Natacha lunged across the room in a few quick strides and threw herself on him. He nearly fell to the floor as her weight settled against him, her arms winding around his neck and squeezing tight as she buried her face against his shoulder with a long violent shudder.
"Let me help you with the soup." she replied, stepping out of Herr Hogan's embrace and away from them both, aiming for the stove. "I know how Bucky likes to make it."
He'd fallen asleep almost as soon as he'd put his head down, only to be jostled awake before the sun rose when the police had come to question the abbey brothers about the breakout at the prison.
So much time out in the sun was bronzing her skin and had brought out a smattering of freckles on her nose. It had been a few years but he was glad to see that hadn’t changed.
Bucky practically slammed the attic door behind them and marched down the stairs like a herd of elephants. He was annoyed about something but then again he was often annoyed when it came to Stark so Steve was resolved to just let him stew. In many ways, Steve understood that stewing about the subject of Stark was just easier for Bucky than some others.
“Poor woman.” Karlina murmured bustling over to the kitchen. She was still muttering to herself as she began to search through her cabinets. “Yes, I think I still have some left over from when you caught bronchitis last year Dagmar. Ah yes! Here it is.”
“Soldiering. Did you imagine it would look like this?” Fischer repeated. “I didn’t. I imagined far more glory and much less paperwork.” The doctor chuckled humorlessly.
“Hello again,” he called down to the child.
"They told us not to use that name... that it was not safe outside of Dachau."
Steve sat, heaving a breath as his ribs protested. The pain was good, he reminded himself, a needed reminder of the dangers of his situation. It would be so easy to forget, lulled into a false sense of security by the familiar and therefor comforting sights and sounds of the cafe.
“How do you know you’re the best?”
------<>-------
“Hello,” Steve murmured in greeting. His voice was not as strong as he'd intended and Péter hesitated, his expression closing off before continuing up the steps towards him.
“Maria would love those dolls.”
His girl had become
One side of his mouth tilting upward in a nervous smile, Stefen uttered words that rocked Tony’s world like an earthquake. He made them look and sound easy as he moved to set Tony’s gift to him on the nightstand with care and turned back toward him, one hand reaching and touching down gently on Tony’s shoulder. Tony could feel it shaking finely with weariness from the day’s activities through his shirt, but Stefen didn’t act as if it mattered. He stared at Tony with such focus, such naked adoration it was impossible to deny him when he finally asked, “May I?”
It was a fair question. He’d not been in Steve's room in years. It had been Steve and Peggy’s room then, and if Bucky had gone in it was mostly to tease Peggy from the doorway as she sat by her mirror.
Bengalo meesh  (Romany) Stupid cunt
Charlotte nodded to the other woman with a serenely fixed smile on her face. “You sang quite a lovely set Frauline, I can see why James patrons you.”
Steve closed his eyes, embarrassment heating his face.
So they floated.
“It’s been an honor, Captain.” Coulson admitted with quiet admiration, a bare faced sort of awe Tony had never before witnessed on the abbot’s stalwart right hand. They were birds of a feather, Tony thought with another pang of loss. Everything Filip did in his service for the Abwehr, Tony imagined was for King and Country. Even if it had been decades since the monarchy had fallen apart, as long as there was still an Austria, there would be men like Agent Filip Coulson protecting her interests.
Steve gently pulled his arm free, silencing them all with a stern look.  He didn’t wish to leave them, but necessity demanded it and it wasn’t going to be any easier if everyone carried on like the world was ending.
“You didn't go out and work with him?” Tony had always pictured them inseparable. Like peas in a pod.
“You did didn’t you? Father, I think Uncle Bucky ate something bad!
“You can’t… lock me up Captain. Spent too many years locked up already,” Tony pulled back just long enough to pant, before he surged forward again, gripping Steve’s head in both hands and taking his mouth hungrily like he was starved for it.
April 1939
Tony smiled fondly at the memory sipping his coffee as he turned from his view of the garden to glance back into the kitchen where Willamina was now scolding a kitchen girl for leaving the bread to toast too long.
“I aint telling Stevie shit.” The taller man’s dark eyes glinted with an odd mix of challenge and mirth as he grinned at Tony, all teeth. “I’ve known that idiot since before he could walk. First word he ever said to me was no, when I stopped him crawling too close to the campfire.”
Just a few more months and then his family would be safe, and then he could let go. Unleash his fury upon the Third Reich and avenge those he’d loved. It was a good way to end things.
All of the children were clearly well studied. Too well studied in Tony’s opinion. They sat in their chairs behind their desks as if they expected to spend their lives there, eyes glazed as they answered his questions in subdued monotone like monks chanting well known hymns by route (Tony should know).
So much for pulling the bandage off quickly, he thought. He pressed the bell again, then again. Really? The service here was quite-
“Is that all it takes to improve your temperament, a few hunks of steel?”
Stefen’s gaze lifted up from his lips, burning with a naked longing that made the words stick in Tony’s suddenly dry mouth. It was such romantic drivel. But the words had touched Tony all those years ago and there was something so wonderful about learning they had touched Stefen too.
“That all depends.” Tony replied with a delicate sniff, fighting for his equilibrium back. “I understand that Bruce Banner has been placed here as Chaplin.”
“The captain rang while you were out. I told him you’d call as soon as you returned.” She’d said and Ian, eyes going wide with excitement had grabbed Tony’s elbow.
“I won’t let you do this!” she insisted, her voice growing dangerously in volume as her fingers dug into his sleeve.
Secondly, we just wanted to give you a brief overview of what you can expect going forward. Would you believe we have already passed the half way point? The narrative is split into three distinctive arcs and we're only a few chapters from dropping full tilt into the third wave. If I had to give this final push a title I'd call it "The War" which should tell you everything you need to know. This is also where the story deviates the most from Sound of Music and comes to resemble what we both love most about Avengers fic. In it, you're going to see Tony and Steve both emerge as heroes in their own ways, but it's going to cost them in ways they can't yet imagine. War is dark and given present times, we both felt strongly that it was important not to hide from what made this particular war dark and so important to fight. That said, it won't be all shadows. We promise moments of light and continued fluff, as well as visits (large and small) from some beloved characters we felt would enrich the world we've created. You may have spotted a few visitors already.
“Put this on. Hurry.” Magda threw the coat at him and Steve caught it before it could hit his face, gripping it tightly between his trembling fingers. Gone. Tony and the children might still be alive. At the cabin. Waiting. But they couldn’t wait long. Soon they might be gone for good.
There in the dream, Tony knew exactly what to do. How to touch. How to pull Steve outside of himself until he was just a shaking mess, empty of all thought accept for the need of more. Tony’s not afraid. Tony will take care of him. Tony would -
“Whatya think I’m new at this?” he growled. “Relax Stevie, I ran into the girl on the street. Couple pricks in police uniforms weren’t taking no for an answer. I always rescue a lady in distress.”
Had he said thank you? He doubted it. Six days later and he was still barely able to say much of anything, it was exhausting just staying awake for a few hours each day. But slowly he was healing. It was exactly as the woman had said, nobody came for him and though he sometimes heard their voices drifting in from the outside, neither of her parents seemed aware of his presence there. He was alive and he was healing and that was all that mattered. As soon as he was strong enough to brave the elements and venture his way back to his family he’d go.
I’ll say! I nearly died up in those godawful mountains and they made it seem like a lark!
Artur pressed his lips tightly shut as he accepted the wooden box from Tony, almost too small for it as he immediately had to set it down. The effort at quietness was ruined by how eagerly he bounced on his toes breathing heavily with barely contained excitement and by the excited exclamations of the other children as they gathered around it. In the habitat Mon Ami croaked and Maria giggled. Artur jumped up and down in place and said in the loudest whisper Tony had ever heard, “Mon Ami is the best frog ever! And now he has a house so he won’t get lost.”
Even in the dim lighting he saw when that white eye rolled toward him like a dart and stuck, and he flinched back. Tony stepped forward, pushing Péter behind him in an almost protective gesture.
~*~~*~
There was some shuffling and then Artur was being lifted in his father’s arms and then with a flex of muscle and a push the boy was airborne, momentarily appearing weightless in the sky before gravity kicked in and he plumped back into strong arms and the soft cradle of water. He looked elated with the experience, like he’d just achieved space flight.
He couldn’t help but be suspicious. The woman was clearly nervous and wanting to leave the shop as quickly as possible. She was also wearing a shawl much too thick for late summer.
“Forgive me, General Schmidt, but I thought we were going to skip the small talk.” Steve replied, surprised at the neutral quality his tone kept.
“Except that if your information is correct, my husband is now deeply involved in a dangerous experiment that he cannot condone; but you know better than anyone the Reich leaves us with few choices. Conformity or rebellion is all there is Stefen. And much as I would like there to be, there is no middle ground. Not here.”
“Because you didn't ask-”
Bucky sat the tray down over Steve's papers and glared at him.
For a frantic moment Steve tried to recall the date, before becoming angry with himself and banishing the thought.
“That’s enough from both of you. It’s Christmas Eve. Virginia will kill you both if you’re not on your best behavior.”
That was it.
“Sir?” The desperation in her voice stilled him.
James let out a sharp shriek and Tony whipped around, muscles already tensed for a dive, just in time to see James landing in his father's arms with a grunt of laughter, water spraying everywhere.
“Better be quick about it Stark. We need to get the kids fed and dressed if they’re going to have enough time for lessons before brunch. Stevie wants them to make a good impression.”
A/N: So the last leg of the journey has begun. Who needs a blanket?
“If you don’t pick up that pistol Ian I swear,” Bakhuizen sighed.
“Yeah. I heard. How do you feel about that?”
The girl lifted her face from the officer’s shirt sleeve and her watery eyes met Tony’s.
And all of their eyes followed him and charlotte, slithered over his children, gazes peeling back the layers of lies Steve had built up for defense. His family wasn’t safe, and that more than anything made it harder and harder to head his own continuous demand to just breathe.
The truck full of soldiers was sticking half out of a deep crater, nothing but a burning ruin behind them where great plumes of dark smock was rising from the wreckage.
“I said it was a surprise, Dobas. Jesus, Mary and Joseph you're no better at understanding commands now than when we were soldiers.”
Tony grinned at her. He had no doubt that Natacha Rogers could do anything she set her mind to.
damn it, and they did not have –
So that’s what this was about.
Tony poured the dirty water onto the bare patch of dirt just outside the kitchen door, sighing at his ill luck that the servants would have the day off the exact Saturday that Artur and three of his siblings to come up with the idea to try and make bricks out of mud because they all wanted to be stone masons.
*~*~*~*
All he had to do was grumble about patrol duty as he passed the pair of boys guarding the main street, and once he was zipping down the side streets none of the people he passed with the bright yellow stars stitched to their clothes dared to so much as catch his eye, let alone question him.
“But we don’t have any puppets!” James decried and Tony nodded solemnly.
~*~*~
She drew him back down and he made no resistance, the wine churning in his belly as she pressed her lips to his cheek. Tony swallowed back the lump in his throat. In that moment he was five years old again, bouncing into the kitchen in her old house, the smell of clove, frying oil, and pastry heavy in the air, her smooth powder soft cheek pressed to his as she hugged him close.
It didn't look good. By the time Péter and Tacha were done with the soup and it had cooled down enough for their father to drink, Tony and Bucky had given father a sponge bath with Herr Hogan's help and the baroness and Frau Hogan had retired to their rooms for the night.
James was making a fuss again. Not a full on fit the way he used to, but what Tony liked to call one of his productions. He just wanted attention, Ian knew, and he’d do anything (even pretend he didn’t know how to dress himself properly) just to get it. It wasn’t right. Babies did that, and it just made things harder on Tony who was already getting tired of them.
There was no gentleness in the kiss. It was demanding and rough, too much too quick, and it was Tony who tore his mouth away first - to preserve what wits he had left – pushing at Stefen's chest grateful when the man stumbled back enough for him to stagger away from the door and put some much needed distance between them.
“Yes, Sir. But if you don’t believe in what you’re fighting for what is the point? The system is not all bad. We all want to bring Germany back to its former glory. Hitler is not the man to do that, I agree, but we are all here because we love Germany!”
Part two. Once again, heavy warnings for violence, antisemitism, child endangerment,  and an additional warning for dub-con. Steve is not intentionally malicious here, but both he and Tony are in a state of duress and the lines of consent get crossed. I think we've made it clear what Tony decides he needs in that moment but that doesn't make it right. In other words, don't try this shit at home. I'm serious, don't try any of it.
Steve shut his and shuddered, trying to block out the image from his mind.
He did not take his eyes away from Tony’s, not because he wasn’t scared, not because he didn’t want to; but because he felt that if he looked away something terrible would happen.
practically making his body vibrate.
“That had crossed my mind.” Stefen drawled, his usual pollish giving way to country breeding with a positively boyish grin and Tony’s heart squeezed in his chest. No. He shouldn’t even consider it. He had a low profile to keep. He should not be going to dinner with Nazis in Berlin of all places. Was he mad?
Tony whirled around, carried by a sudden surge of impotent rage. He had no idea what he would have done or said, what he could possibly have said, that wouldn’t have ended with them coming to blows or pushed Hammer into some bitter form of retaliation that could involve police. Tony didn’t need proof to know it was him who’d reported on the twins, and he had no idea why Hammer hadn’t attempted to get Tony arrested since – but Pepper’s fierce warning glare wasn’t at all misplaced.
He’d asked for every detail of his children's movements and he’d gotten it, down to an equation summarizing the amount of hair Natacha had pulled out while brushing her hair that morning.
Tony reached to flip the latch and pushed the window out as far as it would go on its hinges.
at their fingertips too tantalizing to stay still.
“Alright. What are you hiding?”
Tony flinched and just hoped Holmes didn’t catch it. This was the furthest thing from a game to Tony. This was war, and this was how you won wars.
“Sara broke that code when she fell in love with a potter from Zadar who was as fair of face and hair as she was dark. Though her potter was willing to travel with them and teach his craft, when she became pregnant with a baby boy her caravan was very angry. They called him
My favorite were the dancing girls.” Bucky answered winking down at James who beamed up at him and went on a story about how Tony had said he’d designed their bosoms too big, but James thought they looked better that way; just like the women at the opera. Bucky laughed, and squeezed the boys shoulder.
Bucky hadn’t gone to her. Hadn’t made sure she was safe. He’d gone with Stark instead. For Steve. Always for Steve.
Thankfully, it wasn’t long when they arrived back at the villa that they were greeted by Pepper, who informed him promptly that the order had come just as expected. They could ring Joshua Klein and have him out there the very next day.
will tell if someone is here. Do you trust him to tell you the truth more than me?” Magda’s voice rang out, filled with agitation. And fear. Steve could hear it though she tried her best to hide it. His muscles clenched tighter in an effort to keep still. It was dark and musty under the blanket, the air thick with dust and straw tickled in his healing lungs.
“You don’t do too much that surprises me anymore, Tony.” Stefen answered back in Italian.
There were only three things on Steve's mind (circled around as if it was tied to a merry-go-round) and in no particular order.
“Those X-men?” Bakhuizen asked, craning his neck to read the headline upside down. He was referring to the group of revolutionaries who went around defacing public property and leaving anti-nazi news leaflets for public consumption, full of scandalous rumors about government practices and urging public resistance.  No one knew who they were or how large the group was but their signature red X painted over buildings and signs had been spotted in cities large and small from here to Vienna.
They had seen little of each other since the borders had tightened. The ban on jazz and American music had taken a toll on Bucky and his business. The young musician had taken to producing music through the cafes and nightclubs, traveling back and forth between Berlin, Vienna and Budapest. He’d been restricted to Budapest after border crossing had tightened in the last year.
Steve gritted his teeth, fighting the words that leaped to his tongue that he’d rather see his daughter dead first. What kind of father would say something like that? He thought, as shame flooded through him. And how could he mean it?
“What happened?” he prodded gently when the silence had stretched too long and Banner’s face twisted in a mockery of a smile.
"I need to speak to the abbot!" Steve cut him off again and the monk's expression soured.
All Steve wanted to do was tell Schmidt to stay the fuck away from his children if he knew what was good for him. But Schmidt still held most of the cards, as he like to remind Steve at every opportunity.
"I worry for them too."
He didn't know where to look and feeling unbalanced he looked up at Stark once more, willing him wordlessly to take over.
“We need to get back. The children –” Steve had already let go, the entirety of his focus shifting to getting down to the music room as quickly as possible. He had to go. Had to see. But Tony still held his hand and hadn’t budged forcing him to stop when their arms pulled tight.
He wouldn’t sneak back to his study either. For one night at least he refused to be a waif slinking around in his own home in the dead of night.
God help him. Tony cleared the block in his throat.
Which meant there weren't options.
“They need clothes. That is -” Steve cleared his throat and tried again. “They have clothing of course. They need new ones.”
What sort of man threw that away? His mind flashed to the salacious accusations Hammer had made and wondered. He thought back to the words he and Stark had traded at his departure. He remembered the determination that had set over the man's face, and the way he'd wished him luck with a creeping sense of unease. Deiter had not known him long enough to say he knew definitively what Stark was, or what he had shared with Major Rogers while in his employ, but he'd seen the way he loved the Majors children, the only true innocents in all of this.
“Oh yes,
He was past the store. Next to an apartment building now. The crowd wasn’t as thick here. Most were inside. Forcing everyone out. Shoving things out the windows onto the street. Tables. Chairs. People.
Or was it just cold to think of Stefen alone, surrounded by the enemy, the last man standing on the sinking ship of decency with no one standing by to save the drowning?
“Pine trees, dear girl, are incredibly useful. The sap and needles are good for tonics, salves and tinctures. And added to the soap we’ll all feel and smell more pleasant.” He winked at her dubious expression and picked up Sara who had run over to get a look at what Tony and the boys had brought back with them. “But most importantly the cones have nuts, which are essential if we’re going to make mama’s
Stark matched him gaze for gaze as if he weren’t a guest in Steve’s home, an employee… lord of the manor this one. Stark carried himself like he’d be king anywhere and it was annoying in a way that Steve couldn’t even begin to understand.
Steve wet his lips, swallowing thickly to wet an even drier throat. Charlotte set her cup down and took his hand. Not an easy feat as he'd balled his hands into fists. He unclenched them and grasped her smaller ones as she smiled, wryly at him and murmured lowly, “No. They are not fond of large sums of money leaving Germany are they?"
Oh, Tony thought, startled. Though he was happy to see he’d been right about his estimation of the young woman’s spunk. He admired her straight back and the gleam of determination in her eye that told him she wouldn’t be changing her mind, unhappy father or no.
Maria's mouth fell open.
Drabarni - a regional term for the clan healer & wise woman. Revered in her clan for her knowledge in magic and all things spiritual.
“I don’t think I have the energy today for ice skating. But we could try our hand at snowmen?” He suggested the first alternative that came to his mind and Tony’s eyes lit up. Steve breathed a breath of relief.
Ian stirred back to life and tugged on his father’s arm, insisting with more than a hint of petulance. “I already know how to swim Father.”
It was a likely story, but the warden naturally wasn't buying a word of it. He was accusing the church of treason as well as sabotage, and threatening to have the abbey razed to the ground. Tony was thankful that their bets had paid off and the threat of undermining the Führer’s tentative negotiations with Rome had proved greater than the wardens need for immediate retribution. He could only imagine how much trouble the man was in with his superiors, who would want to find the culprits quickly before their actions weakened the power of the Reich in the public eye and encouraged more rebellion. Tony didn’t kid himself that the SS wouldn’t have every man they could spare out looking for the one insurgent they could identify: himself.
Tony startled as Stefen’s voice, sounding somewhat breathless as if he’d run to catch the phone, barked in his ear.
anymore, just him, and it had taken him three years before he could use that pet name again, three long
What was he, some pathetic little woman who let her jealousies turn her stupid and vile?
“Staff Sergeant?”
"Is everybody alright?" Erik asked through a harshly panted breath. He must not be too terribly injured then Tony thought, gratefully. He was the first to risk siting all the way up and looking back at the road. Nobody shot at him and when Tony was far enough up to see why, he nearly sagged in relief.
“All the more reason we should all be dancers!”
He'd thought about grabbing him, wondered what it would feel like to press against him, push him down some. Gently. That way the water would caress his face and Steve could fit himself to him without harming him. The water would hold them together.
Stefen was loath to let Tony go, nearly changing his mind and insisting they call the whole thing off several times the night before he was to set out. In truth, Tony was loath to be let go. He was no less determined and no less sure that the mission was his duty, and he the best one to see it through - but he could not say he wasn’t frightened of death.
Of course, Stefen had offered neither real explanation for the phenomenon nor help.
Tony believed that it would be less than a year of separation. That was the plan. That was the understanding Steve had with MI9, but Steve knew all about understandings and how quickly they could unravel. Just look at what he’d done to poor Charlotte. If Britian had use for him they’d make use of him. Friendships wouldn’t matter and neither would previous debts. And Steve would have no choice but to comply, because the children’s safety would depend on it as well as his own. He was an officer of the Reich after all. That complicated things quite seriously.
She could have said something wrong. Those kinds of people weren’t allowed to own property, weren’t allowed to serve in the army, they simply weren’t <I>allowed</i> period. Her father could lose everything if people knew. She’d never have forgiven herself if she’d been the one responsible for that happening to her family.
“I left them for you!” Bucky screamed out until his throat felt like it would bleed. “I left it all, for you, and this is what you do?!”
Tony grunted as the air punched out of his chest. The captain was angry, but he'd not been expecting to find the door slammed behind him and to be pressed up against it with two hundred pounds of muscle bearing down on him almost as soon as he crossed over the threshold, but there he was, nose to nose with the captain as he all but snarled, "Do you have any idea what you've done, Stark any idea!"
“I’ve heard they’re being terribly mistreated.” The toady butler went on with vigor around a mouthful of cheese, making the words sound muffled and wet. Tony made a face, disgusted.
They ran around the city, delivering the important news that the Führer didn't want the people to know, and X-ing out Nazi propaganda in favor of messages calling for resistance. They went by code names even though many of them were friends with at least one other member in the group, because it was safer in case they were ever caught. That way no one boy or girl could bring the entire group down.
For one horrible moment the old man’s sad brown eyes meet his: beseechingly. Tony just stared. One of the boys pulled a small wooden bat from his belt and slammed it across the old man’s shoulders with an angry curse.
He'd tried after she left... but even he could admit that he'd failed so spectacularly that it bordered on criminal.
Miraculously, two men in the truck following them toppled off the back like sacks of flour and lay in the dirt unmoving. Unfortunately, their comrades didn't stop to check whether they still lived or not.
The Rogers children took the task of singing like new born colts, their voices shaky and uncertain as they looked to one another for permission to indulge in the pleasure that was uninhibited song.  But the little ones were so enthusiastic, so happy and eager to lift their voices and shout out over the hilltops that their merriment was infectious and slowly when it became clear that no one was going to appear to judge them, or berate them for engaging in such silliness, their siblings allowed themselves to become equally swept up.
"The radio does not work well Bannführer, we need better supplies-" Bobby tried to explain but he was cut off by Herr Lehmann's barking voice.
“I would hardly expect an ignorant Pole like your father to be an expert on the subject,” Hammer sneered in reply with a disdainful sniff and Cameron grit his teeth but ducked his dark head and stuffed his mouth full of bread rather than risk saying something he’d regret. Smart boy, Tony thought.
“It’s one of the reasons I hesitated when the Captain asked me to marry him.” She confessed blithely, as if they were discussing an interesting story she’d read in the paper. “I’ve always been one of those jealous creatures at heart. And I’ve never been terribly forgiving.”
“Woe is the day when men erect their vanities in the place of history,” Tony replied with a shake of his head and next to Steve, Göring’s wife gasped into her napkin. The smile slipped from Steve’s face. That had been too far. Almost a direct criticism of the Führer and everyone knew it. Damn it Tony needed to be more careful!
“As far as the British government is concerned, they’re consultants. A naval engineer and a former officer of the Royal Netherlands Army who brought us necessary intel and without whom this mission would be impossible.”
The monk regarded him coolly, his smile pinched around the eyes.
Ian’s heart was racing. It was so cold within the room he could feel it prickling over his skin. He felt dizzy but he swallowed and tried to remember what Tony had told them to say. What Natacha would say if she were there, but neither of them were there. He was alone, and the man who called himself Agent Neuman was staring down at him as if he could see under Ian’s skin.
“Ah, no.” Tony shook his head.
Thankfully Göring’s wife showed up at that moment to announce dinner and lead them all to the dining hall to take their seats. Steve grabbed Tony by the elbow and hung back until he was sure Göring and Vonkov were well out of ear shot.
girls. Tony knew it on sight the way anyone knew such things. Their hair was done up, the smell of their perfume thick and cloying in his nose. The hems of their skirts were just a hair too short, their stockings doing more to show off their shapely legs than warm them. More damning still, their cheeks were pinked, and their lips painted.
Steve's heart began to beat with anticipation as he opened the letter, skimming its contents.
“The kind that believes he can control his very small world and everyone else in it through violence.”
Tony grasped ahold of both oars and began to paddle the little boat out into the open water, Bakhuizen following behind them. Stefen kept a close eye on Péter and Natacha in the single boats until he was satisfied they had a good handle on the oars and knew something of what they were about.
“Well done, Ian. Do you want to learn to float now?” Stefen murmured lowly, one arm rested around Ian's stomach holding him to his chest. “When you're tired it's a good way to rest without having to leave the water.”
~*~*~*~
A bright light shone from the top, powering the rest of the city. A bright light for everyone. So he was a bit of a romantic. Sue him.
Though he'd not received any orders, the Führer’s greed, Steve had no other word for it, was turned toward Czechoslovakia. Austria could not sustain another war, everyone knew it. But it seemed he and his men were expected to march out and reclaim “ What was theirs” for the German people, not just the land lost to Germany from the Great War but Poland, Italy, even England and France, for purposes that would boggle the mind of any sane man. The Führer desired the world and soon enough he would begin the fight to take it.
“Come on Nik, you and I both know the Führer is never going to bow to pressure from the Vatican. He's going to continue to give you table scraps until he feels he has enough power to tell you exactly where to shove all your pretense at piety. Haven't you heard? He's God's chosen leader. The new religion. He's only biding his time."
“He is not a Polak.” She corrected him stiffly and Emil laughed, blond brows arching in disbelief.
those boys.” Tony reminded her, because of course she didn’t know. Couldn’t possibly know or care how Péter had suffered at the hands of many of the boys she’d invited into his home, on his own birthday, to put on a damn show!
“Maria.” Her head snapped up and she blinked at him, halfway through a piece of soggy bread, startled.
Harry was waiting just under their favorite climbing tree, just as he always did when he delivered a telegram to the house although this was the first time Péter had seen him in the uniform of Hitler’s Youth. His slicked hair and the crisp brown shirt of the
Tony left the little girls to be plucked from their bath and squeezed into their dresses by Julia and went to go check on the boys. He half expected to find bedlam, but was relieved to see that whatever magic Péter had brought home with him from school, still lingered. They were all diligently getting into their party clothes with no visible sign of fuss.
The words Stefen had uttered felt like a ritual and there was something intensely private about the way that he and Bakhuizen looked at one another when their eyes met.
The girl smiled shyly at him, her dark hair and eyes reminding him in that moment of Maria and he smiled back.
“Natacha?" his voice was thick with something dark and raw, but as his eyes moved from her father in the bed and back to hers, she didn’t see the condemnation she deserved. She realized he still must not know… and then she shattered. She felt the control snap within her like a distressed thread holding too much weight. Her breath left her chest in one hot, aching, whoosh and she recognized the terrifying groaning sound that filled her ears as coming from herself.
“Neither did I.”
Tony's body coiled tight, ready to leap up as Stefen abruptly stood, his chair nearly toppling to the floor as he strode toward the boy. He did not yell as Tony remembered his own father doing on so many occasions. There was no bluster, no panting and heaving with breathless fury; but there was no mistaking the thud of each step, the predatory swiftness of each movement, nor the glint in Stefen's eyes as anything less than dangerous fury.
She looked up at them then, fear naked in her eyes.
“You can’t disappear from your own party. People might talk.” Tony reminded them both and Stefen heaved an aggravated sigh.
“Be quiet.” Natacha whispered, briefly lighting the torch she held in her hands just long enough to illuminate her face as she slowly releasing his mouth.  She flicked it off a moment later and plunged the room back into darkness. It was too dark in the room for her to see the glare he threw at her as her dark silhouette moved away from the side of his bed, but Péter wouldn’t put it past Natacha to have discovered some way to see in the dark like a cat. She certainly moved as quietly as one. In the seconds Péter had wasted calming his racing heart she’d already made it to his bedroom door.
“Captain Rogers?”
Nobody spoke but Tony could see Péter sitting up now, staring as intently at his father as he imagined everyone else was. Waiting.
“In one hundred and sixteen hours I will be leading a flotilla, comprised of four ships, into Norwegian waters. Our official goal, which the British public, as well as the Norwegian Parliament, will be made aware of, is to lay mines that will prevent the Germans from using that rout to receive crucial shipments of iron and ore.” Pike began, and Tony began to understand why Holmes hadn’t protested Tony looking at the file. Stefen proved he was no slouch in the brains department either, passing a bundle of papers held together by a clip to Tony without comment. It was a detailed report of the mining operation, their make, their manufacturer and how they were to be implemented.
But it was still so hard to think of opening his mouth and saying the words that would take Péter away from his family, away from Steve, quite possible for good.
Ian nodded his head at James and murmured something about liking boats as well, his eyes traveling back to Tony as if it had been a school question.
“I can shoot. I aced the practice test. Herr Vondearn says I’m a natural.”
Charlotte’s face had gone very still as she sat and watched him intently. It was a long moment while he waited for her reply. When she finally spoke it was slow, with a faint air of hurt.
"I'll go down to distract guests if you help Tony wrangle James," Natacha suggested to Péter and then to Ian, "You go and get Artur and Maria. Tell Artur he and Maria will miss Uncle Bucky coming back if they don’t start behaving. That ought to convince him."
“Herr Stark!”
“Would…“ father cleared his throat and tried again. “Would you like a new book?”
It was at that moment the doors to their car flew open and a man shoved his way inside from the next car, grunting as he nearly trampled over Péter who barked for him to slow down. “Exiting passengers first! There are people trying to get through here.” And then the strangest thing happened where the man let out a ragged cry, full of exuberant relief and turned in a blur to grab Péter by both arms and haul him into a bear hug.
He was so focused on their fear that he almost did not recognize that the boy was speaking the same language that Stefen and Bakhuizen whispered in when they thought no one was paying attention. The very same language Stefen had spoken to him the night Tony had tried to waken him from a nightmare and Steve had struck him.
“I’m a mechanic. Bucky’s a gardener. So, what are you, Natacha?” he asked, and the silence that settled between them was heavy.
“It won’t be an exact fit, but Susann has a good eye for these things.” Stefen explained, gently pushing the box into Tony’s hands and Tony’s ever so helpful brain noted that it was just the right weight and size to fit a properly folded suit. He was still staring at the box dumbfounded, as if he had no idea how it had gotten into his hands, when Stefen said, “You may have to press out a few wrinkles from the journey home but Susann’s work is impeccable. It should suffice.”
~*~~~*~
A better man would have spared more than a passing thought about her safety, but Steve could see the strategy in it. His godfather was already aware of their past connection and it wasn’t unlikely that Tony would have sought her out had he truly come to Pola alone and penniless.
~*~*~*~
been doing all day? And why was his work more important than what Tony was doing?! For Stefen, no less!
“Przepraszam,” Steve babbled the apology, cringing as the foreign words leaped off his tongue and the man’s brow wrinkled in confusion. Too much dwelling on the past. He had slipped.
He hoped.
“Ian, Sara, and her potter made the best of it, traveling from town to town always wondering where the next meal would come from, and it wasn’t helped any that her baby was small and sickly and could not be left alone.
She knew why she'd said it. She said it to crack the mask of resolve on his face. She'd wanted the words to explode inside him like a bomb and make him fall apart. She'd seen him fall apart before. She could put him back together. Her mother had done it and so could she.
Bucky blinked away the sting in his eyes, because shit. He’d be no use to anyone blubbering like a baby, but as a pang of longing twisted in his chest he found himself wishing that Peggy could have been there to hear them.
“But Herr Stark we have another hour of lessons!” Ian insisted, dumbfounded. Artur, halfway out of his seat jerked to a stop and began to sink back down into it.
Prince Loki met them at the door, nodding to the attendant who quickly took his leave and shut the door softly behind him.
Steve couldn’t hold onto his thoughts as he came with the phantom feeling of Tony’s chest pressed against his back.
The hard edge of the sill pressed into his chest and punched the air from Steve’s lungs, glass cutting into his clothing and the vulnerable skin beneath it as he was dragged over the sill inch by inch.  It was a tight fit and he did end up having to wrench his shoulder, but eventually he was spilling out onto the ground below.
Staring up at the beautiful display of exploding lights in the sky made him think of Tony’s tower again.  It would be great, he thought, to build a place where everyone really could be the same, where people didn’t worry so much about the things that made them different. In a place like that people would have less room for petty thoughts and more room for the curiosities of the universe. Péter had always thought there was so very much to be curious about but his father had never appreciated curiosity very much.
? What was he, a socialite? How about the fact that going with Stefen meant socializing with Nazi officers? That was all the reason in the world not to do this. He could just imagine what Farkas would say if he heard about it. He’d probably combust. He was supposed to be laying low.
"You shouldn't let me get close to you. You'll get hurt," she warned, her voice sounding small and hollow, but Bucky's chest moved up and down with the rude sounding snort he gave in response.
. They looked so terrified. Péter lowered his voice, leaning closer to Tony murmuring, “James can be awfully stubborn.”
We did not find evidence of ungodly practices or experiments during our initial visit, but they were well warned before we arrived and there were many sections of the camp we were not allowed to enter. Even now that I am posted here as chaplain for the imprisoned clergymen - one of the Abbots hard-won concessions - I am confined to my designated rooms.
"There's nothing you can do immediately. Besides, I've hired a tutor to look out for them, yeah. Heard he's not too bad."
“Yes, that’ll be all.”  Steve waved Hammer away distractedly, finishing the telegram and stopping Péter, who had half sprang out of his seat, with a look. “Just a moment Péter.”
Tony, Steve and the children escape Pola and head to France. Steve prepares himself to say goodbye to his children, and Tony plots for a future where they can all be together.
be, so I wouldn’t be too hard on yourself.” He teased, wanting to see her smile again – when had his little girl last smiled? He couldn’t remember. He should remember.
his whereabouts Stefen, I’m not a dullard. Didn’t Natacha tell you?”
Steve sighed heavily trying to abate the sense of dread that was a consent in his gut. He suspected it wouldn't ease until he saw Sam on the train. The only other option was for Herr Hogan to take him.
The woman was a force to be reckoned with, a solider in her own right. The war had not spoiled her as it had them. She’d been so full of all the things Steve had forgotten laughter, love, and music, that it had not surprised Bucky in the least when Steve had lost his heart to her.
"Did I overlook some holiday?" Tony asked aloud, still puzzling why Stefen would have let them all go at once and determined not to let it go unquestioned. When Pepper didn't answer he thought she must not have heard, but when he turned back into the kitchen to see her filling up a large pot for heating on the stove, he couldn't help but notice the stiff way she held herself, or the tightness of her lips as the poignant silence stretched.
“Perhaps.” Tony set down the poker and walked over to the chair that Stefen sat in. He lowered himself to his knees, planting himself at the captain’s feet and looked up. If his words couldn’t reach Stefen wherever he was, then Tony would rely on a communication stronger than words. His body might just speak in a way that Stefen could hear.
~*~*~*~
Beside him Steve didn’t move. Instead he took a measured breath and gazed off. Just for a moment his expression changed. Only for a second, it was there and then gone but Bucky could have sworn he saw it. Defiance. The hell?
The deportees were forced into concert halls, mail rooms, and other spontaneous holding cells where they were forced to sign documents that confessed guilt to crimes they did not commit and contained their promises never to return to Germany. Those who refused to sign were tortured until they complied. There were deaths in the holding halls, though there was no official count kept.
“I keep thinking my daughters going to need a new dress come the end of the year. She’s growing like a weed.”
“Yes. I don’t know what it is about you and your father that you think you have to throw yourself in front of the guns because you’ve been given a few blessings here or there, but you’re fourteen. You’ve your whole life ahead to worry and sacrifice.”
It didn’t stop his damnable heart from overreacting.
Leaning against the door with his arms awkwardly crossed he wished he could help, if only to have somewhere to begin, but Péter would balk at being tucked into bed at fourteen and Ian didn’t like to be babied any more than Steve had at eleven, or any age for that matter.
Steve had just finished his morning meeting and had a few hours before Charlotte's train was due to arrive. There were any number of tasks he had to perform that could fill the time meantime… but Steve followed his instincts and found himself making a detour to visit an old friend.
are the reason he’s still here. When a builder meets an inflexible material, we tend to just bang at it until it fits into our plans; with varying degrees of success.”
"Ukrainian." Bakhuizen clapped a hand each on the children's shoulders and squeezed them just as Pepper appeared, her eyes sweeping over the scene that met her but betraying nothing as she came to halt before the captain.
Oh this this had been a terrible idea.
"I volunteered, because I couldn't spend my life on my knees. I believed an Austria for all Austrians was worth my life. I will never stop believing that." Stefen snapped, falling forward suddenly to brace his hands against the desk, the words thick with anger as his hands clenched against the dark surface of the wood.
He’d thrust open the canopy so that the light streaming in from the windows pierced Tony’s eyeballs.  Tony closed his eyes, a pathetic sound whimpering past his lips and he could practically feel Bakhuizen’s smirk.
“What did you tell her?” he asked and in his parallel view he could see Zimmerman tense, his hand moving to the pistol Steve knew he always kept on him. He held one hand up to stop him and Zimmerman didn’t move any further. They were not going to charge into some poor woman’s home simply because she had eyes.
“Why Captain, would you
"We will be back before the evening broadcast, and we could all do to stretch our legs a little more," he said, turning back to the children. Ian slowly sat up, blinking his eyes slowly with new alertness. Natacha and Péter traded hesitant looks. "It will keep your minds off your stomachs.”
The mob resembled less of a mob here and more of a festival gone slightly out of hand. There were looters everywhere, happily going through their neighbor’s possessions. Gleefully graffitiing their empty homes with slurs and happy to Ignore Steve and his family as they slunk through their midst.
- But she's not living in a perfect world (sadly). She lost her mother and in a lot of ways her father too, and she's living in a time where her very humanity is being stripped away and with all of those forces tugging at her it's no surprise she's lost a lot of herself. Hopefully, as Natasha's journey continues you'll begin to see her win more of herself back and become a woman of her own choosing. A woman that both she, that skinny boy who never stayed down, and the fearless woman who gave her life, can be proud of.
"Tony?" Stefen's voice was raspy and dark with uncertainty. Tony slid his hands under the hem of Stefen's night shirt, pushing up the linin until he could lay his hands over the cool flesh underneath and begin rubbing warmth back into his skin.
But would it be enough? Tony wondered. If someone came looking it wouldn't be much. Perhaps a latch? Tony kept thinking on it as he had the younger children get started sweeping out the floor. Phillips had clearly retained some of his tidiness from the military, but it was obvious from the dark stains on the floor and the fine layer of dust that covered everything that the loft space was the most neglected area of the lodge. Artur and James made a game of dragging the little girls about on an old wool blanket and called it dusting, while Tony, Natacha, and Péter got water heated and scoured the kitchen for a bar of soap.
“He’s also quite good with his hands too. Truly, Herr Stark I’m beginning to wonder if there is anything at all that you can’t do.”
"Hurry." Péter whispered, tugging Anamarie's hand and quietly they slipped out of the alley, Péter immediately slinging his arm over her shoulder and forcing them to a leisurely stroll as if they'd wandered up the street while the officers weren't looking.
“I highly doubt that. He’s a fool.”
“I am a perfectly respectable size Stefen, and a paragon of masculine virtues I’ll have you know.” Tony huffed, clutching the ridiculous stuffed toy to his chest with one arm and snatching up Sara’s hand with the other. Though there was a smile tugging at Tony’s mouth she took her cue from him and turned up her nose at Steve as if she found the suggestion that Tony was anything but the tallest of men as offensive as he did. They looked like a matched set with their flowers and their teddy bears.
The Führer was meeting with the leaders of France, Britain and Italy to discuss his aggressive actions against the Czechs in the city of Munich that very evening. They hoped to strong arm him into backing down from the idea of reclaiming the border lands for Germany and to negotiate some sort of resolution for continued peace. It was a peace everyone knew they would never achieve. Hitler refused to back down no matter who advised him it was the wisest course, and there would have to be war as a result. Until then, it was a waiting game. It was the waiting that was the worst part. Always was.
What would that other Stefen Rogers have said and done, if he was walking here in the golden light of autumn with the man he loved?
Tony blinked.
Studying the woman’s face, Tony recognized her. He understood better now why the man had been so unwilling to stop, even if it meant striking Stefen right there in the road. It was one thing for a history professor with a love of music to be with seen with a musician who happened to be a Jew. It was another thing altogether to be seen by an officer rescuing her.
Steve chuckled at the old memory. Phillips always said that, and he almost always didn't keep his word.  No mistaking, he left Steve to defend himself and fight for his right to be there same as anyone else, but it wasn’t coincidence that Steve’s unit was usually better stocked on food and bandages either.
“Without you.” Tony pointed out, refusing to let the unspoken go unspoken. Stefen should be with them. Tony didn’t know how many more ways he could say it or beg it.
"The pleasure is mine,” she demurred. “We're so grateful you could arrange to come on such short notice. The Captain and I are a bit out of our depth. A propaganda tour, can you imagine? It’s wonderful that the children will get to see so much of the country and boost the spirits of our soldiers, but it’s quite the undertaking."
Kirk’s eyes narrowed as he considered Bucky, and after a moment he appeared to give it a thought.
The metal under his fingers shook with heavy footsteps before a gruff voice called out, “Stark!” Tony let go of the platform with shock, stumbling backward and nearly losing his balance. He looked up just in time to see Bucky standing in the doorway, dragging James who was struggling with all his might against Bucky’s grip.
Herr Stark glanced at the two closest to him, Natacha and Péter, and hummed.
Bakhuizen was stroking the side of Stefen’s face, a gentle motion in comparison to the white knuckled grip he had on his arm.
It was a surprise to Tony that she’d ever been married in the first place. There was a sadness in Janneke’s dark eyes despite the bravery in the bright smile she maintained that told Tony what the outcome of her ‘marriage counseling’ had been.
"You're smart Tony, but some day you'll realize that no matter how smart you are... you can't control death. That's when you'll start talking to God."
“On her way back to England. I’m grateful she came all this way, but my place is here with you and the children.” Charlotte answered.
Was the death of one man truly worse than all the lives they would lose in Hitler’s war? Tony scoffed at himself. He already knew the answer. He’d always been a shallow selfish creature at heart.
Unable to resist he scurried over to the chest, decorative pin in hand and set to work. It was tedious work, and Tony was aware of each second that ticked by risking someone passing the study and perhaps hearing him. He worked as quietly as he could, methodically maneuvering the pin until he’d effectively jammed the lever inside just enough to lift the latch.
The screaming woke him first. Steve wasn't sure if that was a bad sign or not. Usually it was the cold that gripped his lungs and forced his eyes open with sharp fingers. Artificial light flicked through his cell bars from the hall, illuminating the marked walls of his cell. Other prisoners, other days spent endlessly waiting for interrogation, execution or freedom. All were granted on a whim, or so it seemed.
“I’d gathered as much.” Tony murmured, sliding his hands over the sensitive skin of Stefen’s thigh in an effort to sooth, even as he pressed. “But those weren't the dreams I was talking about.” Stefen tensed under his hands.
~*~*~
1. There really was an early conspiracy in the German army to kill Hitler headed by Hans Oster.  Captain America wasn't involved but this is an Avengers AU so of course he'd be knee deep in that mess. ;)
But the sight that met him upon popping the lock and opening the door was not any he could have prepared himself for. The attic was dark but a small pair of windows let in the sporadic flashes of lightning that lit up the night sky.
Natacha glanced at him sharply, pink coloring her cheeks as she and accused suspiciously, “I thought you were a monk.”
The Knight repeats. Is anyone home?
“Do you always lie this poorly? Obi could have-”
“Find. Him.” Tony gritted out, pinning the white road ahead with his stare. “I can handle the rest.”
“But he has to come." She interrupted his thoughts.
Steve settled himself into a position that didn’t make his ribs ache quite so much and let the scent of coffee beans and baked bread sooth him. Had it really been three years since he’d sat at their little table in the back like this? He could still remember the night that he and Bucky had boarded the train from Nowy Sącz, or
Steve heard the sound of a roaring engine. He turned his head and saw a trio of kübelwagen’s weaving toward them, headlights glaring. Steve started running even before the first shot was fired.
“We are the trial.” Steve cut in, “We can’t allow one man to bully his way through our government, through our country, so he can play at war and take the lives of innocents. He has to be stopped. It has to end. You’re here because you know that’s true.”
The sound of quiet laughter drew his eye down to the other end of the table where Tony had scooted his chair close to Sara's and was helping her cut her food. His gestures were bright and expressive as he spoke to her, babbling about something to do with machines and washing and a need to invent something that could keep up with messy children.
“That’s a beautiful sentiment Captain, but it’s worthless when the world isn’t something you can buy me or have delivered to my doorstep. The world is achieved. It’s something we have to take for ourselves and you can’t give me back twenty years of life anymore than you can guarantee me twenty more,” Tony replied with slow precision.
It was some stubbornly embedded instinct that kept him weakly twisting and pulling on the manacles around his wrists, long after the skin was raw and bloodied. Even though the armed men who sat guard with him in the back of the truck sneered at his effort.
Someone called at his back but Steve had already wrenching the door open. He could hear Khalmmer calling after him still, trying to manage his charge, their
Frau Hogan made an aborted movement towards him, the hand that was reaching for his face falling to her side and smoothing her dress instead.
But Bruce had smiled that little half smile he only ever seemed to bestow at Tony and quietly sang on, and Tony had lost himself in the sound of his voice and the stillness of the abbey at night.
Tony grinned to himself, sipping quietly from his cup. He knew there was a reason he'd liked her from the gate.
"I'm fine. Someone needs to check the bunks. Phillips -" Steve slurred quietly into Bucky's neck and Bucky gritted his teeth in a scowl. Steve's skin was hot pressed against his, almost hotter than the harsh breath he kept panting into Bucky's neck. He'd babbled nonsense from the moment Bucky had met Harold in the hall where he'd been struggling to drag Steve to his bed. Bucky had immediately pitched in to help but best friend or no, Steve was a heavy bastard and it didn't help that he was clearly delirious with fever and trying his best to avoid being put to bed.
“Winter! Winter they’re getting away.” He heard someone shout, brow furrowing deeply as he realized it was a woman’s voice. Rogue. Damn. The stupid girl was supposed to set up the cable and get clear! But there she was not feet away, her pretty hide pressed up against a tree pointing behind them. He risked sticking his head out and looking behind long enough to catch sight of the truck peeling off, tires kicking up snow and dirt as it careened through the trees.
“We helped polish it, “Ian admitted with a quiet note of pride.
She ignored the boys and girls clamoring for her attention in favor of keeping a close eye on Artur and James, who were always exuberant after spending time in the Little Fellows (or pimpfs as people liked to call them) where boys from ages six to ten got together to play athletic games, learn the principles of good character and sing songs in parade.
“Patroche?” Steve winced, his throat constricting painfully around the sounds. “Who…”
“Steve. You should get used to pronouncing it Steve from now on.” He replied woodenly, getting up without looking in Tony’s direction. He should clean up the glass before one of the children hurt themselves.
The captain was struggling to sit up his eyes darting about the room. Even in the distorted light Tony could see the front of his night shirt was drenched in sweat. His movements were slow, sluggish again as if he were drunk only there was no smell of alcohol, no telltale glass like the one in Tony’s hand beside the bed.
“Well, I don’t think I’ve ever told you about ‘The Merciful Boy’. Once upon a time there was a boy, not much older than Artur is…”
Tony could feel James glaring at his back but he was fine with it, amused even. He was no stranger himself with stealing food off of other people's plates (fasting had never been Tony's favorite way to applicate The holy father and unfortunately it was all the rage amongst monks) James was just sloppy at it. Fil would have caught James and had him cleaning out the old bee hives in the blink of an eye. And after Ian's show of (admittedly ridiculous) loyalty in taking the fall for James’ tantrum earlier that day, the boy ought to be far more gracious.
There were two armed guard loitering near the front step. They came to attention as the driver opened his door and came around to open Tony’s, their stoic expressions telling a tale of boredom. But one of the men did a double take as Tony stepped out, his eyes narrowing in consideration before the light of recognition sparked in them.
With the shutters closed, and no fire lit in the fireplace, the only source of light spilled in from the open door behind Steve, illuminating the lone table and chairs pushed against the kitchen wall. The room was a patchwork of shadows, and though his gaze dove desperately into each one, willing his family to appear, his vision blurred with burning tears.
“How do you know what I was thinking?” he managed to mumble, because it had been a strange thing to say when really he could have been thinking anything at all. Anamarie leaned back on her palms and shrugged.
"Poponar," Bucky returned with a shrug and a wide grin, flipping him off.
Beutlin?” Tony demanded, shocked by the very notion. Stefen and Bucky shared a worried look and Bucky grunted in response, “Yes. You know him?”
“He’s all right. He just had too much to drink last night. It can make your head hurt. Right, Buck?” Stefen explained to them cheerfully. And loudly. The stupid fuck, Bucky thought fondly as he continued to hide his face, slowly and carefully nodding his head in agreement.
The cabin was just as he remembered it. Steve sucked in another breath, the air like sharp daggers in his weary lungs. His knees had long ago gone numb and his legs like jelly.  Steve was far from healthy, but he’d walked. And walked. He’d walked as far as his legs would carry him and when they couldn’t anymore, he crawled. A few months ago, a trek like this might have been relatively easy. There were only a few clumps of desperately clinging snow drifts on the higher points. The visibility was good and the path remained clear as it wound through the trees. He’d made the trip on foot once before, when he’d been a younger man. It had taken him and Bucky two days. But that was a lifetime ago. Now, Steve didn’t think about time, or anything that wasn’t getting to his family. And when his legs gave out at the end he crawled.
Bucky wrapped his fingers around the gun and yanked it free of blankets and hay and brought it up to take aim at the guy with the radio. The familiar sound of rapid fire exploded in his ears as his target jerked, a crater appearing in the side of his face before he toppled backward without so much as getting a shout out. Then it was pandemonium as the other men in the car shouted alarms and reached for their guns. Too late, because Bucky didn’t hesitate as he advanced on the vehicle carefully aiming through the windshield at the panicking driver.
That wasn’t kind, she thought with a wince, lowering her cup. He was under tremendous pressure, and with James missing it could only be that much harder to bear. She knew she had to be patient with him, supportive, but it would have been easier if he’d just allow himself to take some comfort from her. It was one thing to be stoic, it was another thing to snarl and snap at her as if she were the enemy. To blame her for doing what he’d asked her to do.
“Jürgen.”
“Don’t bother yourself about it James. Nele knew you weren’t the staying kind when she took up with you. She cried for a day or two and then when all the soldiers came in spring she was in fine color. She got married this summer to an officer.
"Find them immediately!"
Tony.
“Nonsense. And besides, we didn’t buy it.” Nonna clucked.
Tony stared at the thing in shock.
“Are you mad? The alps? You need to get out of Germany. I don’t know ho-” she began, still clutching at him and Steve jerked his arm violently out of her grasp, shouting over her. “No!” She flinched, shushing him as her eyes darted around the empty road. The road was quiet and still but sound carried in the open air and there was no telling who might be passing just over the hill.
Thank you for reading. If you enjoyed this chapter please let me know. These last few months have been something else and encouragement is always welcome.
“I’ll get those chains off you if you stop scaring Patroche.”
“And what’s that?”
The door opened, light spilling in over the over the guard’s shoulder shadowing his face.
! He wanted to scream it, but a pained grunt was the only sound that escaped.
That guilt, and the fact that May and her husband had neither the space nor the means to care for seven children were big reasons Steve had never considered sending the children to her.
It was another six hours before it died down enough that they could leave reasonably safely. They still had to be careful, as harsh voices and the sounds of another fight could still occasionally be heard. Tony and the children waited upstairs, rationing off what food Professor Sieger had in his pantry while Stefen stood sentinel at the door downstairs keeping an eye out for Harold with the car.
Virginia's voice floated in from the hallway.
The car slowed as Hogan pulled up to the curb outside the ticketing booth. It was not very crowded this time in the morning in the middle of the week, so it was easy to spot Henry Osborn and Robert Drake in their HJ uniforms, their bicycles parked nearby where they leaned against the wall just beside the door of the booth. At first, surprised delight shot through Peter at the fact that his friends were there when he’d not expected to have a chance to say a proper goodbye. But then it was followed by the horror of actually having to do it.
“I’m here, Cap. Right here.” Tony answered.
"Why are you still here?"
“Impeccable.”
Tony didn't move an inch.
Steve breathed in deep, the rush of air flowing into his lungs almost too much as he came back to his surroundings.
“I should have been a painter. I’d have made a fortune selling your portraits.” Tony mumbled to himself with a small smile. He leaned down to press a kiss against the curve of Stefen’s shoulder, but when he turned to slip quietly from the bed he was startled by the hand that suddenly gripped his.
“Well you have so far.” Stefen said, voice warm and low in that way that Tony was in danger of sinning over. Though shalt not covet or something along those lines. He was definitely beginning to covet that sound. He really shouldn’t. The reasons were endless, chief of which was that there wasn’t a snowballs chance in hell of his feelings being returned.
“He already knows.” Stefen admitted aloud and Bucky chuckled humorlessly.
“No,” Steve barked, yanked from his thoughts as he let Artur lead him to his spot at the table. “Péter looks like he’s fine handling the
The sound in the room rushed back in again, the noise from the hall below and all the conversations from those around him coming back at once like someone turning the dial on the radio too hard. Steve flinched, and he saw Tony’s eyebrows draw up in concern. Steve flashed the monk a stiff smile and abandoned his post at the railing. Tony’s gaze tracked him as he approached, and when Steve slid into the space that Isiah vacated in favor of returning to his spot on the bench, Tony turned his head toward him, greeting under his breath, “Captain.”
Dvorak met Schmidt’s steely eyes and imagined placing his hands around the pale column of his throat and squeezing.
James hit his side and wrapped his arms around Bucky’s waist, burrowing his nose against the unfamiliar jacket he wore – but it smelled just like the cigarettes that he liked. It was him. James knew it was him. He could feel the others jumping around him, jostling him in their eagerness to see and touch for themselves, but he held on as tight as he could, smearing his hot tears into the rough fabric as he gulped for breath and refused to let go.
"You know what you gotta do," he repeated, staring hard at Steve in the dim light.
Steve was gratified that even Stark did not think it wise to try and combat that sharply worded command, the monk nodding silently and scrambling to keep up with Stefen's long strides as he exited the room.
All eleven of them including Charlotte, trudged out into the snow to see the staff on their way to their own homes, loaded down with gifts from the household. While everyone else said their goodbyes, Bucky started an argument with Tony over what supplies they'd need to bring back the tree. Bucky and Péter had fetched ropes and axes, and Tony was insisting on bringing a mountain of burlap along because apparently it was easier to drag something on a blanket.
Tony had barely finished before they were tripping over each other back into their seats.
James did not have Artur's winsome smile or coveted blond hair, but he was boisterous and (sometimes viciously) competitive, and, thanks to Tony, a talented singer which all served to make him well liked. Péter was grateful that things were easier for the younger boys, because he didn't like to think of them getting beat up every day. Even if James often tempted him to discover differently.
------<>-------
James had lost his mother too young and his father had not been well enough to pick up the pieces. He’d been left to pick himself up. Which he did.
“Yes, but
“You tease,” he murmured with a delighted smile, pressing another and then another.
To see, for us to be
She knew what she was doing. His little girl had shot a man in the square and that was all she said. She knew what she was doing.
“There you are.”
“Clinton. Clinton Francis Barton,” Clinton extended one dirtied palm which Natacha stared coolly at while the boy prattled on. “You must have eyes on the back of your head. I waited till you’d passed me ta hop the fence. You’ve got killer aim too. Be more impressed when my skull aint splitting though.”
The garden was falling into disarray. Even buried under snow Natacha could see the places where branches overreached, and bushes burst out of the carefully plotted order Sam had placed them in. She did not long for a summer day, or to hear the scraping of a trowels and the sound of her mother bantering with the gardeners. It was better to take things the way they really were, than to lose oneself in ideals.
He chuckled softly and squeezed her arm gently.
It made him itchy and uncomfortable in his stomach.
“Wouldn’t want one of those. What about sitting right at the mouth of the road Hitler needs to take does he not get?”
Oh disgusting. Disgusting child.
“Thank you, Tony. I have something for you too.”
Father made short work of the buttons with the needle and thread. Ian knew boys that would be embarrassed by their fathers knowing anything about sowing (woman's work) but Ian didn't find it so worrisome.
“Anything is possible.” Tony hummed thoughtfully in response. “The good news is it’s highly improbable. You remember we talked about probabilities?”
They lay there what could have been hours, letting the world come back to rights, Tony waiting for Stefen to come back to himself. He did not mind. He’d have laid there three times longer if need be.
The old man stood alone in a crowd, passerby looking anywhere and everywhere but at the old man standing outside a ramshackle shop. Perhaps it was the crude yellow star across its doors, or the cruder words painted across its windows, or perhaps it was the pair of young men at his back, youthful shoulders straight and proud, backs as stiff as soldiers as they pointed first to the bucket at the old man’s feet and then to the graffiti littering the walls.
"How did they know?" Steve wondered aloud. They'd been so careful. The handoff had gone without a hitch. "Could someone on the crew be a spy?"
She’d fallen quiet as the show began and seems almost transported by the story unfolding on stage. Her tiny lips falling open on shallow gasps when the singer’s voices soar with a varied spectrum of emotions, and when the two lovers are parted and the woman was singing out her lament, Steve caught tears in her eyes.
