It was clean and locked, like one might have expected.
There was no way the doctor was going to leave this argument where it was.  He went after the detective, yelling back, “Sleeping is a waste of time?  It’s a necessary function of living, Sherlock!  Unlike nicotine patches!”  His hand gripped the knob, as he heard the click of the lock.  John rattled the door knob uselessly.  It was locked.
The brunet was instantly wary, feeling that she withheld something. He could sense her own dread, written about her person by the crease above her left eyebrow, the way she slowed the words she had said, the way she clenched her fingers in a bunch at her side, and by the way her jaw shifted. It was set. She was determined to follow through with something and just as he was about to voice his accusation, she closed her eyes. The weightless sensation overcame him once more and they were teleported.
“Well, thank you for your concern, David, even if it is unwanted.” Lestat quipped, as he spun on the heel of his boot and began walking away from the other man.  David let him go and the blond was glad for it.
Sherlock was helpless.  He glanced up, searching for someone, anyone that could help him.  He didn’t know what to do.  He didn’t have the power to do anything.
Then those large hazelnut eyes flashed up at him, the emotion roiling beneath her features pinging as they registered in the man’s mind.  “You should have cleaned it.  You have the start of an infection.  I’ve cleaned what I can but if the swelling and redness continues you will need to see a doctor.” She explained.
“And why the hell not?!”
Sherlock watched the other rise and walk away without another word and soon it was only he and the blond vampire left in the penthouse. The calm feeling had faded with the departure of the young vampire and his brain sluggishly began to try to analyze the situation he was in. John had been transformed into a blood drinker by the creature he was trapped in this room with. He had been bitten, much of his blood drank by his former lover and was too weak to even rise from his slumped position.
"Well, that's completely ridiculous.  You've already interacted with individuals from your past, myself included." Sherlock answered dismissively.  He took another pull on the fag, let it sit in his lungs, and then blew it out in a woof of breath. "If you want to reintegrate into society John, you're going to have to.  Besides, you've already met with Lestrade this evening and he certainly knows you better than anyone at Angelo's."
, smile and Sherlock smiled back, thoroughly satisfied with what his own cleverness had achieved.  The moment passed a little too quickly for the detective’s liking.
The building itself was not spectacularly splendid and grandeur but rather plain.  The brick was well kept and the hedges were well tended, giving the older home curb appeal without drawing too much attention to itself.  Still it was easy enough for Sherlock to see that this property was no ordinary residence.  It was made to look that way, so as to remain inconspicuous among the other crowded homes in the area.  There was a large tree in the front yard, just beginning to bud with new life, the small start to the leaves visible in the glow of the street lamp.
“I can’t believe this.” The doctor giggled, with a bouncing shrug of his shoulders, “I’ve been trapped in here for days and this is what you have to say?  That Sherlock has dug up a vampire who thinks he’s bloody fascinatin?”
In the end it hurt even more to hand John over to someone else, to relinquish his desires for the man and allow another to love him.  Yet John seemed blatantly satisfied to have another, after accepting that the detective was no longer an option, and Mary did seem capable, even if he wasn't quite clear on who she was or where she had come from just yet.  The fact that his friend had implicitly believed that Sherlock had arranged for their meeting tonight by means of texting the woman was most curious, seeing he hadn't done so.  One more thing for him to sort out.  The queue was growing.
Sherlock looked away then--he wasn't exactly sure just why—but he gave a cold and calculated remark, regarding the small but nevertheless-still-there smudge of pink-hued lipstick at the corner of his colleague's mouth.  "Caught at the door, I see, for a goodbye foray. She has mussed your hair, left her own on the collar of your shirt, among other far more obvious things." He willed himself to look back at his friend, even though his neck and head seemed to resist the movement. The doctor looked perturbed and to combat the sudden draw to his friend's features the detective gave a cheeky smile, even as he frankly added, "That's unlike you, John, when you are on a case."
“I’m sorry, that was rude.” She apologized, in the awkward absence of a response.
He stalked out of the pub and caught his bearings.  It was not too far from home that it was out of the question to walk.
Sherlock was beyond playing any more.  He gave his brother a weak perry, “Mary.”
The detective had deduced her correctly.  She was attractive, slender and pretty, not well endowed but amply enough, and that shocking dark crimson hair in contrast to her brilliant pale green eyes was hard not to notice, no matter your sex or persuasion.  She never found men.  Men found her.  Sometimes she went along for the ride.  The last one had lasted the longest—he averaged somewhere between eight to ten months at best—but had given out due to the same old reason.  The redhead hated the tedious nature of today’s conversation just about as much as he did—plus her priorities would always remain first and foremost for her work.  Sherlock could respect that much.
Was it his imagination or had Sherlock’s voice lowered? Not that it mattered, because he was not going to have his friend undress him like an invalid. Shifting, John tried to move away, only to freeze at the accidental brush of the other man’s knuckles against his sides. He sucked in a sharp breath as he felt the heat of those hands just barely grazing along his skin.
The detective called the vampire's name, loud and clear to the same effect.  He shouted the name, with still no change.  Then he brought his arm back in yank-perfect wind up and threw the box at the body in the bed, as hard as he could.
They spent the next hour in the restaurant.  Sherlock ordered and ate, while John mimicked drinking a cup of coffee.  The detective was surprised to see that the vampire was able to make the liquid slowly decrease in the cup without even his trained eyes catching how.  It was easy to see that a near by plant was receiving the unwanted portion but not how it was getting there.
There was a chiming like sound then that rang throughout the penthouse, playing a soft pretty melody, similar to a door bell.
“I suspected as much and I thank you, David. I have some rabbits I set to run on this course and can only hope the hounds will come chasing. I don’t care to play this type of hand often but don’t see much use in the conventional means of acquiring further useful information.” Mycroft pinched the bridge of his nose, feeling the tension slowly mounting behind his eyes. He hadn’t slept more than a few hours since the explosion of his home. Honestly, the last few months for the highly engrained government agent had been hellish.
him. Despite how many drinks John had observed the consulting detective enjoy, there must have been something far stronger than just rum in that eggnog.
The door was left open but Lestat was gone, leaving Louis to pull himself from the floor and assess the damage done to his flat. His reading chair had been roughly knocked over when he was struck and a leg had snapped.  His side table had suffered a similar fate but thankfully was still intact. As he gathered the scattered books and straightened the last of his furniture he could feel the sinking wave of exhaustion hit him. The night had been long and although the force of Lestat's blow had cracked his jaw, the wound had almost instantaneously healed. The deeper wounds Lestat had caused were not new ones, simply the aggravation of old scars that flared up now and again.
Lips were suddenly on his own, desperate and needy. Hands held him fast, pulling him tight to John’s hard body. Sherlock responded in kind. Possessively, he grabbed the hips pressed so deliciously against his own. His fingers fumbled, scrabbling to pull the tails of the plaid shirt from the confines of the other man’s blue jeans.
Sherlock was shocked to feel the trickle of tears on his cheeks, running down in a steady flow to mingle with the blood that had since re-coated his chin after the tongue assault.  His fingers came up to verify this, as though he needed that reassurance that it was actually happening.  He wiped the tears away, casting Moriarty a dubious look all the same.
The man laughed lightly and shifted to tuck John’s hand in at his elbow. Then they began walking, the stranger smiling and nodding to a few people that passed near them. John struggled to not stumble in the heels as they moved towards the large, ornate door that stood open on the far side of the ballroom. The warm night air greeted them as they stepped silently onto the balcony, which led down to a garden maze.
“Get to the point.” Sherlock growled through clenched teeth.
“You are…”
– John’s disappearance –
Blood was cooled in two merging puddles that covered a large section of the floor. There was no attempt to avoid trailing his footsteps through the macabre scene when he re-exited the penthouse and proceeded to rise directly up into the night before heading north. The papers, news and either men's blogs had been silent while he was gone. No new deaths, no new 'cases' implied and so it was time for Lestat to help things along a little.
Immediately Sherlock drew his hands down from above his head, one arm instantly reaching out to coil tightly around John’s waist and pull him close, the other sliding into his hair. The hand gripped the back of his skull and forced their mouths together, their kiss shifting from gentle to aggressive between one breath and the next. In seconds he became even more demanding, his body arching up, their skin slick with sweat sliding together, as he tried to devour John.
The creature had seemed hauntingly familiar and yet increasingly alien to the detective.  Still, whatever it was, it had laid its claim over him.  The detective was not sure what that meant.  He was familiar with the human sense of claim and possession of another person, a slave, but this he felt was something far more.
Sherlock would have found a way. The detective desired to be close to him and John suspected that the man was still wishing to pursue what had been abandoned for the sake of Moriarty and his web.  The doctor wasn’t so sure about that now, had certainly not been accepting of it before, and it was made even more complex now that he knew for certain that his Mary had been murdered.
The man then stood, not making a sound as he moved, an unnatural grace to the lithe action that Sherlock could not attribute to any physical means of possibility.  The stranger moved to leave and did not turn back when Sherlock came to his own feet.  Fearing the loss of the man’s intriguing presence the consulting detective procured an offer to keep his unexpected guest’s company, spilling the suggestion quickly and without much tact.  “Stay.  We could…have a game of chess.”  Desperate.  He didn’t have to see the man’s face to know what he had gauged from the hasty comment.
The hand drew him closer, a feat of strength that was truly not of this world, and John felt the cool press of the others cheek to his own, as a snarling voice whispered into his ear, “Now, you will listen and you will come with me tomorrow night.  Whether you choose to believe it or not Mary is dead and I am your only chance of making it out of here alive.  Do you understand?”
The dreams had been unsettling and the thrashing movement of the swerve even more so. John mustered the resolve to stay awake, yet he couldn’t get the imagery out of his head. The thought haunted him. Perhaps Moriarty had orchestrated it all. The fall, his own death and subsequent resurrection, Mary’s death, and John’s vampirism. What John failed to see was the spider’s end game.  What was the point of it all? Could one really chalk it all up to boredom? Surely no one was honestly that callous.
Momentarily lost in the visceral memory of the man, John didn’t resist as he felt Sherlock’s hands grip his hips and shift them so that it was John pressed into the wall beside the door instead. He leaned against the wall, using it as a support and once more looked up into his friend's eyes. He wanted to kiss the taller man, wanted to run his hands along his soft, firm skin. He wanted so much from this man.
The consulting detective stood in the middle of the living room, drinking in the details of the furnishings and décor of the space. Mostly modern with accents of Victorian influences throughout the home. A few paintings, mostly old masters and a few that he did not recognize but the styles made him question if they were originals. If so, the value of the contents in this modest home could be worth billions.
John hated this.  Hated him.  Was the man honestly trying to make him assurances after having kept him locked up for days on end?  The question he desperately needed to have answered came next, quick, without thought, just yammered.  “And Mary? Where’s Mary? Why can’t I remember what happened?”
Sherlock glowered down at him and shook his head; dark locks momentarily obscuring those odd pale eyes. “No, you are in pain and as such you are going to bed.” After holding his hand out for another moment Sherlock must have realized that he was not going to accept the hand up. With a drawn-out sigh he reached down and grasped John’s forearms and bodily hauled him to his feet. “Now.”
“Lestat can be hard to love and is truthfully, easier to hate, for most that know him.” The older vampire said, without malice or judgement in his tone.  “But you are of his blood and that changes everything.”  He stopped then and turned to face Louis, taking his arms gently but steadily, as he explained, “I do believe that you have been that damned creature’s one redemption.”
"I believe they wouldn't get enough light in the lower flat. They do look lovely here in the entry and this way everyone can enjoy them." He replied, in a pleasant tone.
“A demon is capable of that?” John balked.
John consider this. It was something to pull the wool over the genius’ eyes. John realized now that he had sensed a presence in the house when he had woke or perhaps it would be more apt to say that he smelt the remnants of a presence. That remnant now that he thought more about it had a slight familiarity to it. “You know, I could tell that someone had been in the house.” He mused aloud.
The press of his kisses and of his tongue lapping at each of his erect nipples in turn, was not so different.  If anything it was all the more erotic for the changes wrought on his lover and for the wait the two of them had endured, caged by the morals of civilized society.  Here, within his mind, Sherlock would take this.  He would enjoy it for every moaning amorous moment that it provided him with, regardless of knowing that he had slipped out of his mind palace, surely into a state of lucid dreaming, and even though he realized that he was no more in control of what happened.
Marisa’s eyes narrowed, as she tilted her head to the side to look at the vampire. “That was incredibly stupid, John!” she chastised.
The men both stepped back as John gave the inquisitive registrar a nod and the zipper whizzed the gaping black mouth shut to conceal the gruesome scene within. Sherlock was fixed on the white glow of his phone screen as he continued to tap away and scan the information that flashed before him.
The promise of home pulled John’s focus back to the man. He tried to move forward, and Francis let him, maintain his grip around John’s artificially narrowed waist.
The immortal glided quietly and with little notice from the space, nodding to the barista that wished him a good evening before he exited into the night. There was no particular thing he fancied outside of the need to be rid of his hunger and so he let his feet guide him down the sidewalk. He passed a few people bustling about their evening and noticed a grizzled looking woman with a cardboard sign on her lap as she dozed. Wrapped in dirty rags, her unkempt blond hair sticking out from an old knit hat. Her head was lulled against the brick wall of a closed shop entry and the small pack beside her, he knew, carried all of her worldly possessions.
John gave a nod again and admitted, “Always. It never seems to leave me.”
“She’s dead, John.”
Sherlock wanted nothing more than to retaliate, but every fibre in his being resisted, their sole focus at this point life, living, somehow surviving.  He felt his body slide down the wall, the blond head coming to his neck, as the wound where John had bitten him was torn wide.  There was a torturous burning in his veins like molten fire, slowly ebbing into a throb that rode the thin line which bordered pain and ecstasy with each thunderous beat of his heart. It wasn't just his heart pounding in his ears, he could feel the draw of the mouth that now suckled at his jugular.
They exchanged disapproving scowls this time, eyebrows lowered over narrowed eyes, teeth clenched, and jaws tight. Sherlock got bored first—probably never won a staring contest as a child—and gave an exaggerated roll of his piercing eyes. “Lestrade should thank me! His men could use a good running now and then.”
Louis slipped his fingers between Armand’s and pulled him through the grounds and away from the ride while the follower reluctantly sighed.
He was not going to back out of this now, even as Sherlock felt too big and too long for him to take. He knew that wasn’t the case, there wasn’t much of a size difference between them, but why did it have to hurt so much?
“I understand, John, there is no need to say anything more.” Louis said, his eyes genuinely pleased, as his arms encircled the smaller man and they shared a strong embrace.
The doctor was embarrassed at how lame it had sounded but Louis did not seem to notice.  The man’s full mouth parted into a smile that allowed a glimpse at perfectly straight white teeth that gleamed between the pink lips.  “It was a pleasure to meet you.” The silken voice purred and the man took a step past him, moving into the small foyer.
“You knew?” John accused, incredulous.
His heart pumping and his adrenaline now dramatically racing the doctor allowed the detective to pull him back to the street, back to the warm lamp light, the life of the city beyond the death within that hollow.  With the magical touch that Sherlock always seemed to possess a cab was hailed and stopped immediately to pick them up.  The detective pulled the doctor into the cab, demanded they were returned to Baker Street, and finally John wrestled his arm away from the other man.  John put on his seat belt, pressing for an explanation, "What was all that?"
Then he let her go and they both rose from the chair.  Marisa turned her back on Sherlock after one final glance.  She never looked back.  Lestat gave the detective orders to gather his few things, that they would indeed head straight back to London immediately, and Sherlock did not hesitate to cooperate.
“People do like to be called by their actual name.” John said. He got what he wanted. Sherlock looking pissy and petulant. “And, yes, that’s the best way I can describe what happened. He wanted me to stop trying to escape, was trying to explain that I was in trouble. The same people who murdered Mary still wanted to kill me and I was not bloody well going to believe him. So, he showed me what happened that night. He had been there. He stepped in and, well, saved my life. I’m just regretful that I hadn’t been able to save Mary’s.
Before the man had realized it the hospital loomed before him and he had snuck in a side door into a quiet corridor.  It was not hard to memorize Molly Hooper’s rotation at the morgue and as he knew where to find her he had happened upon the brunette within minutes of his arrival.  She was excited and as always awkward with his company.  Her large brown eyes seemed to sparkle up at him from under those straight brows, her thin mouth a quiver as she stumbled nervously over her words trying to make casual conversation when he was so obviously avoiding it.
“Enlightenment, John,” Sherlock said simply. He finally turned, jumping down from the sofa and stepping over the low coffee table to stand beside the doctor. “Lestat explains as much as is known about your species. In this case, it has brought an important fact to my attention.” The man paused in his explanation. “Moriarty was aided or possibly aligned with a demonic force while we were engaged in our little game.”
“You were right you know. Emotion's do not no gender. What I feel for you has nothing-” He broke off and moved into a sitting position, wincing slightly at the dull throbbing he felt. Instead of looking down at Sherlock's amazingly sculpted form, his gaze travelled to the window and he tried again.
He could see Mary then.  The lights came back on and he could see her in his mind.  But it wasn’t how he wanted to remember her—the lifeless grey eyes wide and blank—and he wished the power would go out again so he didn’t have too.
“John!” The name was wrenched from the other man’s throat in a rush as the immortal increased the pace of his fingers, sliding in and out in an age-old dance. He couldn’t imagine never having this again, couldn’t stomach the idea of losing this man, who tore him apart and made him something better. He would destroy anyone or anything that threatened what was his.
The only sound that replied to his pleas for help was a clicking and sliding that evolved into a fizzle and a creek, as the metal slab suddenly pulled back, retracting into the wall like some kind of Star Trek door.  Revealed behind it was a proper door, with silver trimming.  The handle was large and elaborate and the tongue on the top moved, as the person on the other side opened it.
When the luster wore thin of these little amusements then Lestat would turn to the internet and all the joys of the endless online world to find some new adventure to undertake. Some exotic location to explore that he had not yet conquered that he would whisk himself away to, in order to look for something unusual or sensational. It delighted him to no end to read the horrid and often evocative fanfictions that had been written about himself and Louis, as well as the others, on various archives ran primarily by women.  Their imaginations knew no bounds and they would take what he and Louis had penned and create entirely different scenarios and adventures that could be dramatic, hilarious, spectacular, or—his personal favorite—full of heart wrenching angst.
The words had time to soak in, to slip through his pores into his very being, as John raked a frustrated hand back through his short ashen hair.  Then he nabbed Sherlock by the back of the neck, drawing them close, his icy brow meeting the heat of the others.  In earnest he explained, "I chose this...so you didn't die.  I will not embrace this, but I would never take it back.  Not for a second.  Not for anything.  Do you hear me?"
Sherlock had expected this, despite the disappointment that swelled up in him as a consequence.  He turned around to face the flat, drawing up the collar of his coat with the shrug of his shoulders.  The sweep of dark curls across his brow was stirred by the breeze as the Taxi whisked away and the glint of variscite eyes turned to look down the street a second time.  He observed two men emerge from around the corner at the end of the block, joining a few others whom were out, bustling down the sidewalk. The streets were calmer now.
“All I’m saying is, Sherlock being back has put you off.  That’s fine.  The man faked his own death and has now bounced back into your life—“
“Yes.” She said again, her teeth clicking as her jaw moved. Her voice somehow coming out of her severed throat, even though her voice box was lacerated, and her tongue was half eaten by worms. “You are now damned, and I am dead…all because you couldn’t choose me…over him.”
Louis wanted to delve into the human’s opening mind but managed to refrain, knowing that the impressive mortal could just as quickly shut him out—with a painful sting he wished not to receive again.  Instead he listened to what was being freely leaked as the man coasted along the edge of sleep, a fascinating glimpse into the detective’s mind that gripped his attention intensely.
“And what information has she fed you?” Mycroft snapped, disparaging, “Is it even credible?”
John felt the wind crushed out of him, as though those few words had gripped him and squeezed all the air out of him.  He knew that it was because a part of him didn’t want to believe what he had heard and worse yet, he knew it was because another part of him did.  He felt his body stagger back a few steps, felt a sudden ache overcome his brain, as if it were swelling in reaction to the crushing squeeze that still crippled him.  His eyes were on the floor, sightless, as in his mind’s eye thousands of images flashed of Mary, his Mary, sweet Mary.  Smiling, crying, laughing, joking, mocking, angry, sad, and more, as though a projector was skipping slides too fast for the human eye, creating an ever changing animation of the photos of her.
"Stop it!" John's demand was piercing.  The detective felt his ear drums rattling, as he could not help visibly wincing.
Mary crinkled her nose and turned back, as she opened the door.  “Telly is boring.” She commented, just louder than a whisper.  “Go see what Sher—“
“Yes.” The man admitted, the word drawn out a little, his lips drawn back to reveal perfectly aligned teeth—
they heard her muse to herself.  She turned away from both of the gentlemen to hide her slight fluster and she quickly excused herself. “Well, I'll be off to my shows.” She waved a casual hand and bustled away without turning to look back, disappearing through the doorway to her own suite.
“Him against us, John.” Sherlock reminded the vampire. “I am here. Don’t shut me out now.
“What?  The consulting detective and his muse?” Lestat scoffed, devaluing the warning.
With a last deep cleansing breath the doctor turned his attention back to his penthouse prison. Down feathers from torn cushions were strewn about on broken furniture that littered the spacious flat. There was the crunch of broken glass under his feet as he walked towards the bedroom he had awoken in, all the while casually sipping at the rich brew that wafted up from his cup. He had an awkward sense of pride at the level of destruction he had wrought to the expensive furnishings of his captor. Only the bed he had awoken in was spared the viscous onslaught when John had finally snapped, the very same bed he now sought out.
Slowly one eyelid cracked open revealing eyes that to John’s new vision seemed to glow with intelligence. “I thought we agreed to not share a bed.” He muttered the words softly, as he drank in the sight of the detective rolling onto his back, the blanket slipping to expose his lean, well defined chest. Leisurely the man stretched his long form out, fingers grazing against the headboard, feet reaching off the end of the bed before his body relaxed fully.
While he wanted that he was also wary. He hadn’t really considered this aspect when he had decided on what to do about their situation. Have sex with Sherlock, well that was a hell yes, but he hadn’t thought to mentally turn the tables. Sherlock have sex with him? The idea left him feeling vulnerable and exposed. But hadn’t that been exactly what Sherlock had done last night? Made himself vulnerable to John?
Louis couldn’t help but chuckle at the astuteness of the elderly woman that was conveyed in that one simple statement.  “Why would you say that?” he asked, curiously.
With no strain or effort on his part John kept his hips raised, kissing and teasing, as the detective felt his lover’s other hand slip over and around one cheek, a finger pressing and massaging, preparing to gain entry.  The pleasure was immense, his need even more so, as Sherlock’s eyes closed with ecstasy at the skilled touch of his lover’s preparations. First one finger working inside and finally a second.
"Don't be dull." Moriarty emphasized the statement with a dramatic roll of his eyes. He snapped his fingers and Sherlock was slapped violently across the cheek by his own rogue hand. The detective staggered with the surprise of the blow more than the force, though his cheek stung and eyes watered as the pain intensified around his swollen nose.
David wasn’t biting. He simply waited.
“Of course, I did!” he raged at her, wanting to convince her to be rid of that look on her face.
“My, my, Louis. You have found something rather entertaining in these two.” He said aloud as he stood on the edge of the cold mortar of the rooftop across the narrow street overlooking 221B Baker Street. There was surely no one about to hear the vampire’s little exclamation of enjoyment as he watched the scene unfold through the low lit windows of the apartment the detective called home.
The detective stepped back from the window and began to pace the small space of the room.  Revolving between the long sofa and the mantle of the fire place he tried to think, tried to put all the pieces of the puzzle together.  A picture was forming, still indistinct, vague by any means of description, but slowly unveiling as each piece was fit into place.  The woman, the man, the Russian…John.  What could all these strange unexplainable incidents have in common?  Why biting?  Why blood-loss—no!  Blood drinking…
“John?” Just the sound of the consulting detective’s voice made John lose his cool, certain of another smart-ass comment.
The auburn head tipped down, his nose smelling the delightful scents of the liquor, allowing the silence that had settled to remain—swallowing the subtle fact that so far this stage of the evening was becoming somewhat one sided.  It was still comforting to have the other’s presence, to feel the wonder and enjoyment radiate from his companion, to simply watch the man deep within his own reverie.
"It was dangerous." the detective continued.
In the periphery of his blurred vision he could see the thoughts he was gathering from the scene, which he now was the very center of, flashing past.  His vision was blurred and swirled slightly about the edges, between heavy droops of his eye lids, which were hard to thwart.  His heart rate was elevated, the shock of the events still controlling many of his physical functions.  The wound was not critical but did pose a significant risk to his life, as did the man he was left alone with.
“Don’t act so surprised, John.” The detective retaliated, trying and failing to clip the arrogance from his comment.  “It is not as though it is the first time I have had watchers, waiting to pounce, and I can guarantee you that it won’t be the last, given my reputation for collecting them.”
“You and I never had a choice.” She said, her tone deflated and callous. “He was always there between us, even before you knew he was alive.”
"Ah-ah-ah. That one belongs to me and I've got tooooo much invested in him for you to go ruining all my hard work." There was a singsong tone in the voice that answered and despite the unearthly rumbling there was a very uncomfortable familiarity that made the consulting detective’s skin crawl.
He swiveled on the heel of his shoe, to see the detective high on a ladder at one of the book cases.  He put back a volume he held in his hand and then, gripping the metal rungs on either side of the latter, he slipped down to the floor in a quick fluid whiz of motion.  He loped over, in his wide strides, beaming, as he announced, "I'm glad you've come.  Please, sit."
“Truly a surprise, once again, Lestat. Have you been following long or were you just
Louis took the opportunity to continue, giving a short but sweet anecdote, “I was bored and now I’m not.  Much less so after tonight’s event.”  He allowed his tone to slow as he had said the last word, his tongue clicking out the last ‘T’ with well-planned finality.  Then he stood straight again and opened the door to his flat below, issuing a quick good night to the detective.  Just before ducking away, he put a hand theatrically to his mouth and whispered, “I suggest you take a look at your neck as well.  I see that you are bleeding.”
Artwork is my own, linked in from Deviant
It was dark as when he had left. A mantra began to play in his mind, propelling him forward on auto-pilot as he moved as silently as possible.
As he zoned onto the greyish-tan leather of the interior of the now silent luxury car, John was glad that Louis was no longer by his side to warn him of his folly.  For that was truly what this was, a half-hatched plan to track down some rebellion leader with an ancient device capable of great supernatural powers that had ordered the murder of his fiancé.  It all sounded like the crappy predictable plot-line of a summer thriller, starring the most current and dashing tall-dark-and-handsome and his slightly shorter funnier side kick, with a pretty and mysterious woman thrown in on the side.  The vampire wondered again why he was going along with this, when he recognized, not for the first time since they had left London, that his life was not actually at all normal any more and that he should stop making comparisons for the sake of his immortal sanity.
“Shut up. This isn’t you. You’re not real.” John blasted back, still hunched on the ground with his hands in the dirt, rivulets of rain running down from his hair into his eyes.  “He didn’t use me.”
He moistened his lips, feeling the sensation as normal as ever, and cautiously he spoke, “No. This isn’t real. I’m still here. Sherlock is beside me and Ludvik is attacking me.”
The kisses continued, soft and inquisitive, as pink tongues were added and soon the slight frame of the auburn haired youth was pressing against Louis’ own body with each kiss. Louis’ back rested against the rough bark of a massive tree as he allowed himself to be interrogated by the lover in his midst. Deft fingers had found their way to undoing all the buttons of his shirt before he had realized it had happened and with impeccable skill the warm fingers had slid down from the cut of Louis’ jaw. Armand’s thumb followed the lean muscle that ran the length of Louis’ neck before fingers continued to the strong ridge of his collar bone, from there descending in teasing patterns lower and eliciting a low breathy moan from the ruddy lips of the captive man.
Heat and pain were the only things that registered. If there had been even the briefest pause in either then perhaps there would have been thoughts on escape. Some sort of reasoning for the torture now being administered. Anything really, but there hadn’t been any such reprieve since Lestat had been blinked out of the lavish home of the elder Holmes brother and entered this perpetual state of agony.
“Thank you, dear brother, for your time.  I will let you get back to your slice of cake that I so inadvertently had interrupted.” He stood in a flourish of wool coat, spinning on his heel, back erect, as he stalked from the office.  He stopped at the door, hesitating only long enough to point at the barely visible smear of chocolate at the corner of his brother’s mouth.  “It is still calling your name.”
What John wanted was still on the fence. One minute, he wanted to be as far away from the other man as possible, the arctic circle for all he cared, just anywhere that the man wouldn’t find him. The next, he was longing for the Baker Street flat. To be sitting in his chair, reading the paper as Sherlock paced a hole in the living room, playing his violin in deep concentration. No words would be required, and when he would glance up to find the brunet’s unwavering gaze on him, his stomach would feel with teenage butterflies.
The older girl huffed suddenly, “Ah, shit,” and began to pout.
“Sherlock.” He breathed the name as he continued to stare into those fascinating eyes. John wanted to lean in, look closer and memorize exactly how they looked at this moment. “I-” John had begun but broke off when he realized that he still held the other man’s throat. He pulled back sheepishly, fingertips grazing over the perfectly smooth skin before letting his hand fall against his drenched clothing. “I am not gay.”
John nodded his head again, "Yes, alright," he said, before stepping apart from the detective.
Why was that…?
John stretched out in the bed.  He laid like that for another twenty minutes, mostly spent finding patterns in the two-toned scraped stucco texturing on the ceiling that looked like animals or constellations and other random crap, before he finally sat up.  It took a lot more effort than he was expecting, his muscles complaining and fatigued.  The answer popped into his brain like a text message alert:
The woman was nearing the end of the park and as her thoughts moved to her guest list and the wedding meal, the vampire took her.  His hand darted out, much too fast for her to either see nor anticipate, and his mouth was over the pulsing jugular in her neck, when she finally gasped in surprise.  Her scream was garbbled as his teeth broke through the skin and the warm gush of her life giving blood rushed into his greedy mouth.
a monster.” Louis spit, a flit of crimson onto the carpet below, never turning to look at his maker.
“Wait a minute.  Are you saying someone actually tore that man’s throat open?” John clarified, incredulously.
“What?” John heard himself question.
The night air bit at his nose and fingertips, the col breeze that joined it hastening his pace, as he tucked his hands into the knit ends of his jacket and folded his arms about his chest.  Head down, against the breeze he marched in his brisk fashion, hoping that the night air might clear his brain of the fog left after the alcohol and exercise had helped to slow his racing pulse.  His head ached and being he was a damn good doctor he knew it bloody well wasn't from the gin.  His brain felt exhausted, just plain over worked, like finishing finals at the end of term in med school, after hours of cramming.
John felt Sherlock shift, rocking back to remove himself from his position on top. The vampire followed his motion, sitting fully up, wrapping his arms around the taller man, pulling him into a tight embrace. Even after listing the reasons John wanted to run away from this man, the pain in his heart lessened with the firm press of the other’s warm body against his own. Sherlock tensed for the briefest of seconds before melting into the embrace. He coiled his body around the other and stayed that way for a few, much needed moments.
– Vampires…
He had gotten word that a woman had called for him from Donovan—it wasn’t like her to deliver messages about the office, especially regarding Sherlock, but she did seem to still have a soft spot for his land lady.  Perhaps she sympathized.  When Lestrade returned the phone call the woman was insistent that he come to the flat personally.  He had not lied.  He had come as quickly as he could, although he really hadn’t wanted too.
“Busy?” the inspector finally asked.  The tone of his voice sounded casual, yet the detective knew that he was fishing.  Sherlock, however, was not quite prepared for what the other man asked next.  “John’s left ya’ again, huh?  Run on home to the misses?”
Molly was wringing her hands, beginning to stumble over her words, and so Sherlock diverted his gaze back to the corpse, in order for the young woman to regain her concentration, finding the injury to be far more interesting. Molly managed to finish the explanation she had started rather quickly by adding, "It's just that the amount of blood-loss that the body exhibits is rather unusual."
John's mouth and teeth scrapped against his skin, kissing and nipping, the press of those sharp fangs ever present as the man moved slowly lower.  All the while his lips and tongue worked, so did his hands.  One hand held his arms tangled in the knot of his own dress shirt, as the other worked open the front of his trousers with but a flicker of movement—so fast. He was suddenly exposed, his pants pulled down so that his straining cock was freed.  Sherlock could feel his erection pressing hot and ready against the cooler fingers of the immortal that gripped him, those fast hands slowly deliberate, as they began to work up and down his length.
.  “I have to admit, Mr. Holmes, your occupation has an undeniably compelling attraction.”
David seemed to be cognitively aware of his sudden agitation and yet it did not bother the other immortal.  He simply continued, making a see-saw motion with his flat palm as he corrected, “Not specifically, no.  Monitoring supernatural events and beings, including vampires.”
His body too had undergone similar changes. It was hard now where it had never quite been before and his profile was shockingly erect and…for lack of a better word, perfect.
"And my thoughts pass to you coherently, then." the detective ascertained.
“What about my
It was endearingly adorable, John caught himself thinking, only to realize he was picking up some of her companion’s thoughts and feelings as he studied the duo with his immortal gifts.
The sloshing of the rain accumulated on the street drew his attention to the sudden stop of a black limousine beside him.  The window rolled down and inside he could see the nose of his brother poke out, as Mycroft demanded sharply, “Get in, little brother.”
The doctor's mouth twitched with amusement, but he leaned his hands down on the edge of the high mattress, and answered, "Ugh, no, Sherlock. I'm afraid spooning after that conversation might not be in our best interests. You're really drunk..." he was unable to stop the unbidden laughter that rose in his throat.  He shook his head and finished, "I can't believe it...and what was it? Two, maybe three glasses?"
“Sorry chap!” The first man called back over his shoulder as he quickly stumbled away with his ‘handsy’ female companion into the London night.
John’s mouth curled up at the corners. “When you… were gone, the hardest part of it all, I think, was leaving Baker Street,” the vampire confessed in a hushed tone. “Mrs. Hudson, bless her, made a valiant stand against it. She didn’t want to deal with it either. I just… I couldn’t bear the thought of… of being there without…” He let out a soft chuckle that sounded closer to a choke. “…your weird experiments, your random violin playing, your mess, your silent contemplation. Without you.”
When he was finished the immortal sat back, reveling in the euphoria that passed over and through him, equally as rapturous as a mortal orgasm. Finally satiated, he observed the dead boys at his feet with a cool detachment was most certainly inhuman.  He had not bothered to check if they were deviant, if they deserved what he had given them, and for a blessed moment he did not care.  He had acted on instinct—a part of him that was trained and a part of him that was new and different.  He was slightly unsure how he would feel tomorrow about their deaths but for now, he had the dirty business of disposing of the bodies.
"Is that so?" A dark eyebrow rose in perfect time with the questioning hitch of the man’s tone.  "See…now you don't strike me as the kind who plays fair. I like that about you, I think we have that in common.  Oh, I bet the two of us could bring down this whole world, but I don't think you have the stamina for my games."
The slender finger pointed out and pushed the dim-yellow lit buzzer for the lower unit the one he knew Louis was renting. Instead of the tall and regal figure of his lover, he was instead greeted by the kindly and very short older lady whom owned the flat. The woman had answered the door rather quickly, having heard the buzzer go and being close at hand, Lestat gathered.
As the purple silk left his fingers he caught sight of the wardrobe out of the corner of his eye and another thought drifted into his mind. The last time he had searched the room for drugs he remembered seeing several ties hanging in there. He had never seen the genius wear one and at the time had wondered about them. He knew that they would make a decent binding.
Francis spun around at the voices. “Excuse me? I am taking my drunk friend home.”
David stood straight and suspiciously eyed the blond. “How is it that you don’t know where you have come from? And how exactly did you ‘let’ yourself out? The creature you were dealing with doesn’t seem like the kind to leave doors unlocked.”
Worst yet, why didn't he remember what had happened? When the idea crossed his mind to consider it there was a sharp flash of white, the roar of clashing cymbals ringing in his head, as pain radiated from behind his jaw and into the back of his eyes.
Sherlock needed no more encouragement than that. As his back left the wall his hands dropped to settle against John’s hips. Nails bit sharply into the rain damped fabric of his trousers and the detective rolled their hips together in a sensual motion. As much as John wanted to just shove him against the wall again and continue what they were doing, he had a better idea. He released his grip on one side of the shirt and slid his hand into the soft mass of dark curls. He brought the younger man’s mouth down to him and began to back up, the genius matching him step for step.
Armand was the ‘Botticelli Angel’, fallen to earth and cast to the damned. Lestat? He was just damned and damned selfish! It was ludicrous and outright infuriating!
Louis himself was a watcher.  He loved to simply occupy his time and boredom with the watching of others—an act which his maker firmly abhorred and often vehemently remonstrated.  It was one of the many spikes that was constantly being driven between the mutual attraction that drew them together again and again.  Lestat preferred action.  Why watch when you could interfere?  Although admittedly the man himself would not consider it interference.  He would produce words more eloquent and obscure to describe his impingement.  No poetry, however, could detract from the fact that a demonic creature was meddling with the helpless lives upon which it preyed, from whence it had come.  It was not natural, not the way of the world, as Lestat liked to allude—not in Louis’ mind.
“Belgium?” David repeated, confused, “Where are they going?”
John felt the quirked lift at the corner of his mouth as he took in this visage of the man, exposed in a way that the doctor had yet to experience. The mad genius was almost vulnerable like this. Most certainly adorable, now that his prickly demeanour and scathing forthrightness was turned off by the basic human necessity of recharging.
The space was cramped, barely two abreast across, with straight brick on either side and a dark ending that wreaked of garbage and mildew and other unsavory body fluids this new life had left John without.  Despite it all, he came down onto his haunches, pressing the pads of his fingers to his temples, clenching his teeth.  He could feel his fangs rubbing against the inside of his lips, a grating reminder of his pressing need to feed.  He regretted having not had the chance before Lestat had herded them into that damned study for his own cruel amusement.
Sherlock’s hand had quickly clasp over the wound to assess the damage to his throat, finding it wet he drew his fingers back to reveal the scarlet stain of blood as the brunet fought the conflicting emotions running rampant through him. The arousal of that unexpected moment replaced by shock and confusion at the incident as much as the words that had passed those lips, still tinted red with the consulting detectives own blood, the tone and choice of words was almost removed from the man who had spoken them. The macrocosm that existed in the Baker Street flat was tilting on its axis at the perplexity of what had just transpired between the two men. John’s gaze was accusatory, no longer did the half-lidded glaze of undeniable lust shine in his eyes while he began to rise from the floor.
“I must admit, this is a far cry from a garish high-rise.” Louis's tone was genuine and more relaxed now as he admired the quiet street. The well kept brick home was situated in the shadow of an ancient oak tree that provided more privacy then the houses neighboring it on either side, otherwise it's equal in the style and construction.
Sherlock finished a quick text on his mobile and finally answered his question.  “That was Moriarty.”
Sherlock’s gaze was turned away, staring fixedly out into the crisp night, as they skirted along the busy streets. The press of John’s thigh against his own when the doctor slid along the worn leather seat into the taxi had caused a rush of familiar and unwanted sensations to wash over him. It was not something he could allow to distract him from his current focus, there was no point, things were different now. John had told him as much in words and actions, and yet, here he was. Peevishly fussing and mumbling about ‘lack of consideration’ and how he was required to be home at a ‘reasonable’ hour but still sitting at the detective’s side on the way to the Morgue, with no idea what awaited him.
John's gaze was just as penetrating, truly acrimonious in countenance.  There was no mistaking his anger, his palpable conviction of injustice and violation.  "Stop looking at me like I am a damn science experiment.  Look at
“Yes, I’m sure.” David supplied with a sigh, glancing at the undrained dead mortal at their feet now.
If anyone was, it was Jim Moriarty.  Had he not used people as living bombs in a game to entertain himself? To challenge Sherlock into a battle of wits? He really had won. The pool had hardly been the end of that game and the roof top had not been either. They were still playing.
John stood and straightened his shirt, quickly checking to make sure he had not marred his own clothing in process. He mussed with his hair again, deciding to leave the body were it was, slumped in the snow against the paint peeling boards of the waning fence. Someone would find the man eventually. Just another unexplained death.
“And you think that is our best guess with Moriaty?”
now, isn’t it, Sherlock? The world’s
Sherlock’s teeth grazed softly down the shaft, his mouth lowering until he had taken all of John in. John’s eyes widened in shock and he forced himself to be completely still as he felt the automatic constricting at the back of the other man’s throat, amazed that the detective had been able to deep throat him. But this was Sherlock, he couldn’t do anything by half measures.
He’d done everything within his power over the last few months to not look anyone in the eye, not even a glance askance. Sherlock was forcefully removing that self-imposed blinder. Now that John was truly examining the man sitting atop him, reality hit him like a swift right hook to the gut. It knocked the breath out of him. The vampire forgot to breathe, so lost in the zone that consumed him.
“What has it done to him?” Sherlock demanded, surprised by his own panic, as he turned desperate eyes on her.
“Even creatures like Moriarty?” the detective threw out there, like a baited line.
“It was no problem, Mrs. Hudson. Simply good timing.” Louis smiled at his landlady, her eyes turning away suddenly as she blushed a little and scooped back up her bags.
With the other immortal frozen in his grasp Lestat gently began to escalate the wayward adventures of his hands over the other’s still hard form.  His gloved fingers trailed from the man’s throat, where his lips pressed lingering caresses and his teeth soft teasing nips, down the lean length of his torso, slipping under the hem of the dingy worm jumper.  Lestat was not sure that it was possible for Louis to tense more within his ravishing clutches, yet there was a renewed tautness to all the muscles of his being.  He could feel the clench of the other’s jaw, the bob of his adams apple, the grind of his molars, as his one arm entangled the ebony haired man’s waist and forcefully drew their two body’s together.
“John.” Sherlock looked at John with a bored expression.
Sherlock watched the vampire, still as modest as ever, trying to gently coax the brunette from her daze without verbally calling her out on it.  Her small grey eyes blinked blankly a few times. Then they went white with knowing and her face shot beet red from her round chin to the tips of her ears. She stammered apologizes in clear english.  “I—ugh, I am so sorry…what would you like to order?”
Sherlock’s eyes lit up. “Oh! Fascinating!” he exclaimed.
“I apologize if I startled you,” He took a playful step back from the door and gave a quick bow, lying smoothly, “My name is Daniel.  I'm a friend of Louis, whom I understand has rented the lower flat.  He told me that he had the most delightful land lady and I cannot help but assume that it was you he was referring to. I had just come by to see how he was settling in and—,”
John seemed to stiffen more, if that were even possible, before breaking the embrace.  He gave Sherlock a lop-sided half-grin, before flicking his eyebrows at him and commenting, “Now you’re scaring me, Sherlock.”
Sherlock inhaled deeply and then began regurgitation his analysis for the man that seemed fit to make him dance.  “Most certainly a psychopath, extremely narcissistic, with a pension for violence and utter cruelty.  A desperate desire to capture and hold attention from others, with the continual inability to garner it from those whom you feel you deserve it from the most.  Trouble establishing and maintaining relationships, unaided by poor self-control and extreme impulsiveness.  Obviously highly intelligent –“
The bedroom door was closed, it too had been replaced—
The boy shuddered against the immortal as he greedily drained the life from the other, drinking in the savagery and desperation of the dyeing thoughts as he was drug along forcefully towards his own death. No effort was given to offer the reprieve of enjoying his embrace, instead, every grace that had been offered to the many victims he had wronged, was returned to him. The thunder of the others heart began to stutter and on the precipice of the great nothing, Lestat pulled back with a gasp of ecstasy as he broke the embrace. The hot flush was liquid fire in his veins and coursed through him, enriching the world around him, vision crisping with all other senses springing to life with a greater vibrancy. Holding the weak body in his arms, he listened to the shallow breathing and watched the other slipping in and out of consciousness. The youths mind was fevered and haunted by the faces of the people he had wronged and the violence of his childhood as much as the unknown creature that held him high above the London streets.
Moriarty’s smile deepened, as he tipped his head in his direction and answered with a pleasant sigh, “But immensely satisfying.”  Glancing back down he lolled his head back and forth as he mumbled, “Now, where was I?  Oh, yes!”  He flicked his fingers in a beckoning motion, “Angel, bring up the deceased.”
The door unlocked and he turned with an eyebrow raised, as he was handed a white envelope with his name in beautiful crisp blank ink across the front. The older lady eyed him like a curious school girl waiting to hear the name signed on the bottom of a friends love letter.
The vampire’s eyes moved off of the man for the first time since they had landed on him, drifting to the desktop where his hand reached up and spun the globe in the corner.  As the creature watched the small round sphere spin in its holder, Mycroft watched him.  He was truly surprised to have been given an opportunity to meet the vampire.  The beings’ kind were but a whisper that the truly gifted mind had only heard snippets of, deep within the catacombs of some of the most ancient of places and organizations beneath the surface of the British Government and Intelligence.  Whispers were all Mycroft needed.
“Sherlock! Don’t be slamming my doors or I’ll be increasing your rent!” Mrs. Hudson snipped in annoyance, while Louis did his best to relax. “What were you looking for, Sherlock?”
Sherlock had just straightened and turned to face him when John bodily pinned him to the closed door. His brain stuttered for a moment as his body fell flush against Sherlock’s. He had a flash of the man naked and panting beneath him, eyes locked with his own as sweat glistened on his skin. Arousal tingled along his nerves and John inhaled deeply, breathing in the scent of the younger man’s skin and cologne.
He began to make an apology to the other man for Sherlock’s odd hobbies, only to suddenly realize Louis had left.  He heard the door shut at the end of the foyer and considered how weird it was that the other man had just up and vanished.  Shaking his head, he slowly stepped towards the staircase.  Sherlock was obviously up to something.
This threw the doctor off a bit.  He hated to admit it but he knew very little about the lovely woman’s past, which had been much of her own doing.  That didn’t matter now, she was gone, and he had an eternity to dwell on all the things that he did or did not do before, so he answered the scholarly vampire as honestly as he could.  “She was an orphan…moved around a lot.  She’d only lived in London for a couple of years.”  It was painful to say the things that came to his mind aloud.  There were so few of them.  So finally he raised his hands in his own defense and admitted candidly, “To be honest, I never really pressed.  She always seemed so sad when I asked her.”
"Well, quite a lot it appears." the detective said, his eyes darting back momentarily to the laptop, before he finally pushed it aside.  He laced his fingers together on the desk top in front of him and squared his shoulders.  By the time he finally had out with it, John's molars were grinding.  "This is my mind palace."
done with her?!”
“But this agent thinks otherwise.” Mycroft surmised, impatiently.  “Why?”
John's frown deepened into more of a scowl, but underlying it Sherlock knew that the vampire was considering this well.  He knew his point was valuable—Sherlock did not waste his time basing an argument on a point that wasn’t of value.  The restaurant was also one of the few places in the city that he relatively could stand eating at that was open this late on a weekday.
“I need you there.” Sherlock didn’t pause in his rummaging through the wardrobe as he spoke. His statement was muttered distractedly, as though he were running through a variety of different situations, not a single thought on the position he was currently trying to put John in.
There was no point to hiding his nature from the man. This man knew him and knew almost everything that had happened. He was in fact, one of the only people who did, who could know because now he had a very important reason to be private. Refusing to get caught on introspection of what his world would now look like, John instead walked around to the opposite side of the kitchen table. Crossing his arms over his chest he glanced over all collection of papers, scraps, notes, photos and the like.
Lestrade was taken aback by that.  He had dismissed the awful thoughts that haunted him in his weakest moments, when he was tired and worried sick about his friend and his fiancé.  Losing Mary would put John Watson right back to where he had been.  Was that why he was missing?  His dark eyes shot back to Sherlock, who seemed to want to evade the intense gaze and scrambled out of the leather chair.  The detective began to pace, his feet seemingly at war with where his mind felt that he should go, his hands the entire time fidgeting.  It all put the inspector very much ill at ease.
Louis sighed and contemplated his reply, before he opted instead to call. Hitting the call button there was one ring before the voice on the other end answered.
"I am so very sorry for you to have been caught up in all of this. Good luck, Sherlock Holmes." Sherlock felt the tickle in his mind that this immortal was just as dangerous as Lestat but that he would look out for John because John was valuable to Louis and he cared deeply for the raven haired immortal.
He really was slipping away from humanity, little by little each night that passed.
As if the pain of the rent flesh wound had been somehow circumvented by his thought processes the landlady’s blatant reference back to it broke this and the pain returned double fold, radiating out with each pulse of his thrumming heart rate.  He could hear his molars grind together, from both her inopportune intrusion and to fight the searing ache.  He wanted both of them gone and so without a word he paced to the door, slamming it shut.  Mrs. Hudson gave a grumble of complaint, muttering under her breath all her grievances, as he heard her turn and begin to make her way back down to her own flat.  Then the dark haired man turned back around, his feet desiring to return to their pacing, when his eyes caught the edge of a shadow that was unfamiliar to him.
John picked at the fraying hem on the back of his chair. “Even harder, though, was coming back.” He swallowed, and his eyes changed then. They hardened, losing what little warmth the memories had given him. “I couldn’t understand it, Sherlock. I hated you for what you did. Then you came back, and you were here, and I couldn’t join you. Staying away was one of the hardest things I’ve ever committed to.”
Nevertheless, they ended up in the morgue, discussing the drug mule and the road splatter, which had both inevitably come through Bart’s hospital.  The drug mule had already been processed and had moved on, the road splatter was still accounted for but not within Molly’s care and so unable for Sherlock to see on such short notice.
Sherlock groaned, shaking his head and throwing his arms petulantly up into the air. He slapped them back down against the tops of his thighs like an exasperated tween, as he blustered, “Good gracious, no! Not that!”
John smiled then.  That old,
“I’m in the middle of something, so no, I won’t be buggering off,” Sherlock growled indignantly in return, bending down to retrieve the large yellow foam ear pads from the floor where John had knocked them.
John shrugged as much as the tight dress would allow. He refused to look at the man, wishing that he were home, or with Sherlock, not wearing this bloody awful contraption.
As if in conflict with that sentiment he raised his eyes and held his head a little higher.  Lestat certainly was not one to shrink away and he supposed he understood why.  They were powerful, much more power than John had ever imagined possessing, and he could simply disappear if he so chose.  If he wanted to stick to the shadows he could be high flying across the rooftops out of sight, but the thought of that was even more supernatural than strolling amongst people on the sidewalk.
Mycroft’s head fell back as the vampire pressed one finger into the man. This made David’s smile quirk and his eyes darkened with lust.  He worked a slow pattern, each twist and gentle thrust making Mycroft pant and moan.  A sharp gasp of breath as a second finger joined the preparations and the vampire’s own erection was beginning to strain against the constraints of his jeans.  The other man’s own need was just as apparent, his erection flexing upwards as if pleading to be taken.
"So you think this is a serial thing?  That someone's doing this to these bodies and is choosing convenient targets to not draw attention to themselves?" The last was more of a statement or summary of Sherlock's monologue but the detective did not seem to adamantly agree with it.
"How are you enjoying your little stay in London? Do you plan to stay long or is this simply a... 'vacation'?" There was no denying the amusement that played across the pale pink curve of cupids bow lips.
He felt the hot press of the mouth again, the lick of the reddened tongue against the painful tender trauma of the bite, and then the words, “Last chance or he dies.”
“What does it say?” he asked.  It came out in a rush, almost a bark, but the old woman did not seem to take offense.
Mrs. Hudson rubbed her arms, watching the man turn away from her.  “What on earth has come over you?  You’ve always been a little strange, deary, but lately it’s been getting plain scary.  Have you spoken with John lately?  He’s always been a good help—?”
A hand reached out and pinched his cheek, giving his head a little shake.  “You wouldn't leave him alone now would you?  Immortality is best accomplished in the company of the few friends who would have us and John is certainly the only one who would have you.  He gave his life for you after all.”
“What would going after them solve?” David asked, like a well-trained lawyer in a courtroom, skillfully playing devil’s advocate. “It’s a shame that murder should beget murder.”  He paused and licked his lips, his eyes sympathetic and calculating as they regarded the doctor.  Finally, he added, “I do understand your grief and your desire for retribution.  If it had been my lover I may feel the need to seek the same outcome, but this will bring you nothing—,”
’. Always ‘for
“Normal is boring, John,” the consulting detective quipped, marching through the kitchen to the bathroom.  “It’s a waste of time.”  Then he escaped into the room, closing the door behind him.
John planted his fists on his hips and peevishly responded, "Oh? What's that? The fact you're terrible at cleaning up?"
Lestrade gave her a nod and a quick, whispered, “a’ight,” before he started slowly up the steps to the upper flat of her only remaining resident.  She explained as he went that she thought the detective was laying across the door.  That was why she had called.  She could not open it and felt for sure the man had done himself in or something of that nature, for he had failed to rouse.
Morning had come all too soon and he had rose to the unbearably silent flat, still cluttered with half completed experiments and paperwork as it always had been.  There was no one in the kitchen making tea or breakfast, no one sitting in the living room reading the paper or watching the news on the telly, and there certainly wasn’t anyone in the bathroom.  Passing the open doorway to the bathroom, as he trudged in his wrinkled white shirt and dark trousers towards the kitchen, made the detective’s mind rouse the curious memory of the last time he and John had shared it.  It was like the ping of text message on a mobile, the thought suddenly there, the visual in front of his mind’s eye of John’s fingers in the water, tracing up and down his bare sides.
The Thirst. It was a clawing annoyance that was ever present, ever looming, with the possibility of consuming him entirely. When he fed on the other vampire’s immortal blood it was like nothing else he had ever experienced. It was powerfully erotic—something which John had not expected—even more so than the throes of a mortal orgasm had been. Even though Louis and John had grown close over the last several weeks of travel and teaching, the reactions that he felt to the taste of his mentor’s blood hitting his palate and the intimate mental connection that ensued were all still so foreign to him. It all was.
This game was getting aggravating.  Sherlock hated the trivial way that normal people conducted conversations and was bowing to acquiesce as such to this girl, who was deliberately avoiding the practice.  He was thinking of something rude to point out that he had deduced about her, but she beat him to it, "The name Marisa Smyth."
"Armand..." Louis began then stopped himself. He couldn't think of anything more to say.  Armand was right, whether it had been gleaned from his mind unknowingly or that the other really did know him so well. He preferred to think it the latter and so he rose from the chair and replaced his errant pile of books back in the shelves from whence they had came. Slipping on his coat from the back of the chair he stopped before the other immortal who looked up into to the fractured emerald eyes of the man before him.
Both men hesitated then, their chests laboring, as they eyed one another across the short distance.  The forest was pitch black but with their immortal vision it mattered little.  John could see his opponent clearly.  Lestat’s mouth turned up into a smirk, as he struck a casual pose, like a well versed actor taking a short break on set. He mockingly applauded his fledgling, gratifyingly admitting, “You’re stronger than I had hoped. The blood suits you, John, but you must know you cannot possibly beat me.”
“It’s really quite simple, John.” The silken voice said, “Either you live forever or…Sherlock dies.”
"In chess you never keep two pieces on the same square. You will see him tomorrow night, the plan is to take both of you out of London for a time, until things settle." There was an uncomfortable open ended tone to the words, as Louis shoulders relaxed a little and his eyes glanced about the penthouse.
That thought suddenly became the grounding point of his focus, he knew there was a pub but a stones throw from where he was now. So with singular determination he took the first step out of the ally, marching with precision towards his new destination. There would be the customary grungy bathroom and there he could properly inspect his mouth for the wound that would explain the taste of blood on his palate. He could have a drink and think, and then get home to Mary. After all, it was late when he had run out.  It would set her off if he burst back into their home in the wee hours of the morning with delusions of biting Sherlock Holmes.
He stared at the detective made his way to the open door, wanting to stop him but not sure how. Just before stepping out Sherlock stopped and turned his head to look over his shoulder at John for the first time since they had finished. John would have thought that the fire in those eyes would have dimmed, but if anything, they blazed brighter then ever. “Emotions do not know gender, John. That would have been just as real had one of us been a woman.” With those last words, Sherlock straightened his spine, turned and calmly strode out.
The vampire hailed a taxi.  Sherlock eyed him suspiciously.  "Taxi, John?" Sherlock asked with skepticism.
It was difficult enough to take the thought of this item seriously without the ludicrous appearance of this sketch. There was a small message in fine cursive at the bottom of the paper that read: ‘Origin Unknown, C.D. 14 000 B.C.’ The concept alone was causing a slow aching throb to form behind his eyes. The mystery of this item was not his concern and though he was loath to admit it, it was out of his depth and so it was best to simply accept that this was the object they were looking for and to deny his mind’s mental longing for more data.
The man’s hands were drawn together, the tips of his fingers pressed against his lips, still lost within his damnable mind palace.  The sleeves of his purple dress shirt were drawn up on his forearms, their length peppered with three—no, four—nicotine patches!  His flat mate was a mad man in the constant pursuit of knowledge and he was bloody well going to kill himself trying.
The thunderous pounding of feet running down the stairs caused the dear Mrs. Hudson to turn with a start.  The door of the flat clicked shut behind her just as the tall figure of Sherlock came bounding down the stairs with the doctor fast on his heels.
Sherlock clung to him, nails biting into his back and side as he groaned. “Harder John, you can’t break me.” The words were breathy, almost too low to hear. The detective scored his nails down John as Sherlock bit his neck as if to make his point.
"I was contacted by an old friend of mine and I thought it warranted a visit. Fancy that it had to do with you." There was obvious displeasure in his tone.
Lestat did not return that evening and eventually the detective gave in to sleep.  Marisa left shortly after the tea and did not return.  He assumed that she was with her puffins.  As far as he could tell she was as much an enigma as her employer was.  It seemed that the two may possibly have known each other prior to this arrangement or else she was indifferent to his human plight.  She seemed most insouciant to his being there all together.
of you think, it is my choice, and I have already made it!”
Yet, this could not be real.
Then the images stopped.  His mind was blank, black, for a long silent moment, filled only with a lingering sense of trepidation.  Then his eyes opened to the warm light of the penthouse suite and Louis was there just above him, body still pressed against his, and on his lips John could see a soft smear of red, before the red tongue darted out and swiped it away.
Lestat stood panting and bloody on the cracked marble tile, his icy blue eyes assessing the gaunt devil that stood across from him. The man was thin with short cropped black hair and eyes that seemed impossibly pitch. It only added to the confirmation that the creature in front of him was not another vampire but something else, something stronger and more dangerous than he himself, and it infuriated the immortal. The man had mocked him at every chance and seemed to easily beat back any attack Lestat had thus far attempted.
Then the vision moved, stood up, walked to Mary’s slumped form.  The white hands took her and her body was pliable in his grip, her head flopping lifelessly back, mouth open, eyes wide and blank with death.  The fingers checked for a pulse, then settled her back down, and returned to John’s own limp form.
John reached out a hand and tapped his first three fingers in succession against its metal side. The box gave a melodic tap-tap-tap back, the sound deep and echoing.
The detective cocked his head slightly to one side, looking down into the anxious eyes of his cohort. “You need some, John,” was all he said.
“John, stop!” Sherlock’s cry was fierce in his ear drum, as he felt hot hands pressing against either side of his face.
The doctor checked the time. Grabbing a journal from his cluttered desk, he made note of the sleep period for further analysis and comparison before he gently roused his flat mate.
The head nodded again, eyes narrowing in challenge, as the man gave a subtle, “So far.”
The golden skinned vampire’s gaze turned to Lestat casually, with no apprehension. He had no problem acquiring this knowledge from Lestat through the blood link.
John heard his own cry echo throughout the penthouse, as a wrenching tearing pain ripped into the flesh.  With a sickening pang he realized that the vampire’s teeth were deep in his neck and he was helpless to stop them.  The creature had a hold of his left arm, stretching it out to expose the thick trapezious muscle that stretched from the middle of his throat to the top of shoulder.  It was turned at enough of an angle that any movement or resistance on his own part might dislocate his own shoulder.  The other hand held his right forearm, the phone was still in his hand, the screen illuminated and facing him.
He decided quickly that he was not going to think anymore of John, or John and Mary, or about the tension that still seemed to linger between the two men—that was apparently palpable to those that knew them, as what he would consider marginally.  He cleared that packet away, unsolved and still raw.  The next to be put aside was the unfortunate man in St. Bart’s morgue and the older woman, whose deaths appeared to circumstantially be connected.  Unsolved and still very intriguing.  He focused instead on that smallest bundle, those thoughts that festered with the lingering sensation that had caused his brain to stop, brought his senses to full alertness, and left the hairs of the back of his neck raised.
Why had Sherlock…?  Why did he…?  Why was it that the thought of his flatmate ripping his clothes off in a darkened pool aroused him?
The rich deep chime of Lestat’s laughter filled the cool night air around him, as the devilish immortal watched the charming scene unfold in the London flat. Ruddy lips, warm with his recent feed, spread into a seductive smile as he felt all of the embarrassment and arousal and then, immediate shame of the detectives faithful and conflicted companion as he happened upon his former lover in the tub.
That was enough throwing objects, already John's words of warning had proven true. John was in the same state of repose from the first time he had deflected the assault Sherlock was launching. The consulting detective left the basement after a few moments of consideration and returned quickly with a broom acquired from a cleaning closet, a wooden tiki mask he had plucked from a wall, and a pair of leather gloves that he had brought with him. The mask was likely unnecessary but it would offer some level of protection to his face and throat should things fly back his way again. Gloves on, mask pulled down over his face and broom in hand the detective cautiously approached the sleeping form of the vampire that was John.
Normally this would be cause for a well thrust barb but Sherlock hadn’t the time now.
"You always decline." Lestat snapped in a peevish voice he was purposefully restraining to a hush. Sinister blue eyes caught his fledgling from overtop of the gold frames, dark with an almost theatrical contempt and hurt--that Louis could easily shrug off.  In an attempt to dissuade his immanent rejection the man quickly volleyed back, "It doesn't seem to matter how I insist you can always find a means to decline."
Sherlock didn't know what to say to that, so he deflected.  "Lestat must be paying you well or else it is obvious that you wouldn't."
"Thank you for signing for me. They are beautiful." It was true.
“I too regret that. Very much.” Sherlock said, sounding guilt stricken. It was an odd emotion to hear on the detective’s voice, but John appreciated it. “I caused you a lot of grief with my…unceremonious return into your life. I just…I didn’t think.”
"Yes, John and I need you to promise that you are not going to throw anything else over the balcony." to compound the tension in Johns muscles came the scolding tone in the rich timbers of his deep voice.
It was dark and small, smelling the way only old musky castle towers could. They were inside Karlstejn somewhere. It was a stone corridor, cramped, with a round low ceiling that made it impossible to stand upright. John was absent. Sherlock was not as impressed by her abilities now and he glared at the girl.
God, no wonder people enjoyed doing this. The thought flashed in his head for a moment before he groaned again, Sherlock was trying to add a third finger. The low burn went up a notch, but he was distracted from that by the teeth grazing across his cock and the hand that had found his balls.
“What are you on about?!” John exploded, twisting on his heel and pacing the other direction around the island in the kitchen.  His free hand raked back through his mussed hair, nearly pulling it out, as he tried to piece some kind of believable reality together.  “You know this is kidnapping, yeah?” it sounded lame, idle, and the doctor could feel his mouth grow dry, as he attempted to threaten the man on the other end, “This won’t last.  There will be people looking for me.”
“That still doesn’t make any sense though.  John would
The doctor was thankful that the toilet’s position beside the clawfoot tub prevented their eyes meeting, unless the man were to sit up and turn directly.  He sighed and sat back on the lid, folding his arms over his chest.  “Yes.” He said, “Don’t act all innocent.  She said that you had been texting her all day.”
It was a homemade water chamber, a ballistics firing range for bullet comparisons. This was what forensics used to compare the identifying bullet markings from gun barrels—or at least a smaller hastily built version of one. John had no doubt that it served its purpose. Sherlock did not skimp on research when it came to his weird little experiments.
Licking his suddenly dry lips, John opened his mouth to tell the man to leave only to draw in a sharp breath as nail grazed along the inside of his forearms. Sherlock’s eyes darted down as he did, staying locked on his lips for a long moment. Scrunching the jumper in his hands he tossed the material into a basket. “Get in bed John.” The genius took a slow step back, not looking away.
“That’s not a real answer.” He snapped, with a dramatic roll of his eyes, “Safe from what?”
Nothing more was said between them as the time silently passed and the sleek car sped onward.  They crossed the channel into France and soon they had past through Brussels.  John could sense that dawn was drawing close and suddenly realized that he had failed to discuss this inevitability with his comrade.  John had not thought this part of the adventure through himself and quickly began to wonder what he was going to about the deathly sunrise, when Sherlock glanced at him and cheekily remarked, “You could ride the day through in the boot.  Would certainly help us to keep time.”
“I could drop you from here, hmmm?  Oh and what a pretty little mess you’d make for my friend to figure out.” The vampire let the man slip from his grasp to plummet to the street below.  Yet after only a moment of terrifying free fall his thin wrist was hastily snatched from the air. The sickening pop of the joint was heard before the shoulder gave way under the sudden strain of his weight and the force of the drop. A pitiful and painfully weakened cry parted the blue-tinged lips, as his victim dangled hopelessly. Tears began to streak down the pale cheeks. He was too weak to look up and the salty fluid pooled on his chin before slipping free and falling the long decent to the concrete below.
Sherlock was not one of his brother’s underlings, however, and he quickly moved to dissent his brother’s request.  “If I didn’t know that was powdered donut on your lapel, Mycroft, I would swear that you’ve been snorting cocaine.”  The rude comment made his brother, who was normally so reposed, bristle with shocked contempt—which brought a small curl to the corner of the detective’s mouth that vanished just as quickly as it had appeared.  “You know I can’t leave.”
Ignoring the flannel as it fell to the ground with a wet splat he found himself startled by the other man’s strength. While he knew that Sherlock was stronger than he looked, he hadn’t expected the act of dragging him up to be as easy a feat as the man made it appear. Still, this was not helping his throbbing his head or aching muscles and John shook off the warm hands. “Sherlock-”
"Surprised?" John repeated the word, unsure what the man was getting at.  All of this was surprising.
cognisant sibling would ever want to see.
“Ludvik is the key,” the detective countered. “If he wants to start a war with the demonic forces, then it stands to reason that he must possess the means to fight them.”
It certainly didn’t win him any favors.  John’s face remained the same, but his eyes sparked with something else, more feral.
Sherlock grit his teeth and grumbled his protestation as he plugged the mobile in to charge.  Then he left to grab some take away so as not to disturb his newly started experiment in the kitchen.
His laughter stopped when he caught sight of what looked like a post card, ripped in two, amongst all of the other paper refuse that cluttered the coffee tables top.  Was that why the detective had gone back to the flat?  He was taking John’s request seriously after all.
John sighed and dropped his head, rubbing a frustrated hand over the back of his head and neck, as he felt that his jeans were even tighter than before.  He considered the result of his previous thoughts on conditioning and weighed them against the disadvantages he was experiencing with the process, when Sherlock’s voice cut through his musings, “Why did you come tonight, John?”
Sherlock became lost in the exchange.  The connection allowed things to flow both ways between them, thoughts and memories of Lestat’s beginning to slowly mingle with his own, as though they were now weaved in and of one another.  He had been here before but somehow this was different.  This was of purpose and Lestat did as he had promised, allowing the memory of that fateful event in the penthouse to rise to the surface above all the others, like oil on top of water.
An hour later she finally heard him moving about the flat above her own and around supper she was certain it was the detective that let the door slam closed as her left the building.
Sherlock continued his slow motions and John became more accustomed to it. He couldn’t say that he particularly enjoyed this, but it wasn’t so bad now. Then the man hit his prostate. Trembling waves of pleasure washed over John in that one simple motion and he cried out, pushing back into the man.
David could not deny this lover—never could—and so David opened his mouth beckoningly. He allowed the mortal to see this, to know his earnest need for their passion, and he waited for Mycroft to push the head of his own cock once more past the vampire’s blood reddened lips and into the heat of his mouth.  Mycroft’s ragged breathing was matched with the pace at which David’s fingers still moved in and out of the man, grazing erotically against the prostate.  The vampire wrapped his fingers about the base of the cock in his mouth and began to work up to the pace of his other hand, working them opposite each other.  That got the man’s grasping hands back into his hair, pulling at the dark curls, as his head bobbed up and down the length of his straining cock.  David worked him to that point, bringing him back to the cusp, before he withdrew both all at once, and he rose from his knees.
Of course Mycroft had known.  The bloody man knew everything, regardless of how Sherlock tried to evade his ever watchful eyes.  His relations with John were of no concern to his sibling.  Mycroft considered all relationships moot.  A begrudging reality of the world that they both lived in.  An unfortunate necessity.  Love was a distraction.  A chemical reaction that hindered one’s own ability to find reason and logic, which in turn dulled the mind and senses.
Steam rolled off his skin as he went methodically about his routine, soaping his hair and body, before rinsing all at once.  He had intended to take longer than usual—Sherlock was gone, he could linger and take his time—but suddenly he found himself out of things to do and he had spent no more time than he normally would have.  Defiant of this occurrence the doctor refused to get out.  He stood there, under the streaming waters spray, blinking the droplets from his eyes.
Sherlock placed another delicate kiss slightly lower on the other man’s cheek and he could hear John gasp slightly. He could also hear the gnashing of molars. He kissed again, coaxingly. “You need this, John. Take it and let’s get on with things.”
Sherlock scoffed and informed his host, “None of them did.”
In that instant John knew that what Sherlock offered him was everything that he had, everything he was and everything he could be. John also knew that he would take it, had been without this man for too long and couldn’t be without again. As he possessed this man, he was in turn possessed. He was bound forever to the man who had torn him apart once before but had also put him back together.
John had woken from more dreams of the detective in compromising positions.  With familiar moans of ecstasy and pleasure ringing in his ear drums, the doctor rolled over to check the time.  He was almost as disgruntled to find that it was mid-afternoon than he had been about the plaguing dreams of long ago nights spent at Baker Street.  His head thrummed mildly in comparison to some of his previous poundings while in residence at the luxurious penthouse flat.  Still, it was irritating, aggravated by the day light that lit the room.
“It seems I've managed to lure you into my little trap far easier then I thought.” Armand gracefully sunk into his chair by the fireplace, as a whoosh of warmth and heat flooded the room, fire springing to life at the touch of a button on the remote that sat on his side table.
As the detective slowly worked his way higher John could feel the soft material of Sherlock’s slacks shift and bunch against his skin, could feel the muscles tighten as the man leaned forward to put more pressure on his back. The feel of the other man above him and himself face down was somehow thrilling and he fought off a groan for an entirely different reason.
Turning his head he pulled back the shell of his ear to investigate.  Seeing the slightly swollen goose egg damn near centred between his ear and the base of his skull he could see why he had a splitting headache earlier.  The rough touch had flared that ache back up but it was dull in comparison to what he had felt earlier.  Upon a more thorough inspection he could see that it was obvious blunt force trauma, someone had whacked him a good one with something, and it must have been a few days ago—maybe even close to a week.  The swelling present now for such an injury was nominal and he could see that the skin had been broken and was already beginning to mend.  Whoever it was that had brought him to this place knew a thing or two about cleaning and care.  They had done a right good job of it.
Eyes clenched, the painful throb in his head ebbed as he quickly moved farther and farther away from the Baker Street flat. John let out a hiss of breath from between his clenched teeth and was thankful for the relative emptiness of the street when he finally stopped at the still bustling, intersection.
“Really? That’s interesting. Marisa had left the premise an hour before dawn. Your olfactory receptors are particularly more powerful than I first thought. What else did you sense about her?” the detective had turned scientist like the flip of a switch.
Even before the door was closed Louis’ scowl had returned, although softened now as he crossed his arms over his chest and raised an eyebrow at the smartly dressed immortal who stood in the entryway.  “Daniel, now is it?” Louis questioned plainly, in a tone too low for anyone but its intended recipient to hear. “I doubt Daniel would take kindly to the damage you are bound to do to his name.”
This comment piqued the detective’s interest. “You mean to say that Lewis was able to show you his memories through a blood connection?”
Now here he was.  Walking the lonely streets of a dark and cold London, making his way back home to the woman he had promised to love, after the detective had fallen out of his life.  As his breath misted as it hit the chilled air he couldn't help cursing the damnable man.  He hadn't stopped loving Sherlock.  He wasn't capable of it.  The man had been taken from him, torn from his life, and Mary had helped patch him back together.  She kept him moving, working, bearable.  Made him human again.
“In truth, there are a few of us.  All turned for very different reasons, but still we are connected.  Lestat will always be our maker.”  David explained and when it was said and out of the way, he changed the subject tactfully, steering things back to the matter at hand.  “Louis has explained that you are looking for information regarding the passing of your fiancé.”
The vampire brought a hand up to his temple, massaging slightly, his gaze cast out the window at the darkened landscape that whizzed past them.  The glow of the London city lights were behind them as they drove down the M2 towards Folkestone and the Channel Tunnel.  To stop the vortex of information spinning in his own mind, like the rocking drum of some poor old washing tub, he tried to let his mind zone slightly on simpler things, like the leather interior of the half-a-million-euro Maybach 62 Sherlock had insisted they take from Armand’s safe house garage.
The detective gave a small shrug of his shoulders and then laid a hand against his chest, gently directing John to lay back on the bed.  The doctor complied—why, he could not say—as Sherlock explained, in his matter of fact way, “It’s alright.  I know what I am doing.  I researched how all day while you cleaned up for the party.”
"Shall we walk or call a cab?" Sherlock asked, as he pulled his coat up over his shoulders.
John didn't ask before scaling the close knit buildings to garner a better view, yet he too returned empty handed, without a clue as to where the woman had gone.  At least this was more of lead than they had gotten at the other two places.  The woman had clearly understood what he was looking for and she had used his attention to the others to make her escape.  They would need to return the following evening to follow up on this, perhaps they had found a Talmasca or rogue Talmasca meeting point.
“John, I—“ Sherlock began.
“Olfactory memory.” John elaborated. “I suppose the dark gift may increase such a sensation. But that would mean that I have met her.”
John stood abruptly, his balance slightly off on his heels as he turned away. “I’m going now,” he muttered softly, not bothering to glance back.
Closing his eyes tightly he began to assemble the components of the alley way piece by piece in a clarity that allowed him to review the scene with startlingly accuracy. The place where they found the body left nothing new to be discovered, it was the path the body took that he needed to determine.
The vampire traversed another couple of blocks, doing his best to keep a moderate pace but also not to draw attention to himself.  Finally, it was all too much.  He ducked into a small slit of an alley between the two brick buildings to take a breather and recollect himself.
The detective brought up a hand—and found the movement painfully sluggish, his muscles not burning but thrumming with a deep ache blunted by the drug cocktail Lestat had administered.  His hand finally made it to his neck and he rubbed his fingers from the naked shoulder up the side to the turn of his jaw, meeting nothing but clean perfect skin.  He wished he could see it.  The impossible perfection even after the savage destruction wrought on him by John and then continued by the bastard that had turned him.
Colloquialism: hook, line, and sinker.
“It makes perfect sense, John.” Sherlock countered. “A war with the Talmasca would result in widespread death and destruction. Exactly what a demon entity feeds upon and lusts after.”
“And an organization that could not let her go.” Mycroft surmised before his younger brother got that satisfaction of doing so for himself.  “She was a rogue agent on the run and had successfully remained elusive until now.  She must have felt that she was safe if she was ready to agree to wed Dr. Watson.  Probably why the attack had been successful.  She had let her guard down.”
His guest gave a congenial chuckle, the corner of his mouth stretching into a thin amused smile.  “Indeed.”
This proximity was too much.  They were too close and even though John was pouring out his tortured soul to him, all Sherlock could think to do was fix it.  Solve it.  Embrace it.
Passionate and bold, the Vampire Lestat had always been. Sometimes cruel but now his barbarity had reached new heights. His manipulations had uncharacteristically dark purposes and sinister intentions. They were not beyond his scope, but they were not of his true nature. Yet to all that knew him now, he was simply becoming the vile manipulator they had always known he could be. This thought, the knowledge of how those he loved now saw him, carved a black pit of despair into his chest.
on his bookshelves but did not seem to ever watch it, and worse, what was in the fridge and would the toaster be too light or too dark.  The doctor brought his hands up and gave his face a cleansing scrub.  His mind was scattered, to say the least.
“Mary.” He answered succinctly, the name happily blurted, as though it could form a barrier between them that could stop his blood from rushing south at the sight of his friend submerged in the hot bathwater.
“What the hell do you want me to do about it?  I don’t know where they are!” John snapped at the two of them, not quite sure he could believe that they were asking of him.  They both certainly knew who Lestat was and what he was capable of.  “I don’t want to have anything to do with either of them!  I’m no match for Lestat.  He will bloody well kick my ass and the both of you know it."
John tried to stifle a laugh and it came out a snort instead. Sherlock looked wounded by the insult. John tried to explain himself and failed miserably. Finally, he settled on admitting, “Looking back on the situation, it’s actually a very apt motive.”
Everything he knew dissolved.  Including Mary.
The doctor was barely aware that he had been lifted, suddenly finding himself in the silken sheets of the king sized bed, head against the soft bare pillows, and sleeps pull stronger than ever.  Louis stood over him and the last thing he remembered, was the words, “I will return tomorrow.”
“I could.” It was empty.  Hollow.
"Oh, yes, all of it." Sherlock confirmed, with a quick nod of his head, not the least bit embarrassed about admitting it.  John was having a harder time with that bit.  If his face could go bright red, he supposed that it would have by now.
“Tricks don't enthuse me. All that matters is my work.”  It came out unbidden and once there it could not be expunged.
John was tight-lipped, holding his remarks back as he hungrily watched Sherlock undo the buttons down his chest. The collar gaped, tantalizing John at the glimpses of smooth skin protecting the carotid artery. When the rest of the material was parted to reveal the pale and vulnerable flesh of his one-time lover, John firmly kept his hands where they were, at his sides. Sherlock had always been slender, but he was downright skinny now.  His hunger ebbed as he glimpsed the shadows of ribs under the broad chest, decorated with various scars and bruises. It made the vampire's heart ache a little to know that what had happened in recent months had this wasting effect on the consulting detective.
Sherlock had known that Mycroft had been favoring his dungeon-esque office as of late and knew just by the arrangement of the pencils and pens in the holder on the plain desk’s top that he was heavily involved at the moment with the British Secret Service.  The room was dark and narrow, the picture hung behind the desk on the wall was perfectly straight, spotted by the grated spots of light cast down upon the two of them.  Judging by the wrinkles forming under his eyes and around his mouth the work had been taxing as of late.
“No, we agreed that there would be no remedying of the set rules without joint consent.” John reminded his flat mate, making his point as he grabbed the corner of another patch and unceremoniously removed it.  Another rip, another very satisfying yelp.
The young woman made a tsking sound with her tongue.  "You're guessing."
His next thought was selfishly about himself, and his own damned eternity. He would be alone then, having lost everything that mattered to him. This was the insanity that Louis had warned him against so vehemently. John knew that this was the true disadvantage of the new life that had been chosen for him. The vampire’s eyes flashed up at the tri-colored orbs of the detective in response. Yet, he could not bring himself to answer.
"Oh, get to the point, David. What has Louis asked you to do this time? Has he asked you to distract me or, more likely, he has come crying that I am
No other one individual Sherlock had ever had the pleasure of studying had exhibited anything like this.  What the ‘Woman’ wouldn’t have given to have skin of this level of perfection.  It would certainly up her game in the seduction department to wield such impressive beauty.
“Then what the hell do you call of this?” the inspector rebuked, pointedly gesturing at the state of the other man from head to toe.
“So, the Talmasca merely watch and record.” Sherlock affirmed, prompting, “and the rebel faction…they fight the supernatural?”
“God!” He gasped as the younger man licked the side of his shaft. The sight of the genius crouched there, between his legs, hands braced on John’s hips and lips hovering just above the head of his cock was almost more than he could take.
As far as the soldier in him could tell, he was by all rights being held as a prisoner.  No one had visited the flat, not a soul.  There was no phone, no computer, no buzzer to allow guests into the building—absolutely no means what so ever to contact the outside world.  There was no way that he could see to access the high tech security system that barred the steel door and the fire alarms were present but useless.  All of it was for show—just to torment him.  It was both infuriating and ironic, that one could be so close to all those beyond that flat and yet have no way of reaching them.  There was also no sign of the penthouse owner, no documents, no bills, no personal items that might lead to his captor’s identity.  And of course there seemed no reason whatsoever to motivate his imprisonment.
“O-oh. Okay.” The cashier said, penning something on the other side of the paper cup. She looked up, seemingly cautious, but needing to ask another question.
Lestrade’s silver brows had risen over his dark eyes as the information thrown out to him in rapid succession sunk in.  “So, you’re sayin’ then that it wasn’t his own that did it…?”
John’s head was spinning by the time Sherlock had finished explaining what exactly he had missed during his immortal slumbering.  It was a lot to take in and the detective had delivered the news in his usual arrogant fashion, assuming that his flat mate would be able to keep up with the spider’s web of deductions that he was inferring from small bits and pieces of the proceedings.  John had to stop the man several times and have him reiterate parts in layman’s terms in order to follow the twisted path this plan they were now putting into motion was taking, as well as to take a breather from the rash of migraines that plagued John when Sherlock’s feverish mind was at work.
Sherlock reached for his mobile on the desk beside the open laptop. The fan from the computer’s motor was humming loudly in the silent room, attempting to cool the overworked machine. He checked the phone for anything new, secretly hoping that maybe Marisa would have contacted him by now. All she had given him was a city, a time, and a promise. Could he trust her?
to come at his beck and call.  This was a juxtaposition.  A man that had clearly rushed to be with him and yet was clearly ill at ease within his company.  It was hard not to blame the now infamous bathroom—not that it had been the walls, the tub, or the damned yellow bath towels that had caused the pleasure that had ensued or the awkward break of it.  It was the unconventionality of it that disturbed the detective.
“Understood. When I have a time for you, I will contact you again,” Marisa said before ending the call.
“Take that you, bastard,” he growled to himself, as he threw another S.O.S tea towel over the railing.
The doctor was searching, provoking, trying to justify his presence—meaning that he was uncomfortable, that their predicament in addition to their proximity was outside of the man’s sphere of friendship.  It also meant that the other man had possibly considered Sherlock’s motives for demanding the doctor sit in on his bathing session.  Nonchalantly Sherlock answered his friend, coolly commenting, “Unfortunately Mrs. Hudson has taken my skull so I am a little out of practice.”  His feet had grown cold, raised up out of the water and the detective shifted in the bathwater, submerging them again.  He brought his arms down too and dipping his hands into the water he splashed his shoulders, warming them with the water, trying to ignore John’s silence and the deductions that filled his thoughts because of it.
The incident with the maniac Moriarty was still fresh in the soldier’s mind.  He could smell the chlorine of the pool water, hear the squeak of his shoes on the slightly damp pool deck, and still feel the disconcerting weight of the bomb packed vest strapped to his torso, beneath the heavy lined parka.  The memory was never far behind him, never fully put out of his mind, always lingering on the precipice of his consciousness—for reasons that the doctor was frankly beginning to question.
John felt a weight lifting from his shoulders, a physical oppression removed, and satisfaction settled into the pit of his stomach like a warm cup of tea, soothing his dread and anxiety. He looked from the dead woman—no longer Mary to him—and there was Sherlock before him, his hands still gripping his face on either side. The other man’s face was drawn and weary, concern mounted on his features, as though all the weight John had felt receding from his own person had not disappeared but instead was transferred. He tried to smile reassuringly but it only made the creases on the other man’s face deepen.
“Do me the pleasure of describing him.” Mycroft prompted through tight lips.
Mary shifted her feet, thrusting a hip out that she planted a fist onto, as she looked down at him patronizingly.  “Oh, John, please do.” She pleaded, “He’s been texting me all day.”
His hands found only dirt, freshly dug and wet with rain. The black veil lifted, and John could see that he was out in a down pour.  The night was black, but his body was illuminated by the headlights of a car, just feet behind his person. His hands were immersed in the soil up to his wrists and before him was a six-foot hole. Inside the hole was a casket, with its lid open. Inside, there was nothing. Just the clean white satin lining, with no head to lay upon the absurd little pillow. He looked up at the black headstone.
"Do you see now how easy it would be for me to end your life? Yet I choose not to. It was too late for me to help her, it is not yet too late for me to help you and Sherlock." The tone was matter of fact.
With playful familiarity, they warred with one another for control. John allowed the younger man to push him back to the bed. Sherlock’s hands traced the familiar paths of John’s chest, fingers dancing over the smooth skin. His touch was determined, as though he needed to map out the vampire’s every surface all over again. The touches eased something inside John, and he relaxed into the curious, yet sensual exploration.
The inspector had to admit that after the consulting detective had been buried, he had only visited John now and again.  It was painful for all of them.  Lestrade remembered leaving John’s new flat after a glass of bourbon and awkward forced conversation, thinking that Sherlock Holmes was the lucky one.  The fall had killed the detective but it had irrevocably broken John Watson.  It had been hard to see the man like that and it was doubly difficult to do anything about it.  The doctor had changed his address, stopped calling, and shut out everything else.  His only saving grace had been Mary Morstan.
Succinctly, the voice repeated, “It’s not safe.”
Now, in Sherlock’s mind palace, they were walking that same line. John wasn’t yet ready to choose which side to take. The two men just stared at one another in the quiet. Silently, they searched one another faces, unsure what would happen next as John’s tears stopped and Sherlock’s cheeks glistened with the trails of his own.
It was a carnal desire that had melded the lovers, yet the images he sent would look as if something far more sinister was afoot. This would ensure the urgency required for the pieces to come together just right.
“You’re not the generous type, so it’s not being donated to the blood bank.” Sherlock continued, standing his ground under the intense efforts of the other to intimidate him.  “You must ingest it then, or at least a good portion of it, for your own self-preservation.  You said mortals so you must honestly believe that it will somehow bring you immortality, when you are in truth more apt to receive a nasty bout of indigestion and more likely iron poisoning.”
Lestrade’s mouth quirked in a comical manner that Sherlock, quite honestly, could not interpret, before the smoke was brought to his mouth again.  Deep breath in, long breath out, and then the dark eyes left the sidewalk and drifted back up to the detective’s face, where they lingered, again openly searching, attempting to assess.  Failure of this tactic which the inspector insisted on employing was predictable and yet once more Sherlock was unable to expect the next question.  “That’s why you’re sour then, isn’t it?” he suggested, fishing, much more direct than the first attempt earlier.  “John had scuttled home instead of helping you to find—“
“Oh goodness, Louis. Call me, Martha.” The smile was genuine and warm.  The woman was a magnificent creature and the immortal quickly was coming to understand how well she complimented the strange renter that inhabited the upstairs flat.
That thought made the inspector grimace.  Mrs. Hudson, who was seated now across from him at the small square table, hands circled round her mug of tea, tsked.  Her eyes were not on him, but on the card he was still slowly spinning in his hands.  She shook her head, her dark blond hair was almost grey.  From behind the dark tortoise-colored frames her eyes were glassy.  “John would never leave Sherlock.” She repeated determinedly.
The girl’s hand tightened on the shaft of the key. She hesitated, and Sherlock dashed away thoughts of her wanting to help them. He knew now that they were in more danger here, than anything Ludvik could have wrought on them. Marisa was nervous, regretful looking, and she kept raking her bottom lip with her teeth. All this spelled ‘fear’ to Sherlock’s trained eye. She was afraid of what was on the other side of the door.
The blond rose from his chair and jabbed his finger in David's chest, earning a look of great surprise and subdued rage.  "Was it that Louis and that little shit Armand want, that called you on me?"
It had not been uncommon for them to argue.  They had grown quite accustomed to it.  John was used to losing.  Sherlock had many ways to deviate around his defenses and strike an exacting blow at what he would have considered a solid ground.  This time was different.  John didn’t base his legitimacy on scientific fact, he very truthfully played on the emotional field, of which the consulting detective had very little knowledge or experience to stand on.
The head cocked ever so slightly, the straight black hair hanging like a curtain along the sides of his angular face.  Those eyes captured him, as the voice answered him, “A man has taken an unnatural interest in both you and Sherlock Holmes, who has the means to cause you both great harm.”
“In this place, John, you can have whatever you want.” The detective reminded the sullen vampire. Before he could even finish the thought, there was a flash of movement so strong and fast that it ruffled his curls.
John locked eyes with Sherlock, reading the truth in the man’s face. He slowly nodded his head. When Sherlock shifted off him John turned over, his arms trembling slightly as he lifted himself to his hands and knees. He felt awkward in this position, exposed. He turned his head to see Sherlock sitting there a small bottle in one hand, the other slowly pumping himself, eyes almost glowing in the light. John shivered, his own erection pulsing at the sight.
His response was defensive and peevish, a snarled retaliation of, “I do not need John to search for a crime scene.  We agreed to part ways and I have returned to collect a few essentials.”
“Sherlock,” He ground the name out as he debated on the most appropriate method of killing the man. Something with knives, or better yet, a flame-thrower might be appropriate. “Wet a flannel with cold water and bring it to me,” John growled out the order, refusing to look over at the other man, staring down at the cooling wet patches on his legs instead.
John felt the attention shift away from himself and he swallowed, remembering to breath as he relaxed in his chair. The girls’ conversation continued and the new vampire could not help but continue to listen, as John’s interest was piqued at the mention of home.
"Now I am sure you want something." Lestat’s eyes remained narrowed but the fire had subsided.
“Ah,” chided the dark and melodious voice of his puppeteer, “if you are going to weep, don’t ruin a good shirt.” The demon stepped up beside the blond vampire, his eyes black iris-less eyes were focused forward over the sprawling cityscape all around them.
Slowly John pushed in, head bowed as he gasped at the tightness, muscles straining as he forced himself to go slow. It felt so damn good, so hot, slick and tight. Letting go of the base of his erection John reached out and grasped his friend’s hip, fingers digging in hard. “God, Sherlock.” He panted as he shook, trying his damnedest to not just thrust in as hard as he could, to feel himself being enveloped fully. Sweat beaded on his skin as he held himself in rigid control.
Passing the tickets to the pretty young woman behind the desk, Armand was pleasantly surprised by the warm press of Louis close against his back as a hand came to rest casually around his waist in a loose embrace. When the girl returned with their coats, Louis quickly extracted himself and took both jackets with a polite thanks, pulling his companion close to him as they moved towards the lobby, still too warm to dawn the jackets that neither truly required.
or the
He also knew he would need to deal with Sherlock, eventually. Thoughts of the consulting detective left him feeling full of turmoil, the scale tipping heavily towards the negative end of the spectrum. He had almost killed the man the night he had been turned into this new creature. The blood lust had consumed John, transforming him into a savage beast with no mind beyond its insatiable desire to feed. In his darkest days after the change, he had sobbed for all three of them. Mary, Sherlock, and himself. It was only after much convincing that Louis had persuaded him to believe that the man still lived. But, in what form? Neither knew and so they had left it at that.
Before the cold set in they were somewhere else, in a swamp, with stone crosses and angels.  A cemetery.  There was another man, dark raven hair—Louis—and his eyes were green flares, blazing and angry.  His teeth were bared, he was screaming, but no words left his mouth.  Sherlock could see the long length of his eye teeth, bone white and ominous like the teeth of a large carnivore, as they sank into the flesh of his neck.
John looked miserable. His pallid skin was stony and grey, becoming more translucent as he lost blood. The front of his torso was a slick mess of deep alizarin crimson. It soaked into the jeans, until the dense fabric could hold no more. It dripped onto the floor, marring the beauty of this holy place. Sherlock had seen terrible things done by depraved people but never had the horror of blood on a body been as disturbing as it was now, on John. His John.
A much as John longed for the detective to find him it was more perpetuated by his own selfish desire to be free than it was to be with the man.
John pursed his lips and narrowed his eyes at her.  He did not appreciate her teasing mood just then and she was completely aware of it.  The woman stepped back and as she turned to leave, she called to him over her shoulder, “You should go out again too.  Last night didn’t seem to improve your mood any, another shot wouldn’t hurt.”
“Just hold back until she brings him to us.” The detective said, “You’re a loose end. He wants to clean house and like any good housekeeper he knows that your connection to Mary is too dangerous to forgo, even though you are now no longer as vulnerable to attack. It’s why he is here. He can’t trust anyone to do this for him.”
“Oh, damn,” he heard someone curse, as he saw women’s heels on the wet grass beside him. “Here we go again.”
Lestat looked unnerved. Like a caged animal he eyed David with great scrutiny before his attention shot to the woman who shook violently when his eyes met hers. It happened so quickly all David could do was stagger back a step. Lestat had moved forward, snatching the woman by the neck in his iron grip and ascended into the dark sky. She hadn’t had enough time to even let out the strangled scream before he had closed off her windpipe and David was looking at the empty doorway where she had been as he muttered a curse. Glancing quickly down both sides of the street. No one had noticed in the evening bustle, thankfully. The apathy of those around and the dim lit faces staring down at mobile screens, he was, for once, thankful for as he leapt upwards after the other vampire and his innocent victim.
Halfway through the doorway the woman was paralyzed by the effects of the pungent aromas in the air, her eyes welling with tears, as she searched the room for the smell’s culprit.  Sherlock was nowhere in sight.  The chair on the other side of the table was pushed back and empty, a tea towel, stained every color of awful under the heavens, was draped over the orange back of it.  The mess on the table had migrated all over the kitchen, inhabiting all the level surfaces available and in some places taking up residence on the floor tiles.  She knew better than to check the state of the fridge.  She wished she could open the window above the sink but the woman dared not enter further into the deluge of half-finished experiments.
But what was the point of Sherlock stopping, John mused. He wanted John to be fully aware of who was making him feel this way; who was making him gasp, groan and want more. It was Sherlock, not some nameless, faceless person creating this turmoil of emotion and sensation. It was Sherlock and no one else who was making him ache.
It was late when Sherlock Holmes had finally returned to the flat, muddy, exhausted, and none the wiser.  It was after four a.m., and the tang of the smoke still on his lungs was a dissipating pleasure that left him hungering for more.  As he entered 221B and came up the stairs he knew instantly that his flat was entertaining a visitor.  A very quiet visitor.
John made a low sound in the back of his throat, one hand grabbing the detective’s arse, forcing their bodies into more firm contact. His other hand tightened in the man’s curls. He found Sherlock’s mouth. Desperate hunger filled him, and he sucked harder, wanting to score another line of red into the detective’s skin. With every drop of blood that he swallowed, his need grew.
The blond took this opportunity to truly take advantage of their distraction, assessing and appreciating the quality workmanship of the room, the painting of the Queen hung so reverently behind the desk on the wall, and then noting an unattended mobile phone discarded in the heat of their passion. It was, after all, simply laying on the floor, near an equally haphazardly jettisoned coat which trailed off to follow pants in a pathway towards the two entangled bodies slick and grinding against one another. In an instant Lestat had the mobile. He unlocked the screen after only a few quick patterns and his upper lip curled sneeringly as he flipped through the text history. The list was piteously short. Although listed in alphabetical order, as most of these phone’s did, it still irked him to see that the first name was Armand’s.
“Interrupted?” It was the first time Mycroft’s voice had entered into the whole exchange. John shot a look at him, remembering the man was in the room, as he continued his question to the blond, “By whom?”
That hung between them for a moment, as the detective finished drawing the last panel.  John was at once relieved and then confused, moving quickly to suspicion and worry.  “Where then did you plan on staying?” he finally made himself ask.
He was doing this. John Watson was making his friend incoherent with the ecstasy; it was truly a heady feeling. His questing fingers found their mark; a little walnut-sized gland. Gently he stroked over it as he continued the thrusting motions, knowing from medical texts that it took a bit for the gland to become properly aroused.
Sherlock stood outside the back doors of Bart’s hospital and blew out a stream of smoke through his lips.  Beside him the mousy woman waved the smoke that drifted her way from her face with a desperate swatting motion, coughing in irritation to the cigarette’s pungent aroma.  It was cold outside and she had not grabbed her jacket before stepping out the small back exit with the detective for a break from their joint work.  She had her tiny arms wrapped tightly about herself, her hands tightly clenched in fists.  The detective groaned derisively and shed his long wool jacket, hating the social law that bade him to offer it to her more than the actual act of giving it up.  He wasn’t cold.  Far from it.
“Did someone call my name?” came an odd lilting voice from the open french doors to the study.
"Something like that." John countered, "I'm not really sure on the specifics, but according to Louis he's not someone to be trifled with.  He was short on those kinds of details."
A strange look twisted Lestat’s features for an instant before vanishing into a sinister grin, as the vampire stopped clapping. “Good Questions, John. Shame I can’t answer those for you without giving up my little game just yet.”
Perhaps it was time to inspect the damage.
Mycroft!” Sherlock had turned away, scrubbing furiously at his eyes with closed fists.
With a sudden gasp, Sherlock shoved John’s hand away from his erection, “Not before you.” He squeezed the base, eyes closing for the first time, brows crinkling in concentration as his mind and body fought for dominance.
“This is a fucking show down.” John spat the words, hating them and this situation. “Me against him, then?”
“What the bloody hell…?” John’s voice brought a sudden halt to the clamor but only long enough for Lestat to spot the look on his dumbfounded fledgling and erupt back into another howling cackle.
John didn't answer anymore of his questions, although he did try, and he eventually gave in, recognizing this was neither the time nor the place to be investigating the vampire.  He focused instead on the case at hand, knowing John would be more receptive to that. Still he talked little and Sherlock realized that his shifting gaze was only evidence of one thing: his discomfort.  John was focused on being there, in that moment, amongst all the other patrons and restaurant staff, appearing as them, as a mortal, as normal as they all were bland.  Sherlock could see now at length the concentration and effort put into this task and was respectful of it.  After all, it was important to John.
Louis smiled at this, partially amused now in the full-lipped pout turned up at him.  Gently he stroked back a curl from his intermittent lover's brow--and softly remarked, "Seeing as you already know everything, Lestat, then I suppose it would not be presumptuous of me to say, 'I'll see you there.'"
Softly the voice behind him asked, “Do you thirst?” It was cautious and caring, but also threaded with the underlying graveness of the reality of their damned immortal lives.
“Does all that really matter if Moriarty is controlling Lestat?” John asked quietly, his worry clear on his marble features. John licked his lips, mulling all of this over, before he admitted, “Sherlock…at this moment, I am not sure I care who killed Mary.  Moriarty is after you.  Why are we traipsing half way across Europe to settle a vendetta when that creepy eyed bugger is on the loose?”
John could feel his mouth fill and then his throat swallow.  The greed only grew and in response he groaned into the mouth sealed against his own, swallowing again.  His tongue pushed forward into the cavity above, tangling with another, as he sucked again, and again, each draught fed a frantic desire overtaking him.  The more he drank the more he wanted—it was insatiable—and suddenly his arms found the strength to raise, to grope, to pull at the body over him, to return the embrace and take it over in his need for more.  Their mouths parted, a ragged breath escaping as Lestat moved to pull back when John’s hands tangled in the blond curls and smashed the stained lips back down to his own once more.
John’s brows knit together. They hadn’t spoken a lick about that time – when he had been in that penthouse and Sherlock had been trying to find him. John hadn’t cared after the roller coaster had derailed, crashed, and burned. He had been so focused on himself, so consumed with self-pity and rage. Only now could he see, could he understand, what all of this had done to Sherlock.
He turned back and she was no longer beautiful. Her skin was grey, pulled tight against the bones of her skull. Her hair was stringy and lifeless. In place of her large blue eyes, were gaping black sockets, that oozed maggots and sludgy grey matter. Her lips were no longer there. They were shriveled away, revealing the lack of gums behind them, and the white teeth inside.  She reached out, pushing back the hair around one of his ears, before a bone tipped fingers trialed lazily down the curve of his jaw. She tapped his chin and sweetly chided, “You did this to me.”
He ate the eggs in the living room at the coffee table, with a big glass of milk, sitting on the floor like a five year old while he watched the a late afternoon talk show.  He tried not to think and it worked for a while.  The show was interesting enough, in that zombie-fied kind of way that late day telly could be, as he filled his belly.  Then when he went to the kitchen to find something else to munch on he saw the mobile and his nerves kicked in.
Strong hands that had wrapped around him now tore at his shirt and with a whimper John shoved Sherlock back, staggering the taller man for a moment.
With his vision deprived he wasn’t sure what Sherlock was up to. While he couldn’t hear the other man’s soft breathing, the whisper of cloth as Sherlock shifted was loud in his ears. The soft brush of fingertips against his overly hot skin raised goosebumps as the jumper was pulled up and over his shoulders. The man was being surprisingly gentle as those hands moved along his arms. Shit, John thought as he felt himself responding to the sensation.
Sherlock continued to glare. He was becoming more frustrated as the girl skirted around answering his question.  He asked again, without preamble, “Why are you here?”
“I’m afraid I am bereft of a fitting explanation for now.” The voice replied.  “Please, try to remain calm.  A solution is being crafted, as we speak.  I am sure that you have found that the suite has been stocked with everything that you need in the meantime to make your stay a little bit more comfortable.  Please take advantage of it—.”
“You’ve been called worse.” John deflected with a smirk, as he considered all of the slights he had endured at the rash bluntness of the man’s own tongue. Pointedly, he added, “and you deserved it.” The doctor hesitated a moment, hoping the burn would sink through the man’s scaly exterior, before he enforced, “Still…last Tuesday? Have you been surviving this entire time on cat-naps and caffeine? Didn’t you sleep when you were in your room this morning?”
Sherlock pushed them apart, turning around in a circle to survey their surroundings. He was not overly familiar with the Czech Republic, but this place was still known to him. They were on the grounds of Karlstejn Castle. It was an imposing gothic-renaissance structure, founded in 1348 by Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor-elect and King of Bohemia. The castle was built specifically to house the imperial regalia, holy relics, and royal treasures, and therefore is one of the most frequented castles in all of the Republic.
There the thing was.  The dark eyed fiend that had stopped Lestat from making his ultimate achievement, from turning the willing detective.  He was shorter than the blond, thin in stature, wearing a well tailored navy suit made up of crisp lines.  His face wore a lopsided smirk, sneering, mocking, and challenging all at the same time.
The immortal stayed, starkly still and high above the scene unfolding on the street. Knowing full well that he was far too high for any mortal eyes to capture from the ground below and he patiently waited for the ant-like figure of the detective to emerge from the Baker street flat. When the detectives figure had cast his gaze skyward, squinting desperately into the hazy night sky, searching for what, he didn't know, the vampire let out a low and dangerous chuckle. Saluting to the man on the street from his lofty position, despite clearly knowing that the other couldn't pinpoint his silhouette against the blackness and low hanging clouds of the London skyline, he said, “We are going to have such fun together, Sherlock Holmes. You…and I.”
"I may look the picture of youth but you are the child, Lestat, and always will be. It is a fine mess you've created here with these mortals and I'm less surprised than I am disgusted at how proud you are of yourself." Armand’s words were pointed, edged with a wisdom and experience far beyond the appearance of the years the body showed.
As Marisa’s words came to a conclusion, a glowing circle formed on the floor around the dismembered body. The circle was some kind of ancient symbol, filled with a pentagram, surrounded by five symbols that Sherlock did not recognize.  This symbol glowed brilliantly, the light shining upwards, as the walls and floor shivered with the rush of power. Like an electrical current, it moved through the room, gathering at the symbol, as though sucked towards it. From the severed opening of the demon’s head there was a sudden rush of blackness.  The cloud of black particulates whipped around them all like sand stirred in a dust-devil.  It screamed like a hellish wind storm, as though lost in the room now that it was free of its vessel.  Lestat stood upright in the black maelstrom and the head in his hands fell to the floor, rolling several times away. The blackness that encircled them spiraled in a dark vortex to the low height of the gold and glass plated ceiling, smashing into it.  Unable to escape, the scream of it grew louder, piercing, before it was violently sucked downwards into the center of the glowing pentagram on the floor.  In a matter of milliseconds, the demonic force was imbibed, and the symbol vanished.
“Oh, John,” Lestat mocked, pecking a dramatic smacking kiss the lips he had previously lapped, his blue eyes intently on his young rebellious fledgling.  “You don’t play nice.  You’ve damaged him and now I have come to take him back.”
... are going no where." John stressed. "I... am going to ‘er—out."
Louis’ dark head nodded and he smiled warmly.  “Think nothing of it.  I understand why you wish to seek out this truth about your sweet Mary.  You need closure.  David is a good man and he is willing to aid you in this quest as best he can.  He is awaiting your return.  All you need do is text the number I gave you when you are back in London and he will arrange a time to meet with you.”
Truth be told, as much as he longed for the closeness of the other immortal’s companionship there was much about the time spent with Louis that his maker could think of better ways to enjoy himself.  Louis preferred a quieter lifestyle.  The vampire loved to lose himself in books, to sit in coffee shops with a fragrant latte in hand, observing the small and unremarkable lives of the people who milled about them, so many blind to everything around them, to caught up in the little dramas of their own universes to pay any real attention to the monster that sat in their midst, so close, drinking in the scent of the lives he could so easily snuff out.
She picked up the cup, taking a sip of the tea for the first time since she had prepared it.  He took the cup she had brought over to the table for him and prepared it for himself, pouring the hot liquid into the fine china, decorated with little blue and white flowers.  They had never shared so much together before.  It had always been a hiding game and the many cups of tea they had shared over his enforced captivity on the island had been the few moments when they stopped sparring.  Now she was obviously in over her head, dealing with what she felt was a far greater power than she could control.  She had lost a friend—a sister in arms—and this was her way of somehow trying to make up for it.  He took a tentative sip from the cup as she drank a second time and after he had swallowed the familiar brew, he asked her, "Who was responsible for the kill order?"
The detective wanted to rush to examine the strange slumber of the immortal and yet his mind blared
John stood abruptly, his spin cracking straight, with the fright of the thoughts that were now barreling through his mind, rampantly escalating his heart rate.  Mary was at home.  Why was he out here, pining again for what had been?
Here he lay, naked with Sherlock Holmes, mad genius, having just been grinding against one another. He couldn’t pretend that there hadn’t been any attraction, that there wasn’t still an attraction. John hesitated, eyes mapping out the beautiful face inches from his own, those brilliant tri-coloured eyes blazing as they stared down at him and made his decision.
Lestat was howling. He had stumbled back, slumping against the frame of the bookcase, arms wrapped tightly around his midsection as laughed. Regaining his breath, he flashed a dazzling grin at the furious consulting detective, shaking his head in time with his own chuckling. Sherlock was pinning the vampire with a gaze that was assessing the probability of breaking bones given unknown variables, refusing to look back towards his older brother and chance seeing more than
Suddenly the curtain was raked back.  There was an unflattering scream that was quickly followed by a string of curses, as the corners of that wicked mouth quirked upwards and those variscite eyes downcast for a split second, before locking with his own startled gaze.  “I need you, John.” The man said, mouth still quirked and those eyes crinkled at the corners in a comical display of a smile.
Sherock studied her askance, noting her petite frame, clad in heavy jeans and a thick zippered jumper with a hood.  Her long straight red hair was pulled back into a high tie at the back of her head.  It seemed to glow hot in the light of the fire.  She had a thin oval face, red arched brows over her large eyes, above a thin nose and small mouth.  Her lips pursed and then, without looking up at him, she said, “Ya’ know, you’re kinda being a little douche-y right now.  You can ask a question, instead of trying to stare it outta’ me.”
This supernatural realm that as a mortal he had never even once considered actually existed was now opening up wide before him, as unbelievable as it all seemed.  It was still hard to wrap his mind around his own powers, let alone the plethora of others that he was beginning to realize existed out there, unknown and undetected by most.  He was not sure that he could protect himself from this Ludvik’s telepathy, as new to this power as he was.  He could barely keep Sherlock out and in check.
Lestat was excited and bursting with intrigue as the sun finally disappeared and he returned to Baker Street.  What fun this trip had turned out to be.  It was even more fun to watch that silly detective try to weave his scientific fact around the supernatural events that Lestat had shown him.  It made him laugh just thinking about it, but seeing him in the parlor checking his neck, his head, his entire person over trying to find the wound, the bite, that had left him so weak and so confused, was priceless.
John rolled his eyes and slipped his coat off, hanging it far away from the macabre in the kitchen.  Then, rolling up the sleeves of his blue striped dress shirt, he came around the table to the detective’s side.  There was a layer of poly tarp on the floor under the table that crinkled loudly under his feet—he had foregone the polite removal of his shoes and the soles squeaked on the blood ridden plastic with each step.  He looked up at Sherlock with his hands on his hips and barked, “What is it?”
This deserved a call back.
“He’s fine.  Better than ever in fact.” Lestat replied, chuckling, as he waved a hand gesturing to the massive open suite. The trail he had been following lead toward the side of a large white sofa that wrapped the space in a large segmented 'U' shape; the back of the closest sofa was towards him.
John voiced as much, out of concern as much as triumph, but the detective just sneered and brushed off his diagnosis, swatting his hand through the air at the doctor as though it may provide some physical defence against what had been properly prescribed. The exhausted genius flopped bonelessly down into the over-sized leather chair, sliding down until his head rested on the low cushion. His long, lanky legs stretched out in front of him, his backside barely on the seat. His dress shirt was wrinkled, the sleeves rolled up to his elbows and the collar was undone. Even his curls were unruly, frazzled out of their normal model-perfection by fidgety finger combing. His eyes were glassy, the white scleras pink in the corners.
John laughed again. It was not the hilarious sort of Sunday laughter you might hear over tea, but rather the sad darker thing that you sometimes hear after one has overcome great grief. They let the chuckles settle and melt between them, savoring the moment for as long as they could before having to return to their new supernatural realty.
The phone was fully charged upon his return and the detective ate the Chinese take away reclined on the pillows of his bed.  As he ate the lo mein dish, half cooled by the cold walk back to the flat—
Sherlock’s dark curls bounced about his forehead and the safety goggles, half splattered with red dots of blood, as he confidently disagreed with John.  “There was absolutely no indication of cutting.  Those muscles here,” he said, grabbing the doctor’s fingers with his own and pressing them around the long muscle group that ran the length of the animal’s neck from jaw to chest, “were torn.  I just have to figure out how.”
Sherlock was having trouble concentrating, his attention span had tightened, his muscles were slow and weak, sore and aching; the fatigue was getting the better of him. It was overpowering his distraction techniques, messing up his back up plans. The man needed to sleep.
They embraced one last time, slightly more rigid than the two that had come before it, and then they parted ways.  Louis leaving for his lover and John leaving for London.  Louis had arranged for a private jet to charter John back to London.  It was his final gift, given on the context, “You’re still too young to be stuffed into a plane with hundreds of mortals for hours on end.”
“Yes, good eve and all that,” the detective dipped his head as he rambled—a tactic to hide his own sweeping glance of his neighbors’ person— a delicate fingered hand flipping wildly as he brushed past the traditional introductions, and launched into questions, “a terrible business that is outside our flat.  A young man it seems met his end after an unfortunate fall from inexplicable heights.  Dreadful really—,”
The vault-like door had a single key pad.  There was obvious use on many of the keys, which meant that the key changed.  If it was one’s last defense then he would assume that it changed frequently.  He studied the pad, the numbers, and the wear patterns.  He tried a few of the first patterns that easily rose from his observations.  All of them failed, so he switched tactics.  He tried a few of John’s more predictable codes.  His birthdate, his mother’s birthdate, his fathers, his enlist date, his decommission date, his deployment dates, Mary’s fake birthdate…all of these failed.
“So,” the doctor prompted, giving his almost sullen looking friend a warm smile that he hoped to hell hid his own confusion and irritation, “you, ugh, said that it was urgent.”
Surprisingly the man was. When John came into the parlor, he found the detective still handcuffed to the radiator and was consumed with laughter.  The reproachful glare he received in turn from under the lowered brows of his friend made the chuckling even louder.  John had thought for sure that the genius would have been out of those things and into mischief in five minutes flat.  This scene was completely unexpected and he could not help but find it hilarious.
“Oh, well, I suppose I may need to schedule that check for my hearing.” The elderly woman admitted with a hearty chuckle, placing a hand to her brow and shaking her head.  “It is a dreadful thing, this gettin’ older.  I had it in my head that his name was Daniel.  But—Lestat, was it?” she paused only briefly, glancing at him as though looking for his confirmation and then continuing on without giving the immortal the time to voice it, “I say, that is a different name, now isn’t it?  You’d think one could keep that straight.  But I suppose I will have the chance now.  He was a very smartly dressed gentleman, not unlike yourself.  What is it that you do again, Louis?”
"Shit." He cursed quietly, hands rubbing absently on his jeans to warm them. "Bugger."
"You weren't kidding when you—?" The words stopped as he registered the pale man in front of him was not whom he had expected.
Sherlock felt his breath hitch and his abdominals tense, as he resisted the need to look up into the eyes above him.  He focused his energy on finding a reason, understanding this turn of events, motives, intentions, desires…and then the fingers caught his chin and forced his face upwards.  His shocked wide eyes narrowed onto the dark blue saturnine depths of the doctor looming over him, startled, confused, fighting arousal, blushing, as the blooming warmth he remembered so well captured his insides and he realized the idiomatic expression, “butterflies in your stomach”, was a completely justifiable comparison at the moment to the anxiety that gripped his nervous system.
The irritation was evident in the inspector’s disgruntled voice, as he angrily rebuttal the dismissive remark, “John and Mary are missin’, Sherlock, and it’s obvious they didn’a just skip town to see the Sussex countryside.  Dr. Sawyer called me personally, sayin’ that she had tried you and had gotten no answer.  Don’t tell me that you haven’t been through that flat, I know ya’ have.  Just tell me that ya know somethin’.  That you found some clue…”
“It’s more a melding of personalities. One believing they are in control of the other, when in realty the two have become one being.” Sherlock clarified.
The hot and flushed embraces of his lover had been spiked with the blood of recent kills whenever the mood over took them. He knew from the papers that there hadn't been an increase in the reporting of missing people or homicides in the nearby area that would lead on that Lestat was being sloppy about his activities—something that was not unfathomable given the blonds history. It could have been that his maker was entertaining himself by traveling to farther area's in order to hunt. Given the history Lestat carried with him in Europe, it was definitely within the realm of possibility.
"Shut your pretty mouth! No, no, he had to do that because that crazy British super-villain bad- guy master-mind had made up all that bull-puckey about him being the one who was creating all the crimes only so he could look awesome solving them. I mean, he did look awesome solving them regardless, but soooo messed up.” The older girl sounded genuinely flabbergasted.
“Yet, Louis seems strangely absent.” An unnecessary gesture was made to emphasize the empty space beside them before David turned a more serious look at his maker. “Oh, that’s right. He’s enjoying himself with, Armand.”
"What are these for?” he scoffed, looking down at the simple covers.  One was titled
The detective was strangely absent from the intriguing scene and, with no one to rebuke, the soldier’s curiosity took charge. He came into the kitchen, making a loop first around the table and its large mysterious occupant. It served to answer a few questions. He leaned over the laptop and the assortment of firearms to peer down the circular shaft. The inside of the box was dark and smelled slightly of gun powder. It was also vaguely humid.
– The mysterious tenant –
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, analyzing her reaction but to his displeasure there was not even a pause in her movements to indicate she had even heard him.  He continued to verbalize his evidence against her, “If you were the contact then that means you have been working for the Talmasca this entire time. Does Lestat know you’re moonlighting as a double agent? He must have an inkling, surely. If you are not working for the original group, which is evident by your direct involvement with a high-profile vampire, then it means you must be from the rogue faction. That would be logical, given your interest in John when we initially met on the island.” Sherlock was starting to rapidly place several of the odd pieces of the puzzle into shape.
Somehow, John found himself wearing the bloody dress. He wasn’t even sure how the other man had convinced him to put the thing on, but he had, so here John was. It was awkward and tight in all the wrong places. He shifted uncomfortably once more, absently plucking at the pale-yellow material. The worst part about this entire thing was the sleeves. They were puffy.
Sherlock closed his eyes. He went deep within himself to the mind palace and flung open the doors. All the information, all the data, and the history, calculations, experiments, theories, hypotheses, and all the memories of he and John that he stored within this sacred place of his mind, raged through him like a gale-forced torrent, straight into Moriarty. He let it all out. Let Moriarty have all of it. Every last piece of information he had filed away, het out of himself.
“No, you won’t.”
“I know.” Mycroft replied, “I received word an hour ago that both John and Sherlock have passed through customs into France.”
"Obviously, that you think you are a vampire who can live forever by drinking blood." There was more fantasy then reality when it came to what he was able to dig up regarding the man who was called Lestat. What he had been able to confirm from all the sources he had found was how infuriating and arrogant the man was.
The black-eyed devil was what had Lestat perplexed, who and what was he? It? For a creature that had warred with the most ancient of their kind, danced with witches, and argued with the devil, nothing should surprise him and yet this one had. Why stop Lestat from turning the brunet only to leave him with the vampire. There was a morbid curiosity growing in him which begged to kill the ‘toy’ just to see if the other would re-appear like magic to prevent his demise.  Yet, he wasn’t interested in a second round until he had time to better prepare. As well, he really did want Sherlock. The man was wildly driven, obnoxiously intelligent, beautiful and Lestat truly believed he had the stamina for immortality.
"Now how the hell did you know...nope. I don't care." John started, that disbelieving mist clouding his iris' quickly dispelled by his growing contempt.  The eyes flashed on Sherlock, his mind likening the action to that of a sniper locking onto a target, and then he twisted away to place the tea cup and saucer down.  He was rising as he finished, "Of course you did. Well then, no need for me to be here, now is there? I will thank Mrs. Hudson on the way out for the tea."
When a couple of hours had passed in this fashion and the cover closed on the volume in hand, Louis absently set the book to rest with the others in the neat pile by the side of his chair. His gaze moved to the figure of the impossibly beautiful youth bathed in warm firelight in the seat adjacent him. His focus on the gas fueled fire that danced and flickered in the hearth was as intense as it was lost and for a moment his heart broke for the old man who was forever locked in the visage of a Botticelli angel. He had read Armand’s book too when it was released.  He had thought he had known much about the immortal himself and the time they shared and still there had been much more that had not been revealed until the another had set pen to purpose and published his story, as a few of their kind had done after he himself had broken the silence of their kind only to have it all regarded as fiction by the mortals that read it.
“Oh, Louis!” Her voice changed quickly from surprise, to anger to gratitude in moments, “You scared me! Thank you for gathering those up, my you are a fast one, hmm? Wish I had that much energy.”
“The people involved are but a piece to the puzzle.” David answered quickly, “It is also your reckless means of bait that you’ve chosen to use as enticement and your final intentions for the mortals that has raised hackles.  Each in part is trivial but when you add them together it equals an infringement that the Sisters, among others, are not likely to excuse.”
The genius marveled at the puffin-girl’s teleportation abilities. What he had at first suspected a mere ability to vanish and reappear somewhere close by was completely transformed by this revelation. She had teleported not just herself but two additional passengers over thirty kilometers south west of Prague, in a mere moment, and appeared to be none the worse for having done it. Not to mention through obstacles, like stone, metal, mortar, and wood. They had been in a building and now they were outside. It was mind boggling. His mind went wild, calculations and permeations racing through his head, evaluating and analyzing this data, hypothesizing—but he reigned it in. This was not the time.
“But you ordered it anyway.” Sherlock countered.
“I will bring Anderson back to bust you, Sherlock!” Greg tried a last attempt at reasoning with the detective.  Through threatening him.
John could see why this mystery woman would want their help.  A war between gifted mortals and supernatural creatures could not be kept quiet and could not end well for the majority of the planets helpless populous.  But could this Marisa be trusted?  Did her story about having been friends with Mary hold water?
There was an indignant look on the dark-haired man’s face as he replied, "That is entirely beside the point. Enough to assist in deducing you would make an excellent mother, John." The serious look cracked a little as the quirk of a cheeky grin started at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth while he eyed his flatmate.
“The girl could not verify that.” David responded, “It seems that all she was able to find out was that the Talmasca believes she was targeted and killed by this faction, a group which they are currently monitoring.  Although Mary Morstan had defected, they cannot prove that she left to join this group.  If they did not neutralize her than it is clear—”
Blackness surrounded him.  There was not a single light on in the flat.  The only light came in from the street lamps outside.
John was finally able to get to his feet. The ache inside of him had diminished and with it the backdrop of the telepathic battlefield. His surrounding changed, pixel by pixel, back into his physical reality. He was back again outside the ancient castle. Sherlock’s hands pressed to his temples, his eyes closed. Without opening them, he removed his hands, mouthing the word, “Now.”
The hand on the doctor’s own again squeezed lightly and John started to feel the slow creep of heat up his neck to his face, as the brunet leaned in a little closer to him as he chuckled a little nervously. "You're feelings about making genetic super-babies with your flatmate?"
The hunger that his own body traitorously gave in response made the immortal turn his head back away, to the darkness outside the windows of the car, as they sped down the motorway.  John thought of Lestrade, of Mrs. Hudson, and even of mousy Molly Hooper.  All of them were still his friends, still people he very much wished to see, wished to be around, wished to converse with again, that he would now have to forever remove from his life.  People who were still, and may always remain, in danger within his presence.
The pale young man knelt before him, non-threatening and with an angelic look of sorrow on the perfect cherub face. Sherlock twitched when he slowly raised a hand toward him and the other paused as a strange calm overtook him and he watched as well as felt the cool smooth flesh of the others slender fingers brush a sweaty bang from his forehead.
and to each question the other responded softly back—
Sherlock smiled coyly at John, his hands wringing with delight, and he silently mouthed his last response, "Something big."
John had considered the other man’s uncouth demand long and hard.  A part of him had wanted to run and another had wanted to charge into the awkward predicament at the remembrance of the prior foray’s the two of men had shared within the confines of that tiny bathroom, specifically that bath and shower.  In the end both parts had left him frozen in the open doorway, with a pang in his gut that led to a swelling below that the doctor had not forgotten over their time apart.
“I’m coming, John!” Sherlock cried out.
"Ohhhhhhh,” sighed the other in return, “his knickers cream for sure."
“Know her?”
“Oh, just don’t fall for the same mess again!” She huffed, instantly calming as she returned the smile and prepared another cup of tea for herself. “After all, that one’s taken. There’s a lady in the middle but she’s no good for John.”
With that territorial proclamation blazing through both of their brains John leaned in, their mouths meeting in a crushing demand. Open and hungry, their tongues fought for dominance. Every invading sweep of his tongue, every careful nip of teeth was a silent statement to submit. Sherlock’s arms wrapped around him once more, a trapping embrace that pulled at John until their bodies were flush.
He decided to call her out on it.  “Did Lestat tell you that John Watson is dead?” it was said in an accusing tone, more of a statement than a question.
A light chuckle was the reply that came as Armand unlocked the door and swung it wide with a tip of his head, emulating a bow as he offered entrance to the company he had brought to his humble abode. The two men stepped inside and with the smooth grace of their kind, coats were hung, a modest tour of the home completed, as well as it's many works of valuable art, and the ivory youth shed his suit jacket on the back of the carved cherry-wood desk in the space that had been dedicated as the library. Louis's fingers trailing feather-lite along the spines of old tomes in one shelf before they skirted the sleek and high-gloss spine of new volumes by many names he recognized and some he did not.
David wasn’t sure what had happened or how to explain any of it.  This was not unheard of, in his realm of education and experience with the Talmasca, but it certainly was not going to be easy.  They were most obviously dealing with a very powerful supernatural entity.
John could feel the tears on his skin, running over the lower lash line and spilling down his cheeks. “No.” he said again, even though it didn’t really matter. “Th-this isn’t real.” The words sounded true now, spoken out of his own mouth.
The drawing ended with another shudder from the ebony haired immortal, a soft gasp of ecstasy escaping his ruddy lips, and then Lestat was forced back, the other tearing them apart.  The blond’s mouth quirked into a smirk, as he gracefully regained his footing and adjusted the collar of his shirt and the wool coat, bemused by the vehemence seething from the emerald eyed immortal before him.  The back of Louis’ hand was to his mouth and his breaths were quickened, his face pinked from the one-sided exchange, his brows drawn somewhere between hatred, resentment, and guilt.  Lestat took a step forward, arms raised in a peaceful invitation to his flushed and flustered fledgling, as he purred reassuringly, “That was wonderful, mon cher.”
“You are responsible for all of this, Sherlock.” His voice was not his own, it was someone else inside of him saying these things. He couldn’t explain it. He simply couldn’t accept this was him and so it was the only explanation left.
It was David’s turn to release a sigh.  He was not sure he could uphold that request and he admitted as much, explaining how his maker had ended their odd encounter.  This put Mycroft even more ill at ease.  “I have tried to contact him but he is not answering his mobile.”
The man’s voice was strained and stuttering as he squeezed his eyes tighter. “I faked my own death to save you, but when Lestat offered me the gift…” his eyes flashed open, desperation filling their depths. “I had not the time to consider all the ramifications…” his voice trailed off as he struggled to explain. Slender fingers tightened around the vampire’s wrists, as though he could force John to understand. “You were… you were still missing. I had failed even to find a single clue as to where you were, who had you, and why you were taken. I… was scared, terrified that I wouldn’t be able to find you, John.”
“Escape?  What London?” the detective quipped shortly, “I’m not interested.  I fairly prefer London.  Besides, I’ve already had an offer to fly the coop, which I gave away.  Sorry, you will have to try harder.”
John rolled his eyes and took out his mobile, called a taxi. When the car arrived they climbed in beside one another.  Sherlock spouted off an address to the cabby that John didn’t recognized. It wasn’t a long trip but the fifteen minutes felt far too long, as the two men continued to attempt a telepathic conversation. It was neither simple nor easy. It was mentally exhausting. Yet they were able to make a connection and that alone was exciting. By the time the cabby had stopped they had discovered that the trick would work well for simple communications. More complex information got lost or garbled, like a game of ‘telephone’.
Sherlock's smirk deserved to be slapped off of his smug face, but the vampire resisted the temptation, knowing that his anger was running away with his senses. He was too close.  A waft of the man’s delicious scent filled his nostrils.  Mingled with the sound of his beating heart and the blood pumping through his veins, John’s mouth began to salivate, drumming up the memory of the detective’s blood on his palate before he had ever had a taste or a desire for it. He let go of the chair and the front legs slammed to the floor, nearly bucking the man out of it.  John turned and took a step away, only to have the detective's hand on his bicep, attempting to keep him there.  The vampire spun away from the contact and pushed a warning finger up at the man's face, as he hissed, "Don't touch me!"
John quirked his head to the side inquisitively and scoffed, "As in what? World domination? We are
“You can’t drink that.” He suddenly pointed out.
Sherlock gave a disgruntled snort of protest, twisting away in the chair, as he argued a muffled, “I’m still listening, John.”
John pulled back, an awkward and uncomfortable look contorting his features, as he shook his head and answered, "No, Sherlock, I don't know what you are talking about.  I didn't feel anything...I saw you running about the bloody flat like a naked lunatic.  What has you acting like this?  It's like you're...paranoid or something."
This realization evoked action.  The man gripped the sides of the tub, gained his footing and leaped out of the bath in one fluid motion.  Running out of the bathroom he darted to one of the large windows at the front of the flat, John's incredulous balk following him.  He pushed back the curtain and studied the street out front.  There was nothing out of the ordinary.  He rushed then to his bedroom, doing the same, experiencing the same result.  He closed his eyes and pressed his fingers against his temples, thinking, searching, reasoning, how was it even possible to tamper with another's mind.
The vampire's eyes narrowed on the detective.  "Good.  Get your things sorted and I will take care of mine."
After heading out from his small apartment, the sound of the soft pad of his hard rubber soles carried him down the well-lit streets as he walked. Heading in no particular direction, simply enjoying the difference in the taste of the air with the shift in barometric pressure and the kiss of a breeze that stirred the tops of tree's as he continued along the sidewalk, passing by people who often paid him no mind or quickly averted their gazes when his eyes met their own. Tuning his ears to the sounds of the city, the dull roar of metropolitan life and all the glaring trumpets of technology that surged and flourished all around them. There was the sudden, soft buzz that indicated a message had been received on his cell phone. He slipped his hand within the coat folds into the pocket of the jeans and retrieved the device, to see the illumination on the screen. Sliding his finger across the screen he quickly traced the pattern for the passcode that secured it.
A well of frustration was bubbling up inside him as he stomped his foot, kicking the arm of the sofa roughly, as his body tense as he let out a deep breath. Sliding into a sitting position he tossed his head into his hands and ruffled them through his dark hair. Elbows came to rest on his knees as he drew in a breath through his teeth.
"You mean, far from Lestat." Armand voice had dipped into annoyance with the utterance of the blonde’s name.
"John, I can—," Sherlock began but was abruptly cut off.
"Mary wanted to protect." Sherlock surmised.
After scouring the home unsuccessfully John finally had to work at breaking the lock by hand and not crushing Sherlock’s wrist in the process. It took the better part of a half hour—made evening longer by the detective’s constant nagging review of each failed attempt—and by the end of it the two men needed a break from one another’s company. The break was short, enough time for a wash up and a clothing refresh and then they were back at the consulting detective impromptu work station, pouring over the remainder of his findings. With Sherlock purposefully choosing to forego his theories on the disposal of Mary’s body for the time being.
The whisper had grown into an urgency within his brain. A thought that was mounting its forces and persisting in its need to be heard. John closed his eyes and begged it to reveal itself. Pleaded with the voice to show itself.
Silence settled into the room as John focused all of his attention on the wet material in his lap, idly pulling at a loose thread as small rivulets of water escaped and ran down his leg and onto the floor beneath him. Sherlock seemed to be pondering. He had that odd faraway look. From past experiences John knew that expression did not bode well for him at all. Standing abruptly, the taller man moved towards him, holding out a hand to help him to his feet. “Come John.”
“It’s the only place we can be close to equals, John,” Sherlock murmured, eyes still focused on the immortal's mouth. “Obviously we shall never be equals mentally. That much is a given.” Strangely, Sherlock’s tone was not laced with his trademark arrogance as he spoke the words. More, the casual tones of pointing out that he was physically taller than John – which he also liked to do – and there was no debating the statement.
The odors in the air ranged from menial to monumental—the strongest being the overall scent of ‘new’ and ‘clean’.  The hairs on the back of his neck began to rise with the quickening of his heart and the sudden conclusions drawing together in his mind, which created a sharp wrenching sensation in his gut.  He fought the to urge to run, search, scream, find, and settled on slow, methodical,
A hearty chuckle from both men rang out in the room, breaking the torturous malaise atmosphere that had descended on them. John’s hand dipped to the top curve of the other’s backside and gave it a sharp smack. Sherlock gave a satisfying yelp that was quickly followed by a low growl from between his gnashed teeth. He retaliated with a playful nip just beneath the vampire’s ear. John laughed softly as the detective’s mouth softened and laid a trickling trail of kisses along the length of his jaw until their mouths finally met.
“Yeah!” Lestat threw in, gesturing a dismissive hand at the mortal behind his desk, “Sherlock is mine!”
He heard Moriarty screaming, somewhere beyond the pounding in his ears, “No! No! This can’t be. I’ve won! No!”
The detective had demanded tea and by the time that they had rushed up the stairs the man had locked the bathroom door and proceeded to take a long shower.  The damn prick.  In lieu of the man’s presence and explanation the inspector had taken it upon himself to investigate the flat.  He had already done so, when Mrs. Hudson had alerted him to the fact that the consulting detective had not returned home for several days, and he found the flat in a similar condition now.  The bedroom was the most troubling, with its smashed drywall and what he had thought for sure was blood.
Sherlock seemed to either deftly ignore the spur in his voice or to not apprehend it at all, as he suddenly proclaimed, in a commanding voice, "We should have a baby together, John."
The small door they had all come through opened once more and soon the small chapel was filled with the monotone sound of latin prayers being sung. It was a dark sounding rhythmic pattern of song, one step above a chant, sung in a harmonic tenor and baritone—two individuals. The procession slowly came through the door, the duos steps covered by the volume of their synchronized voices. Moriarty was dressed in the holy vestment of an archbishop. The demon’s even steps ruffling the hem of the scarlet cassock, which was topped with a matching mozetta, and the tall diamond shaped mitre sat upon his most unholy brow.
Short and sweet. At least that was confirmation that she was going to be there when they arrived.
The arm around his shoulders lingered, almost as though in protest of the last thought. John really was not at that point yet where he could keep the other out of his mind. He was still an open book, a buffet to those with more experience or power, but Louis respected his privacy and was kind enough to acknowledge when he was projecting. Yet the grip around him was caring and drew him closer than it had before and John found himself willingly wrapping an arm around the others waist in return. They walked for a long while this way, in the silence that they normally chose whilst along the long twisting winding pathways that they explored on their route which always lead into the heart of the city.
The vampire stopped after a pace or two and turned back, making eye contact only for a brief moment, as quickly he explained, “Look, I can’t stay here.  It’s not safe.”
“Better me than him.” Sherlock replied, with a smirk. “At least I know what’s up there.”
The older landlady had learned early on not to be slow to answer the petulant calls of the man above her.  The possibility of consequence was inevitable, and one never knew the depth or breadth of which it would be.  So she had cursed softly and let her feet down from the crocheted ottoman, her hip popping painfully as she leaned forward in her chair.  Planting her hands on the arms she rocked back to create enough momentum to propel her forward, and launched herself, as much as an elderly woman could, on to her feet.
“Err… It’s not that easy, Sherlock.” John rubbed the back of his neck, as he followed the taller man out of the kitchen and towards the entry.
The detective roused, slowly, begrudgingly, snorting to life like any strung out junkie charging back into the here and now of reality.  His eyes fluttered open and then squinted shut, as he shielded them with a weakly raised forearm.  Lestrade sat back on his haunches, biting back an acrid comment, as he watched the genius pull himself up into a half seated position, back against the far edge of the couch, looking just as bewildered, disgruntled, and disheveled as the inspector had ever seen him.  What a sorry wreck.
