“Holy -” (words that she said are censored for readers discretion. Also I couldn’t think of words colorful enough)
“Well, if you’re drinking then you gotta sleep here. I am not bringing you home to Jody drunk. She’s the sheriff. She has a gun.”
Jo and Charlie were still talking and Dean was off screen having a muttered conversation. “So the bet was that if Dean proposed to him in a year that he would be in the video. If Dean lost then her would have had to give Cas the car,” Jo finished her story.
Castiel found himself looking at the wine curiously. His brother was constantly getting drunk and going to parties, but Castiel had always been uninterested. He wondered what ‘being tipsy’ was like. All he knew was what he had learned from his brother for his novels, and he wondered if being drunk himself would make it easier for him to describe being tipsy in his novels. Before he knew it, his mouth was speaking before he could stop himself.
“Hell no,” Dean scoffed. He pulled into the self-checkout and paid for the Ghirardelli, despite Castiel’s protests, and the rest of the items inside of the cart. “Your first pie is going to be good old fashioned homemade pie.”
“What is up with the wings?” Jo asked before he could reach her. The girl that she was behind turned around and tilted her head.
“Was it another bodice ripper?” Castiel chose not to answer that. Jo laughed, “come on, at least tell me what this one is about.”
“How long did this take you?” He asked as he gently ran his finger over a feather floating in the background.
Dean saw the skepticism on his face. “If you don’t want to snowboard,” he continued, “the lodge has a big stone fireplace and big comfy chairs. You can sit and read for hours. And they sell the best hot chocolate. I’ll buy you one.” He squeezed Castiel’s hand excitedly.
The picture was of Dean and Castiel. Dean was being pulled and dragged back into an apartment by a shadowy black figure who had a face that looked suspiciously like Bella. He was standing in the doorway facing Castiel in his trademark trench coat with the outline of wings behind him and glowing blue eyes. Castiel also had darkness behind him, reaching towards him. They were standing face to face in the apartment with Castiel’s arm reaching out to touch Dean’s shoulder where there was a circle of light that seemed to repel the darkness in both of them.
Castiel nodded and the moonlight sparkled in his blue eyes, “true one can never be too cautious. But why are you still pointing a knife at me?”
They sat in the bathroom in silence as they caught their breath. The sounds of the music and the party were muffled beyond the door. Eventually, somebody knocked because they had to pee.
If she hadn’t put him on edge before, he definitely was now. “Why would you try to help somebody if they are supposedly looking to kill you? Someone, who you also coincidently want to kill?”
“How about this, we stay for a couple of hours to hang out with Lee then jump ship to go watch that tombstone movie you wanted to see.”
“They were together a long time,” Charlie reminded him, “it’s normal to still be weird about it. But to me, it seems like he’s over her.” Castiel looked at her doubtfully. Charlie sighed at his facial expression.
Instead of voicing this out loud, he just stared at Dean. Hoping beyond hope that the first person that he felt truly understood him inside and out would be able to figure out exactly why he was there. Why he was standing there in front of the person who broke his heart.
The amount of time it took for him to put two and two together was a single second and in that single second he heard the strangest shout.
plans to be here tonight. My mom canceled a date with the hot sheriff from two towns over because she felt bad about leaving you here alone. And well, you're 18 and a senior in high school, and I don't think you had anything else going on, am I right?”
He slung the bow into the quiver, grabbed her hand and started running, “we can find them later but for now we need to get out of here. Those careers have almost gotten all the ones stupid enough to run to the middle.”
"What do we do then, our best strategist is currently on the ground." Dean was frustrated with Cas for stopping him and most certainly saving his life when all he wanted to do was hate the guy.
Cas just ignored Dean and pulled a flat knife from his bag. Out of the corner of his eye he could see Charlie bending over with a handful of sticks in her hand.
Castiel turned his head and captured Dean into another slow kiss. Finally, he pulled away and looked up to Dean, cheeks on fire. "Dean," he says. "Do it."
Sometimes Castiel and Dean would go for morning runs together, at Dean’s request. He still had to cut his speed in half so Dean would be able to keep pace for the run, but he didn’t mind.
After that day, Dean would invite Castiel to stay the night every time he knew he would be giving him a ride the next day. If they weren't watching movies, they were doing homework together. A fortunate byproduct being that Dean started actually doing decently in history. It was nice to be able to be out of the house more and eat edible cooking.
Castiel grunted, Dean whispered, "Oh fuck," and then Dean started again, pushing in, turning his wrist, and it sent a tingling heat straight into Castiel's cock. Castiel could no longer stay still for it. He started rolling his hips back, arching into Dean's thrusts.
“Thank you Sam.” Castiel nodded. Then he discreetly gestured to the person under the bed, “anybody I know?”
Dean reached out to wrap his arms around Castiel's back, pulling him close. Their half-hard cocks nuzzled between their bodies, and a frisson of pleasure spiraled up Castiel's spine. His ass ached, still open from Dean's fingers. Castiel bit his lip and wormed a hand between them, wrapping his fist around Dean's cock.
The voice belonged to the other tribute who seemed to be returning from speaking with the other careers. He was about the same size as Dean so that meant he towered over Jo. “Hello, my name is-” His voice was drowned out by the announcers calling for the lineup.
Dean coughed, “Right… I gotta- go over there now.” He gestured over toward where Bella left towards then proceeded to back away awkwardly.
At that, Dean moved closer, so their bodies were an inch apart and their lips were separated by just millimeters. Castiel found himself suddenly very distracted by Dean’s, well, everything. “Who’s Bella?” Dean asked quietly against Castiel’s lips.
Castiel felt a pit of dread in his stomach, that was also accompanied by a feeling of warmth for some reason. “What do you mean?
“You sure are,” Dean said breathlessly. He moved his hand down to palm Castiel through his pants which made a tension begin to build up in his chest. Castiel knew he was a virgin but he refused to come in his pants. He grabbed Dean’s hand and moved it to his ass instead.
Then the lights hit his eyes, blinding Dean momentarily so he couldn’t take in his surroundings. The timer was already counting down, “60, 59, 58.” He could see at 56 seconds and he looked around the clearing they were in. It was clearly a rainforest, what with the heat and excessive greenery. The capitol must have cleared the area for them to place the cornucopia. The people next to him were about four meters away. From what Dean could tell they were Anna and Naomi He looked around, searching for Jo anxiously.
“I’m not worried about having sex,” Castiel waved him off, “it’s nothing I haven’t done before. I’m worried about dealing with all the other psychopathic high schoolers.” He realized his mistake immediately when Charlie and Jo stared at him and gleeful surprise.
“Not now Cas.” He moved towards Castiel and rested his head on his chest. “Can we just talk in the morning?”
Jo frowned, “well now I am definitely going on the trip. You two will be so horny that leaving yourselves to your own devices would probably be considered a war crime.”
Castiel tried not to let it damage his ego that all the other kids were on the black diamond slopes and he was on the green circle, aka
Castiel's eyes fluttered closed, and he laid his head back down, lifting his hips for Dean's fingers. "Yesss." Castiel moaned out.
Sam nodded and handed over the envelope, “be careful with that. Dean will kill me if he finds out that I not only took that but damaged it.”
“No,” Castiel said guiltily. He knew it was a part of his contract, but he had honestly thought that Dean was going to break up with him by now and hadn’t thought about it. Besides, only cool people like Dean and his friends went on the ski trip.
Jo snorts. “Sure, keep telling that to yourself. Bella’s going on the ski trip, you know. She’s class president, so she’s basically organizing it. So just beware. Don’t ever ski alone.”
"I thought you were going to apologize for Kevin's death to be honest man. I didn't care you weren't there. Jo is ok now so." He shrugged.
“Anna’s watching,” Dean whispered low into his ear. Castiel instantly filled with nervous energy but he nodded as Dean kissed his temple then released him.
Dean waved away Castiel's concern, "bad dream. She and Jo died in it. Just wanted to make sure they were okay ya know?" He stared up at Cas through his lashes, "Jo is okay right?" Castiel's worried expression went into a blank look, carefully composed so Dean couldn't see his emotions.
As he began to back away, the door swung open to see a very disheveled Sam Winchester. His hair looked like he had stuck his finger in a socket, his shirt was on backward and there was a slowly forming bruise on his neck. Castiel pointedly kept his gaze away from what he assumed was a tent in his pants.
Castiel positioned himself, laying himself out over the pillow, ass on display, the slight chill in the air incited gooseflesh down his legs, or maybe that was excitement. "Like this?" Castiel asked.
Dean’s felt his eyes watering and he felt happy. So, so happy. But Castiel wasn’t finished just yet.
He found Cas in the living room, relaxing on the couch with a cup of coffee in one hand and the other arm slung over the back of the couch. Cas’s head was laid back and his eyes were closed. The scene before him brought back flashes of last night and Dean barely swallowed the ‘
Dean quickly advanced and pinned Cas down then swooped his lips down to give Cas a passionate kiss. When he thrusted his tongue into Cas’s mouth, he made Cas taste his own essence along with Dean. Cas moaned passionately at the knowledge and taste.
“Easy, Kelly,” Cas soothed in a soft voice that she’d recognized. It apparently worked because she stopped struggling and slowly opened her eyes. She peered vaguely at Cas then gave another weak cough. “Wha- what?” she stuttered hoarsely.
His favorite knife clattered to the motel room floor without conscious thought and suddenly his favorite pearl handled pistol was in his hand. He studied it critically, wondering where it had come from and what he was going to do with it. He struggled with that thought while he caressed the gun lovingly.
“You ruined everything, you bastard,” she hissed in an eerie voice while she tightened her grip on his throat.
Cas gave a half smile before turning serious. “Thought you might want to know. Ol’ Lady Hutchinson’s house didn’t come back this time. It’s still a burnt out ruin. Dad and some of his friends are planning to head out there tomorrow to make sure there’s nothing hazardous out there.”
Dean sighed and leaned his head over to trap the phone between his head and shoulder. “Cas,” he repeated dully, attempting to get his mind working as he searched it for an answer as to who this person actually was. Then it came to him. Cas was a non-friend who called Dean to check up on him occasionally.
Dean flashed a slight grin over that and actually looked at Cas for a change. “Might have to leave me directions to it but, hell, yeah. Might even be able to fix the Carlo before you do.”
Cas glared at his brother but was stopped from countering because of Dean’s shout of laughter. Dean only laughed for a few seconds before the pain from his ribs overcame him. He groaned while weakly trying to stop his laughter.
Dean shook his head as he took another gulp of his beer. “Nah. I’m good. Feels good to just sit back and relax a while. Don’t get to do this much anymore. Can get bar chicks anywhere, anytime, really. But this . .  .,” Dean trailed off, not really able to say more without opening some buried wounds.
He finished the grave then torched the house, making sure to salt and burn everything, including the cellar. He hung around as long as he could to make sure it didn’t get out of hand the blaze.
He coughed slightly when drier air easily flowed back into his lungs. He rolled over to cradle his lungs as he hacked slightly. He felt a comforting hand on his shoulder and knew it was Cas before he even spoke.
He had passed drunk about two beers ago with the help of the now empty bottle of Jack on the table. He felt the bottle in his hand and took another long pull before letting the bottle rest in his hand on the couch.
This time, Cas only held a hand down to him. Dean eyed the hand a long moment then snarked harshly, “Are you offering help or taunting?”
Dean grunted unimpressed. “Yeah? I had one with that but it didn’t do that much for me. Of course, she wasn’t really that good. Coulda had something to do with it. Nice to know that you’re kinky bastard, though, liking those piercings and shit.”
turn down a threesome,” Dean taunted with disbelieving eyes. “If you do, I might have to actually kick your ass next time.”
Cas started, “Okay. I’m not a neat freak but you are definitely showering before you lay down on my sheets. Get your duffel from the kitchen and I’ll show you where. I’ll get the couch set up in the meantime.” Dean nodded without comment, mainly because he totally agreed.
“Too hard. Just a minor concussion. Haven’t even thrown up yet so it’s manageable,” Dean dismissed easily.
Afterward, though, he felt so drained, like he had nothing left. He’d never before felt so disconnected. Sam, or his dad, had always grounded him so he’d never needed the emotional connection while his family was around. Unfortunately, they had all left him and now here he was floundering.
“Yeah, I get it. Same here,” Cas cut him off and agreed. Cas smiled in relief then wondered, “So want to get something at the bar? We’re supposed to meet Dad and the others at Ol’ Lady H’s place in a little over an hour.”
Kyle shook his head vigorously and insisted adamantly, “We looked . . . then we heard another scream and it sounded like someone said . . .”
“If you’re helping, you should probably hold the hand still and only one hand is the norm,” Dean instructed weakly.
Cas sighed heavily and rested his forehead against Dean’s. “Dean,” Cas exhaled and shuddered again in memory, “If you were any better, I’d be dead. No way do I believe that was a first time. You suck better than all the girls I know. God, you’ve ruined me.”
Dean rolled his head slightly, rubbing the back of his neck, then tried to rub some of the mud off of him. Cas grinned and Dean glared at him. Lyle told them, “It’s a consensus that we are done here. Some of the men will come back with the sheriff to take care of the grave when they have the proper equipment so I’m headed back to work. I know you need to take him to get a shower since you drove together but I’d like to know if you’re coming into work today, son.”
Dean spotted a badge on him and quickly guessed the man’s position in this gathering. Dean shrugged noncommittally, “Just letting you know what I heard that night and pieced together from the story Cas told me. Believe whatever you like. No skin off my back.”
Dean smiled wickedly then surmised enthusiastically, “Guess we have to have another contest, huh, baby?”
Cas sighed and ran a hand through his hair then ordered, “Drink the water. I’ll get you home as quick as I can.” Dean nodded slightly then leaned back to rest his head and closed his eyes. Cas climbed into the truck then drove them home.
Dean shook off his morbid thoughts then refocused on the present. He should have been paying more attention, or drinking less, but, as it was, he never had a chance. He’d been at a deficient from the get go.
Dean glared at him and stood up slowly before he warned harshly, “Well, right now, I’m thinking you need an attitude adjustment, buddy boy, so pipe the hell down. Now what the hell are you talking about?” Alfie pulled back slightly and shifted uneasily under Dean’s warning.
Dean had stayed by Cas during the conversation but, at the end, he placed a hand on Cas’s arm briefly before hoisting himself into the backseat. He grimaced as his ribs protested then smirked at the two in the front. He teased lightly, “No more naking, you two. The elders are back and we’re not into the whole voyeur thing.”
Dean sighed heavily then admitted, “No, not really but also not really comfortable down here. Know what I mean?”
Dean finally grabbed a hold of a strong root that had forced itself in through the brick wall. He grabbed the jutted out brick with his other hand and tried to gain a foot hold to relieve the pressure on his arms and shoulders. His ribs screamed in agony but he clenched his teeth and fought against the pain. He quickly glanced around and determined he was maybe halfway down but he couldn’t climb up. There just weren’t enough things to hold on to.
“Because it’s the only haunted house within a hundred mile radius,” Cas answered dryly with a shrug. “This time of year, kids get a kick out of trying to get each other to go inside. Of course, most of the time, they just sit outside drinking beer. They won’t be jumping off the old train bridge because they’ve been doing it all summer and are pretty bored with it by now.”
“That’s Sammy. I’ve always been more old school,” Dean dismissed while he moved toward the stereo. “Might bring some tapes in from the car.”
Dean quickly interjected firmly, “None of it was real. You guys were just drunk and telling ghost stories. Your imaginations got out of hand.”
“Ribs are still really pissed. Left ankle’s a little sore but no big. Take your time. Not like I’m claustrophobic or anything,” Dean snarked wryly.
Dean sighed heavily. He really hated pity parties so he redirected his thoughts. First things first, he needed aspirin, water and a shower. Preferably in that order. Of course, that meant he had to open his eyes and greet this obnoxiously bright day.
Dean sighed shakily and looked into those deep golden eyes. They appeared to be made out of molten gold, burning hot, burning through him. He flushed with heat under Cas’s intense stare. He subconsciously wet his lips.
Cas frowned, wondering what Dean was doing but didn’t ask. “I don’t know. I mean, I went in there once, but nothing really happened. Something was knocked over by the wind and thought that I might have heard a voice beside me that spooked me. I got out of there pretty quick. That’s what happens most of the time but a few kids swear that they saw Ol’ Lady H and she knocked them around some. Then she yelled at them to get out of her house.”
“Here. Drink,” Dean ordered firmly. She stared at him with surprised suspicion. He smiled reassuringly and told her honestly, “It’s just water.”
Dean smirked and adlibbed playfully, “Shouldn’t surprise you. In case, you don’t remember, teenagers will do all kinds of crazy things when they are drunk and bored. And, I’m not sure, but I might have smelled some pot out there that night as well.”
Dean motioned Alfie away so that he could get next to Kelly. He fell to his knees easy enough then leaned over and checked for a pulse and found one. He leaned over and checked for breathing. He announced clinically, “She has a pulse and is breathing.”
The line was silent for a moment while Cas apparently thought it over then Cas relented with a heavy sigh, “Okay. I’ll call when I get off. Take care of your ribs, Dean.”
Cas smiled and informed him, “I took the rest of the day off. Figured I could practice with you and maybe teach you some moves.” That last part seemed to have heavy innuendo with it and neither of them wanted to acknowledge it.
He really should have stayed in that motel room, in that last godforsaken town. Memories of the last time he was this drunk returned to him. He knew if this didn’t work out, he was very close to a repeat.
The soft touch lightly explored his six pack definition and, though he tried to stop it, a soft, needful moan slipped past his carefully constructed walls. His eyes popped half opened to see Cas still his hand on Dean’s abs while he looked up at him. Dean breathed out huskily, “D- don’t . . . don’t stop It’s . . . good, so good.”
He slowly sat up and waited until the room stopped spinning. When he was sure that he wouldn’t hurl right away, he gradually stood, using the bed post as support. He frowned and glanced down, wondering where the hell his clothes were, but his stomach protested.
“I can go for a burger and some darts or something. Need to get out of the house a bit,” Dean answered lightly then taunted, “That is, unless you need the rest, old man.”
“Dude, you so have no clue about my dreams so let’s eat then we’ll figure out who’s pretty and who’s the bitch,” Dean suggested mockingly.
He just wanted to relax and hang out with his friend. With that in mind, he’d already stocked up on beer and Jack but he really hoped that they wouldn’t do too much of that. He’d never met anyone who drank like Dean. He knew it wasn’t healthy but had a hard time criticizing Dean for it with all that he was coming to find out about his friend’s life.
He hated it, this need within him, the need to feel something, anything besides the loneliness and pain that he had been. He really couldn’t stand to have a woman with him after the last few fiascos in that department so this was all he could have and not be alone. He felt Casy’s hand glide gently up his chest and Dean arched slightly into the caress as another soft moan slipping under his mantel of control.
He reached into his inside jacket pocket and told Cas, “Lift her head up.” He pulled out a silver flask and gently tilted it to her slack lips. He poured the clear liquid into her mouth, causing her to choke and gasp then she started struggling.
Alfie grimaced but related, “We were drinking and partying, you know. Just like everyone does. Then Todd and his gang started harassing people to go inside. I just wanted to go and Kyle wanted to as well. I knew I was running late for curfew but then Kelly,” he paused with a sigh. “Kelly wants to be more popular. I keep telling her it isn’t worth it but she . . .  anyway, she loved the way everyone looked at her after she announced that she would do it. I tried to stop her, but she brushed me off and went on in. It seemed like such a long time from then to .  . .”
“We’ll see,” Cas allowed noncommittally and wiggled his eyebrows wickedly. “We may have to get really close.”
Lyle cracked a slight smile at that observation and quickly interceded to delay the fight that was brewing. He could see these two were more than ready to start swinging at each other. It was kind of funny because he’d never seen anyone stand up to his son the way this boy was doing and he could tell that Cas wasn’t sure what to make of it either.
“Whatever, nutcase,” Cas dismissed. “Maybe I’ll finally get a chance to knock you on your ass while I’m at it.”
Dean walked into Mel’s sports bar in the middle of Nowhereville and took off his sunglasses while he gave the room a quick once over. It was almost four in the afternoon on the second day and he was starving. He glanced around the bar but didn’t see Cas so he wandered over to the bar to ask the bartender since Cas seemed to be something of a regular around here if their conversations were anything to go by.
“Okay, boy,” Lyle finally allowed. “Looks like you dodge the bullet, or the snake as the case may be. How many were there? We heard about five shots.”
Dean turned and explained, “We both need water and aspirin before we pass out or our hangovers are going to be wicked bitches.”
Depression clouded his thoughts again as he acknowledged that the ghost’s depression was gone. What he felt now was all the stuff he’d been stuffing way down inside that little box in the farthest reaches of his mind. The ghost had brought it all to the surface and made him feel it even more intensely. Like the fact that he was totally alone in this, which was something that he knew all too well. He’d been mostly alone for the past two months, since Cassie, since the college job, since his dad had up and left him yet again, and again. Only this time, no note was left behind.
Cas returned the grin and taunted confidently, “Doubtful but whatever helps you sleep at night. Call me when you’re headed out and I’ll give you directions. You pass Mel’s on the way so you can head that way for starters.”
The screaming stopped and a force shoved him down the stairs. He tried to control the fall down the stairs while making sure that he kept his gun and flashlight in their respective hands. His left shoulder hit the stairs hard. He went with it and rolled to his feet then threw his back against the nearest wall as he surveyed the scene. Of course, his shoulder didn’t appreciate that, judging by the burst of pain that exploded from it. He ignored it and surveyed the scene before him.
After they’d finished eating all the pizza, they settled back and kept drinking while relaxing and trading stories of adventure and women. They were both on their sixth or seventh beer respectively. Lights were out since they had started drinking around five and didn’t see any reason to get up and turn on more light. The action flick they had been barely paying attention to was over and the credits were rolling.
Cas lightly bit at Dean’s bottom lip then pulled and sucked at it, making Dean moan louder, before breaking away to catch his breath. “Damn, Casy,” Dean panted breathlessly. “God, man, you
Dean sighed heavily, remembering the other set of bones he’d uncovered. He’d put them all together to burn, just to make sure since he wasn’t a forensics expert. He ran a hand through his hair nervously.
“Nah. I’m good here,” Dean answered quickly, not really wanting to move at all. He wanted to change the subject before Cas could ask him anything else.
Dean smirked slightly, enjoying making this huge guy squirm under him, “Don’t know. How does it feel?”
Dean shook Cas’s arm off, like he just now realized it was behind him. “Of course. Driven a lot worse off.” Cas looked uncertain but Dean reassured him. “I’m peachy, dude. Don’t go all girly on me now. You lead. I’ll follow. It’s not like I’m going off on my own, you know.”
Dean flushed slightly in embarrassment from the undeserved praise then held up his muddy hand in a motion to show how dirty they were. Lyle shook his head at Dean and gripped his hand anyway before pulling him in for a one armed hug. Lyle nodded to Cas and headed off to the other group of men.
Cas breathed heavily against Dean’s lips, countering, “So can you. God, you taste good. Think we need a tie breaker.”
By then, he’d entered the bedroom and saw the huge king size bed. He couldn’t stop teasing in his blissed out mood. “Are you sure there’s enough room there, Hulkster?” His eyes passed between Cas’s large form and the bed.
Cas instructed in his military tone, “Alfie, my truck. I’ll take you both home. Kyle, you’re going to lead in your car. Are you okay to drive?”
Dean cocked an eye open, commenting without thinking, “Which is why we’ll never do real gay guy sex.” Then he quickly amended, “If we ever do this again.”
Frantic pounding on the door snapped Dean into an upright position that set off his ribs. He groaned and fell back as he tried to breathe through the pain.
Alfie smirked, “Nice try. Now, relax back down and quit hurting yourself. You know you’re insane, don’t you?”
He considered Cas for a moment then offered softly, “Look, if you want to test them out, you know, touch them, it’s cool. Like I said. We’re friends. Just ‘cuz we’re guys doesn’t mean there can’t be any touching as long as we don’t talk about it afterward. Ever watch a game, any kind of game, those guys pat each other on the ass all the time. It doesn’t mean anything.”
He knew it’d been a while since he’d actually had sex with anyone, or rather, a long while, by his standards anyway. But that shouldn’t have been causing this. He really wished he could figure it all out so he could stop it.
Dean quickly picked her up with one arm around her waist. He turned to check the room before he tried to fumble with the door, moving his sawed off shotgun to the crook of his arm. He heard something move behind him. He spun around, grabbing for his gun.
He swallowed down the rest of his beer and leaned over to get another one off the table in front of them. He felt Cas’s eyes on him and wondered if he was imagining Dean in cuffs. Probably not. Cas didn’t swing that way.
Cas drew a shuddering breath but only allowed Dean a few sucks on his cock before Cas pulled him up by the shoulder and latched on to Dean’s mouth. Cas walked Dean back and forced him down on to the bed as he pressed his hips down in Dean as hard as he could. Their cocks rubbed but were out of alignment so Cas reached between them and grabbed up both of them together more firmly than Dean ever could.
Cas drank in Dean’s wonderful sweet taste, swearing it was the best thing he’d ever sampled. He dominated Dean’s mouth, only vaguely surprised when Dean gave up control so easily. That left Cas craving more. Dean was his to do whatever he wanted to. He sensed that in Dean’s quick submission and need. He moaned forcefully into Dean’s mouth at the passion and images that thought suddenly ignited within him, unable to believe how intense his desire became.
“Nice,” Dean commented absently, wondering what it would be like to build your own house. “Couch is fine by me. Don’t need much. Could sleep in my baby if I need to. Have before. Let’s go grab a table.”
Dean frowned in confusion so Cas added in the explanation, “You know, something that a child could get trapped in or hurt themselves on.”
“What are you? My mother? I decided to start training for the big day and went out for a run,” Dean adlibbed as only he could. “It’ll be a while before I’m done. How about I meet you at Mel’s after work? Then you can
Dean finally yielded because his ribs really couldn’t take anymore. He tapped out since their match had dissolved into grappling on the ground. Cas let him go easily then stood up and held a hand down for Dean. Dean grasped it and allowed Cas to pull him up.
“Stop it,” Kelly yelled with her hands over her ears. “Just stop it. It didn’t happen. Hear me. It never happened. We just had a really bad trip, or something.”
A loud screech rent the night as she faded away. Kelly dropped to the ground with a groan while Dean quickly reloaded. He nudged Alfie and ordered harshly, “Grab your girlfriend and go.” Alfie only stared at him vaguely, not comprehending that he was free.
Cas knew why and felt a strong urge to beat the crap out of Dean’s baby brother but he shook it off and warned, “Well, I’m going to hit the shower. Be out in a minute. Don’t eat all the pizza or I’ll kick your ass again.”
Dean plastered a smirk on his face with his game face then slapped Cas on his shoulder, reminding Cas he was still there and listening. Cas swung around to glare at Dean who laughed in Cas’s face, “Dude, they pranked the others. Good prank, too. You know they have to be hiding somewhere out here. We just need to find them. Right?”
Cas smiled tauntingly, holding Dean’s gaze, while he reached down and grabbed his cock. He moaned softly and observed Dean through half-closed eyes. He watched Dean’s cock grow while Dean’s eyes were glued to Cas. Cas slowly stoked himself while he watched Dean wet his lips longingly then Cas commented huskily, “Oh, I’ll do something about this, if you want me to. And I’ll even let you watch. Or, you can . . . do whatever you want with it.”
Dean swirls the dark-honey tinted liquor in his glass. He flicks his eyebrows up before taking a swig. “I have a long drive tomorrow. I need to get some rest.”
Sam returns from his date, unnoticed, and walks into the room, seeing Dean spread out on the couch. He eyes the empty whiskey bottle on the coffee table and sighs. Sam remembers the other whiskey bottle left on the library table. The same one Dean had been nursing before Sam left.
"You haven't had one of those since you were like in your twenties and yellow eyes was after you. Why the fuck now?"
. So, Dean settles for the two day old pepperoni pizza in the fridge. Not too bad, and he will never say no to pizza. Dean isn't sure how long he was passed out but the effects of the whiskey have certainly worn down a bit. He can't walk a straight line, but his vision is more clear. He clumsily carries the pizza box over to the library table next to his laptop and sits it down. Quietly, he pulls the chair out and takes a seat. The hunter in him wants to make sure everything is quiet out in the world. The clock on his laptop confirms its 4:38 AM.
"I don’t care about your opinion. I’m in this now." Dean glances at Jody, pleading for help. She shrugs, knowing there is no stopping Claire Novak when she has her mind set on something. “How does the spell work?”
“The translation from the book was misinterpreted many years ago and important details were lost.” He walks over to the coin and picks it up. “The Enochian on this describes it as a compass, but for it to work correctly there must be a tether.”
“Dean, I understand your anger. But I’m more than just my old self now. It was difficult to find a balance. But with some help, I think I know now.”
“What have we here?” The demon peers around to face Dean. “A Winchester. Well, I feel honored.” The demon is possessing some young twenty year old kid, most likely a college student. He was probably Sam’s age when I pulled him from law school, Dean thinks. The demon straightens his dark suit jacket as Dean eyes him carefully. “So, are we just going to have a staring contest or do you have an offer to make?”
"I can sense it. There isn't much, so Dean will have to work quickly to find Cas." Jack turns to Claire, his eyes somber. "I have to let you know this won't be easy. It will be painful. The remaining grace will act as a conduit to another dimension full of pain and despair. That will flow through you, and you two will be connected. The further he goes-"
Dean's heart stops. Two words are all he needs to hear. For a moment, Dean forgets to breathe. He turns around and sees Castiel. His Cas. Dean takes a step forward as Castiel's silhouette becomes clearer. He is wearing his regular trench coat, suit and tie. His hair is a bit messy. But something is off with his demeanor. Almost cartoonish. Dean doesn't care though. He swiftly walks the ten feet to Castiel, closing the distance.
Dean searches his memories, thinking of anything significant he can live without. Nothing sticks out. He can't part with any memory of Castiel, especially when that is all he has left of him. And he can’t fight his way out of here. His gun is back in the trunk of the Impala, and he hardly knows which way is up or down.
Still giggling, the girl looks toward Dean. Her eyes are black from the enlarged pupils. Dean wouldn’t even know the color of her iris’. “You don’t meet him, silly. Not with that anyway.” She points to his hand.
Claire slowly turns away from Kaia, meeting the older brother’s gaze. With her eyebrow cocked, she disregards Sam and replies, “We’re here to help, dingus. You think I’m giving up on this that easily? Would you?” Dean’s expression softens, and he licks his lips.
Lucian smiles and eyes the book Dean is gazing at. “I help people forget ex-lovers, get promotions, get pregnant, some even ask to be forgotten. That one is certainly interesting.”
Alex is halfway chewing a bite of food, shocked at what she just heard. Working twelve hour shifts at the hospital really puts one out of the loop. Kaia clears her throat, eyebrows raised. "I'm sorry, but what's going on exactly?" Alex nods in agreement.
“I am getting bored of this.” The Shadow clutches Dean’s head, sending excruciating shock waves throughout his nervous system. He cries out in agony.
Sam searches Dean's face for any kind of sign of self actualization or will to live. "Why does it matter? I can still strive for that with you alive. We both can," he adds.
Blood profusely drips from Claire’s nose as she continues to cough. Despite the power from the spell, Claire’s legs give out and she falls to the floor. Kaia drops to her side. The image of her is all too familiar and Kaia begins to panic. Not thinking, she reaches down and grasps Claire’s face.
"I don't know what you think you're making but it definitely, definitely ain't breakfast," Dean smarts. He trashes the burnt bacon and starts a new batch. "Sit. No, why don't you make some coffee."
Kaia’s gaze follows Alex's movements as she reaches for the whiskey above the refrigerator. “The blue light that came from Claire, what was it? She was dead and then she wasn’t.” Kaia looks at Dean.
Castiel slowly opens his eyes, looking at Dean. The cerulean stands out against the crimson spattered across his face and Dean grins, bursting with happiness. “Cas!” Dean kneels next to him, placing a hand on his shoulder.
"You're slightly high on magic. I needed your mind open to the spell so I could materialize your friend. It's more difficult, if you're not relaxed. The human mind can create barriers for spells regarding psyche distortion and manipulation. That's why vision walk tea is all hallucinogens." Lucian breathes after his lecture on magic. "Anyway, now as for payment." He trails off. Dean winces, glancing at Lucian. "Memories hold a lot of value- power even. One single memory could take down an entire army, if you know what you're doing."
It’s knuckles land on Dean’s face again, with another incoming but he blocks it. Dean gains the upper hand once more, throwing a few punches until the Shadow twists his arm, pulling him to the ground. He grimaces as white-hot pain shoots through his arm. Castiel remains weak and motionless. His chest tightens with agony as he’s forced to watch Dean suffer. The Shadow kneels above Dean with a sadistic grin, gripping his jaw. “I’m going to enjoy this.”
Cas sighed, “Look, Dean, you have nothing to feel guilty about.” Dean flinched and jerked slightly at the direct hit but Cas continued softly, “I wanted you just as much last night but I can tell it upsets you so let’s just write it off to the alcohol. No one has to know and we don’t ever have to talk about it again. Deal?”
Dean felt Cas’s big hand reach up to his neck and cradle his head, turning Dean’s face toward him. Cas’s warm breath washed over his cheek as he repeated, “Need someone to what, Dean?”
Lyle grinned at their ragging and told Cas, “I’ll be at the shop when you get there. Let me know if you need to leave early for practice.” Then Lyle held out his hand and thanked Dean, “That’s twice you saved my boys. You’re coming to dinner tonight after your practice. You need to meet the rest of the family. Too bad Steve isn’t here but I have a feeling you’ll get a chance to meet him yet.”
“Just . . . just touch . . . touch me, Casy. Just a little touch. That’s all. Nothing else,” Dean coaxed softly, too drunk to keep it in anymore. “
Alfie slowly opened his eyes and stared at his brother with desperate eyes. “Please tell me none of it was real.”
“Dude, what have I told you about that?” Cas warned playfully then glanced up to see Dean’s slight smile with the closed eyes. Dean seemed to sense it because he chose just that time to flip Cas off. Cas gave a small snort of amusement before pulling into Kelly’s driveway.
“We do,” Lyle agreed and they all nodded. “But no one’s ever been trapped inside before. I mean, some say they saw her. Others said they heard her. But no one’s ever been hurt by her before.”
Dean smiled widely with relieved pleasure and added resolutely, “Don’t worry about it, Casy. Just touch me and I can . . . Already so turned on. Won’t take much.”
“Because you haven’t really been trying. Let me guess. Don’t really care. Don’t have the energy to care,” Cas guessed knowingly and knew he was right when Dean’s eyes move away. “Yeah, I get it. After I got dumped by ‘the one’ a while back. Felt the same. Got back into and, guess what? Just got dumped again. Chicks, man. Too bad we need them, huh?”
“Damn,” Cas hissed in a whisper then again louder when Dean slapped his inner thigh. “What the hell?”
Dean pulled up, twisted and squeezed a little harder this time, cutting off Cas’s question. Another shudder passed through Cas. Dean focused on the head of Cas’s cock but glanced over at Cas in confusion. “What do you mean?”
Cas turned his head to look at Dean and asked blearily, “What? No, well, wait. What if it was with another guy?”
“Aw,” Dean patronized mockingly. “Is someone missing their beauty sleep? Don’t worry, old man. I’ll get us home soon and I’ll even put you to bed if it’s past your bed time.”
Dean automatically slapped Cas’s hands away while he growled, “Back off. I got it.” Dean gained his feet slowly but was barreled over before he was even halfway vertical. He felt a girl’s hands squeeze his throat and he knew in that instant that the damn ghost had taken possession of Kelly. Why couldn’t he ever get a simple hunt?
“What the hell are you all doing ganging up on him?” Cas demanded in response to Dean’s nervousness.
“It means,” Dean explained firmly, “how many of you would have admitted to, one, seeing a ghost to your friends, or, two, being thrown around by a female ghost? Most people will write it off or bury it rather than have their family and friends believe they’re a few cards short of a deck. You know I’m right.” They all shifted uneasily which gave him their confirmation.
He quickly forgot about his nakedness and hurried to the bedroom bathroom. He hurled into the toilet until he got all the poison out. He rinsed his mouth and flushed then checked the medicine cabinet. He took three aspirin and drank some more water out of the faucet before he climbed in the shower.
“Shit, Cas. How do you turn me on so much?” Dean demanded in an almost compliant. He pumped them again before he realized. He whispered into Cas’s neck, “Not wet enough, baby. Gonna fix it.”
They entered Mel’s and found a table in the back. Cas pulled out his cell and told his dad that they would help the others with checking the grounds. He signed off, “Yeah, I’ll take care of the Monte Carlo tomorrow. See you then.”
Dean smirked wryly. “Remember the night we met? Strangers are always the first targets.” Cas glowered in memory but Dean ignored him and turned back to the crowd.
Dean mentally mapped the way to the area haunted house because he knew that he’d have to come back and finish this later. Tomorrow, while Cas was at work, would probably be the best time. It wasn’t a difficult drive as there weren’t too many turns in the trip, which was really good since there were no road signs on the way. During the drive, he had Cas tell him the history surrounding Ol’ Lady Hutchinson.
Dean smiled softly. “Already told you no. Not gay, or, even bi. Just not caring right now. Way too comfortable. Relaxed.” He gave a slow stretch then scratched lightly at his left pec then rubbed his hand down over his abs which were a little sore from their mock fight earlier. He laid his head back and watched the TV with half closed eyes.
He took another long drink from the almost empty bottle of Jack before setting it carefully on the floor by its empty twin. He picked up the phone and opened the call without trying to read the name. His eyes were so blurry that he knew he wouldn’t be able to make it out anyway.
He led the sheriff to the grave, knowing all the while what would happen when he saw it. He stopped beside it and waited. The sheriff observed dryly, “Well, now, it looks like this has been dug up recently.”
“What are we? A couple? I ain’t no chick, you know,” Dean teased mockingly as he remembered the fight he’d started after his last encounter with some witches. Those type of encounters never end well for him. He shook off that memory and admitted ruefully, “Actually, I’m glad you did call because my phone got trashed in that fight. Didn’t have your number so are you calling me from your cell or home?”
“Tease,” Cas hissed but his eyes danced with warmth. Dean arched a playful eyebrow. Cas smirked, “Always knew you’d be a little cock tease.”
Once the door closed behind them, Cas fixed his gaze on Dean and stared for a long moment before he stated outright, “I’m not asking because I know you’ll just evade. Alfie’s right. You do look bad just not as bad as last night.”
Dean sighed in relief and satisfaction that he always had after a job well done. “Rest in peace, you old bat. Give the old man hell if you’re headed that way.”
He felt more human after the shower and toweled off quickly. He wrapped it around his waist then walked out of the bathroom. He spotted his duffel in a corner by the bed. He got out some clean clothes and dressed for the day. His boots were missing which meant they were probably outside. He put on everything but those then left the room, searching for Cas and some answers.
Cas shook his head then realized he forgot to get a cover for Dean when he’d gotten the sheets. He went back into the bedroom and grabbed an extra blanket from the top shelf. He headed toward the living room then he heard Dean talking. He paused in confusion for a moment and couldn’t help hearing what was going on.
Kelly flashed a look of thanks to him before checking with Alfie who nodded in acquiesces. She relaxed slightly then tensed as Dean leaned forward and tapped her shoulder. She turned back again.
Dean addressed them honestly, “I’m not sure what you want me to tell you. I thought you all knew the old lady’s story.”
“You know, damnit,” Alfie growled. “What the hell? You went by yourself, didn’t you? I know Cas wasn’t with you because he’s been working with Dad all day. I checked. What the hell were you thinking?”
“You okay?” he slurred a little as he checked his . . . whatever. It’d been a month since he’d seen Cas last. Those good times seemed so, so distant to him now.
“He’s an impressionable teenager who’d been drinking,” Dean dismissed casually, watching Cas carefully through lazy eyes.
“There isn’t one really. I mean, there is the slasher inn at the other end of town but even the bugs won’t stay there. You’ll be staying with me. I have a great couch in the living room, or so Gabriel tells me. You can also stay with my folks. They have a guest bedroom. Mine has not been added to the house. Yet,” Cas explained. At Dean’s inquiring look, Cas shrugged, “It’s a work in progress.”
Cas glanced back, replying, “Yeah. Why? Thought all you youngsters were into the electronic information age.”
He stopped right away to get a large coffee which aided in the sobering process then got back on the road. He drove until he couldn’t anymore then he found a place to park his car off the highway. He passed out for a while before continuing his journey. It always helped him to have a destination in mind and, deep down, he had a desperate need to be around people he knew right now. Currently, Cas was all he had left that fit, or was willing to fit, that requirement anymore.
“’Kay,” Dean acknowledged softly while he attempted to prepare himself to feel Cas’s hands on his torso.
“Keep your friggin’ pants on, bitch,” Dean taunted back loudly. “Was a little busy down here. Shit.”
“From what I remember, being a teenager is reason enough. Your dad’s health, you being away and the problems that happened after might have all piled up on him. Now that you’re back, he has the freedom to let loose again,” Dean hypothesized softly.
“No, . . . I mean, yeah, she, well, maybe she dumped me,” Dean started hesitantly because the alcohol had loosened his tongue way too much. Or maybe it was just Cas. Or maybe Dean really needed someone to talk to. His family wasn’t around anymore. He didn’t have any friends and he’d never been one to cry on a stranger’s shoulder.
Dean barely managed to keep his eyes from glancing at Cas but he couldn’t stop the heat from rising to his cheeks. He played into it by admitting sheepishly, “Yeah, she caught me off guard and grabbed me by the neck.” He rubbed the back of his neck uncomfortably then peeked at Cas. He wished his body didn’t react so suddenly to the flush on Cas’s face.
“Just need . . . someone, someone to . . . touch, to . . . toloveme, I mean, loveonme. No, just touch,” Dean stumbled slightly then rushed out quietly before he backtracked, hoping that he hadn’t given away too much. Appeared too weak, pathetic. Finally, he turned his head away in embarrassment.
“Dude, we are both drunk off our asses. It doesn’t matter what’s on the TV that we aren’t paying attention. That,” Dean motioned towards Cas’s groin, feeling his own swelling in response, “is from either the threesome or the bondage. So which is it?”
The whole time, Cas bucked, thrusted and squirmed, moaning and groaning under him. Dean had never felt so much pleasure at one time and no one had even touched him yet. Cas let him do what he wanted with Cas’s large body.
“Damn it, Dean, you damn well better answer me or I swear I’ll kick your ass into next month,” Cas yelled angrily.
Kyle stepped forward and explained, “It’s making the rounds that someone set the Ol’ Lady’s house on fire. Everyone is blaming everyone else but Alfie . . . “
“Has it?” Dean demanded with mounting dread, wondering if he’d already screwed up the only relationship he’d had left. It took conscious effort to not grip his hair tightly as he mentally berated himself,
Dean glared and admitted, “I was thinking that I should’ve remembered this damn death trap soon so that I could’ve warned everyone, asshole. That’s what I was thinking but, of course, you with your Hulk like stature just had to be the one to step on the rotten thing. Why the hell didn’t you watch were you were going, moron?”
By the end of the match, it appeared that they were both pretty evenly matched. What Dean didn’t have in strength and reach, he made up for in speed, dexterity and slightly better tactics. They both panted heavily and stared at each other from their locked positions.
Dean climbed into the back of Cas’s truck and Cas thought for a moment about telling him that he’d been joking but felt that Dean really needed some alone time. He tossed Dean a bottle of water from inside the cabin then asked, “Need some aspirin or something?”
Cas smirked and took the glass out of Dean’s hands, startling him slightly. “I’ll let you get your rest, Sleeping Beauty.”
Cas stared back at him and for a very long moment neither one of them said anything then Dean returned to the only slightly safer topic. “So if it wasn’t a threesome, what was it? Bondage?” Dean guessed randomly and Casy flushed slightly, causing Dean to chuckle slightly. “You in handcuffs or her?”
It had started out innocently enough. Cas wondered with a slight slur to his voice, “So, want to go over to Mel’s to see what’s happening? You know, who’s there and stuff?” Dean arched an eyebrow in confusion. Cas sighed and summarized, “Look, you’ve been here a couple of days and I know you haven’t, you know, got any, Barbara notwithstanding.”
Dean set his glass down and reached for the bottom of his shirt then started to pull up slowly, trying to not aggravate his injuries. Cas stood and helped him pull the shirt off of him. Dean eased himself back with a small sigh and left himself open to Cas’s examination.
“He’s good,” McDonald answered for him. “He didn’t go inside. The other two did. Makes a difference.”
Cas rolled his eyes and started out of the bar. Dean grabbed his jacket and pulled it on as he followed. Cas’s phone rang before they cleared the door, but he didn’t answer it until they were outside. “Yeah,” Cas snapped out in answer. He frowned then sighed heavily, “What do you want me to do? I don’t know where he is.” He listened for a moment then relented, “Yeah, okay. I’ll get back to you.” Dean looked at him in question as they approached Cas’s truck.
“Mmmm. Definitely. Awesome,” Dean answered sluggishly. His relaxed state allowed his weariness to flow through him. He was so relaxed that his body felt like Jello.
“Cas? Cas? Oh, hey, Cas. What’s up?” Dean queried dully, now remembering his recent mark turned what?
Dean swallowed hard again. He wasn’t sure if it was the night’s activities or what but, damn, did Cas always have that sexy of a voice? He cleared his throat then answered nervously with a slightly hoarse voice, “Uh, good. Really good. You’ve got an awesome bed in there but you didn’t . . .”
Dean laughed, “Pool. Probably should rest before sparring. Speaking of, where’s the nearest motel? Didn’t see one on my way in.”
Dean exhaled heavily, “Yeah, okay, sure. Nothing going on at the moment. I’ll head over but if Dad calls . . .”
Cas shrugged and told him the whole story about how her husband supposedly killed her, but nothing was ever proven. Her body was never found. Supposedly, he killed her to marry a younger woman then brought that woman home.
True, she’d been killed like an hour after he got to town before he’d even really started investigating. True, he didn’t even know she’d be a victim. True, he killed the thing that had killed her even after it had sunk its depressing, life-sucking claws into him. Yeah, all that was true. None of it erased the memory of her terror-struck eyes in what pictures had shown was a genuinely happy, loving child.
He paused then continued, “Look, I know you’ve been through a lot lately with Dad and all. Now, this hasn’t helped anything but, I want you to know, I’m here for you. Whatever, whenever you need me, just call or come by. Clear?”
Dean shook his head slightly before he argued, “Well, one, I have busted ribs and a hell of a concussion so I’m impressed that you even think that I could manage that today. I must be bad ass. Two, I never confirmed that I did it and you should know what assumptions do. Finally, three, who in the hell would I have taken with me if I had a notion to do it? I sure as hell wouldn’t take you kids.”
Dean moved his hand to the spot and felt Cas’s hands join his there. He ignored the usual rush, although he felt himself swell slightly with interest. He internally tried to regain control over his body.
Cas saw a flash of guilt in Dean’s eyes before he turned away and swiftly moved toward the truck. Cas frowned with concern as he wondered what Dean felt guilty about anyway. He recounted what had just happened with Lyle and was able to surmise two possibilities. Either Dean thought he had taken some of Lyle’s attention away from Cas which Cas didn’t really buy. Or, and this was much more likely, Dean felt guilty about what they had done to each other last night. Cas sighed heavily, not sure what to do to make his friend feel better if that was the case.
“No, but he’s a about my size and likes trench coats,” Dean described briefly. “Really hard to miss.”
This was getting ridiculous for a totally not gay Dean. But Cas’s hands moved so gently over his wound that he was once again reminded what it was like to be taken care of, to have someone concerned over his welfare. It kind of reminded him of how Sam, and his dad, used to care, sometimes. He knew that was messed up, that
After the first few ladies, he felt his body stirring towards arousal. Of course, kissing all these ladies aroused him. That was natural. It definitely did not have anything to do with watching Cas kiss his ladies so leisurely, seeming to taste them longingly, like Dean liked to do. It wasn’t how Cas took possession of their mouths and slowly curled them into his massive frame, swallowing their smaller frames in the process. No, a certain part of his body didn’t just get stiffer at that thought because he was not gay.
“’67 Caddy. Just had to finish putting her back together,” Cas shrugged lightly. “So you got the week free?”
“Good question,” Dean retorted irritably. “Thought you knew me better than that, bitch.” Then Dean grinned widely at him and headed to the garage and his baby.
“No kidding,” Cas scoffed with amusement. “Maybe it will teach him to be more responsible and stop being such a dick.” Cas paused then amended, “Don’t get me wrong. Alfie’s a great kid. It’s just lately he’s, I don’t know, acting out, I guess. Not sure why?”
Kyle nodded in agreement before he added, “Dad’s right. Most of what happened that night didn’t make a lick of sense to me so I didn’t have time to get scared. Just the adrenaline.”
“I know . . . Look, I know I screwed up, somehow, like usual, but . . . I really don’t know how,” Dean paused, obviously trying to get his thoughts together. “I just need to find out what the hell is going on. I mean, first Sammy, now you. What the hell am I doing wrong? Why . . . why won’t you, any of you, talk to me?”
Dean paused as he moved into a better position over Cas’s groin. He gently gripped Cas’s thick, engorged shaft, surprised that he was barely able to surround it with his hand. He gave a soft appreciative whistle. “Damn, Casy. I thought I was big. Man, I bet the women love you.”
Cas came back in and handed him an ice bag then an ice pack. Dean took another large swallow of the whiskey before he eased back down. Cas helped him arranged the ice packs then resumed his seat facing Dean.
Dean’s face scrunched up in thought. “Got a few hours night before last, I think. Not that unusual, though. Don’t sleep that well,” he admitted honestly. The fatigue from the past few days, the alcohol he kept pouring into his system, and the drugs he’d taken weakened his walls. Plus, Cas had always been so easy to talk to. Maybe, way too easy.
Cas wasn’t sure that he really believed Dean but let it go before he turned to Alfie, “Look, Alf, I’m not sure what to tell you. You want to fill me in on what happened before I got there?”
Alfie climbed back into the truck and closed the door when Cas suddenly asked, “Dean, did you want to move up front?”
“Yeah, right, like that’s going to happen,” Dean snapped sarcastically while he smiled and shook his head at Cas’s antics.
“No. Don’t want to . . . can’t talk . . ,” Dean evaded haltingly then gasped in surprise as Cas’s warm mouth surrounded his entire cock. Cas had sucked in every bit of his cock in an instant.
“Sounds like a plan,” Dean agreed then turned back toward the bedroom and taunted over his shoulder, “Later, bitch.”
Dean rolled his eyes and steeled himself, knowing what was coming. He had to be strong for this coming competition and keep his secret protected. He slapped on his most charming grin and forced himself to ignore the new voices in his head. He listened to Cas’s explanation.
He also really liked a challenge so he decided to get all of Cas’s cock in his mouth. He wondered briefly if any girl had done that before. If so, he wanted to meet her.
Dean sighed softly, trying to calm his blood pressure. “Sorry. Sorry that you had nightmares. Any of you. But torching her house wouldn’t necessary solve that, you know.”
Over four months ago Sam had left for college and two months ago his dad had left for a hunt. His dad did come back occasionally but now they mostly hunted separate. He heard from his dad maybe once a week but it wasn’t enough because it was mainly text messages. He really longed to hear his father’s voice.
Cas sighed heavily before he generously allowed, “I’m going to write this off to your concussion. Might do well to appreciate that fact and watch what you say from here on out.”
With quick calculation, he realized that tendons would probably have to be sliced for him to really snap out of this. He knew that wasn’t an option for him. Apparently, a high pain threshold and cutting just didn’t mix.
Dean smirked and slapped Cas on the shoulder again with unspoken appreciation for going along with him. Dean then commanded briskly, “You guys check the outside. I’ll double check the inside, just in case they circled back. Everyone have a flashlight?” They both nodded. “Good. Stay together and remember they are probably further from the house than you think so that no one would spot them. Cas, you have my phone number if you need it.”
Dean shrugged, “’Cuz I like it. Always wanted to but you objected to it. Right now, though, it really fits.” Dean pulled up again and this time added a twist at the end, causing Casy to throw back his head and moan louder.
Alfie swallowed hard then confided softly, “He really saved my life in there. Kelly’s, too. I . . . I couldn’t have . . . she wanted to kill us, slowly. It was . . .” he trailed off with a shudder then added reluctantly, “I knew we were dead. I still don’t know how he . .  .” He trailed off again but this time he turned to stare at the surrounding darkness while he fought back the tears that threatened.
Cas turned to the girls and lined out his plan. “Excuse me, ladies, but do you want to help us with something?”
Cas looked into Dean’s eyes through the rearview mirror and admitted slowly, “I never thought of that but, now that you mention it that was about the time he started acting out. I thought it was because he didn’t like me coming in and taking charge.”
Cas had a smile on his face. He stood about six foot and was around two hundred pounds of solid muscle. He had dark brunette bed hair that was perpetually windblown with deep blue eyes and a killer tan. He looked even better in daylight.
“Dean, let’s find out for ourselves who the best kisser is,” Cas whispered huskily a second before he gave in to the drunken urge to see what those awesome lips tasted like. Finding out what it was like to kiss Dean had been driving him crazy since that first night at Mel’s. He didn’t even think of waiting for a response, instinctively knowing that Dean was more than willing to do this with him.
Cas added, “We’re added another rope to make sure it’ll get all the way down to you. Give us another minute. You hurt anything falling?”
Before he could even finish his turn, he was airborne, one of his least favorite things. He still had Kelly in his clutches but he’d lost his sawed off. He tried to turn, attempting to see where he was going. He definitely didn’t need another knock in the head.
“Dude, she threw you headfirst into a wall. I heard the impact. She also threw you down the stairs and across the front yard. Twice. It’s obvious that you’re in pain,” Alfie argued, now truly worried as he remembered the events of the evening. “Then she also choked you when she . . . aw, shit, what the hell actually happened out there, Cas?”
Cas looked over at Dean and saw something in Dean’s eyes so he took a chance. He hypothesized slowly, “No. It’s more than that, a lot more. Is this still about that chick from that college town? How long did you two go out anyway?”
They quickly drove to Cas’s house and Cas motioned for Dean to pull his car into the garage since Cas needed to leave for work early tomorrow morning anyway. Dean pulled in, making sure he didn’t scratch his baby, then got out with his duffel in hand. Cas opened the door to the house then turned on the kitchen light. Dean dropped his duffel inside then stopped Cas before he could say anything.
Cas sighed as he opened the door and told Dean, “I’ll show you the way to the house then I have to run an errand.”
“Why did you decide you wanted this today?” Cas prodded, pausing to flick his tongue over Dean’s cockhead. He loved the taste of Dean that leaked out of him.
When they came, they felt even better than when they had checked out his head wound. His hands were rough and callused, like a typical working man’s hands, but he ghosted them over Dean’s injury with gently confidence and skill. The familiar soothing heat flowed from Cas into to Dean’s heart and soul. Dean had to stifle a pleasure filled moan that built up in him as well as trample down the need to arch into Cas’s touch. The slight pain Cas’s prodding caused helped Dean to control himself, but it was a hell of a lot closer than it ever should have been.
Dean smirked slightly, having caught the relief in the boy’s eyes. No one wants to be alone after something like this, Dean knew from experience. He slowly lowered himself into the ’68 red mustang. He took the keys from the boy next to him and started the car, having heard Cas start up his truck already. Dean’s cell phone rang so he got that out of his pocket and answered it as he put the car in gear.
Dean smirked at the teasing then thought out loud with a shrug, “Don’t know. Never really been with a guy that way ‘cuz, you know, not gay, or even bi, I guess. But honestly it’d probably depend more on who the guy was, you know. I mean, who wants to be with Pee Wee Herman but young Sean Connery/James Dean type, you know, might happen.”
Dean’s mind took him back to that place and he felt his blood flow the wrong way for the present company. He stalled by licking his lips again but noticed this time that Cas’s eyes followed his tongue’s movement. He shifted slightly before he countered softly, “Would you?”
“Don’t know tell I see them. If you’re sure they’re dead, bring one up with you so we know, just in case,” Lyle advised.
Cas sighed while Alfie cautioned quietly, “I still think he needs a doctor. You didn’t hear that head hit and his ribs definitely took a hit.” Alfie glanced back at Dean quickly before he returned his gaze to his brother.
Dean pulled away from the girl that he’d been kissing to look at Cas. He’d been trying to get back his enthusiasm and passion that he used to have for this. He really tried to get back to where he was before the
Dean pulled up slightly on Cas’s cock, unable to stop himself from playing with the new toy in his hand. It caused a weird feeling inside him because having a cock in his hand was familiar but he wasn’t hold him cock. This was Cas’s, which caused a whirlwind of conflicting feelings to collide within him.
Cas smiled while shaking his head then rolled his eyes slightly. “Dean, friends don’t normally do this, you know. At least, not guy friends. Women maybe.” Cas smirked as he felt Dean’s cock swell more at the thought of that. Still smiling, he gave Dean a long slow stroke like Dean had done to him. “How long?”
Dean felt the boards give way under the lower half of his body and grabbed onto Cas’s legs but the sudden loss of support had him sliding down them. He felt Cas’s body start to slide with him and let go, trying to find whatever hand holds he could on the way down. He had slowed his initial descent so he had a little more control.
Dean let out a relieved breath before he nodded slightly and Cas knew that he’d made the right call, even though deep down, he wondered how he was going to keep his word. Just the thought of Dean stripping to get into the shower had his body swelling with interest. But Cas damn well wasn’t going to lose his friend over this.
“I didn’t bring crap here, except this,” he countered tauntingly and he brought his shotgun to bear on her form.
Dean still had a soft smile on his face when he repeated slowly, “What’s the plan for tomorrow? Is there a game? Cow Tipping? Anything?”
Alfie sighed then glanced back before lowering his voice to a whisper. “Regardless of why he’s here, I’m glad that he is. I mean it. He really did save my life. I owe him, man. Big time.”
She glared and charged him again, bowling over Alfie and Kyle. He knew he didn’t have a lot of time but he’d been digging in his duffel as soon as he gained his breath. He managed to grab the salt when she slammed into him. He used the momentum to spin them so that he was on top of her. He gripped her jaw and forced her mouth open then poured the salt into her mouth.
Before Cas could answer, Dean slapped him on the back and winked conspiratorially, “’Course he is. He still has a Monte Carlo to take care of, right? In fact, just give me the keys and I can wash up then meet you at the garage.”
“I’ve asked Cas but he wasn’t in the house, according to him. Only you were and he heard gunshots inside there. I know Alfie didn’t have a gun so what exactly were you shooting at? A ghost?” Lyle listed off categorically. “Plus, that boy never had a nightmare in his life but screamed a bloody fit that night so I want to know what exactly happened to him.”
Dean closed his eyes but not before Cas saw the sadness. Dean swallowed thickly and whispered to himself painfully, or so, he thought. “
Cas sighed as he observed Dean’s panicked worry. “Well, yeah.” He drawled out slowly and saw Dean’s shoulders slump slightly then he continued softly, “cuz now that I know what you can do, with your lips, your mouth and your body. I know what all of you feels like against me. I’m getting a hard on just looking at you and remembering.”
Dean slowly worked Cas’s zipper down while he kissed him then kissed his way down Cas’s thick muscular neck. He sucked in Cas’s sweaty flesh here and there, causing the large man to arch up into him. He continued to explore the taste and feel of Cas’s chest, stopping briefly to tease Cas’s nipples. He sucked slightly on Cas’s abs while his hands slipped into Cas’s boxer’s waistband. He had Cas’s cock exposed to the open air by the time he reached the area and he’d reduced Cas to a large mass of lust and need.
After watching them twitch through their death throes for a few more moments, he leaned over and picked each one up after he verified they were dead because of the shot through their little pointy heads. He piled them up in a corner to the far side of him. Slowly, his adrenaline wore out and the ringing in his ears stopped. The voice from above startled him.
Dean sighed softly in frustration then pinched Cas’s arm, causing another rumble behind him. He knew he should correct Cas but he couldn’t find the energy to leave the sated, contented feeling he’d fallen into. For the first time in years, he actually felt safe, and loved.
He hadn’t paid attention when they were sparring because he was in fighter mode. Now he wondered how he had actually lasted so long against all those muscles. Even so, he could tell that it wouldn’t take much to yank that towel away.
“Trying to, bitch. Can’t get a good foot hold,” Dean panted then looked down to see if there was maybe a better place to rest further down. Not that he really wanted to head that way but he felt his grip weakening. He gripped tighter as he searched, ignoring the commotion above.
, he mentally added, knowing how often he wound up on the wrong side of the law. He felt Cas tense beside him and regretted dragging Cas into this. He wished there was some way he could make Cas stay out of this but knew better from previous experiences.
“Right, and you’re an evasive nutcase,” Cas drawled out to which Dean only shrugged slightly. “So what was
“Shuddup, Dean,” Cas ordered before continuing. “If he starts nodding off or sounding disoriented, like slurring words, you yell out and get ready to grab the wheel.”
He opened the door and gave the delivery teenager money. He closed the door then set the pizza on the table before he went to get Cas. He was very hungry and didn’t want to wait to eat. He knocked on Cas’s bedroom door, not hearing the shower anymore.
So they both got up and took care of that before Cas grabbed Dean’s hand and pulled him into bed. Dean sighed heavily but allowed it and climbed into bed. He got under the covers while Cas turned off the lights. Then he felt Cas pull him in close to Cas’s warm body with his back up against Cas’s solid chest.
He held Cas down with one hand on his hips then he slowly licked and nipped down one side of the huge cock then up the other. He paused to taste Cas’s balls and suck them gently, rolling them around slightly in his mouth. Cas bucked impatiently so Dean moved back up to the main course.
“Alfie hasn’t come home and it’s way past curfew so just typical teenage stuff, you know. All the older kids have moved away so the youngest has to act out,” Cas explained the on-going problem. “Parents are already tired from raising the rest of us so they’ve been really lax with the discipline. Now, Dad’s blood pressure is way up and Mom’s trying to calm him down before he has another episode.”
Cas gave a pained smile, fighting the intense desire to bury himself into Dean, before answering cockily, “Better believe it. Uh, Dean?”
Cas tossed the rag across the room before turning to look at Dean’s relaxed, happy face. He could tell that Dean was almost asleep. He leaned forward and gave Dean a gentle, leisurely kiss before suggesting, “Let’s get some sleep. You look wasted.”
He had a hard time distinguishing footprints because of all the tracks in the house, probably from the others looking for the lost couple, but when he entered the kitchen, he felt a cold sensation passing the pantry. He knew where he was headed now. He quietly searched the pantry for the cellar door while keeping his sawed off tucked under his arm and his flashlight in his other hand.
Maybe he could check on Sam again but that normally upset him even more when he had to leave. Plus, Sam had made it crystal clear that he didn’t want to have anything to do with him. Dean didn’t know if that was because of something that he’d done or if it was just that Dean represented Sam’s old life instead of the ‘normal’ that Sam clung to. Hell, Sam had never even called Dean to let him know that Sam had arrived at Stanford in good health. Dean had had to go and check for himself.
Cas shuddered with pleasure then observed hoarsely, “Shouldn’t . . .shouldn’t . . . Oh, God . . . shouldn’t this feel stranger, De-?”
Lyle quickly assessed the young man in front of him and verified, “You the one who helped Cas get Alfie out of that house?”
Cas waited until after Dean entered the house. He turned the light on while he closed and locked the front door. He grimaced when he saw Dean in normal light. Dean had lost a lot of his color and his eyes were sunken. Dean had cobwebs, dust, dirt and leaves all over him.
“I got her. Cover us,” Alfie insisted, back in the present and drawing more strength with each word.
Cas stared up into Dean’s eyes, amazed at how stripped Dean’s emotions appeared to be. He saw Dean’s desire, lust and passion. He saw Dean’s anger at being put on the spot this way but, mostly, he saw a lost child in a man’s face. He saw the desperate fear and loneliness that would never be said outright.
In the background, he heard Alfie and Kyle calling Kelly’s name. He felt Cas slowly pulled him up into a semi-upright position then supported him as he leaned against Cas, cradling his side. His head leaned against Cas’s shoulder, willing the nausea to pass. He borrowed what strength he could from the man holding him up while Cas loosely held him upright with an arm around his waist.
Cas suddenly felt himself slammed against the nearest wall while Dean latched onto his lips, sucking and biting. When Dean could force himself to break away for a second, he hissed hotly, “Damn, Casy, that should be against the law. Damn, you so freakin’ hot, sexy.” Dean thrust his hips against Cas’s whose were plastered against the wall. Their cocks rubbed against each other, forcing a groan out of both of them.
“So not fair,” Dean complained breathlessly, unable to do that much while Cas licked up and down his cock again.
McDonald smirked, “Bringing in a ringer for the game on Saturday, hey? Good. Good. Looking forward to you beating those Hardin boys into the ground. Go on and get those kids to bed and yourselves, too.”
Dean nodded then answered uncertainly, “Don’t know. Guess because you . . . took care of me, helped me  . . . and . . . you let me crash here and stuff. You’re my friend and . . . really like you . . . a lot. You’re not ugly . . definitely not Pee Wee. Would have done it . . . you know, the threesome ‘cuz you are kinda hot, I guess, you know, for girls.”
Dean arched a questioning eyebrow. “I did okay then?” he questioned hesitantly, always needing praise, any kind of praise. “Better than the pierced chick.”
Dean’s last question had more uncertainty to it and, after last night, Cas could read better the fear and anxiety in Dean’s brilliant green eyes. Cas answered softly, “Yeah, stuff does happen, but how can nothing change after that, Dean?”
He licked his lips nervously then continued with the same hesitancy, “And maybe she was the one, you know, or I thought that, but it was really only two weeks. Yeah, that’s the probably longest relationship I’ve ever . . . but . . . ,” Dean stumbled then let out a heavy sigh. “Just not been batting very well in that department, I guess.”
Cas motioned him in before focusing on the person on the porch. Dean paused slightly behind Cas then turned to face the newcomer. Cas’s huge body only partially hid him from sight where he stopped. Cas held up a hand and waved before he greeted, “Mr. McDonald. Evenin’.”
He really did miss doing this with Sam when they were younger. Really up until a year ago, they had done this. Had a movie night and had the best time. Not so much the beer. More the relaxing and talking. Just being with each other.
Dean would never actually admit it but that he didn’t really mind swallowing Cas and had really enjoyed it. It really worried him how much he hadn’t minded sucking or swallowing Cas. What really scared him was that he not only didn’t mind, hell, he enjoyed all this more than most of the times he’d had with women recently. Yeah, that really scared him. That, and the fact that he already wanted to do it again. Luckily, the alcohol allowed him to push the worrying fear away and ignore it at the moment.
Cas shook his head slightly then followed Alfie to the front door. He talked with his folks briefly before hurrying back to his truck. Dean had managed to get himself into the front seat and close the door by the time Cas made his way back. Cas climbed into his truck then took in Dean’s slumped form, resting against the passenger side door. Cas finally demanded harshly, “Do you need a doctor?”
“Do we?” Dean wondered cynically, voicing aloud a thought he would have never dreamed he’d ever have. Ever.
Cas laid his head back against the wall, allowing Dean to attack his neck, while Cas tried to catch his breath. The immense desire coursing through his veins surprised him, considering he’d already had an orgasm not too long ago. Then he felt Dean’s hand reach between them and grab both of their cocks in one hand then slowly pump them.
The vague thought that things were way out of hand tried to penetrate his brain, but the numbness barricaded too much for access. Memory of the ghost’s hands touching his brain filled his mind then he remembered being overcome with an extreme depression and some very ‘bad-touching’ feeling. But the ghost was dead now, like really dead, so why did he still feel like this?
He missed his family so much. He missed their deep, warm caring voices. He missed the pranks. He missed the harsh orders that had replaced affectionate concern but he still sensed deep down, or had deluded himself into believing it. Hell, he even missed Sammy’s constant petting and hugs. That boy could never keep his hands to himself but now Dean would give anything to feel them again. He knew he was going through withdrawal. Too bad he didn’t know what to do about it.
Dean smirked and gave them a gentle squeeze with each arm. “Not tonight. Maybe later. I’ll follow. Lead on, Flasher.” He really wasn’t in the mood tonight. Honestly, he couldn’t remember the last time he got his normal rush from this type of contact.
“Wha-? What?” Dean stammered breathlessly, totally caught up in the web of pleasure Cas wove over him.
Cas lowered himself to his knees beside the couch while Dean closed his eyes. Cas saw that Dean wasn’t looking. He asked, “Head still hurting?”
“Don’t suppose you happen to know how this place burned to the ground?” The sheriff wondered casually. Dean only stared at him with his game face on but the sheriff continued like he knew Dean wouldn’t talk. “See, I’d be real interested to find out how. Halfway even thought of offering a reward for their name.”
“Wiseass,” Cas hissed without heat as they both climbed into his truck after he locked up the house and garage.
Dean nodded and grabbed up his other stuff before heading to the stairs. He motioned Alfie up first but then the ghost appeared on the steps, causing him to back up. Before he could do more than a step back, Dean blasted her away again.
Alfie rolled his eyes, just like Cas did, which made Dean want to smile while the others nodded in answer. Alfie snapped, “School’s over. Been over for half an hour. We just heard. Did you do it?”
Cas’s hand forced Dean’s face back to him as a lone tear trailed down Dean’s right cheek. Cas’s thumb caught it and lightly brushed it against Dean’s full bottom lip. He couldn’t stop himself, even if he wanted to.
“What are you talking about?” Cas demanded in a slightly slurred voice, liking that soft caress way more than he ever should have.
Dean returned the frown thoughtfully. “Not really. Tend to wake myself up a lot. No one’s ever said that I talk or anything unless I’m sick or delirious, you know?” His eyes dropped heavily and slowly closed.
.” Then he opened his eyes and told Cas honestly, “Really not gay. Never, you know, experimented or anything with a guy before. Never wanted to really. But you, wanted you, wanted to see, taste . . . Guess I finally got drunk enough. Just didn’t want . . . no women. Not tonight.”
“I know,” Cas cut off. “We all have our jobs. Just let me know not to expect you if that happens. Deal.”
Dean moved forward with his hand extended and greeted politely, “Nice to meet you, sir.” They shook hands briefly.
“Hell, yeah, I am. Didn’t I just prove it to you when I almost kicked your ass while wounded? If it hadn’t been for the ribs . . . I just happen to be used to being cuffed. Goes with the job sometimes so it’s really not one of my hang-ups. Course, I don’t get off on it, either, ‘cuz it was old for me before I was twelve,” Dean explained blandly.
Cas snickered around Dean’s shaft, making Dean feel the vibrations course deep inside and throughout his body. It caused Dean to thrust his hips up forceful while he pushed Cas’s mouth down on it. He worked Cas’s mouth over his cock impatiently while Dean thrusted up into Cas’s pleasure giving mouth. He felt Cas moan lustily over Dean’s aggressive behavior and fell back with a ragged moan of his own. Dean felt his balls tighten and his stomach clench then he knew.
“Like you ever follow through with your threats,” Dean goaded lightly. He knew that he was entering very dangerous territory but seemed to be unable to stop it. He didn’t really want Cas to follow through. Not really. Did he?
He turned and headed toward the overgrown, boarded up well just in time to see Cas approach it. A memory of the rotted boards flashed in his mind and he shouted out a warning to Cas but he was too late. Cas had just stepped on the boards then paused at Dean’s shout and the ominous crack that sounded from underneath him.
“What the hell do you know about my dreams, bitch?” Dean dismissed then glanced at the other two present. “Instead of ragging on me more, how about reading the pranksters there the rite act?”
Dean called up, “Need about another foot, Casy.”  While the men above rearranged, Dean grabbed one of the snakes and put it in a rag then in his left jacket pocket. He glanced back up and saw that the noose was a little lower but he’d still have to work to get into it. He quickly piled up some old bricks and put his flashlight away. He climbed up the bricks with a hand on the wall steadying him. He reached through the noose and grabbed up as high as he could with one hand then used the other to get his upper body inside the noose.
“Well, there’s always the other alternative but it’s not nearly as much fun. Usually,” Dean commented wryly.
“Yeah,” Kyle answered quickly, glancing back at Cas. “The adrenaline rush definitely sobered me up.”
liked him. They had the same style of sarcastic humor and love for cars. When he really thought about it, he realized this was actually the longest relationship he’d ever had with anyone, outside of family and hunting. So, for right now, Cas was what he wanted, no, what he needed.
Cas felt comfortable with his diagnosis for Dean’s head wound. He tried not to stare at the relaxed perfect face in front of him but felt a slight rush of pleasure at the view before him. He quickly trampled it down, wondering what the hell was wrong with him.
Once Dean locked up the house and climbed into the truck, Cas informed him, “You look better. Moving better, too.”
The original spoke’s lady stepped forward and answered, “Honestly, it was really fifty-fifty. Personally, if you had to make me choose, I’d take you both home boys. Don’t suppose that’s an option, huh?”
Casy shrugged, “Most guys definitely say yes if it’s two girls but have a problem with a girl and a guy, you know, and since you brought it up, I was wondering if you would with the other person being guy. You know, deep thoughts,” he teased with a smile.
Cas scoffed then ordered as he turned and moved toward the bedroom, “Rest while I get cleaned up. You can turn on the stereo or watch TV if you want.”
Kyle shook his head. “I . . . I don’t know. It got real quiet. Too quiet. I couldn’t take it anymore. We called to them, but they never answered.”
Dean advised, “You both should drink at least another bottle of water and take three aspirin before you go to bed tonight or you’ll have some really wicked hangovers come morning. Just letting you know.”
McDonald argued, “Suit yourself but I’d say you’ve already done more than your share, just saving those kids. Probably should rest your ribs. How’d you get those bruises on your neck anyhow? She strangle you or something.”
“So you need to go find him,” Dean concluded, immediately switching to work mode. “Okay, we’ll drop off my car then go look. Or, would it be better to split up and canvas the town?”
But there was no denying it. Seeing Dean so submissively compliant laid out in front of him had several disturbing, if pleasurable, ideas bursting forth in his mind. Cas felt his blood move to the totally wrong part of his body, considering he was gay or bi either.
He had started drifting off to sleep when he felt the softest feather touch ghost over his abs. He felt the muscles there jerk slightly in reaction so he tried to calm his body down. He couldn’t stop the blood rushing back though his body to his groin filling again at the needed touch.
Dean quickly interrupted him, “Casy, don’t, okay? We were both blitz, wasted. Stuff happens. Right? Doesn’t have to mean anything. Nothing’s changed. Right?”
“What? You still have two hundred of mine. That two hundred I won back was part of my four hundred that you took me for so far,” Cas argued.
They both dug in then played darts for about an hour before they headed back to Cas’s place for their match. They both stripped to their jeans only then Cas led Dean out into the backyard. Neither one knew how much the other enjoyed the views they had.
“Who the hell is Amber?” Dean wondered irritably. He felt like he was being ambush which always brought out his aggressive attitudes.
Cas opened it, wearing only a towel that he apparently hadn’t used yet since he was still dripping water. Dean swallowed hard as he actually took in the body in front of him. His attention fixated on following the path of those drops as they slowly fell from Cas’s black hair to his shoulders. From there, they slowly rolled down Cas’s massively toned chest and on to his abs then trailed past an opening in the towel held loosely at Cas’s waist.
Unable to believe he could actually smile after everything; Dean released a deep breath that he hadn’t been aware he was holding then let out a slightly wet laugh. “Yeah, nothing like. Course, if I’d even been smart enough to make it, I’d have flunked out by now because of that. Still wouldn’t mind going to one to see if it’s like
Cas rolled his eyes while he quipped back, “Yeah. Right, pretty boy. I’ll suffer through it. For you, weirdo.”
“Put the phone between you and Kyle, pussy. Kyle, listen up. Your job on the way back is to keep him awake. If he starts nodding off. . .”
Cas rolled his eyes but returned Dean’s smile. “Whatever you say, babe, but right now, we need sleep.” Dean chuckled softly then shook his head and moved to get up. Cas stopped him and demanded, “Where are you going?”
Dean moved back against the wall but there was no need. The rope stopped about six inches above him. They had fastened a noose that would fit around his waist to keep him from losing his grip and falling back down.
The two tributes from district three appeared to be a team all ready. The Malaysian male and perky redhead seemed to share a look before being led off the stage. Charlie and Kevin would probably be the team to beat, seeing as they were from a district that bred geniuses.
Castiel felt warm all over. The more time he spent with Dean the more he realized just how good of a friend he was. Dean liked to take care of people, make sure they were happy. His disappointment about not going to his friend’s party was covered well but Castiel knew him fairly well, he could tell. He didn’t want Dean to regret not going to the party so he sighed.
“What can I say, I’m thorough. I have heard zero people doubting us.” Castiel rolled his eyes and got out of the car, instinctively grabbing Dean’s offered hand.
Dean rolled his hips down against Castiel’s and short circuited his brain. He struggled now to come from the sensation. Castiel heard a low whimper that he was surprised to realize came from himself. Dean smiled against his lips.
“Whatever, I will in the morning.” They sat in silence for a while before Dean remembered what was nagging at him the day before. “Hey Cas?”
“Do you want him Cas? He seems to like you the most. Cas smiled down at the dog and nodded. Jody smiled knowingly, “how much?”
“Good,” Dean smiled. He took Castiel’s hand, and he closed my locker door. “Calculus first period right?” Dean began walking him to class.
“I don’t need a babysitter,” Castiel assured him. Dean rolled his eyes and gave Castiel a quick kiss on the forehead before dashing off.
“Boom bitches, now down to the Queen of Moondoor and her handmaiden,” she shouted as Dean put points under each of their names.
Castiel stuffed a goldfish into his mouth and chewed. It was hard to swallow. He watched Bella whisper something in Dean’s ear, and Jo fell asleep right away with her head on his shoulder.
Instead of facing his problems head-on, Castiel decided to regroup in the men's room in the basement. Most people didn’t know about it, and Castiel only knew about it because Jo’s art class was in the basement.
Then he remembered that Anna had a spare key. Jody gave it to her when she moved in, in case one of the other idiots got locked out like Castiel was.
Cas shifted and turned to stare at Dean with a curious expression on his face. "You truly wish to know?"
Castiel was shaking, thinking over what Dean had confessed. Was it true? Could he be right? Did Castiel only like the boys he could never have? He’d always known Dean was out of his reach. He had always known Dean didn’t belong to him.
Dean practically growled as he dragged Castiel down and flipped them over so that Dean was on top.  Then he began to kiss him within every inch of his life.
“Sam, you know me. I have dealt with much worse than a bunch of teenagers trying to stab me.” He sat down next to Sam and nudged his shoulder, “just think of all the pie the capitol has. Maybe when I win I can bring you some.”
Dean froze and looked at him with a blank expression, but anybody that knew Dean could see the anger underneath it. Victor and Benny exchanged uncomfortable looks.
“That hurt you asshole,” Lilith hissed as Gordon grunted in pain. Dean felt Charlie stiffen, making the leaves rustle. Castiel’s head snapped up and he made eye contact with Dean. His eyes widened in surprise and he opened his mouth.
He drives off into the night and Castiel is still standing there with his fingers to his lips. Dean Winchester just kissed him, in front of Anna. He had kissed him with no prelude to sex, just for Anna to see. Castiel didn’t know what to think, so he just stared where Dean’s impala had disappeared, mystified.
Alfie took his turn and grinned widely, “Gin!” Castiel and Jody groaned in defeat as Castiel began to reshuffle.
Castiel's cock laid in the crevice of his hip, leaking and ready. Dean squeezed Castiel’s ass, and it changed the shape of him around Dean's cock, and they both gasped. Dean then hit a spot in Castiel that made him see stars. Castiel lost his breath and felt himself nearly come.
Dean huffed angrily, not in Castiel’s direction thankfully. “So for the t-shirt thing, you gotta remember we were dating for years. She probably had it from when I forgot it at her place and just packed it in her bag.”
“Ask me again why I came here, even though I was completely convinced that you cheated on me with Bella.”
“I hope you washed it out really well! You could get sick!” Charlier scolded her. Meanwhile, Castiel was envisioning Jo trying to take shots of bubbly tequila and then burping out bubbles.
“Well with his age we usually charge 100 but since he is missing 25% I will give you 25% off.” She smiled and laughed at her joke. Jody just stared her down with her ‘I am not amused and what you said was rude and you should apologize to that dog right now’ face. Ruby swallowed uncomfortably, “sorry Luke.”
Castiel shook him off, ignoring the butterflies in his stomach at Dean’s words. “We’re breaking up soon, aren’t we? We might as well make it look more realistic.” Castiel looked away, ignoring the stricken look on Dean’s face.
The look of horror on Dean’s face was comical. “I do not care how broke you are. The Ghirardelli brownie mix is only fifty cents more a box, and they taste terrific.”
“Yes he pays me to.” Sam flashed a bitchface at him. “Anyways, the games we have prepared for you lot today are fireboy and watergirl, X-type, and Ratmaze. I have never even heard of X-type and Ratmaze so I really hope that these are not kiddie games.”
"You are a hero Dean. But that will be your undoing." Cas's hand still clasped Dean's. He yanked his hands out of the others boy's grasp and turned his head.
"Dean!" Jo shouted from her tree. Their was two dead hounds surrounding the base, both with arrows sticking out of their eyes.
“Just do it!” Dean turned around the riverbend to see Jo wrestling with Lucifer and Kevin fighting off Lilith with a knife. Dean saw Michael running towards the scene. Castiel wasn’t anywhere to be found
"Cas," Dean place his hand on his shoulder. Castiel stared at him with a livid face, there was no Castiel in the person in front of him. "Cas?"
“Damn, Cas, you're a player.” Dean grinned, looking almost impressed. “Who else did you write letters to?”
Castiel got bolder as he pulled up the top big shirt enough to show his boxers. He slowly began to slide them off, careful not to touch himself and come too early. Castiel threw the boxers to the side. Now he was only wearing the shirt.
Aunt Jody roared with laughter, Alfie and Gabe joined in. Castiel just smiled and took a bite of his pizza, mulling over what aunt Jody said.
Cas looked up, "we got a sponsor who sent down three rolls, fresh string and a needle. Not that we need stitches anymore."
“Well for one your technique. You were about two inches from her heart and now the poor kid has to bleed to death. You couldn’t even make it quick? Heartless.”
He was trying to convince Dean to let his guard down and to love him. The careers weren't backing off they had an inside man.
The first bell rang as Jo ran into the room and sat down in the seat on the other side of Castiel, “Castiel Novak I am feeling very betrayed.”
“You drive me crazy,” Dean repeated himself. “I think about you all the time. I wake up, ‘I wonder if Castiel is up.’ I make a sandwich, ‘Castiel likes peanut and jelly sandwiches.’ Every time my phone goes off I get excited because there is just the slightest chance it is you.”
Jo took advantage of their temporary incapacitated state to run up to Kevin, wrap his arm around her shoulder and drag him into the tree line. Dean turned to see Charlie running towards him and gesturing for him to follow the others. They just ran into the cover before he heard Lucifer start to curse.
He was looking at him expectantly, waiting for Castiel to say anything. Castiel wanted to say yes, but he didn’t want to be with a boy whose heart belonged to somebody else. Just once, he wanted to be somebody’s first choice. “You might think you like me, but
Frustrated, Dean ran his hands through his hair. “God, what makes you such an expert on love? You’ve liked five people in your life. One was a lesbian, one lives in Indiana or Montana or someplace, Meg moved away before anything could actually happen, one was dating your brother. And then there’s me. Hmm, what do we all have in common? What’s the common denominator?”
“Come on, don’t be mad,” Castiel pleaded gently, “I didn’t realize it was that big of a deal. I swear I’ll sit next to you on the way home, okay?” He looked up at Dean through his lashes and reached out to grab his hand. He hoped that showing himself being romantic in front of people would help Dean forgive him.
Castiel put his phone away and took a sip of his water, too lost in his thoughts to notice Lee walking up behind him.
“Oh, you know my brother?” Sam asked, interrupting his memory. “I am truly sorry for that. He’s a huge ass.”
“Hey!” The gym teacher yelled at them, startling Castiel and Dean out of their stupor, “Stop that! Two more laps for you, Novak!”
She snorted and smacked him and Kevin called out that he was good. Dean turned around to see Kevin covering his crotch area with his pants. “This is probably gonna sound really dumb assed but light a fire please. I need to be actually able to see what is going on.” The little bit of light that was filtering through the hole of the cave showed a thick red line surrounded by blood. There was mud in it that Dean knew would be a bitch to clean up.
“Don't you find it kinda depressing that it's Saturday night, and you're playing cards with your aunt and little cousin?
“Mr. Novak, I am trying to teach a very important life lesson here,” Ms. Harvelle’s words were harsh although she had a faint smile on her face.
“Fantastic,” Dean pulled into his driveway. “Now come on Angel, let’s go bake some pie.” Castiel helped him carry in all the ingredients to the house.
Instead of saying that, Castiel just pulled the letter and placed it down on the counter between the two of them. He slid it over to Dean who looked down at it in surprise. He reached down and lifted it up carefully to examine it.
“I think Lee is trying to flirt with me and I don’t know how to handle it in a polite way.” He felt bad for talking over her but Lee had followed after him and a quick glance up told him that he was close.
Castiel let himself get herded but looked back for a brief second to see Dean watching him go. Unfortunately, Jo noticed.
Dean seemed to need some time to process what Castiel was saying. His face was blank, so Castiel had no idea what he could be thinking. He slowly turned to Castiel and rubbed his neck.
“What happened?” Charlie hissed as Dean adjusted Kevin carefully. The dull ache in his side momentarily flared up. He had forgotten about it until that moment.
Dean let out an impatient breath of air. “Castiel, when you’re dating someone, there are just . . . certain things you do, okay? Like, sitting next to each other on a school trip. That’s pretty much expected.”
He wrapped Dean’s coat over his shoulders while he spoke. “My point is, you caught me off guard, so I don;t know what to say. But . . . well,” Castiel took a deep breath as he looked up into Dean’s eyes. “I’m in love with you.”
Dean swallowed slowly, “look if you are trying to use womanly charms to make me soft for you then it is not gonna work.” He felt awkward just saying that.
Castiel hungrily licked into Dean's mouth and moved their cocks together. Now that there was just the thin cloth of Dean’s  underwear between them, the sensation was unbelievable.
Castiel just stared at the beautiful rendition of Dean, feeling the familiar weight that had been in his chest since he and Dean had broken up. He turned to face Jo.
He found a rock in the driveway and crossed the lawn and stood underneath Anna's window. He threw the rock at the window and missed it. He found another one, and it pinged off the glass, barely making a sound. He tried again, with a bigger rock. This one hit.
Mary Winchester was a firefighter, pretty brave one too. Unfortunately, she had breathed in so much smoke in her line of work that she ended up developing ischemic heart disease. After two years of living with it, Mary Winchester ended up having a heart attack around when Dean turned 8.
“Do you want to be a, vampire,” he shot back. She scoffed and took a sip. It was then that the smell hit him. “Oh son of a bitch,” he muttered. He had forgotten about Gordon’s corpse.
What better way to put out that burn than the drowning heartbreak which would come from listening to Dean recount cheating on him.
He leaped down. "Okay Charlie, she is all yours. This lunatic is mine now." Cas looked up in surprise but smiled shyly, nodding Charlie away.
Castiel stared in him in bewilderment. “Are you really that mad that I didn’t sit next to you on the bus?”
“That’s the one,” Dean laughed. “I saw it in a bookstore when shopping for Sam and I’ve always kind of had a thing for hot doctors.” Dean coughed uncomfortably. “Anyways, I read it and it was such a good book I did some internet digging and found out it was you.”
"I wanted to say that it would be very appreciated to have people stop asking me to take off my shirt."
Castiel looked in the box and sorted the rest into the order of the numbers on it. Most of the notes were simple sweet things like that, talking about how smart, how sweet, how dorky Castiel was. Then he got to the one that was from the day after the party.
“I’ve been able to touch you, to feel you, taste you.” Each phrase was accompanied by another deep kiss. “All this time, I never got to tell you how gorgeous you are because I was scared I would give myself away.” Dean pulled away from his neck and gave him a small smirk, “cat’s out of the bag now.” At that, Dean moved his mouth down to a spot on Castiel’s throat that made his knees go weak.
Soon, the small room smelled like a strangely intoxicating blend of garlic and chocolate. Castiel slowly sipped the wine. It wasn’t even that good. It tasted like super bitter white grape juice and didn’t go down that easy.
Dean and Crowley sat in silence for a bit before, “tributes. Please step upon the plates.” Dean stood up and stepped on the plate, he turned around just in time to see Crowley wave before the metal cylinder came down around him, rendering him blind in the darkness.
“Maybe when I grew half a foot he grew a conscience?” Castiel suggested. He looked warily they canvas, “please don’t tell me you knifed somebody's art project.”
A soft laugh, "I wasn't planning on it. Though I could tell you about Cassiopeia if you were in the mood."
"We woke up like thirty minutes ago. We wanted to make a meal for you and Charlie as thanks for yesterday." Cas grabbed his bow and notched an arrow. He pointed it at the nearest hound and after a twang it was dead. "We grabbed all the gear by the way."
“So why are we in a Walmart at 8:15 on a Tuesday?” Dean asked while he played with a packet of cupcake liners. Castiel just grabbed a couple of boxes of brownie mix and threw them into his shopping cart.
“Yeah, well I wasn’t expecting you to show up on my doorstep out of nowhere like this. You surprised me Cas.”
"Um, I am gonna go help Kevin and Jo." Charlie stood up and began to creep away. The fire was burning small but bright.
“Well it was probably for his own safety, you should have seen how pissed off Bella was when they disappeared. She looked ready to murder you for stealing him.”
He fumbled around blindly under the deck, feeling around in the dark for the spare keys they kept hidden under the flowerpot. Then he remembered that the spare keys were in the junk drawer, in the house, because Gabe forgot to put them back the last time he got locked out. Castiel had no keys, no phone, no way of getting into the house.
Bella and her friends laughed good-naturedly, to Castiel's surprise. “I know I’m hot as hell thank you,” Bella smiled.
“Your baby?” Castiel didn’t remember Dean having a kid. That would kind of put a damper on their fake relationship.
Castiel raised an eyebrow, “I highly doubt that. I write them to target middle-aged women unhappy with their marriage.”
As she was escorted out of the room a small boy ran in and punched Dean in the gut, “ouch Sammy. What the hell?”
“Gabe was nice enough to let another human being choose what they did for fun instead of doing what they want, that’s the real Christmas miracle.” Dean and Castiel continued to laugh until Dean’s buddy Victor came back.
“Twice,” Jody reminded him. Castiel glared at her in betrayal and took his turn. The traitor shrugged as she followed him, taking her own turn.
Castiel raised an eyebrow and looked inside. His breath caught in shock at the familiar contents. He reached inside and pulled out the familiar envelope addressed to Dean Winchester in his handwriting. It was the letter that Alfie had accidentally sent out.
Her cheeks flushed with anger. “I didn’t make the rules, Dean! Should she just get to come for free? How is that fair to everybody else?”
It was only three seconds in that claustrophobic tube and it felt like one second. Yeah, three seconds were feeling fast. That must be so surprising, huh?
“Well she did break up with Winchester a couple of weeks ago, so she's got half of the traits down.” She elbowed him as they passed by Charlie who was pretending to jog while on her phone. “Maybe spending so much time being an evil spawn aged her a couple of years and she is mentally middle-aged.” They jogged in silence for a few seconds before Jo added, “ I bet if you told her you were Misha Collins she might stop bullying you.”
Charlie and Jo started cackling like birds and Dean felt his face flush red. He opened his mouth to answer.
“Hey, Dean!” A voice interrupted. They both looked up in surprise to see Sam and Gabe running over, faces flushed and red from the cold and covered in snow.
“He can, he just lost his license for drunk driving a couple of weeks ago. I do not much enjoy driving myself.” Castiel didn't add how worried he was. Last year Gabe came home a couple of times drunk but that was it. This year Gabe had been caught drunk driving and had been dragged home multiple times by Kali completely wasted. He had been locked up overnight for drunken disorderly a couple of times too.
“You heard me. No weapons for you Dean. I already know that you are good with a knife and a knife skill can extend to a sword. If you don’t believe in your skills in swordplay then practice with Jo privately.” Bobby took a sip of beer and continued, “you are good at hand to hand combat and don’t even try to deny it. You wrestled with Jo on the train ride here while you thought I was asleep.”
Castiel hesitated. The coat had belonged to his dad. Whenever Gabe came home from a party he always looked completely sloshed and his clothes always reeked.
A week after, everything had gone back to normal somewhat. Castiel was hanging out with Anna again at school, as close as ever. It felt good to not have romantic feelings for her and lifted the awkwardness. There was still awkwardness, but that was all Castiel.
He winked, “I bet you are.” Castiel felt his cheeks get warm. Still, Dean handed over the glass. Castiel looked up to check the time: 9:50 pm.
Two cannons went off in a row, one for Eve and one for the little girl. He pushed her off of him and glared at Meg’s stunned expression before running off. As he ran he could have sworn he heard someone call his name.
Her eyes widened, “oh my gosh I can paint him as a news reporter or something. This is genius!” Jo ran over to a drawer and grabbed a sketchbook and began to trace something out in pencil. “Do you think you could Gabe to pose?”
Castiel nodded, gesturing towards his duffle next to the bed. “Lube and condoms are in there.” Dean hurriedly leaned over, not letting Castiel out of his lap and grabbed the stuff. “Somebody is eager,” he tried to tease.
The lights were all off when they entered. Dean flicked them all on and moved the ice cream into the freezer. Then he pulled out two large bowls, some measuring cups and spoons, and a fork. He fiddled around the kitchen until he pulled a couple more spices from the cabinet.
“Since I unfortunately have no girlfriend to do the girlfriend tag with I had to settle for my boyfriend Cas,” sighed Dean dramatically. He looked past the camera and laugh, “you know that I am joking Cas lighten up,”
Dean chuckled and punched his arm lightly. "You never know though. Maybe the is a window at the top of the mines showing sunlight!" He let sarcasm leak into his tone.
“Your brother should be leaving work soon right?” Castiel took a sip and coughed. It tasted like a flavored hand sanitizer, burning as it went down his throat.
Dean laughed cruelly, “I’m a mess Cas. You have your own shit to deal with without mine on top of it. I can’t believe you even stand talking to me.”
Jo scoffed, "please Dean. You are just saying that because you are literally the only one who was beaten." She nodded over to Castiel, "this dumbass took the fall for everything."
“We could make him walk out naked,” suggested the woman to his stylist, “I’m sure many people would appreciate it.”
Dean was confused before he remembered the makeshift bandage on his side. He felt his hand over it absentmindedly, “I must have forgotten.”
Dean looked over her shoulder to see Castiel staring at him. Cas saluted to him faintly and left with Hannah.
This was something that had bothered Dean more than anything else. The thought of Castiel no longer wanting him hurt more than having him die on Cas or vice versa. It hurt more than it would have to go through his whole life not telling Cas how much he loved him. How he loved him more than life itself. Now Cas knew it.
Castiel sat with Anna at lunch one day, which made Dean get really touchy and avoid him all day. That night at dinner he got a text from Dean.
Under the table he read it over and over, wondering if it could mean that Dean was the teensiest bit jealous. Castiel immediately discarded that though, he was probably really just worried about how it looked to Bella?
"You already an old man Winchester?" Charlie laughed. He turned around to see her walk up behind him, throwing his arm around her neck. "Need a little help?"
There was one thing he didn’t account for that became very clear after running for only a minute. It wasn’t any of the others being too slow. Charlie and Jo could run fast and Cas he could tell would be able to keep up. The kid seemed small but he was eighteen and Dean could see his leg muscles prominently because of the tight pants. Also, Dean may or may not have been watching Cas as he reached up, showing his abs.
Later that night Dean was on watch again. They hadn't been able to find a really good spot to sleep for the night so they just decided to past out on the ground with someone on guard.
After three more beers, Castiel was finally starting to feel something. The beer he had drunk was nasty and he wanted that ginger ale drink Dean gave him earlier, but after Castiel’s little tantrum Dean had disappeared. Sighing, Castiel took out his phone.
“Shut up,” Jo laughed, “I want my theme to be “the supernatural is real” and stuff. I did you because Cassiel is the Angel of Sorrow and the death of kings. The youth have the potential to be so much, to rule the world. So when a child dies a king or queen dies.”
He looked up at he and saw her turn to run away from the hounds just as a particularly large one leapt over the wall of fur, claws, and teeth. His shadow loomed over his friend and she seemed to sense just moments before for a smile crossed her face.  She closed her eyes and grabbed at her throat. The teeth flashed she screamed  and a canon went off.
Dean looked around for things they could use against the monsters and then it dawn on him. Fire. If they could somehow get something really flammable they would be able to set the clearing ablaze.
“I went out and got them last night specifically for the bus ride,” Dean smiled at Castiel’s enthusiasm. “For you and me.”
Dean looked down at his keys like he wasn’t sure how they got there. “Oh I wasn’t- I was just,” Dean stammered over his words, “nothing, no. This isn’t a bad time.”
” Dean cursed as Castiel gave the tip of his dick an experimental lick. Castiel watched as his whole body tensed up and his cum began to fly out. He pulled back but some still got on his face and hair.
Castiel was thinking he meant on the slopes, but when Jo and Charlie came over the next night to hang out, he learned otherwise. “You know everybody hooks up on the ski trip, right? It’s like a school-sanctioned booty call.”
It also didn’t help that they were unbearably perfect personality wise. He was relaxed and cool as a teacher while she acted like she had a stick up her ass all the time.
“Aquila, the constellation.” Dean shook his head and Cas continued his story, tracing the stars. “Aquila, the pet eagle of Zeus, showed the gentler side of his nature when he carefully carried up Ganymede to Mount Olympus to be cup-bearer to his master.”
The day before valentine's day was when he completed his first draft. The story ended with Jensen and Jared finding their father and then being hit by a car driven by the demon who they were hunting. Unlike his trashy romance novels, Castiel was really proud of this one. A quick word count check said that they were at nearly the length of deathly hallows.
“Uhh yeas sure. I can do that. That is something I can do.” Dean stammered over his sentence and turned bright red and turned to face the wall. Castiel pulled on a ratty old pair of jeans and one of the shirts Dean had left behind on accident when he stayed over one night. Castiel unconsciously took a sniff of the shirt. Despite going through the wash it smelled like apples, wood, and the smell that lingered around the impala.
“No, I'm okay.” Castiel waved him off. He rubbed at his eyes trying to get rid of the last of the fuzz.
“Okay, so kissing on anything other than the lips and other types of physical affection are allowed.” He wrote down as he spoke. Dean raised an eyebrow.
“Well, let us hope that they keep up with the other tributes. The careers this year look as attractive as all hell.”
Dean nodded and got in line for the interview, smiling at no. She was in a sleek black dress and had her hair done in a tight bun.
"It was just a nightmare Dean, you are okay." His monotone voice was oddly comforting. "Just breath with me okay?" Cas pulled in a breath slowly and he attempted to copy his breathing pattern.
Jo turned around with Kevin still leaning on her, “there is a cave a little ways away. Dean can you carry him?” She whispered, probably because she didn’t want the careers to hear.
Jody signed the paper, “Hey, maybe we can all of us go to Wintergreen over Christmas. Dean too. I’m due to take some time off of work.” Jody handed her the slip, “you can wear Michael’s ski pants. His gloves, too. Gabriel is going but he wouldn’t fit. I think he has his own stuff anyways”
Rolling his eyes, Castiel took a bite of the scampi. He heard himself let out an involuntary moan at the taste. He had been living on bar food and Jody’s cooking for two years now, so to him, this was one of the most delicious things he had ever tasted. Castiel began to scarf down the rest of the food, barely stopping for breath.
Victor raised an eyebrow. “Then why didn’t you holler at us? I wanted to show off my ollies for you.”
Castiel’s breath caught in his throat as he read that. He took a moment before he kept reading. The rest seemed to follow a similar theme with a constant. A few tuck out to him.
Sam looked up and rolled his eyes at the shorter man, “everyone is a sasquatch to you dwarf.” The words were teasing but were filled with only fond amusement. Castiel raised an eyebrow at Dean who just shrugged, not knowing when that development happened either.
Castiel went to remove his shirt but was stopped by Dean’s hand. He furrowed his brows in confusion. He watched as Dean hungrily took in the sight of him.
“Hello?” Castiel called out hesitantly. He heard a loud thump and cursing behind the door, then the sound of two people shuffling. He began to regret coming there, Bella was probably there with Dean on the other side of the door.
Castiel’s brain finally caught up with what he was doing and pulled out of the kiss and took a step back. Dean looked smug and raised an eyebrow while Castiel gaped at him like a fish.
Castiel followed his instructions. The dog licked his hand and wagged his tail a little before plopping down on his foot. The boy smiled widely at him and went back to letting the dog in his lap.
"Misha Collins?" Castiel raised an eyebrow. Recognition flashed across Dean's face but Castiel pressed on to continue. "But that isn't my point."
She all but growled at him her response. “Don’t you dare tell me to go easy. I am about to go inside to watch my ship of three years become canon. You will not ruin this for me buddy.”
The next chapter is pure smut and almost no plot so I'm gonna post it tomorrow. I apologize in advance for how bad it is.
The next night, Castiel and Dean were at the Roadhouse to study for a few hours. Well, Castiel studied, and Dean kept trying to distract him by asking about Michael and being nosy about what Castiel was learning instead of doing his own work.
“I’m so glad you’re doing this. It’s good for you to try new things.” Aunt Jody gave them both a warm smile. Castiel smiled weakly. If she only knew. Castiel spotted Dean and his friends messing around outside by the charter bus.
Dean furrowed his brow in concentration, “Well yeah, it didn't really seem like it took the first time?”
She glowered at him, “if you must know I believe they are going to go to the river first thing. Jo and Kevin are a lot smarter than they look. They know to go wait where they can get the resources they need.”
Sam nodded, “only if you come back safe, though. Okay?” Dean made no promises but he pushed Sam to the peacekeeper. “Wait,” pleaded Sam and he fought his way to Dean, pressing a box in his hand. “Wear this. As your token.” Dean didn’t get a chance to look at it before the peacekeepers grabbed Sam and dragged him out.
Dean laughed, “oh yeah. Let’s get matching vests. His and his bulletproof vests, for protecting against angry girlfriends.”
Dean's finger slipped in to what felt like a knuckle. Castiel leaned back and pressed his lips against Dean’s again, practically panting into his mouth. Dean pulled his finger out a little and it felt nearly as good as when he pushed it in. Dean slowly began to move his finger in and out of Castiel as he slowly kissed him.
Cas just shrugged and motioned his head for Charlie to follow. Dean shrugged and looked back at the parachute. It was a small box with pieces of paper sticking out of it. Tissues.
“The year I went, people were skinny-dipping,” Charlie said dreamily. She laughed at Castiel’s surprised expression. “The girls just took their tops off. Just be prepared.”
“Dean come on, you can’t have done that bad.” Jo tried to console him. He just waved her off and the results began to flash.
Cas reached his hand behind Dean and pulled his water bottle to view. He poured a little over his hands and rubbed them together. Dean sighed, "come on man. It isn't even that bad. Just pour some water and cover it up."
“I don’t mind if you hug me either? I understand casual contact is a usual occurrence in romantic relationships.”
“I was trying to run to catch up to you but Michael stalled me, said ‘don’t worry about that pathetic mess. Naomi got him good, should be about three days before he goes.’ It was not too difficult to deduce.”
“Hello Dean,” Castiel was used to the stupid nickname by now so didn’t bother correcting him. “Hello Sam,” he smiled at Dean’s brother.
my point.” Jo jabbed a finger into his side. “He never apologizes to anybody. Come on this way.” Jo led them into an art room and showed him towards an easel covered in canvas in the back.
Lilith made it through first, her wicked smile was eerie in the firelight. “Boys, we got ourselves a new friend.”
Ten minutes late saw them walking out of the shelter with Luke on a leash following Castiel around like he had a giant steak in his hand.
Dean seemed to become aware of just how close they were at the same time Castiel came to the realization that he wanted to kiss him. Castiel watched as those beautiful green eyes flicked down to Castiel’s own lips and back up. It was so brief, but the way Dean’s pupils and where their chests were pressed against each other, Castiel could feel Dean’s heart rate pick up.
“It is fruitless to keep trying at the moment, we are exhausted and we need sleep to be alert.” Michael answered.
“So I was with her cleaning up after fishing. She was making a departure from the washrooms when Balthazar suddenly jumps her making up a bunch of jokes, which were merely simple play on words. He starts asking us about the current events and Uriel-” He stopped suddenly and adopted a bored air. He finished his basket and threw it at Dean. “That is how it is done you incompetent swine.”
This whole situation was a mess. Dean now thought Castiel had a crush on him, Anna was hopefully unsure about him having a crush on her. By now the whole school definitely thought that Castiel was gay. He had managed to hide being pansexual for most of his life and now that it was out he fully expected to be harassed for it by Bella. Great.
“Oh I do, but when I tease it is from a place of love. When Bella teases it is from a place of pure evil and skankiness.” She slung an arm over his shoulder but he was too tall so she settled for just pushing his back to get him moving in the direction she wanted him to move in. “Besides, the coat is cool. Now let’s go, I wanna show you my thing.
Dean nodded and turned around to face the wall. He leaned over to Jo on his right, “so you come here often?”
"Hm?" He turned around and saw the thinly veiled breakdown about to happen. He hefted up Cas and walked over to her. Wrapping his arms around her he kissed the top of her head. "Go be with Jo. You two knew him better than I. Also she has something you might like."
Sam wasn’t there yet, much to Castiel’s surprise. Between his brother and the Winchester, Sam was definitely much more punctual.
“If I meet him I would probably ask if he and Charlie really was a thing,” said Krissy. Mr. Novak made an indiscernible noise but they ignored it.
“I’m not with him,” Castiel blurted out then winced at his rudeness. “And Ellen is getting me something anyways. Thank you though.” The waitress nodded and walked away towards the kitchen.
“I agreed to go on a ski trip just because I hear you were going!” Jo shouted at her in frustration. Charlie and Jo stared each other down, Charlie was gaping like a fish.
As they walked into the party they were greeted by a wave of noise and the smell of weed and booze. Dean’s friend Lee was the first to notice them.
“I was so close to getting Sam to bring Jess to this. Maybe have Kevin bring his mother, have this be one of the battles,” said Dean receiving a slap from Mr. Novak. “Ouch, what is it. Abuse Dean day?”
Before they hopped out of the car, Jody pulled a hat out of her coat pocket. It was made of light light blue yarn with a pom-pom on top. She fit it on Castiel's head so that it covered his ears. “I found this in the hall closet. I think it was one of your dad’s. He was such a great skier.”
She nodded and and Dean saw her grab and Kevin's bag. Kevin's machete was in her hand and Charlie was behind her. He held up his hand with three fingers.
Dean told stories about his home. He told them about the surprise party he had for Sam. He told them about how stupid he and Jess were for not realizing how smitten they were for each other.  ("if you are watching this Sammy go give Jess a kiss for me.) It was... peaceful, to say the least. But of course that peace couldn't last.
“Yeah but the people at college board go nuts over angsty stuff. I am definitely going to get a four on this at
“Dean, you still got that lighter?” Charlie asked a moment later. Jo was  forming the sticks into a pyramid formation.
Dean felt a rush of anger overcome him and began to rush at the man with a knife to his best friend's throat, something held him back though. He turned around in anger only to be pushed against a tree with a hand covering his mouth. Cas reach for Dean's belt and held up his knife slowly.
“No... Dean never mentioned that.” Despite hooking up in a locked bathroom at school, Castiel wasn’t sure if he was ready for Dean to suggest them getting together in the hot tub. Castiel just decided not to bring a swimsuit, It’s not like they can make you go in a hot tub if you don’t want to.
"We cauterized it," Cas answered, "Basically we forcefully scanned the wound. I'm surprised you aren't in more pain."
Dean finally looked Castiel in the eyes. “Nope. I didn’t hear you.” His voice was cold and indifferent and so un-Dean like, the smile faded from Castiel’s face.
“Sorry Hannah, got to go.” Dean grabbed Jo and dragged her over to the chariot. Making nice with a career like that cocky asshole did not interest him in the slightest.
And gone. As soon as he woke up he figured out why Cas had been so panicked.  Those growling hounds looked like demons from hell.
He wasn’t sure why they bothered him so much. Was it because it was so degrading to Dean? Because it was cruel to him? Or maybe it was because Bella was the one who said it.
He smiled at her concern, “relax. I was just keeping watch. Go back to sleep, you only got like an hour of it.”
“Hey, you need a book to read on your flight,” Jody said awkwardly, “We'll be right back. Come on Alfie.”
“Sorry bout jumping you without asking last night,” Dean blushed and scratched his head awkwardly, “it was just because Anna was watching. I wanted to help you make her jealous.”
Dean shifted awkwardly as the results came on. He knew Bobby wouldn’t be happy with his scores at all. At least his failure of a showing would be beneficial. Nobody went after people with scores like his.
Castiel felt Dean's hand slapping up against his balls as his fingers, all three of them, bottomed out inside his ass. The slick friction was heaven. It's bloody perfect. And yet his body feels like it's climbing toward something. Something he can't even hope to grasp onto. And he wants…
Dean sobered up and grabbed Castiel’s hand, “you are doing fine. I’m sorry, I’ve been dating Bella off and on since middle school and other than that it is all hookups with people who know I don’t want a relationship. Starting a new one with you, even if it is fake, will take a minute to get used to.” Dean smiled what Castiel had heard other girls refer to as his ‘panty-dropping’ smile. “Also, I’m not gay so this whole you being a guy thing will take a moment too.”
“You sure?” Castiel looked up to tell him he was okay again but something even worse than Dean having that letter. Anna walking towards him with determination, gripping a piece of paper of her own.
that you have unlocked a new best friend. Now come on, follow me to lunch peasant.” Castiel rolled his eyes and followed her out while she started to ramble about the Star Wars sequels.
In exchange for the tutoring, Dean taught Castiel how to cook. Soon he knew how to make pasta without it being too raw or mushy, how to make homemade meatballs, and the perfect recipe for lasagna.
“Well, you better not get expelled on your first-day kid,” Jody joked in a tone that was not at all joking. Gabe laughed at that but she gave him a stink eye and he closed his mouth quickly.
“I’m pissed because my best friend kissed my boyfriend. I’m pissed because I saw how scared you looked while he was kissing you. I’m pissed because I wasn’t there to stop it in the first place.”
Dean knew Jo would eventually come to the same realization as he had. He also knew that she would be a moron and try to stay behind to save them.
“Alright, here is your brand new background.” He handed back the phone with his stupid face as the new home screen.
“I know, shall we go work on throwing knives? I think I am still a little rusty.” Cas and the dickbag walked away with their backs to him.
Dean followed Castiel’s gaze and grabbed his arm. “Come on, let’s talk over her.” Castiel let himself be led away from the baseball team. When they were out of earshot Dean turned to Castiel again.
District four had a boy with dark hair and blue eyes that seemed to watch Dean through the screen. He didn’t seem as excited as the other careers were for the game. He seemed calm, though, sure of himself.
“After the first month, you can see how she is doing knowing she isn’t the center of your world.” Castiel stared Dean down as he glared at him, refusing to budge. Castiel knew absence made the heart grow fonder, and he was damned if he had to fake date Dean Winchester for long.
Dean looked into his face. Castiel's lips quirked up, and he'd laugh if he weren't so close to coming. Dean raised his hands and smoothed the hair from Castiel's face again. "Cas…" His gaze touched everywhere. He was thrusting deep inside Castiel's body. His cock kept pressing up against that spot every other thrust. Castiel felt a pressure building, building building. With a choked sob he was pushed over the edge.
The next morning he was at his locker, putting his books away when he saw Dean walking down the hallway. Castiel’s heart thumped in his chest so loud he could hear it echo in his ears. Castiel ducked his head into his locker and started arranging his books into a pile.
Dean shrugged, “let's call it a contingency. No one in their right mind is gonna let their boyfriend go without them, so if we are still doing this by the time it comes around, you have to go with me.”
“Alright Kali, looks like I got to go.” Charlie walked over to Castiel and looped her arm through his, “my friend needs me.”
“Your fangirls are waiting,” Castiel awkwardly joked. Despite the attention he got from dating Dean, he really didn’t like being the center of attention. Logically, he knew those girls were staring at Dean, but he was
Ellen nodded, clearly pleased with that answer. “Well, you have him call me when you get home son, okay?”
“God you look so hot when you come,” Dean said against his lips before he went back to kissing him. He felt Dean’s hand snake between them to slip into his underwear, but Castiel grabbed his wrist before it got there. Dean made a confused noise in his throat and pulled away to make eye contact.
“That doesn’t mean anything,” Castiel rationalized, “he’s probably upset because Bella dumped him again.”
Castiel took another sip, accepting the reason. Dean was never very good at lying outright, and now that Castiel was in a less irrational mindset it was clear that Dean wasn’t. There was one thing bothering him though.
Castiel didn’t tell her that he wouldn’t need them, because he’d be cozy in the lodge working on his new novel and sipping hot cocoa by the fire. He had recently had the inspiration for a romance novel based on a fake relationship. He wasn’t sure where the inspiration came from though.
“Thanks,”  his tone wasn’t even upset. This had been happening so often that he had gotten numb emotionally from it. He was simply tired, which is what Krissy hated most.
Castiel’s rationalization just seemed to piss Dean off more. “You think I’m upset because people might think you were cheating on me?”
“I feel like I should confess my feelings for you more often if it gets you this riled up,” Castiel teased. Dean groaned as Castiel’s hand crept between his legs, caressing.
Dean stabbed a piece of the pie and held it up to Castiel’s mouth in offering, “open up.” Cautiously, Castiel wrapped his mouth around the fork.
Dean’s easy smile lowered a bit, “even if we aren’t still together by then we can hang out at friends.” Castiel felt relieved at Dean’s reassurance that he wanted to remain friends. He still was doubtful over the whole trip though.
“Any chance you guys want to come with me?” Castiel implored. He wanted at least one person other than Dean with him, just so he could trust that the smart would outweigh the stupid in the room.
Puzzled, Dean looked down at the wine. “I wasn’t planning on it. This is for my scampi that I am making while these amazing brownies are in the oven.” Castiel relaxed and Dean smiled reassuringly, “I’m not planning on getting you drunk and taking advantage of you.”
The kiss was sweaty and chaste. For the couple of seconds that Castiel held his face to his own, Dean was completely frozen in shock. He didn’t manage to gather himself before Castiel pushed him away. Castiel’s stomach was flipping with anxiety, hoping that Anna had seen that.
Castiel felt his heart flutter again at that. He swallowed the butterflies. “Well, are there any left?”
They stood there in silence, staring at each other awkwardly for a couple of moments. Castiel nervously stared him down, trying to figure out exactly what he wanted to say. Finally, Dean broke the silence.
It was difficult to fight down a snort at Bella’s enraged, shocked expression. “Got anything stronger?”
Charlie gave him an awkward smile when he walked out. “I had a lot of fun that night, too. But I feel like I should tell you, though. You know I'm gay, right?”
Castiel walked into the kitchen and filled a red cup with water. He sat on the counter and waited for a text back. Thankfully, it was only a couple of minutes.
Castiel sagged in relief, now he could sit with Jo while Charlie sat with Kali. Dean could talk to Bella all he wanted and Castiel had an excuse not to watch..
“Damn,” Jody cursed and she swept up the rest of the cards to reshuffle. “So what's the score? Alfie 10, Cas and I zero?” She expertly dealt out cards to them.
Castiel took a deep breath, inhaling the smell. “Why did you not get back together with Bella when you had the chance,” he asked again nervously.
Castiel ended up in a double room with Victor, he hadn’t even noticed that they were supposed to sign up for roommates so he was grateful that Dean’s friend had scooped him. Victor just said that he was probably gonna be out in another girl’s room all night so he just needed to lie if chaperones stopped by. Castiel shrugged and agreed.
“He’s at the garage,” Dean walked over to the fridge and grabbed a can of ginger ale and coke. He slid the ginger ale over to Castiel and then opened his own drink. “So where to start?” He asked.
“What’s up?” Dean asked. Castiel fidgeted and looked over at his teammates who were staring at him and Dean like they were aliens. One leaned over and began to whisper into his friend's ear.
One of the boys was quite small with Malaysian features. He had dark hair and eyes with a faint scruff.
He managed five minutes of walking before he got nervous with the awkward air surrounding them. “So, how did you get a nine?”
“I don’t know Dean,” he stared Dean in the eyes. Dean just sighed and looked away. Message not delivered. Castiel tried to quell his disappointment.
“This was supposed to be you saving Dean from Bella, and him saving you from yourself.” Jo looked at him nervously, “I know you two weren’t actually together, but when I did I thought you two seemed to make each other a better person. You seemed happy.”
"When the hell did they get here?" He demanded of Cas. He looked at the clearing and saw a smoking fire. One of the hounds was munching on a bird that was clearly fresh. "How long have you been awake?"
“Good thing you asked Charles,” he ignored her glare, “because I am going to tell you. Pretty much we will be playing three two player mini games as teams. The team that wins the most rounds with get a star on their tally.” He pulled out a wooden board with four slots. Each one had a picture of somebody's face. “So yeah Chuck played another God of all things computer and found us three games to play.”
Castiel changed out his textbooks and grabbed his lunchbox before heading to the bleachers. His heart was beating unbelievably fast and felt like it would burst out of his chest as he walked to the football field. He saw Dean sitting in Castiel’s usual spot furiously scribbling on a piece of paper.
Cas heard himself moaning in chorus with Dean’s panting breath. He became reasonably sure about something: if Dean kept this up, Castiel was going to come.
Castiel gasped in surprise. The single finger hadn’t hurt, but there were two fingers. Dean had thick fingers, thick hands. This would probably hurt. Castiel braced himself.
“How romantic,” Castiel rolled his eyes. He could manage the notes if he knew they were for revenge.
Smut scene summary: Castiel drunk kisses Dean and hook up, despite thinking it is a bad idea. After they hook up Dean asks if they can wait to talk about it until the morning and they fall asleep together.
“You’re only excited cause you're starting middle school,” Gabe complained with a forced smile, “I gotta go deal with Mr. Walker for my first period.”
Once Sam left the room, the reality of what just happened sank in. Castiel dreaded looking back at Dean’s face, worried about what he would find. He slowly moved his eyes to see Dean staring at him with an amused smile.
“Quick, Lucifer. I heard something,” Dean stared at the pointed finger and watched as other careers followed it.  “Quick, run. I’ll stay here and finish Gordon off,” Michael nodded and led the people away from the tree Dean and Charlie were in. Castiel stared at Gordon and handed him a knife, “your life is your own to finish. I just know that it will take only a little while and be very painful if you try to fight through it.”
“I think you’re hot,” Lee said seriously. He started giggling like he had just said the funniest thing on the planet. Castiel just watched in amusement as Lee had to brace himself on the counter he was laughing so hard. “Dean Winchester’s hot boyfriend at my stupid party.”
He reached into his pocket to fish around for the metal cylinder. Grabbing it he threw it at his dad. “If that is all then you can go.” John caught it deftly and nodded.
Castiel was standing at his locker, trying to find the notebook he had accidentally left over break when she tapped him on the shoulder.
“Holy shit that hurt,” Kevin cursed. He laid back on the grass and Dean could see a faint sheen of sweat on his skin. “Hey Dean?” Kevin asked.
“Fine, I’m gonna shower,” Sam pointed at the pie, “but that better be waiting for me when I get out.” Dean rolled his eyes as his brother left the room.
She nodded but her face was puzzled. Standing up she flicked her hair behind her shoulder and walked over to the man hyperventilating. Dean knelt down next to his best friend.
Charlie leaned over Lilith who was choking on her own blood, still alive. "That was for Kevin you bitch."
"Charlie give me the bow, go to Kevin." Dean was gentle in his tone. "He has a knife sticking out of his gut. He is gonna die and I think he wants to die with a friend."
“Let me,” Castiel said, feeling his face burn in embarrassment. His heart was nearly beating out of his chest with nerves.
“She told me that she was going to flip them off and braid her hair,” Jo explained for Pamela. Dean laughed, Pam was awesome.
Please give me feedback. This is my first slowburn fic that's made it past the first chapter. I'm using this as practice before I restart my Among the Asters fic. Any feedback helps, or anybody bored enough to beta read and fix my errors would be neat. Anyways, thank you to all that have read this far and those who are following this. I promise this work will not be an orphan.
Dean withdrew his fingers, pushed them back in, withdrew, pushed back in, each time going just a bit farther, only the slightest bit. Castiel got so lost in it, his head went slightly foggy and muddled and empty in this wonderful way that made him feel like he was safe no matter what. Dean kept giving it to him, and it was so good he didn't even realize at all when…
“Well I know I’m a good lay but I don’t know how you can stand to look a me. I mean look,” he gestured to one of his many scars on his arms.
“That reminds me,” Charlie added before Jo could start harassing him, ”I’m definitely going on the ski trip.”
“Hmm, could be better but I will accept it.” She smiled big and gripped the ends of the canvas. “Prepare to be wowed.”
Castiel didn’t believe him for a second, “cool.” They sat in awkward silence for a bit, the sound of the usuals sauntering in filled the air. Eventually, Ellen came by with the order for him and Dean.
After they had both finished Cas wrapped his arms around Dean from behind. He nuzzled into Dean’s neck making a map of love bites on the freckled skin. Dean felt himself drifting off but Castiel had one last thing to say to him.
So far, Castiel had managed to keep his writing career a secret. As close as friends he and Dean were, he knew that once Bella made her move to get back with him that it would be all over. He wasn’t sure he could trust Dean to not tell Bella.
Sam sighed, “as I said before, I don’t know what happened to you two. But Castiel, he’s my brother and I hate seeing him this upset.” Sam’s eyes widened in a way the Luke’s did when he begged for scraps at the dinner table. “Please just talk to him, give him a chance to explain whatever he did. My brother is a bit of an idiot sometimes, but he always has his heart in the right place.”
Castiel repressed rolling his eyes and force a big smile across his face, “let’s go Jo!” He punched a fist in the air and forced as much enthusiasm in his tone as he could muster.
“Castiel wait,” Dean called out after him. Castiel heard the sound of him moving in the water and standing up. Castiel turned around hesitantly to see Dean’s face full of regret. “I’m sorry I didn’t mean it.” Dean was standing in the hot tub, the water rose to his thigh.
“I think Jo needs to stay here, she’s my jogging partner.” Castiel tried to shoot Jo a pleading look.
Dean stopped his efforts to free himself from Castiel’s vice like grip on him in favor of going limp in shock. Seeing his childhood friend get her throat ripped out shocked him into enough submission for Castiel to run quickly away.
“So I was just complimenting Cassie on his Halloween costume.” Castiel looked up to see Dean’s smile falter. “Come on,” Bella added, “I see someone we need to say hi to.” Bella whipped around and began to walk towards a group of seniors.
It came out fumbly and uncertain, and Dean didn’t respond so Castiel tried again, louder. “I’m in love with you, Dean Winchester.”
“Why are you here then? You should be running away for career enemy number one if you are not their ally.” Jo input before Kevin could insult Cas again.
Castiel smiles softly at how readily he said it, how quickly he was ready to do whatever Castiel said. He looked up at Castiel with lust-blown eyes and Castiel leaned down to give him a peck on the lips before leaning in to whisper in his ear. "One finger?" He asked nervously.
Castiel ripped the letter from his hand, “shut up.” He ran upstairs and looked at the letter. Thankfully the letter had a “return to sender” stamp on it, which meant that Crowley had never opened it. Castiel was momentarily grateful that his ten-year-old self had addressed the letter to the camp instead of Crowley’s home address.
“Wait... Wha…?” Castiel heard Dean say, but he just kept running, wondering how fast the rumor mill would tell everyone what he had done and how exactly he was going to explain himself to Jo and his family.
“What would that be?” Castiel replied absentmindedly. He grabbed his cards from Jody and began to organize himself. She had dealt him three aces to begin which was
“Nothing,” Castiel lied. He looked over to where Ms. Moseley and Mr. Turner were looking through kids’ bags—Ms. Moseley was doing the girls and Mr. Turner was doing the boys. "What are they looking for?” Castiel asked Dean.
TW: Sexual assault. See the end of the chapter notes for where to avoid/what happens so you don't have to read it.
Castiel looked back up at Dean and they stared at each other processing what just happened, simultaneously bursting into laughter.
The other boy just tilted his head, "My brother calls me Cassie. I guess Cas is less detestable." Dean felt something hot near his hands and jumped at the fire Cas had started. "Perhaps, Dean Winchester, you might come to discover that by not practicing you draw more attention to yourself."
“Later,” promised Jo. They ran for about four minutes, Dean slower than usual. They could hear the careers behind them the whole way to the hiding spot. Jo deftly leaped over a tree stump and disappeared. Charlie looked at it warily but ended up following her down. Kevin climbed off Dean’s back and crawled over the ledge. Dean could hear an “oof,” as he landed on Charlie.
“Excuse me? What is wrong with my name?” Dean looked absolutely miffed. He couldn't imagine anybody finding his name dumb.
“Meet me at lunch so we can talk about this.”  Dean blushed at that and coughed. Castiel, now pleased with himself smiled and leaned away.
“He’s teasing Cassie,” Michael reassured him. “I think you two should look at this as an opportunity to branch out, make new friends. Don’t just do stuff because I am already doing it.”
Castiel’s heart felt like it was going to beat out of his chest. He was silent for a moment, debating what to do and trying to calm himself. He felt the walls he had slammed all those months ago crumbling, leaving himself vulnerable to the full force of his feelings for the man in front of him.
Castiel as somebody wrapped their arms around him from behind. Castiel jumped and instinctively tried to move away, hiding his phone in the process.
Castiel couldn’t help looking down at Dean’s lips and remembering how they had felt against his own. It wasn’t bad at all. Dean had a point too, The resident fuckboy not kissing his new boyfriend? People would be instantly suspicious.
“What can I say, Mr. Turner, I am really passionate about. Um…” Jo looked around the room, “algebra?”
Jo finally spoke. “Oh, I already talked to Moseley and she said it was cool.” Jo made a kissy face at Bella. “Too bad, Bel.”
Castiel clapped his hands together, "well, let us get in the trees my friend." He held out his elbow and Charlie wrapped hers around it. They walked away and not long after there was some rustling in the trees.
Now that Castiel’s friends were all dating each other and he was sans Dean, something which sent another round of pain and heartbreak through him every time he thought about it, he had a lot of free time to himself. After he was ahead of his work as humanly possible, he started writing another book. Just one of his passion projects, nothing he ever planned on publishing.
“Dammit Cas,” he hissed. “Stitch up what?” Cas reached out his hand and placed it on Dean’s hip. “Woah buddy, at least buy me dinner first.”
“You can look now. I’m dressed.” Dean looked up and audibly cleared his throat. There was a strange look on his face as he took in what Castiel was wearing.
“Easy there Angel,” Dean laughed. He avoided Castiel’s efforts but still held him close. “There’s just one more thing I should probably admit.”
“Oh I do, but if we are gonna fake contract then you have to fake sign it. I don't want any takebacks on your part later on.” Castiel rolled his eyes but signed the paper. Dean grabbed it from him and signed underneath his name.
Dean stared at the hand, "look man. I know I probably seem all kind and cuddly to you but your fellow careers aren't. Talking to me is a big no-no if you want a chance to team with them at all."
“No, I expect my aunt to turn around and change her mind any second. What is the point in getting invested in a dog somebody else will adopt?”
“From the beginning, Dean made it clear that he was only pretending to date me because he wanted to make Bella jealous. Even if there was a small part of him that liked me, it was never any more than her. I’ll always be his second choice.” Castiel looked down at his hands, avoiding eye contact.
“Semantics,” Dean threw a chip into his mouth. He reached in his bag and pulled out a packet of gummy bears, "want these as a trade."
Dean thought up a hundred different reasons for why that would be a bad idea. His particular favorite would be the sword trapped to Castiel’s back. But looking in Castiel’s hope filled eyes seemed to chase all of the warning bells in his head, so he did the stupid. “Sure Cas.”
He leaped down and a the shock absorption went straight to his torso, causing a faint ache to spring up there.
“Oh Castiel, you got so sexy and tall over the summer. Take me now, I was going to save myself for marriage but your rugged looks are making me want to fuck you.”
The next she pulled out was Gabriel holding onto a microphone, the background behind him transitioned from a beautifully serene neighborhood to a picture of a mass tragedy. Jo showed him that each half of his face showed a different expression if you covered it. The top half had grieving eyes and the bottom was a cheerful smile. His eyes also glowed slightly like Castilel’s and there was a transparent outline of wings fanning out behind his back.
“Cas! You got some mail!” Castiel’s brother called from downstairs. Castiel ran past Jody in his doorway to see Gabe waving a letter in the air.
Castiel looked up at him in surprise. “Why didn’t you-” he started. He trailed off his sentence, staring up at Castiel in surprise.
“Lighten up Dean, at least we have an ally in each other,” she whispered so Tessa wouldn’t hear. He smiled a real smile, at least someone found this amusing.
Dean searched his eyes but, even still, pushed. Castiel felt the resistance of his body giving way – and then there was a slow, wonderful burn of it, up and up and up.
“And I need to get away from here, small towns are black holes, and the further away I go to college the less chance I have to end up stuck there.”
Dean walked up close to Castiel and gently lifted his hands, rubbing soothing circles over the red marks on his wrists from where they got slammed into the counter.
On another note, this chapter is 90% smut so if you don't like that you can just skip the smut part. I tried to not include any important plot points in the sex scene but I still summarized it at the end of the chapter notes as well just in case you don't want to read it but wanna know the gist of what hap.
“Look, this is the end of the month, you can talk to Bella. How about you stop ignoring her and finally get what you wanted so I can be done with this.”
“Like, you can fuck me.” Dean blushed to his ears. Castiel could imagine it. He had had Dean’s mouth around his cock, he knew it was hot and wet and amazing. He could only imagine it if he had Dean’s hole around him. He knew that it would be amazing and that Castiel would come instantly.
Dean smiled, “thanks, man.” The bell rang. Dean waved goodbye as he ran off to his own first-period class. Castiel rolled his eyes and went to sit down with Charlie.
Jody smiled and leaned down to pet Luke, “well aren’t you just the sweetest boy?” Luke looked up at her and sniffed her hand before laying his head pack down in Castiel’s lap.
“Well I am clearly queen of these woods so you had better bet your ass that the most honorable position belongs to you.”
Also, coincidentally, the topic of one of his love letters. The story of how he got in the mix was kind of embarrassing to modern-day Castiel.
Dean nodded and his eyes flicked to the field. He subtly motioned for Castiel to follow his gaze. “We got an audience. Castiel looked down to see a couple of girls from the gym class staring at them and whispering to each other.
Charlie was looking at something on Dean’s waist. “When did you get that?” He looked down to where Naomi had nicked him with the knife. There was a deep gash and Charlie looked nauseous.
His brilliant blue eyes glittered with confusion, “why would I want to be friends with someone who is literally named Lucifer?”
Though Dean was the one who stood up Castiel was the one who led him to the bedroom. Turning around he reached his arms around Dean’s waist pulled him in for a kiss.
“Damn he was determined,” said Charlie in awe as Dean walked back on camera holding a man’s hand. Their face were cut out until Dean sat down, leaving only the mystery man covered, until he sat down.
Against the odds the day was almost fun. Charlie, Dean and Cas had unanimously decided, without even talking about it, that they needed to distract themselves from think of Jo and Kevin.
“Carry on my wayward sooooonn,” the television demanded their attention. There was a video of a person in a car. “There will be peace when you are done,” the man started up the car. “Lay your weary head to resssstt,” he started driving. “Don't you cry to more,” a video of the back of the car driving away into a sunset. “No!” The screen went black.
"This angle," Dean replied regretfully. "I don't think I can get deeper like this."  He withdrew his finger slowly, and Castiel gasped. He felt hot and tingly all over. "Can I… get behind you?"
“Fiddlesticks, I am so sorry I forgot Dean,” Charlie cut him off from answering. She motioned towards a log for Kevin to sit on and walked him over to it. “Dean had a little scratch yesterday, he promised he would check it out.”
Charlie’s gaze darkened in a way that Castiel never needed to see again. “Gladly,” Kali smirked and took her hand, leading her to a clear area where a bunch of other idiots were dancing. The other two girls with Bella got up to follow them.
John looked as confused as Dean felt. “Why wouldn’t I come here? I gave you my lucky bullet and I need it back.” John snorted, “I doubt that it is too lucky, though.”
He looked down at the French braid he had made absentmindedly. "I used to do Jess and Jo's hair before they went to school."
“The Goodwill boxes?” Castiel tried to stifle his rising panic as he ran it by in his head. He had kind of just shoved all his clothes in the boxes that didn’t fit him anymore, and he vaguely remembered putting a couple of shoeboxes away. “No, no no no no no,” Castiel began muttering under his breath.
“I’m telling you Cas,” Dean said when Castiel asked him why. “This place has the best burgers anywhere. The fact that you
“Then I will insist they string me up right beside you.” Dean felt the tears spill over and Castiel kissed them away, “I will tell you this everyday of your life. I will let you know that you aren’t alone everyday of your life and that I will stay.”
"Dean, Dean! Shhh. It is okay. You are okay. It is safe." A low voice rumbled in his ear. He looked up in panic, his eyes making contact with the sky. No, not that sky. It was Cas.
"Charlie washed it. We hung it up to dry over there," Castiel said softly, he pointed towards a rock that was soaking in the sun.
“Chaperones go to sleep early because they’re old,” Jo added. “People just sneak out. Plus there’s a hot tub. Did you know that there’s a hot tub?”
“You need to eat something healthier to get yourself into shape. Those careers are the depictions of health.”
Jesse just turned to Krissy, raising his eyebrow. He tilted his head in a ‘what is that about’ manner. She just shrugged hers ‘I don’t even know.’
“Yes I will be okay, and you know why I want to move. The legal drinking age in Scotland is 18 and I very much plan to experience that.”
“As fun as this little chat has been I really need to get going. If you don’t mind,” he gestured towards the direction Charlie went in.
