"Yes," Sherrinford agrees with a grimace. "At first, he came home almost every weekend, then it became once or twice a month, and then his visits got further and further apart. The girls were in fifth grade and Mum had been back at work for four years already. Everyone was busy with their lives, and his longer absences were so gradual that nobody noticed until it was too late. Eventually, he stopped answering his phone and then one time I called him and got one of those recorded messages saying his phone number wasn't in service. Mycroft was back in London, then, thank God, and took over the search, but when he found out Sherlock had been kicked out of his flat, the trail went cold. There was a stretch of months where we had no idea what had happened to him. It was Detective Lestrade who finally contacted us, God bless him. Have you heard this story?"
The officers and detectives in the bullpen didn't notice him until he'd started asking if anyone had seen Sherlock. Within half an hour, John, having become bullish in his mounting anxiety—was escorted from the building. He called Mrs. Hudson as he walked and asked her if Sherlock was at the flat. She went upstairs to check, but he wasn't there. She told John she'd call right away if Sherlock came home. With no other recourse, he started walking rather than take a cab in the hopes that walking would tire him out and alleviate some of the physical anxiety, and then he'd repeatedly called Sherlock until his feet began to ache, and the battery saver on his phone came on. He flagged down a cab to take him home.
"Not enough specific memories that are happy," John clarified. "Like what you just told me about your mother. You know, memories that happened on a specific day, with all the details you described—the time of year, the way you felt, colors and sounds."
Now that the post-first kiss ardor had cooled (by necessity, as riding in a cab with an erection was just not on) Sherlock found the realities of the situation floating to the surface of his mind. The steps from where he was now (the cab) to where he wanted to be (naked in bed with John), were many and the variables at any point along the way might bring the whole thing crashing down.
ten hour shift, so he was spending Sunday night at his flat as well, and wouldn't be able to see Sherlock until Tuesday after work. He had a short shift that day and could come over in the early afternoon.
"Audrey knows how I feel about you—what you mean to me. Louisa won't ask questions if I tell her you're my friend."
," Sherlock hissed, eyes drifting shut as John sucked his lower lip into his mouth, tonguing along the plump bit of flesh before releasing it with an audible wet pop.
Mycroft stands and turns towards John. "The invitation to spend Christmas with our family is genuine. If you accept, I'll send a car to pick you up tomorrow morning at nine."
"Don't fret, John, don't fret. They'll be around shortly. Build up the fire in the sitting room and I'll pour us a glass of whiskey to warm us up."
"I know it's fine," John said defensively. The edge of Sherlock's mouth tilted up in amusement and John felt all his insecurities—which he usually managed to hide from himself—float up briefly to the surface before he pushed them back down.
The little girl, barely more than a toddler, had already been missing for 40 hours when Greg called Sherlock in. Her stepbrother, aged twenty-two, had taken her from the family home after everyone had gone to sleep. He had been diagnosed with schizophrenia at nineteen, and was considered dangerous, but unarmed.
"No. No, I didn't say that. I'm not saying I am or—that I'm not. I'm just—no, I can't—" John stands in the doorway between the kitchen and the dining room with his hands on his hips, unable to leave, but unwilling to sit back down with Sherrinford.
"I know it's fine," I snap, and only when he breathes out a laugh against my cheek do I recall the night he moved in, Angelo's enthusiasm to see me with someone else, his assumption John was my date, and John's vehement denial thereof.
"Sherlock," John said in his teeth-clenched-together voice, "If you don't let me go right this minute, I will pour this cup of boiling hot tea on your dick."
He was dragged to a series of parties, balls, galas, and weekend shooting events to be introduced to a variety of young women. It took a while for Sherlock to accept that his parents meant business. Mycroft wasn't required to marry because he was an important government official, weighted with political power.
Everyone is seated around the table—both parents, Sherrinford, the twins, Mycroft and Evelyn. To further John and Sherlock's embarrassment, they all stand up and break into applause. Evelyn gives a wolf whistle.
"Oh, we're so delighted to finally meet you!" Violet says, clapping her hands together. She's tall and heavy, dressed in a dark green flowing tunic and trousers, beads dangling around her neck and her grey hair held back by the pair of spectacles perched on the top of her head. She reaches for him as though to pull him into a hug, but then stops short, eyes flicking to Sherlock's then back to John. Instead of a hug, she clasps his arms, squeezing once and then letting go.
I made for the curb with even more haste than normal, trying to outrun Greg's questions before John had the chance to dig in his heels and demand I give Greg some answers. As I rushed out the lobby door of the block of flats, and waved my arm frantically for a taxi, I told myself
Sherlock was stunned into silence. His control over the situation, the balance he'd so far managed, was toppled. He stared at her, unable to think of a single word to say.
I've never met! Do you honestly think I'd pass up an opportunity to see where you come from? To meet the people who were there when you were growing up? This is like
"Open it up, John," she says, but before he can do it, she reaches out and tucks a fingertip under the lid, opening the laptop up. The screen comes to life.
him to be the assertive one, the aggressor. John likes men for the fact that someone else can be the pursuer, the predator while John can be the prey. It's a rush to be wanted enough to be chased, coaxed,
John fidgeted with his mug, his eyes on his hands. "Are you still involved with someone?" he asked looking at me from underneath his eyebrows.
Sherrinford takes John by the shoulders and shakes him gently. "John. Tell my brother how you feel. It's ridiculous for the two of you to pine like this when you could both be so happy together! Don't you want that?"
Once I had the requisite flannel, I wasted no time climbing up behind John who was kneeling as requested. I spread his cheeks, grinning at the sharp inhalation he made when I handled his bruised skin too roughly. I cleaned down the crack of his arse and over his hole with the wet flannel, then tossed it behind me, heedless where it landed.
"Ah, that's a shame, that is," John joked, grinning. "Now that you mention it, I'm already attached myself."
"You're worried he's going to leave, and you're equally worried that this—whatever you want with him—will work out! Don't you know what that means?"
I hadn't meant for this to be so angsty. It was supposed to be just fun toppy Sherlock seducing John, buuuuut...John and Sherlock said, "No," and then fucked off somewhere else until I agreed to leave in the angst.
"Sherlock," John breathed, staring at his former lover, reduced from the powerful, magnetic man he had fallen in love with to a shivering, emaciated wreck. John rushed towards him immediately, reaching for Sherlock's wrist to take his pulse before he'd even thought about it.
John squawks unattractively and smacks Sherlock on the chest while Sherlock gives him a mock-innocent look.
The seed of this story came to me in the summer of 2017. What if Sherlock had siblings other than Mycroft? What if he was a middle child?
Sherlock waited as the day dragged on, as the winter sun gave up the ghost and the cold dark seeped into the sitting room. In his mind he carefully went over all the details of the situation as though it were a case, and composed what he wanted to say to John when he finally came home. An apology, certainly. Explanation for his deception, obviously. And the rest—
John moaned in appreciation and wrapped his legs around Sherlock’s thighs. When Sherlock found himself grabbing John’s arse with both hands so that he could grind the two of them together, he knew they had to leave or risk shagging on the desk, and as much as he would've enjoyed that, New Scotland Yard wasn't the place for it. He pulled away from the kiss with a ragged breath and said, "My flat is—would you—" and John groaned against Sherlock’s throat in what Sherlock took to mean
For Sherlock, kissing was the ultimate determiner of sexual attraction. He might like a man, find him attractive, want to go to bed with him and discover, when they kissed, that he felt entirely uninterested after all. He’d learned that he tended to think he was attracted to someone whose body or personality was made up of things that Sherlock found attractive in general, but that true sexual attraction often had no clear source Sherlock could determine. For instance, when Sherlock took in all the men he’d ever had any sexual interest in, whether it was consummated or not, he found a type emerging. He liked slight young men with large, dark eyes, artistic men who had a circle of friends who drank wine in their tiny student flats and had intelligent arguments about existentialism and pop culture and gossiped about each other and to each other in a lighthearted way that bonded them rather than tore them apart. He didn’t like dancers, actors, or singers, but loved men who sculpted, painted, or wrote, who had their own money and an honorable way to earn it. He didn’t like needy or whiny men or overtly gay men who called people
"Who's that man, Daddy? Why's he leaving?" John heard Louisa say in a child's whisper, the type that carried.
John's lips are trail wetly along my jaw, his top lip catching on my stubble, and when he gets to my chin, he plows the fingers of his left hand through my hair, around to the back, and uses a handful to
He kept his eyes on the floor, but I thought it was probably a momentary attack of shyness rather than submission, I thought. He started towards me, very slowly, but then he seemed to become aware of how hungrily I was devouring the sight of his naked body and he stopped.
"I'm going to grab a flannel with warm water, wipe you down, and then, yes, I am most definitely going to lick you.
Greg responded. He must've still been at the flat or only then getting into his car because Greg didn't text while driving. He wasn't good at either task—attempting to do both at the same time would've been catastrophic.
I did what Oasis had advised me to do—I stopped thinking and plotting, didn't talk or demand or unleash a barrage of questions at John. I waited. Not patiently, exactly, because I had no patience—but because he would come to me when he was ready, and to push him before then was like taking back my assertion of love and respect.
and not everyone's, when I was at home. Then I went off to school and somewhere between half term and Christmas, he died. He'd disappeared and they looked for him everywhere, put up signs throughout the local village, all that. On a walk with the estate manager to inspect all the old tenant cottages, Dad found him lying in the doorway of one of the stone outbuildings."
Suddenly John's clarity allowed him to recognize three inviolable truths: that he loved Sherlock; Sherlock loved him; and today Sherlock
I fall asleep without realizing it because I wake to an empty bed. In the living room, Sherlock is already dressed in his own clothes.
"Oh, well, then," John said, looking smug, although Sherlock couldn't figure out why. He turned around to finish putting everything away.
, I explained. I took my phone from my pocket and took a few pictures of his arse. The color was pornographic in its scarlet hue. There were several bluish areas where enough capillaries had burst to form small hematomas. They were
Sherlock spoke then, his voice quiet and earnest. "Promise me that you'll remember today. This—acknowledgement of what we have meant to each other. I don't want—even if only for Louisa, I would rather not fight over anything. I don't want her to feel like her life is falling apart while we're arguing about who gets to keep the Persian carpets or what we consider a just division of our financial investments."
Yet sometimes , when the trail faltered and went cold, and even though it might take him hours or even days, Sherlock would sift through all the information he had accumulated, and then, out of nowhere, he'd simply
"Well, to be fair, I have a better memory than most of the human race," Sherlock said, only partially joking.
Sherlock grinned proudly. Louisa took after him in looks and interests, though her personality was all Audrey—friendly, good-natured, and, thankfully, not prone to the black moods Sherlock suffered.
!" and with a final stab of his cock into my body and a shuddering wail of pleasure, John spends himself deep inside me. He's still hard inside me when my orgasm begins coalescing, pleasure being drawn in from the tops of my thighs, my balls, my cock, and inside my arse and then I'm coming hard enough to see tiny white lights spark in my peripheral vision. I collapse and John goes down with me.
Everyone crowds around and watches the white flakes settle to reveal what's inside—a tiny view of the fireplace in their flat with two chairs facing each other, and two tiny people sitting in their chairs, having a cup of tea. All the women gasp and
"She may as well have announced that she was going to punch me in the face. I was absolutely shocked and hurt. I felt very strongly that she was being unfair. My transgression didn't deserve her to kick me. It was so mean—or that's how I saw it, you know—she was, after all, an adult, which meant she could kick harder than I.
"Yes, actually, I am," Sherlock says, completely unrepentant of his impatience. "John and I have things to do."
, John thought. He moved to intercept whoever was about to come down those stairs, but Sherlock grabbed him by the wrist and yanked him back.
"I expected animosity, broken crockery, and small European countries being invaded in a fit of pique."
As soon as Mycroft had acquired enough influence in government to suit his fancy, he'd abdicated as heir apparent. Sherlock had only been nineteen at the time, and the idea of himself inheriting everything when his parents died had seemed like a
I oblige him because he is a genius, a god, the only person capable of reducing me to such a shameless state of pure sensation and love him, and oh god
"Oh, well, good on you," Eurus mutters and sticks her tongue out at her sister, but there's no real venom in her voice. Sherrinford shoos the girls away.
—willing to give more, but since then you've not—there's nothing in your behavior that would indicate—I would've said it before now, had I believed it would make any difference in the end."
but I couldn't tell if it was meant as a challenge or simple defiance. I ignored it and started up again with the crop.
"What happened to seven different scenarios and three different places on my body to warm up your hands?" John asked.
Although the sale of the farm pays off my remaining mortgage on the farm, the profit is less than I'd hoped by about £50,000. Still, I'll walk away with six figures. I invest the bulk of it and put enough in my new London bank account to cover rent and expenses for a year, and then I hire an estate agent to find me a decent, but inexpensive flat.
and John had taken it away, crumpled it up, and shoved it in the pocket of his trousers. Then he'd asked Sherlock for his mobile and entered his new contact information, erasing the old. Sherlock had nodded again, accepting his mobile back, and thanked John for coming to the funeral and being supportive. John had left with a sour feeling in the pit of his gut, but now that he knew Sherlock had a wife, father, brother, daughter, uncles, and cousins to help him out—not to mention Mrs. Hudson—he felt his obligation to Sherlock at an end. If Sherlock needed John, specifically, he could call.
"John, please, listen to me," Mycroft said, putting up his hands as though he was trying to keep John in the room.
"Fine, fine," Sherlock says, not entirely serious in his protestations. "Let's go open gifts. But later, after we've put in the minimum time requirement for
. Maybe he'd even bring Audrey up, let Sherlock know that she had seemed worried about Sherlock. If Sherlock looked like his normal self, he'd definitely bring Audrey up. If he didn’t, then he'd say the other, about not hearing back from him Saturday night. Yes—that's exactly how he would play it.
At the end, Audrey says she'll take the day off the following day and she and Sherlock can talk while Louisa is at school, but Chapter 3 and 4 take place on a Friday. I've corrected the line so that Audrey instead says she'll take Louisa to her mother's house.
"Stop interrupting me, you git," John said, his voice dripping with affection, and my toes curled with happiness to hear it.
. It's shorter than a normal horse crop, only eighteen inches. Do you see this bit of leather on the end?" I asked, rubbing it between my fingers. "This is called the
usually talk to about stuff that you have to talk about in private. I took Dad up to my room (because I had taken the box up to my room) and asked Dad What is this ring for? He told me I was
"Yeah," said John shrugging. "Happy stories. Sad stories. Funny stories. Any stories." Sherlock felt a little lost—where to start? Finally, after the silence had gone for too long, John said, "Here—why don't you tell me what your first memory was?" and Sherlock nodded, relieved, and gave a slight smile.
"I've seen you be cruel," John says to Sherlock and squeezes hot tears from his eyes before opening them up wide, blinking. "But that is the cruelest thing you could ever do to me."
He couldn't fault Toby for the desire to lick John, nor the look of worship Toby gave to him when he'd sat back.
"What do you mean?" John asked. It was his turn to turn to the side so he could face Sherlock, his head propped on his hand.
"I imagine the subsequent generations shed their French background as quickly as possible. After all, Holmes is hardly a French name. Come now, John, surely you have more questions. In the car you were practically bouncing with curiosity."
lots of memories of the two of them, you know. I mean, there are a few, of course, but most of it—" John cleared his throat and swallowed. "Most of it is just, you know, a, um—a consolidated memory, I guess you could say, of our day to day life. It changed very abruptly after they died, so I have very strong memories from the time we learned they'd been in an accident, and the months, year afterwards. It's always bothered me, that. Having bad memories instead of good ones. In medical school, when I did my psyche rotation—a man, one of the doctors in my year—told me or maybe I just overheard him talking to someone else—I don't actually remember. Anyway, he said that we're more likely to retain clear memories of events that cause strong emotion, whether that emotion is positive or negative. I think that—you know, we'd just had a very normal life, no bumps in the road. Small rebellions, especially when we got into our teens, but nothing that would stand out. I loved them. We were a happy family—a boring family."
like I've known him more than seven hours), but there's something about orgasm that makes people look either stupid or otherworldly and Sherlock's reaction is otherworldly. It's like I've captured some exotic fey creature who masquerades as human, but turns into leaves if anyone speaks or something like that.
questions because we (meaning John and Dad) can at least give her (meaning me) the correct information. John was very serious when he said this and there was loads of other stuff he said but I
when the offense was committed. He knew that from the army and had more personal experience through his alcoholic sister, Harry, and her partner, Clara. Whenever Harry's drinking became more than she could bear, and begged Harry to stop, Harry would just tell Clara,
of this shit, he immediately started planning for his death. He wasn't committing suicide—he was opting out of life. That's it. If life was a gift, he was telling the universe
He jerked his head up. "Yeah, I still don't get how the power can be mine when you're going to be the one whipping me with the crop," he said hotly.
John was beginning to worry his skin would stay permanently red and hot if he continued to blush at his current rate. "Um—"
is going on with you and Sherlock?" she asks, and the tone of her voice gives John the disconcerting feeling that he's in trouble.
So I indulge myself. I reach out and touch his hair. It's not as soft as I thought it would be. A bit coarse, actually. It still feels amazing. I grip a bit of hair, not tightly, just enough to tug to let him know I want him to move closer. He does and I meet him in the middle. Before we settle again, my fingers are already tracing his pale skin. There's only a half moon in the sky, but the automatic plug light in the bathroom gives off enough illumination for me to see his outline at least. I wish I could just reach over and switch on the lamp, so I could see him properly. He's right gorgeous, he is, and I'd give anything to be able to take my time exploring his naked body in sunlight, but I know that's not allowed. That makes it sound like there are rules, but I don't think it's so much that there's
Sherlock stared at the floor, wringing his hands. "I've been an absolute shit father the last month."
"No, it's fine," John said, shaking his head. "I'm not making fun of you, I just—I mean, I learned to read when I was five. I figured you would be, like, three or something when you learned how to read."
They melted together with the ease of long time lovers even though it had been five months when they'd last kissed and only a month before that when they met. When they came up for air, John said, "God, I missed you," the words escaping on a heartfelt groan. Sherlock knew that he could throw all his doubts out the window. He and John belonged together,
"Watch," John said and Sherlock didn't have to look at him to see that he was smiling because he could hear it in his voice. When Toby turned his attention to John, he went to jump, and John immediately lifted his knee up so that Toby bounced off of it and back to the floor. Toby jumped again, and again John blocked him with his knee. The third time, he blocked him with his knee and then turned bodily to the side. To Sherlock it looked like John was snubbing Toby and he wanted to protest, but then Toby sat on the floor, tongue lolling, making the soft but guttural
Immediately Sherlock turned to John. He was beginning to cry—John had never seen Sherlock cry. He looked achingly young, even child-like as his chin dimpled and his full lips pursed and pouted, those lips that were blushed with blood from kissing
be a chance for us to get back together?" Sherlock asked, and then winced, not knowing that was coming out of his mouth until it was already too late. "I'm sorry, I don't know why I said that."
"Stunning," I whispered, my hand aching to lay into that gorgeous arse. John mightn't have been all the way erect, but
I want to tell him to stop trying to climb the side, but the wind is blowing too loudly—the wind is always blowing too loudly out on the moors—so I don't waste time or body heat. I just get to work attaching the harness to the winch. Then I climb into the back of the Wagon, dig through my emergency box and drag out two fleece blankets, some instant pocket warmers, two old towels, and water, and lay them out on a plastic tarp I have spread out. I took all the seats out when I bought it five years ago so there's plenty of room for me to lay him down if he's injured.
He was hurt, of course, and even more so when, on a Friday halfway through the month, John told him he had to work a ten hour shift at the clinic the next day, and was going straight home (be which he meant the tiny attic flat he rented in Chiswick). Furthermore, he and Harry were having Sunday lunch with their aunt to celebrate her ninetieth birthday. (This was the aunt who'd moved in with them when their parents died). Then Monday, John had to work
"John, stop apologizing. You haven't offended me. And you're right about my genius siblings. They get it all from Mum. She's a world-renowned mathematician and Eurus takes after her, though her field of study is computer science. Mycroft is a genius at strategy and observation. Charysa is an artist of multiple talents, all of which she has the ability to perform at a professional level. Dad and I? We're the normal ones. I'm just a headmistress at a girls' boarding school and Dad's never claimed to be anything other than what he is—a country squire."
The man on the other end of the phone sighed, but John was not so stunned that he didn't notice this sigh was different from all the other sighs John had heard Mycroft make. It wasn't cynical or condescending. No, this was the sigh of a weary man. Had he heard a hitch in that sigh?
difference between JUST LOVE and IN LOVE. Was it that you had sex with the person you are IN LOVE with? Dad
as I'm stroking myself to a second orgasm, and John says, "That's it, let me hear you, god, Sherlock,
Teasing laughter and jeers accompany them as they gather up their gifts and set them aside to be brought upstairs later. Sherlock grabs his snowglobe, but John leaves the laptop so that Eurus won't feel tempted to interrupt them in order to set it up.
Audrey sat up and held her hands out to him, waiting for him to grasp them. Instead, he reached down and grabbed his dressing gown and pulled it on as he sat and then stood, stepping away from the bed.
John sighed. He put one hand on his hip and rubbed the other on his forehead, looking down at his feet. This was one of his
"It's good to see you again, John," Evelyn says, and holds out her hand. John shakes it automatically, frowning in consternation.
"God, I don't know—twice is the most I've ever done," Andrew said, taking one hand off the wall to push back his sweaty hair from his forehead.
He presses his lips against mine, a chaste first kiss—a simple brush of the lips, and his tongue darting out to briefly taste my top lip. I let my arms slide around his waist, and pull him close. John is a
Mycroft keeps his eyes on John as he says, "My family would like to extend an invitation to spend Christmas—"
To the left is a green baize topped table upon which is spread an unfinished puzzle. Everyone but Mycroft and Will are working on it. It's a pool table, John realizes, clearly only temporarily co-opted as a surface for putting puzzles together because the wall behind it holds a rack for cues. On the right, a short marble bar with a wine refrigerator sits in the corner and next to it are double French doors that open onto another room, an atrium of sorts it seems. John glimpses glossy dark green leaves sprouting from smooth green brown trunks so slim they're almost delicate.
hadn't. I didn't know about Geoff, but I suspected he hadn't. Sitting in the quiet corner of an empty room at the club, I watched Geoff cry softly and began to doubt everything. How could I hope to navigate something as tricky as a D/s relationship with
I changed the title of chapter 6 to "Run From Each Other" because it didn't make sense to call it "Forgive Each Other" anymore. I didn't call this chapter "Forgive Each Other" either because I did a major rewrite of this chapter and the theme of forgiveness is more subtly threaded through the remaining chapters.
I felt like I had been starving without knowing it and John's mouth and hands weren't feeding me fast enough. His hands and his lips became rougher; I responded in kind. Our lips had gone beyond mere kissing—our mouths were bruising each other in the desire to be closer and closer still, to bridge every minute gap between them. All I could hear was our ragged breathing and the wet sounds of our mouths as they came apart and together over and over. I pulled away from the kiss to press my mouth against his carotid, feeling it hammer against my lips, his racing heart keeping pace with my own. I dug my fingers into the skin at his waist drawing a hiss from him. He pressed his forehead against mine while we tried to catch our breath.
"You asked a yes or no question, John, and I answered it. Now it's your turn to answer me. How many fingers?" Sherlock asks and gives John an expectant look.
Before John can protest or ask for more details, she's turned away and moving down the hallway towards the stairs. He opens his mouth to beg off, but she cuts him off without even turning around. "And, no, you can't get out of it! We invited you to spend Christmas
When he looked back up, his eyes were immediately drawn to Dr. Watson, and found Watson watching him back. They both averted their eyes immediately, and Watson refocused his attention on the woman speaking. Sherlock took advantage and watched, with giddy delight, the sudden change in the doctor's easy posture. He crossed his arms, pulled his lips in over his teeth—his left leg began to jiggle and then—again—his eyes flicked to Sherlock's. This time they held each other's gaze. It was only a few seconds but it was enough to make it clear to Sherlock that the attraction was mutual. Sherlock took a deep breath and told himself sternly he was here for Toby, not to hook up for sex, but his prickly, too-hot skin suggested killing two birds with one stone.
I stand, palms sweating, on the doorstep of 221 Baker Street, staring at the glossy black door. I've just rung the buzzer and now I'm waiting for him to answer the door. It's dark out and the streets are full of people on this winter night. Despite the cold, I'm full of a hot buzz.
Later he told me that there are some questions he will not answer like How do you get rid of a body? That is the kind of question Dad would ask, lol.
I chuckled darkly. "Rise to your knees, and I will serve at your leisure, my lord," I said sweetly, then snaked my way down his body.
Confusion and desolation roil in John's gut. "I don't know what to say," he murmurs weakly and rubs both hands over his mouth.
He'd stepped into the shower, and when the warm water hit him, he was overcome with fatigue, the bone-deep exhaustion of the very depressed. There had been times in his life that he'd wanted to kill himself simply because he was
"Now that everything is sorted, let's all come back inside so we can get started," Mycroft said, a pale version of his usual officious self.
shocked and I told them to open them at the same time so they did. Dad said to John I was going to ask you to marry me! and John said to Dad I was going to ask YOU to marry ME! and then there were LOTS of
"I'm sorry to hear it," John said, voice low and sincere, but hard enough to make sure Mycroft knew that his sympathy only extended so far, "but I'm not sure why you're asking me to go."
"She won't notice you've texted until hours from now, Sherlock. If you don't believe me, call her. Or call Sherrinford—she's at home for the holiday break."
He could pack his bag and leave now, sneak out while everyone else is still asleep, but he won't. He might be a coward when it comes to opening up his heart, but he would never show that kind of disrespect to Will and Violet.
"Yes, just terrible to meet under these circumstances, don't you think?" Agnes remarked, sharing another look with her sister, this one unreadable.
"What am I to you, Sherlock?" he asks in a low, furious voice. "Why did you tell your mother you shouldn't have brought me here? Is it because you didn't want me getting
me, but the power exchange doesn't work out, for any number of reasons, but I won't go into them or we'll end up with a tree of possibilities I'll need a whiteboard to keep track of—"
John sighed with a combination of exasperation and defeat. He turned around and looked Sherlock in the eye, and said, "Last night, you said
"My expertise? Expertise in what—sheep farming? And I can't live with you. I, uh, already rented a flat."
After everything had been moved in, and both men had hydrated themselves, they went into the sitting room so John could turn on the gas fire and warm up their fingers and toes. Sherlock was right behind him so when John stopped abruptly, Sherlock ran into him.
Sherlock grimaced and began to open his mouth, but John surged forward and managed to wrestle the both of them onto the bed so that he was straddling Sherlock's thighs, both of them clad only in their trousers.
John, abruptly alert and wide eyed, pulled himself up to sitting and leaned away from Sherlock as though he'd just said he was going to breathe fire at any moment.
The third night, Oasis met me in Soho to give me the information I'd asked for on the victim, Shelly Cleary. Oasis gave me two names and I texted them to Greg, gave him Oasis's name and the address of the club, and gratefully washed my hands of the whole thing.
"Yeah, but, you can't say that doesn't make you smarter than most people, coming from this family," John says diplomatically.
"Mum liked to tell me that I didn't sleep through the night until I was three, but I could take a nap during the day anywhere, regardless of how uncomfortable it was, or whether it was loud and bright."
"See? We're destined for each other!" Sherlock said, then—realizing how it sounded, amended, "Destined to be flatmates, I mean."
was laughable. And laugh Sherlock did all the way through university. Upon his graduation, his parents told him that he was expected to
"Really, Sherlock?" Mycroft says, clearly not expecting an answer. He rubs his fingertips across his brow in a gesture John himself often makes when exasperated with Sherlock.
Sherrinford obligingly hands out a long, flat package and it gets passed to Sherlock who then puts it in John's lap.
"Only that he'd fucked it all up between you two, which is bullshit of course. He's sitting on a bench in the orchard looking like a child who woke up on Christmas Day to find that everyone received presents except him. Actually, he looks like Santa came and took a big, steaming shit right at his feet."
John is still fucking rabidly into me, and every slam of his hips into my arse pushes a high and reedy moan out of my throat.
John's phone rang, startling him out of sleep. He fumbled it off the nightstand, saw that it was an unknown number and declined the call. After he'd moved out of 221 Baker Street two and a half weeks ago, he had changed his phone number and email address, as well as deleted his blog. He'd always known in the back of his head that if Sherlock did something to make John leave, John would do it properly. Sherlock was too good at offering temptation, and he tempted John more than most.
"You're gonna want to talk about this," John said, rubbing his hand over his mouth. He'd been drinking, but he wasn't drunk.
"Well, no—not those exact words, you know," she admits with a grimace. "Like I said, though—it's obvious. Have you ever seen the way he looks at you? No, of course not, if you doubt what I'm saying," she mumbles to herself. Speaking to him again, she says, "He looks at you with such longing. And he talks about you
probably know what the chemical symbols were without looking them up on the periodic table but if he
Sherlock tried not to let out the shivery groan that was worming its way up his throat. He was absolutely
"Jesus," John says and rubs his hands over his face. Mortified, he springs up from his chair and turns with an intent to go. He doesn't know where, just
"Okay, okay, this isn't couples therapy here," Oasis said, waving her hands at us. "But look. Sherlock. If you're gonna go for John, you have to
As he lies in bed that night, trying to sleep, John can't help but ruminate on why Sherlock had been so freaked out about John accepting the invitation to come here. He would understand if Sherlock's family were horrible or embarrassing, but they're fun and welcoming. In fact, as soon as he was near his family, Sherlock's whole body lost the tension he'd been holding on the drive here.
"You were magnificent," I gush, rubbing my sweaty cheek up against his, and then, gently admonishing, I murmur, "And you were worried I would get bored. Such an idiot."
"And that's what I am, Sherlock," John said somberly, making sure Sherlock was looking him in the eyes. "I don't want there to be any misunderstanding between us. Starting today, I would like us to be
His mouth opens against mine and he moves his lips slow, languid, sweet. Then alarm spreads through me, and the desperation comes roaring back. I let out a noise, a moan, a whimper and Sherlock pulls back. He stands up and looks at me, head cocked like he's confused about my reaction. He steps back, offers me a tangled smile and whispers, "Good night, John."
in order to be there for him. He didn't have to be Sherlock's lover to offer him solace today. Today, Sherlock needed John to be his
That’s how he’d ended up with Toby, a part German Shepherd, part Labrador Retriever mutt with a nose of such exquisite usefulness that Sherlock found himself paying £3,000 for it.
"Says the man at the door," Sherlock said, still catching his breath. A few seconds later, the doorbell buzzed.
"John," Sherlock said softly. John was going to be forced to look, wasn't he? The three of them couldn't stand here forever, frozen in this tableau. Finally he turned, looked at Sherlock, and saw the things he'd missed because he was too distracted by Sherlock's wild eyes and desperate pleas. The mussed hair. The lack of clothes under his dressing gown. His lips slightly swollen and red—
"DI Lestrade—" Sherlock began, then turned on his side to face John. "Do you know him? I assume you've worked with some of the officers in the Met."
Two hours later, Sherlock had put the last of the sheets tainted with the evidence of his betrayal in the dryer. He had already folded and put away the rest in the linen closet. His dressing gown would have to be sent out for dry cleaning, although he suspected a good airing-out would be all it needed for John's nose to approve it as Audrey-free. Sherlock could smell it, though. Could smell
John strokes his cheekbones and matches the intensity of Sherlock's gaze. "Yours," he promises again, voice gentle. "Always."
My goal was to bring the blood up to the skin in a gradual darkening from pink to magenta. Unless, of course, John called
I've spent the last nearly nine months in the process of selling my farm and it has been an exhausting ordeal and I've put myself through it without any guarantee that Sherlock Holmes will want anything to do with me. Perhaps I'm no more than a pleasant memory for him and my arriving at his front door to declare my love will end in discomfort for him and humiliation for me.
My command center on the sofa was meant to make him think I was delving deeply into the case, but I wasn't. I'd already completed what I could for the case in the cab. I'd sent a text to the only two people from the club who I could trust to keep their silence—Geoff, my occasional lover and the sub I did most of my scenes with; and Oasis, the co-owner of The Red Hand, the woman who taught me how to be a Dom. I included a photo of the victim, and asked them to get back to me if they knew anything about her or who she spent time with at the club.
between him and Dr. Watson. Staying after class to talk to him about dog training was one thing. Staying after class to discuss where they might have what was bound to be an incredibly good shag was quite another thing, a
John rolls his eyes, but goes with it, seeing the worth in what she's saying. "Because they did something wrong, or something illegal and don't want to be caught."
. "Oh, it's us!" Sherlock exclaims and holds it up, probably intending to show it around, but his movement disturbs the fake snow, obscuring the miniature tableau inside. Sherlock frowns. "Oh, that's annoying. You'll have to come here if you want a look because otherwise it's just going to be all snowy."
Louisa laughed and, when he put her down, asked, "What are you doing here?" Her hazel eyes—Audrey's color but the same shape as his—sparkled with excitement.
His mother found him because she'd been looking for help moving some junk out of one of the spare rooms. She was going to turn it into an art room.  Sherlock had forgotten he'd promised to help her. He'd been hiding his desire to die pretty well, and once he'd had a plan, he'd actually become downright cheerful.
John didn't know how to make Sherlock understand what it had felt like, to be terrified beyond reason that the man you loved and were beginning to think loved you back had purposefully put himself in danger of being
Sherlock sat up straight, and lifted his eyebrows, wondering where to start. "She was compassionate but not—"
is charming. I've forgotten what we were talking about, but I'll be dammed if I let John know it, and anyway, he seals my silence (or, at least, my ability to form actual words) when he tilts my chin up, ducks his head,  and licks his way from my Adam's apple to where my neck meets up with my shoulder, right over my pulse. I automatically tilt my head back, inviting him to take what he wants. His tongue begins swirling its way up my throat to my ear.
I scramble to obey. John manhandles me further into position and, when he's satisfied, I'm on my forearms, arse in the air, legs spread widely to account for the height difference, cock bouncing obscenely every time we shift on the mattress. He grabs each half of my arse and kneads them, fingers digging into the flesh, making me groan weakly. I think I hear him growling right before he buries his face in my arse and I lose track of everything else except this—John's tongue and lips and fingers and the always pulsing need that I feel in my balls and my arse and my cock. John mercilessly drives the notes of my voice higher and breathier and with each whimper and squeak, each unmanly, undignified sound that falls from my lips, he growls louder and snarls harder, and attacks my arsehole as though it's a recalcitrant army private that he's been personally tasked by the Queen herself to beat into fighting order.
"No, Sherlock," John said in a slow, heavy voice. "I'm not angry. Well, I am. Yes. But I'm too tired right now to be angry. I'm too tired to be anything except—
The street door was locked, and, of course, John no longer had a key so he rang the buzzer. It was at least a minute before Mrs. Hudson answered it. She looked tired, worn down, older than he remembered. She was so shocked to see him that she stood there for a few seconds with her mouth hanging open before she greeted him and ushered him inside.
She sighed and set her cup on the side table next to her chair, then got up and walked to him. Slowly, she wrapped her arms around him, and he clung to her. It wasn't long before he felt the dampness of Audrey's tears against his neck and he squeezed her against him in the shared sorrow of the loss of a marriage that had died without taking their affection for each other with it. It confused things, still loving someone you once thought yourself
"John," I said impatiently. "I understand your curiosity, but you're missing the larger point. I've just confessed I'm in love with you. This is usually the part where you would say,
"Good," I say slowly, nodding my head twice. "And just for the record—I need you, too. And I—I wouldn't have just walked away—but I understand why you might—" I struggle with the rest of the sentence while John watches me curiously. Finally, I spit out, "—want to see
speaking. I'm married, uh, metaphorically. I already said that, didn't I? Sorry, I'm. To my work, that is. Married to my work. It hasn't, well, left much room for—
When John and I walked onto the crime scene, I immediately recognized the victim. I'd never spoken to her, but we'd frequented the same club, the type of club where one can engage in certain predilections not shared by most of the public. Membership in the club included signing a nondisclosure agreement since the activities enjoyed therein were viewed by the population at large as laughably bizarre (at best) or deviant and dangerous (at worst). I found myself blushing just thinking about the club in the presence of Greg and John. (Especially John).
As expected, the minute he unlocked the street door, he could hear Toby scratching at the door and barking. Mrs. Hudson had not been keen on him having a dog until she met him. Toby had climbed up on the couch next to her, settled his head in her lap and looked up with eyes full of adoration and she was persuaded otherwise. But Sherlock still winced when Toby barked and scratched at the front door when he heard someone coming in from the street.
. He stood abruptly, and said, "Excuse me," to Mrs. Hudson, but didn't wait for her to move before stepping as gingerly as he could
John. As to what I believe will happen, there are at least four scenarios that come to mind, should I be so bold as to confess to John my secret BDSM desires which now include my desire to tie him up, bend him over my bed, spank him and then fuck him. Scenario number one—the confession makes him uncomfortable, his discomfort erodes our friendship, and he leaves. Scenario number two—he's not uncomfortable, but he's not interested in either BDSM or myself, and certainly not the two of us together, and the resultant awkwardness erodes our friendship and he leaves. Scenario number three—he's interested in BDSM, but not me, and the resultant awkwardness of his rejection erodes our friendship and he leaves. Scen—"
, to go somewhere nobody knew him. He wasn't ready for university, though. Oh, I don't mean the academics, which he found easy. The rest of it, though—the social pressures, the need to fit in. Whether he couldn't or wouldn't, I don't know, but he was kicked out at the beginning of his second year for drugs. He was angry and depressed and refused to explain what happened. Mum and Dad sent him to rehab—" She closes her eyes, her face pinched and sorrowful, then opens them and continues. "My darling little brother—he was barely eighteen years old! When he got out, he moved back home for two years. Eurus and Charysa were almost two by then and Sherlock—much to everyone's surprise—
to lie to her, but when it came to knowing everything, Oasis was like a benevolent version of Mycroft, if Mycroft had an actual personality. (And was female, Mexican, short and fat, and had a tragic lack of fashion sense).
to be turned on by John telling Toby he wanted a snog on the sofa and maybe a bit more. God, a lot more, that's what Sherlock wanted. He wanted it
All I could do was offer a quiet apology, and while Geoff and I stared at each other, both knowing our relationship had just come to an abrupt end, Oasis broke in again.
"I'll gradually hit harder and harder, so that after about seventy-five, warm will become hot, and the heat will keep rising until after about a hundred it will feel like
At a loss, John apologizes. Violet, who's three inches taller than John and outweighs him by at least two stone, pulls him into a bone-crushing hug.
with worry! I don't know Greg's number or Mycroft's or anyone else—the only three people in my phone are you, Harry, and Mrs. Hudson! If you were hurt—or worse—do you think anyone would even know to
"Are you here to hand out some emotional blackmail, Mycroft? Because that's what it sounds like to me."
Sherlock looked away and couldn't answer. He stood up, not wanting to stay seated while John was standing. He cleared his throat and decided there wasn't any point in holding off the inevitable. He let out a deep sigh, steeling himself, then turned to John. "There have been—indiscretions on my part during my marriage to Audrey. At first, I considered you just that." John scoffed and shook his head in disbelief but Sherlock held up his hand. "Please, John. You asked me a question, so allow me to answer. Believe me when I say that what I'm about to tell you paints me in an even worse light than what you already see.
Slowly, I take his hand and shake it, then nod, my smile—when I can finally force it out—watery and weak. "Take care of yourself, Sherlock," I manage.
When he was anxious, on the other hand, he got dressed and left the flat, walking aimlessly around London, smoking until he couldn't stand the taste of his own mouth and felt dehydrated. Then he would stop wherever he was, and locate the nearest shop or restaurant so he could buy himself something to drink.
Still, it's cowardice that prevents me from striding into the sitting room with confidence, and forces me to peek around the corner of the kitchen to see if John's around, but he's not. The flat is silent. I strain to hear if John's in his room, but there's nothing. Just the sounds of traffic and people outside. I try to ignore my disappointment. I meander sullenly through the kitchen. The shopping has been put away, and my scientific equipment has been neatly herded into separate piles. The washing up has been done, the dishes already dry where they sit on the drainboard. The gas is turned low in the fireplace—it hadn't been on when John came home.
"You've done so beautifully," I cooed, and kissed his eyebrows, his cheeks. "So perfect and gorgeous. I'm going to untie you now."
He wondered why everyone around Sherlock seemed to think that John was being silly not to have forgiven him and moved back in so that things could continue as they had before. Naturally, this made John very suspicious of anyone associated with Sherlock and their motives in trying to hook them back up. Sherlock was surrounded by people who loved him. John was not. John's mother
on sex, not leaving the bed for the first twenty-four hours except to get something to eat and drink or to use the bathroom.
"Sherlock?" John asked, looking back and forth between the woman and his lover. "Tell me what's going on. Who is this woman?" John turned to her, angry, worried over Sherlock's erratic and desperate behavior. "Who are you and what do you want?"
later, they lay side by side on their backs. Like they had when removing their shoes, they occasionally shared a diffident smile, but this time those smiles were laced with smug satisfaction. Sherlock felt like they were two boys who'd been up to no good and gotten away with it.
Sophia is a HUGE camera hog. When you break out your camera, she always strikes a pose. My kids made a meme out of this photo:
Mrs. Hudson nods towards the electric kettle in the corner and then she points at a cabinet next to the sink. "Mugs are in there. Tea bags should be in that tin right there."
"Yeah, I was getting to that, thanks. I, um—shit, this is so embarrassing. Okay, I think I'm in love—well, no, I
Still bent slightly, he stroked the inside of her thighs with his thumbs, just under the swell of her vulva, her cotton underwear the only barrier between them. They watched each other. Then, she drew in a quiet breath and said his name on a whisper of a sigh, and he staggered with an intense flash of desire. He dropped to his knees, yanking Audrey's knickers down with impatience. She gasped, shocked, and her hands gripped Sherlock's hair painfully as she struggled to keep her balance. He wrapped his arms around her thighs, pressing his face into the dark hair between her legs.
It was the longest Sherlock would go without seeing John since he'd first come to Sherlock's rescue on the twelfth of June. Sherlock took the news without any outward display of emotion, but inside he felt anxiety spiraling up, gaining momentum.
"You've been fidgeting and running in stops and starts for the last two days. So, what is it that you're worried about."
"Men," he says, and I lift my head up above the bar and say, "Excuse me?" only it comes out more of a croak. He smiles, sultry as fuck, and says, "My preference is men. You, on the other hand, are bisexual, but I don't think you have much experience with men." He takes a deep breath and claps his hands together. "As for wine, I prefer dry."
John's body was already flushed but now all the blood reddening his skin makes him so hot he begins to perspire. He gulps, then mumbles, "Yeah, that was—right. Go ahead, then?"
When he works a fingertip in alongside his tongue, I've already spent an eternity nonsensical, and I don't realize John has stopped until he dribbles cold lube on my already slack hole.
. Know that he needed to interview this person again. Know that he needed to go back to the crime scene. Know that there was
The Scots—especially the highlanders—are very big on ancestral heritage. In their own way, they can be snobbier than the English aristocracy, if much coarser.
"Good, good," John said without looking at him and then there was silence. John didn't seem to be looking at anything. His eyes were fixed down and to the side where a stack of his medical journals sat on the floor.
a fool. And because he made a fool out of me, I told him Penny was an ugly cow with spots, that I hoped she broke his heart, and that I never wanted to speak to him again."
When they get upstairs, Sherlock suddenly takes off, pushing past John into the suite. When John walks in, Sherlock has disappeared. Then the sound of Sherlock ransacking John's room reaches him. He hurries that way and then stops in the doorway to find Sherlock throwing things into John's duffle bag.
He nodded his head and I stroked my fingers through his hair before leaning forward for a soft kiss. John brought his hands up, but I grabbed his wrists before he could put his arms around me. "Don't touch me without permission."
"Would you like some tea? Or, since you're tired, I can make some chamomile tea. We still have chamomile, right?"
himself the space they needed to come to terms with what had happened in the past thirty-two hours. (The urge to ring John was almost unbearable, but he would bear it. For John, he would do anything.
Out of nowhere, I felt tears prick my eyes at the tenderness and thoughtless trust behind the gesture. I kissed the top of his head, uncaring of the sweat-dampened hair.
A slow grin spread across John's face. "Am I?" he asked, and then reached for the keys in Sherlock's hand. Sherlock tipped them out onto his open palm and John stepped against Sherlock to tuck the keys into his coat pocket. Sherlock watched, mesmerized, feeling the warm, lazy curl of arousal diffuse through his body like vapor, as John took his other hand, the gloved one, and began, finger by finger, unveiling the hand beneath. When it was off, he tucked that, too, into Sherlock's coat pocket. Next, John pushed Sherlock's coat off his shoulders and took the opportunity to ruck up Sherlock's scarf and suck a kiss at the base of his throat while he did so. Sherlock gasped, eyes sliding shut, standing perfectly still while John slipped around to Sherlock's back and pulled the coat all the way off, then hung it on a hook by the door. Next was Sherlock's scarf. John untucked it and then pulled it gently off Sherlock's neck. He hung it over the hook where he'd put the coat.
"Then I suppose Jimmy Dawson will give us a ride home," Will says with a laugh and claps his son on the back. He looks over at John and winks. "John, how do you feel about caroling?"
The next night, I repeated my performance. I dressed as though I was on the prowl, told John I was going through my list of BDSM clubs, and then breezed off, pretending not to hear his questions about where I was going, what I knew, and—most difficult for me to ignore—whether I needed his presence.
a lot and when it was time to put the tree up, Grandad cried and said that Nana loved to decorate for Christmas. That made me cry too because Grandad is always happy but he's been sad since Nana died. Even though Nana is not here with us I am excited because I know what Dad and John bought for each other but they do not know! So I am the only one who knows! So I bet you want to know what there presents are? Well you will have to wait because there is a story behind it.
what I wanted and exactly how to say it, but I didn't want John to recoil in shock or, worse, disgust.
) during that initial, shocking, meeting at Bart's how it would play out between them. After everything had fallen to shit, he wondered why Sherlock had allowed things to progress as they did. If John had known, would
be seeing them. As for why Mycroft invited you, I suspect he was only the messenger and that my family sent him to force my hand."
"Listen to me, John," Sherlock hissed, the fear and desperation in his eyes dispelling every bit of fatigue in John's body. "You have to
"Excuse me," John mumbles, very carefully turning to go, walking past everyone, ignoring the call of his name. His steps speed up when he gets to the front door, and then he's through it, running out into the cold wet night, heart hammering against his rib cage.
"Mycroft learned to read when he was three," Sherlock said with a sulky face. John laughed louder than Sherlock thought his revelation warranted, and when Sherlock frowned even more, John said, "It's just—I mean, I get why you two are so competitive."
The slapping sound of the leather meeting his skin became loud in the room as I put more effort into each swing. I didn't count each blow as it landed because I relied on the color of his skin to tell me when I should increase the power of each strike of the crop or if I should stop to check the temperature of his skin. My internal counter told me I had landed at least seventy or eighty blows by this point. It sounded like a lot, but with a light implement like a crop, one or two hundred hits was not uncommon.
"What about the second bedroom at the flat?" John asks, trying for cheeky so that Sherlock doesn't see through John's insecurity about what their arrangements will be like once they're back home. "Will we still need that one?"
John takes a deep breath and lets it out in fake disheartenment. "Pretty damning evidence, I'd say."
As expected, the skin began to blush. John hadn't made any noise yet, not that I was expecting him to. It was still too early for it to hurt. After the spanking area achieved a light pink, I began using a heavier hand which added the weight of the leather knob into which the flapper was sewn. That would create a deeper bruise.
, he thought. There was no reason for him to be here, and he regretted coming. He should've listened to the sensible part of his brain that had told him,
"I'm fine," John said with a knowing grin that made Sherlock scowl. John's grin turned filthy and he continued, "Although, you might want to grab a large glass of water. You'll need it when I'm through with you."
John snorted in disbelief so loudly that several people around him turned to look at him, their faces portraying a range of emotions from curious to indignant. John shrugged at all of them, and wished he had not come. He didn't want to have a conversation with Mrs. Hudson about his relationship with Sherlock while at Sherlock's mother's funeral.
They're bobbing their heads in unison and wearing matching smiles. John just stares at them in horror, causing their happy faces to darken.
But the idea of taking his thirty-eight year old self off to have sex with a twenty-four year old in the flat he shared with two other men in their early twenties, just made him feel dirty—and not in a good way. The idea of bringing the kid back
Sherrinford grins over her cup of tea before she takes a sip. "Yes, well, he's always had a tendency to go about protecting Sherlock in the way most likely to trigger Sherlock's stubbornness. That, in turn, made Mycroft sneakier and more heavy-handed in the way he took care of Sherlock, which I'm sure you can guess was very damaging to Sherlock's pride. He wanted Mycroft to admire him the way he admired Mycroft, and the fact that Mycroft
had made it clear—that Toby would not be the world’s only Consulting Dog Detective as far as the Metropolitan Police were concerned unless he was put through the training program and furthermore, since the program was so expensive, Sherlock would be paying for it himself.
Sherlock had discovered that he had, in fact, an awfully specific type of man he was attracted to and John Watson bore not even a passing resemblance to that type, and yet—
"Does that mean you forgive me?" I ask him when he pulls away. He strokes my cheek with his fingertips, watching them trace down my jaw, before he lifts his eyes back to mine, and says, "There's nothing to forgive. I'm the one who made a hash of things. I let myself get scared. Take off your clothes."
John sighs with feeling then, shrugging, jumps into the fray. "Didn't think you had a family. I always imagined the two of you hatched from eggs. Like snakes."
"I love you," Sherlock whispered, his heart quick to usher the words out of his mouth before his brain could catch up. Only Sherlock would've been able to see the smile in John's eyes, the softening of his lips and jaw. John reached behind and cupped his hand around the back of Sherlock's head, then brought their foreheads together, and whispered, "I love you, too."
"The thing that Evelyn and I made," Eurus says, coming to finagle a spot close to John, trying unsuccessfully to hip check Sherlock out of the way. "Is a dictation program. We wrote it, Evelyn and I."
I put my violin and bow away, and then turn around and say, "John, it's time we discussed your desire to have sex with me." I'm pleased by the look of shock on his face, and even more pleased by the way he grips the legs of his trousers when I take off my dressing gown, and let it slither off my arms as I step towards him, my eyes never leaving his. I slide my hand up under my shirt, slowly trailing fingers across my stomach, which is sensitive, and then up further to my chest, where I graze a thumb over my right nipple. The gasp of pleasure and the way my eyes slide momentarily closed are not exaggerated. John's eyes darken with arousal, and his tongue comes out to slide along his bottom lip. When I take my other hand, and trace the line of my erection with the tips of my fingers on the outside of my bottoms, he bites his lip, and I find myself longing to have that lip between
In the taxi, they were silent, but after he'd gotten back the use of his body, Andrew leaned over and whispered in John's ear, "Blokes my age don't know how to fuck for
"Excellent! Don't wait up." I plucked my coat off the hook, threw it around my shoulders and was off.
The light begins to turn gloomy and John checks his phone one more time. "I think I'll ring Sherlock and just see—" he says, rising up from his chair, but the front door opens, closes and the sound of girlish voices over the occasional monosyllabic rumble from Sherlock sifts in from the entryway.
"You spent the better part of last week looking at me as though you were confused about why I was here, like I'd popped up out of nowhere."
. It seemed like it was all meat with only the thinnest layer of fat. It was a powerful arse—no wonder his short legs could keep up with me—those glutes could power a machine.
Having picked his way around Toby, Sherlock stood at the foot of the bed, glaring haughtily at John. John's eyebrows rose in amusement. "Aw," he said with all the sympathy of a jungle cat. "Did your poor ego get bruised?"
John laughs and when Mycroft frowns at him, clearly offended, John looks to Sherlock for guidance. Sherlock's face has gone ashen and his eyes are wide with horror. John's heart rate kicks up a notch and his laughter cuts out. He looks back at Mycroft who's pointedly ignoring Sherlock and waiting with an arched eyebrow for John's answer.
Dr. Watson was half sitting, half leaning against the desk on the dais at the front of the room, his hands clasped in his lap, eyes brightly turning to each person as they stood and spoke, smiling and nodding and making pleased little sounds at what they said, making them feel relaxed and welcome.
"Whether you believe in God or not does not matter. It's the point." She let go of one of my hands and slashed her own through the air. "You decide to let go,
I pressed my cheek against his, my lips brushing against his ear. He shivered, and his hands came up to rest loosely on my back. I wanted him to grip me and pull me even closer to him, but he didn't. I found all my negatives emotions had fled, as had the hand-shaking excitement of leaping into the unknown. Instead, I was calm because I was here, where I was always meant to be—holding John and telling him the truth.
Sherlock dropped both feet to the floor, balanced his elbows on his knees and scrubbed his hands over his face and into his hair. "I cannot really—I don't know myself why I did it. I was—you were comfortable. A known variable. I—he was mad at me already. I'd run off and left him at the Yard without letting him know where I was going. He couldn't get ahold of me. I frightened him. You know, he—he didn't know if I was okay. So he wasn't really speaking to me. I'd planned to tell him that I was married, that you and I had separated, and were likely to divorce. Then you showed up, and then he came home early, and then—" he threw his hands out "—it all went to shit."
"John, this reproduction is incredible. There's even a little tiny hunting knife stabbed into the mantle!" Sherlock says gleefully, sounding almost like one of his sisters. He looks at John then, his eyes brimming with emotion and says softly, "Thank you. I love it." Then he bends forward quickly and kisses John on the lips, pressing just a second before sitting back again.
"You're an insufferable bastard, you know that?" John mutters against Sherlock's lips. Sherlock hums happily, as though John has just given him a compliment. "Oh, we're that confident, are we?" John asks, pulling back, taking in Sherlock's delighted smile, his throat framed taut as he looks up into John's eyes. John stares at Sherlock's Adam's apple and the goose bumps that have formed over that pale stretch of skin. He wants to bite it.
But tomorrow morning, bright and early, you'll have 8700 words of kissing and making up, family togetherness, Christmas spirit, mushy gift giving, and happily ever after.
—and his fingertips come up and trace my cheek and jaw, down to my chin, where he rests his thumb. His eyes are heavy-lidded, and the weight of his body comforts me. My hands have moved to rest on the top of his knees without my realizing it. His thumb presses against my chin, the pressure parting my lips, and then he leans in, and breathes, "I'm kissing you. That's what I'm doing."
"I'm ever so glad to see you, John. You have no idea what—" she stopped herself from saying whatever had been on her lips. She smiled weakly, avoiding his eyes. "Well. At any rate, he'll be happy to see you."
custom made ring and that means IT IS THE ONLY ONE IN THE WORLD! Just like Dad is the WORLD'S ONLY CONSULTING DETECTIVE! So you see
It seems cruel what we're doing to ourselves, but I also know that there isn't another way. That's not entirely true—I suppose I could've pretended to be asleep and he would've gone back to my spare room and that would've been an end to it.
"I have cranberry and white chocolate biscuits still warm from the oven. Why don't you put the kettle on while I run downstairs and grab them? It's right there."
"That's hardly a surprise, dear, and I seriously doubt it's why you want to come for a visit. So spill. And remember, I know when you're lying."
of ideas for how this evening will go, aren't you?" John asked, his fingers nimbly working the buttons of Sherlock's shirt. He trailed wet, open-mouthed kisses along Sherlock's collarbone and Sherlock couldn't help the breathy
Although this story takes place Christmas 2018, the characters in this story are the same as they were in Season 1 of the show. So, Sherlock is 33, John is 38, and Mycroft is 40.
Seeing me, he jerks back and gathers the two sides of his dressing gown to him, pulling the belt tight, all while recognition is dawning on his face.
John had said, awkwardly walking the fine line between encouraging friendship and discouraging hope for rekindling their romance. Sherlock had nodded, looking down at the piece of paper John had scratched out the information on. John's eyes tracked Sherlock's and he stared at it, too, then realized he'd torn it from the funeral leaflet.
I laughed and thumbed off my phone, then laid it next to me. Despite the hostility, Oasis was the closest person I had to a friend after John. She was sixty-six years old and born in Mexico City, but ended up in London in the seventies when she followed a self-made guru who was going to bring the gospel of BDSM to the undersexed British nation. The guru lost her favor, but London did not. Half of the Doms I knew had learned under her tutelage. Despite the fact she'd seen her baby
Audrey had never been a flashy dresser, and was content to dress down outside of work or social engagements. Her mother had chastised her in the past for dressing
I hope you've enjoyed reading it as much as I've enjoyed writing it. The Holmeses and I wish you a very Happy Christmas!
Most of my sheep are absorbed into the herds of wool farmers in the area. Seventy-three are left over and I'm forced to send them for slaughter, almost triple the amount I normally send off.
Before John could reply, Sherlock was clutching his arms in a punishing grip, his face buried in John's neck and he was
Sherlock glanced at his watch. Greg was supposed to be here watching Toby, but he’d been running late when he called Sherlock at fifteen to six, which was five minutes after Sherlock had decided to skip the introductory dog training class if he didn't hear from Greg within the next five minutes. He’d wanted to skip it anyway when he read the instructor’s syllabus yesterday and discovered that he would be leaving Toby at home during the initial session.
"That little trick with the lock screen was their price for writing the program for me," Sherlock says dourly.
When John nodded his head, I walked into the sitting room and reached down next to my chair to grab a book I'd swiped from Donovan's desk, a dystopian thriller. Then, without looking at John, I went upstairs to his bedroom and made myself comfy on his bed.
"I'm Mrs. Hudson. I own the building. I live in the ground floor flat," she says, pointing to the door marked 221A. "Sherlock lives upstairs."
John smiles wistfully, letting himself imagine how their life might be if he and Sherlock were together like
"Yes, of course," Sherlock said, nodding madly, eager to soothe John in any way. "The bed is—I changed the sheets. I showered, too, and, and—I've already washed the dirty ones and put them away in the linen cupboard."
, you guys!" John says, feeling his throat pinch and eyes prick with tears. "I don't even know what to say—this is just
), and guided him through the process of shopping for men's clothes in person, where he might try them on (and let me gauge the fit). My only problems are John's unwillingness to pay more than £400 for an
. Sherlock was slouched along the back of the sofa, his eyes staring at the back of John's neck, where sparse coarse hairs brushed his nape. John would probably say he needed a haircut, but Sherlock liked John's hair a little scruffy like this. He had a sense memory of his nose pressed there, his breath disturbing the scraggly hairs. The urge to do so now, to bury his face in John's neck, to kiss the tender skin beneath his ear was weighty. Sherlock found himself beginning to bend towards the promise of that familiar gold-brown-silver-almost-even-some-red hair, before pulling himself back.
. I've always wanted a playroom. There's so many things I can buy if I have a whole room at my disposal." My mind was already imagining the possibilities.
"Very well. Before we begin, these are the rules—if at any point you want to slow down or take a break, you say yellow. If you want to stop completely, you say red. Understood?" When John nodded his head, I continued. "Then this is what I want you to do—put everything in that pile of stuff back into the box except for three things that you would like to try. Then bring them upstairs to me. I'll be waiting for you in your room."
Sherlock has enfolded John into him like a carnivorous flower whose petals close once they've captured their meal, locking it in. John missed the point where Sherlock went from pursuing him to capturing him. Sherlock's arms cross over John's back and his hands hold John's head right where he wants it. John's legs are split apart by Sherlock's knees so that even if he escaped Sherlock's arms, he'd still be trapped by the position they're in.
He wordlessly indicated John should remove his shirt and watched as he did. When he saw the wound on John's shoulder, he reached forward to press his fingers against it, fascinated.
Blood drains from Sherlock's already pale face. Eyes wide, he lets out a harsh breath and rubs his hands over his face. "That," he rasps. "Is a very big question. I think it's worth at least, hm—" He tilts his head, looking thoughtfully at John. "—three more questions."
"I'm Sherlock Holmes and you're not a serial killer," he says as casual as can be, while drying his hair with a towel and showing off his hairy ankles and freakishly long toes in my too short trackie bottoms.
—with that same imploring look and he wanted to turn around and go back to work and finish his shift. After that, he would come home and have makeup sex with Sherlock and it would be fantastic. They would eat and watch TV and Sherlock would make him laugh. When he went to bed, Sherlock would come with him, even if he wasn't going to sleep.
do this for Sherlock, John realized. It was that John was the only person Sherlock had ever been able to be this vulnerable around. John was stunned by the smug possessiveness that gripped him.
"I asked you first," John said belligerently, knowing how childish it sounded, but not caring. His heart beat a thundering staccato against his ribs.
"I'm teasing you, love," John said. Sherlock kept scowling at the two dogs until John pressed two fingers against Sherlock's jaw and turned his attention back where it belonged.
"Are you suggesting that—" Sherlock began, drawing himself up indignantly, before John shushed him, pressed a finger against Sherlock's lips.
This time there was no response, and John harrumphed in irritation. See, now he was waiting in vain for Sherlock to answer.
John reached out with his left, and Sherlock clasped it gratefully, and said in a small voice, "Thank you, John."
"Hello, John," Audrey said. She looked pale and harried, and distinctly uncomfortable. Audrey was wearing a blue t-shirt, white stretchy pants that came to just below her knees and white plimsolls, which John hadn't seen since primary school. She fidgeted with the keys she held in her hand. "I'm sorry to barge in on you like this, but I wondered if I might talk to you about Sherlock?"
Finally, he thrusts his hand out. "Thank you," he says, those two words drowning in things he will never say to me.
"There they are!" says Violet when Sherlock and John have finally cooled their ardor and are attempting, and failing, to make a less obvious entrance in the dining room. John glances at Sherlock, gratified to see that Sherlock is blushing as vividly as he himself is.
, John thinks to himself, feeling oddly cherished, like he's just another one of her children. He's obediently downstairs at the appointed time.
Finally, she sat down in the chair facing Sherlock, tucking her feet up under her. It took her a minute to look at him, but then she smiled sadly and he returned it. She seemed inclined to speak first, and so he waited, one foot balanced on the opposite knee.
When I finally get him up out of the burn and out of the harness, I help him limp over to the Wagon and set him down on the open hatch. Doing some quick triage, I diagnose a sprained right ankle and hypothermia. He's shaking so hard he can't speak and now that he's out of the burn, all of his hostility has fled leaving behind a man who looks as though he can't quite believe he's going to live after all.
"Yes!" Audrey said, turning to him with a smile. "I don't want to lose that, that—I mean we were best friends once, and I know that having spent nearly a third of our lives married to each other makes it a little more difficult to go back to being
and snapped his mouth shut. He found his eyes sliding away from John's while he waited for John to speak. Finally, in a menacing voice so far removed from his everyday affableness that he seemed a different person right then, John said, "If you think for one moment that loving someone means giving them blanket forgiveness, then you don't know the first thing about love."
"You fucked her," John said, his voice breaking at the end. "In this bed, you fucked her. You stuffed your
"Yes," John says quietly, and then attempts to smile, but just shrugs weakly. He sets the bags down on the floor, and begins moving the beakers and petri dishes carefully away, opening up a space. Without looking up, he says, "You could help me, you know." He sounds both angry, and regretful, and I don't think he's talking about cleaning off the table anymore.
That didn't change the fact that Sherlock had committed infidelity. He'd lied. He'd destroyed John's life, not to mention the lives of his wife and daughter!
talked to anyone, but at the time Mycroft was in France, working for the Home Office, and I was finishing up my teacher training. Sherlock declared he had no interest in sixth form and went straight to Cambridge from school, against Mum and Dad's advice.
John grimaces, remorse running through him in acknowledgement of that fact. "It wasn't them. I was already afraid—afraid you'd make fun of me for what I felt—that it would be awkward between us and eventually drive us apart." John's words, at first halting, now come in a great rush. "Because that worries the bloody fuck out of me, I have to say. I'm terrified of losing you and, because of that, like a great bloody idiot, I shut down. Any armchair psychologist could tell you I was trying to leave you before you left me. You're brilliant and gorgeous and fit and talented, and, and—you have this wonderful, incredible—just this warm and open family who love you and want to help you and are willing to humiliate you—and me—because they want you to be happy. So you don't really need someone like me, someone who's just—" John's words dry up. He stares down at his hands and realizes he's shaking.
Sherlock sucked a breath in through his nose. "Two weeks ago, I think I needed to know if—I needed to know what I was feeling. For him, that is. It was a crude experiment to measure my feelings for him versus my feelings for you. I know it was grossly unfair to the both of you."
didn't fit. So I DEDUCED it was a present for John. When Dad got home from wherever he was I told him I needed to talk to him in private and I could see John's feelings were hurt because he is the one I
"Oh, good heavens! Sorry to interrupt, boys! I was just bringing up the biscuits. Homemade, too, John, just so you know. None of that processed food you get from the Tesco's bakery."
. He found himself unable to stay away from John and sat beside him on the bed. Sherlock leaned against him slightly, just enough to invite John to lean against him as well. Miraculously, he did.
I walk slowly over to my chair, and gingerly lower myself into it. I pull my dressing gown around me, and we watch each other.
John freezes in horror, not even daring to look over his shoulder. He lifts his eyes to Sherlock expecting to see his own mortification mirrored there, but Sherlock is scowling over John's shoulder. Then he says, "They're gone," and his eyes glitter scarily in that way John has always associated with Sherlock plotting something dangerous and highly inadvisable. Then, in the kind of acrobatic movement Sherlock makes look easy (and that John finds
The words are quietly spoken, but the chill air carries it so well that Sherlock may as well have stood right next to him, lips only inches from his ear.
They start walking again, the silence once again uneasy. John looks for Sherlock, but he and Violet have disappeared. He cranes his neck around, wondering where they are and realizes the side street they were walking down has turned into a narrow dirt lane. There are spindly, bare trees to their left, and the backs of houses to their right. Ahead is a turnstile which opens up onto acres and acres of fallow farmland.
"I vote we have a mellow Christmas Eve, which means lots of alcohol and an early bedtime for little barbarians."
John's fingers went to the buttons on his shirt. I watched greedily as each piece of skin was exposed to my eyes. As he undressed, his teeth and tongue worried his lips so hard they turned from pink to red. When he was down to his underpants, John didn't hesitate. He pushed them down and dropped them on top of the rest of his clothes, then picked the pile up and deposited them on top of the clothes hamper at the foot of the bed.
"I think you want it. I think you would love for me to tie you up and do unspeakable things to your naked body," I purred. "Most of all, though, I think you like being told what to do."
I cringe at the tone in his voice. The thing is—I never lock the door when I'm in the loo. The disapproval I have for anyone but John, corpses—and, occasionally, Mrs. Hudson—to be in my personal space is well known to everyone, and especially John, so it's never been an issue. He's walked in on me in various stages of undress or, ironically, performing bodily functions one can only perform in the loo.
John swallows hard and stares at the floor, then surprises himself by saying, "I can't say that you've got it right where Sherlock's feelings are concerned. As for myself, yes—yes,
He was surprised at the lack of recrimination in her voice, so it took him a moment to answer. "I am, yes—very much so."
"Fine?" I ask, shaking my head in mock disappointment. "I'll need more information than that. Did it hurt?"
"See? No reason to act like a blushing virgin," John says, eyes all smiles for about four seconds before his face pales and his eyes grow wide and he says, "Seriously, now, please tell me you're not—" and I quickly snap, "Of course I'm not a virgin, John."
"Anyway  you were saying?" John asks roughly, right before he engulfs my entire ear in his hot, wet mouth.
After lunch, the group splits up. John ends up with Sherlock and his parents, but Sherlock—clearly still upset about John's earlier reprimand—grimly strides off ahead. Violet separates from John and Will to go after him. Will and John end up walking aimlessly in an uncomfortable silence.
melodramatic. And possessive. And bossy. And has no respect for my privacy. In fact, he's nosy as hell but closes up if I try to find out anything about him." John shakes his head, the laughter fading as the ache of unrequited love creeps in.
"I need you," Sherlock says, voice low and rough with emotion. "Just because I have a family who loves me doesn't exclude my need for you. I value you highly, John—I value you above all others, to put a finer point on it. I'm honored to be called your friend."
"If you have any questions about my family, now's the time to ask," Sherlock says after they've eaten all the sandwiches. He's leaning back in the leather chair he's sat in, one ankle resting on the knee of the other leg, elbows resting on the arms and fingertips steepled. It's a pose that tends to overstimulate John's libido, which is already constantly stimulated around Sherlock.
John's phone rang again with the same unknown number. Again, he declined it, but his eye caught the time as he did. It was after noon. He'd gone to bed at half eleven. He knew he was depressed, but he hadn't realized exactly
"Of course," Mycroft said softly, almost sadly, and then he was through the door, and John was shutting it and locking it, and sliding down into a crouch where he put his head in his hands and cried.
Sherlock leans threateningly over the two girls, who tilt their heads back but don't look at all cowed by Sherlock's glowering face. "Go. Away."
"This is obviously a crime of passion, Lestrade," I said, gesturing at the corpse. "Multiple knife wounds, nothing stolen, no sexual assault, murder committed inside her home, door unlocked. So why am I here?"
John's nostrils flare as he stares at Sherlock's shrewd and smirking eyes. "Please stop saying naughty words, Sherlock. It's obvious you know how they affect me."
"Well," John says peevishly. "At least someone will enjoy me being there, since you so obviously won't."
from the man he had been. He was hunched in on himself, his hands gripping John's cardigan, trying to wrap it around himself. His bottom half was naked, which only added to the pitiful picture he made. Sherlock was lighting up all the parts of John that made him want to help and protect people.
When all but two of them remained to introduce themselves, Watson glanced briefly at Sherlock before turning back to the woman who was standing to speak, and Sherlock felt his face grow hot. When the doctor did a subtle but obvious (to Sherlock, at least) double take, the heat in Sherlock’s face intensified. He covered his discomfiture by giving in to the urge—now bordering on need—to take his jacket off. He laid it neatly over the back of his chair and pushed down the temptation to roll up his cuffs.
John's lips part on a sigh, utterly defenseless in his love for this man. Before he can return Sherlock's
Louisa led Sherlock into the front sitting room and pushed him down in the chair that used to be his. "What are we going to talk about?" she whispered conspiratorially.
thing, minus the part where his parents had to be dead. Mycroft had descended upon the family home in East Surrey with a trio of lawyers. Their parents also had lawyers. Sherlock sat in the middle, willingly signing every document put in front of him in order to get the fuck out of there.
Then Sherlock's hand slides around John's waist, pulling him firmly, but gently, away from the clutch of his younger sister, and John finds himself leaning against Sherlock as though it's entirely natural. Once Eurus lets go, Sherlock takes back his arm, but he leaves his palm resting in the small of John's back. His touch is light, but his hand may as well be a brand. It's all John can focus on and his face colors. Surely, everyone else sees it?
could open it he would ground me for the REST OF MY LIFE!!! I laughed and he said ok I will take away your laptop FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE!!! He kept saying that he would do this and that FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE and we were
John found himself so furious that his fingers and face went numb as adrenaline rushed in. "I told you already—whatever you want, the answer is
already married to someone else. I asked: how did you know when someone was your boyfriend? Is it when you have sex? (I said SEX because I knew it would make her face red just like when I say that kind of stuff to Dad.
"Wait," Sherlock said, the word high and strained. John stopped and looked up at him, eyebrows bunched in confusion and—a little impatience if Sherlock was reading him right. Sherlock reached down and cupped his elbows, drawing him up off the floor.
Just like in his dream Friday night, John is helpless to stop himself from obeying. And, just like the dream, Sherlock grips John's hips and deftly plucks him off the floor so that John lands, splayed, in Sherlock's lap. Sherlock spreads his own legs wide, forcing John's thighs apart even further so that he feels exposed,
This parade of women has got to stop—I refuse to tolerate it any longer, and the solution is obvious—we'll have sex with each other.
After we're done for the day and Darrow invites us all to his house for supper, I announce to the gathered crowd that I'd appreciate it if they could spread the word through our vast and far-flung community of fellow shepherds that I'm selling my farm and everything in it.
"I could use a good orgasm," John muttered to himself as he walked into the flat. He stretched his neck to see around the door, to the right and then—
John strangles a quiet tight sound almost like a whimper that wants to escape his throat. Sherlock, of course, notices it, and his eyes begin to gleam dangerously. John asks, "What, um, what was the question again?"
I'm glad everyone enjoyed this story, and I swear I'll answer all your comments. I treasure every single one and whenever I see I have a new one, I have to read it
He pushes himself to his feet, and I sway towards him, but he holds out his hand. "I don't want to have sex with you," he says quietly.
Will nods his head and they both let their gazes wander into the middle distance in the way two taciturn men who are strangers will do. The silence stretches out so long that it becomes comfortable by default as the two follow Violet and Sherlock, who get further and further ahead. Then, just as John lowers his guard, Will pulls what John now thinks of as a Holmes specialty—the emotional ambush.
Where someone else would've been deeply offended at Sherlock's brutally clinical admission, Audrey only raised her eyebrows ruefully. "Let me guess—you discovered you were in love with him?"
I held up the cuffs. "I'm going to cuff your hands in front of you to keep the pressure off your shoulder, and then loop some of this rope through the link between the cuffs to tie you to the headboard."
"Oh, Sherlock," John whispered, trying not to succumb to tears of his own, knowing it would only damage the fragile control Sherlock had on his emotions right now. "Of course I'll hold your hand."
When I walked out of my room, John was hovering in the kitchen, and the look on his face when he saw me at least answered the question of whether or not he found me attractive. I immediately catalogued it into my mind palace for a future confidence booster or wank material. (Yes, I was arrogant enough to get off on other people finding me spellbinding and gorgeous.) (I say
Sherlock was always in the mood for sex after the satisfactory conclusion of a case. Especially if it involved Sherlock doing something particularly heroic and earning John's admiration. Usually, John was
"Ta," John mumbles automatically and goes to stand in front of the Keurig while it finishes with a gurgle. He pulls the milk out of the mini-fridge and splashes some in the cup.
Eurus says, "We brought tea!" and points towards the sitting room off which his and Sherlock's bedrooms and connecting bathroom are located. (
hole wet and open and clutching at his cock—everything he'd wanted last night and this morning. He stilled inside Audrey. Her vagina was pulsing weakly—she was right on the verge of orgasm. He thumbed her clit with casual roughness and she came. They stared at each other, panting.
"John, please," Sherlock begs. "Let's just go back inside and, and we'll talk. I'm sure I can explain whatever you're angry about."
Looking at John, the man said, "Oh, forgive us for blocking the doorway. Let him by, everyone. Thank you for coming, by the way," he said, looking back at John.
The third day at Darrow's place finds one of Darrow's men hollering for me to come help with an ewe who's about to drop a lamb in the middle of the shed. We don't have time to pull her out and take her to one of the paddocks. She ends up giving birth in my lap.
"You must be Dr. Watson," she said, ignoring Sherlock. Her voice was polite, but the look she gave him was full of pity, which only added to John's confusion.
—this morning and after I'd paced the flat and worked out some of that energy, I realized the extent of what I'd done to you last night. I was going to apologize when you came home. I was brooding, trying to think of ways I could make it up to you. Then Audrey showed up unannounced and, well—you know."
"I don't fucking know," Sherlock said, and shook his head. "I would ask for your advice, but you're not the person I should be asking." Audrey tilted her head in acknowledgement of the wisdom of that statement. Sherlock leaned against the desk and crossed his arms. "I didn't want to hurt anyone, honestly. I was—stupidly selfish, but I thought I could—"
My groin seemed to ignite with arousal and I fancifully imagined the slit of my cock beginning to ooze. I looked down at my black trousers, but of course black does an excellent job of hiding stains.
Could it be that John's gnarled little heart beat in deference to my natural dominance? Was his strident defense of his heterosexuality a cover for desires more forbidden than the desire for the touch of another man? Was John, either consciously or unconsciously, pining for me to dominate him in a much more structured way?
"So, I, uh—I think maybe the best way to do this is for us to take turns asking questions. You should go first," John says, rubbing his sweaty hands on his trouser legs. "And I'm sorry for last night, for not giving you the chance to talk to me. All right—go ahead and ask your question."
I stroked the tips of my fingers along John's jaw then picked up the crop and held it in front of John. Mimicking the way I'd just then lovingly touched his face, I slid my hands along the length of the crop.
"Sorry," John murmured and moved to drop Sherlock's hand, but Sherlock held on, and said, "No, please—don't be. It's—it surprised me, but I like it. It's nice—not nice," he said rolling his eyes at himself, then looking to the right, trying to search for the word that described how it made him feel. "It's
John unlocked the street door and leaned on it in relief, accidentally slamming it shut in the process. He winced. He hoped Mrs. Hudson didn't come out to fuss at him about slamming the door. He didn't fancy making small talk with her. In fact, he didn't fancy talking to anyone. He considered going straight up to the second floor bedroom, thus altogether bypassing Sherlock and the problem that had been occupying his mind all day. They still paid rent on it, though mostly used it for storage—John hadn't slept in it since the first week he moved in.
"Why?" she asked, giving him a tilted, slightly sad smile. "It was actually rather hot—I don't know why you stopped. I think you could've fucked me through a second orgasm."
"Sixteen. I was still at home when they were born. They were devilishly troublesome little things from the moment they were conceived. I daresay they're the reason my parents are completely grey."
John shook Will's hand, red with embarrassment, and after being greeted so respectfully by both Sherlock's daughter and father, he wondered if Sherlock and Mycroft had had their manners surgically removed at some point.
Sherlock pokes his head into the sitting room but as soon as his eyes alight on John, he disappears again. John goes after him but by the time he's in the entryway, he realizes that he could search the house for the rest of the day and still easily miss Sherlock. There's too many ways to pass by each other without meeting.
John comes with a shout that he doesn't muffle in time and he knows that Sherlock will have heard it.
"If you wish," she said and shrugged. "I have one question, though," Audrey continued, and she frowned. She took another sip from her mug. "Why did you have sex with me yesterday? For that matter, why two weeks ago? We hadn't had sex in
"You forgot to lock this door," he says flatly. Then his eyes soften. "Why are you not naked on your bed like I asked?" His voice is light and flirty—he's trying not to spook me, which just adds to my predicament. My face is positively
With that in mind, he took a shower, shaved carefully, and dressed in trousers and a dark blue shirt that John always said brought out the blue in his eyes. He even put shoes on and dried his hair with a blow dryer, styling it as he went, maximizing the curl factor. (John had always said that Sherlock was worse than a girl when it came to primping, to which Sherlock had replied that they couldn't all be scruffy, sexy, big-dicked army doctors who seduced men left and right with nothing more than just a cheeky smile. John had preened like a girl being told she was beautiful, which Sherlock gleefully pointed out).
"Let me finish! I tried to force you to fit into this life. You were always very honest with me about not wanting the same life our parents had, that our marriage was going to maintain that bohemian air we'd entered into it with. I thought I agreed with you. But it has suited me, being married, especially to such a brilliant, gorgeous, albeit eccentric man. Being a mother has greatly suited me, too, more than I thought possible. In that way, I think we are alike."
The other thing Sherlock could do, as an adult, was tell Dr. Llewellyn that he wasn't allowed to tell Sherlock's parents anything about Sherlock leaving his care. He just wanted to move on with his life, to leave behind the weak boy who'd fallen apart when his brother left for school, who'd had to be taken out of boarding school himself because he was
Sherlock had already started for the kitchen and he tensed, halted, and turned towards John who was finally looking at him. He took a deep breath. "I'd planned to tell you when we were through with the case, but after last night you were so angry, and this morning, too—I was thinking about you, about us and all—Audrey, all that, when Mycroft texted me and said she was on her way. It was a surprise, she surprised me, that is. I hadn't—"
and starts moving, apologizing as he does, apologizing? For what? Oh, yes, prostate sensitivity, apologizing for the sparking electric stroke of his cock over the sensitive nub of nerves inside until it becomes almost too much and I may fly apart in a shower of John ignited sparks, nothing left of me but white-hot devastation.
"Get on your hands and knees because I plan to lick and suck at that tight hole I just spent so long cleaning out," he says, moving towards me.
"I didn't have time to go back for you when Greg got the call and we were all told to leave our phones on silent," Sherlock said plaintively. "And I'm fine. See?" He gestured down his body.
"Yes," Sherlock said, and something loosened in his chest, leaving him feeling safe for the first time in months.
I stand at the window and watch as he climbs into the cab of Georgie's truck. And then, just like that, he's gone.
Sherlock stops several feet away and holds something out to John. His coat, he sees. He snatches it out of Sherlock's hands, puts it on, and steps back again.
"Might help if you did," Sherlock muttered, and John laughed, which made Sherlock smile. The clawed creature inside him—the void which swallowed everything good—lost a little of its hold. From experience, Sherlock knew this was only a temporary stay, and when it passed, the monster would grip even tighter for a while. But with every loosening of its claws, Sherlock had time to breathe, to regroup his strength, to pull together his resistance. Eventually, he would beat it back into dormancy.
* I'm posting this chapter a day early because I can. My betas don't know, though, so shhh. They try to teach me patience, but alas...
A beta reader (at least mine) must be - patient, discerning, educated, available at odd times and for odd reasons, confident, well-read, and practical. They must also be willing to sooth their writer's nerves, encourage her when she's down, guide her when she's lost (and not just in the manuscript either), be firm when she's whining, and gentle when she's not.
"Nothing," John says, and pulls Sherlock along with him to get away from Sherrinford before she says something that he'll deeply regret.
"You're right. I'm sorry. And for the record, you aren't a selfish, unforgiving arsehole. I think our time together has shown you are, in fact, the complete opposite. You have put up with me—well, there's no excuse for the ways I've treated you, but it was my cowardly way of hoping you'd get fed up, and leave and thus divest me of the responsibility of coming clean."
Without these three women, my stories would be disjointed, overly dramatic, choppy, and probably abandoned because I would definitely grow disheartened. My regular readers have heard me say over and over again that Jenn, Katie, and Tia make my writing better, but I'm serious about this. You just have NO IDEA some of the trash I write.
The last chapter got too long so I split it in two. Chapter 4 should be ready in the next couple of days!
This story takes place in 2018. I've kept their ages the same as when the show aired so Sherlock has just turned 34, and John is 38, turning 39 in June.
Will sits back in his chair with an air of satisfaction, an assured smile on his face. "That's good, John. That's very good and I'm damned glad to hear it. I reckon things between you and Sherlock will turn out all right after all."
"I have a better idea," I said, sitting up. I swung my legs over the edge of the bed and stood, offering him my hand. "Let's sleep in my bed."
The other twin, Charysa, is wearing a paint-splattered smock over an ankle length skirt and what looks like a man's button up flannel shirt. Her hair is loose and her feet bare. She's wearing bright red lipstick and her eyes are lined with black which makes her stormy-blue eyes seem brighter than her twin sister's. She hugs John voraciously and says, in a sweet, almost gentle voice, "Welcome to Pombley Way. You are
There was the faintest, weak-sounding, "John?" that made John's heart seize up in his chest. John gripped the door knob and shoved the door open, eyes immediately landing on Sherlock.
His phone pinged, and he grabbed for it, hoping it was John, but his hopes were dashed against the rocky shore of reality.
In the sitting room, John's laptop, phone, and chargers were also missing. There was a note in John's chair which Sherlock grabbed eagerly for. There were only two lines.
When they walked in the flat door, Toby immediately jumped up. Sherlock, as always, was caught between the urge to fall on the floor and hug Toby to pieces, and the urge to turn his back to avoid being clawed to death. Toby had thus far managed to avoid all grooming attempts with an iron will and a wicked set of puppy dog eyes, so Sherlock had put off trimming his nails.
, John had called it on his blog) had taken over a week to solve and even in the midst of all that pressure, Sherlock hadn't been able to keep his hands off of John. After the case, they'd positively
oh, God, you tried to tell me, didn't you? Or started to, the night we met, and then you changed your mind, spouted some shite about being
So, that light angst tag? Yeah, this is where it happens. I'd say I'm sorry but it's me and angsty just sort of...happens when I write.
"This is just from me and Sherrinford," Charysa makes it a point to say. "They all got you something else," and waves dismissively at the rest of her family.
"Good to meet you, Dr. Watson," Agnes said, holding out her liver spotted hand. She had an actual lace trimmed handkerchief tucked into her sleeve.
John sipped his tea, staring at the table top. Finally, he lifted his head. "I don't understand," he said, shaking his head.
you don't feel bad?" John asked as the taxi got under way. He reached over to put his palm on my face and I smacked it away.
"Sherlock!" John snapped as Toby's ears flattened against his head. "He's not done anything wrong! It's
"Gah, that joke is so old," Eurus says, glaring at Sherlock. Her straight dark hair is pulled back into a ponytail and she's wearing jeans and an unflatteringly oversized cable knit jumper. She's pretty, but without makeup and in the clothes she's wearing, it's like she's trying to hide her beauty.
Will leans forward confidentially and lowers his voice even though they're alone in the house. "I'm not known for the bluntness my wife and children are prone to, but in this one case, I intend to be utterly frank—I believe my son is in love with you. Do you return those feelings?"
"In a hurry, brother dear?" Sherrinford asks, lifting her eyebrows and widening her eyes suggestively.
I trotted downstairs for a hank of rope, and hesitated only a moment before darting into my room and grabbing the bottle of lube I kept in my bedside table. When I got back to John's room, I expected him to be sitting on the bed, but he was still kneeling. I kept my triumphant grin hidden. His eyes caught the lube as I pointedly set it down on the bedside table. I looked at him to see if he would remark on it, but he remained quiet.
"Interesting," he says, but it's only when I hand over the bowl of dark molasses soaked sugar for topping the sweet potato that he really appreciates the taste.
"All of it!" he said, throwing his hands up in the air. "I mean, I discover you're into BDSM and then you come home, and when I ask what the hell is going on, you tell me that you love me! I thought all this stuff—sex, love—wasn't your area. That's what you told me the day we met."
Sherlock nodded and said, "Thank you for that." He took a deep breath. "And Louisa? Have you said anything to her?"
"Oh, maybe—I think he was twenty-seven," she says, squinting in thought. "So, I guess about six years?"
table, then," Will says mildly and grins across at John with an affectionate dip of his head towards his son as though to say,
having sex. I was in love with Victor and had been since the moment I met him. I remember writing a poem about his hair—his hair was blonde and bright and silky to the touch."
I stilled briefly. Had I given myself away with that thoughtlessly used bit of jargon? No, certainly not. I relaxed, and made for the sitting room where I pocketed my phone, wallet, and keys. "A Dom. As in someone who dominates. As in bondage, dominance, submission, and sadomasochism. As in B-D-S-M." I drew each letter out like I was spelling something for a small child.
Then John hears, "Oh my God, cover your eyes, Charysa! Don't look, seriously, turn around! Go, go, go!" It's Eurus's voice.
"I suppose we may as well," Will says, and gives John a mournful smile. "We're near as close to the house as we are to the pub. Lord knows where the rest have got off to. I reckon we can head home if you don't mind."
Sherlock's only worth lay in his reproductive ability. After this stunning realization, he put his foot down and made it clear to his parents that he had no interest in marrying now, maybe not ever, and they couldn't make him do it, either, seeing as how arranged marriages were no longer the done thing.
A month later, John accompanied Sherlock to his mother's grave, where Sherlock broke down in lung-busting sobs, his body suddenly unable to support him. He knew he must look melodramatic, and said so to John, but John said
John scoffed in disbelief, indignant as well. "Are you fucking kidding me? Do you honestly think I'm going to
Sherlock and Toby had been in the paper, after an interview with the grateful parents, who had paid Sherlock handsomely. In the newspaper photo, the little girl was wrapping her arms around Toby whose mouth was hanging open in a way that looked remarkably like a smile. Sherlock had been smiling at Toby.
"Pombley Way is the name of the estate. According to my Uncle Freddy, our family moved here from France during the first Napoleonic war. They fled with plenty of their funds intact, apparently, because they were able to buy the estate from some poor English noble with gambling debts. There was an apple orchard gone to seed on the grounds and my ancestor was charmed by it. He renamed the estate
"Georgie's boy is about my height, blonde. I suppose you could go see if he's the serial killer," I joke, my eyes catching on his and the amusement there. But then he abruptly straightens and looks to the side pensively, and says, almost to himself, "I might just do that."
John's vow lasted until he was off work the next afternoon. He told himself he would just stop by Sherlock's flat to see how he was
"The pleasure is all mine," John said with sincerity. He shook her small hand, marveling at seeing Sherlock's long, awkward yet elegant fingers on such a small scale.
This chapter introduces Sherlock and Mycroft's three sisters--Sherrinford, Eurus, and Charysa. However, and I cannot stress this enough,
"Stop," Sherlock says, sitting down and snapping out the serviette before placing it in his lap. "I was taught how to treat a guest growing up."
Sweet potatoes are still something of a novelty in the British Isles and I've been crazy about them since I first tasted one a couple of years ago. Once he takes a bite, I ask him, "What do you think?"
Sherlock choked on the sip of chocolate he'd just taken, unsure whether to laugh or frown. "Yes," he said instead. "Your mother and I are going to have a divorce."
Sherlock gripped his upper arms painfully, bent slightly at the waist to do so. His arms were extended, keeping John at a slight distance, and then he shook him, roughly enough for John to try to shrug him off.
I fall asleep, or at least I must have, because my bladder wakes me, but it feels like it's only been a minute since I lay down. I wish, for the thousandth time, that I wasn't beholden to my body's needs, especially since a dreary lassitude has stolen over me, and I hate the idea of getting up. After a while, though, I have to get up, and standing seems to make it all the more urgent, so I speed walk into the loo, and my body relaxes as I empty my bladder. I wash my hands, and then try to go back to bed, but I can't sleep, and I'm bored, and I refuse to hide in my room any longer.
"No, go ahead," Sherlock says, smiling. "I'm glad you like it. It's my grandmother's recipe, but Dad's apples."
. There would be no woman claiming to be Sherlock's wife. There would be no despair or fear in Sherlock's eyes. There would be no chasm opening up in the pit of John's gut, threatening to swallow everything he thought he had here with Sherlock, and the future that had been theirs.
Sherlock gives him a sardonic look and opens his mouth to speak, but then shakes his head and mutters, "Too easy." Then he's dropping his bag next to the door and asking for tea.
They walked in silence, holding hands. At the church doors Mycroft, Audrey, and a small assortment of Holmeses were looking worriedly around. Sherlock looked at John with a question in his eyes, and John squeezed his hand, and didn't let it go.
"Oh, yes, absolutely. Yes! Ha! I know what that's like. It's hard to commit when you might die any moment. Me being a battlefield surgeon and all that, I definitely understand."
Then he kisses me, his body pressing tight to mine, and a combination of relief, arousal, and sense memory pours over me and it feels like I'm gripping the dressing coat at his waist hard enough to rip through the silk.
The last picture is a selfie John doesn't even remember taking. Looking closer, he can tell he's sitting at the living room table and Sherlock is peering over his shoulder. John's head is tilted to the side, looking up at Sherlock and Sherlock is looking back.
"What, me?" John asked, face still glowing with amusement. "I'm your basic middle class Englishman."
Instead, John's plagued with the ache to have his hands on Sherlock's body. One kiss, however bone-melting, can never be enough now that he's had a taste. Every time he looks at Sherlock, John feels a pulse of warmth that starts right in the middle of his body and spreads from chest and gut to groin, limbs, fingertips. Several times they're caught giving each other loaded glances when they don't respond to a question or comment directed at them. This results in the rest of the party sharing knowing looks with each other.
." Out came a plastic container of earplugs, then a leather O-ring bit, then a soft suede blindfold. We were both rigid with anxiety by the time he'd hauled every single thing out of the box—every dildo, gag, paddle, crop, belt, prostate massager, butt plug—and piles and piles of rope—hemp, cotton, nylon, almost all an unbleached off-white, except for the bright white of the nylon rope.
, ah, relationships. Yes. So. Odd hours. Dangerous. Potential, uh—lovers get frustrated with that kind of thing."
"My sisters. Women are never to be entirely trusted—not even Sherrinford, and she's the best of us."
. That means chapter 8 will be posted on August 20th and Chapter 9 will be posted on August 27th (which is also the first day of school for my kiddos!)
After the funeral and the interment, but before all the funeral-goers had gone back to Sherlock's parents' house, John gave Sherlock his new number and email address.
It took less than two minutes of looking at her and around the room in which she lay to see she was a female Dominant who preferred male subs, a well-practiced but still beginner rigger, kept her practices (as I did) limited to the club, and there was a third person present when she was murdered. She enjoyed sewing, was a new homeowner, and appeared to have done much of the remodeling on her own.
John's face is almost nose to nose with mine, even though he's no longer stepping on his tiptoes, and I realize that's because my lips have followed his down, and as he steps back my whole body follows. Without breaking physical contact, he draws me all the way to the bath with little kisses and licks and nips, and with only a quick glance behind him, pushes aside the shower curtain and turns on the taps.
, but she continued to talk and he stood there with his laptop bag over his shoulder, occasionally shooting Sherlock helpless looks and wry smiles that said
, which turns out to be an apples and flan type dish. He's already eaten two of the four ramekins that were on the tray. He points with his spoon at the last one with a questioning eyebrow.
for the first time in months. There was no future with a kid Andrew's age, even if John wasn't still stupidly in love with Sherlock. Yet it would be nice to have a regular partner for sex, especially someone with such a
Sherlock starts to turn us towards what I presume is his bedroom, but then stops, and hollers over his shoulder, "Please show yourself out, Mrs. Hudson!"
Sherlock still hadn't showered and his self-castigation increased as the hours waned. He still couldn't find the energy to step into the bathroom and shower, but the thought of John finding that he
John reared back as though she had slapped him. He cleared his throat and shook his head. He wanted to look at Sherlock, but didn't dare, didn't want to see what was surely written all over Sherlock's face.
The pain of John's abandonment still ran ragged through his veins, but the only thing he could do about John—
As he did all that, he felt numb. He didn't think about anything beyond what he was doing. Step one, pull off the pillowcases. Step two, pull off the sheets. The duvet had, thankfully, been kicked onto the floor by his feet as he'd crawled on the bed towards his wife only, what—maybe twenty minutes ago?
at those times. To see Sherlock dressed down as himself feels so close to illicit to John that he avoids Sherlock's gaze for the rest of the morning.
And then they have another round where each person gets to open a gift, taking turns so everyone can see what the recipient unwraps. Before long, it's John's turn again.
, but we are lucky not to have the animosity and bitterness of other couples we know who've ended up divorced."
Sherlock was too thin and utterly wrecked. He was sobbing in John's arms, begging for John to hold his hand. But his mother had just died! That had nothing to do with what had happened between the two of them.
John raised an eyebrow, but acceded to Sherlock's impatience. He stepped easily around Toby and up to Sherlock, who cupped the back of his head, and bent his head so that he and John were breathing the same air. "Almost since I first saw you tonight, I've thought of having you here. In fact, I've considered seven different scenarios, but I'm at a loss as to which should win the day. Perhaps you could help me choose?"
Being a beta reader is a very time-consuming and oftentimes frustrating job, for which one earns ZERO DOLLARS, and unlike the writer, betas don't have their names front and center for everyone to point at and say, "This person is an AWESOME and TALENTED writer!" They work behind the scenes in the same way an editor does.
John gets my shirt off in no time, and is bending to push down my pajama bottoms, not wasting time with seduction for this part. Then he's pulling me into the hot shower as I begin stroking his cock, entranced, though there was never a doubt I'd be anything other than utterly enchanted by something John-related.
When he comes, his mouth opens in a silent howl of delight, and I'm stilled by how stunning he is. I mean, he's always been stunning (I say
"I don't remember, actually. The whole thing had started because I'd lied to worm my way into her lap."
"John!" I cry as I feel the heated coil of orgasm starting again deep in my arse and balls and thighs and John momentarily stills with what I know is surprise before he rasps out, "Oh, fuck, Sherlock, your arse is squeezing my cock. Are you gonna come again? Fucking amazing, baby. You're gonna come again, aren't you? Touch yourself, c'mon, that's right, baby, let me hear it, let me hear how fucking hot I make you, so hot you come twice. You ever come twice before? Huh? I bet nobody else has made you fucking come twice, only me, right?"
"Exactly," Sherlock said, nodding his head. His eyes caught on John's smile. John's smiles were always kind of sardonic, but every once in a while he turned a beaming grin Sherlock's way, leaving Sherlock dazzled and stunned, wondering what he'd done to deserve it.
—waiting to talk to John about this very thing, but it wasn't supposed to have been like this. He wanted to tell John about his daughter, who was brilliant, and curious, and already, at only seven years old, had a sly sense of humor surprisingly adult.
I swallow thickly, open my mouth to speak, lick my lips nervously. John stares at the ground, unspeaking, unmoving, and with my chest so tight I feel I can't draw a breath, the words come out trembling when I say, "We've hardly saved our—"
"Well, he suggested I get a dog," Sherlock said, one fingertip circling John's unmarked shoulder, imagining drawing it on paper.
John's mouth falls open with indignance, and then he raises his eyebrows and says, "You'd better not or I'll put my elbow to more constructive use."
"There's something you need to know," I said quietly, and when I felt his cheek rasp against mine, pressing infinitesimally closer, I whispered, "I am in love with you," each word a soft exhalation that breezed across his ear.
"I'm so sorry," Sherrinford says when her sisters are gone. "They have no shame." She hooks her arm inside his elbow and says, "I thought you might share a cup of tea with me. Dad wants you to see his trees, but they won't be back for at least two hours. It's quite a drive to the church and there's always social obligations afterwards. That's why I go early—I can get away much quicker."
The horror on John's face brought Sherlock to see his condition from an outside perspective. He was ashamed, and suddenly wanted John anywhere but here, where Sherlock was pale, and cold, and too thin, and ugly, and lost, and his once-brilliant mind dulled with anguish.
. Wanting to sit with Sherrinford, a cup of tea in hand, lamenting the difficulties of loving the prickly and quick tempered younger Holmes brother.
Plenty of people—including John—assumed I was asexual for the same reason. They'd never seen me date or even mention being romantically or sexually interested in someone. For those unattached BDSM practitioners like myself who kept their lifestyle separate from the rest of their life, it was preferable for others to assume we were asexual. It allowed us to avoid questions about our love lives. There is a direct correlation between how long you've been single and the frequency with which people ask you why that is so. In my case, Mrs. Hudson is the only person I know who persists in nagging me about my love life.
"Listen to me, John," Sherlock whispered, faced twisted in unhappiness and fear. "I love you. Whatever happens, remember that, okay? What we have together is
I was watching John's skin and glancing occasionally at the rigidity of his muscles and the tautness of his joints. Straining was expected, but excessive pulling or jerking were not. Suddenly, John rocked forward with a grunt. I froze and opened my mouth to ask him if I should stop when he rocked back again with a low moan.
Sherlock couldn't help but laugh, and Audrey gave him a warning look. He shrugged his shoulders, and got his smile under control.
"Hello," said a woman's voice. John's eyes flew towards the source. A beautiful woman with glossy dark hair was standing on the landing, hand resting on the newel post, her head framed by the stained glass window behind her. She was tall—taller than John—and wearing a summer dress made out of some light material that lent her an air of sophisticated whimsy, a navy coat thrown over her arm. Her accent was as posh as Sherlock's and the way she held herself had
The icy calm with which Audrey had behaved once she'd come down the stairs threw him off, too. Audrey was terrible at hiding her emotions, much like John (and wasn't
. He worked methodically through the chore and when he was done, he piled it all by the kitchen door. He put his dressing gown in a laundry bag and added it to the pile. Then he went to shower.
From the moment he met Sherlock Holmes, John couldn't stop the thrumming anticipation in his veins. Sherlock was a galvanizing force—being in his presence, John felt like he'd stepped into his
. The original quote is, "I would not tell them too much. Women are never to be entirely trusted—not the best of them."
"Who's John?" Louisa asked, pushing her way through the group so she could see. "Oh, you're Dad's friend. Mum said you had to go somewhere else. Why are you holding Dad's hand?"
He wasn't going to start making excuses for Sherlock so that he could run back into Sherlock's arms and still retain his pride.
Sherlock growls, "John and I can turn around and walk back out if you're going to behave in such juvenile fashion."
John shrugged, one corner of his mouth lifting. He looked up at me, and said, "Maybe," playfully drawing out the word.
I choke off a shout of disappointment (never good to let John think I'm not overjoyed to orgasm in his presence) but he must see the distress on my face because he's murmuring to me words of praise and love and telling me I'm a
Throughout his time at Cambridge, Sherlock thought they were joking. As the dissolute younger brother, the thought of entrusting him with a wife much less a
Okay, okay, I'll stop with the little ditty. I just wanted to introduce my beta team and give them all the thanks they deserve. Jenn, Katie and Tia are the most awesome of betas. They're amazing women and amazing friends. I will never stop being grateful to them for the ways they've helped me become a better, more organized writer.
surprised and then he said My heart is telling you that you love me or that I love you? and I said Both and he grabbed me in his arms and squeezed me really tight. I think he may have shed a
Silence. John snorts a humorless laugh at the lack of response from Sherlock because that's one of his tactics—the quiet kicked puppy. Usually, this is when John feels guilty for hurting Sherlock's feelings, and he hates Sherlock—well and truly
John was putting four enormous, pink-orange apples in the refrigerator when Sherlock spoke. He turned around and crossed his arms, which usually meant he was about to become stubborn and contrary. "Sherlock. You are severely depressed.
John nodded his head, his mouth drawn, and eyes down, as though he'd been expecting Sherlock to ask, but hoped he wouldn't.
With that, Oasis turned to the bartender, who came over to talk to her, leaving me in peace. Reluctantly, and with great trepidation, I allowed myself to open the box in the attic of my mind that was hidden away behind everything else.
"There you are," Mycroft said. "For God's sake everyone's—" His words dried up, but his mouth stayed open. He stared at Sherlock and John's clasped hands with a combination of pleasant surprise and irritation.
, a sort of decorative rope bondage. I've put together a list of BDSM clubs I'm going to visit. See if I can find anyone who knew her. No need for you to come along."
"Too bad," John says, making his voice as firm as he can in the face of Sherlock's lecherous eyes as he says
been best friends who just happened to have a relationship more complicated than friends with benefits.
John wrung four out of him before he was begging John to stop. John pulled out and came over the kid's magnificent arse, to which Andrew said, "Ta for that. Now I've gotta go home with my pants stuck to my backside," but his peevishness was obliterated by his limp, nearly melted, fucked-out state. He could barely keep himself standing, so John pulled his pants and jeans up for him, tucked him away, and zipped him up. Then he stared at the cum-stained wall with pride.
" he almost bellows. The dirty and sweaty workers part as he makes his way towards me, his face creased in alarm.
Both my children have a birthday this week, so Chapter 6 won't be posted until Thursday, August 9th.
John throws up his hands. "I don't know! Because they did a bunch of stupid shit when they were drunk and don't want their friends to know what an idiot—" He stops as realization dawns.
It was nearly three in the morning, and there had been a satisfactory conclusion of a case and Sherlock had done something particularly heroic, but John was decidedly
John silently reassures himself it's okay that the Browning is upstairs in his bedroom where it won't do him any good if there's someone in the flat who he needs to shoot. Taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly, he steals upstairs to the kitchen entrance and peeks around the open door.
"No, we're not leaving," Sherlock says, stopping long enough to frown at John. "We promised we'd stay through Boxing Day, remember?"
Sherlock murmurs things John can't identify as words, his large hands smoothing up and down John's back, soothing John's fevered body, cooling his overwrought mind.
"I would take you along, but I don't think we would make it past the bouncers without a Met officer in tow, so, alas, I shall have to go in the guise of a native. I'm going to be a Dom for an evening. What do you think?" I casually tossed my hair and spread my arms, then turned around slowly.
Then I reached for the crop and gripped it in my hand. I laid my hand on his shoulder, and he flinched. "Easy," I soothed, as I slid my hand from his shoulder down along his flank, to his lower back and finally over his buttocks.
John took an Uber from his rented room on Chiswick High Street to Our Lady Queen of Peace Catholic Church in Richmond. When Mycroft sent him a text with the details for the funeral, John had been gleefully surprised to discover the Holmes family were Catholic. Mycroft and Sherlock were both so strident about logic and evidence they could gather with their senses, that the idea that they might have grown up going to Sunday Mass every week was a glimpse into Sherlock's life that was more intimate than lying in bed while they were both naked.
ANYWAY, after John moved in with Dad I heard Mum tell Aunt Caroline that it was ABOUT TIME and she had worried for months that John would not forgive Dad for lying. When she got off the phone I asked what Dad lied about to John and Mum said: Well he did not tell John he was married to me (meaning Mum). I asked: Well what does that matter? and she said: Because Dad and John were boyfriends and you can't be boyfriends with someone if your
! And even if he could, how could he secure Sherlock's promise not to do it again? What consequences would deter him?
Sherlock looked away, face unhappy. He tapped the tabletop with the fingers of one hand. Then he stilled, and John sat up, instinctively aware of that stillness and its implied import.
With that, he left the bathroom, turning the light off as he went, even though Sherlock was still in the bathroom. Sherlock stood in the dark for a minute and then, without turning on the light, brushed his teeth and flossed.
So...I suppose this story is my tribute to Pippin who I've apparently been writing about in the guise of Toby! (This is actually a terrible picture of Pippin, because it was taken with my old tablet, but he'll always be my handsome boy, terrible photo or not.)
wet and open for him. He cursed, and in a single fluid movement, stood and tumbled her onto the bed. He tore his own pants off and cast them on the floor, then crawled after her. Without warning, he shoved himself inside her.
—it, was a longing I had never allowed myself. Who would ever love me when my work was dangerous, my personality chaotic and abrasive, my demands on one's time unreasonable, and my sexual satisfaction lay in tying someone up and hurting them?
Finally! We're at the last chapter. As you can see, Louisa is weighing in on the haps since we last saw Sherlock and John.
The door opens and I square my shoulders but it's not Sherlock who answers the door. I'm faced with an elderly woman in a flowered apron and an open, friendly face.
John knocked when he got to the top of the stairs, not wanting to walk in as though he still lived there. He could smell old cigarette smoke even outside the door. Sherlock didn't open the door and John didn't hear his voice bellowing
John turns down the lights in the kitchen, and sets a cup of tea on the desk beside me, before sitting in his chair with his own cup of tea. He sighs in pleasure when he settles himself into his chair. He's turned on the gas in the fireplace, and the fire highlights the left side of his face, his other half fading into shadow, and I wonder if the skin on the lit-up part of his face would be warmer than the shadowed side. In my mind, I trace both sides of his face with my fingers, my thumb pressing into the shallow dimple on his chin.
Delighted by this confession, John looks up, his whole body flushed. Sherlock's smiling at him. It's a sly smile and John can't help but smile back at the mischievous look in Sherlock's eyes.
for someone to fit the bill, well—it was easier to tell myself I couldn't want it because I wouldn't have it.
"Well, I know this wasn't your first choice of occupation," he finally concedes. "But you're a damn fine farmer, John. When you go, I'll miss the hell out of you."
Mycroft raises his hands in placation. "Sherlock, for God's sake, this isn't sixth form. Nobody wants to humiliate you. Everyone's curious about John and you've hidden him away long enough. Time to let Rapunzel out of the tower."
But seven comes and goes without a knock on his door. His foreboding increases. At 7:15, the summons finally comes. For a moment, he's flooded with relief. Then his heart breaks into a tap dance on top of his diaphragm and he can't breathe.
After running through the rain-polished streets, they collapsed against the wall of the downstairs entryway. They laughed and sucked in deep breaths and laughed some more. Their heads turned towards each other and, with that same joyful recognition as before, their faces drew closer. They were still laughing when their lips touched.
Breakfast is in the dining room since it has the only table big enough to seat all nine of them. John and Sherlock are at the end, across from each other. Going around the table clockwise, starting with Sherlock are: Sherrinford, Violet, Will, then Charysa at the head, Eurus, Evelyn, Mycroft and John.
John gives a half-hearted greeting to Mycroft then turns to go up to his room, knowing better than to be drawn into one of the Holmes' brothers' maddeningly silent contests of will.
"You frighten me," he says, and although he's not drunk, there's a languid quality to his voice. I wait, watching him warily, for him to clarify his statement. He licks his lips, and shrugs. "I should've taken you up on your offer that night, but—you frighten me."
. In my experience, every time I tell you to trust me, you question me pugnaciously—" John starts giggling at Sherlock's mock-offended face, "Stop laughing! And
"Well, I didn't actually get much of a chance to think of one, did I?" Sherlock snapped, surprising himself with the intensity of his anger. Then, all in a rush, he spoke, barely stopping for a breath. "You left this morning and I spent most of it trying to figure out how to make amends for what I'd done. It took me awhile to come down from the case high. I was still—
It's dark out, and the curtains are open, reflecting the room behind me as I play the violin. The door downstairs opens, and John's footsteps thud on the stairs as he jogs up. He's had a good day, then. I don't pause in my playing when he comes bursting into the room.
Sherlock grimaced and turned his face away, cheeks flaming red with shame. "I'm sorry," he said quietly.
I'm marginally drunk when we sit down in front of the fire after dinner. Sherlock remarks on the fact that it's a genuine wood-burning fireplace rather than gas. I nod, full of food and drink and basking in the heat of the fire and Sherlock's company.
"I don't understand. You seemed happy here at first and then—and then you weren't. What's going on? What have they told you?" Sherlock asks plaintively.
The unknown number called twice more before John finally answered the phone. "What the fuck do you want?" he yelled.
Sherrinford snorts. "God, those two," she begins, shaking her head as she looks out the window. "I don't think it's any one thing, but more the way Mycroft treated him growing up."
Sherlock sneers smugly. "John will allow himself to get excited, and pack, and at nine o'clock tomorrow morning, there'll be no car arriving and he'll feel a fool."
The silence goes on so long that John wonders if Sherlock's waiting for a prompt from him. Eventually, though, Sherlock sits back in his chair and breathes, and answers John's question.
Sherlock thought back to the feeling of his six year old self, still with some of the chubbiness of small children, uncomfortably seated in his mother's lap, hands gripping the outside of her thighs, legs swinging, swinging, swinging.
"You're not going to introduce us, Sherlock?" asked the mysterious woman, as she walked down the final flight of steps. She shrugged into her navy coat.
"By the time I'm balls-deep inside you, you won't know if you're begging to come or begging me not to stop," he says, drawing a hiss of air in through his teeth. "Hell, by the time I've got my cock buried inside you, you won't even know your name anymore." He dips his head, and right next to my ear, in a lust-driven rasp, he says, "You'll know
! I couldn't let you hide away in the basement. Your mother made me promise to force you to be sociable every so often." She turned to face him, growing serious. "This life never suited you. I admit, I was surprised to find that it suited me, eventually. I felt like I grew up and you never did."
"Oh, well, killing is all well and good until I end up in jail," John said and the skin around his eyes crinkled. Even with his mouth shut, Sherlock felt like John was grinning at him, that they were sharing an inside joke. Everyone else was out, was not John-and-Sherlock and so would never get the joke. John added, "I can't promise there won't be a maiming here and there, maybe a broken nose."
It had taken Sherlock many years to figure out why his warnings were never taken seriously and why he was subsequently blamed for the very thing he warned them about. It was his last boyfriend who, when breaking up with him, had given him a piece of jarring insight.
John jerks back in shock. He closes his eyes, shakes his head, and then opens them, a harsh exhale bursting from his mouth. I escape to my bedroom, lock my door and burrow under the blankets and pillows, curling up on my side, my eyes wet and bottom lip trembling. It makes me absolutely
The choice is taken from him when Eurus picks it up, checks the tag, and then says, "Oooh, this is for you, Sherlock, from John," in a suggestive voice.
," Sherlock says, his hand pushing Eurus's head out of the way so he can look at John. "For dictating case notes."
The first week went by quickly, and the closer they got to the end of it, the more anxious Sherlock became until one night, John turned off the TV, turned to Sherlock, and said, "Out with it."
"Right," Sherlock murmured, confused. He didn't care if Sherlock slept upstairs? Or, he didn't care where Sherlock slept
John turned into the hallway to the bedroom, which he could immediately see was dark except for a sliver of light coming from the bathroom. John retreated to the bathroom door that opened onto the hallway and knocked, calling, "Sherlock, are you in there?" He thought he heard a faint sound, a rhythmic snuffling. By this point, John's heart was pounding with alarm. Something was very, very wrong.
"Yeah," he said quietly, his mouth twisting to the side as he fought a smile. "I want it. But what about that stuff in there?"
First, John could see that Sherlock had lost at least a stone. As a doctor, John knew that if Sherlock's weight loss had only been a result of his mother's death he wouldn't have lost
we are getting this flat cleaned up, or at least get it looking less like the inside of a skip. If it's not too late after that, I'll run out to the shops and get some groceries and things. I have to work tomorrow, but I'll come by after work, okay?"
John tries to cover his gaffe but ends up babbling. "Not that, you know, being normal isn't, uh—doesn't mean you're not a genius. Are you a—?" The amusement in Sherrinford's eyes makes his discomfiture worse. "Ah, hell, I feel an utter git. I'm sorry."
Once they were in the cab, a tense silence enveloped them and it was compounded by the fact that the cabbie kept trying to start a conversation with them. Before getting in  Sherlock had a very clear picture of what he wanted to do when they got to his flat and that was to divest John of his clothes as quickly as possible and then slowly bring him to a fervid and mind-blowing orgasm.
He had already lost twenty five percent of his blood volume when she found him. He was incarcerated (as he considered it) in a mental health facility under section two at his parents' request. Dr. Llewellyn, one doctor from A&E, and another psychiatrist saw to it that they got what they wanted. Sherlock spent seventy-two days wishing he'd gone out to that tree earlier in the day.
For example, the current tense silence—was it sexual tension or nervous tension? Now that John, like Sherlock, had the space to think about what happened and what would happen, was he realizing it was a bad idea?
"He's lovely," John said to Sherlock and, "I think he'll make an excellent service dog, though probably better suited to trauma service. They do have a couple of dogs at the Met who act as therapy dogs when children are involved in murder inquiries. They're not long-term therapy dogs, but when it comes to helping witness interviews with children, they're a phenomenal help."
He lies down and rolls over to face me in one fluid motion before he pulls the duvet up to his neck. I'm already facing him and I do the same. For a moment neither of us does anything. His eyes tell me what I need to know—
"Oh, it's you," she says, her voice rife with disappointment. Sherlock's laugh surprises John. It's full of an indulgent fondness John doesn't think he's ever heard in that deep rumble before. He would never have even thought Sherlock capable of feeling something like that.
"If you are worried I don't love you back," he says softly, looking down at my face, which he takes in his hands, "Then you're an idiot. Move in with me. I could use your expertise."
. For the first time since childhood, I'm desperate to believe that if I just don't open my eyes, then whatever I'm afraid of will
, as though he was exposing more than he wanted. A sharp suit was one of the tools he used to solve cases—people were more likely to speak to someone who looked neat and confident than they would to someone who looked like they'd just rolled out of bed. Outside of work, he favored pajama bottoms, t-shirts, jeans and sneakers, and future classes would, presumably, include working with Toby, and Sherlock wasn't going to train him in a £500 suit. Tonight, though, he was glad he'd kept his suit on instead of opting for casual clothes.
John's breathing quickened, but he was still making no sounds that he was in discomfort. When I heard him suck in a few gasps, I paused, then smoothed my left hand over his rear to gauge the temperature. His skin was beginning to warm up.
I'm in love with you, there's no maybe about it. I realized that I couldn't spend the rest of my life alone on that ranch without you. So I decided to sell, but it took me a while to get rid of five hundred sheep and just as many acres of land. But, look, don't feel obligated, okay? If you don't feel the same, at least I'm living in London now and we can, you know, date or, uh, something."
"Ah," Sherlock said, realizing he'd run right off the script without meaning to. "Louisa is my daughter."
Both Sherlock and Louisa looked at her like they didn't understand the question. Sherlock finally clarified, saying, "I think your mother's trying to ask if you're upset."
I fry up some sausage and eggs for breakfast and we eat and drink tea in silence. We are distinctly uncomfortable with each other. I could argue that the deep contentment we shared last night before and after dinner was a result of the alcohol but it wasn't.
In an echo of my move from Tuesday night, John held his arms out and began to slowly turn. My eyes lingered on every part—the muscles in his thighs and the skin that slid over them as he moved. His arse—oh, it was
. I didn't realize it until a couple of weeks ago when I went to the townhouse, mine and Audrey's, to spend time with her and Louisa. She and I slept together. Afterwards, I felt filthy, disgusted with myself, heartbroken because I felt like I'd cheated on
And then, to John's shock, Sherlock serves him. He sets the plate before John, the glass of water to its left; takes a folded cloth serviette and sets it to the right of the plate. Then he puts his own plate, water, tea, and serviette in front of his place and sits.
When they pull apart, Sherlock's darkening eyes don't leave John's as he says, "And on that note, John and I are retiring to our bedroom so I can—"
Toby had unerringly led Sherlock through a warren of alleys, in the back door of the house and directly into the kitchen. The little girl was tied to a rusted and oily car engine by a length of nylon rope—one end tied around a wrist and the other around a foot. She was lethargic, and her eyes were red rimmed, the corners of her mouth caked with dry spit. When she saw Sherlock, her eyes opened wide with fear and she began to tug on her restraints. Sherlock crouched down, worried she would scream, but then Toby walked up to her and lay down next to her. She froze and then he licked her knee and she smiled, one chubby hand going out to touch his head. She looked back at Sherlock and her smile wavered only slightly.
John offers to carry the breakfast dishes to the kitchen and do the washing up. Sherlock jumps up to help, but when they get to the kitchen, it's obvious dishes aren't on his mind. He leans against the worktop and pulls John right up against him and then his lips are on John's in a kiss so scorching hot John's cock goes from flaccid to erect fast enough to disrupt his blood pressure. His fingertips go briefly numb and his ears ring.
"Oh?" John said, nosing his way along Sherlock's jaw and then licking his way back down. "Rules were made to be broken. As they say."
"Okay, um," Audrey said after a moment, looking frustrated with his hostility but determined to put up with it. "I was wondering if you might stop by Sherlock's flat?" When John didn't say anything, but indicated with raised eyebrows that she should continue, she actually gave him a shaming look. She sighed deeply and continued on. "He's not doing very well, and I think a visit from you would cheer him up."
Sherlock makes a soft sound, staring keenly at John. "You'll love them," he says finally, voice thoughtful, "and they will love you."
"Tea, John," Sherlock mutters and stomps, sexily bed-rumpled, to the sitting room to await John's service.
John clears his throat and lets out a harsh breath. "Yeah, that's, that's—yeah." John nods his head. "Yes, I do. I do want that."
Violet sighs and reaches over to ruffle his hair. Sherlock ducks his head, frowning. "It's okay," she says. "I know you're just excited."
Sherlock hesitated, but then said, quietly, "I was, yes. Well, I loved her at any rate, but I didn't know what it really meant to be
So, instead, I did what John did a half dozen times a day. I filled the kettle and switched it on, then got out two mugs and two tea bags. With the discipline of long years of self-denial, I forced myself to keep my feet rooted in front of the worktop, and watched the kettle. Its ticking and clanking seemed teeth-grindingly loud in the ominous quiet.
Until this moment, John was beginning to think that Sherlock was acting so hard because he was punishing John or because he was resentful. Now he sees Sherlock was girding himself against disappointment.
"Yeah," John says absently, his mind busy with new discoveries and a potential way to resolve this whole mess. "Wait, no—give me about ten minutes."
John groans in embarrassment and buries his face in his hands. "Sherlock," he hisses through his fingers. "For fuck's sake!"
I have made a MOMENTOUS DECISION. I have decided I want to call John something other than John now that he is going to marry Dad because if someone is married to your Dad and they are also a man its like they are your Dad too. I cant call them both Dad so I am going to look that word up in the thesaurus and see what other words I can find (I know how to spell thesaurus and dictionary really good because John told me I cant look any words up unless I know how to spell them).
