Greg reached under the sink and pulled out the bubbles, emptying two cap fulls under the running tap. "I do like a lot of things, I've just never listed em out like you."
"Not everyone does, muffin. C'mon, let's get on with the show!" Greg lifted Sherlock's arm and got him to make a slow, careful twirl.
"Baby, I told you you didn't need to sit on the step," Mycroft said softly, stepping forward to help Sherlock to his feet.
Mycroft turned to glare at Jawn, but softened when he saw his hopeful little face. He knew enough about Jawn’s past to hold his temper.
"It's a lovely bed." John said over his shoulder. Sherlock made an effort to growl like Daddy, but even to his own ears it sounded more like a whinge than anything else. Sherlock settled for glaring at the floor instead.
Sherlock put one more drop of dye in the cup before plunking the flower in. "Lab'bender? Come on now," Sherlock coaxed, peering down into the cup.
"There are very few things I love enough to shove them down the front of my pants," Greg said, smirking to himself.
“Oh…oh!” Mycroft squished him close again. “No, Jawn’s punishment is finished...however, if Jawn bites anyone ever again, he will get his mouth soaped. Understand?”
"Sorry," Greg said again, watching Sherlock struggle...God, he wanted to hug him. But he also wanted to, you know,
"You tit." Greg wedged himself against Mycroft's side. "...D'y'ah think he's comfortable, laying this way?"
“You’re insufferable.” Mycroft fastened his coat, and tugged on his gloves. “Devious, malicious little brats.”
Mycroft closed his eyes and fought very hard to quell the hope that Sherlock might be slipping back into headspace...no, he only sounded that way because his face still hurt. "Not--" he paused; "--it's not that black and white, Sherlock."
Sherlock continued to stare up his brother and sniffle, his chest hitching. He put a nervous finger to his mouth and began to worry with it, unsure of what was happening next.
"Brilliant boy! Now put the peanut butter in the bowl," Mycroft said as he screwed the lid back on the jar.
“No trouble,” Mycroft ran a reassuring hand down Sherlock’s back. “But there will be if Sherlock doesn’t ask for help next time.”
"No f'ank'oo. I don' nee' be'time," Sherlock smiled sweetly at Mycroft, popping a bite of applesauce-covered chicken into his mouth.
Mycroft goes limp before their eyes; "...Of course you can have your phone and your trousers. But I would like it if you stayed."
Mycroft turned back to his little brother, who had just stuffed an impossibly big bite of macaroni and cheese into his mouth, making his cheeks bulge out. "You've liked sleeping in the crib before."
"Why don't you collect some of your toys and come downstairs. You can have a play while I fix lunch."
This was originally just an honest little RP on tumblr that grew into our first big collaboration, nearly TWO YEARS in the making!
"Me too," Sherlock hobbled to his feet, Mycroft's hand on his bum giving him a boost. "I y'ub cu'bca'ges."
“At the moment that’s exactly what you are," Mycroft said, holding Sherlock’s hips firmly in place as the little detective wiggled in excitement to see his Jawn. “But I should be happy to help.”
Greg came back just in time to see the heroine find a fleet of ships in a hidden cavern, with both Baxter Bunny and baby Moana dangling from his hand. "I could have sworn you took your Bunny downstairs earlier, but I guess not."
Sherlock followed his brother into the kitchen and put his cups next to Mycroft's on the window sill.
"Lovely. I imagine you'll be able to sniff that out and solve that mystery once I've  left." Mycroft two fresh cups out of the cupboard and swiftly filled them with milk. Sherlock followed him like a shadow, a hand sneaking up the back of his waist coat.
He was still here, he realized as he looked up to see Gavin, who still had his arm flung over Sherlock.
Mycroft clasped his hands behind his head and closed his eyes, taking in a deep breath through his nose as his mind raced. Then, he exhaled slowly; "...He couldn't have gotten out of the yard. Not with you right there. Or Sherlock," he said, and then opened his eyes. "Let's check the greenhouse one more time, then we go look in the house."
“‘Ron man!” Sherlock slurred behind his dummy, reaching for the now full hero sip cup. Mycroft handed him the bottle instead. The little detective immediately dropped it onto the floor and continued to reach for the hero cup, grunting in frustration.
"On'yee the y'eaves!" Sherlock leaned forward, away from Greg's touch. "Done, a'w done? Done, G'eg? P'ease?!"
“And why did you sit on my dinosaurs! If you bent the Brachiosaurs’ neck…” Jawn shoved the rest of his biscuit in his mouth and went to rescue his toys.
“Play acting as if I’m murdering you will only increase the number of swats you’ve earned, William.”
"Jawn..." The tone of Greg's voice was a warning. Jawn wasn't going to get spanked right now, but taking his medication was non-negotiable.
Mycroft sighed; “Now, this is why you should wait and ask an adult for help when you’re this little…accidents can happen so easily!” He stood and helped both Sherlock, and then Jawn, to their feet. “And you shouldn’t be drinking that anyway, not as long as it's stayed out!”
Mycroft turned to find Jawn standing in the doorway…well, partly standing, partly hanging onto the door frame and looking apprehensive.
"It's sensitive enough to detect fresh foot prints," Mycroft said, giving Greg's hand a squeeze to hush him.
Jawn squeaked and dropped to his knees, crawling across the floor. At the first bit of lettuce, he carefully spread out his flannel, put the bit of lettuce on the center of it, and then dragged the flannel along beside him as he scurried to the next bit.
"Do you?" The thought of either Sherlock cooking for a baby Jawn or John cooking for a little Sherlock in the middle of the night made Mycroft chuckle. "Who makes them?" he asked, lifting Jawn onto the bed when it was clear that the little doctor wasn't going to do it on his own.
"Hmmm." Greg frowned...if Sherlock wasn't complaining (yet), he wasn't going to point it out first. "We can't make it any warmer, sweetheart...that would burn your bum. We'll just make this a really fast one, okay?"
Daddy pulls him up and into his lap and snuggles him, whispering forgiveness into his skin until his eyes dry and he's only occasionally sniffling.
"B'ani'yya," Sherlock pouted, accepting the cap from Mycroft and pouring it into the frosting. "No mo' c'yothes y'a'der?"
"Sherlock, come to Grammy, little love." He stood still at the top of the steps for a moment before turning into the sitting room. His feet dragging as he crossed the sitting room to Mrs. Hudson. She's sitting in Daddy's chair. An irrational spike of irritation burns in his chest about this before he collapses on the floor at her feet, burying his face in her lap.
Mycroft scrubbed a hand over his face; “...What’s the record in this flat for most spankings in a day?”
"The squirrel was so startled, he nearly dropped his nut. 'Eh, me?' he asked, eyeing Billy and Sally.
“No, you’ll be getting–YOU’LL BE USING A LITTLE FORK, AS WELL,” Mycroft finished, having to raise his voice over the protests of “I DON’T!” and “NOT A BABY!” from the little doctor. “Jawn, shush!”
“If I’m going to leave the room, I’ll let you know and you’ll come with me, alright?” Mycroft ran his hand through Sherlock’s riot of curls.
"S'ug'r, swee'dhear'd!" Sherlock put the peanut butter-slicked bag of confectionary sugar on the counter.
“Does Sherlock want to watch telly while My looks for a dummy for Jawn, hmm?” Sherlock frowned at him behind his dummy and clung tighter.
Sherlock scoffed at the use of the dreaded word, but seemed very interested in the prospect of rewards. "Like what?"
of grass down the front of your nappy?!?!" Greg sat back and stared. Every inch of damp skin was coated in grass clippings.
John spanks Sherlock’s cheeks hard with his free hand several times. Over and over again, turning the skin pink. More then once John has to stop to place his hand on Sherlock’s hip and force him forward into the toy; at the same time his submerged fingers massaging inside of him.
Once I’d sent my manuscript off to a publisher, I had no occupation other than the bees. Often, I just sat thinking, remembering the house where I was born, my parents sitting by the fire in the evenings, the tiny, elegant skeletons I would collect in the woods. I remembered my brother coming home, standing over me so tall, stooping down to look into my face. I thought of my parents’ funerals, my night in the Red Room, the ghostly children of Milford, and meeting John in that in-between space where I was not quite dead and he was not quite alive.
Once I hated her and my cousins, but no longer had any inclination to waste energy on that. I did not owe her anything; nor did I envy her. The things she had surrounded herself with had not made her happy; her children had not led the lives she’d wished for them. One was dead, another half a world away, and the youngest wasting all she and my uncle had given him.
“It seemed a type of poetic justice,” I said. “We did not involve ourselves because proving our story might be difficult. And by now all the evidence you might have found that would corroborate our story has been thoroughly trampled by your dim-witted constables.”
chair, the squashy red one, drinking a cup of tea. Sherlock will have to make an effort to clean up all the mess that now surrounds him, and probably warn him about the violin.
Others share their stories, their little triumphs, their ongoing struggles. Many of them talk about how good it feels to finally be honest with themselves and other people in their lives. John says nothing, and Greg passes when it’s his turn.
I noted something else, as well. Though he appeared to acknowledge his obligation to Miss Catherine Chadwick, he did not look at her with any passion. Clearly she was meant to be a companion for a great man, having few interests of her own. A pleasant girl, raised to manage the life of one too impractical to notice when it was time to eat or sleep or any of the other mundane things people organised their lives around. She looked at Philip with adoration. He talked of things she could not understand.
He smiles at Sherlock a bit mischievously, toys with the waistband of his pants. “Wanna see some more?” he says.
In between the murders, he studies Death: looks at it under a microscope, cuts it open with a scalpel, beats it with a riding crop so that it will reveal its secrets. What he learns improves his success rate and brings Lestrade to his door more often, but the Question remains unanswered.
Sherlock’s face, reflected in the window, shutters for a moment, but then he gives a rueful smile. “It’s me they pity, for reasons that must be clear to you by now. And I do feel obligated— to show you that I’m not the man you had dinner with last night. Maybe you won’t like who I really am, but I wanted you at least to know me, understand who I am and what I do, before you rule me out.”
Sherlock is having a strop because visiting hours are over and he’s not allowed to stay. Watson can hear him yelling.
Greg calls to say he’s been reinstated. We meet at a place near Scotland Yard to celebrate. I can tell he’s afraid to talk about Sherlock, that it will upset me. I don’t ask him about the police report of that day.
He wanted to be helpful, to prove his worth to Sherlock. At crime scenes, he generally feels out of place, extraneous. While Sherlock swoops around, barking orders at Lestrade and sniping at Donovan and Anderson, John just stands there, not sure how he can be useful. Sometimes he thinks Sherlock brings him along just to have an audience, someone to tell him he’s brilliant or a bit not good. That’s fine, but he wishes sometimes that he were more than Sherlock’s little help-mate, standing around waiting to be noticed. Sherlock clearly loves the Work and doesn’t need anyone to help him at a crime scene.
Warning: discussion of John’s death in Aokigahara (the suicide forest in Japan). Nothing very graphic; on a par with BBC episodes.
“Milverton had nothing,” I replied. “While he is not eager to advertise the details, Dr Watson has never denied his past. A man ought to have a chance to improve himself and not be hanged for trying to survive.”
“When I keep my mouth shut, I am lying,” I replied. “That is a sin as well, perhaps greater than surliness.”
The Baker Street building was a renovated Victorian terrace in a neighbourhood that had become more upscale over the last ten years, while still retaining the charm of an old neighbourhood. Lawyers and government employees populated the flats, and there was a nice assortment of shops nearby. Mycroft had helped him afford it initially, and later, when his income rose, encouraged him to move to a more prestigious area. He was content to remain, though. It was comfortable, not posh, a bit bohemian, and the location gave him some anonymity. Neighbours and shopkeepers recognised him, but nobody seemed overly impressed that Sherlock Holmes was living at 221B.
Teenaged girls are going through puberty. They hate their parents and run after boys. They dye their hair awful colours and wear too much makeup. They giggle and cry and slam doors.
“How did it go?” She’s barely suppressing her glee, Sherlock can see, no doubt already sure that it went well. A persistent optimist, she cannot begin to imagine the things that went wrong.
Seeing the plate depleted, Watson hastened to supply more biscuits. “She must be proud of you both,” he remarked.
I thought about this. I did not seriously fear Hell, which I’d begun to think was an imaginary place designed to scare children into minding their parents.
So surprised was he that I would physically attack him that he could not react for a moment. A big boy, he was unused to being challenged. I filed this away for further reference: a bully never expects to be attacked. I had avoided fighting him because I knew that his parents would defend him and punish me, but now it didn’t matter. I hated him, hated that he had ruined a book that I’d loved, and that he would surely blame me for ruining it.
He should have seen it coming. John isn’t perceptive enough to catch him in a lie, but he is friends with Lestrade. “Probably for the same reason you’ve been lying to me, John.”
He could not determine the height or weight of the man. Besides the dark eyes, he noted a badly-trimmed beard, wire-rimmed glasses, a wool cap pulled down to his eyebrows, and something else he couldn’t define.
“I’m not using, if that’s what you’re suggesting,” he replies. “I could never hide that from John. He would know. I wouldn’t do that to him.”
Now I’m standing in Tesco, listening to cheerful Christmas music and holding a list Mrs Hudson gave me for her holiday baking. Her hip is being troublesome; either that or she just wants me to stop moping and get out of the house. I’m in the dairy aisle, trying to decide whether she meant whipping cream or single cream. Who knew there were so many kinds of cream?
His heart lurched. To be so easily seen was uncomfortable, but he couldn’t deny that it was true. And Molly was right; he hated this because it brought back all the feelings he’d hidden for so long. Apparently, unsuccessfully. If Molly could see it, anyone could.
He’s going to do it, he’s decided. He might not feel ready for what’s on the other side, but he’s ready to make the leap.
I’m holding your military ID in my hand. No driving license, so you’ve just come back. Wounded in action. An army doctor, invalided home. And the cane. I’m sorry to say that your therapist’s correct: the limp
“Do you have any questions?” She’s smiling, happy to see John so improved. She looks at Sherlock, still smiling. “Either of you?”
He briefly considered holding back, but badly needed to vent. Since he was known for expressing his opinion, the others might find it rude, but not out of character. “Molly. This whole thing is—“ He groped for a word other than
“I hit him, Molly. I didn’t have any right— I shouldn’t have… but he was there, and he looked so… smug. Like it was nothing. My grief was nothing to him. I felt like a fool.
He pulled John into his lap and kissed him soundly. When they finally separated, John looked down at the socks, blushing as red as the tiny spleens.
That lifetime is about to end. I nudge the muzzle of my gun against your cheek, a reminder that it’s still here.
Another shrug. “Maybe. But I never once stopped thinking about him, the entire time I was gone. He was always there, in my mind, reminding me why I was doing all of it. I’m not saying I wouldn’t have done it if-- I just wish I hadn’t... counted on him so much.”
He sinks down on the sofa and starts talking with a long-haired guy named Andy who’s wearing a vest over a t-shirt bearing the picture of Albert Einstein. He says he’s nobody specific. “You could say I’m a drummer, I guess. Nobody rever remembers the drummer, do they?”
“I could come with you,” John says. He looks sad, and Sherlock can just kick himself for not ending it right now.
“Don’t move.” The voice was barely more than a whisper, but it didn’t sound like the speaker could be argued with.
Watson had always stuck by me before, I told myself. There was the time when he discovered my morphine in the hollowed-out book. He forgave me that, but demanded my continued sobriety. He had not fallen for any of the women who threw themselves at him— Miss Wickham, Miss Morstan, Miss Chadwick— or any of the other silly females that sought his attention. And he had not found a wife after I died. Instead, he bought into the diamond mine venture. His heart might still be mine, I hoped.
“Give me a minute. Just finished the other job. I got the stuff on Brook, and am looking for your cabbie now.”
We heard heavy footsteps on the stairs, laboured breathing, and then a knock. Watson opened the door. A short, stout man wearing a heavy astrakhan overcoat entered. His face was round, and might have appeared kindly but for the hard glitter of his penetrating eyes.
Watson pulls him close. “I had a twin. A sister. She was weak, sickly, and never grew, while I grew stronger. They said that I had stolen her life away in the womb. That made me special. And dangerous. I got in fights with other boys, but even the worst wounds always healed over quickly. It frightened them, so I left. That’s when I became a soldier.”
Sherlock has cured John’s limp, and is working on the rest of him— not to change him or to make him return the love Sherlock is bestowing on him, but simply because he is worthy of that love. His happiness is Sherlock’s calling.
I hope this reaches you, and that you don’t feel compelled to move to a new flat in order to avoid me. As I promised, I will not reveal to anyone that I have seen you. Nor will I contact you again, since I realise, belatedly, that I had no right to track you down and confront you. I apologise for breaking into your flat. That was an invasion of privacy that you did not deserve. In truth, I had not anticipated how my actions might affect you.
is open, Tiger and Lu are there, greeting her. Abby just stares from the sofa, resentful that Molly is home so late.
“I don’t know— a museum. A concert. Doesn’t matter. Just ask him, Sherlock. I’m sure he’ll say yes.”
At the house, they stood and watched as I made my careful investigation. Instead of trying to read the story of what had happened, I was seeing the evidence through their eyes, assembling a story would fit the evidence and convince them that Watson hadn’t killed the blackmailer. The safe was completely empty, and there were no legible pages in the grate. Milverton’s bed had not been slept in; his body, already taken to the morgue, had been found wearing his day clothes.
“True. Anyway, I wanted to thank you for making an effort, for saying what a few of us were thinking.”
I observed that I would be quite happy to sleep in any room, even the maid’s cupboard, if doing so would keep me from having to share a room with such a fat, stupid boy.
Philip, I sensed, had not yet awakened to his true nature. The men who might have mentored him were dull, barren and dusty academics with boring wives and children. There was no one to set a match to the passion he did not yet recognise, no one to show him what he might have.
He’s startled out of these thoughts when someone pulls up a chair next to his and sits down. “Hey, John.” It’s Greg Lestrade.
“Yes,” I agreed, reasoning that this would be less upsetting than the truth, that it was the skull of a child who had died in an epidemic many decades earlier. “It is there not to excite fear or disgust, but for… research purposes.”
I did not let Watson rest; he needed to be active if he was to regain the full strength of his leg and shoulder. There was also the question of money, which we lacked. I dared not ask Mycroft for anything; he was still paying our rent; to ask for more would make him rethink that. I took every case that came our way, no matter how simple or boring. I raised my fees where I could, and slowly our bank balance began to recover.
“Amazing!” Philip looked at me with admiration as we strolled across the garden. “Such small things, and yet you noticed them all and were able to put together a complete picture of what happened, as if you’d been standing there, watching.”
He groans. Lestrade and Molly will want to know what happened as soon as they figure out that John has left. They’ll be nauseatingly sympathetic, tell him John wasn’t good enough for him— no, that’s not what they’ll say. They both like John and know he’s a good person.
Her mouth unbent into a smile. “I am pleased that you have decided to be sensible. Tonight I have invited the Ashton-Farbridges and their daughter Lenore. They have agreed to allow you to court her. You will sit with her and be charming.”
Watson dropped into his chair with an exasperated sigh. “Who is he, though? Why court the lady and then leave her at the altar?”
“Probably for the same reason I haven’t told anyone. He hates asking for help because it’s like admitting a weakness. He thinks he should be able to solve all his problems himself.”
meant that we were not expected to bring anyone but ourselves. I reasoned that we might both enjoy some elegant refreshments, and Watson could indulge his social needs for a few hours while I observed the follies of human nature. In the long run, it would be cheaper than keeping him home. I agreed, and took him to be outfitted for a tuxedo.
Still no sounds from the sitting room. He peeks in, sees his flatmate curled up on the sofa, eyes closed, breathing deeply. There is something oddly vulnerable about Sherlock when he’s asleep. Awake, he practically thrums with mental energy, those pale eyes taking in every detail, slotting it into his internal filing system. It’s intimidating what those eyes notice. Asleep, he looks younger, softer.
When six weeks have passed, John returns to work a couple days a week. This is not a good idea, Sherlock thinks, but at least he’ll be surrounded by medical personnel all day, in case he becomes combative. Or inappropriate. He only hopes that he isn’t inappropriate with any of his colleagues.
He can’t say that John doesn’t love him, because there is evidence that is true. But there will never be a vow to stay. It’s exhausting, just thinking about the effort that will be required. He can do everything right, and John, who has always dated women, who still finds women attractive, will one day wake up and realise that’s what he wants. Maybe Mary won’t ever take him back, but by then he will have met a woman who is everything Mary was not. Everything Sherlock is not.
“All the more reason to keep you close by. Of course he wouldn’t try right away. He’s biding his time, waiting for you to become complacent.”
“Given that you’re a medical doctor, it seemed likely. Captain is the starting rank for doctors; you were not in service long enough to receive a promotion.”
Dennis, who has been hovering just out of sight, approaches and announces that Mr Holmes has selected our menu tonight, and he hopes it will please. Privately, I think that Mycroft is being an interfering arse, but then realise that maybe it’s out of consideration for Sherlock, whose system may not tolerate much that’s on the menu.
As usual, his idiotic brain is just catching up with his stupid heart. Yes, he does love Sherlock. How or why that has happened is a mystery. It makes no sense to love this man who constantly belittles and bedazzles him. It’s the craziest thing he’s ever done, ranking up there with Afghanistan and air guitar and head-butting a serial killer.
kind of restaurant, where you don’t ask prices because you wouldn’t be dining there if you couldn’t afford it.
“Oh, yes,” said Philip, clearly unenthused. “It might improve efficiency as much as twenty percent, and produces as good a product as the machines we’re using now.”
“Police procedurals are gold. Two more years and you’ll be able to create your own series, pick your co-stars.”
“No, of course not. The corpse was much too decomposed to be weeks old. That part was coincidence, most likely. He went there to suggest that’s what happened, but didn’t expect they’d find a body. It’s a very dense forest; sometimes bodies aren’t discovered for years. Even without a body, it would be assumed that he’d killed himself.”
“Rosie, we weren’t much older than you are now when we met. We thought we were in love, but at that age, it’s sometimes hard to tell love from… infatuation. I thought I loved your mum, and when she found out she was pregnant— I was nineteen, Rosie, just a kid myself. I didn’t understand anything about raising a child. But we were both so excited and happy, it seemed like the best thing to marry, to make a home where you could grow up and be happy.”
“I got extra spring rolls.” John sets the bag on the table. “And that soup you liked last time. If you’re not that hungry, maybe you could have a little of that.”
“As I said, I will play the part they write for me. I have no opinion about Baz Culpeper’s sex life. My own sex life is none of their business.”
I opened the envelope. It was a photograph of her in evening dress. “He may rely on your discretion about the affair?”
John, on the other hand, hesitates to reveal exactly how worried he is. Sherlock sometimes ignores him for days, barely saying a word. He warned John about that, so John can hardly complain when it turns out to be true. And he expects John’s presence when he wants it, however trivial the reason. John hasn’t claimed that privilege for himself. He knows that he won’t receive that kind of devotion from Sherlock.
“I asked myself, how would things have been different if I’d told you before? I’d still make your tea for you, but instead of setting it beside you, I’d rest my hand on your shoulder for a moment. When you were out late and I was waiting for hours for you to call and tell me you were okay, I’d still yell at you when you came home, but I’d also give you a hug and tell you I was worried and I’m so glad you’re all right. If people mocked you, I wouldn’t just frown or tell them off. I’d take your hand, show them that you are precious to me. Every day, I would find a way to show you how much I love you, so that by the time I said it, you’d know it was true. You’d believe me.” He gives a soft laugh. “But you
. We have three hours until she returns.” I pulled him into my arms and, kissing him, ran my hand down his crotch, feeling his growing interest. “Is that for her?”
The movie was part of a major franchise, one that had built a huge fanbase with a series of movies spanning twenty years. The plot required his character to die, but that didn’t mean he wouldn’t be asked back for a sequel. Science fiction allowed for dead characters to be re-cycled, re-engineered into an android or a hologram, and other things equally silly. If he gritted his teeth through all the pseudo-science, if he played this alien as if he were doing Macbeth, he might get something worthwhile out of the experience. He might resurrect his reputation, make some contacts—
This comment deepened Watson’s blush to scarlet. He cleared his throat. “One learns to be professional. One cannot think of them as ladies when they are in need of care.”
“Yeah, it’s a woman. I don’t think… well, maybe I don’t want to date her because I don’t want Bill and his wife in the middle of my… problems. My life. If I don’t like her—“ He sighs. “Or maybe I just don’t want…”
With a start, I sit up. I’m in Sherlock’s room and have just taken a nap on the bed. I have no recollection of lying down.
Before the alien could reach him, Alex pointed the object at Fake Jason and pressed a button, instantly freezing him in a paroxysm of rage.
. They’ll tape tomorrow and it’ll be shown on Friday. Oh, and asked around about our co-star, Rich Brook.”
Watson raised his head from my shoulder and frowned at me. “Of course not. What did you think? That I was in love?”
“Greg has been on before,” she said to him. “But I’ve not had the pleasure of interviewing you, Sherlock.”
run down an alley after a suspect. Even if you think he’s unarmed. Even if you think the other has your back, is right on your heels. Even if the suspect is getting away and it’s your only chance to nab him.
“Just think,” continued Philip, his eyes distant. “Every fingerprint can be plotted mathematically and compared in the most minute aspects.”
Ella knows he’s angry. He doesn’t like talking about it. He knows she just wants him to let it out, examine why he’s so filled with rage and despair, but he just can’t. To do that, he’d have to talk about the mother who abandoned him, the father who didn’t care, and the sister who channeled her own anger into alcohol.
Moriarty chuckled. “You must teach your bull pup to heel, Holmes. His hackles are raised and he looks like he might want to bite me.”
I thought about how John Watson would handle this situation. He would not argue over the phone with an authoritative school person. He would pick up his daughter and ask to hear her side of the story before reading the
“The soul is merely the wishful invention of people afraid to die. We are all such egoists that we can’t stand the thought of a world without us.”
“How do you know I’m not an idiot too?” Compared to Sherlock, John is reasonably sure that he is an idiot.
Flirting is harmless, but it does send a message. He hasn’t been trying to flirt, though that used to come naturally to him. Maybe he’s encouraging it without realising.
“You could do something. You could talk to me and Doctor Watson here.” He glances at John. “We were students here. We know, and we want to do something. That’s why we’re here. Now the police know, too, and they are very eager to talk to you and the other boys who’ve been bullied. Will you help us?”
“You are in a respectable profession now and likely to encounter more available ladies. Sooner or later you may find an advantage in having a wife.”
“She’s got an agenda.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Her character may have had a crush on Alex, but it goes a lot deeper. She’s written a kiss into the final scene— I’m going to have to kiss her!”
Eight o’clock found me prepared to meet my secretive visitor, wrapped in my tattiest dressing gown, smoking and cultivating a superior attitude. I do not mind dealing with the highest levels of society; they generally pay well. I have no obligation, however, to be obsequious.
He watches as Sherlock taps at his phone, apparently sending a text to someone. He hands it back to John.
“Rose said you’d called,” she goes on. “I’ve been so busy. Book signings and so forth. I promise I’ll call you this week so we can work something out.” She turns her gaze on Sherlock. “So nice to meet you.” There is something in that gaze that troubles Sherlock.
Miss Garvey was much the same as before, and she became another ally. She confessed, though, that she would not be at Greenwood Hall much longer; she had been walking out with the young vicar, and would soon marry him. I didn’t like this at all, and thought about asking John to haunt the vicar, but knew that I should be happy for her. Having such recalcitrant and disagreeable students must make her unhappy, and to leave Greenwood Hall would be the beginning of a better life for her.
We watched for some moments as the lady stood in indecision. A large woman wearing a heavy feather boa, a broad brimmed hat tilted coquettishly. “She will not hear the truth, Watson. I will have to send her away.”
After dinner they watch a show about gangs in Victorian London. Sherlock has seen it before, and hopes John will find it interesting. John is more apt to choose reality shows, which Sherlock finds boring. Compromise is necessary, he thinks, but maybe he can find something they both like. John likes history; Sherlock likes crime.
“Long practice,” I said modestly. I lay a steadying hand on the young man’s back as we stepped over some uneven ground. “Like any professional, I continually hone my skills.” I looked back at the house, where Watson stood in the doorway, looking bereft.
There was no answer to this, of course. Well, there could have been. Sherlock could have gone over to Gascoigne Place afterwards and knocked on John’s door. He might have broken in if there was no answer, and found John ready to hit him with a cricket bat. And maybe he would have let him do that.
Before it becomes more than a soft acknowledgement of whatever is filling the moment, someone rings the front bell.
Part of this is my fault. I am the one who taught him to dance, I have refined his manners, and I purchased the flattering suit, making sure it was perfectly tailored. He is mine, and I wanted to show him off.
Watson: Quite. Well, we have to pass the time somehow, until someone figures out how to fix the blasted thing.
I suppose he was his father’s child— lank, reddish hair, grey eyes, and a long nose. He studied me for a moment, then held out his hand. “I am your brother Mycroft,” he said. “You don’t remember me, do you?”
Mycroft took two more biscuits. “She is a proud woman, and a very old-fashioned one. Very proper. Since our father’s death nearly twenty years ago, she has not taken off her mourning silks.”
“Do you really think you were the only one without friends?” Holmes is looking at him now, not sardonically, not judgmentally. He’s giving Watson an opening, if he can ask the right question, say the right thing.
Or maybe it could be a date. It’s true that everyone eats. Perhaps he could take John to Angelo’s. He might enjoy that more than the place they went last night. Should he give him a few days? What is the etiquette of calling someone after a blind date? The first date was planned by other people; this time, either he or John will have to do the asking. Sherlock paid for the first date, so John might ask him. But if John is having money troubles, he will be reluctant to do the asking, having observed Sherlock’s expensive taste in dining. And maybe he doesn’t even want to see Sherlock again.
The whispers ceased; a hush fell on the room. John heard his blood thundering in his ears, felt every eye on him.
This room is neat as well, as if she’s keeping it ready for a guest who never visits. The curtains and spread are colour-coordinated, a soft teal with taupe accents. She’s got a throw pillow on the bed, a ceramic lamp on the bedside table. There’s a chest of drawers, not old and in need of refinishing, but new, like something you’d see at Ikea. On the walls she has hung a series of art prints, pastel seascapes.
Molly and Mike read their parts, discussing how odd Jason had been acting since he’d returned from Scotland. Sherlock noted that Mike seemed to be enjoying himself. For him this was just a lark; for Sherlock, it might have some career impact, but he didn’t see much choice. He was resigned, with many reservations about the entire thing.
He googles everything he doesn’t know about head injuries and interrogates the doctors who come to check on John. He interrogates the nurses too, asking why the tea is so bad, when bringing water to a boil is a simple matter for people trained in medical things. Perhaps more training is needed, or they might buy better quality tea bags. He asks when John will be able to come home. They will be glad to be rid of him, he can tell, and maybe that will speed up John’s release.
Then another set of feet. He has made a study not only of footprints, but footsteps. A person’s tread tells part of their life story— age, weight, infirmity, even mood can be deduced from the sound of feet on a pavement or wooden floor.
. He should have asked Harry. He hates asking her for anything, with her life such a tangled skein already. She might have given him some money, but he was too proud to ask.
“Then put something else on. Maybe one of your granddad shirts with a nice cardigan. That ought to be safe. I’m going to need your help.”
Brook giggled. “That water you just drank— I think you’ll find yourself feeling a bit dizzy in a moment. It works quickly, so it won’t be long. When you go back out there, you might feel all right for a few minutes, but soon everyone will be able to see that you’re high. When you collapse on stage, they’ll know that you’re still a junkie.”
When he sees happy little families in the park or at the shops, he remembers how hard he fought for that life at a time when he could barely afford to support himself. Accepting responsibility, he refused to fail. Those days were often tough, crowded with work and studies, followed by nights of broken sleep. He remembers how he used to walk the floor at night, trying to lull Rosie to sleep while he memorised his class notes. He was lucky, he told himself: he had a healthy daughter, a marriage that worked, and a chance at a medical career. He’d gone to university, been accepted into medical school, the first one in his family to have more than a basic education. He would have a life his parents couldn’t even imagine.
“Never. I think it’s fairly obvious that I’m not straight, or at least not trying to appeal to men.”
“Well, you should be glad to know I’m just a very good actor, then. What about you? Are you going to reprise your role as Neil, the nerdy victim of bullies?”
“John, there are things I should say,” he begins. And then he’s not at all sure where to begin. “I’m sorry, truly sorry.”
It’s late now, and he’s more than annoyed; he’s worried. He’s texted Sherlock a half dozen times, asking where he is, joking about how he must be in another dimension where he can’t receive text messages. And then demanding:
I’ve confiscated my laptop to type up something for the blog, and you’re reading or maybe writing notes. Or just thinking. Tidying up the Mind Palace or something. Some nights we would watch a movie or some crap telly. You would make fun of it— the stupid plot, the idiot people— but you always stayed and watched with me, the two of us on the sofa together. Your brain would calm at times like that. I always wondered how you, who need to fill every moment with brain work, could just sit there with me, watching a show about renovating old houses or baking cakes. Were you filing information away in your Mind Palace? Maybe you just wanted to feel normal, to get a glimpse inside the funny little brains around you.
As Sherlock watches in disbelief, the trainer grabs John’s arse and with one finger starts drawing invisible lines down his back and over his arse, as if he’s showing him how muscles work.
I am not, have never been, a social person; such affairs feel pointless and try my patience. Watson, however, seems to need regular injections of society to keep him content. About once a month he goes out for drinks with some of his army mates or medical colleagues. These take the edge off; he does not pester me about socialising or lecture me about how I really need to do
John’s laugh at the gym, responding to flirtation. The questions he wouldn’t answer, the obvious lies.
“They say,” he began. Maybe such things shouldn’t be said, but he’d thought it over and over for the last nine years, and maybe he shouldn’t keep it to himself. John had told him,
“You want to make sure I know how brilliant you are so I’ll understand when you never call me again.”
“Perfectly fine,” I said, sitting up and shooing away the lights that sparked around me. “Thank you.”
The flat, what he can see of it, is chaos. Boxes full of what look like files and old newspapers are piled next to the bookcases, which are overflowing with an eclectic assortment of books— history, biology, chemistry, forensics. Teacups without saucers sit on the mantelpiece, the windowsill, and the floor. Random items of clothing— a shirt, a dressing gown, a scarf, are draped over the chairs. Sherlock Holmes might have a tidy mind, but his flat is a tip. Without the clutter, the room might feel cozy, lived-in.
“Of course.” He remembers everything, though some of it is packed away. It’s not useful to remember his childhood.
He doesn’t know how to respond to this. Molly has serious self-esteem issues, which have doomed practically every relationship she has attempted. She has an eye for men who are arrogant, demeaning, and superior, generally ignoring the solid, steady men who look at her with admiration. He knows he was cruel to her, and her interest in seeing him with someone, even if it can’t be her, is more than he deserves.
Watson made himself scarce, promising to work his way around the house to the window where he must wait. I staggered into the street, feigning injury— not a difficult pretence at that point— reminding myself never to provoke Watson’s temper.
He studies the man. The moustache is gone, the blond hair shorter again. The eyes haven’t changed. Not in a thousand years will he ever forget those eyes.
He wanders into the sitting room, hoping he hasn’t missed anything. He’s sure he’ll find something in the days ahead, and he’ll get angry all over again.
“Perfect,” I groused. “Another woman, probably wanting me to find her bloody terrier or her bloody diamond necklace or her bloody fiancee who disappeared the day after she told him that the family fortune was going to her brother.”
I won’t dwell on the details of the big day, since we would have been content to stand in the Register Office and sign papers, but Mummy was happy, Mycroft was smug, and our girls, all eleven of them, looked lovely, like pink princesses. There was dancing, a great deal of food and drink, as well as cake, both chocolate and lemon, with fluffy icing. The number of photographs taken of us that day approaches infinity. I think you can watch the video on YouTube, though I don’t know why anyone would want to watch hours of me and John in tuxedos waiting for everyone to go home.
He waits, watching for the signs of regeneration. The process is familiar; he knows its timetable. Soon the wound will begin to close and he will breathe, sporadically. It won’t be long now.
“I see. But if I am to pretend to court Miss Wickham, I will not deceive her. You may think my moral qualities weak, but I stop at this, encouraging her affections when I have no intention of marrying her. She seems a fine girl, and I refuse to play the Lothario. Are you really going to propose to Miss Ashton-Farbridge?”
Sherlock knew him as a boy who was not at all conceited, treated everyone alike, and was an uncomplaining worker. He didn’t see himself as the star, always deferred to Sherlock. He seemed embarrassed about the offers he started getting, always insisting that Sherlock was a much better actor. He was a serious person, not inclined towards tantrums or pranks on set. If Sherlock had one phrase that summed up John’s life, it would be:
“Since you ask,” Mycroft says, casting a look at Sherlock, who is huffing and looking like he’d rather be anywhere else, talking to anyone but his brother. “His son came home over the holidays and seemed ill. He begged not to go back to school, but his father, thinking he was faking his illness to avoid studying, told him he must return. The boy retreated to his room and slashed his wrists. Happily, he did only superficial damage to himself, but the act was a clear cry for help. He has never been a boy to sulk or withdraw, never struggled academically, so they brought him to the doctor, who said he must see a psychologist right away, that he had been abused, physically. There were bruises that he had concealed from his parents, as well as small lacerations, possibly indicative of self-harm.”
“He is naive, and he worships you. As I do. The difference is that he is young and naive, whereas I am old enough to know what I am consenting to.” Watson struggled for control of his face, but stood his ground. Raising his reddened eyes, he looked at me. “I have deduced something, Mister Holmes.”
“Well, it was hushed up, especially after… I just thought— You always figure things out. But I don’t think you’ve figured this out.“
He gives me a tight little smile. “They were… valerian root. Not a lot of evidence that they help insomnia, but generally recognised as safe. If I’d given you a prescription for something, you wouldn’t have filled it. I just thought… well, the placebo effect is real. They did help, didn’t they?”
These aspects of love didn’t fit with Mummy’s definition. Drugs couldn’t love him back, but they made everything else look much better, which was why he loved them. And people could
He gave her a sharp look. Being gay wasn’t something he had tried to cover up, but there was an unwritten rule in show business that you don’t flaunt your sexual choices— if they’re gay ones. If he’d come out at thirteen or fourteen,
“You’ve come close,” Moriarty says, strolling out of the darkness. “But you still don’t understand, do you?”
Now all that practiced restraint was dissolving in the warmth of John’s embrace, in the feeling of his skin and the little moans escaping his mouth. He wasn’t sure how he’d ever thought that he could live without love. He didn’t intend to test that hypothesis.
John is alive, sitting in the other room, breathing. He has not been combative or inappropriate or anything else that would suggest serious brain damage.
He thinks about the man who sat across from him last night, embarrassed that he has to use a cane, quietly seeking to fit into a world that has no idea what he’s been through. He tolerated Sherlock, which is more than most people do. Maybe he could even learn to like living with him. Obviously money is tight for him, and he has no one he can ask for help.
“You’ll find someone.” He knows this is not something he can predict, but there is some logic to it. A person like Molly, who’s looking for someone, has a better chance of finding a love interest than someone who’s not looking. She’s a much nicer person than Sherlock, and it stands to reason that she will find someone she can love.
But John Watson must not die. He had been a singular presence in my life. The day he stood in my bedroom, pretending to be a doctor, was the beginning of my fascination with him. Since that day I had drawn him to me and pushed him away, forever at war with myself. Long before we met, I had learned the hard lesson that caring is not an advantage. When one learns something at great personal cost, it is ingrained, and so it was with that lesson. I could never love, I thought. Liaisons there might be, but I must always remain apart, unbiased. I was not meant for what other men enjoyed, lovers and friends, family and home. I was meant to be alone. Selfishly, I did not want to leave him.
I am, as I say, a selfish man. This love confession is mostly for my own relief, to lessen my guilt for not treating you as you deserved. I want you to know that I have always thought you the bravest and kindest and wisest human being I have ever had the good fortune of knowing.
They could have lain in a sticky, sweaty mess, falling asleep like that. Maybe that would be romantic, he thought. But he didn’t want to fall asleep. He thought about getting a flannel and cleaning them up.
Dressed and ready to leave, he considers waking Sherlock to say goodbye. No, he never sleeps much, and John hates to wake him for no good reason. He leaves the flat and takes a bus to work, still thinking about their argument.
Sometimes John can be obtuse. He might not even have realised the man was flirting until he put his hands on him, and then he didn’t know how to react. He didn’t realise the man was the murderer who was trying to distract him.
“It would.” Watson pressed his lips against Holmes’ collarbone, nipping his way up his neck, over his jawline, and finally arriving at his lips.
A gut feeling might be wishful thinking. Or it might be what he remembered one of his professors describing:
. You said so.” John grins up at him, rises up on his toes to plant another kiss on that wary expression.
The Reverend smiled. “You will learn to read and write,” he said. “You will study the scripture and learn to pray.”
John stares out the window. “I didn’t know he was the murderer. I was just talking to him, trying to see what I could find out. He guessed I was military from my posture, and he was showing me— wait, are you jealous?”
Maybe things aren’t that bad. They are still together, still sleeping in the same bed. Most of the time. A conversation with Dr Eccles will help him figure it out.
“Eat your eggs, before they get cold. Yes, you were talking, even after you fell asleep. I think you were doing your lines from the reunion episode, explaining that time travel device. It was fascinating. So, not a problem. Any more vices I should know about?”
“Maybe. I’d like to. I talked to Mike a bit last night, and he said he’d look out for me, see if he could get me some auditions. But if it doesn’t work out, that’s fine. I’ve done a bit of writing in exile, even got a couple stories published. Under a pen name, of course. Maybe I could do that. I’m sure people in the business will have some strong opinions about my return, but I’m not going to worry about it. Life’s too short.”
“I’ll have some food sent over from Fortnum’s as well. I assume you will need more sustenance at some point.”
He wanted to ask her if she’d seen any of his other work— the two films that had lost money but were critically acclaimed, the plays he’d done, mostly for practice, or even
He forced himself to stay seated. Getting up and leaving in a huff would accomplish nothing. Was she attempting to deduce him? Two could play that game.
. John chuckles to himself, amazed at how comfortable it all feels. He’s pleasantly tipsy, not drunk, and he thinks he could get used to this every Wednesday. Not that he expects it to lead to anything romantic. He’s pretty sure he’s not ready for that yet.
I didn’t know if she was a woman who believed in ghosts, but I informed her that I had seen and spoken with her daughter’s spirit. “She wants you to know that she is not angry with you,” I told her. This was the message Flora had begged me to bring. I do not know the cause of her anger, or what had transpired between them, but these words brought tears to her mother’s eyes, and it was a heady feeling to be the conveyer of such tidings.
He went to the local school, worked hard, got passing marks. At one point, he really thought he’d begun to rise from the rubbish heap of his life, when he received a grant to attend the Priory School, a preparatory school near Sheffield. It was a bright beam through the dark cloud that had been raining on him for years. Harry was gone, having shaken off the past, their father was dying of alcoholism, their mother had moved to Australia. Up until the letter arrived, there was little hope that he’d have a chance to make something of himself. The Priory School was not a top-tier school (as if he’d ever expected
“You’re fine. I switched it. The police have the one he tampered with.” She smiled. “I told you I’d keep an eye on him.”
“You’re thinking,” says Holmes. He’s collapsed into his chair and is now pressing fingers to his forehead, like he might have a headache. “Speak. I’m not psychic.”
The moustache is gone. That’s curious. He’s a stubborn man. Maybe Mary is more stubborn. It was clear that she didn’t like it.
“Could you…?” I ran my fingers over the scrolling. It was a beautiful thing, this violin. I could see the marks of his hands on the wood. It must have taken him many hours
And then Sherlock was angry, dragging him away, demanding his attention. After his epiphany, after telling Lestrade what had really happened, he dragged John outside and waved for a cab.
, but the destruction of a reputation is, if anything, more consequential than financial ruin.” He glanced at Watson, returned his gaze to me, and smiled.
With difficulty, Sherlock restrained an eye-roll. In this business, everyone heard the gossip, added their own to the talkshow fodder. One learned to ignore all of that, if one wanted to stay sane. “People might
The flat looks very neat to Sherlock, but it’s depressing how few personal items are here. The closet is open, and he can see a few shirts and his only suit hanging inside. There is a laptop open on the bed, so perhaps he was looking at something. A paperback novel lies on the kitchen counter, alongside a plate of crumbs and an empty cup.
A cab pulled to the kerb. In a continuation of the bad luck the entire day had brought, just as he got within reach of the door, another man came from behind and grabbed the door handle. “Sorry, mate,” he said, just before slamming the door.
He looks greyed out now, but that might just be the fluorescent lights in the dairy aisle. Nobody looks good while shopping at Tesco.
Seeing the man Holmes has become— no longer awkward and gangly, but tall and graceful, those eerily beautiful eyes just as unnerving as he remembered them— produces a very different effect. This is the opposite of feeling better about himself.
He shrugs. “I ran into someone I knew back in school. Like, when we were sixteen. Back then, he told everyone I was gay.”
“You’re doing that thing,” Wilkes says, his nose wrinkling in disgust. “That trick.” He turns to Watson, smirking. “But of course
. Whether it’s the case, or chasing through the streets of London, or the man himself, John feels like he’s in love.
“Yeah. Rosamund. He hates it.” He smiles. “I call her Rosebug. She hates that, too.” He wipes his eyes with the side of his hand. “I’ve been a shite father, really. Never there for her—“
When I finally drag myself from bed and into the shower, I feel as if every part of my body hurts. There are no scars on my back, but I feel them, nevertheless. I let the water pour over me, but feel the whip’s lashes burning still.
I cleared my throat. “We shall most certainly go to meet this person, whoever he is. I shall go, of course. And Dr Watson is the very man to accompany us.”
Seeing an opportunity to needle Sherlock, Watson gives Mycroft a pleasant look and asks, “What’s happened?”
It did not need to be said that he would be willing to save me from Moriarty, to die in my stead. He would do it without hesitation and consider his life well spent.
The trustees revised the course of study, and decided that new subjects should be taught, including science. One of the new teachers, Mr Hannigan, instructed us in zoology and botany. I was able to study the things that had always interested me most— plants, insects, the biology of living creatures.
“Where is the murder weapon?” I demanded, dropping into Lestrade’s chair and putting my feet up on the desk. “You know that I will get the best people to defend him, and they’re going to ask harder questions than this. You might as well share with me what you’ve found before your people muck everything up.”
When I returned from Afghanistan, wounded, I realised how ill-equipped I was to deal with my own feelings about that. I had always accepted the possibility of being wounded, or even dying, but nothing prepared me for the reality of living. Death might have been easier, I often thought. Again, after Sherlock died, I thought about how hard it is to survive, to be the one who lives.
“I used the evidence to lead Scotland Yard to an erroneous conclusion. The position of the body, the trajectory of the shots, the condition of the desk—“ I shook my head. “It was child’s play, really. Your story was ridiculous. And why did you include me? You might have said you were there alone.”
“I’m sorry,” he says. “I know you’re upset about me spending time at Mary’s, but I feel like I need to help them work this out.”
This was unexpected, as mornings went, and even more unsettling because the wizards are not only unpredictable, but are also known to attract adventures.
After two years of being alone, I have Sherlock to myself. I remind myself of this every day; it can never again be something I’ll take for granted.
“A person to share a pint with,” I replied. “What would a female see in him? Do you know the young lady?”
“I’ve got the DVDs,” she went on. “Sometimes, when it’s been a bad week, I binge-watch them all weekend.”
He wanders into the kitchen, thinking he might put the kettle on, maybe convince Rosie to join him. In the doorway he stops, frowns. Before he left for Afghanistan he agreed to update the kitchen, provided he could do most of the work himself. The cupboards were dark wood, very dated. She wanted
When Sherlock solves the case of the winery, the owner, as promised, sends them a case of very nice wine. Naturally, they have to open a bottle and try it. And another to compare. And a third to consolidate their findings.
Opening the refrigerator, he eats the days-old remains of Thai food, drinks a quart of milk, and consumes all the biscuits left in the flat. He’ll need to eat more soon, but for now he can rest a bit, and think about what to do.
A dense forest, silent as a tomb. Dark, though he could just spy the sun behind the trunks of tall trees that surrounded him, a disk nearly as pale as the moon.
I’m on a train, but not in London. This train is an old machine, like the ones you see in movies about the Second World War. It squeals and rattles as it goes around curves. The windows are hazy with the oily kind of grime you always find on trains. I can see a landscape rushing by, woodlands and farms in the distance. Not England; somewhere in Europe, maybe.
They’re drinking scotch because Murray is in the mood to celebrate. He’s talking about his baby, which he and his wife have named Marley, and Watson is trying to figure out whether that’s a boy’s name or a girl’s name. All he can think of is creepy Victorian ghosts and
Clara Stoddard was her name. She’d specialised in managing child talent, and apparently left the business after John’s suicide, now running a small art gallery in London. Interesting, but hardly suspicious. No charges were filed against her, but the rumours alone would make it hard to find parents willing to give control of their child to someone who’d lost a client. If John had been older, it might not have mattered. But a twenty year old boy, brought up on the set of a television series, might not be competent to manage his own life.
Daniel has made a variety of hors d’oeuvres and brought ingredients for fondue and several seventies cocktails. He hands John a drink he calls a Slow Screw. He and Sam are arguing: Stones vs Beatles. According to Daniel, you can’t be both. “Two worlds that exist in separate realities,” he says.
“If anything, that fuelled it. There was a fan theory at the time that John wasn’t really dead, that he’d just gone into hiding.”
Something tore at him when he saw her holding a gun. Mary couldn’t die— John needed her, and Rosie would lose her mother. Sherlock would have to die so Mary could live. If he’d survived this long only to die like this, it was worth it.
The silence is longer this time. Watson has made questionable choices in his own life, done things he regretted. Would he do them again? Probably. At fifteen, sixteen, no one is mature enough to understand consequences. Survival is the strongest instinct. They’ve both survived, doing what they had to do. Regretting the past doesn’t change what happened.
“I’m an idiot,” he says.” When I saw him sitting there with his stupid moustache, frowning at the wine list, I felt unreasonably happy. It made me feel like I was home. I forgot that he might have changed.”
He concentrates. He was with Matt and his boyfriend, Christopher. They had two friends, and then other people arrived, and they introduced them. “I talked with a lot of people. I don’t remember all their names.”
Holmes lit his pipe again and puffed until a cloud of blue-grey smoke surrounded his head. “We caught one another, Watson, at Reichenbach.”
“You know that there will be few wealthier ladies in England,” I remarked. My intent was that he would see what a gap that would put between her and himself, a lowly physician. If he had hopes, it would be better to dash them now. I took some pleasure in his expression.
His face serious, Watson had stopped unpacking our clothes and stood watching me as I studied the few words Lestrade had written. “What is it?”
When Jay notices him, he’s called on to say something. He gives his name, says he’s glad to be here, and sits again.
He sits up on the sofa. “Maybe you haven’t changed your mind,” he replies. “But you are uncertain. You’re not sure what you want.”
“Oh, God, yes.” He reaches for John, who dances away, giggling. He’s seducing Sherlock, and enjoying himself tremendously. Sherlock loves this John, so sexy and playful. He hopes no one else notices the extraordinary man hidden beneath the boring jumpers and checked shirts and corduroy trousers. Red-pants John is his alone.
She sighs. “Give him a bit of time. Come on, walk me home. You can come in for a cuppa, if you’d like.”
This entire conversation shakes what Watson has always believed about himself, that he’s moral man, doing the best he can in a world that doesn’t give a fuck. The truth is, he’s not. He’s just as selfish and judgmental as everyone else, just as defensive and unsure of himself.
“I couldn’t do it with a straight face,” he replied. “For God’s sake, I’m not a child any more. I’ve done Shakespeare—“ He took sip of the beer, made a face.
“Well, our characters can’t both be sleeping around, can we? We are dramatic foils, his character emotional and mine more rational.”
John hugged her, told her he was sorry for worrying her. “You are an angel, Mrs Hudson. I don’t know how we deserve you.”
“Not as such. The police have interviewed everyone who was there and might have seen something. We have a description, but if he’s going to try again, he’ll no doubt change his appearance.”
Watson went back to work. Praying that he’d be as quick with the safe as he’d been with the door lock, I decided to make a quick check on the rest of the house. Opening the door, I crept out into the passage and listened. The house was quiet.
Sherlock sighs, still looking unhappy. “I’ll accept that.” He sets his cup on top of a stack of newspapers and stands up. “Look, Watson, you need to understand.” He’s unbuttoning his shirt. Taking it off, dropping it onto the floor. He stands in front of John, his arms out.
I have thought about that. Not that I would do it. I’ve seen a lot of injuries, a lot of violent deaths. Suicide is cruel to the survivors. Of all people, I can attest to that. I wouldn’t kill myself like that, though. You have to think about who’s going to find the body. My body. It’s not like seeing a body in a funeral parlour, made up and wearing their best suit inside a coffin. A dead body is messy.
He never knew. It’s not the same as what Sherlock feels, but it is a kind of love. It’s more than he ever expected. He’s thirty-five years old, and has never experienced a requited love. It doesn’t matter; he accepts that John will never love him back as more than a friend.
“But, Mr Holmes— surely, you can’t mean that you’ve killed a man for nothing! You’ve spent your life working for justice—“ The young man struggled for words, then fell silent under the keen gaze of the old man.
Opening cupboards at random, he sees what you would expect to see, tins and boxes, dishes and cups. He doesn’t see any biscuits. Or bottles.
The employees are standing in a small huddle, looking uncertain. One of the two women is crying, and the other one is comforting her.
“I always knew what I was,” she replies. “Never wanted to sleep with a man. You’re obviously bisexual. So was Clara.”
“How did I escape? What happened that was different this time?” He’s glad he’s not dead, but there must have been a mistake. It just stands to reason: a murderer who’s been successful three times doesn’t fail on the fourth attempt, unless something unexpected happened.
“You can hardly take responsibility for that. Blame your parents.” I sipped my coffee, that being a better remedy for the long, sleepless night than a cup of tea. “You did get the safe open. Kudos for that.”
Lestrade sighed. “This is a disaster. I have a dead man, no murderer, no weapon, two burglars— and a story that no one will believe.”
of her young life doing that— living in the past, hoping to be Holly Martin one more time, to spend just one more hour on the telly reminding everybody that she was once an actress. If you could call what we did in those days
Striding back, he chastises himself for allowing it all to get to him. Coolly, he plucks it from those long fingers, files it in his pocket, turns (without a dramatic swirl), and resumes his progress towards getting the hell away from Sherlock Holmes.
All of this proved too much for Miss Morstan, who asked to be escorted home to await the outcome of our search. I sent her in a cab, restraining Watson from accompanying her.
At six o’clock, Mrs Hudson brought up a letter for me. I’d spent the afternoon watching Watson organising my files, which was about as stimulating as watching paint dry. Actually less stimulating, as drying paint yields some data worth retaining. Watson in the throes of organisation was frustrating to watch, as he kept humming to himself and backtracking, removing and reordering the same files. Every now and then he would raise his head and ask a question, the answer to which was inevitably obvious, at least to me.
Watson sat up, leaning forward. “Holmes, please don’t tell me you murdered someone just to see if you could—“
When sleep continued to evade me, I lit the lamp and pulled a small, hinged frame from my travel bag. Opening it, I gazed at the photograph.
Finally, they stood facing one another in a church full of all their friends and family, plus a few dozen paparazzi who had gotten through Mycroft’s security. (John insisted that they should be allowed to stay for the service; Sherlock insisted that they should be invited to the reception and allowed to take home commemorative matchboxes and fridge magnets.)
could possibly be interested in a gimpy army doctor. Maybe it doesn’t matter what his partners look like. Maybe he picked Watson because he was sort of pathetic, boring, sitting on the side while everyone else was—
I could apologise, tell you that you weren’t a machine, that I know your heart was bigger than you let on. Sometimes I saw that side of you, and it always made me think how little other people knew about you. Maybe I’d tell you how much you meant to me, that you were the best man, the most human… human being that I’ve ever known, and that I’ll never believe that you were lying. I’d tell you that I was so lost, so alone, and I owe you so much… I don’t know if I can say all that to you, not now, but it’s what I feel.
“I didn’t know you were so fond of poetry,” Watson said, reclaiming his body parts from my curious fingers.
“Friends. Back in school. You said you wondered. I used to wonder the same thing sometimes. I would have liked having you for a friend.”
He keeps John at his side and talks to him, telling him every clue he’s picked up, and where blank spaces remain in the narrative. He’s talking rapidly, still angry, but now it’s mostly frustration as he tries to pull all the pieces together. For that he needs John, who will listen and say something that seems to having no relevance, but will inspire Sherlock to see the solution.
His second scene was when Alex first reappears and comes to see Mr Smith, his old science teacher. Originally, Molly was going to have him materialise, which involved special effects, but when it was decided that the performance would be live, she gave that up and had them meet at the school.
He considers whether he should tell her about Sherlock. Maybe not now, when things are in flux. “I’ll think about it. When will you be back?”
At the end, when he noticed all the text messages, he’d called John, telling him that he was needed. He wasn’t needed, but it was nice to have a witness to the conclusion, the moment when he revealed all that he’d deduced. He’s rather proud of this one.
"So do I," Greg said softly, and handed Sherlock a spoon. "But it's all very easy to say sorry. It's harder to mean it."
Mycroft shot him a deadly glance and swung the door open. "You are very lucky you are helping Jawn at the moment, Gregory Lestrade."
Sherlock held Greg's hand during the short walk across the hallway. The door was mostly closed, letting a sliver of light into the room from the hallway. Greg pushed the door open, slowly.
Sherlock huffed a sigh and dropped his head onto the back of the sofa. “If you’re not going to listen, why did you ask.”
Mycroft put Sherlock's tray in the dishwasher and dampened a flannel; "Fine. But you're both on warning."
"You naughty boy!" John lectures as his hand rises and falls in a delicate pattern. "Wanking in our living room for the whole world to see! You have no modesty, little man and I intend to teach you some!"
"And I got to pat a goat and a lamb! And there were lots of bunnies, but they didn't glow in the dark. I inves'agated a bunny that glowed in the dark, his name was Bluebell." Sherlock paused and made a face.
"Biscuits later, Gregory." Stripped down to his pants, Mycroft felt too tired to put on pajamas so he came back to bed and crawled in next to Sherlock.
He felt Mycrofts' hand on his shoulder, and he quickly pulled away before his phone could be taken again, or worse...
Molly sucked the soup off her sandwich. Mycroft would bet she'd learn a lot of bad habits from the baby by the time lunch was over.
"Sherlock is a bay-bee," Mycroft sang back, squeezing lotion out into his hands and then rubbing them together to make sure it was warm.
Sherlock slumped down to the floor, legs splayed out in front of him and looking quite the pitiful sight indeed. “ ‘Cause,” he sniffled, wiping his nose across the back of his hand; “ ‘cause Jawn earns more treats than I do. All’a good prizes always get taken first.”
Greg smiled as he rubbed his fingertips along Sherlock's back in slow, lazy circles as the baby babbled at the movie--
"Oh, hush," Mycroft carefully lifted Sherlock so Greg could extract himself. "I've never left you to sleep alone on purpose." The baby grizzled but settled quickly once he was cuddled across Mycroft's lap.
Sherlock giggled and reached out to touch Jawn’s exposed teeth. Before Mycroft could intercede,the little doctor nipped gently at Sherlock’s fingers, causing the little detective to squeak in delight. “Jawn have nice tee'fs.”
Mycroft shook his head; "No, thank you." He stood and wrapped an arm around Greg's waist. "Why don't you have a nap, too? Might as well, with the baby sleeping."
Water being splashed in his face was the final straw, and Sherlock began to wail and sputter as he tried to push Mycroft away and sit up. "
Greg saw that neither of the boys were fully dressed. Nor were either of them in nappies. Which meant they both went little around the same time, which
John cleared his throat before he began to dump the beakers of water into the sink. "Right then, we'll do this the hard way."
“Wha’s the dur’fence?” Sherlock asked again, turning his face to the side to peek up at Mycroft with one eye.
Mycroft watched his younger brother flinch and squirm on the sofa with a touch of a smile. He’d hated seeing Sherlock in trouble when they were younger, but this was oddly satisfying.
Greg glanced down at Sherlock, who'd settled himself on Greg's shoulder. "Where'd you hide your candles, huh?" he teased.
“You’ve had some naughty behavior. You are not bad,” Mycroft corrected. “What naughty behavior are you in trouble for?”
Sherlock pouted at John through his fringe and looked about to tantrum before John ran a hand down his arm, gripping the boy's hand. "Yes, we had an excellent time. We ran into a bit of a snag when someone tried to use a marker to change the sign at the sun bear exhibit, but otherwise…” John squeezed Sherlock’s hand before he could retort. “Yes, they had them listed under the wrong genus. We alerted the staff…But Sherlock hasn't told you the best bit about the zoo though,” John took the phone from his ear and handed it back to Sherlock. “Why don’t you tell him about the hedgies.”
"We're NOT hosing him. We'll just bathe him. And if he falls asleep during dinner, then he falls asleep. He'll live." Greg stood up and held the extremely soggy nappy at arm's length, then dumped it in the bin and reached for Sherlocks' hands. "C'mon sweetheart, bath time."
"No, Sherlock. If you want to renegotiate then you need to safe word and age up for me. Otherwise we are going to continue forward just the same."
"No, you do not. It would be itchy and uncomfortable. And it'll attract bugs. Then Myc will be mad at both of us."
Jawn’s shoulders shot up around his ears at the use of his middle name. Mycroft softened his approach, “Come on now, lad. You can tease me but I can’t tease you?”
Sherlock perked up at the sound of his name. “Pink tee’f? I see?” he said, reaching for Jawn’s mouth.
Upstairs, Sherlock had finished wiping himself clean and was throwing on the clothing that Greg had haphazardly tossed in his day bag when he'd picked him up at the flat. He stooped to pick up his sodden nappy from the floor with two fingers and, nose wrinkling with disgust, turned to put it in the bin when he caught movement out of the corner of his eye. He looked up.
" 'kay! Bye-byes, Sher'yock!" she said again, and waved at him as she followed Greg out of the room.
Sherlock looked up him, his lips still stained with icing. "Daddy... I didn't get you anything for big play time."
“Mister Big Mean Jawn Green needs to stay with the rest of his crew, still!” Mycroft said as he ushered Sherlock through the door, while the little detective made increasingly frustrated grunts and tried to unhook his fingers from Mycroft’s grip. “No, little boys like you have to hold hands while we’re outside.”
“Oh," Jawn said again…that was true. But now he thought of another problem; “…You’re not gonna spank him, are you?”
Sherlock chewed on his bottom lip and looked the rest of the flowers over...Mycroft had made good choices, but what if he didn't? What if he picked a flower that didn't want to be another color? Or skipped one that did?
Greg took one of the bright yellow, bee-covered boots and knelt down to shove it on Sherlock's foot.
As if on a timer, his phone beeped an incoming email. Mycroft opened it to find Sherlock's most recent medical forms, just as he'd requested:
“Where you sitting on my dinosaur figures?!” Jawn demanded, poking Sherlock in the shoulder with his cookie.
"No. Much as I hate to admit it, he was right. I'm very full, which I just now noticed with you leaning on my belly."
Jawn, who had not once let up on making his displeasure of the whole circumstance known, now kicked it into high gear…it was getting more real by the moment. “I didn’ do annnnnnnnnythiiiiiiiiing!” he screeched, red-faced, and pounded his fists against Mycroft’s thigh. When that didn’t work, he bit him, with all of the impotent rage a giant toddler could muster.
Then again, he could just leave. These were adults and not literal children; that had to be taken into consideration.
"Yes, you're very good at that." Mycroft took the bottle from Sherlock and leaned him up, patting his back. "And so Billy and Baxter went to adventure through the forest with a bit of red string tying them together."
“We need to speak to Ms. Hudson about getting a bigger tub,” Sherlock announced, his toes peaking out from underneath the bubbles.
Sherlock carefully put his beads on the sand, arranging them carefully before sitting back on his haunches and frowning. "This wa'der is dir'dy."
"That can't feel very good for your ribs, or your face; come here, sweet boy," he said, and bundled the baby over into his lap.
"You eat your own food and take a break, y'ah toff." Greg scooted Sherlock's chair away from the table and sat down next to Mycroft, with the tiny detective in between them. "It's Greg's turn to play with the baby, isn't it?" he said, with a big grin plastered across his face.
Now, Sherlock focused on the inside of the construction paper, heart shaped card. His tongue hung out of the corner of his mouth and his brow furrowed in concentration. His fingers drew his well thought out words in beautiful script. Way to beautiful for a little boy, and Sherlock paused with a frown. He nodded and went back to work, his freehand sprawling out a little bit more messily then before. The words read, "Dear Daddy, I love you. Thank you for being my Valentine and taking care of me. Love, your little boy, Sherlock."
Greg opened his mouth to retort but a glance at Sherlock made him pause. The baby was shaking like a leaf, tears rolling down his cheeks.
“Id’s a sna’g? I’m hun’ree,” Jawn scootched off of Sherlock, causing the little detective to grumble and wriggle. “S’alright,” Jawn told him, pressing a wet kiss to his forehead before waddling into the kitchen.
Sherlock continues to glance at John through his lashes, the doctor’s usually expressive face is unreadable. Sherlock groans to himself that John is still so far away. With nothing to loss, Sherlock decides to pull out his endgame. He continues to stroke himself idly with one hand, while the other moves to his mouth.
"I buyed id on'yine. No sho'b. They's jus' bein' mean." Sherlock didn't take his eyes off of Greg, who twisted off the lid and used his chewed nails to try and peel the foil, cursing under his breathe all the way.
Sherlock’s long fingers dug into his ribs and up into his arm pits. Jawn rolled from side to side, trying to lose the menacing fingers to no avail.
"Molly is going to use a regular cup this time, muffin. What cup do you want?" Greg asked, directing his question to her.
Now that Jawn had stomped and shouted and basically put himself in a time-out, he didn’t feel like being angry anymore. He ambled around the corner into the kitchen, looking down at the floor, and mumbled a quick “Thankyou,” under his breath and held out his hand for it.
Two fingers disappear between his lips and he moans around them softly, imaging them to be the short blunt fingers of the doctor. He sucks on them until they are thoroughly wet before pulling them from his mouth with a moist pop. John continues to sit as still as a statue, only his throat bobbing as he audibly swallows.
The fingers that had been stroking Greg's neck gave his ear a tug; "There is nothing wrong with needing to be cared for."
Mycroft held down his hips with one hand; “What’s that you picked, that’s going to look horribly wrinkled?”
"Soun'd g'oo." Looking as if his fit had taken a lot of energy out of him, Sherlock slumped back in his seat and held the stuffed elephant against him, his thumb rubbing along the trunk.
Mycroft cracked open an eye and stared at the hopeful little face; "We'll see. It's past my bedtime as well. I might not wake up in time to make breakfast muffins."
"I'm sure they would if they ever tried it. Molly, cheese toasties and soup sound good to you?" Greg asked as he reached around Sherlock for his Winnie the Pooh cup.
"One thing at a time. Sweetboy? Do you want some milk?" Greg touched the nipple to Sherlock's mouth and he automatically began to suckle, making a contented noise about the warm sweet milk.
"Gunna...fuck.” His string of filth was lost with a well-placed smack from John’s hard hand. Sherlock is suddenly torn between moving back against Daddy's expertly curled fingers or forward into the gentle suction of the silicone.
"Apparently, having time alone to think has changed his mind," Mycroft said, exiting out of Netflix and opting for live television. "We should think about getting you two into bed."
"Then why...?" One hazel eye cracked open and regarded them for a moment before he huffed a sigh and sat up.
Greg made a guilty face at Mycroft, who was studiously ignoring them and putting candles all over the cupcakes. "Are you ready to celebrate?"
He found Greg and Mycroft sitting at the kitchen table, with the rest of the kitchen in complete disarray. They each held a mug of tea, which neither of them drank from. His phone, wallet, and keys were sat at his usual place at the table.
Mycroft snorted, and Sherlock giggled. "Is goo' snow-man!" he said, cramming another handful of crisps in his mouth.
After adjusting the quilt, John took a step back to admire his work. The dark wood was elegant and, John's lower back twinged, heavy. The soft grey and yellow bedding Mycroft had sent along added warmth and made the bed look inviting.
“Don’t speak with your mouth full.” Mycroft rose from the table, collecting the rubbish. “We’re going to wash up, and then its naptime.”
his fault…the other half was usually remedied by a full swat from John’s calloused hand that drove any snark right out of him in a hurry.
“Hullo Mycroft, Sherlock is going to take a nap so he’ll have to chat with you later. Thanks so much again for the tickets to the zoo, we really had a lovely time.” John said giving Sherlock’s bottom a meaningful pat. “Ta’, good day then.”
Mycroft sighed…this night was never going to end. “Sherlock Holmes,” he repeated as he turned around, a warning already on his lips. “One,” he said…
“F'wowers is a’licious,” Jawn nodded to himself, as he studiously finished filling in the green sky.
"Shud'dup." Greg sat up slowly and scooted towards the edge of the couch while trying not to wake Sherlock up.
Sherlock broke eye contact first, turning back to the porridge he’d made of his ice cream. “Can I try it too?” he asked, barely loud enough to hear.
Greg shook his head, guiding one long leg into the romper; "Never mind. You have your narwhal socks."
"Does your Daddy enjoy listening to you talk about things you don't like as well?" Greg asked, pulling the shirt over Sherlock's head.
It’s dark and it’s cold. Someone is shouting at him, their hands grabbing him. He tries moving his arms, batting them away, but he’s being held down.
John’s failure to reply never worries Sherlock; he’s simply annoyed, uncomprehending. What can John possibly be doing that is more important than whatever trivial thing Sherlock is obsessing about? He doesn’t worry about John; he hates being ignored.
He nodded. I stood and went to him, pulling him up from his chair and into my arms. “I will enlighten you,” I said quietly. “If you will allow me.”
The waiter returns and lists the specials. Sherlock insists that John order first. The fish special sounds all right, but he’s sure that they don’t serve it with chips here. “I’ll have the salmon.”
“Since this is your first relationship with a man,” she says, “it’s not surprising that there are challenges. If you’d like, I can refer you to someone who deals specifically with same-sex relationships. And I think that it would be good for you to talk about your marriage as well.”
"Nearly." Greg almost hated to do it, but he managed to get Sherlock to sit up while he wet a paper towel and wiped the little ones' hands, and then his mouth.
“Jawn really likes green, hmm? Is that why he wants mint ice cream?” Mycroft shook them out as best he could, but there were still horrid-looking creases in them...he sighed and held them down for the smaller man to step into, anyway.
Normally, once he wakes up, one of the first things Mycroft does is check his phone...and that's just what eh had done, before coming downstairs. He'd had another text from John, asking how Sherlock was.
Greg stopped, and thought...Sherlock was right. The wood frame of the door had shifted one winter ages ago; you couldn't open it without a harsh scraping sound that set your teeth on edge. "Yeah, we would've heard the door a mile off, huh?"
"Yeah, you and your brother were the ones that wanted this mess." Greg moved the top box and opened the second.
“Wonderful. I’m going to add that to our list so we both remember.” John scrawled the word to the end of the list. “And now we’re done. Not so terrible, huh?”
"Yes, you do," Mycroft said through clenched teeth as he carried in two large bags, with a smaller third one hanging from his mouth.
The praise made his cheeks warm and his heart beat a bit faster, and also made other “feelings” start to happen. ‘feelings’ that should be strictly avoided with Mycroft’s hands pulling a nappy over his bits. “ 'Uck, Jawn.” Sherlock grimaced as he showed Jawn his saliva damp thumb, hoping to stop the barrage of praise. “''Uck.”
"That depends on the severity of the disobedience, yeah?" John replied as he tapped the pencil on the pad as he thought. "I'm sure that you don't want a smack every time you do something naughty."
John’s eyes widen at the demand, and his carnal instincts take over. If Sherlock is so eager to have his face fucked like a dirty whore, then John would be much obliged.  He thrusts forward, and Sherlock is ready, swallowing every inch that John gives him. His nostrils flare as he seeks air, but he doesn’t sputter. Their eyes met as John pulls out slowly.
“It eats cat food and fresh vegetables. It will also eat jarred baby food; which will give Sherlock the excuse he’s been looking for to try it himself.” Mycroft said with a soft grin, watching a blush run across Sherlock’s cheeks. “Anthea will leave a bag of kibble and a few jars of baby food when she brings up the rest of the supplies shortly.”
They were much too little to have taken out like this, but it was far too late to do anything about it but get them back home safe and (somewhat) sound.
"Turn back on the panda movie then," Greg said, and then could virtually hear the eyeroll from his lover's direction; "No...oh look! I love this film. A French revival piece from the 50's."
"Fashion show! Gotsta wal'g on the catwal'g!" Molly chirped, letting go of Mycroft to strike a pose. Sherlock giggled and joined in.
"Oh. That sounds bloody awful.” John grumbled, pulling a face. “Do they still have laws on book about deviants?"
The little detective now wept openly as Mycroft sat on the edge of the bed and pulled him over his thighs.
"We don't want you fallin' off it, love." Greg bent down and got the powder, a nappy, and the baby lotion. "That's an awful long way to the floor. Lie back."
"It's your birthday, darling...you don't have to help this time." Mycroft turned Sherlock in the direction of the stairs; "Now do as I asked and go wait for us, this won't take long," he added, and sent Sherlock on his way with a kiss on the cheek and a pat on the bottom.
Sherlock slowly lifted his head, and the withering look he cast at Greg was enough to wipe away the slight smirk that had settled on the man's face.
"Mmmm, maybe we can make them a terraced garden. Though Mycroft will be cross if we use the power tools."
“I was just, uh, I mean, I was just checking if you're alright...I mean, I know that, y'know, that you're not alright, but I...I dunno.”
“Jawn has enough green crayons. If he needs the one that Sherlock is using, he can trade one of his other green crayons for it,” Mycroft said, hoping to head off a wobbler...years of diplomatic work was proving no match for dealing with two whingy toddlers.
"What color dress do you want Sherlock?” Greg near shouted over the squealing little girl who was tearing through their collection.
Mycroft shook his head, not willing to upset the peace they’d found. “Would you like to help me finish colouring my picture?”
"I do believe we have a rule about you touching what's mine don't we, you disobedient little brat?" John drawls from where he's leaning on the doorframe.
"We need to get you a dummy leash...several dummy leashes. You're up to three lost ones a week." Mycroft rifled in the top drawer of the dresser and pulled out another two-pack of dummies. "Come along."
Mycroft appreciated the effort but walked double time down the sidewalk. The less time they were out, the better.
“Those are fine,” Mycroft said with a nod, scooping the bucket up and putting it back on top of the refrigerator.
Jawn’s blush rushed up his chest and across his cheeks. Why did Mycroft only lift him that way? He hadn’t done it to Sherlock.
"I know you can. You're very clever. But you don't haf'ta." Greg looped a careful arm around the babys' waist and tried to guide him out of the kitchen.
He laid his head back on John's jumper covered shoulder; his favorite place to be. "Alright, Daddy."
John gets up stiffly, psychosomatic or not his leg still hurts sometimes; and flips on the nightlight before moving to the door.
Greg helped Sherlock get one arm into his shirt. "Finish your biscuit. Once you're dressed, you can have another."
Greg caught Sherlock's other wrist and gave that hand a once over. "You did a very good job getting your food in your mouth instead of on your shirt. I don't see any gravy on your sleeper."
Mycroft handed the baby the next egg and glanced at Greg, who was chewing on the sleeve of his shirt to keep from laughing out loud.
Sherlock whimpered pitifully, but removed his hands from his bottom and clenched his fists in Mycroft’s waistcoat instead.
"If you'd just stop and let me do it, we'd be done!" Greg turned to Mycroft; "Has he always been this touchy about his face--?"
Sherlock instantly plugged his mouth with his fingers and shrank down in his seat, shaking his head 'no'.
Sherlock then helped him into his coat, while Mycroft put on his own. His nose wrinkled as he caught a whiff of baby powder and milk in the lining.
Jawn turned to go into the sitting room to set up the movie, but he noticed that Sherlock breezed back into the room, with only his bottle in hand. “Where’s my cup?”
Greg came out of the shed and shoved the door shut, then latched it again. "Jawwwwwwn!" he called out, and went for the greenhouse.
John looks up from his phone and stares at Greg. Sherlock's huddled in his chair, knees to his chest. Maybe G'eg is mad at him too? Da'yee hadn't been mad until he was so mad he was hurting Sherlock so it was hard to tell? And he'd 'zerved it so that's fine, kinda. But his head hurts and his vision is blurry and even if he earned it, he doesn't think he can take more right now.
"Yea. So the plaster covers your stitches and doesn't pull your eyebrow hairs." Greg used the scissors and snipped both of the sticky bits into two.
, Jawn–” he began, and was cut off by a triumphant whoop as the little doctor held a clenched fist high.
Sherlock glanced up at him with watery eyes. “He’s…better…than me. Easier.” Sherlock pulled away. “And you’re…you. What if…”
"Good man." Greg carefully smeared the lotion over Sherlock's reddened shoulders. The baby flinched at the first touch, but valiantly tried to hold still after that initial unpleasant shock.
"Yes you are." Greg folded a towel into quarters, placed it on the floor, and knelt down on it. "The cutest, sparkliest baby there ever was."
"I drank all mines," Jawn announced hopping around them to pick up the dribbling sippy cup. “Yuck!” John exclaimed, holding the cup at arm’s length.
He sat up and looked behind him, where the baby monitor sat on his bedside table. The light on top flashed again, and there came another, more worried-sounding "My'cooooobb?!!"
"Sherlock," he called out, after sitting Jawn on the end of the bed. "Are you finding your shoes like a good boy?" Sherlock bumbled down the steps, nearly tripping off the last one, and held out two pairs of shoes. "Hey, hey, hey..." Greg spoke calmly. He didn't need the other baby hurting himself. "Look, look at me, Sherlock...it's okay, love. Take a deep breath, alright? Jawn's gonna be okay."
Jawn blushed and looked down at his page, where he’d barely done a few lines of colour, but it was obvious he was a very proud little man at that point. “Not that good,” he muttered, trying to pass it off as no big deal.
"Back to him already?" Mycroft asked, snidely...which, part of him knew that was cruel, that that was a hit well below the belt by the way Sherlock stopped still in his tracks and stiffened, but...Mycroft felt helpless. And when he felt helpless, he lashed out. He had that much in common with his little brother, he knew.
"Yea," Greg tucked peanut and Baxter in beside Sherlock, tucking him in snug with his fuzzy blanket. "Tomorrow."
"It's a soup with lots of cream, it’s delicious," Mrs. Hudson replied still without acknowledging his pout or fuss. She pulled the pot from the fridge and started to warm it up.
The moment was interrupted by a bright blue rubber duck wearing an eye-patch and red-striped bandana hit the water between them with a SPLAT!, sending water into their eyes. Sherlock bleated and furiously wiped it away…he hated getting water in his face. “My’coff, no!”
“Easy,” Mycroft wrapped an arm around Jawn’s waist and tugged his blanket down off his face. “Jawn needs to put his bottom on the sofa.”
“Yes, Darling. We’re going to have a snack. I have half a sandwich left in the fridge. And a bit of cake.” Mycroft pulled Jawn up, squishing him in a hug before walking them out of the bedroom, with Sherlock shuffling in front of them.
Sherlock took a step back, pulling away from Greg...however, the sudden movement snagged at his already aching ribs and he found himself stooped over, struggling not to grimace. "No, I'm not," he hissed through clenched teeth as he once again pressed the palm of his hand against his torso to hold the pain in place.
“Yes, well,” Sherlock huffed a strained laugh; “As you’re well aware I’m pretty much indestructible, so.” Sherlock could feel Mycroft get up from the table, his brothers' usual restraint pushed to its very limits.
"Mi'gs'er." Sherlock turned on the mixer, sending up a faint cloud of powdered sugar as the blade began to turn; "I di' i'd!"
“Ass'cident, My'coff! Ass'cident!!!’” Jawn cried covering his bum with his hands. Alligator tears on the ready.
“What trousers would you like to wear?” Mycroft asked, herding the little doctor back to the nursery.
By the time Sherlock reaches the landing John has stripped his coat and his cardigan and is rolling up the sleeves on his button up. “Trousers and pants off; kneel on the sofa.” It’s the first time John has spoken to him since the tube station. Sherlock notes something odd about his voice, but is too busy staring at the golden skin being bared inch by inch to pay it heed.
Mycroft gave the tip of Sherlock’s nose a quick kiss. “Of course you do. Like a gremlin before it eats after midnight.”
"I know. That's going to feel that way for a while." Mycroft helped him step out of he tub and wrapped him in a large towel.
Molly shook her head and felt Sherlock's ribs again, starting from his sternum and working outwards. "I can feel fractures," she said, "but they're placed where they should be. They feel good right now. Well, not 'good', really, but--"
Jawn crossed his arms huffily as Sherlock hooted, as Mycroft handed him the red duck. “Take your time, make sure your aim is spot on,” the elder brother said, and, while Sherlock was preoccupied, took up the cup and filled it with water from the bath, and proceeded to wet down Jawn’s hair. Hopefully the game lasted long enough to get them bathed.
Sherlock and Jawn shared another look, then began reaching for their prospective ducks in earnest, with a chorus of “Me! Me first! No, I’M first! Nu-uh, me!”
"You named the skull Billy? Really?!" Mycroft gaped at his little brother, arm holding the bottle falling to his side.
“ ‘But he’ is in time-out, and during time-out, you aren’t allowed to have company.” Mycroft pulled Jawn’s trousers up and over his nappy, discovering that, once they were buttoned and zipped, they fitted rather snugly across the bum. “Can you get your shoes and socks on like a big boy?”
“I was terrified about that bit to start. What John got out of it. Then we switched roles once and it made sense.”
Greg opened his mouth to call the baby a smart-arse, but shot Mycroft a dirty look instead as he sat back in his seat, cackling. "Well," he said grumpily, "what about the water ones then, smart guy?"
"Can you play the ukulele?" Greg trailed his nose down the curve of Mycrofts' neck, then came to a stop at his throat.
"Y'as' one." Sherlock took a big breathe and slowly, slowly poured the last bit of batter into the cup. "A'w dun'!"
"Here..." Mycroft sat down in the chair on Sherlock's opposite side, and picked up his fork. "Is it okay if I help?" he asked, taking the plastic fork and twirling noodles around it.
"I honestly haven't seen them since the day you bought them," Greg said, using his thumbs to rub the sugary peanut butter residue off of Sherlock's hands.
so slowly scooted to the edge of the rocking chair and stood up, groaning softly as pins and needles ran down his legs.
"Oh, baby." Greg pulled him into the promised hug, squeezing him tight but quick. "We'll figure that out later. We need to take Jawn to a doctor. Can you be my best boy and help me."
They had to nip this in the bud, else they suffer through another night of crying over the lost 'Mermaid movie'; "Candles and presents?" Mycroft asked.
Jawn, feeling that since he was the older of two, opened his arms and mumbled “Sorry,” while looking down at the floor.
"Is this how you want me, Daddy?" Sherlock has to suppress a smirk at the shiver that runs through John, he's glad he's not the only one coming undone.
“I’s smart like that,” Sherlock giggled, headbutting Mycroft’s shoulder. He liked headbutting things and, unlike his Daddy, his brother didn’t complain.
Greg and Mycroft watched, and after a few taps of Sherlock's thumb on the screen and a narrowing of his eyes, Greg couldn't stand it anymore. He exchanged a glance with Mycroft, who's only reply was an empty shrug. "...What is it?"
"Ow!" Despite his cries, Sherlock still attempts to rut his cock where it is captured. John smirks at his petulant captive and only spanks harder as a reward, but only for a few moments. The force behind his spanking changes, becoming a combination of slaps, squeezes, and rubs. Sherlock's cries blend to moans as he wiggles over John's lap.
Sherlock stood between the two and chewed on his bottom lip while looking back and forth. "Bu'd my tummy does no'd hur'd My'cobb."
Greg stuck out his bottom lip and huffed. "Tit," he muttered, and turned back to the baby. "Wha'dja say, muffin?"
“My tee’f is soooo c’yean righ’ now.” Jawn took the cup and swished the water in his mouth before spitting it out.
Sherlock froze, mid-chew, and went an extra shade of pale....even his sunburn looked a little peaked. He leaned over his plate and let the rest of the half-chewed pasta fall from his mouth; " 'm not hun'ree anymore," he said, leaning back against his seat.
Billy looked at Baxter, who shrugged and shook his floppy ears. 'We'll help you find a new home, then,' Billy told her."
They stayed that way for so long that Sherlock had forgotten Mycroft was in the room until he got up to make more tea.
"Yeah, that's the rule, in'nit??" Greg replied. If that boy was in this shed the whole time...Ohhhhh, someone's bum was going to be on
There was one spot in particular that must not have felt very well, even while he was asleep...every time Mycroft's hand went over it, Sherlock's face would frown up until the hand moved.
"Alright, alright...I suppose we can wait until morning. Let's get you padded and dressed." Mycroft patted his bottom. "Nursery."
"This is going to take a good hour. I hope you lot brought something to read," Greg grumbled, making his way slowly down the hallway. Greg's boxers had bunched up and poofed out the back of the open zipper of his dress.
Sherlock popped his thumb out of his mouth and made grabby hands at the dummies; “Mmmmmmmyyyyyyyyyy.”
"You are soooo right, I should be listening better." Greg tucked in the blankets around him and kissed the top of his head.
“No, but I’m not fetching it out if you lose it under the refrigerator. Go ahead and pick, Sherlock.” He was eager to put the bucket back up and remove the source of conflict.
"Maybe I'll suggest it." Greg taped up the plush nappy; "If you must wear jams, which ones would you prefer?"
"Poor love. I know you had fun, and you're sad that it's over..." Mycroft kissed his forehead. "But Molly can come back for another visit very, very soon, and we'll have more time then."
Mycroft wilted, seeming to shrink two full sizes as he sat down at the table, and put his head in his hands.
"I know, it was very worrisome." Mycroft patted Sherlock's hip as he slowly rocked them. "But luckily for Baxter, he had a very smart, clever little boy that loved him...and do you know what his name was?"
“Do you think you’re finished?” John moves to lean over him, his breath hot on Sherlock’s neck. “No, get back up and do it again.”
"I know," Mycroft tutted, still petting. "But guess what? We're going to have a visitor coming soon, and we need to get ready."
“The promise that this trip out won’t end like the last one. I need both of you to listen and OBEY me this time, or I’m not waiting to get back to the flat to turn a bum over my knee again.”
"Sally poked her head out of his pocket. 'Don't stand there sniveling, you little homewrecker!' she said, then hollered at the squirrel. 'You there!...You, yes, you! Nutcracker!'"
"I did the pills so you’re cleaning him up, right?" Greg grinned at Mycroft, all teeth. "I'll even clean up Sherlock and put away the left overs!"
Greg stood there watching him for a moment, hand still on the crib; "...I don't wanna fight," he said. "We do haf'ta talk this out more, but I just wanna spend some time with you."
"No, no more eggs...these are going to be extra fluffy cupcakes as it is," Mycroft said, sliding the bowl away.
Sherlock and Jawn looked at each other; the thought had never crossed their mind before. Whomever was Big and in charge at bathtime simply left any toys played with in the tub to dry overnight.
Sherlock sniffled and nodded sadly. “Do I…” He didn’t want to ask, but not knowing was making him nervous. “Do I have to still sit on the naughty stool now?” He could feel John’s mouth twitch against his forehead and Sherlock suddenly felt like kicking himself for having started this line of thought. Daddy apparently hadn’t considered that as a possibility. Stupid.
Mycroft moved his hand away; “ Don’t do that, you’ll turn your teeth pink. And yes, really. Finish up the green sky, and Sherlock can add more fish.”
It didn’t seem worth it to correct Jawn, again. And if a sword would stem the water works…“Would you like to carry the umbrella, Sherlock?”
"I am aware, and I understand. But it's very cool in here right now, and I don't want you getting cold."
"Because you haven't taken your eyes off Sherlock all evening. Which is wonderful, and I love you for it. But it also means I can watch whatever I please, for once."
"And you will be, just on the other side." Mycroft patted the cushion next to his side. "Come on, there's a good lad."
"O'gay!" Dirt came flying out of the bag, raining on both Mycroft and Sherlock. The baby dumped the little bit left on the trowel into pot. "One!"
Sherlock giggled through a mouthful of cereal, letting a thin line of chocolate milk dribble from the corner of his mouth. "Can'ee w'urm'th."
Greg kept his arms firmly wrapped around the baby, going back to rubbing his back. "Yea', Mycroft. Stealin' all the batteries."
"You came like a naughty schoolboy," John mutters, trying to keep up his dominant role, but unable to hide his surprise at Sherlock's lack of self-restraint. "Another new rule," John says as he reaches down to grip Sherlock's cock in his fist, the recent ejaculation giving John's hand the lubrication he needs for smooth strokes. "You do not come without my express permission."
"You've got some red on you," Mycroft gestured to the red dribbles of soup down her front. "This will help."
"I'd bloody well like to know that, too," Mycroft muttered as he buckled Jawn in, careful not to let the strap of the seatbelt press against his arm. "But I don't think we'll be getting a clear answer until tomorrow."
John presses a finger against Sherlock's lips. "No stropping. Be a good lad, and obey Daddy." Another kiss and John leaves the boy to pout until his heart’s content.
Sherlock looked startled; “Are you really going to pretend that you haven’t known about--” Sherlock gestured at the puff of his nappy, still visible under his robe; “...this!”
The only way that he knows that the whipping is over is because he hears the buckle of the belt clatter against the floor. He can hear the click of the lube cap over his own harsh breathing, but is still surprised when a slick digit presses at his entrance. He moans into the sofa leather as he is breached. His cock jerks in interest as John pushes in fully. John doesn’t give him time to adjust, moving his hand in steady strokes before Sherlock is ready. He hasn’t been touched like this since three nights before he jumped. He’s tight, and it burns.
Greg had nearly fallen asleep again himself, while sitting there patting the baby with his eyes closed. He got up begrudgingly.
"Just a moment, muffin!" Greg turned to go down the stairs as as Mycroft turned to go back to the bathroom, but paused at the top step. "...How are you doing it?"
“It’s not just for people who were abused as children , Mycroft. Though if you get right down to it, our childhood was less than idyllic.”
"Y'ah," Sherlock babbled around the spout of his cup while he leaned back against his brother. "Pur'ble."
"Slowly," Mycroft grumbled, taking a sip of tea. "Come, little brother, let's put cream on your shoulders before they start to hurt."
Sherlock examined the scoop. "A'w c'yean. S'are?" He aimed to put the scoop into the perfectly filled cupcake cups.
"Yea. Snack time was a little late." Greg collected Sherlock's empty bowl. "Do you wanna wear swampers?"
Jawn popped up beside him and place one of the small, plastic, child-friendly plates on the table in front of Mycroft. "He y'ikes holdin' i'd, tho'," he said.
Sherlock poured a bit of sugar into the bowl, squeaking when a large bit plopped out of his cup. "Oo'bs! To mu'sh?"
“Sherlock did it!” Jawn pointed at the baby, who had slid from his brother's grip and was rapidly crawling out of the sitting room.
Sherlock winced; the reminder made his chest throb. Not that it had stopped throbbing since he'd woken up. "I...his wife died because of me."
Jawn obeyed and held onto the man’s shoulders to steady himself, but turned his head to look back into the hallway. “But he–”
"Bea'sh," Sherlock nodded, carefully sprinkling his handful of sand on top of the dirt in his pot. "G'yitter and y'ibbons for wa'der!"
Sherlock fumed, huffing out of his flared nostrils. John had a point. With a consenting grunt, he left his chemicals on the table, and walked over to John. His shoulders were slumped in defeat and he pouted at his feet.
“I’ve seen your usual attire; I assumed you’d be at home in another bollocks-crushing outfit.” Mycroft smirked into his tea; “and watch your mouth.”
“I fail to see what that has to do with the complete incompetence of every member of Scotland Yard, especially Gerald.” Sherlock stood at the top of the stairs, hands on his hips.
He looked his little brother's chest up and down...there was one great big dark, ugly bruise, right over the left side of his ribs, surrounded by an orbit of smaller ones which he could only surmise was from john kicking him...repeatedly.
Mycroft watched as Sherlock patted the loosely packed dirt into the top of his pot, and then turned back to the garden. "This was a lovely idea," he told Greg as he knelt down and began to trowel around a cluster of short Daisies. "I'm glad you suggested it."
"It makes you very sleepy," Greg admitted. He added a squirt of baby shampoo to Sherlock's hair and worked it into a lather, careful of the stitches that were hidden in his hairline.
A faint smile crossed Mycroft’s lips; “That’s…a very loaded question,” he chuckled, and began to pat the back of Jawn’s nappy.
Sherlock sighed...fussing had taken a lot out of him, and his energy was already starting to drag. "Cer'al?" he asked, and opened his mouth for the next bite.
He'd been waiting for this chance for days...he could remember, just the other night, crying for John while his brother held and rocked him, wishing that it was...that it was Daddy, holding him and rocking him and comforting him, wishing that he could just hear Johns' voice, wishing that John was there so he could hug him and cry and yell and scream at him and maybe hit him, too, and...
"He'll be fine." Mycroft zipped the nappy bag closed, then picked up the soiled nappy and stood up. "Just pick him back up and sit down again, he'll go right back to sleep."
Sherlock tossed the jumper over his shoulder and rummaged in the stacks on the table for his markers.
Mycroft was up and out of his seat and hovering over them in an instant. "That was an accident," he said quickly, and Greg felt him lift the baby off of his lap. "No, don't--don't rub your eyes, pet!"
"I know. I'm sorry," Greg patted Sherlock's hip and tried not to groan when Sherlock rubbed his filthy face on Greg's t-shirt. "S'pose I deserved that."
"You better believe it!" Mycroft blew a kiss at him and sauntered back up the hallway, hands on his hips.
Jawn stopped trying to yank out of Mycroft’s grip, and let the man pull him back to him. “They don’t?”
"Aw...I'll clean him up, love." Greg quickly ran a couple of flannel cloths under warm water, wrung them out, and then brought them over. "You go back up to bed; I'll clean all this up and bring him back in a minute, sans frosting."
John pulls the collar of his shirt and jacket even tighter as he comes, leaving Sherlock stuttering for air. The seconds tick by like hours before John releases him. He gasps as he leans his head heavily against the back of the sofa. Now. Now there would be affection.
“I didn’t stay at the table like you said. But I just wanted to win a prize for Jawn, My.” Sherlock glanced up at Mycroft through his fringe.
"Have some faith in my problem solving skills. If I can keep the U.S. from imploding under their own stupidity, I can keep our sheets clean," Mycroft smirked as he smeared nappy cream over Sherlock's shoulders.
"I looked in the drawer and didn't see em," Greg said over the sound of Sherlock whinging about being pulled back onto the bed.
"There. Perfect." Greg walked up and pushed the tray at Mycroft until the man uncrossed his arms and took it, looking more outraged than ever. "I brought you tea." Greg kissed his cheek and turned him back into their bedroom.
The little doctor looked up from the nappy bin; “ ’s alrigh’.” He handed two nappies to Mycroft and crawled onto the bed beside Sherlock.
"I'll be fast, muffin. Remember bathtime last night? You did soooooooo well and let Mycroft wash your hair without any fuss, just like a big boy!"
Well, if the boys wanted to make a game out of cleaning up after themselves, he wasn’t going to stop them. Especially when he had no strong urge to touch the whole lot of soggy, disgusting, wilted lettuce himself…actually, he wondered if there was a way to make a game out of cleaning the kitchen, as well. Hm.
"Once we're home, we'll get you changed into your jams, take some medicine, and have a rest," Greg slowly navigated the steps.
“What co’doring?” Sherlock asked, tilting his head back to peer up at his brother, chewing on his thumb.
"Y'os'." The emotional upheaval had had an effect and Sherlock was mostly asleep again, eyes closed as he flipped through the movies.
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably in John’s lap, his pout broadening. Being rude was just part of his personality. He did not mean too, it just came out of his mouth. Sometimes he felt bad later, but most of the time he didn’t even know that he had been rude to begin with.
"On'yee if warm from'a ba'ff." Sherlock reached out with both arms and piled the bubbles into a mountain, then smashed it.
Sherlock sniffled up at him and started to mumble a reply around his thumb when a hiccup bubbled its way out instead, making his chest hitch.
“Whatever I want?” Jawn asked in awe. He didn’t get to do whatever he wanted even when he was big. “Then I’m going to the toy shop!” Jawn turned the corner, headed in the opposite direction of home. A hand on his collar pulled him up short.
" 'm not grumpy," Greg grumbled as he sat up, his hair mussed and sticking up in places courtesy of Mycroft's attention. "What about his medication?"
He felt his phone in his pocket buzz, but he was neither in the position nor the need to answer it straightaway. Instead, he gently rubbed his hand up and down his little brother's torso, carefully pressing down every so often to feel for broken ribs.
"I know, pet. I'm sorry." Mycroft stroked his undamaged cheek. "I don't suppose you would sit still for the electric shaver," he said, feeling at least a week's worth of stubble.
“Punishment is over?” Sherlock mumbled. John hummed his agreement. Sherlock sighed happily and snuggled closer to Daddy. They stayed snuggled for a few moments before John started to nudge Sherlock off of his lap.
“Why not?” Jawn gave up trying to break free from the man’s surprisingly strong grip and cuddled close, looking up at Mycroft with woeful puppy-dog eyes and sticking out his bottom lip.
They moved through the few rooms on the first floor hand in hand. Mycroft opened cupboards and searched behind doors. “It’s a good thing I’m being accompanied by a detective as it seems our Sherlock has vanished into thin air,” he said, pulling back the shower curtain to glance into the tub.
Sherlock thought about that, and then nodded, slowly. “I’ll have to discuss it with Jawn…and with John. I wouldn’t just be outing myself.”
“Your hedgehog supplies are here on the landing. Good day Sherlock, John.” Mycroft called over his shoulder as he made his way down the stairs, still chuckling.
Greg carried Sherlock over to the sink, where he sat him on the counter. "We need to clean your face and hands, love."
There is nothing beautiful or artistic about Sherlock’s thrusts this go around. Each thrust is semi-painful as he struggles to bring his cock to hardness. John watches in sadistic amusement as Sherlock hisses when he plunges all the way into the silicone toy.
!" Both Greg and Mycroft called out at once, startling Sherlock before he could even set hands on it. A look of surprise crossed his face and he pulled his hands back in an instant, his eyes huge.
"You're sweet. Okay, this isn't working." He left the dress wedged around his knees. "I get to pick a new one."
Mycroft turned off the mixer and handed the baby the sifter. "I'm going to put the flour in here, and you are going to sift it into the bowl, alright?"
“Let’s get you dressed so we can join Jawn for lunch.” Mycroft tried to pull up Sherlock’s nappy and trousers; "...Sherlock, move your hands.”
"She died because she jumped in front of a bullet. A bullet fired by one of the clients who paid her to murder innocent people."
“We’re going to have to agree to disagree there. Go lie down and I’ll be in in a few minutes for your tuck in.”
Mycroft leaned over and whispered in Greg's ear for a minute...then Greg nodded. Sherlock was busy taking big, stringy bites out of his pizza when Mycroft came to sit down beside him and set down his cup...he hadn't realized how hungry he was until he'd started smelling it .
"Thank you, sweetheart." Mycroft kissed the baby's cheek. "Brother mine, can you tell me on a scale of one to ten where your pain level is?"
Mycroft gently set him down in his booster and latched the tray in place. "Do you want anything else to eat, hm?" he asked, fastening the bib around his baby brother's neck.
"Daddy..." Sherlock asked, his mouth full of cupcake. John could have scolded him for talking with his mouth full, but decided that he did not want to ruin the happy moment.
“That was cute exactly once,” Mycroft replied (although he could possibly be coerced into saying it was cute this time, too) and reached out to pinch the little detective’s cheek, making him squeal and fall to the side. “Besides, I thought that’s what you were drawing.”
Greg cackled. "Where do you suggest we go then, darling?" he asked, eyes glinting at Mycroft as he leaned his elbow on the counter.
Mycroft heaved a huge sigh; thank God, this would be the last big step before their bedtime, and there would finally be some peace around here. He rolled his sleeves up past his elbows, and went to fetch Jawn out of the bath. “How is this helping, exactly?” he grunted as he lifted the giant, soaking wet toddler out of the water at arms’ length.
“Only, and I do mean only, if the kitchen is spotless and I don’t hear a single peep of sass from either of you,” Mycroft looked down his nose at them. “Am I clear?”
Mycroft cleared his throat. "No, because we already have two clear winners right here. It wouldn't be a fair competition," he said, working to keep a straight-ish face.
Sherlock had quieted down to a hitching sniffle, one hand held over the sore part of his face. "Owww'sh."
Sherlock just cried and pushed Greg's hands out of the way so he could lay his head back on his shoulder.
“Exactly.” Mycroft added a swat to Jawn’s sit spot. It wouldn’t do to leave this lesson half learned. “Jawn will use his listening ears from now on. When Mycroft says ‘no’, he means ‘no’.”
“Yes, you are…I’ll give you that,” Mycroft said as he quickly scooted the little yellow detective off of his lap before he could whinge anymore. “So you must be smart enough to realize that you and Jawn are both going to tidy up in here. You can either make a game of it, or make it boring and tedious…up to you.”
"I c'n do'id!" Sherlock's tongue peeked out of his mouth as he carefully poured the rest of the powdered sugar into the mix. "Sme' a'licious!"
Sherlock nodded; “Big sink!” he giggled, clapping his bubble-covered hands together and sending suds in several directions.
"Shh-sh-sh, I know." Mycroft kissed the side of his warm head. "But we're going upstairs to lay in the big bed. You like the big bed, don't you?"
"I understand, baby boy. Sometimes your mind just does not stop thinking. That's why I made it a trying rule only, it would be cruel of me to punish you for not being able to fall asleep," John rubbed his back as he spoke, hoping that Sherlock would understand that John had no intention of using the rule as an excuse to punish him.
Sherlock's answer was fast, and flat; “What are you doing calling me at 4:30 in the morning?” It was easy to put on this mask. As long as he couldn’t see Johns' face.
"S'okay, I saw it contract. You never heard that a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down?" Molly said, handing him the light again to keep him from rubbing his eye. "That's good. Means there was no significant damage to the cornea. What did they prescribe him again?"
Sherlock gave a put upon sigh and groped blindly for a spring roll. Finding the half eaten one, he brought it up to his mouth and ate it, all while staying flopped.
"Beautiful," Greg said, and kissed the tip of his nose. "I think the pink one's perfect for Princess Molly," he added, nodding to one on the floor.
"Oh, definitely." Greg finished rinsing out the shampoo; "I think you're all done, if you're ready to get out."
"Mmm." Sherlock took a sip of his tea, let it sit in his mouth...and then put it down only to pick up the sugar bowl again. "I also remember someone mentioning a present for when I was out of headspace."
"You lost the fogs?" Greg pulled in front of the flat, parking illegally. "I don't know what that means, sweetheart." Greg found the front door unlocked, something he'd scold them about later. He could hear Jawn all the way from the foyer.
"I don't think Jawn or your Uncle Gregory are that adventurous." Mycroft kissed Sherlock's clammy forehead. "...What about pizza? You both like that, don't you?" Sherlock sniffed and nodded.
“More p'ishing? Cap'n p'ishing boat, Jawn?” Sherlock scooted closer to Jawn, as much as his stork legs would allow, reaching out to pat the fish.
Sherlock snorted and pulled the band aid with the little red monster out of the stack. Mycroft carefully unbent the little horn and wrapped it in a plaster. “Thumb, Jawn.”
"Oh." Jawn wiped the back of his hand across his mouth. "Na-na aw'ways ma'ges i'd an' gi'bs us y'ots."
"My faerie house still needs a garage. My faerie drives a magical car when her wings get tired," Greg handed Sherlock the pot of beads and watched him shake them out, keeping them off Greg's stone G.
"Good job!" Mycroft helped get her thick ponytail from beneath the elastic. "Do you want a sandwich?"
“More so," Sherlock said, giving Jawn a loud smooch on top of his sandy head. “I don’t know how many times I have to say ‘Jawn is a cry baby' before people listen to me.”
Greg got up, popping his back as he headed out the door. "The real kicker is that he needs to be changed," he called over his shoulder.
Molly blushed and ducked her head. Being able to play was a rarity. Playing with a captive audience was a luxury she'd never truly experienced outside of Baker Street. "F'ank you."
Greg hissed through his teeth as he watched Sherlock put Jawn down. One jerky movement, and Jawn would be up and squalling. But, true to his word, Sherlock was careful.
When they reached the front stoop, Mycroft put a hand on Sherlock’s chest to stop him and told Jawn to wait at the top of the steps. “When we get inside, Sherlock is going to go to his room and wait, and Jawn is going to sit at the table and eat until we join him…does everyone understand?”
Sherlock stood up reluctantly, shuffling awkwardly for half a step before leaning down with a grimace to tug his clothes back on.
Sherlock jumped in shock, had Daddy  just growled? Sherlock glanced up through his fringe and Daddy was smiling at him like he was about to swallow him whole. But the look was gone in an instant as Daddy cleared his throat and adjusted the front of his jeans. "I can't wait to give you you're big boy treats Sherlock. It's going to be ever so much fun." Sherlock nodded at this, time with Daddy was always fun.
Daddy had said to be in bed. But he hadn’t said which bed. John had toted Sherlock’s expensive bed set upstairs to replace his own; so Sherlock would just go upstairs and go to his own bed. Simple. And if he was a good boy and stayed in bed from now on, he would never have to sleep in the crib.
"No, I guess I didn't, but to be fair I didn't know to ask." Greg offered his hand to the baby; "Let's go get some batteries."
“P’ease?” Jawn asked sweetly, and beamed as Mycroft put the umbrella into his hand and took the wet soother with two fingers.
Mycroft took a clean flannel from the drawer and dipped it in the water. "Just sit and soak for a moment, pet. Do you want any of your toys?"
"Liiiike...hm,"Greg found himself struggling to think of another comparison; "...liiiiiiiiiike, glue and glitter!"
“Look, My'coff, look!” Sherlock’s hands were on his cheeks and gently guided his face back to the screen. “Dino'rawrs!!!”
Sherlock sat, slowly, then put his phone face down before taking a sip of tea from the mug they'd made for him; "...This needs sugar, Geoff."
Mycroft turned to look and had to resist the urge to put his face in his hands. “Oh, for Gods’sake.”
"Yes Pet, I know. You've told me four times in the last hour," John murmurs as he sits on the bed next to Sherlock, running a hand over his fleece covered shoulder.
"Jawn y'ike sand," Sherlock said, his voice getting quieter as tears welled up in his eyes and dribbled down his nose.
There was a pause on the other end of the line, presumably to fetch a minion. "Is everything alright?"
"Hm. Regular people also crawl around in nappies while pissing themselves and sucking on their thumbs? And actively trying to get their arses smacked?"
“That sounds frustrating, but does not change the fact that I told you to find another dummy to replace this one.” Mycroft gently squeezed Jawn’s wrist. “You aren’t doing this for Sherlock. You are doing it for me.”
"Do you want to bring any special toys with you?" Sherlock shook his head and slipped a thumb into his mouth. "Maybe we'll have a peak in the toy box before we leave."
It was quiet in the flat for a few moments before a loud crash and a terrified wail had Sherlock racing down the steps two at a time.
Mycroft groaned. "Oh, God. You're a bigger baby than he is," he motioned to Sherlock as he sat back and held out his arm for Greg.
“Aren’t you going to help Sherlock fill the tub?” Mycroft asked, taking a nearly imperceptible step back from the filthy little burglar.
"Which means you have room for a few more. C'mon, muffin, let's invite more friends to that party in your tummy."
Mycroft tipped his cup at Sherlock. “I think the only one who trusts Lestrade more than you or I, is John.”
Greg opened his mouth and stuck his tongue out, showing his half-chewed rice and curry off in all it's gory...er,
"Tease," Greg smirked over his shoulder. "Muffin. You got an entire order of spring rolls all for yourself!"
Mycroft unsnapped Jawn's onesie and set about getting him cleaned up. "You are so, so, so very tired, dear heart."
It's also the first time Greg's been able to see him since he's gotten home from the hospital. Yeah, John had told him that he'd hit him, and he thought "Okay, the boys had a scrap, Sherlock was manic, shit happens."
“Yes, it’s Valentine's Day,” he announced, standing up. “And you’re my lover. So… big boy time is called for.”
Jawn turned his head just enough to peek up at Mycroft with one still-wide awake eye. “Were we ba’?”
Mycroft consulted his watch…five minutes, even. “Is Jawn ready to come back and sit with us?” he asked out loud.
Mycroft removed Jawn’s trousers completely, leaving him in just his nappy and jumper for convenience (the fact that he looked incredibly adorable a fortunate, but unrelated, bonus), and now took his hands to help him sit up. “Careful, Sherlock…and yes, I meant it. Chips, fish, vinegar, and greasy newspaper; all of it. You only have to promise that you’ll finish most of it instead of poking at it.”
"If only they'd filmed it in grainy black and white." Greg carefully brushed curls off of Sherlock's forehead; "He's gunna have a scar."
‘Nosy’ Little Sherlock wrinkled his own nose at his brother and looked down at the picture like Mycroft asked. “Cake!” he babbled excitedly, picking it up.
"We're only starting with three today, one for each of us," Mycroft replied, raising his eyebrow as Sherlock set down his curiously heavy purse. "What did you bring to decorate with?"
"I dun' wan' g'een," Sherlock said, and obediently climbed out of the car and let himself be scooped up.
"Shhhh...almost done, muffin." Greg pressed his lips to Sherlock's warm forehead, while Mycroft got him cleaned, powdered, and padded. "Almost done."
Mycroft took the pack of candles back, looking utterly charmed. "Why did you take the candles, pet?"
“We’ve been having a hard time with that last bed time rule this evening haven’t we?” There’s a small nod from the little detective. “And that’s alright, it’s a tough one to follow I know. But this is going to be your last warning, alright love? You’ve had a drink, you’ve been to the loo, and you’ve had three tuck ins. So the next time you’re out of bed there’ll be a smacked bottom in it for you. Do you understand?”
Jawn frowned but did as he was told, popping the plug and letting it float on top of the water. “Y’ook, y’ook!” He hooted as the plug began to spin in the vortex of water leaving the tub. “Gimme the ducks! P’ease! The ducks!!” Jawn half crawled out of the tub to retrieve Sherlock’s duck from the floor.
Sherlock looked up at him, still not quite sure of where he stood in either headspace, but let his older brother guide him up the steps and down the hall, to their spare nursery.
"I hate this movie," Mycroft groused. "It's two fart jokes away from being one of those buddy cop films you make me watch."
Sherlock finally tore his gaze away from the pictures on the box and looked up at them, beaming, with a hint of boyish glee back in his eyes. "Yeah!"
"What if you are cruel?" Sherlock accused with the most adorable pout that John had ever seen. It was not a put on, but genuine, and John felt himself growing more attached to the innocent part of Sherlock Holmes.
Greg nodded; "Y'ah, we can do play-doh," he said, adding 'at least until your meds kick in,' silently to himself. "But first, I want you to do something for me."
“Luckily you rarely pay the cab fare.” John commented, but there was not heat to it. He closed the door quietly and followed Sherlock up the stairs. They’d have to have another discussion about slamming doors.
Molly hopped up and scurried to the full length mirror on the closet door. "Oh! Is so b'ootiful," she touched it carefully. "Can you put the tiara on?"
He nudged Jawn back a bit and placed a hand on his cheek to get the baby to face him. “What is it that you don’t want?”
Mycroft smirked, and made his way back to the door. “Don’t stay up too late…it makes you terribly grumpy in the morning,” he said and with that, he closed the door behind him.
Greg's eyes cracked open to see Sherlock's face inches from his nose. The dim light of dawn made the bruising around his eye look all the worse. "We have to put some food in your belly first, or your medicine will make you throw up."
"Jesus," Greg muttered, both relieved and saddened all at once. He turned to go back into the kitchen and found Mycroft's posh-twat ice bucket (he couldn't even think the word without rolling his eyes), and put the milk bottle in, then added the ice around it.
"...I can recover without pissing myself and watching cartoons," Sherlock said, and started up the stairs without looking back.
Jawn stared at the cake for longer than one should just for deciding how to eat it, but he finally looked up at Mycroft. "Bo'ff?"
"I could leave you like this, yeah?" John whispers, the hand not holding the lube he had gone to fetch begins to palm his own hard cock. "You're all spread out and on display for me. Maybe losing your modesty will teach you how precious it is that I allow you to have it most of the time."
"You called?" Greg appeared at his shoulder with a blue, ruffled onesie in one hand, and a brush in the other.
Without a second thought, Sherlock gave the short stool a rather forceful kick, sending it careening down the stairs. The noise was brilliant; each impact of the stool off of the stairs echoing through the stairwell in perfect stereo. Sherlock bounced on the balls of his feet and clapped his hands, euphoric for all of three seconds until a hand wrapped around his forearm and turned him in place.
"--Shut up. So, if you'll excuse us, we're going inside," Sherlock finished, and carried Jawn off towards the house.
“Good boy…we won’t be long.” Mycroft patted Jawn on the head and quickly made him a sippy-cup before shedding himself of his outer coat, his gloves, and his suit coat. He entered the nursery, and shut the door behind him.
"You're not listening to me. I said NO!" Sherlock is suddenly shouting and the expression on John’s face goes from soothing to thunderous in a single heartbeat.
“Thought you knew everything,” Sherlock pouted, then tried to brush Mycroft’s fingers away. “I can do that part!” he announced, wanting to prove that he could indeed do his own buttons after failing with his trousers.
Sherlock gripped Mycroft's shirt so hard that it made his fingers ache. He couldn't think. He couldn't speak. All that flashed through his mind right now was John's face as he stood above him, distorted with rage.
A powerful grin spreads across John's face at the way Sherlock’s reacting. His non-spanking hand snakes around Sherlock's thin waist. "This," he grips Sherlock's hardness in his fist and gives it a squeeze. "Is mine. You are never to touch it without my permission again."
"Did you have good sleep? Do you need a fresh nappy?" Greg scooped him up and carried him to the changing table.
“Oh, oh!” Mrs. Hudson chirped pulling a brick of a cell phone out of her pocket. She squinted at the screen. “It’s Mrs. Turner! She went with her married ones to Singapore to adopt their baby!” Mrs. Hudson crowed, moving out of the kitchen. “Won’t be but a mo!” Mrs. Hudson tutted over her shoulder as she stepped into her bedroom, mostly shutting the door behind her.
Mycroft, who had started to scold Jawn about using his inside voice again, stopped mid-sentence. “Try again, lad…press harder this time.”
Bits of soggy lettuce clung to Jawn’s skin and to the inside of his discarded nappy. “Please put your nappy into the rubbish can.”
“Yes, really. Come back anytime. This is your home too,” Greg added, his voice sounding tougher than Sherlock could remember ever hearing it.
"Jawn my...Jawn's my baby," the little detective said, frowning up the stairs. "I should..." he paused, his brows drawing together in a deep 'V'. "...I should be taking care of him."
Being in no mood to stand there and question him further (and neither was his back), Greg eased Sherlock into the car, where Mycroft took over.
“Yes, that would have been my next request, very good.” Mycroft slid the garment underneath his little brother’s backside and Sherlock dropped like a rock, arms still crossed the entire time. “But I was going to ask…don’t you have something to say to Jawn?”
Mycroft unzipped his sleeper and exposed the aptly-described 'urgent' nappy, and tutted...Gregory had been right; it wouldn't have survived not even one more wetting. "You really were sleeping well, weren't you?" he cooed as he popped the tapes. "I'm sorry."
"That's right," Greg said, holding Sherlocks' arm as he stepped in. "Maybe chips too, if Mycroft's feeling generous."
While Mycroft fed the baby his medicine, Greg stood and went over to the sink, where he gave his face a wash with some cold water.
"I made every effort to be," Mycroft said into his tea. "Though at one point you were sleeping in my lap, wheezing because of the damage to your face and ribs."
Sherlock took them begrudgingly, swallowing both at once and chugging from his sippy cup. "Ble'g, I ha'de tha'd!"
"We also still have all the left overs from last night. We can have salad and those rolls to go with..."
.” He sing-songed, ignoring Sherlock’s pout as he wrestled his long limbs into the sleeper, taking care to get the devilishly small snaps to line up.
Sherlock looked up and gave his brother a broad, shit-eating grin. “I would get it myself, but…” He used his head to gesture down at Jawn dozing in his lap, and shrugged.
Mycroft placed his bowl of soup beside Greg's and then set the plate of hot sandwiches in the middle of the table, where everyone could reach. "Try it, sweetheart. Just one bite for your Uncle and I?"
“Jawn,” Mycroft interrupted, suddenly more tired than he’d felt in years. “What are you talking about?”
Sherlock sat back in his booster, thumb in his mouth, and was staring down at the food Greg was putting on his tray, his brows furrowed with distress.
“Sher’yock got spankings a'fore, for coloring on the walls and the table,” Jawn peeped behind Mycroft, causing the older man to jump.
"Very dapper bees." Mycroft shook out the pajamas and undid the zipper. "You put your left foot in."
“Yes, I see,” Mycroft said again, tilting away from Sherlock’s hand to avoid taking a bubble wand to the eye. On the screen, a man had just been dragged through a waterfall and presumably eaten…well,
Sherlock placed the pink part of his cup on the purple saucer that he'd made, then picked up his bottle. "Wha's G'eg ma'ging?" he asked, leaning back in his chair to watch.
"No be'." Jawn pulled his eyes open for a moment before they dipped closed again. Mycroft took off his bib, marveling at the mess down the front of his onesie.
“Now get your bottoms into the nursery. You both need nappies before we have to add puddles to the list of things to clean.”
Sherlock looked around, then pointed over to the cots he and Jawn used when they didn't sleep in the crib.
“I y’ost my car,” Jawn gasped and struggled to untangle himself from the towels. “My’coff! Car! I nee’ it.” A pinch to his bum caught his attention quickly.
Mrs. Hudson smiled fondly at him as she took the cup. "I bet you can help me put the kettle on, can't you?"
"I'm glad you think so, since they were for you. But why were you looking in the kitchen drawer in the first place?"
"As much as Sherlock strives to deny it, he's a hot house flower. He takes care and maintenance. Which John gave up on providing."
“He never lets anyone hold it,” Sherlock whispered in Jawn’s ear. “No one but ‘Thea, an’ she’s special.”
Greg nodded slowly and fetched two pillows, one that they wedged behind Mycroft's back and the other against his lap where Greg laid his head. "I still don't like this movie," he said...until he felt long fingers rubbing over his scalp, making him sigh and melt into the sofa.
"That was before we decided to put cream on your shoulders," Mycroft said, selecting a thin, powder-blue t-shirt that felt soft to the touch, with the word 'B-A-B-Y' spelled out with building blocks.
Mycroft frowned slightly. Jawn’s skin looked a redder than it had at the last change. “How long were you wet, little boy?”
"Why are you sorry?" Greg wrapped his arms around himself. He hoped it made him look stern and not like he was hugging himself to keep from collapsing into a puddle.
Mycroft rolled his eyes, then leaned towards Sherlock. "Do you want another piece of pizza first, or are you ready for your biscuit?"
The first few thrusts are tentative, and Sherlock relaxes just a fraction before John sets up a punishing pace, slamming his hips into Sherlock’s rapidly bruising flesh. John has never taken him like this before and it takes Sherlock several minutes to realize that this must be part of his punishment too. His cock, which had shown renewed interest when John was fingering him, tries to bury itself inside his body.
"Ohhhhhhh..." Greg took the tea bags from each cup and tossed them in the bin. "You're right; good call," he said, and slid Mycrofts' tea across the counter at him.
"Ten se'gon's. One. Two. F'ree," Sherlock counted off his fingers as Greg slipped into the bedroom and grabbed the bag of medicine off the side table.
"Y'ah," Sherlock said. He took the bottle and shook it again, and frowned when there was still no golden glitter to decorate his sand with. He held it up and shook it at Greg; "I'd won'd come, G'eg."
“All toys that are capable of noise at that decibel belong outdoors. Everything else is negotiable,” Mycroft said, ignoring the attitude.
They were both silent and, even though Sherlock's phone would later tell him that the entire conversation lasted less than six minutes total, he felt that it had been much, much longer.
Greg laughed out loud as he sat up, then helped the still sputtering baby sit up, too. "Yeah, that was funny, wasn't it?" he said, leaning Sherlock against his shoulder and patting his back. "Uncle Greg's hilarious."
“Oh. Right.” Truthfully, Mycroft hadn’t seen the movie in 40 years (at least), and had no idea what Jawn was talking about. He turned back to Sherlock; “As I was saying, little boys who–-oh, fuck’sakes,” he muttered.
"Things for bedtime," John replied, using his thumb to clean off some of the icing from Sherlock's chin. "For big boy time."
“I wanna help! I can help!” Jawn scrambled up and around the end of the table until he was kneeling opposite Mycroft, green crayon poised for action.
Mycroft wrapped his arms around Jawn’s shoulders simultaneously. “There,” he said, lightly patting his back, “Let’s make a pact to stop teasing each other the first time one asks, yes? Good plan?”
"It should have batteries in it already," Greg said, turning the toy over and opening the plastic hatch over the battery case. "Because I tested it in the store."
“But I take'd one aw’ready,” Sherlock said as he placed his dishes in the sink and turned the faucet on them.
“Yes, green. How did the two of you get this shirt on him this morning?” Mycroft asked as he undid the last of a dozen tiny buttons down the front of Sherlock’s shirt.
Sherlock can feel his eyes grow hot and he can't remember why he thought he would avoid the smacks he's about to receive. "My bottom..."
Sherlock rolled his lips between his teeth, biting down hard for a moment before glancing up at Daddy through his fringe.
"Yellow bubbles still sound odd." They made their way to the main bathroom with little mess...most of the glitter was practically pasted to Sherlock's legs and feet with sweat. "Pick what toys you want, muffin," Greg said as he started the taps and waited for the water to warm up.
Sherlock willed himself to not break into a run, but still his pace quickened until he reached the wheelbarrow. "Jawn--?!?!?" he said, lifting the side of it up off the ground...
"Yes. She's going to tell us how to help them heal properly so that you don't have any more ouchies."
"Really?! Cause I have been looking at this detonator set and I think..." John stopped him with a swat to his hip.
Mycroft sat down and pulled the teary little man into his lap while giving the plastic dinosaur a good once-over. “A plaster is just what he needs,” he announced as his final verdict. “And he’ll be the snazziest dinosaur among his friends while it heals. ‘Elmo’ is all the rage,” he said, though he didn’t have a clue what an ‘Elmo’ was.
“Here,” Jawn pointed to an invisible spot on the bridge of Sherlock’s nose, making the little detective go crossed eyed trying to see his freckle. “And here,” he then traced his finger down Sherlock’s nose and to the top of a high cheekbone. "They are very faint, but I can see ‘em well. What should we name ‘em?”
Mycroft shook the bucket, moving some of the bottom prizes to the top in hopes of avoiding another scene.
“He can stand to be a little lonely right now…hands on my shoulders; step in,” Mycroft replied, bending down and holding the trousers out.
Finally, after many night wakings, I divined what she wanted. Ghosts who have left someone behind generally want to convey a message to that person. In Flora’s case it was her mother. I went the next day and found the the elderly Mrs Buckle living in a small flat. Flora’s picture was on the wall, taken at about age sixteen, I guessed.
“Thank you for the tea, Molly.” He stands and gives her a small smile. “And for what you said. I think… I don’t know the words yet, but I know what I want to say.”
Except Sherlock Holmes. For some reason, he’s always popping up, uninvited. With or without a swirl.
. Always the best of everything, and made sure everyone knew it. Watson always tried to block it out. Now he wonders why Wilkes wasn’t at Eton or Harrow. The Priory School has always been second-tier, just barely. After so many years of hating this man, despising him for having everything and being such a dick about it, Watson feels as if he’s just now seeing who he really was, and most likely still is: a boy not smart enough to go to the best schools, a family recently wealthy with only shaky connections, a man with few talents who envies those with real brilliance. Everything about the man spells ostentation, an almost desperate need to impress.
“John,” he says, laying down his fork. “You should know that this is new territory for me. Please tell me if I’m doing something wrong.”
She proceeded to tell us a long, strange tale. Watson would have made a novel of it, as he no doubt already had with the tale of Miss Sutherland and her non-existent suitor. The bare facts, however, are as follows: her father was an officer in an Indian regiment; her mother had died when she was an infant. In her father’s absence, she’d been raised in a boarding school in Edinburgh. After serving in India for many years, Captain Morstan had returned to England, only to disappear on the very day she came to London to meet him. The police had never solved this mystery.
At night I lay awake, going through my memories. My mother came to me, her hair grown long again, dark and curly. With sorrow in her eyes, she told me she was sorry, that she wished she had lived to see me grow up.
“You’re very loyal, Molly, but I’ve made countless mean-spirited remarks to you. The fact that you still consider yourself my friend is a credit to you, not me. I am not worthy of your concern.”
Sherlock had made him a one-of-a-kind present that he’d never wear out or throw away. And he’d gotten Sherlock a pair of socks.
real sex, you know,” Sherlock mumbles sleepily. “We don’t have to—“ He sighs. “Just having you here, like this. It’s enough.”
He backed up and gave another run at it, leaping up as he reached it, and falling back to the ground. “I can’t reach it, Holmes,” he whispered frantically.
It’s not easy. He hasn’t heard from John in a month, and he feels empty. There is a case, a blackmailer, but it hardly feels worth it. John used to keep him right, make things interesting even when there wasn’t a case, and now he’s gone.
Finally I sit up. I’ll make a cup of tea, sit downstairs for a while. Maybe I’ll read a book or see what late night telly has to offer.
The afternoon had passed in much the same way. John was reading a novel, and Sherlock fell asleep on the sofa. When John woke him up at six to ask about food, they’d decided on takeaway from the Thai restaurant nearby and had it delivered. They’d settled in to watch a movie, one Sherlock didn’t care about, but he liked sitting with John, who would card his fingers through Sherlock’s hair while they watched. After the movie they’d taken a loo break and then decided to watch the talk show for a while before going to bed. All in all, a quiet and uneventful day. A comfortable day.
The silence lasts longer than is comfortable. She used to chatter at him all the time, telling him stories, talking about school, her friends, her favourite books and music, insects, the solar system… He doesn’t know how to talk to her anymore.
When he found John, he’d been stabbed in the gut. There was more blood than there ought to have been, and Sherlock could only do what John always said:
“I did not start it,” I said, shrugging my coat into his hands. “A man followed me down Marylebone, attacking me just as I turned onto Baker Street.”
alive,” I said, resting my forehead against his. “And we did meet again. I’ll never forget what I felt when I saw you coming off that ship. I was so happy just to see you alive.”
“My middle name is Mary, same as my mum, so that’s no good. She only married my dad because she got pregnant. Now they’re getting divorced— and ruining my life.”
What he does remember: pulling up to 221B in a cab, seeing John standing there, with his cane. The John Watson he didn’t know yet.
“She wrote to you recently. That seems like a good indication that she is still interested. You should think of marriage and a family.”
He nodded, his childish face solemn. He looked down at the ground beneath my feet. I followed his gaze and saw, as if my vision were penetrating several feet of earth, a small skeleton splayed out. The spine was still lying in one piece, but the limb joints had disintegrated, leaving the arm and leg bones loose, separated from one another. I lay on the grass, admiring the small finger bones and the cunning hands and feet. But the skull gazed up at me with empty sockets, no life in them. Whatever life John had possessed now resided in his spirit form.
Sherlock shakes his head. “Even if he did have feelings for me, he hates me now. I’m sorry, Molly. I’ve wronged you. I was always flattered by your attention, but I now understand what it means to have your feelings unrequited. To be rejected. Love is a dangerous delusion, something not to be trusted. I’d forgotten that, to my detriment.”
“You mean, can people tell you’re gay?” She chuckles. “You’ve always been able to pull from both sides, Johnny. You’ve just chosen to ignore the men.”
“It’s bittersweet for them, knowing that it will never happen. And there has been some discussion about Brook. He’s a nobody, and fans are trying to figure out why he would be cast as Jason.”
The noise happened again before Greg looked around and realized that the movie was on the menu screen. "Jawn," he groaned, then rolled out of bed and took the baby monitor with him. No need wake up those lumps.
John barked out a laugh. “Chips are not a meal Sherlock. And a single serving of chips that it takes you all day to eat does equal several meals.”
Jawn gestured vaguely to the sitting room before reluctantly dropping his handful of pilfered green crayons back into the tub. He replaced the lid, and then hugged the large tub to his chest before standing up and trotting back down the hallway.
Sherlock lifted his hips automatically. He had his nappy changed all the time. And there was never anything sexy about it. Well, almost never--except this time his thumb was in Jawn’s mouth and he was sucking on it like it was the only thing keeping him on Earth.
"I appreciate that, muffin. But the rules are the rules," Greg ran a comforting hand down the baby's back.
A little of the tension left Jawn’s shoulders, and they sagged with relief. But as soon as he seemed to be settling, the little Captain puffed up again; “Why do you think no one would look twice at my bum?”
Greg fought the urge to sneer, and decided to ignore that part. "Don't put that in your mouth, muffin. Do you know where your brother puts them?"
Now that he had something to brace against, Sherlock let himself sag against the edge while pressed the flat of his hand to his chest, as if he were trying to hold the pain in one place and keep it from spreading.
"P'ish!!! They's a'righ!" Sherlock dropped the end of his spring roll onto his tray and made grabby hands at his toys.
"S'yippery," Sherlock agreed with a grimace, the bruise on his hip from slipping in the tub had been there for weeks. "I come too?" He scootched off the bed and stood in the doorway of the closet.
Greg shucked down his jeans, leaving him in just his boxers, and climbed into bed. "You sure that's, uh..?"
"Sherlock..." Greg didn't want him hurting his ribs with all his twisting. "Do I need to spank your bum?"
"Stain," Sherlock repeated, clapping his hands excitedly as Mycroft pulled each of the little bottles out of the box and sat them in front of their respective cups, saying each color out loud. "Yellow."
"You can have your cup," Mycroft said, while ignoring the dramatics. "Is there any juice left in it?"
Greg and Mycroft shared another look before Greg pouted at Sherlock; "But I took the day off work to spend the day with you. Don't you want to spend the day with me?"
That, along with half a mop of curly hair hanging in his face, made him look adorably disheveled. Mycroft smirked; “Nothing; it means you’re going to clean up even if I have to tie you up in strings and manhandle you like a puppet.”
Sherlock, who’d been chewing on the knuckle of his thumb, stopped and stared back up at Jawn, waiting to see what he was going to do.
"I s'eepin' in'na crib, too?" Sherlock frowned; they always snuggled up together in the crib. It was cozy, and they could whisper and giggle until they fell asleep.
Sherlock sat up and watched Greg unloading all of the food...there were chips, of course, with gravy and cheese curds, as well as brisket, big round yeast rolls, corn, and a massive salad. "Y'ah, sh'ips."
With a final determined nod, Sherlock leaves the nursery. He moves very carefully this time, skipping the squeaky board. This time John will have no idea that he’s coming. Soon he’s standing in the middle of the sitting room staring at John behind his paper.
“I bet you’re not going to tell me any of your hiding places, are you?” he asked softly, tilting his head to peek down at his brother, who looked back up at him with a tear-covered, ruddy face. “No, I thought not.” Mycroft tapped the tip of his nose and kissed his forehead.
"Yes! They looked around to see who had spoken, when the tiniest little fairy slipped out of one of the flowers that Billy held.
Sherlock took his finger and scooped a heaping pile of frosting into his mouth. "I'ss re'yee!' he said through a mouthful, clapping excitedly. "I'ss re'yee!"
