"Anyhow, as I said the other day, we lost that first battle. You fought Thanos in New York and then on a planet called Titan for the Time Stone, but he won it. Thanos meanwhile made a portal to Wakanda for the Mind Stone." He pauses, distracted and with a thousand-yard stare. "We couldn't stop him. He got the stone, snapped his fingers, and that was it. We all lost." After another beat, Steve turns to look at Tony again. "Carol rescued you and Nebula from space, almost starved to death. You were still so, so angry at me."
Tony risks a look at his own Steve, curious to see how he's processing this, and there's quiet wonder on his face. He's staring at Natasha Stark and how she's taking her place at her Steve's side as if she's a revelation. Tony doesn't know how to process all of this, so he turns to Reed.
"You feel so, so good. So tight and hot." Seve kisses him then, soft at first and then more forcefully when Tony opens up for him. There's a tinge of bitterness on Steve's tongue that Tony recognizes as his precome and it's incredibly erotic.
"I can work with that." Tony surveys the various levels shown on the HUD. "Hey, take this," he tells Steve once the shield looks like red and gold metal. Tony could have shrunk it and replicated the standard Cap shield, but he likes that this shield is large enough to protect all of Steve's body for once and made in Tony's colors.
True, Tony doesn't completely hate the idea either. Seeing Cora and Lilly get along so well is heartwarming, too. He and Steve have been doing well in the last few months. They're friends now, which Tony cherishes.
Cora takes flight, going towards the bathroom while Lilly chirps happily from her perch. Tony looks at them go with fondness and then turns back to Steve. Their daemons are not far enough for it to trigger an anxiety response, and Tony has more pleasurable things on his mind while they are out of sight, anyway.
Again, Ayesha’s attention goes to Carol. It's a safe assumption to make. Carol's powers would have allowed her to shoulder the burden all by herself if she'd reached Tony in time. On the other hand, Ayesha dismisses Steve completely who
Instead of looking for mentions of a Captain—let's be real, there are many in the European theater—Tony began searching for other names that appeared more than once in his searches. Dugan. Dernier. Morita. Barnes. Falsworth. Jones. If Captain America has a unit, they must be part of it.
Twenty feet from them, roughly in a half-circle, three pairs of fighters are marching towards them, paying little mind to the other patrons in the casino.
Steve has barely left, letting the door close behind him, before Tony scrolls to the phone's most recent photos. Apart from Morgan, there are several shots of a teenager. The kid has his daughter on his back in one picture, both of them grinning at the camera. It makes Tony smile in return and gently touch the screen. He looks sweet, not minding at all that Morgan is clinging to him like a monkey. It surprises Tony to also see the same kid in a tight red-and-blue suit with a bit of gold and a spider on his chest. Is that just a costume? No, Steve talked about a Spider-Man in the battle with Thanos. It has to be him. More like Spider-Kid, though. What is he, twelve?
He's taken out of the moment by a wolf whistle and an excited "Yay!" It makes Tony smile wide enough to break the kiss, then turn to look at their daemons that are dancing on the dresser.
"Would you consider doing it to me, too? Only if you want." Steve understands preferences, and wouldn't dare force Tony into anything he's not entirely on board with.
Tony throws his arms out wide, as if basking in the compliment. He's still on a high from acing the meeting, even without his memories.
"Yes." Steve offers his left hand, not letting go of Tony with the other. "Thank you so much for bringing Tony back."
On his right, Steve curses. Tony glances over, surprised to see that Steve hit a shoulder on a door frame. To be fair, the openings are smaller than usual, and Steve is pinkish as if embarrassed he forgot about that.
"Yeah. Slightly ahead of schedule," Steve says, glancing sideways at him. "I hoped that this trip would bring us closer."
"Sometimes." Often with Tony, in fact, but that's because Steve loves having an excuse to take care of him.
Falcon and Rhodey fly in through the busted windows, guns and repulsors at the ready as they land. Their stances relax upon seeing them unharmed, plus with the Fantastic Four.
"You've enjoyed your evening?" Almar asks. Tony resists draining the glass in one go like Nebula, clinging to an appearance of composure.
Fair enough; dealing with Fury is a pain even on good days. Steve has to bite his tongue not to reply:
"Oh," Tony says, breathless. It's Pepper's daughter; it has to be. He loves her instantly, without reservation. "What's her name?"
"Good job. You're loading the Quinjet?" Steve can hear the team going through a checklist in the background.
He bought everything needed to cook a nice dinner. He also has candles and wine, and the florist will deliver flowers soon. Tony hums as he glances at the counter, but then goes unnaturally still. Steve frowns, wondering what is wrong.
"Physics says no, because we definitely had the mass advantage, but they still had better acceleration!" Morgan says, arms crossed over her chest and a pout on her face.
"At this age—" the vet starts, about to rebuke Tony, but he pauses after a look at Tony's hopeful face and changes course. "Sure, I'll show you."  It seems he's just as incapable at refusing those big brown eyes as Steve is.
When Carol begins the macarena, Tony jumps shoulder to shoulder with her. The beat barely fits, but it doesn’t matter and the synchronicity of it makes the Iantusians cheer them on. A few of the onlookers try it, and soon it's like a mid-nineties revival. All of this fun is tiring, though, so at one point Tony wants a break and points at Nebula to pass the torch for a dance-off. To his complete surprise and delight, she picks up the metaphorical gauntlet and begins doing a very good robot dance. It's a total hit, but Nebula clearly doesn't enjoy being the center of attention and quickly points at Carol, who starts miming catching a fish.
It's not a ferret, but something similar and smaller, with brown fur on its back and head paired with a white belly. A weasel, maybe? It raises on its hind legs to pat down the crow, who is ruffled but doesn't seem injured.
"No, you’re not, because I'm back." Tony squeezes Rhodey’s nape. "Surely Iron Man by your side will help, right? We'll convince them to come in easy."
"Yes." Tony raises a hand and makes it charge up so it glows. This time Rhodey doesn't tense at all, just whistles.
It's Carol who gets the lion's share of the stares, but there are curious glances for the rest of them too. Tony notices that they've crossed the room, which gave good exposure, and that Carol has brought them close to a side exit. There's an empty alcove nearby that she slides into, and they follow suit.
"Yeah, that's terrible." The kittens are two out of so many animals who die with no one being the wiser. But at least they can help these two.
"I'll check my books, I read about something like this," Steve adds with a decisive nod. "It's going to be fine."
"Quit saying that." Unsurprisingly, Steve feels guilty, but Tony wants to go over all the details before dealing with that. "How's Barnes?" he forces out.
That makes Vers huff. "Of course. And eventually the Supreme Intelligence said you were ready to take me on. And props to you, you almost did." She puts a hand on her side for that last part to where the injury hides under her clothes, though she looks fine now.
He looks so fond, loving even, and it opens a pit of yearning in Tony's gut. God, he wants Steve so much, and it far exceeds physical attraction. At this moment, his soul longs for Steve's quiet strength, big heart, and everything else that makes this stubborn man exceptional. The way he's looking right back at Tony as if he's the best thing he's ever seen is a snare impossible to resist. It's the most natural thing in the world for Tony to lean in and gently kiss Steve.
While Steve has moved to look out of the window, Tony figures he can ditch the armor for the moment. He loves the suit, but it's not the best attire for relaxing. Once it’s open, Tony steps out, then takes off his tie, rolls it to put in his breast pocket, then hangs his jacket over a chair. There; better.
Steve waves, judging the guy. He knows he’s so much less interesting than Tony; age alone doesn't excuse the preference. Tony catches on that Steve is a bigger hit and exploits the advantage.
"Honey, can you hold this for me for safekeeping, just a second?" Tony takes the ring off and gives it to Steve, who blinks in surprise. "And please stand back."
Shifters alternate between three phases of being. There's the Baseline where they are indistinguishable from Regulars, with none of their anima's characteristics. Visibly, at least, because most Shifters have increased stamina and healing powers in all phases. Several top athletes who in the past illegally played as Baselines in Regular teams were shamed and outcast, even imprisoned, when caught hiding their true nature. There's the Fully Shifted phase, when they transform into their anima form, which covers from birds to elephants, passing by mythological figures like harpies and centaurs. And there's the Half State, where Shifters can more or less modulate between the two, depending on their mastery of the transformation.
"Morgan was happy to meet me. Even if we hadn't spoken in years, and I'd hurt you so badly, you never told her bad things about me. She knew about Captain America, and it was all the good things, not the bad."
"Whoa, whoa, whoa." Tony makes the timeout motion with his hands. "You’re telling me there’s more than one Loki running around?"
This seems like a vigil, but they aren’t in a hospital. There's no equipment, no medicine—no hospital smells and sounds either—and Tony feels perfectly fine, without even a headache. Is it a hotel? It makes no sense that Steve would watch over him while he sleeps. But then again, Tony doesn't recall how he got here at all. The last thing he remembers is how he worked on the armor after a board meeting—always a good way to vent his frustrations— and then went to bed. At a reasonable hour too.
Today was a spectacular win, no doubt about it, and it thrills Tony. He has theorized with Carol, and they believe that the Mad Titan Thanos was behind the army beyond the wormhole during the Battle of New York.
“You mean Show Off Day?” Tony clarified. He agreed that Peter and MJ, their two new interns, would be fascinated by it. He still couldn’t help but lodge a complaint against the premise of the thing. “Don't tell me that Oscorp will be there again. I'm not going if that asshole is going.”
Then Peter was pulled away by May, who wanted him to be checked for injuries. Before he left, though, he sent a meaningful look between Steve and Tony that was difficult to misinterpret.
A hand landed on his shoulder. It was shaking slightly. He looked over, expecting Natasha, but it was Rhodes.
“That kitten needed to be rescued,” Peter argued. Tony rolled his eyes and handed the kid another band-aid. Peter obediently stuck it to his arm, adding to a collection of colorful bandages covering a series of scrapes and cuts.
“There are rumors that when someone is sacrificed for the Soul Stone, that person remains in limbo, so to speak,” she said. “The theory is that the Soul Stone works because it possesses the sacrificed soul. If it is stolen or lost, or if a new sacrifice is made, then the person wielding it is no longer worthy. And the sacrificed soul would leave limbo and move on to death.”
As Steve wasn’t actually a reporter, he had very little interest in starting that conversation. He was also mildly suspicious that Pepper was just trying to enlist help in distracting every journalist in the building by forcing them to look somewhere other than at Tony, who was now grabbing Steve by the arm, intentionally this time. “Actually, Pep, I was just going to get Steve a drink. The man deserves to be armed when he faces the wolves.” He dragged Steve away, and Pepper was immediately caught up in a conversation with another guest, eager to please everyone.
A few days later, Steve put on a pair of glasses that he didn’t need, a tie he didn’t particularly like, and an unfamiliar camera around his neck. He wasn’t even sure that was necessary; he’d read that a lot of journalists, especially local ones, just used their phones nowadays. But he had to admit that when he looked in the mirror, it made him look more professional.
“There’s a doctor here.” Steve wasn’t sure if that’s technically what Bruce was, but it would have to do. The hospitals were overrun; half of their staff was gone.
all day. They were there for six hours. Wasn't that against child labor laws or something? Also, it was messing with Tony’s regular schedule of staying up until 4 AM and sleeping until noon.
“This is the worst pep talk I’ve ever heard. Will you cut to the chase?” Sam asked. “Are we going to get out of here or not?”
He tried to run, the idiot. “Don’t even think about it!” Tony yelled, voice muffled by the robotic tone of the suit. He flew over Peter’s head and landed in front of him, trapping him in the alley. Peter could have climbed the walls to escape, but Iron Man could fly, so there wasn’t much point in trying.
“Are you a genius?” Tony asked Peter suspiciously one day. He was sort of joking, but Peter flushed.
“Peter,” said Tony in a voice he hardly recognized, a forced calm that came out when he was close to panicking. But he couldn’t panic yet - he had to make sure Peter was safe first. “Pepper’s still here, downstairs. She'll know where to find a first aid kit."
“The one scenario where Thanos dies is the one where we also die? What’s even the point of that?” Quill demanded.
Steve couldn’t quite figure out why Tony was so opposed to him at first, but then he realized that strangers, and unfamiliar journalists in particular, were usually up to no good when they sought out Tony Stark’s company. Tony was rich, famous, smart, and handsome (Steve could admit that in the 21st century), and there were endless reasons for him to be suspicious of anyone looking to publicize the internal workings of his company.
Peter had gotten out of the car while Tony was talking and slammed the door shut in the middle of a sentence.
“It is my belief,” Strange chimed in, “and Loki’s, based on rumors from the darkest corners of the galaxy, that a loved one needs to be sacrificed in order to acquire the Soul Stone.”
Pepper watched Tony and Peter bothering Bruce in the lab, Steve rolling his eyes at their antics. She smiled and turned away, heels clicking on the floor as she got in the elevator. She pressed the button for the lobby. She took a deep breath, straightened her shoulders, and prepared herself.
They didn’t have more time to mull it over, though, because Dr. Strange had suddenly reappeared. This time, he was accompanied by a tall, pale man with long black hair. The man looked pained, hunched over on himself, his face and throat both darkened by bruises. He almost seemed to be physically fading away, like a ghost. As if only most of him made it to the Soul World.
The sound of approaching footsteps caused Peter’s heartbeat to go into overdrive. He did the only thing he could think to do and played dead. He closed his eyes and let his body hang limp, and just in time. The door opened with a bang.
Ignoring that, Nebula continued, “Theoretically, then, Gamora is still in that limbo. Caught between worlds. If someone
“Mr. Stark, thank you so much for what you did. I have no idea what would have happened without you and I never should have gone out at night without telling you or May and I’m sorry and I’ll never do it again, I promise -”
Steve’s smile widened, and he ducked his head. “Are you this suspicious of everybody?” He asked when he looked back at Tony. God, his eyes were blue. The way the sun was shining on his face at that angle – right, he was totally a corporate spy. A really good one. Very distracting.
“I’m afraid that won’t be possible,” said Tony tersely, already annoyed for reasons he couldn’t quite explain. “We’re very busy here, you see,” he said to the reporter, whose blue eyes definitely weren’t distracting behind glasses that somehow made him more attractive. “Doing, uh,” he looked around, “science. Very advanced stuff. Which will take a long time. We can’t just give every journalist who wanders in here a story. I’m sure you understand.”
The name caused Steve to bristle. He knew Tony had a connection with the energetic kid from Queens, and it rattled him to think of someone so young getting tangled up in all of this. But there was no escaping Thanos, no matter how innocent you were.
It was a lot to take in. Peter was Spider-Man. Tony was mad at him. As he returned to his apartment and got ready for bed, Steve felt the full weight of the new secrets he was keeping. It took him a long time to fall asleep.
Steve shook his head. The history of Tony’s company hadn’t seemed relevant to interviewing a couple of interns, so he hadn’t looked into it.
He studied it for maybe a little bit too long. Today, when they were together, Steve had studiously kept his eyes off of it, not wanting to seem overly curious.
Despite his wounded outward appearance, he still managed to sound composed, his gaze alert as it flickered over Peter.
“No time to explain, thanks, bye!” With that, Peter shoved a small bundle into Ned’s arms and dashed away down the hall.
I'm planning to add the next chapter this weekend, 2/17 or 2/18. Apologies for the delay! I was busier than I expected this week and I want to make sure I have enough time to edit.
Steve always looked handsome, but he was stunning in a suit. Glasses removed, like that made a difference - Tony would have thought he looked amazing either way, but somehow he seemed more
Peter’s mind flashed to Germany, to fighting Captain America at an airport before Tony finally told him to just stay down. He thought of a ship breaking in two before his eyes, and his desperate attempts to fix it before Tony arrived to save the day again.
“Those two? Definitely secret agents,” said Tony confidently about two businesslike men in suits, each holding a briefcase as they walked by. “You can tell by the cheap ties,” he said in a stage whisper.
We're back! We finally hear from Aunt May, identities are revealed, calls are dropped due to a snowstorm (that's a thing that happens, right?), MJ is a badass, and I made this whole thing up for fun and it's un-beta'd, so you have to deal with that too. Good luck!
The reporter looked a little baffled by the varied responses he was receiving, but he took it in stride. “That’s great,” he said. “You must be Peter?”
Tony’s voice split through Steve’s thoughts like a knife. He sat up in bed, startled. It sounded like Tony was right next to him, and for a disoriented moment, Steve looked around, confused - but of course, he was alone. His super hearing had picked up on Tony’s distraught whispers, several rooms away. Over the sound of his own heart pounding, Steve tried to focus on the distant noise. It wasn’t difficult to pick out Tony’s voice. There were only a few other noises at that hour of the night: Thor pouring a drink for Valkyrie, Nat softly talking to Clint, Bruce’s distant snore.
Bruce raised his eyebrows. “As I’ve reminded you both about eighty times, Peter seems fine and as it’s unlikely that he will develop any more powers now that it’s been a few months since -”
“None of them,” he gestured vaguely to the group of adults a short distance away, “are going to let anything happen to you. If they find out that only one of us is getting out of here, it will be you.”
“Go fix your face,” Tony retorted, and having cheered Peter up a little bit, he sent him on his way and turned back to -
“Peter’s not here,” Tony said, and his stomach dropped as her eyes widened. Suddenly, his issues with Steve didn’t seem so important anymore. “When was the last time you saw him? I dropped him off at your place yesterday afternoon.”
The two of them holed up in the corner of the bar felt cozy despite the people milling around them, the curious gazes that landed on them, and the general chaos of the party. It felt domestic, somehow, and right. Like they could just sit here and talk forever. But they couldn’t, and Tony was never one to let things lie.
Steve was self-aware enough to realize that his interest in Tony went deeper than mere curiosity. If Tony had turned one more page in Steve's sketchbook, then he would’ve seen a picture of himself. Well, a part of himself. The top half. After their first meeting, Steve had been itching to draw a picture of Tony, and he did just that when he got home. At first, he focused on his face: all the ways that he looked like Howard, all the ways that he didn’t; he penciled in the wrinkles at the corners of his eyes and the stubborn tilt to his mouth. He found himself drawing Tony’s stance, protective of Peter with his arms crossed across his chest.
Tony wasn’t sure what he was expecting to find – the blueprints of Stark Tower, maybe, with the Oscorp logo stamped on every page – but it was not this. He flipped through the pages, some of them catching in the light breeze coming across the park. It appeared that Steve actually did enjoy drawing. And he was
“I don’t know,” the other man said almost boredly. “Hey, how hard did you hit this kid, anyway? He’s been out for hours.”
Steve was about to see if he could contact Tony through the landline when there was a sharp knock on the door of his apartment. He frowned. No one knew he lived here except for Fury, Nat, and a scattered few of the others at SHIELD. Most of them would have called, and it was unlikely that he had missed a call in the short time since he had smashed his phone.
Steve wasn’t sure what he was feeling. He thought it might be a strange, stomach-churning combination of shock and a sneaking suspicion that he should have known. It was the feeling that he’d missed something, that his own willingness to look past Tony’s odd behavior was what had caused him to overlook this crucial detail, that made him dial Coulson right then and there.
He turned to find Steve the Reporter sitting on a park bench with a sketchbook open on his lap, looking up at him with a half-smile. Genuine surprise was difficult to fake, and Steve’s tone of voice didn’t sound like a man who had realized he had been followed here.
Across the street and to the right, then. Tony crossed as soon as the light turned green, but even as he hurried across the next street, Steve was nowhere in sight. And - “This is Central Park,” he muttered to himself. “JARVIS, check the cameras."
With that, she turned the movie back on. Steve assumed the conversation was over, but then Natasha added carefully, “You know, there’s a whole file on Tony downstairs in the SHIELD archives. The guards take their lunch break at 12:30.” She glanced over at him, the bright light of the TV dancing across her features. “Just saying.”
“Okay,” May said to herself as she crossed the room to close the window, “don’t panic, May, just don’t panic.”
Ignoring the part about the cat, MJ frowned. “Peter’s never sick,” she said as the thought occurred to her. That was another strange thing about him: He was annoyingly healthy. Somehow, Peter found the time to work out in between studying for hours on end, his Stark internship, and playing Legos with Ned every other day.
“Who are you, Steve Carter?” Tony asked. His tone was conversational, but the question was like a bucket of ice being poured over Steve’s head. Maybe he was being paranoid, but he got the distinct impression that Tony was onto him.
“Was Tony alive?” He felt everyone’s eyes turn to him. “In - in the scenario, in the outcome that you saw - was he still alive? Because when we first met, you said you would let me and Tony die before letting Thanos get the Time Stone. Which was kind of harsh, actually, but I understand because it’s like, the fate of the universe and all. But then you traded the Time Stone for Tony. So is that why you changed your mind?” He knew he was babbling, but he had to know. Tony had done so much for him, and for all of them. Peter couldn’t stand the thought that Tony wouldn’t live to see the outcome that Strange was telling them about, the one where everybody lived.
“Really?” Steve was surprised. What Sam was saying made sense, but something still didn’t add up. “But he hasn’t really done anything… wrong, has he? Why’s the government out to get him if he’s just some kid with a God complex, saving people?”
Jesus, that woman was good. “Just curious as to what time he’ll be here today,” said Tony lightly. “Isn’t it good business practice to know who I’m allowing to interview
“Where are you going,” Tony muttered to himself when they had been doing this little dance for about fifteen minutes and he lost sight of Steve again. This time, he didn’t see him anywhere. “JARVIS, location,” he said aloud as he paused at an intersection, unsure if he should cross the street or take a left and continue on the sidewalk.
That illusion shattered when Peter brushed by Tony to get to MJ, and he remembered why it was so important that he didn’t fall for Steve. He had to protect Peter.
Pepper glanced at her watch. “I’ll go check on them,” she said. “Stop worrying so much. Peter’s a smart kid.” She gave him a small smile, a real one this time. “He’s a good kid, Tony. He’ll be fine.”
Tony had stopped enjoying these things years ago, but the holiday party was the primary source of funding for the Maria Stark Foundation. A generous donation was required to get in unless you were directly employed by Stark Industries, and it seemed that there was no end to the generosity of wealthy people when their reputation was at stake.
The thief was still wearing a ski mask, still holding the bag of precious jewelry, but he wasn’t getting away with this one. Someone had been kind enough to leave him for the cops, trapped and bound to the brick wall of the alley next to the jewelry store.
Nebula was hesitant at first, but then she dove right in with her explanation. Apparently, traveling through space had given her a lot of time to think this through.
Steve had been Steve the Reporter for less than a week, and he was already struggling to stay undercover. He was surprised to find that he wanted to keep his identity a secret for a while longer - not just because he wanted to complete the mission and find out what Tony had to do with Spider-Man, but because even in the span of a few short days, he had grown fond of Tony and Pepper and even Peter, who was a bright, charming kid. He could see why Tony was protective of him. And Steve had a feeling that there were layers to Tony Stark that he hadn't even begun to understand. He didn't enjoy lying, but he was willing to stay undercover for a few more weeks if it meant getting to know Tony. Of course, he didn't want to think of what came after that.
It bothered her a lot more now. It was obvious that Peter had lied. Why would he sneak out if he was just going to Ned’s? Looking back, it was a weak excuse that she had been willing to look past because she was just relieved that Peter was okay. He didn’t show any signs of having been out partying or anything like that, so she didn’t feel the need to follow up on it. Now, she wished she had been more strict in insisting on finding out just what he had been doing that night. Whatever it was, her instincts were screaming that it wasn’t good. Anything that had her nephew - her genius, nerdy, Star Wars-loving nephew - sneaking out in the middle of the night through his window couldn’t possibly be good.
Steve’s eyes widened for a second, surprised, and then he huffed a laugh, ducking his head. And oh, there he was. So Steve the Reporter maybe wasn’t so different from Steve the… Captain America. “I - I didn’t want to lie to you, Tony,” he said, getting his expression back under control as he leveled a look at Tony with those earnest, blue eyes.
He had died and come back once, but that wouldn’t happen again. If they couldn’t defeat Thanos, then this was the end of the line.
Peter knew that, to Bucky, who hadn’t been there, he was making absolutely no sense at all. Bucky took it in stride, though. “Well, things weren’t going much better in Wakanda.” He put a hand on Peter’s shoulder and started to guide him over to the group. Peter started recognizing faces: Wanda, Sam, T’Challa. The Guardians noticed them moving and they all met in the middle - well, if there was a “middle” to this endless expanse.
“Did you know that my dad looked for Captain America every year after he disappeared?” Tony asked him. He didn’t wait for an answer before adding, “Which means he looked for Captain America more often than he remembered my birthday, come to think of it.” He hid this heart-wrenching statement under a wry smile, like he found it amusing rather than bothersome. Steve suspected that this was a practiced look.
Loki continued, “Going after most of the Stones would be fruitless. The Mind Stone and the Power Stone wouldn’t bring us back. The Time Stone could, but again, they would have to take it out of the hands of Thanos himself. The Space Stone or the Reality Stone could also work, in theory, but even if they were able to get one of them from Thanos, they don’t know exactly where we are, so they wouldn’t know how to alter space or reality in order to bring us back. Which leaves -”
Strange continued, “I was in possession of the Time Stone. Before appearing here, I was on Titan facing Thanos alongside Anthony Stark, the Guardians of the Galaxy, and - the Spider-Boy.”
“Tony -” Steve was insistent, but his voice was cutting in and out. He sounded different, Tony thought; something was wrong. What
“But,” Peter pointed out suddenly, “there would be one less adorable kitten in the world if I had gone home. So it’s a good thing I didn’t.”
Steve nodded. “We need to get Peter back.” There was no hint of hesitation in his voice. He was committed to MJ’s plan.
“Don’t… don’t do that,” said Loki awkwardly as Peter wiped at his eyes, embarrassed. “There, now… I’m sure they’ll figure it out soon.”
He leaned against the bar and eyed Steve up and down with dark eyes. It would have been too blatant if it were anyone other than Tony, but it just made Steve feel the need to stand up straighter.
It was even more crowded in the ballroom, and louder. Music blared through giant speakers. Tables surrounded a wide space where some people were dancing, but most were just talking. The whole room was a swirl of tuxedos and high heels and glasses of champagne. Christmas lights hung from the ceiling, casting a twinkling glow across the whole scene. Peter felt even more overwhelmed here, and he was just about to give up and call Tony or Pepper or MJ to see if he could find them when he turned around and froze.
cold, and I was thinking about how the suit could maybe be more insulated – not that I’m complaining. It’s great and all. But it just got me thinking, what if I’m up really high like you told me you were that one time and you almost froze?”
“We don’t know that,” Tony snapped, a harsh reminder for both of them. He didn’t want to pass his endless cynicism onto Peter, but the kid had to learn. People weren’t always who they said they were - especially around people as trusting as Peter. He should have realized that Peter was impervious to cynicism and that a kid who regularly disguised himself as “Spider-Man” to fight crime wasn’t going to respond well to Tony trying to be realistic.
“We need help,” said Steve gravely. “Banner believes there is a way to defeat Thanos. We’re trying to find Tony Stark. We think he could have answers as well.”
In contrast to their surroundings, the people appeared in sharp relief, looking normal - or as normal as one would expect. Peter was still in his uniform, and Bucky still had dirt and blood on him from fighting.
Strange looked like he had an impending headache. “The Soul World is expansive. It has to be, in order to fit half of the universe in it. You were all scattered about. I summoned you to this particular spot so that I could explain what was going on. I don’t know much more about this place than you do. I’ve read about it, but we all thought the Soul Stone was lost. No one knew where it was until Thanos had it. The Soul World was purely theoretical until -”
“What? Oh, um, no,” said Steve distractedly, and with that, he carefully reached across Tony to take the sketchbook back and snapped it shut in his lap. “They’re from a photo in the newspaper, a while back. One of my colleagues did a feature on World War II veterans, and one of them provided us with that photo. I’ve been practicing drawing people, and I just… liked the picture.”
“We’re taking the interns to Science and Tech Day at MIT,” Pepper announced on the sixth week of the internship. “You're supposed to be there anyway, and it will be a good experience for them. I've already signed them up for a few workshops and lectures.”
“He’s on his way to New York already to assess the damage,” said Natasha. From the tone of her voice, Steve could tell that she was worried. And annoyed. “He shouldn’t have gone alone,” she added when she could feel Steve’s curious gaze. “I mean, who does that? Your entire family just vanishes into thin air and you jump on a plane and - where did he even get a plane, I swear to God -” Her eyes had filled with tears, but she didn’t seem to realize it.
This was a distressingly short sentence to cover what seemed to be a monumental event in Tony’s life. He had been kidnapped and narrowly escaped with his life, only to return home to find that his mentor had been responsible? And then they - what, exactly? Fought? There were no more details to be found.
Peter shrugged. “No one, but I figured he would be there. I just thought it would be a good chance for you two to - uh, get to know each other more.” He was trying and failing to look innocent as he said this.
Steve didn’t want to touch him, but he wasn’t waking up. Tentatively, heart pounding, he gently shook Tony’s shoulder.
“You don’t think I know that?” Pepper asked him, looking almost disappointed. “Tony, I like Peter too. I don’t want him to get hurt. I know it would be incredibly dangerous if anyone found out about what he can do. But I also know that it looks way more suspicious to refuse a normal interview about internships than it does to just let the man do his work and leave.” She lowered her voice even though they were alone in the lab. “This is actually a good chance for us to publicize just how
He cleared his throat when Steve didn’t move, and that cued Steve onto the fact that he should actually go. He was halfway to the door when Tony said, kind of hating himself for it, “This stays out of your story.”
For the first time, Tony actually resembled the man that Steve had seen in the photo in his file and spread across tabloid pages. He looked good in a suit, but he always looked good. The difference was the way his eyes seemed a little darker, his smile a little haughtier than usual. There was always drink clenched tightly in his hand while he shamelessly charmed anyone who looked at him twice. By the time Steve finally caught Tony’s attention, he could see the way his smile was strained. He was sure the only reason Tony was holding a drink - aside from the obvious - was to keep his hands from shaking.
Loki remained within sight, but no one would go near him after he had given them the ominous news that they were all slowly fading away. Again.
Tony wasn’t used to this. Well, he was used to being drunk at the holiday party. That wasn’t new. Historically, though, he was the messy kind of drunk that led to hooking up with people whose names he’d forgotten by morning, and he would wake up to Pepper giving him a lecture about how pictures of him looking completely plastered could be used as blackmail material in the wrong hands.
“Peter?!” MJ’s voice distracted him for a second, and it also distracted one of the spiders enough for her to use the chair she was holding - which was bigger than the chair he'd had; where did she even get that - to kill the spider in front of her. “Ugh, gross,” she said upon seeing the two dead ones. “Where did these even come from? I think they're radioactive.”
Some of the students made it to the staircase before the first giant spider - and they were really giant, like three feet across - made it up and over the balcony and started shooting some kind of laser beams at them. That sent the rest of the class and the professor screaming, running, and hiding behind all available tables, desks, and chairs.  MJ didn't scream because she wanted to put off panicking as long as she plausibly could. Panicking was stupid. It made people do stupid things. So, she tried to stay calm and hid behind a bookshelf with a chair for a weapon in case she had to fight one off. So far, no one had been hurt, as far as she could tell, but a few of the tables that had been used as makeshift shields had been instantly cut into two by the lasers and the students behind them screamed and scattered. MJ even let one girl join her behind her bookshelf. She didn't like the way this was going.
The someone in question was a graduate student working as a lab assistant, and he checked over the laptop in his arms, apparently determining that no damage was done, before moving on to the elevator. He re-emerged on the fourth floor, which was entirely state-of-the-art lab space. He greeted Dr. Bruce Banner. It appeared that the doctor had been waiting for him. They started walking and talking at the same time, Bruce tapping away at the tablet in his hands while the student listened intently. They passed another researcher as they walked, another young man, who threw a greeting to Bruce as he rushed past to the elevator.
“That’s insane,” Tony pointed out when Thor first proposed it. “You’re going to get us all killed. Was half of this planet not enough?”
had this microscope stolen from me the other day. It was a microscope used for nanotechnology. Isn’t that weird, Peter?”
Tony rolled down the window and shouted, “I didn’t even know how I was going to end that sentence anyway!”
Peter Parker, who fit the description of Spider-Man perfectly: small, young, agile; who had been looking Steve in the eye and lying to him for a month.
things are around here. We don’t need any rumors spreading that we’re secretive and anti-social. It makes it seem like we’re hiding something.”
It was Steve who initiated it because he was so sure of this thing between them, more sure than he had ever been about anything in his life, in the past or now. He knew Tony was holding back because he was afraid of coming on too strong, or offending Steve’s 1940’s sensibilities. It was Steve who sought out Tony one night after a particularly hard battle, finding him alone and halfway to drunk on the couch. It was Steve who wrapped a blanket around Tony and let him fall asleep in his arms, Steve who kissed his forehead as he drifted off.
MJ was in the middle of listening to a kind middle-aged professor give a very boring talk when they had been suddenly interrupted by a blaring emergency alarm. At first, she thought it was just a fire drill or something stupid. But when they got outside the classroom, they had been met by a wave of giant creepy glowing spiders crawling up the walls.
“He was dead,” she said without preamble, her tinny voice sounding concerned. “He was stabbed by Thanos, but Stephen Strange made a deal to exchange the Time stone for his life. He will survive, but he is weak. Do you have a doctor here?”
“I’m sorry to hear that.” Steve knew platitudes were basically useless at this point, but someone had to try.
The decision was made for him when Tony thrashed suddenly, a frown creasing his forehead as he gasped, “Please - not him, not him -”
“Business,” said Peter with a raised eyebrow and an unbearable smirk. “At one in the morning. Right. Of course.”
“What’s going on? Where are we? Where is everybody?” Peter’s thoughts had started catching up with him, and now he remembered everything: Thanos, traveling to
Bruce glanced up from his microscope, seemingly unconcerned. “Maybe he had a lot of homework,” he suggested.
Everyone should know that it took every ounce of self-control that I have not to include a joke about moving Peter to a secondary location in here somewhere (please see Kid Gorgeous). Anyway, thanks so much for reading and being patient. This took so much longer than anticipated, but I’ve never published over 30,000 words before so yay me!
“You think?” Sam was a little breathless from running almost four miles, but still matching Steve stride for stride. “I was just saying, that Spider-Man kid has been out on the streets again. Saw him myself.”
The bell rang signaling the start of class at 7:30 sharp. MJ leaned forward in her chair to tap Ned on the shoulder. “Where’s Peter?” She hissed, looking around. Parker was never late. In fact, he was almost always on time. Usually by this time of the morning, MJ was trying not to fall asleep in class while Peter was working on… something. He’d been so distracted lately.
When Natasha introduced him to Phil Coulson, Steve was wary at first. Natasha told him that Coulson was her “handler” which meant that he was the agent in charge of sending her on missions. Even though Fury seemed like a decent guy, Steve was instantly skeptical of anyone who thought they had any semblance of control over Natasha Romanoff. As it turned out, Coulson was under no such illusions. That much became clear the instant he entered the room. Competence was written all over him - in his tailored suit, his calm expression, his almost bland facade - and Steve took his outstretched hand as the man smiled.
Peter was always a little nervous around him, but this was different. God help the kid if he ever got into a situation where he actually had to lie to someone.
That afternoon, Steve snuck into the basement of SHIELD, where they kept all the paper files in rows and rows of file cabinets. It wasn’t hard to find Tony’s again; they were in alphabetical order. Of course, that also meant that the heavy file labeled
Bruce sighed and looked up from his work, putting it aside to come over to check Peter’s ears, eyes, lungs, and to take a tiny blood sample like he did every time Peter showed up. Peter sat still and cooperated, but continued to chatter through the whole thing.
It was a beautiful day, sunny and warm, and that meant that New Yorkers were taking their lunch breaks outside. Tony quickly realized that it was nearly impossible to follow someone on the sidewalk in the city. Tony briefly lost sight of Steve about eight times, only to find his blue hat again in the crowd up ahead.
The situation started to look up when Peter realized that he could focus his hearing when he was in a situation where he was forced to have all of his attention on one thing. Quiet moments were the worst - Peter had an exam one day and he was nearly driven insane by the clock ticking, pencils scratching, cars honking across town, to the extent that he had to ask to put his headphones in so he could focus - but adrenaline-inducing situations allowed him to drown everything else out. One day, he was in gym class and he saw some kids picking on Ned. It was like the rest of the world didn’t exist as Peter approached them. He excitedly told Tony about how he and Ned totally got beat up, but it was apparently worth it because Peter could hear exactly what the bullies were saying the whole time.
Tony was still convinced that Peter's internship had been a ploy concocted by Pepper to get him to be awake a reasonable hour. It was working remarkably well. After all, the hours Tony spent with Peter were usually productive, even if the kid did talk his ear off for a solid six hours sometimes. Pepper couldn’t stand being in the same room with them because she said there was too much “genius gibberish” going back and forth.
He hatched a plan one day when he walked past his own office only to see Steve and Peter in there, chatting like they were old friends. Despite the one pleasant afternoon he had spent with Steve the Reporter, he still didn’t trust him. There was something off about him. Something just this side of suspicious. Tony didn’t like the timing of it.
The sound of people screaming behind him made Peter come to his senses, and he ran for the stairs along with everybody else. He had no idea what was going on, but clearly someone had let loose an army of giant spiders on them and he was not about to stick around and see how that turned out. He didn't even like regular sized spiders. These were something out of a nightmare, or a weird version of Harry Potter.
May would rather come across as overprotective than not know what was going on with her only nephew, so she pushed aside her hesitation and knocked.
A few days earlier, when he wasn’t playing Steve the Reporter and he was just Steve, he had decided to ask Natasha. She invited him over for a casual movie night, just the two of them, and they were watching
Steve was on his feet and halfway down the hallway before he realized what he was doing might not be the best idea. First of all, he and Tony were on tenuous terms at best. It was odd to burst into a friend’s room in the middle of the night, never mind someone you weren’t sure even liked you anymore. Second, Tony notoriously did not enjoy being woken up by anything other than the gentle sound of an AI, or sunlight streaming through a window. Generally, waking Tony up meant taking a punch to the face or a knee to the gut.
Tony decided to go to Peter’s house, because if he really had stolen the microscope then that was where it would find it. He met Peter’s aunt - who was surprisingly young - and they were having tea together when Peter finally came home from school, looking completely alarmed to see Tony there. Actually, the word Tony would use was
The two of them dug in, and Steve felt more heat shoot through his body (more specifically, his groin) as Tony let out an obscene moan. “This is the best lasagna you’ve ever made; I swear.” He said with his eyes rolling back in his head.
Everything changed though when one day Steve had made lunch for them, Steve had been gone during breakfast because of an appointment with Fury. As he started to make his way to the elevator JARVIS spoke up. “Captain Rogers, I’m afraid Sir had initiated a black out in his lab and is not allowing anyone in or answering phone calls.”
“Shut up, birdbrain. You wish you were as lucky as me, I mean look at him.” Tony said looking to Steve again with a real smile this time.
After getting to the party the shift in conversation was blatantly obvious. Voices turned into whispers between groups, and laughter all but came to a halt. Steve looked around the room for the rest of the team, who he found over by the door to the balcony, all with drinks in their hands and talking amongst themselves. It looked like Clint and Bruce were talking about something, while Nat was just looking around, watching people with suspicious eyes. He then looked at Tony who Steve could tell was nervous, but outwardly he looked confident and had his press smile on. He looked at Steve with insecurity in his eyes that practically begged him to find somewhere for them to go. Steve nodded and walked the two of them over to the bar to get drinks before walking them over to where the team was.
“Well then let’s get this show on the road, Casanova. You made lasagna and you know that’s a favorite, are you hoping to get lucky tonight?” Tony asked affectionately, but teasingly at the same time.
“No, never.” His answer comes immediately. Steve smiles, and Tony leans back to study his new body. He runs his hands up Steve’s back, still somewhat toned but softer too. He glides his fingers down his much thicker biceps. Tony takes Steve’s right hand into his and pulls it up to press a kiss to his palm. Steve breathe’s a laugh and grab’s Tony’s hips to push them flush against each other and Tony’s hands travel down to his nicely rounded butt. “Honestly... I kinda love it.” He whispers the last four words into Steve’s ear while simultaneously squeezing Steve’s bottom and pushing his hardening cock into Steve’s.
Steve and Tony were sitting at the table the next morning, Tony with his coffee, Steve with his giant bowl of cereal.
Tony’s conversation with Pepper floats back through his head, and it clicks in his head that Steve really does seem to want him, not someone younger, not someone more his speed, he wants to do this with Tony. Tony laughs a little and then holds his hand out for Steve to take, “It’s nice to see you, too. Now let’s go, hon, I’m starving.
Steve took a deep breath and looked at Tony, taking his hands. “I’ve been wondering the same, honestly. I was asking Bucky earlier what you could possibly see in me. I’m younger then you, I’m not rich, I’m just an ex-soldier, but you’re you, fantastical and ridiculously kind and charming. I just couldn’t see what you wanted.”
“Hold on,” Steve laughed, walking to the bathroom to get a damp washcloth. Coming back out to the bed, he saw that Tony had rolled over onto his back and was still breathing hard, heavy belly still moving up and down. Steve walked over and cleaned them both off before throwing the cloth in the general direction of the laundry basket by the closet. He crawled back onto the bed and moved to Tony, lying down on his side and throwing his arm over his boyfriend, resting it right in between where Tony’s chest rounded out into his belly.
“Steve are we really going to try this? This is crazy. Which of us will it be? Wait, you already asked that. I don’t know Steve, this is crazy!”
“Yes, Captain, Sir seems to be immersed in the project he is working on, I doubt he’ll be coming up on his own any time soon.” JARVIS answered.
“Yeah, yeah, I know you’re both attractive, shut the fuck up.” Clint yelped with he caught an elbow from Natasha right in the ribs, “What?! I just complimented them, why are you abusing me?”
Next, Bucky and Natasha got together, everyone was very happy for them. It had been a long time coming, that was for sure. They were sickeningly sweet with each other (probably like Steve and Tony themselves), and Tony was impressed with Bucky’s balls, Natasha was a scary woman, but she loved Bucky.
“I’m ready, handsome,” Tony said, much softer, and kissed Steve’s cheek before slowly making his way down Steve’s neck. “…Can we maybe have dessert before lunch?”
“Shit! Tell him I’ll be right down!” He jumps up and hurries to put his shoes on and stops in front of a mirror to mess with his hair a little. After he’s got it just how he wants it he jumps in the elevator. “Take me down, buddy.”
“Thank you, JARVIS, I’ll be out to get it in a moment.” Steve released Tony and led him to the bed. “Now you get comfy, pick a movie, and I’ll go get the food.” Tony made his way to his side of the bed and sat down, moving his pillows around to make one a little table that would sit on his lap.
“Good, I got a new painting done today, and it’s not of you this time so I can actually sell it.” Steve had taken to drawing and painting Tony when they’d gotten together, the other man was just beautiful. He really didn’t need to stroke Tony’s ego so much, but sometimes he couldn’t resist.
, but finally Friday came around. He hadn’t told Tony about date night, deciding he wanted it to be a surprise. At about 4 in the afternoon he’d checked with JARVIS to make sure Tony was nice and busy.
Tony met his eyes. “She was actually my personal assistant, and she runs that company better than I ever did. She doesn’t mind meeting after meeting every day. I run the Research and Development section of the company now, so instead of a lot of meetings I actually get to play with the toys,” he says, grinning. “it’s my favorite part of the job. I like to create things, make something new out of old parts, building new things entirely. I like to test limits,” Tony keeps talking, telling Steve all about his plans for everything from cell phones to clean energy, and Steve just sits there and listens, asking questions in the right places and nodding when he’s supposed to.
When he got to their room, he saw that Tony was standing in front of the mirror staring at himself with an odd look on his face. He was resting his left hand on his belly again and was turning side to side slightly to see different angles. He had already changed out of his dress pants and was now wearing some dark gray sweatpants that hung loosely off his hips and no shirt.
Steve nodded in agreement before releasing Tony and grabbing his hand to pull him to their room. When they got to the room Steve took a moment to just admire this gorgeous man, cheeks still flushed and one hand running up and down the side of his belly. Steve pulled him over so Tony was standing at the edge of the bed before leaning in to give him one more chaste kiss. After they separated, Steve reached up to begin unbuttoning Tony’s noticeably tighter button down, feeling the firmness underneath. As he got the button down from Tony’s body, he began pulling the man’s undershirt over his head. When both shirts were on the floor Steve began to kiss from Tony’s jaw down his neck and eventually kneeled to continue kissing down his body onto his stomach. Tony, still standing, reached down to put both hands in Steve’s blonde hair. He tilted his head back and moaned at the kisses and little nips Steve was delivering to his taut skin.
“Thanks Pepper. I needed that. I guess I’ve just been so happy this last week, I’m scared to lose it.” He says, looking at his feet.
Tony kissed Steve once on the neck, where he could reach. “You don’t look so bad yourself, soldier.” They pulled apart and grabbed each other’s hand, walking toward the door that lead to the elevator.
“Slow down, would you? I won’t be happy if you choke to death.” Tony scolds, flicking the back of Steve’s head.
Steve chuckles, “No, nothing. I just wanted to say it’s nice to see you. I’ve been looking forward to this all week.”
During those last months Steve had noticed more changes in Tony. His appetite had continued growing a little bit, slowly but surely, and Tony began taking snacks with him when he’d go down to the lab or stealing food off Steve’s plate when Tony was on his way out the door. He took note of the fact that Tony had been getting seconds and sometimes thirds at dinner when it was something he especially enjoyed. Steve tried to make things he enjoyed more often than he probably should have, but he was happy with how healthy Tony’s appetite had become.
“Someday you’re going to want to leave. They always do.” Tony whispered, looking into Steve’s eyes in the mirror.
he thought with a snort. Yeah, right. He and Steve are both in good shape, Steve being in better shape after his time in the military and from when he used to teach that self defense class with Nat. Tony definitely didn’t want to gain weight, and he knew Steve wouldn’t want to either. “Nah, go ahead and toss that one JARVIS, I think we’ll pass.”
Steve tried to avoid the stare he knew Natasha was giving him, but when she cleared her throat he finally looked up. She didn’t say anything, just looked at him with one perfect eyebrow raised.
“What is all this?” Tony asked, “I didn’t forget am important date or anything did I?” He joked, leaning back to look into Steve’s eyes.
“Tony,” He said, “You’ve never cared what people think. Don’t start now. There is absolutely nothing wrong with you.” He leaned back and cupped Tony’s face in his hand. Tony looked up and leaned his cheek into Steve’s hand.
“Oh my gosh, I’m sorry I wasn’t looking where I was walking!” A voice said. Tony looked up and his eyes met a pair of beautiful baby blues. Now, this guy was Hot with a capital ‘H’. He was tall, at least six feet, he had blonde hair that was swept to the side slightly, and damn was this guy built. He looked like he could bench press a car if he wanted to.
After the military Steve came back and went to college to officially study art, and while doing so taught a self defense class with a woman named Natasha, who he said was one of the most terrifying friends he’d ever had. With Natasha came Clint, her best friend, and after them followed Thor, and yes, that is his real name. Steve had a family in all these people, and Tony found himself feeling jealous, and hoping that someday he’d get to meet them first hand.
“I’ve been ready for two minutes,” Tony said impatiently. “Fuck me, Steve, don’t tease me please, I can’t take it right now.”
“I’m not mad, honey. I just didn’t understand. I think it could be fun, too. What did you have in mind?” Steve asks, putting his arms around Tony in return.
“Well, Cap, want the grand tour? I’ll take you to your floor afterward.” Tony asked with a big smile on his face.
Tony just smiles before walking toward his lover and wraps his arms around Steve’s thicker waist before looking up at him. Steve looks surprised for a moment before he relaxes a bit and wraps his arm around Tony in return, and looks down to meet his eyes as well. Tony lays a kiss directly over Steve’s heart. “You’re beautiful, baby.” He trails kisses up Steve’s chest to his collarbone and stops at the sensitive spot behind Steve’s ear where he feels the shiver that wracks the man’s body. “You’re beautiful no matter what size you are, always.”
“Not a problem, gorgeous,” Tony responded after getting over his initial shock and taking off his sunglasses. “I’d get knocked into a thousand times if it was someone who looked like you do. Tony Stark,” he said holding out his hand to shake.
“In here!” Steve replied, feeling almost giddy as he waited for Tony to make his way to the kitchen.
“Wait, go back, who said it’s not an option? Can you slow down so I can understand, please?” Steve says, “It’s when people get turned on by their partner gaining weight, like choosing to get fat?”
The two men sat down near each other and Tony stared at him for a minute. “What? Do I have something on my face?” Steve ran his hand over his mouth and chin, but didn’t find anything weird.
He thought about Tony, stuffing himself with all the food he could, until his cheeks were rosy, and he was struggling to take deep breaths. He pictured himself sitting on his knees in front of the genius with his own hands on Tony’s belly, softly massaging to help the food settle. Tony would be letting out soft little whines when he shifted to get more comfortable. “Fuck.” He whispered to himself.
When Tony notices it, he wonders if Steve has too. They’re having a movie night with the team for the first time in about a month. Natasha and Clint had been gone on missions, Thor had gone to visit Jane, and Bruce was still here he’d just stayed on his floor and in his lab for the most part.
“I’m sure that’s not true, Tony,” Steve began. “I’ve always believed that everything happens for a reason, maybe you just haven’t met the right person yet.” The right partner, he thought to himself. “You shouldn’t be with someone who wants to change something so big about you.” He looked Tony in the eye, “You deserve someone who will accept you for who you are.”
Recently Tony had begun absentmindedly resting his hands on the apex of his stomach when he had nothing else to do with them, as he was doing right now while he had a little pout on that beautiful face of his. “I just-,” he paused to take a deep breath, “This is the first event I’ve been too looking like this. People are going to be talking about me all night.”
“Christine Everhart, as you should know by now, Mr. Stark. I’ve only interviewed you half a dozen times.” She said sarcastically. Tony just winks at her, letting that be his answer. “I came to ask you about the new phones that were released but I can see Ms. Potts looking for you, so it’ll have to wait for another time.” Tony looked as well and saw that Pepper was indeed motioning for him to join her.
“So, you’re gonna get fat together? To save your sex life?” Bucky wonders the next day, wiping down the counter of his and Natasha’s bar, then swats at Nat with the towel. Bucky and Natasha had opened this bar about five months ago, and they had a great business going. They’re in a perfect part of town, they have a lot of usual customers. Everybody loves the place.
Eventually Tony looked up, uncertain again. “Are you sure you want this? I’m not good at relationships. And now I have all this extra weight, I won’t hold it against you if you change your mind. O-or I could even try to lose it, if you want that.”
“Yes, basically. Really, I read about when people get turned on by being fed or feeding someone else, but weight gain is what it led me to.”
Tony still looked shocked, but that shock quickly turned soft and excited as he started to walk towards Steve. When he got to his destination, he wrapped his arms around Steve’s shoulders and kissed his cheek before settling his head against Steve’s right shoulder as his favorite soldier’s arms closed around his waist.
He grabbed Tony and rolled them once so that Tony was sitting on his lap while Steve was on his back. “Ride me,” he ordered.
“Of course we can. Go get a movie set up in our room, I’ll order food.” Tony nodded and headed to the hallway that led to their bedroom. “JARVIS could you order the usual from Joe’s, please?”
Tony just groaned and sat up from where he had been lying on his back on the bed. Steve thought it was adorable, but these days his lover had to do a little roll to the side before he could get himself up. He didn’t know if Tony realized he did this, but Steve wasn’t going to be the one to tell him. His boyfriend’s rounded belly got in the way now and seeing it in action always got him a little hot and bothered.
Tony looked at Steve, trying to picture him bigger. Now, Steve’s already a big guy, six feet of muscle. Trying to picture him with less definition, with a belly. He had to admit, it got him a little turned on.
“Sir, Captain Rogers is in the lobby waiting for you.” Tony is startled out of his thoughts by the sound of JARVIS’s voice. He looks around, confused, and sees that it’s already 5:55.
The sound of skin slapping against skin was delicious, but Steve decided he wanted to switch positions. He pulled out quickly and Tony whimpered, “what the fuck, Steve?”
Steve growls, deepening the kiss for a moment before pulling back to look into Tony’s eyes. “Make me fatter, Tony.”
“Tony, are you sure? I don’t know if I like this.” Pepper says with her head in her hands. “This is really unhealthy when it’s on accident, I feel like it’s unhealthier when you’re choosing to do it. And Tony, what about the press? They’re going to tear you apart as soon as it so much as looks like you’re getting bigger.”
“It’s great Tony, I mean it. I’m sure everyone else is just as grateful at I am.” Tony just shrugged and looked away, chuckling.
“Sir has not eaten since approximately five-fifteen this morning and has had at least eight cups of coffee.”
“Hello, Captain.” Steve jumped. “I am JARVIS, sir’s personal artificial intelligence. Mr. Stark has requested that I bring you to the communal floor where the rest of the team is.”
“Agreed.” Said Steve as he placed his face into the junction between Tony’s neck and shoulder. “We should do that again sometime.” He teased, kissing Tony’s throat.
“I refuse to watch Back to the Future for the millionth time and you still haven’t seen Die Hard!” Tony argues.
Steve excused himself from the conversation with the man and began to walk over to where Tony was standing. As he got to him, he heard the end of the woman’s sentence, “It’s just a shame that everything really caught up with you, I mean look at you, you’ve really let yourself go. It’s a pity.” She finished, looking at him sadly.
“No! I am, I’m completely fine if we stay exactly the same as we have been. I just thought it might be fun to try something new. Please don’t be mad,” Tony begs, wrapping his arms around Steve.
“Then who cares what those snobby people down there will think? Don’t let other people’s attitudes effect your own.” Steve slowly reached down a little further so he could pull the hem of Tony’s shirt up, so it rested right below Tony’s noticeably softer chest. He then began gently rubbing small circles into the soft skin. “The only people in that room who matter are the people you already know love you. There’s no reason to worry, everything will be okay, sweetheart.”
Steve shrugged, “Maybe that’s something we need to explore later.” He winked, “I could definitely get behind seeing you literally burst out of your clothes.”
“No, why would I do that? We’re friends and I don’t want to potentially ruin that. I don’t know what I would do if I didn’t have that anymore.” He looked down.
After making dinner for the two of them, a BLT with some potato chips on the side, Steve made his way down to the shop. As he descended the stairs, he could hear some loud music that he didn’t recognize. “JARVIS, would you let Tony know I’m outside?” The music stopped abruptly, and Tony looked up at the ceiling. After a second, he turned toward the door with an eyebrow raised. He said something Steve could not hear and then the glass door opened.
“Of course, Captain. I will let you know when the pizza is here.” Steve nodded and grabbed some drinks from the fridge before also heading to their bedroom.
“No, no, it’s okay. No, we’re not together anymore, she broke up with me after the nuke incident during the Battle.” Tony sighed, scrubbing a hand over his face and blowing out a deep breath. “She told me she couldn’t handle being with someone who constantly put his life on the line and made her worry all the time. I understand though, and it makes sense. We’ve been very close for a long time, but I don’t think we were meant to last in the long run.
“Tony.” Steve said, voice firm. “I have told you before and I will tell you now. I am not going to leave, you’re it for me, babe. You have officially ruined me for anyone else. I could never dream of not being with you. I love you, Tony, so much it hurts, and I’ll spend the rest of my days making sure you know that.” With that he turned Tony around and hugged him again.
“Yeah, what she said.” Bucky says, also shrugging. Natasha glares at him, jabbing him with her elbow. “Ow, woman. She’s right Stevie, we just want you two happy.”
“Thank you for that. I love you,” Tony said. “I couldn’t take any more of what that woman was saying. Fucking rude old bat.”
“Hey, baby,” says Steve, as he enters the kitchen, kissing Tony’s forehead. “What’d you bring? It smells really good… Oh, egg rolls, yes!” He says as he dives into the food.
Tony’s eyes widened and he looked at Steve, his big brown eyes looked almost hopeful. “What did you say?”
“Shit,” Steve’s voice broke on the word. He finally entered a finger into Tony, causing the man’s breath to hitch while his walls contracted around Steve’s digit.
” Tony reads on his phone as he’s walking to Pepper’s office. He smiles, he and Steve have been talking non-stop since they met a week ago. Tony thinks they’re a match made in heaven. He’s been talking Pepper’s ear off about him all week.
Steve chuckled, “No sweetheart, I just thought you might enjoy a night to relax and unwind. It’s been a while since we’ve had a date night.”
Getting to Steve’s floor Tony invited him to unpack and told him he would have JARVIS let him know when the food got to the Tower.
“You said this is crazy twice,” he says, teasing. “I love you, Tony, of course I want to try something that will make you happy. I’m kind of curious now, too. Maybe we should sleep on it though, see how we feel in the morning, just to be safe.”
“So, where do you want this to go Steve? I’m sorry, I’ve been wondering all night, but I wasn’t sure how to ask.” Tony stated, looking down and off to the side. “I just need to know, is this just a quick fuck, or do you want to see where this goes?”
“You want to know what’s wrong?” He all but growled. “This is what’s fucking wrong,” He began to pull off the baggy MIT sweater Steve had just noticed he was wearing. Once he had it off, he was still wearing a black wifebeater tank top. He stared at Steve and put his hands on his hips. “I had to order bigger clothes today, Steve. I have been the same god damn size since I was nineteen years old. This is your fault, you and your shitty decision to make me fat.”
After cleaning up and pausing to kiss a few times they finally began to get ready for the event. Steve got his suit on and began helping Tony with his when he was done gelling his hair in the bathroom. “Come here,” He said motioning for Tony to come closer. “Here’s your pants, I’ll get your shirt.”
“Tony I’m not going to go away, I want to know what’s wrong? What did I do? Please let me help. I don’t want you mad at me.” He begged. “Please just let me in.” Steve felt like the air was knocked out of him.
“I guess so.” Steve paused and then smiled wide at Tony again, and without any hesitation suddenly grabbed Tony by the waist and hauled him up. Tony yelped and quickly wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck and simultaneously closed his legs around Steve’s waist. He laughed loudly and rested his head in the crook between Steve’s neck and shoulder.
“Well, I support you,” Nat says, “besides, I think you’ll both be very cute, I’ll be sure to pinch your cheeks.” Natasha points at him affirmingly.
Four months later, Tony had packed on another ten pounds. Although he was more confident than he was when he first noticed he’d gotten bigger there were still days where he needed more reassurance. Today, this came in the form of Tony refusing to get ready for a charity event taking place tonight.
After a couple of minutes he heard the elevator doors open and listened as Tony entered their living room. “Steve?” Tony called, “JARVIS said you have something to show me?”
“How about Thai? I haven’t had that in a while.” Natasha suggested. When everyone nodded or shrugged their shoulders she got up. “I’ll go make the call, is there anything specific anyone wants?” Nobody spoke up, so she pulled her cell phone out of her back pocket and walked out of the room.
“Fuck,” Tony whispered, dragging out the ‘uh’ sound. “I’m close too,” He breathed. Both of their movements got more frantic as they both climbed toward their orgasms, until finally one perfect thrust into Tony’s prostate sent him over the edge, cum spurting onto Steve’s chest, walls again clenching around Steve which brought him right with him. As Tony slumped back against Steve’s knees, he was breathing hard, his round belly moving up and down quickly. They both trembled for a minute before Steve grabbed Tony’s soft hips and rolled them to the side, so they were facing each other. For a moment they both just stared into each other’s eyes, breathing hard. Eventually Steve sighed and got up. “Steeeve,” Tony whined, “Where are you going?” He asked with a pout.
Reaching Pepper’s office, he ducks in while she’s on the phone. She waves and motions for him to sit down. “I love you, too, I’ll see you after work,” she says as she hangs up the phone.
Steve sighed. “Alright then, I appreciate it Tony, really. Thank you.” With that Tony whisked him off to show him around. On the communal floor there was the kitchen and the living room, along with a bathroom, a library and two spare bedrooms. Every room was beautiful and pristine, but they didn’t look very lived in. He wondered if Tony had even used this floor at all before he invited the team to live here.
When Steve was invited to live with the team in Avengers Tower, he feels relieved. He had been getting sick of being Fury’s lap dog, so he said goodbye to his shitty SHIELD apartment and packed his bags. Well, more like his one bag and his shield. Showing up at the Tower, he gave his name at the front desk and was shown to the private elevator.
“We haven’t really been here for very long, but I also really don’t want to stay.” Tony responded, thinking. “Pepper might kill me, but oh well, I want to leave.”
“Bummer,” he said, shrugging. “I guess I’ll have to see you later, Katie!” He said as he walked away.
Tony stopped the weapons manufacturing and fired his CFO when it was discovered that he was selling weapons to terrorists and stealing money from the company. He continued to party well into his early thirties, but when Tony turned the big 4-0, he decided he didn’t want to be CEO anymore. He found that at 40 years old he was not enjoying his life very much anymore, so he signed over his company to Pepper and went back to tinkering and testing and blowing things up. It helped for a while, but Tony knew he needed something more in life.
Steve was a coward. At this point it had been three months since his talk with Nat, and Steve still had not come clean to Tony. In that time though he and his favorite genius had continued getting closer. During movie nights Steve noticed that Tony had been sitting right up against his side, and sometimes even curled up against him. He had continued making food for Tony and their routine had stayed the same. Every time Natasha or Clint (yes he’d caught on too) witnessed anything that had to do with Steve and Tony, both of them would pointedly stare at Steve, and after Tony left the room Clint would comment on how disgustingly domestic they were and the two of them would giggle together.
“I don’t understand, is this because I missed breakfast? I’m sorry Tony, Fury needed my help planning a mission.” He said, hoping the apology would at least get him to lift the blackout.
Steve felt his body warm up, feeling the anticipation. “Well should the opportunity arise I certainly wouldn’t complain.” He looked back at Tony and winked, before reaching for the tray of lasagna to put a helping on both of their plates. “I have some dessert, too, but that’s going to be another surprise.”
“Yes, it is,” Tony laughed, “But it’s alright because I’m grateful for it.” They just smiled at each other for a minute.
Warm, soft lips press a kiss to Tony’s temple, making him look up into soft blue eyes. The two smile at each other for a moment before Steve’s hand intertwines with his and he pulls him up to their bedroom. As they enter the room Steve moves toward the closet to grab a pair of sweats to sleep in. Tony goes into the bathroom to brush his teeth before coming out just in time to see Steve pull his t-shirt off and Tony couldn’t have stopped staring even if he wanted to. Steve looks softer, still strong and sturdy but covered with a layer of fat that makes his muscles look less defined. His belly does indeed round out a few more inches than it used to, and Steve is even loosening the draw string on his sweats at that exact moment, not looking bothered by anything at all. Tony leans against the doorway of the bathroom and watches his boyfriend adjust the waistband on his pajamas until he’s comfortable, before Steve looks up at him. Freezing for a second, as if waiting for Tony to acknowledge his new weight, insecurity clear on his face.
As he’s pulling them out JARVIS breaks the silence, “Sir, the food is here and on it’s way up in the elevator,” “Thanks, J.” Tony says as he grabs the food and heads to the living room. In the last few months Steve had gotten a lot bigger, and the sight of him as Tony walked into the living room made his mouth water. Steve is in the corner of the sectional couch they had bought a couple of weeks ago. He’s surrounded by pillows and blankets that will eventually cover them, but first they need to eat their dinner. Steve sits up, his cute double chin thinning out as he looks up at Tony. Tony smiles and hands him some food to set down before he drops into what’s left of Steve’s lap.
Steve turned around and Tony was walking toward him, Tony looked like he was on a mission. He stalked right up to Steve and reached up to grab his face, he pulled Steve’s mouth straight down to his. The kiss was chaste and sweet, and Tony reached up to put one of his hands on the back of Steve’s neck to hold him there. “I have feelings for you, too. I had just kind of accepted that you wouldn’t feel the same.”
Feelings for Tony. Feelings for his best friend. Natasha had confronted him about it two weeks ago when Tony had come into the kitchen at eleven in the morning, he’d turned on the coffee pot and while he waited for it to start brewing, he stretched his back with his arms over his head.
“Because we need to throw a little fun in here and I know how much you love to dance. Come on, let’s go,” He turned Tony around and smacked his ass lightly to get him moving.
“I think I’m okay to miss out on them tonight,” he said looking at her. “What I really want to be doing is finding out who painted this! Do you know who it was?”
She wanted me to change who I am and to give up Iron Man, but I can’t do that when there’s still people who need him. I, myself, don’t think I’m really cut out for relationships anyway, I always mess them up somehow and they always leave.” Tony looked sad, and Steve just wanted to make him smile again.
“Our friends will still love us Tony, what, are they going to completely leave us behind just because we’re going to get fat? They’ll support us.”
Tony laughed outright, belly jumping with it. He finally rolled onto his side again so he could bring his hands up to Steve’s cheeks. He opened his mouth to say something, but Steve darted in quickly to kiss him before he could.
He heard a small chuckle but kept his eyes closed. He heard Tony move closer, to rest his hands on Steve’s shoulders, rubbing softly. He pulled Steve forward and rested a hand on the back of his head to run his fingers through his blonde hair. Steve rested his cheek against Tony’s chest and nuzzled into the place between his pecks and his belly.
A few months later has them planning what they’re going to make dinner tonight. They’ve been debating between making some kind of stir fry or just ordering in this time, and eventually they come to decide on the fattier option. Tony calls and orders burgers and fries with some milkshakes and apple pie from one of his favorite diners and they wait for it to arrive in the kitchen where Steve is trying to talk Tony into watching Back to the Future and Tony is trying to talk Steve into Die Hard.
“Fine, Tony. You have my approval, but I want you having regular yearly check ups so we can keep up with your health. Steve, too.” Pepper sighs, putting her head back in her hands, obviously stressed out. Rhodey rubs her shoulder, and then looks at Tony again.
“No, I don’t know. I will tell you over and over again how beautiful you are. Maybe someday you’ll believe me.” Steve set his chin on Tony’s shoulder, just taking in the view of his love.
“My floor is the penthouse, obviously. You’re welcome there whenever, just make sure you give me some notice.” Under the penthouse was the communal floor, and below that was a floor that had a gym (complete with reinforced punching bags for Steve), and a pool.
Tony got up to go take a shower while Steve smiled to himself and sat there for another moment. He rubbed his hands over his face and got up, walking to the closet to get his own new suit out. It was a navy blue suit with black lapels and a white shirt. It came with shiny black dress shoes and a black bow tie.
Tony walked in looking confused, he paused at the door and looked around, taking in the food on the table with the candle and noticing the dimmed lights. As Tony studied the room Steve studied him, looking over his messy hair that he’d obviously been running his fingers through. He noticed that Tony was still in some dress pants and a button down from when he’d gone down to the R&D floor this morning to look at some designs. His big brown eyes eventually fell on Steve as he realized what was going on.
“Actually it’s what I can do for you,” Steve started, “I was asking JARVIS a little while ago where you always disappear to and it eventually came up that you had not eaten in almost twelve hours, so I come bearing food.”
“But seriously, we just want you two to be happy. If that’s you being together, fit as fiddles, or if that’s you two being fat and happy together, then who are we to stop you?” Natasha shrugs, looking at Bucky.
Tony carries the bags of takeout into the kitchen of Stark Tower. He had finally gotten Steve to move in with him about three months back and they’ve never been happier. He loved the way things actually look ‘lived’ in, now. There were jackets and shoes placed haphazardly all over the place in the living area/entrance. Pictures (yes actual framed pictures) of their family, groceries in the kitchen. When Tony had lived alone everything was untouched and, most of it, just for show. Steve makes this place feel like home.
Over the last couple of weeks Steve had noticed something. At first he had wondered where Tony was all the time because besides movie nights he wasn’t around very much.
When he enters the bedroom, he sees Steve asleep in their bed. He hurries to change his clothes into dark grey sweats and a black tank top, and he leans over Steve. Tony runs his hands from Steve’s hips up to his shirtless chest, and feels Steve shiver as he wakes up slowly. He raises his hands above his head and stretches and yawns. When he blinks down at Tony, he surges up to kiss him. Their lips fit together perfectly, as always and the kiss is a passionate, slow one.
“Yes of course, I designed one for everyone!” Tony rolled his eyes, “There’s more than enough room in this tower for all of us.”
“I don’t fucking care that you missed breakfast, I didn’t even want anything. Please just go the hell away. I don’t want to see you right now.” Steve pinched the bridge of his nose.
Steve looks away for a second and then looks back at Tony. “I want to see where this goes with you, and I don’t want you to feel pressured, if you do just want this to be a one-time thing, I can handle it.” Tony looks up at him, giving him a shy smile.
Tony all but purred and melted back against his love. “I guess I am excited to have some new suits that will actually fit. I put off getting some for so long I thought the seams were going to go on my old ones.” After speaking, Tony tried to snuggle back into Steve’s chest, only to feel something harden against his lower back. He sat up and looked at Steve. “Really? Now?” He laughed, “Why did that turn you on?”
“Tony!” Pepper said as she came to his side. “What are you doing? I have people I want to meet.” Tony looked over at the crowed of people talking, all of them rich socialites just wanting to look good.
“No, it’s just been a long time since anyone has done anything like this for me. Not since Pepper and I were together. I just appreciate it, that’s all.” He shrugged.
Yeah, he’d realized he was thinking about Tony very often. Little things, like wondering if he was having a good day at work, or hoping he was feeding himself when he was gone on business trips. At some point in their friendship Steve had developed
As Steve set Tony’s plate down as well as his own, they began eating once again. Steve watched as Tony’s cheeks slowly became rosier, that beautiful flush rising from being just a little too full. He noticed when Tony started to slow down a few bites into his second slice, and an idea came to Steve. He was already done with his own pie, so he got up to move his chair over to Tony’s side of the table. “Want some help, love?”
Getting off the elevator, he looks around his lobby. There are a lot of people milling around as the end of the work day sets in and they all go home to their families, or cats, or you know, what have you. His eyes finally land on the large man facing the back wall, staring at his own painting hanging there. Tony works up his courage and walks over to Steve. When Steve notices him, he gets the biggest smile on his face, which in turn, makes Tony smile.
?” Tony asks, “Like really, really sure? This is a very real, life altering decision Steve, this will change our lives. And what about the others? Are they going to judge us? What will people say?” Tony worries. What are their friends going to say? How did Tony not think of this before?
“Fine! We’ll watch Die Hard,” Steve grumbles before saying, “I’m going to go get comfortable in the living room and you can wait for the food.” He walks down the hall to the living room while Tony goes to get drinks from the refrigerator.
Tony took a deep breath and thought for just a second before he ultimately nodded his head. Steve reached over to run a hand down Tony’s stomach before pulling his hand back up to grab the fork sitting next to his plate. Loading up a good-sized bite he raised it to Tony’s mouth and hummed as Tony accepted it. Tony had his eyes closed as he chewed, as if he were trying to concentrate. As he swallowed Steve got another bite ready, and then another and another until the pie and the ice cream were both gone. He stood up to gather the dishes and put them in the sink and moved on to putting both the rest of the pie and the rest of the lasagna into some Tupperware and setting them in the fridge. When he turned around to look back at Tony, the man was back to pushing gently on his stomach, presumably to help shift the food around while he digested.
The woman looked blown away, she eventually huffed and stormed off. Tony sighed in relief and leaned into Steve’s side. “I didn’t think anyone would be that outright rude about this, I just don’t want to be here anymore.” He just looked so sad, Steve couldn’t help running his hand up and down Tony’s back.
After eating and telling each other their life stories, they realized it was past ten o’clock and they realized they should be going. Leaving the diner was hard, Tony had loved his time there so much, but Steve reassured him they would be back another time. They decided to walk back to Stark Tower because it was close and they both spent a lot of the time just thinking, not talking. It was a comfortable silence, but Tony had to break it eventually.
“I love you, too.” Steve whispers back before getting settled back into the couch with Tony curled into his fat side.
It was just a few minutes past 5 when everything was finally ready. Steve set to work setting the table for the two of them, even going so far as to light a candle in the middle of the table. “JARVIS, dim the lights to 55% please.” He said, looking up the ceiling until the lights dimmed down. Looking around the kitchen he was pleased to see everything was ready to go. “Can you ask Tony to please come up here? Tell him I have something important to show him.” He requested. After a moment JARVIS relayed that Tony had started to close all his programs and pack up so he could head upstairs. Steve sat at the island in the kitchen to wait for him, trying to look as casual as possible.
“Yeah, well I don’t know, I just thought we could all use a place to call home. Not shitty SHIELD apartments and barracks. I think we’ve earned the right to be able to relax for a while and have a secure place to stay.” Tony rubbed the back of his neck and had a faint blush on his cheeks.
After getting the pizza from the delivery boy Steve wandered into the kitchen to get some plates and napkins before heading back to the bedroom. When he walked in Tony had a movie ready to go and was doing something on his tablet while leaning on the pillows he’d set up against the headboard. Steve studied him for a moment from the doorway. The man finally looked a little more serene than he had in the last couple of hours, which made Steve smile. He didn’t like when Tony was upset, especially about stupid things like some snobby lady’s opinion.
Steve’s belly takes up most of the room, stretching out his thin t-shirt around the curve of it. His legs are encased in sweats that are way too small and tight which pushes his belly out further around his hips and love handles. His pecs have basically become small breasts that spill through Tony’s fingers when he cups them, and they’re sitting perkily on top of the curve of his stomach. Tony loves how thick his arms had become, biceps huge and soft but his fingers still thin and nimble, perfect for sketching. He loves the curve of Steve’s ass, and the way it fits so nicely in his hands when he squeezes it.
Steve didn’t think he’d ever seem Tony so energetic. Although he could also count the amount of times he’d been around the genius on one hand, so there was probably a lot he didn’t know about him. Looking around the kitchen he saw Natasha and Clint sitting next to each other at the island, Clint with his feet in her lap and Natasha looking through menus on the counter. They both smiled and waved at him and he returned the gesture. Bruce was standing at the stove pouring hot water into a mug with a little tea packet in his hand. Thor was nowhere to be found, so Steve just assumed that he was either back in Asgard or maybe in New Mexico with the girl he’d told stories of when the team had gone for shawarma after the Battle of New York. Lastly, he looked back at Tony. The man was sitting up on the counter next to where Bruce was still at the stove. He was wearing the same faded band tee he had worn on the helicarrier as well as some ratty grey sweatpants.
“That sounds perfect,” Tony says before sitting up quickly to pull the blanket up from where it was bunched up at the foot of the bed. While he’s up Steve moves to fix the pillows so they’d both be comfortable before lying down on his back, head and shoulders propped up. Tony brings the blanket up moves Steve’s arm away from his chest so Tony could curl up on his side with Steve’s arm around him and his hand resting against Steve’s chest. Steve turned his head to kiss Tony once again, this time on the forehead before asking JARVIS to queue up a movie for them to most likely fall asleep halfway through, but they didn’t care. They didn’t really care about anything outside of their little bubble right now, both totally serene to lie together and doze off.
Tony hummed, which made Steve shiver from the vibrations. Tony continued swallowing him down until Steve was whimpering and on the edge of his orgasm. Tony reached up and massaged Steve’s balls until Steve came down his throat and he swallowed his spend.
“I’m all for it if it means you’ll be happy, I just want you guys to be careful. You’re playing a dangerous game.” He says, walking over to give Tony a hug.
After that, the night was full of talking and getting to know each other. Tony even stayed longer than Pepper, which was definitely going to be talked about between the two later. Steve and Tony talked through the night and, at the end, exchanged numbers.
“You’re gorgeous Tony. You had to have noticed how I feel about you.” Steve chuckled, “I know I didn’t outright tell you, which I should’ve, but I think everyone else knows. I’ve been trying to figure out how to tell you for months now. I just didn’t want to risk losing you as my best friend if you didn’t feel the same.”
Getting back up to their floor, the elevator door opened, and Tony began stripping his suit off. Steve laughed and began to help him, doing exactly the opposite of what he’d done to help him get ready. “Are you hungry?” He asked, feeling his own stomach growl.
“Thank you, both of you. Now I have to split because Steve will be waiting at home and we’re supposed to start tonight.” Tony says, giving Pepper a kiss on her forehead.
“Well what about you mister Stark, are you normally here or at your headquarters in Malibu? I want to know about the ‘genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist’ I’ve heard so much about on television.”
“This is amazing Tony; did you do all this for the team?” Steve was quite frankly blown away. He began to feel awful for judging the man so harshly when they had first met. After Tony had taken the nuke through the portal during the battle it had become evident that he was much less selfish than Steve had originally thought. All this being put together for the team only solidified that.
“Please, you don’t have to buy it just because you asked me about it, it’s fine, really.” Steve replied, looking serious.
Tony laughed before picking himself up to seat himself on Steve’s dick. He took another moment to adjust before raising himself up again and dropping back down.
“Perfect! Let’s go then,” Tony starts to walk away with Steve, but the man stops him with a hand on his arm. Tony pauses and looks at Steve with curiosity. The other man is blushing again, with his head tilted down. “What’s wrong, handsome?”
“Mon Capitan! Welcome to our casa!” Tony exclaimed, “You’re the last one to show up, rude by the way, we were just trying to decide what to get for lunch. Have a preference?”
“Hello gorgeous,” Steve said as he swooped in to land a kiss on Tony’s cheek. “How are you doing over here?” He paused to look at the woman, “oh sorry, ma’am, I need to steal him.” He wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist and began to pull him away from her, “I’m sure he’d love to keep talking to you except, well, he doesn’t.”
Steve chuckled breathlessly before aligning himself with Tony’s entrance, pushing in with one quick move. Tony let out another gasp, “Give me a sec,” he said before whispering to himself, “Oh fuck, holy shit, Steve, oh my god.”
“Well yeah, what else do you call texting non-stop for a week after meeting? I’m so worried that I’m going to mess this up, Pep. I haven’t been this interested in someone in a long, long time.” He bites his lip. “Plus he’s younger than me and he’s a beautiful man, he could have literally anyone else, he’s just going to be let down and want to find someone more his speed, I know it.” He’s just feeling so insecure. He’s just starting to wallow when he feels a smack to the back of his head. “Ow! What the hell Pep?”
He walked back to the table and ran a hand through Tony’s hair before offering it to Tony to help him stand. Tony took his hand and slowly stood up, as if weighed down. Steve reached his hands up to cup Tony’s face and leaned in to kiss him passionately, tasting the pie on his lips and moaned. Tony moved Steve’s hands out of the way so he could wrap his arms around his neck and got up on his tip toes to get a better angle. When they finally pulled away from each other, Tony looked at him with heat in his gaze. “Bedroom?” He asked.
“You don’t have to say anything. If you don’t feel the same, I’ll understand. I don’t want you to feel pressured. I can leave if you want me to, I’ll give you some space.” Steve said as he dropped his hands and took a step back. Tony still just looked shocked and seemed to be searching Steve’s face for something. “If you want to talk, I’ll be upstairs on my floor.” He leaned forward cautiously and kissed Tony’s forehead. He turned around to leave the shop, and was almost to the door when he heard a small “wait!”
A week later, Tony is still doing research on the topic. He’s getting frustrated, why is it so hard to find something he thinks he and Steve could both agree on? As he’s skimming the list that he had JARVIS put together for him, he passes over a word:
“Here, I made us both BLTs.” He handed him the plate and Tony gestured over to the comfortable looking futon over in front of a wall mounted TV.
“You got it, beautiful.” Steve backed up so he could stand and walk to the bedside table and grab the bottle of lube that was in it. “You know the drill, baby. On all fours please.” Tony worked up the strength to roll himself over and get up on his hands and knees. Steve noticed that Tony’s heavy belly was only a couple of inches away from touching the mattress in this position, which shot a pang of excitement straight down to his straining dick. He groaned, “Oh fuck,” he let out, breathing harder, “baby you’re getting so big. Have you weight yourself lately?” He asked, getting his fingers slicked up and circling Tony’s entrance.
This last year had been a rollercoaster of emotions, but Tony was very happy with where everyone was in his life. First, Steve’s mom (who is Tony’s favorite person in the world, besides her son) had gotten sick, but thankfully she’d pulled through and was recovering at the rate that is expected. Tony had never seen someone cry the way Steve cried when he found out she was sick. That was about 3 months into their relationship.
“So, what exactly do you do now, Tony? I know you used to be CEO, but then you gave your entire company over to your secretary, what does that leave you with?” Steve asks with such open curiosity, Tony thought it was totally endearing.
Steve took a angry step forward and grabbed Tony’s chin to make him look at Steve. “Now you listen to me Tony Stark. You are not disgusting or gross. You will never be either of those things and I don’t ever want to hear those words out of your mouth again.” Steve sighed and looked down for a minute. When he looked back up at Tony’s face, he was sad to see unshed tears just waiting to fall. “Tony, I don’t ever want you to think those things about yourself,” He said softly. “They are the farthest thing from the truth.”
“This is déjà vu, I swear,” Tony laughed, “I had the exact same conversation with Pepper. But I need to know, what
Normally Steve would wake up, go for his run, and come home to make breakfast that he would take down to Tony. He also made lunch for him when he could. When he would take food down to Tony, occasionally they’d would sit and talk like they did the first time, other times they would turn on a TV show they had been watching and eat in silence. Usually though, Tony would eat while he worked, and Steve would sit on the futon and read or draw. He’d quickly begun to sketch scenes from the workshop. He had drawn Dum-E and the other bots and man did he love those bots, but mostly he sketched Tony. Tony with his safety goggles resting above his forehead, Tony underneath a car or taking apart the motor, Tony with grease on his clothes and face.
“Well, it’s like,” Tony pauses, unsure of how to continue, “Like, when someone gets turned on by them or their partner gaining weight. That’s what I learned about twenty minutes ago and I haven’t been able to get it off my mind. I know, it’s weird and I know it’s not an option, so let’s just forget I said anything.”
“I am sorry, when I asked him if he was alright, he muted me, and I cannot speak to him until he unmutes me.” JARVIS said. “I am unsure if he will respond to you or not.”
“Make sure you save room for dessert, baby.” Steve said, pleased with himself for eliciting that kind of reaction from Tony.
Steve laughs, nodding his head. “Born and raised in Brooklyn. Joined the army for a while, did a couple of tours and then came back. I started out small, selling my paintings to people I knew and eventually someone I knew happened to know another person, and so on. Now I’m here,” he says, shrugging.
“Oh man, I didn’t need to know that! My virgin ears!” Clint exclaimed dramatically, throwing his hands in the air and rolling his eyes.
“Well damn am I glad you’re here now,” Tony says flirtatiously. The blush hadn’t really left Steve the whole time they’d been talking, but that makes it surge forward again. And he’d be damned if he didn’t want to find out how low that blush goes.
“I have a Glock 19 fully charged, three daggers, four protein bars and a gum.” Answered first Bucky.
“Okay!” Steve clapped his hands. “Before we take another action, let’s see what we got with us. I have my phone, a pocketknife and five protein bars. What you guys got?”
Tony let Steve and Bucky leading the group and stayed behind with Bruce, concerned for his science bro. Coping with a strange place, no matter the many times they done that, isn’t easy.
“I have seven point knifes, three cookies and why did you list a gum?!” Clint asked turning to Bucky.
His friends started to say: “What are you doing?” “Why are you talking to the bear?” “Tony get behind me, it’s dangerous!”
The team looked around and saw a green forest with high trees and warming light. Tony stared at the place, starting to recognize the feeling of being there, but couldn’t quite reach in his memories what was so familiar about there.
In the end, only Rhodes and Sam had a weapon, a Glock 42 fully charged and Glock G25. The rest of the team only had theirs phones.
All of a sudden the wind stopped and came back the breeze, but they weren’t on the tower anymore. Startled they looked around and found themselves on a forest with high trees and singing birds.
“Where in the hell do you keep all that?!” asked Tony with wide eyes as he looked at her, not even seeing the ten weapon she said she carried. “I only have my phone with me and as we know it’s useless in here.”
Breathing deeply and fast, he pulled away to the back of the wardrobe. Soon enough he felt a warm breeze on his back e leaves in his hands. Turning around he looked and couldn’t believe his eyes, because he was seeing e entering in another world, a magical and adventurous world.
As they chat, they arrived in a stream with the ground full of stones. Thankfully the water as limpid clean, so they drank directly from the stream.
The bear was still staring at Tony and narrowing his eyes as he smelled the air. Soon enough he was walking toward them, but wasn’t showing hostility, but curiosity.
“Then we better check out this place and find a place to rest.” Steve said while motioning the team to follow him. “If we are on an unknow planet, them I think we will stay here for a while. Let’s go avengers, a think I heard the sound of water by north.”
“Let me help you with that,” Tony said, letting his hands fall and taking a step back. “Let me take care of you.”
“Oh, baby,” Steve said, coming around the bed to sit back against the headboard and pat the space between his legs. Tony sighed and began scooting backwards until his back was pressed against the soldier’s chest. “Remember what I told you when we first talked about this? You’ve never cared about what people think before, so don’t start now. Tony, are you happy?”
“Yes please. I’d like to have a date night with him if possible.” Steve was already thinking of things to do for his lover. He wanted Tony to know how special he was to him and tried to come up with ideas for the night. Maybe cook him a nice dinner and then spend the rest of the night in bed? That sounded good to Steve, he hoped it would sound good to Tony, too.
They eat their food and eventually Steve is struggling to finish his third slice of apple pie and most of the other food is gone. Steve’s belly is taught and stretching his shirt out even more, while also forcing it to ride up. Steve’s chubby sides have stretch marks that are visible when his shirts ride up like this, and Tony makes sure to massage them the best he could until they could get those pants off.
“I love you, too, Tony. More than anything. Sleep, love. I’ll be here when you wake up.” He replied, rubbing soothing circles into Tony’s hand with his thumb before drifting off to sleep as well.
“If I say yes can we get pizza?” Tony stuck out his bottom lip in a pout. Right as he answered his stomach grumbled too.
is the artist he was looking for. He looked the man over, taking in all of him. So far, he seemed too good to be true. Sweet, gorgeous, polite, this guy was perfect. “Ah, so you’re Steve Rogers, I was just admiring your painting! Where did you get the inspiration for it?”
When Steve’s not breathing hard anymore he lifts his head to smile at Tony, looking completely blissed out. Tony tries to memorize how Steve looks right now. He’s slumping forward a bit with his hands still in Tony’s hair, which is pushing his belly out further. His legs have relaxed which really gives away how fat and thick his thighs are. His pecs are flabby too, soft and looking like they need to be cupped in Tony’s hands. Next time.
“Okay, Tony.” He murmured. After that they spent the next few hours just talking and laughing together, and when Steve left, he found himself feeling lighter than he had since he’d woken up in this time.
“Thank you?” Unsure of what to think he left it at that and stayed quiet the rest of the ride up to the ‘communal floor’. When the elevator doors opened he stepped out and followed the sound of voices into what he found to be the kitchen.
Both of them ended up going for seconds, and then thirds. Tony finished his before Steve and leaned back in his chair to rub his hands over the curve of his belly for a moment. “That was amazing,” He basically panted. Steve himself hardening over the scene in front of him and pushed his plate away. “Do you need a minute before the dessert, love?”
They were sitting in this little hole in the wall diner called Nick’s, Steve says he’d been coming here for years and that Nick was his CO while he was in the military. It was a nice place and not very busy, so it was quiet while they were talking.
Over the next few months, Steve and Tony continued to get closer, and Steve couldn’t believe he’d ever thought ill of the man. Every day he found another thing that proved how wrong he’d been about him. Right now, he and Tony were sitting in the kitchen while Tony snacked on cheese and crackers, and Steve worked on making chicken stir fry. Steve had noticed lately that Tony’s appetite had grown because of getting a good meal at least two times a day, and he was pleased with this. Tony hadn’t been eating enough before the team moved in. It had become a routine for them to eat together when they could.
“Yes, Sir tends to work an excessive number of hours. He describes it as getting lost his head.” Interesting.
But anyway, when he notices it, it’s because of the way Steve is lying with him on the couch. Tony had gotten to the couch first so when Steve showed up he’d plopped down so his head was in Tony’s lap and he was on his back. A movement caught the corner of his eye and when he turned his head he just about stopped breathing. Steve was slowly moving his thumb back and forth across the lower curve of his slightly protruding belly, and now that he had noticed it he couldn’t look away. It didn’t seem that Steve realized he was doing it, the unconscious movement was slow and gentle and Tony wondered how he hadn’t noticed it before. Through the rest of the movie Tony couldn’t focus on anything except Steve’s movements, so when the credits start to roll and Steve looks up at him softly with a sleepy smile on his face Tony smiles back the same way and says, “Hey, big guy. Let’s get you to bed, huh?”
Tony laughed and the five of them began talking and laughing together. The night went on like this for about another hour before they each broke off to schmooze and talk to donors and other high-class people. Steve had been in a conversation with a man in his dress blues for about thirty minutes when Natasha walked by to nudge his shoulder and nod to Tony. Steve looked to where Nat had motioned and saw Tony looking extremely uncomfortable and was slightly leaning back, like he wanted nothing to do with this conversation. Looking to who Tony was talking to he saw a woman who looked to be in her mid to late 40’s leaning very close to Tony, but with a face of mild disappointment.
“Holy fucking shit, Tony,” He moaned loudly, “You’re so fucking beautiful, baby, I’m so close, keep going,” He begged. He finally brought a hand up to give Tony’s throbbing cock the attention it deserved, using the plentiful precum to lubricate as he started moving his hand to match his hip thrusts.
“Tony no,” Steve laughed, “Do you remember, all those months ago when I told you that you deserved someone who wouldn’t want to change everything about you? Tony, I want to be that person. I don’t want you to change anything about you. I want you as you are.” He paused. “And besides I kind of like the extra weight… I think it’s sexy. Is that weird?”
“I want you to fuck me,” Tony groaned, “I need you inside of me.” He whined when Steve thought he was done talking and added an absolutely wrecked ‘please, Steve’.
“Actually I,” he says, stressing the ‘I’, “have finally gotten a date. Steve and I are going to a place he knows tonight.” He swallows, looking at Pepper. She grows serious.
The guy blushed and ducked his head with a shy smile. He looked at Tony and grasped his hand. “Steve Rogers.”
As he gained a rhythm in bouncing up and down Steve was mesmerized by the view in front of him. Tony had his eyes closed and was murmuring to himself, his dick was standing proud against his stomach just asking to be touched. But what was most hypnotizing was, of course, Tony’s stomach. He could stare at this man all day, moving in time with Steve’s hip thrusts, and as he continued looking his climax built just watching Tony’s belly jiggle with his movements.
Tony did smile, but it was still tinged with sadness and his smile didn’t quite reach his eyes. “Thanks Steve, I appreciate it. I just don’t know if I’ll ever be that lucky.” He blew out another breath and looked around, “I’m sorry, that got unexpectedly heavy, we can move on to lighter topics.” Steve looked at him for another moment.
“Yes, you are Tony, you have to. We all do. Why don’t you want to go?” Steve asked, while getting Tony’s new tailored suit from the closet and lying it on the bed. “I know you don’t like going to these things, but you normally suck it up and do it. What’s different?”
“How about I let you take care of that and you just tell me what you want, I think I’ll be happy to oblige.” Steve says, giving Tony a solid kiss.
They lay there, for a few more minutes before Steve suggested they watch a movie and settle in for bed.
As Pepper walked away, Tony called, “If you find him, tell him I’m in love with his painting!” She waved her hand backwards in acknowledgment. Tony turned to go on his own adventure to find this ‘Steve Rogers’, but immediately ran into a very firm chest.
Steve on the other hand was picturing almost the same thing about Tony. Tony had already lost some definition in his core since they’d been together. He’d been working so much, all he wanted to do was come home afterward, instead of going to their gym and working out with Happy. In short, Tony had already gotten a little chubbier. That’s what made Steve so interested, he wanted to see how far he could take that.
Steve then lifted Tony’s belly slightly so he could grab at the waistband of his undone pants in order to slowly pull them down along with his black boxer briefs. Getting Tony completely naked, Steve stood back up to push him gently back, so he was sitting on the bed. Tony stared at Steve hungrily as he started to undress himself. When they were both fully unclothed Steve pushed on Tony’s chest to get him to scoot back farther onto the bed and lay back to Steve could crawl up on top of him. Steve reversed what he had started out doing by kissing his way back up Tony’s body until he got to his jaw. Steve could feel Tony’s hard dick against his own and his hips snapped forward looking for more contact and friction.
While out of the room Steve was thinking about the genius. How could he get Tony to see just how amazing and beautiful he was? He thought about it a little longer before deciding on setting up a date night for them. “JARVIS does Tony have anything scheduled for Friday after five o’clock?”
“If I didn’t know any better, I’d think you’re trying to fatten me up, Rogers.” Tony said mischievously, Steve.
Tony pulled his pants up and buttoned them. Steve paused in getting Tony’s shirt to settle the waistband on his dress pants underneath the curve of his belly. He finally pulled Tony’s shirt open and helped him get his arms in the sleeves. Steve spun him around and put his hands on Tony’s cheeks to give him another soft kiss before reaching down to begin buttoning the shirt from the bottom up. Tony tucked his shirt in after it was done and looked up at Steve to smile at him lovingly before picking up his shoes and dropping them on the floor so he could sit on the bed and bend over to put them on after his socks.
Steve joined the army right out of high school with his best friend Bucky, who was more like his brother than just his best friend. In the army he met Sam, and they all three were in the same unit. They did both of their tours together and then retired from the military after Bucky lost his arm to a grenade thrown at them while they were in enemy territory. Steve got a medal for saving dozens of soldiers that were trapped by the enemy, including Sam and Bucky.
“Look, would you calm down please? Steve and I are doing this whether we have your approval or not.” He snipes. “But I would like to be able to get it. You’re both two of the most important people in my life and I don’t want you upset with me, I just want you to know that Steve and I are happy to do this. We’re
“At the moment Sir is working on improving Miss Romanov’s widow’s bite and Mr. Barton’s arrows.” JARVIS said. “He has been working on this since about four in the morning.”
“Come on then!” Steve laughed getting in front of his lover and offering his hand. Tony accepted the hand and they got into position right as a new song started. The two of them spun around the dance floor, swaying slightly. Steve leaned down to kiss Tony for a minute, before pulling away and resting his chin on the top of Tony’s head.
Steve moaned loudly and leaned back on his hands. Tony began to bob his head up and down and started to run his hand up and down Steve’s thigh. “Oh fuck, Tony,” Steve panted, “You take such good care of me, babe.”
