“Where will she be tonight?” I asked, taking one more glance in the mirror to check my appearance, straightening the collar of my white blouse.
Here we are at the end of this story. I want to thank my wonderful betas again without them this story would not be what it is today. Harmony and Meer were amazing. Thank you, thank you, thank you! This story was writing for Fandom Trumps Hate auction. It was my first year offering a story and I have enjoyed it a lot. It has been a journey over the last two weeks reading all your wonderful comments. Thank you so much for taking a chance on this story with less then amazing tags. I hope you enjoy the ending. Feel free to leave comments on here or on my twitter @octoberisblue or on both. I love hearing what you thought. Alright without farther ado, the final chapter is here. <3 <3 <3
“What?! How? I haven’t seen him since The Landmark! I promise Mar!” I can’t stop my thoughts from screaming in my head.
Sherlock could only hope that John had gone to bed for the evening. It had only been two months since John moved back in after Mary left and he didn’t need to see what Sherlock had become during his time away. The darkness had been lingering on the edge of Sherlock’s mind all day. Working at the lab hadn’t changed it. He had procured the drug on his way home from St. Barts. He now sat on the floor of his room, leaning against his bed. The needle in hand, he was ready to disappear, to forget for a while.
“I know I hoped that I was the reason but you were so angry at me for him.” I try to snuggle closer to her. Try to feel the warmth of her body. I always feel safe here in her arms. I wondered if it would feel the same outside of my mind.
"I sent a cable yesterday, asking the Admiralty about reports of waterspouts in the vicinity of London.    With responsibility for the entire Navy, they have the best records of ocean and coastal weather, especially dangers such as storms. There was indeed a waterspout, in the morning, the day before yesterday.  Do you see yet?  A storm off the coast, reaching up into the coldest parts of the sky, and down to touch the sea.  Thus we get jellyfish, sucked from their rightful place to fall helplessly over the city as the storm disintegrated, and also a chunk of ice, falling with the most unlucky chance on the head of a frail, elderly woman bending over in her garden."
"Watson, contact with me has obviously corrupted you beyond redemption."  But when he began to undo his shirt buttons, I knew he had accepted the dare.  "You were definitely not so evil and depraved when I first met you."
It was just as well that I made such a resolution, for Holmes had fetched a phial of oil from his dresser, and having warmed it between his hands poured it very slowly into the cleft of my buttocks, slowly enough that I could feel it trickling down inch by inch.  The feeling was intensely ominous - I could think of only one reason for the oil, and though I had agreed to it, I was still nervous - but also intensely erotic, as the oil spread over the skin of my sac and began to drip down the inside of my thighs.
My hands drew curves up and down on my torso, but when I went to undo my belt I heard a soft  "Later" and felt Holmes shake his head slightly.  Instead he chose to divert me.
I did as he asked - when had I not?  - and was rewarded with hearing a hiss wrenched from him at the sight of my completely exposed cock.  He bent forward and bit me in the shoulder, my arousal running so high that the pain registered only as another pleasure.
“No, that’s all right.”  Holmes said, trying manfully for indifference and failing.  “You’re used to The Strand, you can keep publishing your accounts there.”
I was more dubious about this step, but still did as he said.  They did indeed tingle a little at the attention, and the same tingle echoed between my legs.
I could see why Holmes had been so serious about clarifying his tastes before proceeding, when he took a cravat from the clothes-stand and bound my wrists together with it.  Since he had specifically mentioned binding me, I was not taken completely by surprise, but I was not entirely comfortable either.  The discomfort was purely mental; the cravat was not overly tight, and did not chafe like a rope might.  I pulled slightly against the binding once or twice, and decided I could get used to it.
"Does this mean that every time you ask me to put myself out for one of your cases, I can expect to be paid back in this fashion later?"
"You ask why I did not approach you more conventionally - in truth..." and he laughed, a high and shaky laugh that told me how close he was to hysteria, "... my sexual experience does not include approaching another, or any form of negotiation.  I will tell you also, as I have never told anyone else, that you now have the key to my situation earlier, when you could not understand my reaction to your attack."
Holmes continued, "I would not want anything to change in the rest of our lives - I need your strength, your intelligence, and your willingness to stand against me when you think me wrong."  I saw the seriousness of his expression.  "It is one reason I have hesitated in taking this further.  I do not want obedience to become a habit with you.  If the price of having you sexually is the loss of your character, then it is too high."
I returned to find that had not moved from his chair, except to keep his pipe filled with tobacco and the room with smoke.  I asked if I could be of any use, but he only grunted and waved me away.  I was too accustomed to this behaviour to take offence, and went to bed hoping that illumination would occur before dawn.
"No, not really."  And I could hear the smile I could not see.  "If you remove your other cufflink, I will gladly attend to your left arm."
He questioned the guards, and other house staff, but being used to his methods I sensed he was only going through the motions.  He did not have the look he did when he had a clear trail to follow.
Holmes took his time with my left arm, obviously making the most of my current permissiveness.  His attentions to my body drew me to focus on the here and now, and my frustration at my tangle of emotions receded.  I felt so much better than I had five minutes ago that I could hardly believe the difference.
He moved, then.  He was quick enough to get the bag from my hand before I realised he was after it.  He took one incredulous look inside, then groaned out loud and thrust it back.
Being already halfway home, so to speak, it was only a couple of minutes' effort to reach my peak, and slide into the almost equally enjoyable lassitude that follows.  I would have stayed longer, but the October sun is a short-lived thing, and the temperature of the air was already falling.  I stood and stretched hugely, feeling a definite contentment inside and out.
, I cannot treat you as they did, even if you wish me to.  If blows are all you want, I must decline now.  However, I have no objections to delivering a bit of rough handling, short of fists and blows, so we may be able to meet somewhere in the middle.  And my last word: You will have to ask me for my company, if you decide you want it.  I will not make it difficult for you, the barest request will do, but I will not even pretend that I touch you without your consent."
But my body burned with desire for him, no matter what conditions he set.  And the requests he had made so far had been acceptable to me: no grovelling or treating him as some sort of superior, just the acceptance that his was the only authority.  I could have walked out at any time, but having chosen twice now to stay, the memory of the pleasure received set me quivering.
"What can a man risk more than life itself?"  I countered, getting caught up in the argument and beginning to lose the awareness that it was all just my imagination.
"And your mission is to seek out evil and depravity and see that it gets treated as it deserves?" I teased, my voice caressing him as my hands dared not.  I held tight to the bag to keep from reaching down and adjusting myself within my trousers as he stripped in front of me.
I ran my hand slowly down his spine, checking the length was as I had pictured it.  His formal clothes would hold it still at the waist, but the loop on the end fell lower, so even with underclothes and trousers on it would be free to move a little, shifting against the top curve of his buttocks.  Not even Holmes would be able to ignore that for an entire evening.  Besides, I had more cards to play yet.
Each one wants to escape, to leave everything behind. Neither realises that the other wishes the same.
There were guards on each of the outer walls and two at the gate. He could only imagine how many were on the inside. Just as John had decided to return to the safe house and contact Mycroft, a delivery truck slowly made its way up the road. John didn't waste any time before dashing out of his cover and into the back of the truck. Not his smartest plan but it would get him inside.
"Not drugs, John." Sherlock wasn't sure how to say what he needed to. "I mean- if you feel the need to- if the darkness gets bad, please let me help you."
Thank you to everyone for reading and commenting on this story. I have always loved this movie and while re-watching it thought it would be great as a Johnlock. Though Sherlock's brilliant brain made it so some parts of the movie didn't work but I think it all worked out in the end. Thanks again for reading. Enjoy! <3
“Loo is just there.” Sherlock pointed to a door. “Goodnight, John.” With that, he moved into his room and shut the door. He could just hear John whisper a goodnight through the wood.
I let myself drift off in her arms. I can’t think clearly until I can calm down and no place calms me like here with Jo. Tomorrow I will see things differently and find a way to clear my name once again.
My body is racing. I can’t sit still, my legs are restless and carrying me around Mar’s sitting room at a terrifying pace. Jo hasn’t answered my texts. My phone is still gripped tightly in my hand. Every vibration has me jumping out of my skin, but it's never from Jo.
"You must. This is a priority, John. This agent must be recovered at all costs. The nation is depending on you and I am counting on you." Mycroft grew quiet.
Now he was running out the door an hour later, hoping he could find a taxi in this rain. Mike had told him there was someone he wanted John to meet at the party. A possible flatmate. Since John was sorely in need of a new place to live, it was perfect. He just needed to get there.
“What am I going to do, Gray.” I sob. This is completely undignified but I can’t help it. She holds me tight, making soft shushing sounds. Her hands rub my back in that soothing mother way. This is how I wanted Jo and I’s reunion to go.
None of this is your fault. You never asked me to fall in love with you. You showed me nothing be friendship and kindness, and I in return let my foolish heart get carried away.
I shrugged off her hand. “How would you know?” I threw at her before leaving the room, headed for anywhere but there.
John still went to the farmer’s Markets on Saturday mornings once a month but not to sell their honey. He kept all of the honey Sherlock had made, using it sparingly so he wouldn’t run out. That was his alone.
"I thought you said the Moran job was going to take two people? My Serbian is a bit rusty." John cursed his lack of knowledge with the language.
“Scarlett?” Someone sits next to me. Soft, quiet. I squeeze my eyes shut tightly. “It’s going to be okay.”
Sherlock let out a sigh of relief. "Okay, thank you. So... So we are doing this then?" he asked, waving a hand at both of them.
John entered the kitchen to start the kettle before stepping out the back door to call out so they knew he was up. He received several barks in reply. John smiled before returning to the kettle. He made some toast and poured the tea.
“I was under the impression that you were happy with the direction of your life.” Sherlock took another sip, giving himself something to do, while watching John’s reaction over the top of his glass.
He quickly radioed for back up, just as John lashed out. The two of them tumbled to the floor, fighting for John's gun. He could hear boots running towards them, he knew he only had seconds before backup arrived, but Vlado was fighting him hard. John gripped the gun tightly, close to getting it out of Vlado's hands when there was a crack and everything went dark.
Pulling his coat collar up around his ears and taking a last deep breath, Sherlock turned towards the door and straight into John’s watching eyes.
"What? I thought the Great Sherlock Holmes never guesses." John chuckled as he kissed Sherlock again.
He looked around the small room, finding it bare aside from a camera watching his every move in the right corner. He gave it a
Welcome to another chapter. I hope you are all ready for this. I want to thank my two betas Cherieftpotter and fuckoffwatson1 for their help with this story. <3
“You don’t know that!” I scream, standing up. I push away from them both. “She will never forgive me now! She will hate me forever! I have truly lost her…” I lose all hope at the end and my voice drops to a hushed whisper. “She is gone.” Turning from the room, I make my way up the stairs and down the hall. I see nothing around me. My feet take me to my room where I crawl into bed fully clothed, only kicking off my shoes.
John rolled over, slowly opening his eyes to find he was alone in bed. Sherlock and Watson must have got up early. John stretched and made his way towards the loo. As he passed the dresser, he ran a loving hand over their wedding photo. Matching suits out in their garden, just a few guests attending. Seemed like yesterday even though it had been over nine years since that day.
He hoped that there was only one captive here otherwise Mycroft's words that he would know Will when he found him would be moot. As he entered the brick building another guard questioned his purpose and where he was headed. John quickly focused on remembering his Serbian and responded that he was headed for duty over the captive. The man gave him a hard stare before stepping out of his way. John hoped the relief didn't show on his face as he continued in the direction the guard had nodded towards. He followed the hallway until he reached a guard standing outside a door.
Second to last chapter!! Are you all ready for this? Ahhh here we go! Thank you again for reading this story! <3 <3
So many questions and thoughts were running through his mind that it was overloading quickly. Sherlock took a seat on the chair across from John. His mind registered how similar it was to Baker Street, causing his heart to ache. He thought he had gotten past this. The ache, the longing, the pain of missing John. He absently rubbed his chest as he watched John petting Watson.
I wish that Mycroft had told me how happy you were before I returned. I would have chosen to stay gone instead. I could have saved myself from seeing you so happy with another.
"Oh really, well in that case you have delivered him." Moran chuckled, his eyes dark and humorless. "Vlado, what was he saying to you?"
“John, I didn’t mean - I wasn’t going to say anything. I know how you feel about me and I know the life I was headed for would be far too quiet for you.”
I am truly sorry if I have disappointed or upset you. But I love you too strongly to fake it for even one day for you.
Sherlock turned his phone off, dropping it to the floor. He couldn’t close his eyes. This only made him think over the last few hours in vivid detail.
“Yeah, thought I would get an early start, have a lot to fill him in on today.” John looked down at the flowers in his hand.
I spend a long time in the shower, just soaking up the warm water. It feels glorious to me after spending so long tied to that chair in the freezing cold. I can feel the water washing away the feel of Mark's hands on my body. As I shampoo my hair it is odd to have it so short now. I have gotten used to my long hair over the years and I loved it. Now thanks to Mark it was about chin length. The last time it was that short was during my tour in Iraq.
I wash the soap from my body and disembark from the shower at a record speed. I throw on some pants and my dressing gown before hurrying down the hall. At the top of the stairs I hear voices.
I try to breathe but everything hurts. My hands are fisted deep in my curls, I barely feel the pull.
“There you are, sweetheart.” She smiles, her arms open and inviting. I allow myself to curl into her embrace. I can feel the coarse fibers of her jumper press against my skin as I rest on her shoulder.
Sometime later John woke up tied to the same chair he had helped Vlado out of. He swore, testing the ropes at his hands and feet.
Even writing this out sounds like a lie. I have no doubt you will see straight through this and be completely upset with me for leaving.
Mycroft had officiated the ceremony for them and it had been perfect. Not a cloud in the sky and Sherlock’s bees all around them. John couldn’t have asked for better.
Sherlock stood, then moved towards his door slowly as John continued to yell for him. Watson started to bark at the noise coming from John. Sherlock paused, his hands pressed against the wood as he listened to John. He was drunk, obviously, and leaning on the door.
John pushed open the door. Taking hold of his arm, he turned it to check both sides. “Are you using again?” His voice is angry, yet sad.
"I think about how quickly it will be over. The pain, the darkness. Everything. Then I think of you downstairs and how you came back and how could I leave you after all of that?"
It was only available month to month sublet as there was some mystery about the previous tenant. The landlord said the family didn't want to talk about it or something. Sherlock wasn't listening at all, the flat came furnished, which was appealing. It was a small flat, but Sherlock didn't care, he just wanted a place to hide away.
Once the landlord gave him the keys and left him alone, Sherlock wandered through the room trying to deduce the former tenant as the shaking got worse.
"Sherlock?" John asked softly from where he knelt in front of him. "Just follow me. That's it. Breathe deep for me, love."
So I choose the coward’s way out; to leave in the night without saying a word. If I had sent you my last letter maybe you would understand. But I have decided not to send any of these to you; I don't want to come off as desperate on top of everything else. I have no right to you, no claim to your heart. Which you freely gave to another while I was away.
I rapped twice on Holmes' door, and then entered.  I had already finished dressing for the evening, in perfectly conventional black and white attire.  Holmes was looking attractively dishevelled in socks, underclothes and formal shirt, with his other clothes laid out on the bed.  I clicked my tongue in mock regret and shook my head.
"I swear, that woman is an absolute godsend."  Holmes murmured, investigating the table while I set about lighting the fire.  I was kneeling down on the rug - after all, you cannot light a fire standing up - but when I sat back on my heels I bumped into his legs.  I froze, suddenly conscious of the fact that we were in the same relative positions we had been in during our encounter in the bathroom.  He was as close to me now as he had been then, and I wanted him.
The lewd double meaning in "presenting itself" struck us at the same time, and we both had great difficulty in maintaining our gentlemanly demeanour.  Indeed, over supper I saw his lips twitching every time we made eye contact.  Otherwise we behaved as always, except that Holmes was rather more attentive to my comfort than his usual self-absorption permitted.
"My decision, my dearest," he answered.  "But you do seem very distracted.  I shall have to take care of that, so that you are able to concentrate."  He released me completely, and for one moment I was horribly disappointed.  But his hand closed around my shaft instead, pumping it firmly as his long left arm wrapped around my hips and held me close back against him.
I could not help but cry out something, and received a sharp flick on the shoulder in warning.  I bit my tongue as he sucked and mouthed vigorously along my length, the complete opposite of the restrained gentleman I usually faced across a dining table.  He used tongue and teeth and lips, until I was twisting in almost an agony of pleasure, prohibited from expressing or returning it.  I could not even have said if I wished it to continue or to end.
I didn't much care for being called naive.  "That's not much of a compliment to a man my age, Holmes."
"No, Holmes, I don't think that's necessary.  I trust your word as a gentleman as to what they say."  His word as a gentleman, and the fact that I had tried to send a morning telegram to an associate in New York the week before, only to be told there would be several hours' delay due to the time difference.
“You know,” I continued, “There are magazines that would buy this, and pay quite well too.  And since I’m making it all up, I don’t even have to bother about whether it was a Tuesday or a Thursday, or if we caught to 7:09 train or the 9:07, so it’s actually easier than writing accounts of your real cases.”
There is a difference between hearing something and believing it.  I had heard Holmes say that a gentle touch did nothing for him, but only when my fingers brushed within an inch of his member without evoking even a twitch did I truly believe it.  Well, I had promised him I would try and deliver something he could respond to.  Besides, none of my previous partners had ever left disappointed, and I was not going to spoil my record now.
Then, in an abrupt transition, I was outside.  Watson was slapping my face, not in anger but in concern, and I could hear him calling my name as if from a long distance away.  I tried to reach for him with one of my tentacles, only to discover that I was in my human shape once more.  I also had regained my normal character, and I tried to beg his forgiveness, while avoiding naming aloud what I had done.  I settled for castigating myself for placing him in danger with my deliberate exposure of us to the drug, which was even more horribly potent that I had expected.
I rolled him limply off the ottoman and onto the floor, and settled down behind him, as I loved to, with my front snuggled against his back.  Gently now, I untied the cravat, and removed the leash, but left the collar alone.  Only he ever put it on, and only he ever took it off.  But the other items I stowed carefully away in my jacket pocket, reminding myself to find them a proper home when I got to my room.
I would have been hard put to describe my mood as I came home late one evening, some time later.  I should have been most comfortable and content, with a good dinner under my belt, more than my usual share of brandy and port keeping it company, and the half-hour spent afterwards at a whorehouse a level above my usual ventures.
I pushed him through the door as it opened, and maintained just enough presence of mind to close it again behind us.  Holmes was already working on his belt and trouser fastenings.  "Ahh, Watson!  No hands, no fooling about, just
It is difficult, sometimes, to put decisions made on the basis of emotion into words.  Our relationship was clearly heading in a direction most men would find inconceivable, yet I continued.  I have never considered myself as a passive type, and if the subject had been raised in some idle men's-club discussion, I would have laughed at the idea of playing the role of a submissive partner.
private, if you follow my meaning.  Unless you would rather we return to the main house and be assigned a pair of bedrooms with a mile of hallway in between?"
He sat for so long after the meal, obsessively pushing an icecube back and forth across the table, that I called for the paper.  Despite his obvious preoccupation, I found a story so wild and farfetched that I burst out in indignation.  "The rubbish they print these days!  Would you credit it?  Now they expect us to believe that yesterday there were jellyfish dropping out of the heavens across London, like some Biblical plague of frogs!  I cannot decide if they are stupid enough to believe it, or think we are stupid enough to believe their invention.  Either way it is ridiculous!"
Even as I watched, his shoulders dropped a trifle, and he turned halfway around towards me, paused, and then resolutely met my eyes.  Only now did I realise he had been afraid.
I could not help but breathe in time with his motion; I was on fire, and suddenly the fingers were no longer enough.  I wanted him entirely inside me, and now.  "Please.  Please, Holmes, please, more.  Take me."  I was begging, and we both knew it.
"Well, that was an extremely pleasant kiss, Holmes."  I said aloud to the empty air.  "Now I have to wonder what your preferences actually are."  That made me laugh as I headed back to the path for Baskerville Hall.  The sensual preferences of a man so intensely protective of his privacy as Holmes would be a deeply concealed secret indeed.
"Do you not see it?  For it is you that is has cost me, your ease in my presence.  I have seen heads of state, millionaires, nobility and murderers blanch at my glare, but never you.  I think you are the only man of all my acquaintance who has never feared me.  Anger, disapproval, confusion, I have seen on your face, but never fear.  And now you tense at my approach and refuse to meet my eyes."
I knew he would not continue without my permission, whether expressed or implied.  I knew equally well that if I refused him, he would never approach me again.  There was no third place to stand.  I took one step into the centre of the room, and I swear my hand opened of its own accord to let the towel fall.
Holmes passed me the 'VET' to 'ZYM' volume of the encyclopaedia.  "If you look under 'waterspouts' you may find some useful information."
"You said, in private, but what about the rest of the time?  How could you maintain any public respect for a man who kneels naked at your feet in order to arouse you?"
"Yes.  And it may be not the law's opinion, or the majority of society's opinion, but I'm not talking to them.  I am talking to you."
"Perhaps.  But I did not meant it as an insult either.  Who said you have to be one or the other, or that it is always all or nothing?  Perhaps the gender of your partner matters less than you think."  He gestured to a spot on the carpet, directly in front of the fire.  "I would like to try a small experiment, with your permission of course."
It was amazing, the two moods the moor could show.  Under the rain clouds or in the dark of night, no place on earth could have been more forbidding and I think I would have signed over my pension not to spend a night out there alone.  But the sun brought out a flourish of life; every green imaginable, while from close to the ground came the small noises of unseen animals seeking food, sought in turn by the hawks soaring overhead.  The strong sunlight felt good, and could well be the last decent warmth we had before the winter.
"That's right, take him.  You have wanted him for a long time, have you not?"  The voice was lurid in my ears, its implications plain.  I hesitated, suddenly wondering if Watson would misunderstand my eagerness for his touch.  I have hidden my desire for him under a mantle of complete propriety, as any gentleman would in the same situation, be the object of his affections male or female.
"Please, Holmes, please.  Take it off, and let me see you."  I begged again, and he relented.  Two hands brushed my temples, and the black cloth fell away.
His body was hot and tight around me, and my tentacles had all the sensitivity that my human member had, so I felt it as the most arousing experience possible.  I realised that I could do things in this shape that would be impossible for a man, and suspended Watson entirely in my hold, wrapping him in my multiple arms with complete security as I thrust myself inside of him.
Very well.  I decided that I had licence to move my hands, and slid them up his skin to cup his buttocks, flatter and more muscular than any woman's.  I placed a kiss on the hollow inside the bony jut of his hip.  His hand smoothed my hair again, and I understood I was doing as he wished.
Holmes pressed me back slightly, so I stood with his hands holding my shoulders back against his chest.  He leant down and whispered into my ear.  "Oh, yes.  The view from back here is very fine indeed."
I hesitated.  We had been partners, even if in an irregular sense, and it seemed to me to be improper to leave with the pleasure so one-sided.  "Holmes...  What about you?"
"Ask?" he echoed.  "Not exactly."  His eyes locked onto mine, and I found myself unable to look away from him.  He moved forwards, closing the distance between us, still intensely scrutinizing my form.  I was equally attracted and frightened by his intensity.  I took one step back, but there was really nowhere to go.
It was a fight between his self-control and his body, but his body had my enthusiastic assistance. His hips slammed into my buttocks, over and over, until with one last great thrust he cried out and I felt his heat spread inside my own warmth.  I fell flat upon the carpet, with him stretched over me like a blanket cut in my own shape.
Holmes tossed my nightshirt and dressing gown past me onto his bed.  As he moved further into view, I saw that he had changed his clothing also.  He now wore a black brocade dressing gown, fitting closely to his slim form and just clearing the floor above his bare feet.  It crossed normally in the front, but in the back was slit to well above the knee, so that I could see flashes of white skin as he moved.
"Kneel down."  He threw my towel down onto the floor, giving me some protection from the floor, and I did as he wished, sinking back onto my heels.
And Watson responded to my touch.  Even while I was trapped in the form of a nightmare his body answered to my handling, and I could see his member stiffen as I ministered to him.  I tried to be slow and gentle, caressing with as much control as I could exert, and most slowly entering him.  This body had some ability to produce slime from glands on the tips of the tentacles, and I used this to ease my entry, rocking forwards and back, each stroke taking me deeper.
I did as he said, taking my time to draw my hands back up the inside of my bare thighs.  I touched myself through the remaining thin layer of fabric.  This was not the way I usually pleased myself, but it was pleasant to take time over it for once.
I only grunted in response.  I did not look at him, and when he rose from his chair and threw his book at the wall with a curse, I literally jumped in shock.  Holmes stalked into his bedroom, returning only a minute later, carrying a familiar piece of foolscap in his hand.  This he shredded and flung into the fire.
But I have not taken either cocaine or morphine since our return.  Every time the desire forms, something stays my hand.  I tell myself it is Watson's often-voiced concern for my health, and nothing more.
I did as he asked.  After all, it is only what I normally would have done on coming home, if this episode had not disturbed my normal routine.  But his next request was not normal at all.
I was silent for a moment, struggling with mixed emotions of fear and elation.  I wanted Holmes, but I had never tried to please a partner with tastes so different to mine.  Now that the time had seemingly arrived, I was afraid that I would not be able to provide him with satisfaction.  But I had made the offer, and could hardly retract it now.  "I suppose you could just say to your friend, 'yes, I accept' and hope he takes over from there, since it was his proposal originally."
Holmes pulled back, and looked at me with concern on his face.  "What is it?" he whispered, holding my chin so that I could not look away.
I was silent for a moment, thinking of the pleasure I had experienced when I had done exactly that, followed his orders and let him direct me as he would.  I had always known that my intelligence, imagination and perception fell far short of Holmes's, but I had never applied the idea to a sexual situation.  The other officers in India had sometimes spoken of certain courtesans who were famous for being able to do some curious trick or other, but surely none of them could outstrip Holmes for ingeniousness.
"Mmmmm.  Remind me, Watson, not to use cabs too much on my cases.  It would be a shame if you got lazy and let this handsome set of buttocks get all flabby."  Then in one smooth motion he stepped back a pace and smacked me sharply across the right cheek.
His eyes flew open, and I swear that he looked disappointed.  Not offended or shocked, and not pleased or relieved either, of all the emotions I might have expected.  But expected reaction or not, it was not acceptance and I automatically retreated, hurt and embarrassed.  "Please accept my apologies, Holmes.  I am afraid that I have misunderstood the situation."
It was almost too funny, watching his face while his words ran down and stopped.  "You want me to... to go out... wearing..."
Now I had shocked him.  He lunged forward and grasped my sleeve, and even in the ruddy light of the sunset I could see his face go white.  "No!"  he whispered hoarsely, and coughed to clear his throat.  "No, it's not true; you can't mean that...  Say you don't mean it!"
"Well good luck with that, seeing how I don't know the man and he isn't likely to come looking for me. We may have a long wait." John felt more at ease then he had in months. Standing in front of Moriarty's right hand, smoking a cigarette, waiting to die.
Not that there was a time Sherlock had deserved John. Sherlock always wanted what he couldn’t have since the first day he met John at St. Barts. John never expressed any emotions that said he felt the same, so Sherlock had kept his love quiet. He hadn’t wanted to lose John because he couldn’t restrain himself.
The base where Mycroft was almost certain they were keeping the agent was only a half an hour drive from the house.
“Sherlock? Bloody hell, I have the wrong house don’t I?” John grew quieter. “Fuck, I should have stayed at the pub. I should have just-- what am I doing here?”
"He kept calling me Will, boss. You were right." Vlado moved away from John to stand next to Moran. He waved John's own gun at him. He must have grabbed it when John was removing his arm from helping him.
"Of course, John. I can promise that I will reach for you if the call becomes too great. Can I also ask the same of you?" Sherlock added.
"Very well then."  I held up my hand, so he could see the end of his leash in my grip.  I indicated the stairs.  "Up."
"Congratulations, Watson."  Holmes said, unexpectedly.  "Do not think I am unaware of how difficult that was for you."
"Not so, Watson, they are your concern when I force them on you, as I did.  It is I who must apologise to you.  If I had controlled myself better tonight, the matter would not have arisen."  He sighed, like a man who had been totally defeated.  "And you are correct; I was not being honest..."
His voice had a strange harshness when he finally spoke.  "Get up onto all fours.  It is past time that I took you properly."  I shuddered again, with lust this time, and no fear at all.
Holmes waited until the door was securely closed and Watson had clattered off down the stairs.  Once certain of his privacy, Holmes carefully smoothed out the sheet of paper, and whispered to himself.
At my ankles his hands slid around to the front, and started their journey back up.  I was breathing faster in anticipation as he came up my thighs, still at the same slow pace, and then his fingers were brushing my sac and tangling in my coarse hair.  My stiffening member he ignored completely, stroking my abdomen and spreading his fingers wide once more as he reached my chest, so that he could pass each finger separately over my nipples in a series of caresses.
My mind raced to find the perfect response, to show him how deeply his words had struck home.  Then something about my position called up a memory of the East, where there are no chairs and even senior ministers to a king kneel or sit upon cushions.  I placed the palms of both hands on the floor in front of me, and bowed in the Indian fashion, forehead lowering to touch between my hands and hips rising to allow for the strain in my back.
It was the most ordinary situation that reopened the subject between us.  We had returned home later than usual, to find Mrs. Hudson gone to bed after providing us with a cold supper and a fire laid ready in the grate.
I confess, it took a moment for my brain to catch up, but alone and relaxed with Holmes clearly intent on my person, I think I would have done anything he asked even without the wager.  "What am I to do?"
I turned from the window, and found Holmes standing with his hands clasped behind his back, facing away from me.  "Certainly.  What is it that I can do?"
He compiled without a word, and I took the pillow in one hand and smacked his buttocks with the other.  "Up."  I slipped the pillow under his hips and ran my hands over the welts, and he shuddered.  At least now I was having no trouble maintaining my own erection, with the sight of his nude body presented up to me for the taking.  He must have known what I was going to do next, and still he stayed.
Unfortunately an isolated body of water in a tub does not stay warm forever.  Eventually I had to heave myself out and begin drying myself off, but even out of the bath I still felt much improved.  Now the most serious problem I had to face was deciding if I should simply go to bed, or put on a modicum of clothing and return to the sitting room for some reading.
And all the time I was aware of the wetness inside my trousers, and could only hope that Holmes would fail to notice in his disoriented condition.
I remember little of the decor of the bedroom.  I remember perfectly the sound of Holmes's voice in my ear, so loaded with promise that even now the memory of it can make me harden.  "How do you want it?"
I miss you. Do you miss me? Do you even care that I am gone? Do you even notice? Or is your happiness too bright to see that I am no longer there?
Between the two of us, I would not be known as the romantic. I am unfamiliar with the social constructs that one would seem to need to be part of such a relationship. I have never felt this way about anyone but you; I can tell you that much is true.
Thank you so much to everyone reading along, I know it's not always easy with me due to my angst and love for cliffhangers, but I want to say thank you for that and for your comments. They make my day. <3 Enjoy this next chapter. <3
Vlado moved towards him, the gun aimed at John's heart. "Let's go, doc." Vlado waved the gun towards the door he and John had just left.
John moved quickly to the man's side, kneeling down he lifted the man's face only to find the features didn't fit. The cheekbones and nose were all wrong, but from a distance that man could have been Sherlock.
Only one chapter left after this! Thank you for all who have been reading along and commenting. I am so happy that you have enjoyed the story. <3 Thank you again to my wonderful beta Lyri for your help with this story. <3
There was no way to stop the hurt that his heart felt in this moment. He slowly lifted the syringe, turning it in his hand. It caught the light from the lamp on his nightstand. He should have relocated from the floor to the bed but he was too tired to truly move. Again he could hear John shifting about above him.
John dropped his head into his hands and a muffled whisper came from the back of them. “No, Sherlock. We were much closer than that. At least I thought we were. You were and are my best friend.”
Again, the man stirred, this time he turned over to face John. John took in the sight. The man was dressed in a posh black suit, with pale skin, sharp cheekbones and
"I think about how it would be you who found me and what that would mean to you. Maybe you would care, maybe it would be better if I wasn't here, in the way all the time."
He hung his head before untying and sliding everything under the bed. “Yes, John?” He stood to open the door.
I am somewhere in South America tonight, trying to solve the mystery of the barman. He lives alone with two dogs and somehow became stuck in this job he hates. I am trying to figure out why without asking him. Maybe this is what I will do. Find a pub and start slinging drinks at night. Maybe someone will come along and try to solve my mystery.
. Leave it to Mycroft to be completely unhelpful right now. John found the compound easy enough but as he watched from afar, he realised entering would be another matter.
John hadn’t been with him the day he was hit and already felt guilty about that. Sherlock was able to hide his headaches since John wasn’t around much.
With the impending day just weeks away, I find myself needing to both be as far from you as possible and also never to leave your side.
There was a boy in school that I once fancied myself enamored with, but now that I look back I'm not sure that I would describe what I felt as love.
“Sherlock! This IS your house!” John grinned at him, struggling to stand as Watson began licking his face.
“Now, shall we try that again?” he asked, taking a sip of tea, carefully. He wished it was something stronger but he had to be careful.
On this quiet night in the darkened rooms of 221B, one thinks about slowly sliding the needle into his vein, looking for the soothing rush of a quiet mind. The other sits on the edge of his bed just above the first with his firearm in hand. The smooth, cold metal is a comfort to the darkness in his mind.
“Yes and you’re drunk,” Sherlock said tightly, his hand gripping the wood to the point his knuckles turned white.
There is another man with him that steps out behind me, covering my nose and mouth quickly. I fight against them but the chloroform is faster. I feel the world darken and my knees give out under me.
But just because Sherlock could no longer do what he loved, didn’t mean John couldn’t. Sherlock’s life going forward would be too dull and boring for John. No danger or need for John to carry a gun. That was not the life John signed up for. John would be happier living in London.
John laughed. "That's a joke. Mycroft cares nothing for me. To Holmes I am expendable." He dropped the cigarette butt to the ground putting it out with his boot. "So let's get on with the dying part, shall we?"
John held up a hand. "Sherlock, it's okay. I shouldn’t have laid that all out. It's not yours to bear, it's mine."
“We are going to fix this, don’t you worry.” She is warm and bright, much like sitting in a south facing window with the sun shining through. I hold her tightly. I want to believe her, she has never lied to me. But I see no way of fixing this. Jo is so mad that I am still alive. Maybe I shouldn’t be.
herlock shook his head, pressing trembling hands to his temples, as he accompanied the landlord up the stairs to the flat.
Sherlock stayed there for a moment pressed against the smooth surface. He wanted to open it back up and ask if John would just lay with him. Just so he didn’t have to be alone anymore... A scratching at the wood reminded him that Watson wanted in. Sherlock moved, opening the door so that Watson could join him. He was disappointed to see that John had already walked away. At least, someone would be with him tonight, just not the one he had been wishing for.
. Not what he had planned. Now he would have to wait to see what Moran had in mind or for Mycroft to notice he was gone or for some way to escape. John let out a sigh. He could really use a cigarette right now.
One day later, Sherlock stood in the sitting room looking around 221B one last time. Mycroft had sent him several choice cottages far from the city and Sherlock had chosen one. Today was his moving day. Sherlock had shown Mycroft’s minions what to pack and sent it ahead. One of Mycroft’s cars was now downstairs waiting to drive him to Sussex.
Sherlock reluctantly stepped back, opening the door wider so that John could enter. “Do come in before you fall.”
I want to thank my amazing beta Lyri for all her help with this story and cheer-leading through the tears of my angst.
Sherlock knew John could see the track marks on his arm. Old and new alike. He pulled his arm back, rolling his sleeve down. “Did you need something?” he asked pointedly.
“We should be able to with her doctor evaluation at her return. But Scarlett, this would most likely be publicly discussed. They may find out about all the other injuries you have sustained. Is that something you are prepared for?” Marjorie pulled other papers from her desk drawer. “Since you were undercover for MI5, most will be classified but not all.”
An hour later, John looked up at the clock on the wall, he was late. He had promised Mike, he would be there, that he won't miss his birthday.  But here he was leaving the clinic much later than he had planned. He had almost been out the door after the last patient was done, when Sarah had asked him to look at one more.
“I feel that I should inform you that I will not be returning to London to live. There will still be no more cases or chases,” Sherlock added quickly.
John made his way there under the cover of darkness. He had no idea what Will looked like. Mycroft had not been helpful, just saying,
They were hardly the words of a man whose long-awaited lover had just declared himself.  There was still something wrong, something that I knew I was missing.  "Why have you been waiting?  I cannot believe, with your ability to discern so much about a person from the slightest contact, that you cannot have determined my preferences after years of sharing quarters.   Why stand back and just wait for me?"
The challenge both shocked and aroused me.  I would like to claim that with the animal shape had come an animal nature, but I knew I had wanted Watson for a long time while in my human form.  I touched his genitals, revelling in their warmth and texture, and with a certain shameful delight realised that I had more tentacles that I could bring into play, and used another to stroke down the cleft of his buttocks and seek intently for his opening.
I rolled my weight from him, and lay on my side.  I pulled on his shoulder as I went, so that he rolled into a matching position, his back against my front.  I kissed the back of his neck lingeringly, as I had so wanted to do before, and wondered what was the right thing to do next.
He struck me, once, twice, three times.  He was not holding back; the blows stung, and then burned, as he continued.  The pain had me panting, my own breath bringing the maddening scent even more strongly to my senses.  My hands rose to grasp his hips, but his voice snapped "No!" and I held them back with an enormous effort.
The oil softened the leather where it rubbed against my skin, Holmes wielding the crop so dextrously that it might as well have been his fingers.  The only word that I can use is that he played with me, stroking here and there so that I never knew exactly where the next touch would fall.  But all of them caressed me in that most private and sensitive part of the body, and twice he brushed across my back opening, making me shiver with a tangle of desire and apprehension.
I looked, but gained very little.  A waterspout was like a tornado formed over water, a violent swirling storm that stretched down from the clouds to the surface of the water.  "Most frequent in, but not confined to, the tropics." it concluded.
"Watson.  If I could have your indulgence for a short moment."  Holmes indeed.  I sent up a fervent prayer that he was not about to tell me we had ten minutes to catch a train to some God-forsaken place.  Wrapping the towel around my waist, I opened the door for him.  I noted with some relief that he was not carrying either his gloves or a hat, although he was still in his day clothes, not yet having succumbed to dressing-gown and slippers.
"You need not concern yourself with observation.  Unless with your flair for the dramatic and your tendency to perform your best work in front of an admiring audience, you request it.  After all, even voyeurs can provide a service as long as the world contains exhibitionists."
It must have been the shortest act of intercourse I have ever committed.  I like to think that I made it six strokes, but I suspect it was only five.  It may have been four.
I had no objections, although why he wanted to have sex on a table with a perfectly good bedroom next door was beyond me.  With the blanket beneath, I was comfortable enough.  Then he brought over a long strip of heavy black cloth, and blindfolded me.  He placed it so that my nose was uncovered, but he blocked the hollows beneath my eyes so I could see nothing, even when I tried to peer out from under the edge. "Is that comfortable?"
Now I truly had his attention, and I could almost see him wondering if he dare trust me and take the chance I was offering.  "So what were you going to say?"
I was breathing in gasps through my open mouth.  My head fell back, and I moaned when Holmes brushed my ear with his lips.  "Take them off.  Let me see everything."
"I want you to remove the clothes you are already wearing, and fetch your collar.  Then I have one more 'suggestion' ", and I idly waved the second bag, "before we cover you up, all correct and proper."   He was still staring blankly at me, and I decided one more push was in order.  "Come on, man, move!  If you just stand there we'll miss the overture."
"Hmm.  A wager, as to the actual presence of jellyfish, and not by some mundane contrivance such as a marketer's cart overturning, with the forfeit nominated by the winner.  Yes."
His foot was still holding me down.  He was not pinning me with enough weight to hurt, but with his superior leverage it would be difficult for me to get up, until he chose to let me.  He continued simply staring at me, and I found myself very conscious of the fact that I was in his bedroom, in a most ungentlemanly position.  I thought of the words he had written, and felt myself blushing again.
I crossed to him then.  With both hands I untied the cravat from his neck, pulling it away from the collar it had been hiding.  Even in the dim light of the hall it threw sparks of light.  I undid the top two shirt buttons to expose more of him, running my fingers along the lines of the collar, tipping his chin back so I could use my tongue on the hollow at the base of his throat.  Meanwhile, my left hand crept around to the back of his neck, and I slowly pulled the leash out of its concealment.
"No apologies, please.  Any points you lost for time you more than made up for in intensity.  Ah Watson, my dearest Watson...  remind me to lose to you more often."
It was with some reluctance that I rose to formally see the Ambassador to his carriage.  The night outside was pleasant enough; I was simply too comfortable to welcome having to move.  But I did my polite duty, and stood with the others under the portico as our distinguished guest drove away.
For a moment I thought Holmes was not going to answer me.  He has never been very open about his emotions, but if he had wished to remain remote he would not be sharing the small expanse of the hearthrug with me.
"Not at all.  In addition to the main house, brother Mycroft keeps two small guesthouses here.  They are unstaffed, and
"That time you found me in your room, and pinned me on the floor - that aroused you."  It was not a question, but he nodded anyway.  "And just now, when I was kneeling in front of you?"  And he nodded again.  "So you want an inferior."
A simple enough matter, and only a moment to execute.  But then he grasped my right wrist, and turned it over so my hand lay palm up.  I felt his lips press against the inside of my wrist, not so much kissing as using the inside of his lips to mouth at the skin, warm and wet.  I admit that I froze, suspended between shock at the thought that a man was kissing me, and the sheer pleasure of it, so gentle and delicate.  I had always assumed sexual contact between men would be coarse and rough, as much as I had thought about such things at all.
He started off mildly enough, but it did not take long before he was in full flight, defending the academic element of his cases against my emphasis on sensationalism.  “You have degraded what should have been a course of lectures into a series of tales.”
"Oh, Watson." I could hear the lust in his tone, while his hand snaked under the pillow for the tin secreted there.  "I suspect you know me better than I realise."  And he fell to his knees behind me.
I lifted one hand and brushed his cheek, just as I had the only previous time I had touched him with desire.  "Holmes."  I wanted to say something perfect, but I did not know what the perfect words would be. "I will do my best for you."
I forced myself to stand up and speak to him face to face.  "You-," I had to stop and clear my throat, and begin again.  "You spoke of certain understandings."
I faltered, and looked down, but he gripped me more tightly and tilted my face upwards, insisting that I answer him.  "I - ," and then I blurted out, "I am enjoying it."  My face was scorching hot with embarrassment.
That was when I had the dream.  I was back in the comfortable surroundings of Baker Street, lying on the couch, completely naked.  I noticed this in that odd way that dreams have, where the strangest things are accepted without any acknowledgement of their strangeness.  Holmes stood by the fire, leaning on the mantelpiece with one elbow, dressed as I had last seen him.  When he caught my eye he smiled and came over to me.  He placed both hands on my shoulders and kissed me, running his hands down my arms, and I reached out to grasp his waist and pull him down on top of me.
I knew now where he was going, into that dark and private counterpart to our public lives.  Holmes stood directly in front of me and the door stood behind; he was allowing me a choice of action, a silent acknowledgement that my participation was voluntary.  With the door at my back, if I wished to I could open it and leave.
"At this stage, there is only one sin that you can commit, and that is disobedience.  And there are only two punishments.  If the crop does not correct your fault, then I will send you out."  Holmes indicated my nightclothes, lying across his bed.  "I am not competing with you for dominance.  You will freely give me your submission, or," and he paused to make sure he had my total attention, "I will find someone else who will."
Even as I adjusted Holmes demanded more, slipping a second finger into me alongside the one already present.  I gasped and closed my eyes, and Holmes laughed softly.  "I truly am your first.  I had wondered."  He pressed a little harder, and I made a sound halfway between a moan and a whimper.
Holmes waited, silent and mostly hidden in the shadows beyond the fireplace.  For once I was glad he had the gift of knowing when someone was not quite finished with what they had to say.  I collected myself and forced out the rest of the truth.
I knew we had to get up.  I knew we had to go, each to our own separate bedrooms.  I knew if we stayed still much longer, curled together for warmth, falling asleep was a real danger, with real penalties.  But I couldn't face it just yet.  One more minute first, one minute to last us until the next time.
I felt his lips against mine, and when I responded he carefully let a trickle of the liqueur run into my mouth.  "Saves on glasses" he whispered, then his lips trailed down my throat and chest, stopping to lave my nipples, those parts that men seem to have for no reason, unless it be this one.  "Careful!" he warned as I moved against him, and I stilled myself.  It was agony to remain completely passive as he worked, and all the time the wetness tickled and dripped, warm now from the heat of my own body.
So his appearance from the stairs caused me no surprise, but his physical condition did.  His face was pallid, almost grey, and his eyes were bloodshot.  He even stumbled against the doorframe in passing, a startling error for one normally so controlled.  He has often gone a night without rest, but this must have been the result of two nights... or three.
The meal was superb, as it should be when one entertains at such a height, and my only disappointment was when we ended with a selection of cheeses, following the French style, instead of a dessert.  Not that I dislike cheese, but I must confess to a particular weakness for sweets.
"You want me to touch myself, and not you?"  I was not unwilling to do as he said; it just seemed an odd thing to ask.
I waited at the foot of the stairs as Holmes relocked the front door behind us.  "After you."  I said, politely, hoping his natural suspicion would give me the chance to play another move I had in mind.
It may sound strange, but our next moment of privacy was on the evening train back to London.   We had a compartment to ourselves, and I was not afraid of eavesdroppers, not over the background noise, rattles and clatters and the hiss of the gaslights.  We were of course in full view through the glass to anyone who walked along the corridor, but I thought that was just as well.  Holmes might be more willing to listen if he knew I would not step over the bounds of propriety.
"There.  Now you can get dressed again. Do ask me if I can be of assistance.'  I ached to touch him again, or to place just one kiss on the nape of his neck, but knew if I did I would be lost.  Instead I settled myself in the chair, politely waiting for him to finish so we could go out.  He implicitly conceded the round to me, and ignored me as much as possible while dressing.
"You're in a bold mood," he whispered, breaking our kiss.  "It's just as well I like that in you.  Now the other hand."
I do not know how long a time it was, but he continued until only one piece remained.  This last his teeth picked up, and I waited in anticipation for his mouth to come to mine, but instead he climbed entirely onto the table.  He knelt with one bare leg on either side of my torso, holding his weight away from me.  I neither knew nor cared when he had removed his clothes.
I did as he said, since I was committed to playing out my role now, although I felt ridiculous in that position.  This changed when Holmes, instead of delivering the smack I expected, caressed me with both hands, stroking, then squeezing firmly to feel the muscles.
Holmes hesitated before speaking.  He had just opened his mouth when the most appalling conviction filled my mind, and all restraint was swept away in a wave of pain and anger:  "Unless it's your damned vanity!  You can't show any interest in me, oh no, not you, the man who is above all such mundane matters, but you can kindly accept my advances if I throw myself at you in an uncontrollable fit of passion, so the resulting weakness is all mine!"
"Holmes?  You wanted to ask me something?"  I prompted, when it seemed that he was not going to speak.
I am not sure how many tentacles there were in Holmes's final form.  Certainly at least half a dozen, for one held each of my arms and legs, while another supported my back and there were more that I could see moving.  Then the horror of my situation intensified, as one more began the most gentle exploration between my legs.
It took a moment for me to find my answer; a misstep at this early stage would shatter the illusion we were building.  I should not meet his ire with irritation as if I was his equal; my role here was placatory.  Contrition was wanted.  "I am sorry, Holmes.  I did not mean to embarrass you with my poor behaviour."
I was still panting and gasping, but no longer making any attempt to get away.  Holmes held me, twined securely in his grip, while he stimulated me to the most intense pleasure, inside and out.  Unable to resist his touch any longer, I shuddered as I climaxed, arching my body and throwing my head back.
Holmes considered his words for some time.   "It wasn't the same as I was expecting. It was, less intense?"  All my contentment evaporated, for it seemed that I had failed in the one thing that mattered most, showing Holmes that pleasure could be found without leaving him bleeding.
In the morning it was clear that no such illumination had occurred.  I managed to talk him into a small amount of breakfast, and then he decided to return to the embassy.  On the way he opened up a little, sharing some of his frustration.
Then I remembered that he was seeking direction from me, not flowery emotion.  "Go to your room, remove everything you are wearing, then put on your dressing gown and come join me in my room.  And don't take too long."
I never would have found the rock formation at all if I had not needed to remove a stone from my shoe.  The path had dipped into a small gully containing a trickle of water, but to my right it seemed drier, so I turned that way.  It angled abruptly after only a dozen yards, narrowed, then ended in a pile of fallen blocks too heavy to wash away.  There was the absolutely perfect place to sit; the stone walls formed a square niche, a little wider than my shoulders, and a conveniently placed boulder made a seat.  The sun had dried and warmed the rock after the rain, and there was no trace of dirt.  I sat down to remove the pebble, but once sitting I felt disinclined to move.  I leaned against the rock and must have drifted into a doze within minutes.
I had no idea that Holmes had even moved until I felt a warm wetness close over the very tip of my erection.  I opened my eyes in pure reflex, and found I was looking down at the back of his head as he knelt in front of me.  My hips lifted of their own accord towards the sensation, but his hands pressed down on my thighs and held me still.
"Watson, a harmless woman lies dead, violently but with no possible motive.    Her jewellery was intact, her character was completely above reproach, she had no debts and as far as I can tell no vices.  A political kidnapping I can see, to put pressure on her son, but her death achieves nothing for anyone.  Furthermore, there is no trace of any other person in the garden. The lawn around her was undisturbed, so she died where she lay, without struggling.  Not a single footprint near her, despite the dampness of the ground.  No one saw any intruder, either outside the walls or in the house, and the doorman reports no visitors.  Yet the fact is she is dead, from a single terrible blow hard enough to break her skull.  How could such a blow be delivered, without leaving deep impressions of feet?"
I could not lie to him; he would already have read my answer in my very body.  "Do you have to ask?"
The oddest thing was that at first I had no idea I had fallen under the drug's effects, let alone so rapidly.  I was sitting there in my chair, perfectly aware of my surroundings, when a voice spoke.  I knew it was not Watson, for this voice was deeper than his, and indeed it seemed he could not hear it at all, since Watson made no reaction to what at first I thought was the intrusion of a third party.
He must have been watching me most closely.  As my completion passed and I went limp and relaxed in the glow that follows he leant in, left arm still solid around my hips, and pushed his thick hardness into my body.
"Well, you have started out very encouragingly.  Now you have paused, so you suspect I will not like what is coming next.  That usually means the next sentence begins with 'but' and demolishes all that has gone before.  As in 'But you are a perverted criminal deviant.' "
Then I felt something at my mouth, and realised it was a piece of fruit, held in his teeth.  I opened my lips and accepted it, and tasted the sweetness of a slice of orange as Holmes chose a couple of pieces for himself, using lips alone on his creation.  Something rolled off my side, and a moment later he passed me a single grape.  His lips tasted of cream and the orange spirit, but when I tried to stretch out to him he pulled away, refusing to be drawn.
Holmes opened the sitting room door and swept me a theatrical bow from the threshold.  I laughed, cheered as always by one of his rare sparks of mischief.  Lestrade followed, his normal dour countenance replaced by a very non-regulation grin.
"Who are you?"  I asked reflexively.  I could not work out how another person had entered the room without us noticing.
I spent time over the answer to this weighty issue, since the steam from my bath had been sufficient to make the small room pleasantly warm.  I stretched and twisted a few times, gave my limbs a bit of a shake, and then there came a rap on the door.  Holmes, I assumed, since it was unlikely that Mrs. Hudson would disturb me here.  "Mrmmrm?"
I turned Holmes and pushed him down over the ottoman, took one shot at lining myself up and thrust as deep as I could.  He shuddered and screamed, audible despite the gag.  My breath was coming in great uneven gasps as I tried to speak.
"Steady, John, steady.  Keep your rhythm even..." he murmured, closing his lips again over the swollen head.  He began teasing at the slit, just barely touching it with tiny flicks from the tip of his tongue, and I groaned aloud and twisted in my place.
We sat in silence for a while, as the last twilight died.  I think we were both afraid to speak or move, lest we re-ignite this tinderbox of emotion we had built for ourselves.  But neither could we sit on the ground in the dark forever.
It had been a very long time for him, but I was convinced by now that he did not, in truth, want to be treated too gently.  I decided to compromise with plenty of oil, but not use my fingers first as I would normally have done.  It should be possible, with care, to stretch him enough to sting without doing any true damage.
It was as if a bucket of icy water had been poured over my head.  I had never considered such an outcome.  I could not bear to lose him now, not when I had touched and tasted him, not when I had heard him moan with the pleasure that I had given him.
My completion when it came was unremarkable except for his presence.  I know that he noted every detail of it, and felt his hand caress my cheek and heard his voice: "Good, Watson, very good."  I had pleased him despite the lack of physical evidence of it on his person, and I had that reward, given to so few, of his complete and undisguised attention.  I did not feel degraded by kneeling at his feet, but more as if we were two halves of a whole, both getting more from our joining than we could alone, despite the disparity in roles.
With a last low, guttural noise he climaxed, hips slamming against me and a sudden stinging heat inside my body.  His hands fell onto my shoulders to support his weight, as he slowly recovered himself.  After a long silence he pulled back from me and rose, wrapping his dressing gown fastidiously around his form, then fetched my nightshirt and offered me a hand in rising from the floor.
The skin on my stomach, sensitive enough already without its recent scraping, quivered as Holmes began placing cool, damp objects seemingly at random.  The fruit was wet with its own juices, and as he continued I could feel small trickles starting down my sides and pooling in my navel.
"There, see?  Not so bad, was it?"  He had the gall to pat my cheek, as if I was a child sitting still for a haircut.  "Now, I am hardly a cook, so dessert is rather simple.  You will be glad to hear that I excluded all choices with the word "flambé" in them."
It was warm and remarkably soothing.  I could feel the muscles in my arm relaxing, and with the tension went much of my bad temper.  There was also a distinct shiver of arousal along my nerves, especially after my disappointment earlier in the evening.
"Perhaps I will.  This once."  And he bent to resume his kiss, his graceful form stooping over me where I knelt.  The crop dangled from his wrist, the loop end brushing the welts on my buttocks.  I twitched and wiggled slightly in my place, and I sensed Holmes' amusement at my discomfort.
"Easily.  If it was a man I already respected, who of his own free will agreed to it, for the sake of what I would hope would be mutual gratification.  I have no desire to cause pain, or to simply force myself on you and then ignore your needs altogether."  His voice lowered, became softer and more persuasive.  "I will decide what will happen and when, but ideally you will be more than willing to comply with my demands."
I concealed a smile, pleased with this flicker of humour.   "The law also does not allow you to break into private houses, but I have helped you do that.  Why should this law be any more respected?"
That was all true, but it was not all of the truth.  If it was simply a matter of not wanting his attentions I would have told him outright and either trusted his self-control, or moved into other lodgings.
"Watson, I do believe you cheated."  Holmes looked as if he was torn between admiring my gall or simply strangling me.
Holmes must have been watching my expression, since his hands slid over my shoulders and he spoke softly into my ear.  "Yes, I rather thought you would notice that.   If you recall, we made a wager, and cost to you was ten minutes of your time."  He leaned forwards a little, pressing his entire body along the length of mine.  "That time starts now."
Holmes relieved me of that decision, however, for when I broke from the kiss I realized his own hand was already busy with a definitely solid erection.  I held completely still, almost not even breathing, for fear of ruining things.  He was not at it for very long, and as he came he leant his head back towards me, and I rested my cheek on his.
"No, you are not wrong, and no apology is required.  I have hoped for a long time now that you might someday approach me."
I will not fail to admit my own arousal, much as I would like to.  But the tips' touch, like fingers brushing my skin, combined with the rhythmic heavy thrusting of the one inside my body, and above all the awareness that this was still Holmes, my long-time friend and companion, caused my body to react despite what any sane mind would have found revolting.
I moved to where he asked, although I kept a careful eye on him all the while.  I thought a grimace might have flickered across his face at my caution, but then he was standing with both hands on my shoulders and his face was completely neutral.
I was turning to re-enter the house when Holmes caught my sleeve.  He bid his brother goodnight, and the front door closed behind him, leaving the two of us standing outside.
Startled by his odd behaviour, I looked at him more closely.  His pulse beat fast in his throat, and he was breathing rapidly through parted lips.  Strange for a man essentially doing nothing...  But I know what sexual desire looks like, and I was seeing it now.
"Are you criticizing me?"  he asked, voice cooler but eyes still warm.  "At least you make no complaints of my discretion."
White flesh against black fabric; chiselled lines against drape of cloth.  I stared, desire a throbbing ache in my cock.  "What are you waiting for?" he inquired softly.
Holmes's hands were on my shoulders now, and he slowly pulled my arms behind my back.  "Or bind you?"  He held both of my wrists loosely in the long fingers of his left hand, while his right reached around and gently touched the front of my trousers.  "Of course, the less volition you have, the more I must act for both of us."  His lips brushed the side of my neck.
"What of risking his reputation before the world?  Strong words during an argument do not risk that.  Would he do something for you, that if asked for by another, he would reply that it was impossible?"
And only a few yards away, on the flat ground above the ravine wall, a pair of amused grey eyes widened with shock, then closed in denial, much too late to forget what had just been learned.
I had no answers for him.  We spent two fruitless hours at the embassy, one in the garden and another one pacing the streets outside the walls.  Hot and tired, I insisted on stopping on the way home for a lunch and something cold to drink.  Holmes acquiesced without interest.
"No," he repeated, but more gently this time.  "Not today, but perhaps someday.  There will have to be certain understandings, but now is not the time.  For now, I want you to pleasure yourself, and I want to watch it happen."
And it was not content to simply touch me there.  It pressed its way inwards, smooth and slippery.  I expected it to hurt, but the tapering shape allowed it to press and retreat, gradually working its way deeper while slowly stretching me open.  The other tentacles kept up their stimulation of my member and sac, while the tips of the ones holding my limbs stroked and slid along my skin, more touches than I could process at one time.
"Quiet!" and he swiftly did the same to my other wrist, then both ankles.  I was forced to admit, he finished within the four minutes he had defined.
Only to feel it smack against the ground, on the grassy lawn outside the door.  I was lying outside the cottage, fully clothed, with Holmes sprawled atop me.  He was moaning and jerking horribly, still caught in the drug's fumes.  I rolled him to his back and attempted to rouse him, slapping him and calling his name.  It seemed to take an age before he opened his eyes and knew me.  Even then I could tell he was deeply affected, as he called me by my Christian name and clung to my shoulders for support. Evidently his own visions had been as real to him as mine had been to me.
It must have been correct.  He pressed forward suddenly, gripping my shoulders in both hands, shoving me against the door with the length of his body.  His lips captured mine, his tongue demanding entry.  His sudden change of mood caught me completely off guard, and I yielded without a second thought.  Holmes' body was hard with muscle despite his slenderness, and his strength still surprised me after all this time.  He possessed my mouth, and I shivered at the burn that ran up my spine at his insistent assault.
"I believe you wished to make another compulsory suggestion?  Or have you decided to abandon your plans?"
"I thought it would take more than a couple of strokes to dismay you!  Hold still for the last two, and I will give you what you want.  Now hold!"  The crop landed again, and I trembled at the effort of keeping my position.  Holmes was wrapped solely in his gown, fallen slightly askew with his exertions.  I knew that with the slightest movement my tongue or my lips could touch his bare skin.  Only the desire to obey held me still.
I hesitated for one more second, then pushed my underclothes down around my ankles, kicking them aside and standing up straight again.
I could still see nothing of another person, but a curl of smoke reminded me of our - my - experiment, and I decided I was having an aural hallucination.  Obviously by his agreeing to participate, Watson was much on my mind, and it seemed natural enough that my subconscious would call him to my attention.  Then I heard the voice speak again.  "I asked you about Watson.  Would he risk his life for you?"
I was holding back desperately on the climax I could feel beating at my reserve when Holmes sat back and dabbed at his lips with his napkin.  "Very good, Watson.  As you like, now."  He circled the base of my member with his thumb and forefinger, smiled, and made exactly one firm stroke from base to tip.  My seed burst from me as he reached the top, gouts of it, as my body shuddered in delight and relief.  Holmes shook his head in mock dismay at the mess, and reached under my back to untie my wrists, saying only, "Clean yourself up."
"So, then.  Follow me."  Holmes said, releasing me.  His expression would have seemed impassive to another who knew him less well, but I could see the avidity in his eyes.  Seeing that he felt as much desire for me as I did for him spurred my own arousal.  And his voice...  it was cool and controlled, a voice with not the slightest doubt that it would be obeyed.  Between the authority in his voice and the lust in his eyes I
Standing as we were, with his body already between my arms, I could not reach my wrist without closing my arms together around him, bringing him even closer.  I kept my eyes resolutely closed, but I could smell the scents of soap and hair pomade, and feel the warmth of his body.  He stood quietly, making no motion to take advantage of his position, but still I struggled to concentrate.  It took me several tries to remove the link, a task that normally would have taken no time at all.
Holmes reached down and gripped my shoulder, pulling me forward and off my heels, until my forehead was pressed into the hollow of his thigh.  He bent forwards over my back and prepared to deliver the allotted six lashes.  I should have been apprehensive about the pain, but I was transfixed by the smell of him, warm and musky and so close.  It reached some animal level inside of me, arousing me as powerfully as any physical touch could have done, however intimate.
Holmes must have to able to feel my genuine hurt, since his tone was unusually placating. "My dear fellow, you have been invaluable to me in this as in many other cases, and I beg that you will forgive me if I have seemed to play a trick upon you.  As it is, I remain an unknown factor in the business, ready to throw in all my weight at a critical moment."
"Didn't, and doesn't.  That is the only thing that bothers me about the whole affair.  I did not have his permission to involve another in what has been solely our concern before now."
He gently removed the blanket and looked closely, then called me over to assist him in rolling her over with as much dignity as possible.  Then he sat back on his heels and remained silent for the longest time.
"Normally I would not," he remarked, and already I knew better than to ask him what it was he was talking about, "but that is just too delectable to waste.  Wait here."  He exited into the sitting room.
"I am trying to find a way to tell a friend that I wish to accept his proposal, but I am woefully unpractised at such things, and I would appreciate any...
I would have writhed in its grip, had I been able to.  Its coils around me were like those of a serpent or the roots of an old tree, unimaginably strong and unyielding.  And yet their grip did not hurt in the least, the Holmes-monster seeming content to hold me immobile and not crush me as it obviously could have done.  I exhausted my strength and lay quiescent, panting and sweating but no nearer escape than before.
I was impatient to have it all, but I had learnt my lesson and allowed Holmes to work at his own pace.  Each stroke was one degree faster and deeper, and I no longer felt as if I was being split in half but only an intensely satisfying fullness.
"I knew it!"  he said, voice harsh.  "This is what comes of allowing emotion to dictate action.  I should not have kept that damn note, but I did.  I should not have become angry when you found it - no, not at you, at myself for allowing it to happen!  - so that I acted towards you in that appalling fashion.  And now it is too late to get back what it has cost me."
Instead of seating himself next to me, as I had expected, he moved around behind me and knelt on the floor.  He folded his arms along the back of the settee and rested his chin on them, so that his face was level with mine.
Then he tired, and lay quiet in my hold.  "Watson will not hurt me," I pointed out to the voice, for the first time initiating an exchange.  "Not even in this shape you have forced upon me."
I woke to find that the sun had shifted to fall full into my lap, and one part of me at least was enthusiastic about both the warmth and the dream.  I suppose many people would have found the dream shocking, but my army service had taken me outside the confines of polite society as most Englishmen know it.  Many senior officers viewed a discreet quick tumble between equals as a lesser evil than a scandal with someone's wife or daughter, or catching a disease from the local whores.  And of course much of Indian society has long been tolerant of relationships between men.
"Now.  I am not going to remove you from the settee, nor am I going to remove your clothes, or indeed mine.  So there is nothing for you to be apprehensive about.  All I want is for you to listen to me.  No!  Don't look at me, it distracts from your ability to listen.  Keep your eyes closed."
Doubtless they had scored some success, and would be keen on having an audience.  I turned up the gas and added some more coal to the fire.  I had never been able to work out why I was included in some of Holmes' cases and not others, but I was ever ready to hear the stories of adventures I had missed.
I stifled a gasp as the bump stiffened, and felt the lightest of touches on the other side, his hand demurely remaining outside my shirt.  His very restraint was wearing away any remaining objections, that and my rising arousal.
He was beautiful to me in the lamplight, all planes of muscle and sinew, lean lines, arched back a little in deliberate display.  He touched himself now, drawing his hands languidly over his skin, from his hips up to his shoulders and down again, but when he touched his own swollen member I spoke.  "No, Holmes."
I shuddered all over at his voice.  It was like treacle poured over my will; sweet and yet binding.  "Perhaps you should have used that tone with the Prime Minister.  If you had I am sure he would have refused you nothing."
I considered this; he did have a point.  But I countered, "Any sexual relationship we form would always have to be completely cut off from our daily lives.  And that is your responsibility as much as mine."
"My dear Watson, that was extraordinary."  I noted the change in his address.  "I hope that you are not regretting our arrangement."
He must have prepared himself with something, for he slid over me as easily as a glove, if gloves were deliciously tight and hot and made you groan aloud when you put them on.  He rocked on me, gently, while his fingers were everywhere, touching my jaw and throat, brushing my nipples, stroking the underside of my arms, making me tremble with my vulnerability.  Then he ran his fingers through the sticky mess still on my stomach, and leant forwards to touch my lips.
"You could have asked me why I was so certain about the matter.  Indeed, you probably would have thought of it if you hadn't been so worn out by this case.  Why don't you get some sleep?"
There is little more to say; most of it in is the published account.  It went down in local folklore as one of those stories they like to tell on stormy evenings, of horrible deaths and insanity.  I am only thankful that the drug seems to have had no lasting effect on the two of us.  And now I will read through this account one more time, and then burn it lest it ever be seen by another.
"Little man."  He seemed amused.  "Do you think you can play with drugs that open your mind, and expect that there will be no consequences?  Normally I cannot reach you, but now you have reached out to me.  This is my realm."
"Yes.  Feel yourself through the cloth, and think about how it's going to be even better in a minute when this last barrier is gone.  And one more thing - do not climax until I say you can."
By the first week of December I had decided that Holmes was not going to take me up on my offer.  It had been difficult, especially at first, to live in the same rooms with him and attempt not to put him under any pressure, but I discovered a solid upbringing in manners really does serve one well.   In effect, I tried to behave as if there was always a third person in the room with us.
"Stand up."  I actually disliked being so rude, but I would use whatever worked.  I could see that his member was larger, although it was hard to tell how much arousal he was feeling, since I had never seen him fully erect.  But still I felt encouraged.  "Go over to the bed, and lie down on your face."
I could see the hook was at least half set in him.  He loses so rarely, a wager is almost irresistible to him.  And for my part, I hardly cared if I won or lost, as long as I could prevent him from collapsing out in the street.
Holmes took a deep breath.  I am not sure even now which of us felt more trepidation.  His voice was so quiet that I could hardly hear him.  "He did promise that the barest acceptance would do."   I do not remember moving towards him, but I must have done, since I was now standing close enough to see individual hairs on the back of his neck, and I longed to touch him there, but he had still not yet actually given me permission.  He turned, not in the least surprised to find me so close.  "Yes, Watson.  I want..." He had to stop and make a second effort.  "I want you."
I am loath to write it, but there is yet more to say.  I do not know which thought causes me to shudder more now, in the clear light of day and the solid sanity of Baker Street, but the truth is I began to respond to the creature's stroking caresses even as one last tentacle touched me on the anus.
"Really, Watson!  Your situational awareness is abysmal.  You should never become so engrossed in reading a sheet of paper that you fail to notice someone enter the room."  His eyes held mine in a stare I found it impossible to break, and he was not smiling.  "Especially when it's their room."
Perhaps Holmes saw it; perhaps not.  But he breezed on, "Now, Watson!  You must sit yourself, there, and allow us to give you an exact accounting.  My work seems somehow unfinished without your admiration."
This soon increased to such feelings of terror and peril that I fought to escape it.  I caught a glimpse of Holmes locked in rigid horror across from me, and I lurched forward to seize him in the hope of pulling us both clear.
I turned up the lamp on my nightstand to examine my new possession.  It was a small volume of illustrations, of the most startling nature.  The figures were all male, arranged in twos and threes in a variety of positions from the obvious to the surely impossible.  I turned a few pages, torn between embarrassment and avid curiosity.
He had obviously come in that very moment; he still wore his gloves and carried his familiar riding crop.  He reached out with it now, placing it under my chin and cutting off my explanation.  "And tripped over the carpet, yes, I know.  The subsequent steps are obvious."
I did as he said, and looked up as I finished to find him waiting patiently for me.  When he saw I was done he asked, "How are you feeling?  If you have any comments or complaints, now is the time.  I pressed you perhaps farther than I should have, but you performed admirably."  I was ridiculously warmed by his praise; Holmes never gives it except in utmost seriousness.
Normally I would have hesitated.  To cross that bridge from friendship to physical intimacy without being certain of one's reception can destroy a man's reputation, but with Holmes I knew that even if I were totally mistaken he would never breathe a word of it.  My right hand opened and my fingers brushed gently down his cheek.
It was a difficult line to walk, trying to find actions that I was willing to do that would hurt enough to arouse him, while not killing my own desire.  I found myself trading back and forth, caressing him, for me, and then abruptly pinching in the same spot.  When I pinched his nipples they stiffened in my hands.
His use of my Christian name alone caught my notice, since in the last ten years I have only heard him do so a handful of times.  I stood motionless, hand still on the knob of the door, as he slowly approached me.  His eyes surveyed me intently, and I could not look away as he came improperly close.  He stopped short of touching me, but so near me that any move I made would cause me to touch him.
"Watson.  How would you like to take a wager, that this reported rain of jellyfish is nothing more than the sober truth?"
He didn't hesitate - the distance from the theatre district to our home is not a long one - but slid his delicate fingers through the gap and wrapped them around my bare member.  He shut his eyes then, and squeezed gently.  Intense pleasure surged through me, and I suddenly realised the danger I was in.  Give him another free minute to work and he could ruin everything.  "Careful!"  I whispered.  "I have plans for that, later."
I used both hands to stroke down the length of his back, which may have done nothing for him, but certainly did something for me.  When I reached the red blotches I had left on his skin, I lifted my palms away and let just my nails draw lightly over the inflamed areas, and Holmes hissed through his teeth.  I pulled away, horrified.
I still did not know when he would finally allow me to touch him, or allow himself to possess me, but I had fewer questions now and more confidence that everything would happen in its own time, and be worth the wait.
Holmes seemed to be waiting for some sort of response, so I blurted out the first thing that came into my head.  "So I'm a horse now?"
The nearest comparison I could imagine was eating out in an expensive restaurant, alone.  The meal is exactly the same, but the
"Ah, but earlier you had not agreed to my approaches.  Now that I am sure of you, I can concentrate upon my work until another appropriate time presents itself."
"Well, you two seem very pleased with yourselves," I remarked.  "I hope you are going to tell me all about it."
"Many things, or one thing by many names.  Honour, reputation, self-image, pride...  Would Watson abase himself for you, allow you to take away his sense of self?"
He reached my navel, and I felt his tongue dip into it, lapping up the pooled juices and cream.  I was trembling all over, and he hushed me gently, hands taking long soothing strokes down my sides, until I relaxed a little and could breathe more normally again.
I lay on the tabletop, limp and sweating, and took several minutes to catch my breath.  Holmes slid off of me, and returned with another hot towel, which he used to gently clean my body, starting with my face and working downwards.  When he removed the ropes I made no attempt to get up, until he slapped me sharply on the flank and pointed.  "The bed is that way."
"Oh, have it your way.  Fifteen minutes, but no more."  Holmes half sat, half fell into his chair and attacked the toast and eggs.  "So?  This wager of yours?"
"However, there are deeper roots here.  I did not intend it when we took up these rooms together, and I do not think that you did either, but over the years I have grown accustomed to doing as you say, and being what you wanted me to be.  'Watson, get up and get dressed, we have a train to catch.'  Or, 'Watson, stay here, I'll be back in an hour.'  'Watson, note that down.'  Normally I do not mind, your cases are often rewarding work, and certainly more exciting than keeping a general practice.  So..."  And I could not go on.
Then the most horrible thing occurred.  My hands, stretched out in front of me, began to thicken and lengthen, each finger becoming a writhing tentacle as of some monstrous sea creature.  I was again free to move, but as I took his hands, I saw my Watson flinch away from me.
It is a good thing that the bed was only a few feet away, for we were both unsteady on our legs as we stood. It was comfortable; at least I think it was, for the short time that I was in it before sleep swept over me.
"You have hardly touched him yet.  You cannot expect him to tolerate an attempt by you to have intercourse with him."
We called a cab not long after that.  I took care to summon a closed one, so we could at least have privacy from watching eyes inside, even though we still had to guard our voices.  I pulled down the blinds as fast as I could, so that I could grab Holmes by his lapels and bring his mouth to mine.  We kissed without finesse, hard and forceful, tongues exchanging drops of cognac along with the unique taste of each other.  We must have been halfway home before we broke off to breathe, lips bruised and hunger still unappeased.
Holmes rose from the chair and slowly circled me.  He stroked my skin with one hand, touching me wherever his whimsy directed.  With all my attention concentrated upon him, I heard his breathing change, becoming more pronounced.  As he came back in front of me, I saw his eyes were dark with arousal and a tinge of colour suffused his cheekbones.
Sherlock Holmes called upon his brother in the Stranger's Room of the Diogenes Club.  The usual polite formalities were exchanged, and they sat in a discreetly isolated pair of chairs.
It was very disturbing.  Holmes allows so few people inside his walls that I normally felt privileged to share a rare moment of intimacy with him, but the sensuality of our current situation was something I had never sought.  I was afraid of what he might do, but I had to admit that I relished having his total attention.
It did not take him long; I had already been pushed so far into new territories of sensuality that my climax was only a few breaths away.
When I came back to myself, I was lying flat on the settee, clean and covered with a blanket.  Holmes stood with his back to me, hands in pockets, gazing out of the window.  I had no idea what to say to him, and looking at his stance, I suspected he had no idea what to say to me.
"This might help."  And he took my wrist in his hand, and brought my hand to his mouth, drawing in the index finger only, sucking it and laving it with his tongue.  Then, keeping his hold, he placed the wet finger over one nipple and made me trace small circles, around and around.
What I had forgotten was that it had been a long time for me as well.  As I felt his heat close around me, I lost control for a moment and thrust harder than I had intended.  Holmes gasped and stiffened, and I dug my fingers into the mattress and clenched my teeth, forcing myself to stop.  I pulled back, and entered again, this time more slowly.
"Well... since you asked nicely."  I stroked him again, pausing just short of the redness.  He trembled, waiting to see if I was going to give him what he asked for or not, and I suddenly realised why people played these sort of games.  It seems that power is indeed an aphrodisiac.
I felt uneasy at those words, and more so when Watson began to rise from his chair.  My sense of time was distorted; he got halfway up and then froze in that position, his gaze on my face and his expression one of concern.  I spoke as calmly as I could manage.  "It seems so, since he is here at all.  I told him there was a risk, but he refused to leave me to do it alone."
Indeed that was all I wanted, and I implicitly agreed with a huge yawn and a stretch that cracked my back muscles, gathering myself together and heading for the door.  Then I suddenly realised that I had the perfect exit line, and I paused.
"Now I suppose you can see the need for your underclothes to come off?  I can hardly put it over the top of them."
To my surprise, when he came in he shut the door behind him and leant back against it, openly looking up and down my bare body.  It was hardly the first time I had been half-naked in his presence, but his appraisal made me aware of it like never before.
I straightened up, determined this time to do better, especially with the advantage of foreknowledge.  His hands returned to my abdomen, then rose unerringly to find my nipples, which he tweaked and caressed with skilful fingers.  My nipples tightened into hard bumps, matching my already hard member.  It stood fully erect, wanting the physical attention that it was not receiving.
It was not fake modesty.  He was the only person who knew where that collar was concealed, and he was going to keep it that way.  Listen as hard as I might, I could pick up no clue as to where in the room he moved to retrieve it.
"Watson... In the restaurant, were you telling the truth or was that just an invention to disturb me?"
He brushed my lips, and I tasted fruit - which, I do not remember exactly.  As I consumed it, he sank back and impaled himself on me.
I took a clean sheet of paper and wrote swiftly for a few minutes, then tossed the result to Holmes at the table.  Holmes picked it up idly, but after scanning the page, began coughing and spluttering, while his face flushed.
It is amazing what one can do when a person you wish to impress is watching.  I strolled casually across the room, and even grasped his shoulder, but only to turn his back towards me.  Then I took the leather leash from its bag and snapped the clip end to his collar.
"Strip."  He said, flinging himself down in the room's only chair, and pointing the crop at me.  "Not too quickly."
The edge of a razor was placed lightly against my skin, and I clenched my eyes shut despite the blindfold.  His touch was beautifully delicate, as he worked gradually downwards, clearing the area between my navel and the heavier hairs clustered around my member.  I did not suffer a single nick.
"Well, actually I do...  But since your imagination and intellect so far outstrip my own, I would not want to constrain you to my pedestrian ideas."  I paused while he snorted around a mouthful of egg at my insincerity.   "The winner gets to name the forfeit, after the issue is decided."
"I saw you at dinner, and noted your regret at the lack of dessert.  Therefore, I have arranged dessert,
His fingers had been nothing compared to this.  It stretched, it stung, it burned, it was wonderful and perfect.  Holmes pulled back, and I almost reached behind myself to stop him, but then he entered me again, a little further this time.  I realised he was still holding back, still proceeding gradually for my sake.
Holmes pulled back, grey eyes glittering triumphantly down into mine, aware of my unvoiced surrender.  "Into my room."  He smiled coolly as he reached for his crop, holding my gaze and finding it by touch alone in the hatstand by the door.  He gestured with one hand, and I did as he said.
"Undo all of your shirt buttons.  Slowly, there is no hurry."  His voice was soft, and I had to concentrate to hear his words.  I knew he was watching to see if I was going to go along with him or not.  It was a strange feeling, just like the blend of fear and excitement caused when one is "dared".  I always had terrible trouble turning down dares at school, and with Holmes' assurances that I had nothing to fear...  I undid the first of the buttons, and behind me he breathed out audibly.  He made no other sound, but I could feel his presence, only inches away, as I kept going.
His free hand took my wrist and drew my hand inside his gown, planting it firmly on the back of his leg just above his knee.  It was the first time I had touched him, and I could hardly believe it.  His skin was silken and warm to my fingers, each muscle distinct underneath, and I traced upwards along the entire length of his thigh.
Sir Henry had accompanied me into town, but once my letter was safely on its way, he went to pay a formal call on the rector, as landlord to clergyman, where I felt I had no place.  I had no hesitation at returning alone cross-country, the weather looked to hold fair and the path was clear enough to follow.
I knew that I should not permit it.  But it hardly seemed that letting Holmes kiss me on the arm was a matter of great moral or legal impact.  Surely another kiss was allowable, not some major carnal transgression.
" 'Perverted'? 'Criminal'?  How can you be a criminal when you have hurt no one?   I would gladly apply those terms - and my fists - to those who hurt you, but you are the victim in this.  My grandmother, the Scottish one, had a saying:  'If you're not given what you like, you might as well like what you're given.'  Your adapting to circumstances was a survival strategy, Holmes.  For god's sake, man, you were hardly more than a child at the time!"
"Are you willing to test that?  Will you show him your desires, and see if he turns away?"  The voice taunted me, but I did my best to ignore it, continuing to try and reach Watson in the middle of the room.  I saw the hope in his open face, his belief that he could rescue both of us.
"I am not to be manipulated that easily.  You do know that the word 'manipulate' comes from the Latin 'manus', meaning 'hand'..." and his hand closed around me, stroking extremely slowly.  Now his lips alternated between the decreasing pile of fruit, my mouth, and my erection, and the pleasure was so intense I could hardly bear it.
He thought over this for a while.  I took the opportunity to refill his cup.  I swear, his colour was better already.  If I could keep him sitting for another ten minutes, I would count it among my successes.
I reached down to my trousers and undid the two centre fly buttons.  "Why do you ask me?  If I did lie to you then, any answer now could be a second lie about the first lie.   On the other hand, I have heard your opinions on the first-hand collection of evidence."  I leant back into the corner of the compartment, and lifted my eyebrows in a bland expression of inquiry.
The belt was followed in short order by the fly buttons, but Holmes made me pause again when I would have pulled everything off.  "Just the trousers.  And if you push them below your knees and cross your legs at the ankles, you should get a bit of space to work in."
I was looking around the room frantically, as if expecting a discretely unlabeled tin to simply appear in front of me.  Then I spotted something close enough, and made a dive for the dining table, undoing buttons as I went.  Mrs. Hudson has always made those hideous little butter curls, but tonight I realised they did have one advantage over a proper solid block.  I grabbed two or three off the top of the pile and squashed them in my hand, then smeared the resulting mess over my member.
It was futile.  His tentacles, as I must call them, had grown to several feet in length, tapering in thickness from delicate tips to as large around as the top of my thigh.  The rest of Holmes was also distorted.  His head remained, but revoltingly swollen and featureless, without the solid firmness of decent flesh.  His body I could not see at all, if it was still there.  He had become to my sight simply a bloated sac with reaching tentacles, but still somehow
I took one more breath, and then the only word I can use to describe it is that I exploded.  I actually could not see for a moment, and I lost all sensation of position and place.  His right arm was secure around my shoulders, while his left hand caressed me below, squeezing as if to take every drop I had, and I think he got them all.
"Is that acceptable to you?"  Holmes asked.  "I will not always ask you, but I am making some allowances, considering the situation."  I assured him that I was able to cope, and he crossed the room to do something I could not make out.
He must have been more certain than I was, since he entered my room within a few minutes.  He stood quietly, and I had to remind myself that he was waiting for me to tell him what to do.  I was not used to such passivity, and I was not certain I liked it.  However, the British Army had taught me that an officer should at least fake confidence in front of the troops, for purposes of morale.  I do suspect they never intended for their instruction to be put to such use.
Now I was glad he had insisted on me closing my eyes.  I felt I was aware of everything in the room by its sound, from the settling of a log in the fire to the creak of a floorboard as Holmes shifted his weight the smallest amount.  There was also something else, something that struck me as strange.
As I moved closer, my swollen shaft rubbed against his leg.  It was an accident, that first time, but so pleasurable that I did it again on purpose.  The crop struck, a hot sting laid neatly next to the previous one.  Holmes did not speak; we both knew what I had done wrong.
This seemed a very odd request, but I had gone along with everything else, and besides there was no urgency at the moment.  I continued to use my right hand, rubbing with the ends of my fingers and my nails since I could not close my hand around the shaft.  By now it was eagerly bouncing up into my palm, wanting the solid grip I could not give.
So I slammed the door of the sitting-room behind me and stalked across the carpet to glare at the fire in the fireplace, burning low at this time of the night.  Holmes laid aside the book he had been reading and watched me in silence for a moment.
By the time I saw my hastily scribbled page again, I had completely forgotten about it.  Even then it was a complete accident that led to the discovery.  I had simply dropped some coins from my hand, a few of which rolled through the open door of Holmes's bedroom.  As I went to pick them up, I tripped over a loose edge of carpet and landed heavily.
When I turned from closing the door, Holmes was staring at me from his position in front of the fire.  I stared back, unsure why he would focus on me now when he had been all but ignoring me before.  His voice was low when he spoke, so that I had to concentrate to hear him.
Holmes moved around to kneel behind me, and his fingers traced down between my buttocks and brushed over my opening there.  He must have been carrying something in the pocket of his robe, since I could feel the slickness of some oil or salve on his hand.  "I would advise you to relax," he remarked conversationally.  "I am going to have you regardless, but it will go more easily on you if you do."  Then one finger pressed inwards, very slowly, and he entered me for the first time.
"I was in such a hurry to assist you tonight, I skimped a bit on my own arrangements.  I'm wearing absolutely nothing under these trousers."
"Indeed.  And I hope that you will choose to comply with it."  Holmes slid into the small space remaining between me and the wall, trailing his fingertips along my shoulders as he moved.  "All I want is for you to release that towel you are clutching so desperately around your waist.  I am curious; is the view of your body as fine from the back as it is from the front?"
Holmes was gratified to see that the Ambassador, despite his personal grief over the matter, was aware of the need to preserve the scene.  The poor woman had been covered a blanket, but otherwise nothing had been touched.  We stayed back, watching, as Holmes removed his shoes and carefully combed the garden, spiralling in from underneath the very walls to where she lay.
Dinner was for four, as the French Ambassador was also present, having wished to meet with my friend personally.  He was a polite and pleasant dinner companion, although naturally still somewhat subdued after his loss. He thanked Holmes, in excellent English, and presented him with a case of wines personally selected from the embassy cellars.  I kept quiet about my instant resolution to be around when they were opened.
I think he must have heard the tread on the stairs about two steps before I did, for by the time I heard the knock on the door he was already moving.  His foot came off my chest, and in the same movement he grasped my hand and lifted me easily to my feet.  He pivoted gracefully behind me and with a small push between my shoulders I found I was standing next to the settee in the sitting room by the time Mrs. Hudson opened the door with the mail.  Holmes was still in his room, the very picture of a gentleman concerned with nothing more significant than picking up a few dropped coins.
"What more indeed?  How about a loyal friend, whom you see as a potential liability?  You think I am all weak kindness without discipline, and would have trotted out to see you, even after instructions to keep clear. Well, I have had enough of your lack of trust, your insults, and your carelessness of my feelings.  Even if you had never called me your friend I would have been entitled to some courtesy as your fellow lodger.  I am off for London, and by the time you return I will have vacated my room.  Would you like me to leave you a dog as a farewell gift?  You can train him to come and to go as you say without fearing disobedience, and he will be more use to you than I!"
I was well used to my own member, the feel of soft skin slipping over hardness, like velvet over oak.  But this was different, my tongue and lips vastly more sensitive than my hands, those underrated senses of smell and taste driving my actions.  The savour of him intoxicated me.  My tongue seemed to move of its own accord, curling to try and clasp his shaft, as would a hand.
Holmes was standing over me; his feet planted either side of my hips, his hands resting on my head, caressing my hair.  I turned my head sideways so that I could press the side of my face into his groin, feeling the hardness against my cheek and inhaling the scent of his arousal.  I lifted my left hand, but he snapped "No!" so I let it fall back onto my own thigh.
I was not the only one affected.  As close to him as I was, I could not miss the movement within his gown as his member swelled and stiffened.  His pulse beat against my temple and his breath was loud in the confines of the room.  Even his perspiring hand on my shoulder spoke of arousal, sweat forming on his palm as his fingers tightened.
"Take some comfort, Holmes, in that I hold you have honourably completed your forfeit to me.  I will stop pressing you, if you ask it."
Holmes nodded.  "But do you understand how much I may ask?"  He turned me by the shoulders, so I faced away from him.  "What if I was to blindfold you?" he inquired softly, placing his hands over my eyes.  I started to answer, but before I could his hands slipped down and covered my open mouth.  "Or silence you?"  I could feel both the delicacy and the strength in his fingers as he touched my face.  I was torn between wanting him to linger there, and wanting him to use those hands to explore me further.
I shivered, and not with cold, and he crushed me against him, arms crossing over my chest while his mouth licked and kissed at my neck.  I had to moan aloud at this touch, and lifted my hands, trying to touch him
When I worked out what this final line said, I could feel the heat rising in my face and I know I must have been blushing furiously.  My emotions were in complete confusion.  My upbringing insisted that a man should never think such thoughts about another man, much less express them in words, but under that was a certain gratification.  This man, Sherlock Holmes, who could draw every eye simply by entering a room, wanted me.  Fairly intensely, too, if his florid language was anything to go by.  And even further down, I felt a tiny swirl of curiosity.
I found it harder than I would have expected, to disrobe knowing his attention was fixed on me.  The "not too quickly" part was easy; indeed, I would have had trouble making myself move any faster.  I reached my undergarments and stopped, until Holmes cleared his throat and tapped twice significantly on the chair arm with his crop.  I somehow felt that this was the last moment as which I could change my mind.  I could either back away or throw myself entirely into the situation, truly take down my barriers and accept his direction.
"Thank you, Holmes."  I answered automatically, turning towards the lamp.  Holmes reached across my arm and held the volume shut before I could open it.
I laughed as my heart lightened.  "That is common enough, but you will have to return to your own bed.  I cannot allow you to stay here."
"Watson sees me as his friend," I replied firmly.  "And it would make no difference to him if he knew.  He knows my actions will always respect his preferences."
"Yes.  How many more minutes do you have?"  He circled the table once, quickly, pausing at each corner to do something that I could not determine.
"Unwilling" he said hoarsely, taking my hand and pressing it to the bulge on the front of his trousers, "is not the word I would have used."
He lay there, looking up at me with what we both knew was longing, and then he closed his eyes and turned his head away.  The anger drained from me for good this time and with it went my strength, and I sat abruptly on the bare ground, feeling ashamed.
"No, not that.  I want to touch you!"  I begged him, without a care for my dignity.  Holmes laughed and ruffled my hair.
I wondered briefly if it had been deliberately planted for some reason, but given its concealment, I had to believe it represented his true private feelings.  I read it several times, but could only make one interpretation of it.  Then I noticed that there had been another line, written in pencil and then erased, leaving some marks on the paper.  I rolled onto my back and held the sheet up towards the window, trying to read what had been there.
"I have treated him badly before, and he has accepted it," I replied a trifle stiffly.  I prefer not to recall those occasions.
"I can't if you do that!"  I managed to gasp out, holding back but only with a great effort.  I don't know if it was pity or cruelty when he stopped, but he rose gracefully from his knees to join me on the settee, sliding into the embrace of my left arm as if he had been made solely to fit there.  His right arm was around my neck as I turned to kiss him, no longer caring the slightest about all the doubts that had plagued me earlier.  Tongues and lips met and parted, and his mouth was as hot and his breathing as desperate as mine.
They sat in silence for some time, and then Mycroft heaved himself to his feet.  "I have left instructions with my estate steward that you are to have the use of the guesthouse at any time you ask.  Provided, of course, that the estate is vacant, but then it usually is, and he would appreciate a few days' notice."
I suddenly realised I was ravenously hungry.  "I should like to have supper.  But do you mean you are going to be derailed from your serious thoughts every time I bend over?"  My words were jesting, but I was not.
I was nearing ready to start begging aloud for direct stimulation of my member, still suspended in the air, unable even to press against the sheets of the bed as it would if I had I been lying more normally.  Holmes laughed, and said, "My poor Watson.  I believe I am going to try your patience sorely before we are done.  But I should tell you I am very pleased so far, and as a reward I will let you up."
He smiled at that, that thin smile of his with no humour behind it.  "You don't do anything by halves, do you?  Not even that endearing blush of yours."  He pressed slightly with the crop, and I automatically tilted my head back, exposing my neck and the small visible part of my chest, both flushed as red as my face.  I suddenly realised just how much I had gotten into the habit of doing whatever he said, without complaint or requests for explanations.
I pulled out of him as soon as I peaked, aware of his own aching state.  I twisted him over on the ottoman, so now his belly and groin thrust upwards, while long limbs fell away to every side.  I gave him one hard swipe with my right hand, still greasy with the butter, and plunged down on him with my mouth.  He cried out again, muffled, as every muscle tensed to push desperately upwards towards me.  I dug the nails of both hands into his buttocks, and sucked, hard, feeling the soft outer skin sliding over the hardness beneath. He lasted no longer than I had.
Ha!  "Because, dear Holmes, if I wait until you reach the third step before I start up after you, I can, with complete social decorum, feast my eyes on your lovely backside all the way up."
I managed it somehow.  After the sixth blow, his hand grasped my hair and pulled my head back, mouth descending to fasten hungrily on mine.  I was as aroused as he was now, responding eagerly to his avid demands.  The throbbing heat across my buttocks stirred me in some dark place that it disturbed me to acknowledge, but I could not deny its effect on me.
At that point I stopped, aware that Holmes had stopped his fidgeting and was staring straight at me.  "Let me see that."  He said, in a tone so commanding that I handed the paper over reflexively.  He read the entire article thoroughly, twice, then looked back at the table, where only a small puddle of water showed where the icecube had been.
But I only smiled and remarked: “Perhaps you are correct.  But even as a detective must not only discover the truth, but also evidence to convince a jury, I must not only describe what happened, but also produce stories that will sell.  The Strand is a popular magazine, so my stories are couched in a popular style.  Maybe I should look elsewhere to place accounts of your work, so that a different style can be employed.”
There are few things that can redeem a bad day as thoroughly as a hot bath.  Whilst I do enjoy the Turkish baths, with their steam rooms and massage, when I have the time, there is much to be said for a bath within one's home, thus removing the need to get fully dressed and journey through the streets afterwards.
Holmes threw his head back and laughed loudly.  "Of course you are!  I would not be doing it otherwise.  John, my dearest, the taste for a bit of rough handling is only like a taste for strong drink or an extremely vile tobacco.  It is best indulged with a view to company and circumstances, but is of harm to nobody, if handled with a measure of moderation and discretion."
"Demanding, aren't we?"  he teased, reaching back with one hand, and used a single finger to just brush the outside of my opening.  "Here?"
"You think it is all in the past?  How can you believe that, when after four years of living at close quarters, you are aroused by my nearness, but only because I almost struck you?  If you speak truly, then this will do nothing for you!"  I did not act out of desire; I have never desired to hurt my partners.  But in my frustration at his denial, I shoved him backwards until he fell, and stooped over him with my fist clenched, although I had no intention of touching him.
"You are determined to have it all?  Well, then, I have gone to brothels and paid my money.  They have kissed and stroked and tried their tricks, and done nothing for me.  One gave me back my money; the other cursed me into the street.  Since then I have tried to avoid the entire issue."
He did not leave me waiting for long.  He dragged the chair close in behind me and seated himself.  "Move your knees a little further apart," he said, tapping me on the inside of one leg with his crop.  "And no tightening up."  He touched me with the crop again, this time drawing the leather loop slowly down my spine.  I breathed out, and swore silently to keep my body as relaxed as I could.
Like many others in the crowd, we stopped in one of the restaurants for supper.  I ordered a large cognac for each of us, and allowed Holmes to get settled.  He inhaled the scent from the warmed glass, took a generous sip, nodded approvingly, and I launched my next provocation under the guise of a casual remark.
It was a good thing that I already intended to keep things brief, since having been solitary for so long my climax came swiftly.  Now if only I could do as much for him.
"No.  Oh no, Holmes, tell me that isn't what I think it is.  What are you doing?"  I could have wished for my voice to be steadier.
"Did you know, I have two tickets for The Magic Flute this evening, with Kristensen conducting.  Will you come with me?"
It seems that Watson saw me caught deeply in the drug's effects, and leapt from his chair to pull us both free.  That is his account, and I have seen nothing in his behaviour to contradict it.  The bizarre and obscene vision of my transformation and our congress together had existed only inside my mind.  That is the obvious and logical conclusion.
I was half talking to him, and half thinking aloud.  "If I back up to the age most boys begin experimenting, I would find you at your boarding school... Holmes, are you telling me that your total participation in sex consists of someone bashing you once or twice and then forcing themselves on you without further formalities?"
That bent him over, giving me an easier angle on his rear.  I wanted to see the effects my blows had, to try and learn as quickly as possible how much force was required.  Another four, and Holmes was moaning in his throat, but I had to stop, since my hand was red and stinging.
"Come now, Holmes, trust me!  Do you think I am going to make you wear your shoes on the wrong feet or something?  I'll be out most of today, but I will be home in good time."  I made sure not to linger.  I wanted to be safely out of range of his questions, and besides, I was not certain how long I could refrain from laughing.
Finally Holmes was moving freely and without restraint, driving into me as I braced myself with my arms and pressed back to meet him.  His breathing was harsh and noisy, and his skin sweaty.  His hands gripped my hips, fingers digging hard into my flesh, just as my newfound craving demanded.
"Yes, but before I would not have cared.  They have not changed, but I have.  I am not a lover of men, and now it seems I am no longer a lover of women either."  I fell silent, slumped into my chair, staring bleakly into the fire.
He had to stop to unlock the door.  I took the opportunity to grind my hips into his backside, and even through the layers of clothing I could feel his reaction.  He fumbled the key in the lock, and I snarled at him.  "Get this damned door open! Now!"
Sherlock shook his head, in a combination of exasperation and admiration.  "Trust you to settle on the aspect of sexuality that requires the least effort and become a voyeur.  By the way, there was a slight draft along the floor when you entered, you might want to see to that.  Watson noticed nothing."
"How much does Watson care for you?" it asked, and I startled to hear those words, spoken into my very ear when I knew there had been no one behind me.  I tried to turn my head and see the source of the words, but was unable to move.  "Shall we test him?"
But I never heard what he was going to say next.  We had been so totally caught up in our own concerns that I, at least, had lost all awareness of where we were or why we were there, but this obliviousness was ripped apart in an instant.
His hand grasped my wrist, and wrapped a strip of flannel around it.  I could not understand why, until he knotted a rope over the cloth, restraining me without fear of scraping the skin.  The other end of the rope had already been fastened to the leg of the table, so it was quick work.
He used his fingers to apply the cream also, his touches leaving silky trails and blobs that moved with an exquisitely feather-light sensation as my breathing caused my skin to rise and fall.  Each successive moment combined to build exactly the effect he wanted.
"I am sorry, Holmes.  I had no right to do that.  Since we are not partners in that sense, your private preferences are no concern of mine."
"Good.  Now, close your eyes."  His tone was low and warm, what I thought of as his "charming" voice, and I had seen its effectiveness on others before.  When Holmes is certain of what he is doing, he carries all along with him.  "Keep them shut.  Now take your left hand and remove your right cufflink."
And so this one turned out to be.  Their conversation was full of allusions and obscure wit, so I will simply summarize it here.  The mother of the current French Ambassador had been quietly puttering among the embassy rosebushes, when she was found dead from a blow to the back of the head.  There was no sign of a struggle, or indeed of any other person at all, and the embassy guards had observed nothing.  The Ambassador himself was naturally possessed by grief and rage, and the British Government wished to prove quickly and decisively that this sort of harm to a guest was not to be tolerated.
"Yes, but we've been this close before, and usually you don't make any sound at all.  Oh..." and I felt rather foolish as the explanation struck me.  "You're about to comment on my naivety again, are you not?"
'This' was an elegant grey silk cravat, quite a change from his usual conservative black tie.  "I suppose this is one of your 'suggestions'?  I assume you know I prefer something plainer."
"Yes, all what?  Thirty seconds of it?  Holmes, I'm sorry.  But..." and he hushed me, laughing a little.
"Wait a moment."  I paused in putting it on, as Holmes moved to stand close behind me.  "Close your eyes."  And the next moment I felt him touch me intimately, his erect member briefly freed of its confinement and standing vertically, pressing hard and thick between my buttocks.  Even so recently completed a surge of lust burned in my veins and sped my heart.  He rocked once or twice, slipping easily where traces of the oil remained on my skin, and I pushed back into him without thought, reflexively trying to increase the contact.
I let him precede me down the stairs, but when he stopped to open the outside door I closed the gap between us.  My hand pressed against the seat of his trousers, feeling the loop under my fingers.  "Just checking." I whispered into his ear.  "Every time it moves, pretend it's my tongue."  I was close enough to feel the slightest tremor run through him before he yanked the door open and flung himself through it.  Sometimes a vivid imagination is as much a handicap as an asset.
"Back up a couple of steps, I'll steer you.  Now sit down."  he said, placing me on the settee.  "Yes, I insist.  There."
I thought I had been angry before.  Now my temper got the better of my manners, and I shouted furiously, while I clenched my fists so tightly my arms trembled.
"Take it with you; look at it at your leisure.  Consider it earned by your progress tonight."  Holmes smiled lazily, eyes half-lidded.  "Though if you continue at this rate, I shall need to find some more tokens of my appreciation."  I returned his smile, and took myself to my own room.
From that time events in the case moved so fast that we hardly had a moment alone together.  But in my few periods of reflection I thought deeply about the scene we had played out, and tried in all fairness to come to some reasonable conclusion.  I was not naive enough to think we could just return to our lives and pretend it had never happened.
As I reached for him, his hands lifted towards me and I felt hope that he was also aware of our danger.  But then I saw the most awful transformation; each of his fingers stretched out and lengthened, becoming tentacles that wound around my hands and arms as I - and I am ashamed to admit it, but I can only help myself by putting down the absolute truth - recoiled from my friend and tried to prevent him reaching me.
"It depends on what you are hoping I am saying," Sherlock stammered. He could feel his heart ripping through his chest. The erratic beating had him checking his own pulse at his wrist, teacup long forgotten beside him.
“You never forgave me for him. I know you let it go, but you never dated after him... until now...” I puzzle the last thought.
My hair is wild looking but there is little I can do. I run a brush through it, trying to calm the main part a little.
Welcome back to chapter 2! So happy that everyone is loving the story so far. <3 I hope you all enjoy this next chapter. I love John in this story with his sarcasm and his mind Sherlock. <3
"You don't know how long I have wanted to do that." John smiled, his hand running along Sherlock's jaw.
Thank you to the few of you reading this story. I hope you enjoy this chapter. I am having to much fun writing about these girls. Things are going to be dicey for them for a while but there will be a happy ending. Because Scar and Jo deserve happiness.
Mar and her wife, Detective Lestrade-Holmes, are working to figure out what happened. I know what happened but I can’t seem to do a thing about it. I have only been back two days. This was not how everything was supposed to go. Why do I feel like my life is more out of control now than when I was on the run?
Speaking of John, Sherlock needed to get going while John was still at work. Sherlock wanted to make sure he was gone before John returned. Mycroft had handled letting John know that Sherlock was leaving and Sherlock had asked Mycroft not to tell him anything of John from this point on.
“You think this is too quiet for me?” John waved his hand around the room. “You do all of that. Lie about everything you’re doing and at the last moment you decide to tell me--” John stopped his rant, sighing deeply. “After all that you decide to tell me you have feelings for me?”
It was déjà vu. Only he had been the one leaving last time. Sherlock decided not to follow the pattern and rushed out the door. He could see John still in the drive. “John Hamish Watson!”
I tried, though, even as I hoped you would find another man to stand up for you. A better man. A man who was not so in love with you that his heart breaks at the very thought of you not being here beside him anymore.
I am so happy that so many have decided to take a risk with me on this story. Only 3 more chapters left after this one. We are getting close to the end. I had planned to post only a chapter a week but decided to would be to much. I hope you continue to enjoy this angst story. <3
I raise my right hand to show its slightly curled form with it’s black and blue bruising and lack of ability to close properly. “Everyone knows I’m right handed. But no one knows that my hand is injured to the point that it's unusable.” I smile triumphantly.
I wanted to run my hands through her hair and see if the silver made the texture of her hair different. I didn’t realise how much I had missed her until now. I knew that I had missed her over the last two years, but standing here, now - the ache was different. The longing was stronger.
I believe I will ask Mycroft for a job somewhere far away until the time comes that I can be near you and not want to touch you or hold you. I must admit, though, that I do not hold out hope that such a time will ever come to pass.
John enjoyed tending to the small scrapes, rashes and cuts that he saw each day. His off days were spent with Sherlock and Watson in the garden or reading by the fire.
She wore a fitted black lace cocktail dress with long sleeves. Most likely to hide the bullet wound to her shoulder. She was stunning. Her hair was longer, pulled back in a messy bun. I could see from where I stood that there were silver strands of hair mixed with her blonde.
Sherlock stopped, his hands on the counter as he hung his head. "Why not?" His fingers gripped the counter tightly. He had nothing to live for anymore. The darkness was closing in on him. He had John but he really didn't. It was a daily struggle to keep up appearances and he was no longer the man he used to be. He had demons and a darkness that would fell a normal man. All he wanted was to reach out and hold the man standing behind him. But just because John had moved back in didn't mean he wanted Sherlock like that.
perfect cupid bow lips. Just as John got past the gorgeous lips, the man opened his eyes. They reminded John of two drops of sea glass, with their blue, green and hint of gray. These were eyes one could get lost in and they were attached to the most beautiful man.
“I don’t need the world to know I didn’t do it. Just Jo. If I show her my hand that should be enough.” I start pacing the room. My dressing gown flows behind me. I realize that I am fact still only wearing pants under said dressing gown. “I need to see her.”
“Sherlock, I--,” John dropped his head to his hands. Watson moved closer to John, his nose nuzzling at John’s arm. He whined as John ignored him. “I don’t know how to… Why didn’t you tell me you were back?” There was something in John's voice.
“Really, sister dear. You should wear a shoe more appropriate for that suit.” Marjorie waved a hand towards Anthony. He pulled my shoes from a bag near his feet, handing them over as I glared at him.
Once Sherlock could no longer stand the shaking, he dug in his bag for the cocaine he carried with him. Sitting down on the bed, he tried to calm his hands enough to push the needle into his vein. After he managed, Sherlock curled up, pulling his coat around his body and let the drugs pull him under.
Watson barked beside Sherlock as John stopped in his tracks. “You will come back in here this instant,” Sherlock yelled. He watched as John slowly turned and started back towards him.
Sherlock followed him, his mind racing with questions. What did John think of the house? Did he like it? Why was he here? Was he staying? Did Sherlock want him to stay?
I sat in my sister Marjorie’s private salon, watching her stylist try to tame my hair. It had grown wild in the past two years and at one point I had been forced to shear it near off. Making it grown back even curlier than before. I watched her give it shape again, the curls falling almost to my shoulders now.
Subscribe so you don't miss more of my stories and follow me on twitter @octoberisblue or on tumblr @bluebuell33. Thank you so much for stopping by! <3
"He was last seen at the train station in Germany. From what was discovered by the police there, he was taken shortly after boarding the train, though the how is still being determined." Mycroft paused. "John, we will need you to find him."
It takes me two seconds to flag down a taxi and give them Jo’s address. Now to wait and think about what to say.
Returning to the sitting room, he found John back in the chair and Watson sitting beside him. Sherlock sat the tea next to John before taking his seat again.
He wanted freedom from the darkness that controlled his sleeping hours. He rarely slept normally but now he feared closing his eyes. He just wanted to go back to before everything. Before the jump. Before he lost his best friend. But most of all before he fell into unrequited love with his best friend…
He made his way to his chair on the porch to enjoy both as Sherlock and Watson rounded the corner. Both dogs jumped on to the porch, excited to see John and wagging their tails. Even though Watson was starting to have trouble running around these days, Sherlock was helping him stay young.
“Good morning, boys. Have you been visiting Mrs Taylor again?” John smiled, patting both before giving each a small piece of his toast.
John made only one stop on his way to Serbia and that was to change his appearance. Dark brown hair, almost black and contact lenses that made his eyes green instead of blue. Mycroft had supplied what he needed in a safe house just outside Serbia. John stowed most of his gear here, taking only what he really needed moving forward. He would come back when he found Will or if he needed to regroup.
The man nodded before heading in the direction John had come from. John waited outside the door for several minutes to make sure no one was coming back before grabbing the key and letting himself in the door. Tied to a chair with his head lolled to one side was a dark curly haired man. John's heart stopped beating.
Sliding into my black bespoke suit after two years of wearing everything but a suit was like slipping on a silk glove. Smooth and soft. The last piece I needed was my favorite black Converse shoes. I spun around in search of them.
"I need you to promise that if you are feeling the draw to drugs that you will tell me and never hide it from me. Please, promise me this."
I am a man being torn in two. I want you to be happy always, even if that is not with me. Though my heart breaks even just writing the words.
Thank you too all who joined me on this journey. I am so thankful for all the lovely comments I received during the posting every other day. I hope you all love this final chapter. <3 Part of me isn't ready for the story to be over, but its on to the next I guess. Enjoy! <3
He had finally found what he wanted, and was copying out an address from an envelope, presumably for the telegram.  "You were what?"
Both of us flinched.  I stared at the red blotch spreading on his skin, and stammered: "Was that too hard?" as he swayed a little on his feet.  In for a penny, in for a pound... "Pay attention!"  and I slapped him again.  "I'm getting tired of asking you everything twice!"
"Wait."  And his left hand curled around my balls, applying a precisely perfect amount of pressure.  "Now."
It was shortly after breakfast in Baker Street, and I noted with an inward groan that Holmes had taken up his “disputatious” cherrywood pipe.  It seemed that a fairly cutting criticism of my stories was in the offing.  Most of Holmes’s peculiar habits and eccentricities I could live with, but his attacks on my writing could be genuinely wounding.
'Up' in this context meant his assistance in pulling me back onto my knees, able to rest my weight back on my heels instead of being suspended between hips and shoulders.  Holmes looked down at my swollen purple shaft and thought for a moment.
Or, I tried to.  For now the change had spread further, and my entire body had altered to match my hands.  I seemed to have the form of a giant cephalopod of some sort, a rounded mass of body with nothing but tentacles for limbs.  I still held to Watson, ignoring his attempts to get away, hoping that he would be able to see that it was still me he was trying to help.
I was expecting the hardness, but not the heat.  Intellectually I suppose I should have, with the strong flush of blood so close under the skin, but I was hardly thinking analytically.  I licked, softly and then with more confidence, from base to tip, with the touch of his hand on my head urging me on.
"Holmes?"  I ventured.  I was not used to talking about intimate activities, but confronted with his rigid pose I instinctively tried to reach out to him.  "I think I must concede you another point.  The gender of one's partner is not the most important thing about them.  That... that was wonderful."  I trailed off into an embarrassed silence as my face burned.
Elated, I repeated my slow stroke, back of knee to top of thigh, so I knelt at his feet with my arms clasping him.  Holmes stretched up languidly, his hand absently pulling at the tie on his dressing gown.  He pulled the robe open with deliberate slowness, teasing me with the gradual revelation of his body.
bad day.  I had been out in much of it, doing my rounds in the continuous damp rain that caused so many cases of illness.  I sometimes reflect on the irony that I am always busiest in the worst weather.  Even after I got home, I was almost too tired to eat dinner.  I could not seem to get warm, even standing directly in front of the fire, so after the minimum possible meal I headed for the sanctuary of the bath.
"Your attention is not a light matter," I said, not truly answering him directly.  "I have seen you turn your back on the Prime Minister himself in your own sitting room."
As I recall, I was more horizontal than vertical now, held off of the ground by the irresistible pull of the tentacles.  The one that had been under my back now curled completely two or three times around my torso, and crept down to join the other in stroking my genitals.  One even cradled my head, its tip pressing against my lips when I would have screamed.
He had built a false shelf onto the bottom of the dresser, visible only to someone lying flat on the floor, as I was.  The shelf contained only a single sheet of paper, which I recognised as my own foolscap stationery.  It was only after I drew it out that I remembered the lines I had so casually written.
"Watson!  In God's name, no, it's not like that!  If I wanted an imbecile to dumbly follow orders, I am sure I could find one; this
"So you really were hoping I would strike you, and then... Oh, Holmes."  I absolutely did not know what to say.
"No, I have simply planned ahead.  Now, since it seems you are just going to lie there..." He moved around the room, but I could determine nothing from what I heard.  He came back to my side, and his hand brushed low across my stomach, below the navel.
I had already decided that I would have to be the one to open the matter.  If Holmes had only ever acted the passive part, he was unlikely to change overnight and suddenly make advances to me.  And consideration of the matter had shown me much to desire in him as a partner.  He was fastidious in his personal habits, an essential for me, and while his frame was slender, it was well enough made to invite further exploration.  He was intelligent and educated, and as for the negative aspects of his company, well, I was already suffering those without the compensation of a physical relationship.
"I confess myself surprised, John.  Normally your manners to a guest are more correct, more in keeping with a gentleman."  In the light of his own behaviour, I was amazed to hear him criticise me so.  "You were quite rude to dismiss Lestrade so abruptly."
"A better performance than last time.  These things are important, and should be done properly.  Now stay put."  Holmes walked out of the room, closing the door behind him.
I recalled what he had done to me the last time, and leant in until I was close enough to kiss his shaft, a little awkwardly, then turned my head slightly to fit my mouth better to his shape.  Holmes sighed, and his free hand stroked my hair.
"Drop the dressing gown."  He did so, allowing it to puddle around his feet.  I walked behind him, and mentally crossing my fingers, slapped him hard across his buttocks.
I knelt where he pointed, facing the bed but a couple of feet away from it.  I did not realize Holmes had any reason for choosing that spot over any other until he pushed me between the shoulders and pressed me down onto his bed.  I was not lying on the bed, but only resting my face and shoulders there, leaving my aching member hanging out in empty space, unable to make contact against any surface.
"Did you think I was back here reading the newspaper to pass the time?"  But his voice was more wryly affectionate than anything else.  He took my wrist again, this time pulling it back over my shoulder and placing the fingertips against his throat, so I could feel his pulse beating in the artery there.  Definitely faster than it should have been, going on his physical activity only.  "Now forget about me, and pay more attention to yourself.  Why don't you undo your belt?"
Finally given free rein on myself, I took a firm grip on my member and let my hand work at its own pace, squeezing a little in the middle of each stroke and occasionally running my thumb over the top.  I do not think I had ever spent so long on reaching this stage before, and I was certainly ready for it.  As the tension grew in my centre my awareness of everything else receded.
"Then you use me, and yet do not trust me!"  I cried with some bitterness.  "I think that I have deserved better at your hands, Holmes.  Why am I here at all, if you are watching over my shoulder to check all my doings for yourself?"
"Completely.  I will even offer you the same stakes as last time."  That got my attention.  He must be certain indeed...  but
about it.  You have played me for a decoy, running me here and there to draw attention, while all the time you have planned to leap out and save the day, and without even the decency to tell me that was the job I was to do.  Surely you know I would have done it freely if you had asked."
I have rarely felt as many emotions at once as I did when Holmes spoke to me out of the twilight and proved to be our mystery stalker.  Surprise, relief, gladness, and then strangely enough anger.  I had been so conscientious in writing my reports, thinking of him in London, reliant upon my work.  Instead he was lurking here, watching me scuttle about on his errands and no doubt caustically listing my mistakes.
I pulled his dressing gown open, and gazed hungrily at the lean body exposed to me.  His skin was very pale, with only a light scattering of body hair, and he had so little fat on him that the muscles were clearly defined.  I ran my hands down the length of his frame, shoulders to ankles, and back up to rest at his waist.
"Let me give you a hand."  Holmes stood, and reached down to aid me.  "After all, you did all of the work."
Holmes paid it no mind.  Instead he lifted his right hand to my mouth, thumb and index finger forwards, and ordered: "Lick."  He repeated this with his left hand, and continued his teasing, the wetness making the feeling even more intense.  I breathed more deeply, just to press my chest into his hands in a mute plea for more.
The cry had been loud on account of its vehemence, but it had pealed out from somewhere far off on the shadowy plain.  Now it burst again upon our ears, nearer, louder, more urgent than before.
"Six.  I did not say you could speak.  Now be still."  Ten minutes ago in the sitting room I had felt the flare of his desire, but now he was all calm self-possession again.  He stepped back and considered me, taking time to savour the humility of my pose.  I expected him to stop behind me, but he came to stand directly in front, and only inches away.
"Hmm?"  He was still appraising the cognac, holding the liquid in his mouth to gather the full effect of the taste as it warmed, then he closed his eyes to swallow.
He responded with an obscenity I had not even realised he knew.  "Now!?  No way, my dear Watson, no way.  You have been teasing and promising all night, with your words, your hands, and your eyes...  There is no way in the world you are going to get out of delivering on those promises."
Lestrade and I both laughed in response.  When they were able to stand each other's company long enough, success was almost inevitable; Holmes had his imagination and Lestrade his resources.  I felt the smallest flicker of envy.
"Let us remove your vaunted propriety.  What if you were to press your attentions on him, in the face of his objections?"
"Quiet!" I flicked the leash I was still holding, to remind him of it.  Then a better idea occurred to me, and I pulled out the silk cravat and gagged him with it.  His hands came up by reflex to stop me, but I hissed at him to continue removing his clothes.  At the same time my mind was working on one last unexpected problem.
"See?" the voice crowed, triumphant.  "He cannot tolerate you in a less attractive form.  He will let you down yet."
His face showed so much anguish that I could not help but feel it.   I was being torn apart inside, my anger demanding that I turn my back and leave, to hurt him as he had hurt me, and my compassion telling me this was my friend, and he was in pain.  Compassion won, but it was a near thing.  I took a seat on a rock and presented as neutral an appearance as I could.  "Very well, Holmes.  I am listening."
And for most of an hour my admiration is what they received, as they took turns describing their case for me.  Slowly I became aware of something in Holmes's manner, in his division of attention between Lestrade and myself.  When Holmes spoke, Lestrade looked back and forth between us, but when Lestrade was speaking, Holmes's eyes never left his face.
This was not like Holmes.  Rude and abrupt he could be, certainly, but usually only in the course of pursuing one of his unique chains of thought.  It was as if he was trying to provoke me deliberately, and I was at a loss as to his motive.  That he had a motive I was certain.  But I did not care for his rudeness to me in what was, after all, my own home as well as his.  And, with that thought, I realized that I need not put up with it.
"I have no desire at all to get out of my promises. But neither would I have you be in the least degree unwilling."
It is strange, the small chances that can lead to major turning points in one's life.  My first full day at Baskerville Hall had seen a clear sky, but for the next two the weather had been so terrible that Sir Henry and I had been confined indoors, reliant on billiards and books for entertainment.  Finally the mid-October grey had blown away, and after lunch I was determined to walk into town and send my letter to Holmes, coming back with a long ramble across the moor.
Oh, gods... He was raising the stakes on me, no doubt about it.  He was leaning back, no; he was posed, against the bedpost, hands linked behind his head, one leg slightly bent and with his eyes half closed.  The cheetah collar, that mark of my possession of him, glittered silver and black around his throat.  He was blatantly flaunting his nudity, and challenging me to keep my self-control.
"Well, a solider may risk his life for any of a thousand men he does not even know, so perhaps that tells us nothing," the voice mused.  "Maybe he should risk more?"
He reached out with two fingers and traced a line starting behind my ear, down the side of my neck and along my collar, curling under my tie as one might hook his fingers into a dog's collar.  "What do you have to say for yourself?"
"Watson!"  His voice was shaking, his whole body was shaking, and he looked more distressed than I had ever seen him.  "Stop, Watson, please stop, even if you never listen to me again, please give me a minute so that I can explain."
"Ha!  Try and make me!"  Childish, perhaps, but then all of it was a game played by rules only the two of us would ever be aware of.  I curled my fingers and dragged my nails lightly over his skin, wrenching a deep moan from his throat.
"I was considering a wager.  But if you don't have time, there's not much point my mentioning it. And when you get back, it will be too late.  So as I said, a pity."
I was surprised when Holmes just laughed.  "Ah, Watson, after all this time, and all the things you've seen and heard and done, I still have to wonder where you keep your naivety."
"Perhaps just a little, thank you."  The strangled croak in my voice rather ruined the attempted irony.
He had already corrected me, once; but I ignored the warning in my need for contact.  As I slid my hands around from hipbones to the small of his back I allowed my erection to touch him again.  This time I was anticipating the blow, but it never fell.
I was not hurt, but it was enough of a shock that I lay still for a moment, getting my breath back.  It was from that position that I saw something stuck to the underside of his dresser.  I wasn't intending to pry; I just automatically reached out to see what it was.
"I made a perfectly simple request of him, and he refused to oblige me.  Why should I not turn my attention elsewhere?  You must know by now," he said, closing the distance between us, "that I will have things done my way or not at all."
That brought out an acid flash of the Holmes I knew.  "I hope that is not pity, for the boy I was, in a situation gone these fifteen years."
That was one of the most obscene things I had ever heard.  "If I agree with you, will you do that again?"  I asked hopefully.
Indeed, it seemed that it was just what he wanted to hear, since he turned away without another word and left the sitting room.  I went to my own room to wait for him, hoping that somehow I would be able to make this work.  I turned down all the lights, and added some more wood to the fire to ensure the room stayed warm.
John cleaned up his breakfast and put on his shoes. It was Sunday. Sunday was Sherlock’s day. He picked a handful of flowers on his way through the garden before heading down the road. Both dogs followed along stopping to sniff here and there. As they entered the cemetery, John saw Mr Wilson leaving.
I arrive at the park. Paying the cabbie, I exit and make for the front entrance. I begin to wander through, hoping she will be waiting near the front. There is movement to my left and from behind a tree Mark steps out. I change course, heading straight for him.
Sherlock was beginning to think, he was no longer a genius that could read a person like a book. Though John had always been a bit of a grey area for him, much harder to read than others. Maybe his brain was shutting down. Maybe this was a sign of things worsening? He should make an appointment to see his doctor sooner rather than later…
John let out a groan as he settled on Sherlock's lap, his hands buried in Sherlock's curls. "Yes, please," he whispered in between kisses.
“Oh move over, it's right here.” She produces the paper, handing it over. “Now what did you figure out?”
Thank you for all of your wonderful comments and kudos. I am so happy that so many are enjoying this story. I really thought no one would read it but Kat who it was written for. I am happy to be wrong. I hope you all enjoy this chapter, we are jumping back to see a bit John's side during these last chapters. <3
John lifted a hand to hush him. "You don't know that. The pull can be hard and come upon you when you least expect, I just ask that you tell me so I can help you. Okay?"
“My office, top left side.” Marjorie stands, following me down the hall to her office. “Is there a reason you’re not dressed?”
Listen to me, I sound like a love-struck teenager. Pathetic. My only comfort is knowing you will never read any of these.
I hurry back downstairs, not seeing either Marjorie or Grace as I reach the door. “I’ll be back!” I yell over my shoulder as I walk out.
"Spit it out," Sherlock sneered, pushing past John, making his way into the kitchen and starting the kettle.
“I know, but it wasn’t safe. You know it wasn’t. Now she is gone..forever…” New tears find their way from my eyes and roll down my cheeks.
I have instructed Mycroft to tell you that an urgent matter of national security has come up and I was called upon in service of the queen.
Sherlock sipped from his cup, watching John over the top of it. "What if I was to say I was hoping for something different between us as well when you moved back in and the fact that nothing has changed has me reaching for the needle..."
I pull back from Grace in shame to have been caught by Mar. I promised her years ago after my last overdose that I wouldn’t entertain thoughts of taking my own life again. I wipe away the tears on my cheeks and pick at my nails, not wanting to meet her eyes.
"Sherlock? Sherlock? Calm down, please. Breathe for me." John had appeared at his side, holding Sherlock's wrist carefully, counting his heartbeats. "Sherlock, please breathe with me." John pulled Sherlock's hand to his own chest, letting him feel the rise and fall of his breathing.
"Yes?" John replied, rubbing the sleep from his eyes as the cozy flat disappeared and his desk at the clinic that he was currently sitting at reappeared.
It makes hiding my scars a bit easier. I shower slowly, enjoying the warm water washing over me. I am careful where I scrub, making sure not to hit any of the newer injuries. My right hand still doesn’t close fully into a fist, but I have been assured that will heal. Since I am right handed, it's good to know.
Sherlock had no response. No answer to give. He had hoped that they were something more or that they could be. His heart was fluttering in his chest. He tried to keep from standing and taking John in his arms. John hadn’t said he returned Sherlock’s love. He had said they were friends, maybe even good friends.
That is not true. Of course I had a choice. But my choices were to stay and watch you be unbearably happy with her or to leave without saying anything to you. Either way I would lose you.
Sherlock laid on the bed, watching the short, blonde man talk to him. His mind was very fuzzy from the drugs and he couldn't focus on what the man was saying to him. He watched the man turn towards the kitchen and disappear into thin air.
I am so happy that so many of you took a chance on my story. I hope that you continue to enjoy and leave me wonderful comments even if they are just to yell about your broken heart. <3 You can always find me on twitter as well @Octoberisblue. <3 Muah
“Sherlock, I require an answer from you and soon. If I am expected to make the arrangements.” Mycroft stood, moving towards the door. Not once had Sherlock looked his way. Still staring at the back of the sofa. At the ever-flickering sunbeam…
Sherlock could see John in his mind, sitting on the porch leaning against the door with his head in his hands, talking to himself. Sherlock had a choice right now: keep quiet and let John think he was at the wrong house or open the door. Watson looked up at him barking again.
