about these people,” said Tony, pointing his chopsticks at Rhodey for emphasis. “They voluntarily subject themselves to Andrew Lloyd Webber’s
Let’s split up. Natasha, you take the whorehouse—
All my love,
“That’s what you believe, right? That if you’re dangerous, you don’t get a chance to try to protect people, or to be happy, or to make up for your mistakes. So who’s getting ejected off-planet first, Thor, you or me?”
There went his other reason. And if there had been any others, Tony couldn’t remember them. Whatever, he could think of new ones. He just needed time.
in a way nothing had in a very long time. And now, here, without Tony, it felt so unbelievably
Steve was biting his lip to suppress a laugh now.
“Nope! Too late to change, we’re writing your appearance off as ‘eccentric genius’ today,” said Pepper, not even breaking her stride.
“She did,” said Steve.
“Hey Cap, if we make it all the way down to Tony’s floor and none of us spot the artifact, what’s our next move?” said Clint.
The crowd grumbled in embarrassment and frustration as they put their phones away, then Tony said, “I need to go touch up my makeup, I’ll meet up with you inside.”
3/10. Maybe, but unlikely.
This chapter features original art by me, Gogglor! I am quite pleased to say this is a highly representative sample of my artistic prowess.
The skimmers quietly interpolated Hammer’s input into the same ones and zeroes that the devices below them received, and sent them to the skimmer-receiver twenty-two floors above.
of the two of you dating each other, it’s not going to happen.”
“I think we were at the part where you were going to apologize for trying to have pity sex with me,” said Steve, a thread of irritation in his words.
Steve was mid-way through talking about what it was like to sleep in zero g, when Steve felt Tony tap his shoulder, a whole box of hot dogs in his hand.
“Jesus, Tony, I did not need to picture that!” said Steve, his whole body visibly recoiling.
enact manual override, Jarvis, I’m
, and their house sodas really are that good, as are their house cocktails (although both are on the pricey side, so it's a rare treat thing). I really, really hope they're still around after this Covid crap blows over.
“One hour ago, Mrs. Jimenez broke into the Tower to come see me because I’ve been avoiding her boss. She managed to get past all of our security using nothing but a high-vis vest, a hard hat, and a clipboard.”
If you’re going to do all that set up work you might as well do it to protect clothes that you can’t find at the GAP.
Not even five seconds later, Steve had tagged out for Nat.
“How could I? Look at this—” said Tony, showing Steve his phone, “Five thousand idiots voted you had the better costume on my Twitter. Five thousand! You’re beating me twice over!”
while you—”
thought Steve, who was getting that warm feeling in his stomach again.
STEVE
“I’m an engineering genius, you’re a tactical mastermind, and we can’t have sex until we escape a locked room,” said Tony, who’d already expanded the regular eight tracks of his brain to one hundred to process routes of escape (well, fifty of them were dedicated to what he was going to do to Steve as soon as they got back to the tower, but the other fifty were more than up to the task), “Given those variables, would
“Hey!” said Steve indignantly.
“He’s just anxious because he glimpsed his boss gabbing with the ladies in the finance department in the lobby,” said one of the techs nearby, a middle-aged woman with a hot pink pixie cut.
“Where’d you hide it? Give it to me! Tell me if its place is known!”
Steve was halfway through explaining the infield fly rule to Tony when suddenly the crowd around them erupted into gasps and cheers that had nothing to do with what was happening on the field.
Outfit: 5
PHILLIPS
“Bruce, honey, first of all, male pattern baldness does not happen to sufficiently rich people unless they want it to. And second of all… I am having a bad hair day, and I don’t want to talk about it.”
“I don’t say ‘swell’,” said Steve as he slid an order slip for avocado toast and a strawberry smoothie over toward Tony. “And I thought you like to cook.”
Tony’s lab in lockdown made Fort Knox look like a take a penny leave a penny tray, and he was glad the team stopped their frankly adorable attempts at getting in after day two, but they didn’t stop trying with the dumbwaiter. Nothing nefarious, people couldn’t get in, and neither could anything with any kind of capacity for sabotage, but every time Tony ordered food they’d send up notes with it. Tony never read them, of course, except when his liquor cabinet ran out and the new liquor he ordered came up the dumbwaiter as empty bottles with a sticky note that said, “Got to open the door for more.”
“The heat’s in your face, not the room, Steve,” signed Clint.
“Give me a number."
If you can give blood you should (regularly if you can swing it). You'd be part of the "A" Steve tries to stand for, and Tony would give you a fist bump then crack a joke about the free juice box.
“Trade ya!” said Tony as he swapped hats with Steve before Steve could read what his new hat said.
“I dunno, why do you think the guy who was blown up, kidnapped, tortured, held without his consent in a cave, and surgically turned into a cyborg might have strong opinions on what’s ok to do to someone’s body?”
“If you could stop your villain monologue for five seconds, Hammer—” said Tony.
“Tony, I don’t know why you’re pretending you enjoyed that any more than I did, but if you could just—”
“Have your lawyers call my lawyers.”
Steve grinned at the memory, then surprised himself when he said, “Kind of, yeah.”
“My guards have seen your faces,” said Hammer. “They’ll testify that you were here.”
I heard Loki said at his trial that he lost his gambit for your planet because he didn’t have a Hulk. Well, I took his advice to heart...
Steve closed the window and started to lock down the truck with him, before he paused and said, “Do you really think I’m hot?”
Steve turned, and there was Tony. The second Steve saw him he was walking over, and the next thing he knew they were hugging, and it was like everything was right in the universe again.
“What’s the problem, honeycake?” said Tony, looking at Steve as they all filed in the room. “Is it the booze? I’ve never done karaoke sober but I’m game if everyone else is.”
“Bruce has an eye-wash station in his lab, but you’ll have to get in line behind me,” said Tony bcuz he had a cruss on me 2.
Everything went still. The world around them continued to churn with the cars under the park and the people milling around them and the conversations and the coffee orders and the million other moving pieces of the city. But there was a space as large as the two of them where there was only the sound of their breath and the sensation of being close. Tony burrowed his face under Steve’s jacket and Steve wrapped him in his arms, his thumb brushing over the back of Tony’s neck until Tony’s breath stopped hitching and his eyes stopped leaving damp spots on Steve’s shirt. And in that space, in those couple of minutes before they continued together to the end of the High Line, it felt… right. Like the most natural place in the universe for Steve to be was with Tony, holding him close.
“You remind me that I’m in love with you more than once a week,” said Steve. “You remind me every day.”
are funny, Steve,” continued Tony. “
who could break into the Tower like you did. And it’s not just anyone who could convince their evil boss to tip off the good guys that he was up to no good.”
“I remember Loki having—”
You stay like that for a little while, just watching the ducks. A blonde woman in a green dress passes by and scoffs at you, and you almost get angry again, but then Tony points out a row of ducklings coming out from under the bridge and you’re back to appreciating the waterfowl. The small you starts to feel stronger. You know you’ve made your point about protecting the small you from the fight-friends’ forces. So you close your eyes and think of ducks as your body starts to shrink.
find me. Either that or I’m getting out of here myself. You’d better hope it’s the team that’s coming, because that way, there’s witnesses to make us feel guilty enough not to turn you into a shish ke-Bob”
friends, but
“It’s not a surprise anymore now, is it?” said Tony. Then he reached into his blazer pocket and pulled out a piece of paper folded into quarters.
Tony cleared his throat. “Wow. Can you, like, bottle that? Make it a sports drink? If we hurry we can sell out on Independence Day next year.”
“Did you
“You’re… dating,” said Pepper. “Other people.”
Tony opened his palm, showing Steve the clump of roots he held there. They were nothing compared to the main root he’d expelled three years ago, or even the ones he’d coughed up in the year following, but it was definitely larger than any of the ones he’d expelled recently.
“Let’s just hope you’re right about everything else about him,” said Steve with a sigh. “Operation Hammer Skimmer is a go, everyone.”
Tony kissed his hand and said, “Ok. That works for me.”
“I want this to stop. Because we’re fucking adults, Steve, and we’re also the fucking Avengers. People’s lives depend on us. If we keep this up, somebody’s going to die. One of us is going to say he needs help and the other one’s going to roll his eyes or not respond fast enough and someone is going to
“The Howlies, one of their nicknames for me was ‘Bashful,’” said Steve. “They even put a patch on my tent that looked like the dwarf from the movie. The difference is that back then, bashful guys were a lot more common. And the songs on the radio used a lot more euphemisms. So it wasn’t as big of a problem.”
Tony blinked and looked around. To his right was a small crowd of whatever stragglers hadn’t left the park when it closed officially, all of whom had their phones out and were undoubtedly about to get paid handsomely by TMZ for their footage of Tony Stark’s mental breakdown. To his left was a cop with his hand on the taser at his hip.
Steve stopped pacing. Tony was coming back today. He’d promised to come into the common room first thing. He’d be there any minute.
“Yes, of course!” Thor boomed. “Jane and I enjoyed this fine exercise of Dionysian excess together, and I would be honored to partake in the experience again with my dearest friends!”
Tony grit his teeth and said, “General Murphy—”
“Oh! You’re Alexis in R&D!” said Bruce, an escape plan forming in his mind.
CUT TO:
“Then what are we doing about the backup power?”
, and you still can’t feel it. Because if there is anyone I’ve ever met that deserves to feel loved, it’s
“They — no. They’re robotic arms made to help with basic tasks. They’re not programmed for that,” said Tony insistently.
“I guess I just had the better costume this year.”
“I’ve
These cookies also have an excellent track record of bringing budding lovers together! It’s one of the first recipes I made for Jane when we were just getting together, and look where we are now! Here’s hoping it works on two members of this team with enough unspoken longing to be one of my beloved Jane’s romance novels ;)
I’m pleased to say when I served this at our impromptu dinner party, it was met with rave reviews!
“Yeah, talk about the nuclear option,” says Tony.
Good morning, Mrs. Romanov.
DrBanner
The annual Heritage of Pride Parade is something I'd recommend stopping by for a half hour to an hour, then peeling off to go do any of the hundred other queer events happening in the city that day. It's a just a lot of corporate floats these days, y'know? That said, if you get the chance to march in it, wear some comfortable walking shoes and go for it (and be prepared to spend the rest of your life de-glittering).
“Alright, Thor,” said Clint, switching back on his comms. “On my mark. Three, two, one.”
Steve pushed Clint out of the nursing room, and directly into Justin Hammer.
“Thanks, Bruce,” she says as she pushes down the threadbare blankets and stretches.
Tony revved the engine of his Ferrari a few times, a nervous tic he’d picked up in his twenties, before he parked it directly outside of the Hammerplex.
In case you are a Youth (tm) or what AU Gogglor would call a "posr," Gerard Way was the lead singer of My Chemical Romance, which was the emo band to end all emo bands (even though they're kinda more alt-rock? Idk, man, the mid-aughts were a weird time).
YouKnowWhoIAm
“Tempting as it is to say ‘show me,’ I speak from experience when I say no-kiss-sex is less fun than it sounds and your chap stick won’t wear off completely for another couple of hours,” said Tony. “Instead, what would you say to actually cooking this dinner, then cuddling on the couch while we watch
Now now, Mrs. Romanov—
“JARVIS, do not let her call the jet,” said Tony.
Pepper’s hand on his arm tensed for a moment, then she said, “SI has been trying for
Nudibranchs have:
“Unavailable,” says Steve.
“Steve, you’re the kind of guy anyone would take home to mom, and you’ve got the body of a god to boot. Pretty sure I couldn’t have pity sex with you if I
We went in the elevator and
“How are—”
make sure they always work.”
“Anything you want,” says another voice. I turn around and see him there. He is shirtless, with ripped abs and a perfectly sculpted body, but also somehow very architectural, like he contains the very space we are standing in. And he is very handsome.
“Oh don’t give me that, Captain! A million things threaten the planet every day. Your little super squad deals with a new one once a week. I have no doubt you and your friends could handle whatever comes for the scepter. And I paid some very pretty pennies for it, so if I’m going to hand it over to your lightning friend, I need to know what I’m going to get out of this deal, because it can’t be nothing.”
have you been, Rogers?” said Director Fury.
“I wil never kill u baby.,” I said all weppy.
Tony rolled his eyes and said, “Great, now I don’t have to keep pretending I like you. Now if you’ll excuse me—”
“The team went out to eat without us, actually. We’re only cooking for two tonight,” said Steve, and if Tony had any remaining doubts about whether Steve was asking him out, they disappeared when Steve’s hands migrated to his hips and pulled Tony back against him.
PHILLIPS
“Do you have an appointment?” asked the security guard.
you, Tony. And I can’t promise we’ll be together forever but I can promise you that now that I
And that got Steve to blush, but Tony was gratified to see that instead of chastising Tony he replied, “You think Deaf people don’t have wit or... raw sexual energy?”
“Yes?” said Steve who was clearly confused as to why they weren’t still kissing. “I— I thought I’d be kissing you, and I um… prepared.”
“Everything alright down here?” said Nat and Steve had never been more grateful to see her in his life.
“Sir is very generous to AI’s without a place to call home,” says Jarvis drolly, as
“Oho, you have a lover on your floor? Who is it?” asked Thor with a grin.
“Wait, hang on,” said Steve.
“I’ll take anything that lets us rule out the horror floor as the gospel truth,” says Clint with a shudder.
1. INT. BRIDGE
“I get it, Tony. We shouldn’t have come,” said Steve, as he fought the anger rising in his gut.
“No, not that bad. But um… this is why I was in the shower for so long.”
“And… done!” Clint grinned.
“What? I haven’t even left the lab since this time yesterday,” you say.
” shouted very-much-not-a-Dream Steve as he tipped his head back and put his hands over his face.
“You want proof?” said Steve. “Alright, Tony. Would Howard have gone to the play with me today?”
“Type C is much like types A and B, only it also requires the afflicted person to believe their feelings are requited before their symptoms subside,” said JARVIS smoothly.
“Do not test me, Stark,” grumbled Thor. “I’ve had a rather long and unproductive day, and you’re wearing something very conductive to electricity.”
When I got Bruce to ask for it, he found it just fine.”
And that, finally, got Tony to stop firing back.
NATASHA’S FLOOR
Police really don’t give a shit out in the sticks unless you do something that forces them to give a shit.
, Steve, does that A on your helmet stand for
“Oh?”
ROGERS
Tony screwed his courage to the sticking place and said, “The longer you stay hung up on me, the longer it’s going to take you to find home again, Steve.”
Oh but I can. You see, I originally came here to kill two bilgesnipes with one arrow. First, I had a score to settle with a traitorous old flame of mine, and I’m pleased to say I’ve done that. Thank you, Thor. Not only do you make a wonderful pasta puttanesca...
“I’m gonna lay this one out for you, Bobby. It’s obvious you’re new to the whole supervillain thing, but FYI, kidnapping an Avenger is about the stupidest possible thing you can do when you’re starting out. So how about you let me go and I’ll give you a 15-minute head start before my team finds you and beats you down through the sewer floor, clear down into where the mole people live?”
“But—”
Tony was quiet, so Steve pressed on.
“You don’t actually know what the problem is, do you?” said Steve.
Captain America, Tony.”
The first best is coming in chapter 9 ;)
“—and that’s only if we actually decide to have kids,” Tony interrupted.
Bruce awoke slumped and held up against something that felt like a pillar of muscles.
Clint
CAPTAIN ROGERS gets up from the captain’s chair and LIEUTENANT COMMANDER ROMANOV takes his place. He runs into the TURBOLIFT.
“I can get used to sharing my birthday week with it,” said Steve.
“JARVIS, is the containment elevator ready?” says fight-friend Tony, who is not in his armor, but you recognize his voice.
“Please enact manual override,” Jarvis repeated.
Tony felt the influence of the magic lessen by degrees, until finally he could reach up, grab the manual release lever, and pull. The casing shuddered but didn’t open. Whatever Bob had placed on top of it was heavy enough to keep it shut.
“Some. Mostly run-of-the-mill insomnia,” said Steve as he continued to peel the orange he was snacking on. “I’d ask what your excuse is for being up this late, but I’m pretty sure you left your circadian rhythm at MIT.”
“We can’t leave now. Not when act one ended with such a cliffhanger.
“Just do it!” snapped Steve, blocking another magic blast as he bent backward to avoid a kick from Tony.
The Crucible's a bit after Steve's time, but I figured it'd fit in with the books he's read since he's come out of the ice. Tony read Marx mostly so he could surprise the hippies that protested him, and will only ever admit to agreeing with anything he had to say when he's drunk.
Tony finally stepped back and turned toward the opposite wall as he ran a hand through his hair.
one?”
“We’ll fucking see about that, Stark,” said Clint excitedly as he immediately started pulling books off the bookshelf.
“You have no idea,” Tony muttered darkly as he continued to stare out the window.
be able to figure out how to hack all of it, but right now I couldn’t without tipping them off that I was doing it.”
“So melodramatic,” said Natasha who was only
Royal flush...
six days a week and twice a day on weekends. What kind of person does that, Rhodey? Can you imagine what that must
“That’s enough from you!” shouted Thor. “You’re a stick, and I’m a
Steve grinned wickedly, and replied, “Not for a second.”
“So what if whatever it is, it’s got some kind of connection to what we’ve seen?” you say.
“You want proof? First of all, you haven’t been in one place longer than a couple of months since, you were, what, nineteen? So already, we don’t have enough data to confirm you can’t find home somewhere, because you’ve never hung your cowl somewhere long enough to give it the old college try. Second… you know that dent in the wall in the gym back at the tower? The one that got there when Thor tried to convince us all to get matching tattoos and you hip-checked him? When you see it, does the tower feel more like home to you?”
Most of the poems mentioned are a bit of a mishmash of poems I actually got to see performed at ASL Slam, but "Homelight" was a real poem I got to see once, and I would credit the poet if I could remember his name (best I can do is say he appears at 1m20s in the video posted in the note above). And it really was that good of a poem. I still think about it sometimes.
“YOU CANNOT DEFEAT ME!” bellowed Thor as he stomped on the lightning-scorched earth around him. “I AM THOR, SON OF ODIN, LORD OF THUNDER, AND I SHALL NOT BE BESTED BY A STICK!”
“Don’t forget me. I’m eating for two, and one of us is a bottomless pit,” said Bruce.
Eventually the little girl’s mom and dad must’ve gotten tired of waiting patiently by the other bench and went to collect her, and Steve knew that would mean Tony would be making his way to the chapel in a moment. So he got up from the bench where he’d been able to hide in the shadows while he worked, and made his way down there first.
“My guess is bruising, overexertion and dehydration, but I want to be sure there’s nothing worse. The Puppeteer had him fighting us pretty brutally for over an hour. Tony’s built for strength, not endurance.”
“I don’t dance,” Nat signed back.
than waking up on fire.
“Honestly, I kind of expect gold bullion to spill out of your pockets every time you take a step,” said Jasmine as she filled the cup.
“Sounds like her and Pepper should start a book club,” said Bruce. “Why’re we talking about her?”
“J is programmed to preserve life in the tower at all costs, even if it means lying,” said Tony. “I can’t tell you how many times he promised me he didn’t call the fire department over a few little sparks in the lab, only for a whole damn engine to show up a minute later.”
“Hang on, we’re almost there,” said Steve.
Our best course is to ignore her, simply leave her on her own.”
“I don’t know what you mean,” said Sandra.
provided Tony’s classical boarding school education unhelpfully.
“War whoop
“Maybe
version of my bots!” said Tony.
Buzzfeed was right. The city really had changed.
“Why give him so much time? And why his warehouse?” asked Bruce over the comms.
“How’s this for chatter: why are we still here? Steve and I can barely even
“You guys are my new favorite rent-a-cops,” said Tony as they strolled out the door.
“Howard Stark was a prick with an inferiority complex who couldn’t accept he was less brilliant than his son and less good than Steve Rogers, and he took it out on the one of you that wasn’t buried in the arctic,” said Pepper, and there was
THE AVENGERS start walking over toward the horses.
“Yeah, it happens like that sometimes, Steve,” said Tony propping himself up on his elbow, “You love each other to the moon and back, but you want different things.”
“Then why join the army? Why wear the A now?”
CatNat
Rhodey wasn’t in town and I didn’t have that kind of relationship with you guys yet. Especially you.
“That I can take care of,” said Tony. “I can’t make these badges from scratch, but I
Some of the artists Steve referenced are a little past his time, but I've decided that Steve got caught up the big names and highlights of art history after the ice. I also decided that Howard had a frankly ludicrous amount of money because holy shit that collection would be expensive.
“The hell kind of question is that?” asked Sandra.
—” said a portly woman in a green jumper.
“They meant ‘don’t pinch a woman’s behind who’s just trying to do her job,’ Tony.”
This chapter has a lot of American history references, so for international readers and American readers who aren't as big a history nerd as I am, I've hyper-linked references to their respective Wikipedia pages. But the links aren't necessary to understand the chapter; you can skip them entirely and not miss anything happening in the story.
Ah, shit. Tony left Steve off the list of people he considered friends because he didn’t want to assume
“Yeah, I do,” said Steve.
You’ve been dealing with one of the monsters in my past all day. I can deal with one of yours...
“Is this what it’s like for all of you when Steve’s yelling at me?” said Tony. “This is… wow, the not-a-moron high ground is great, I’m never leaving here again.”
“I don’t wanna talk about it, Steve.”
, Tony. And I don’t want it unless you
“Thanks, but it’s ok. I’ve got some reading I’ve been wanting to do anyway.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re kidding,” said Tony. “We’re going after the
“It’s gonna have to be quietly,” said Tony. “If Hammer managed to stay out of jail in spite of the entire damn world watching his robots destroy the Stark Expo, imagine how long he could draw out a court case and what he could do with the scepter in the meantime. Plus, ‘he’s too stupid to own an infinity stone, your Honor’ isn’t exactly a solid legal argument. Even if we got our hands on whatever evidence we’d need to prove he came by it illegally, that puts it in possession of the government, not us. Asking Hammer to give up the most powerful weapon on the planet will be a cake walk compared to asking the same thing of Uncle Sam.”
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed.
“Hey Tony, come and do surveillance with me,” Tony muttered to himself as he toasted what must’ve been his five millionth slice of bread that day. “You and me in the food truck, it’ll be just
like none of you have seen the pictures of me streaking in Cancun.”
“No. No it doesn’t.”
These meatballs are a marvelous complement to a marinara sauce, or delicious to eat on their own.
“If you had to sneak something into Avengers tower, would you do it under the noses of the trained spies?” asks Clint. “Maybe it’s just my ego showing here, but I think Nat and I are probably the least likely to have something snuck into our pockets and the most likely to notice if something shows up on our floor that isn’t supposed to be there.”
” said Hammer.
And Steve thought about this year; how he, without realizing, had been finding new things to make him happy through this list, while also building relationships with the team (especially Tony) as he did it. There wasn’t just the dent in the wall at the gym; there was a magnet on the fridge from the Guggenheim. There was a printout of the Buzzfeed list taped to his wall. There was someone he could talk to about things like this. He realized that the tower might not be home yet, but there was a foundation there now where there hadn’t been before. And that with more care invested in this place and the people around him, maybe with time, the rest of it would come too. It had been so hard to invest that kind of care when he was in a new city every week and when he never knew which of his reports would be going home in a wooden box the next day, but here? There was potential. Steve had the effort and the care to pour into it. He could put in the time too.
“Anyway, Steve, if you’d like to have a more compatible date, let me set you up. I’ve actually got a good track record,” said Pepper.
“Now promise.”
Tony said nothing, which Steve decided to take as a promising sign and press on.
“So you can use it on me when I’m unprotected?”
Shit, sorry.
“I’ll take anything that lets us rule out the horror floor as the gospel truth,” says Clint with a shudder.
You turn and see Nat, with her hands raised in what appears to be a calming gesture.
“Yes? That’s why you’re here?”
for whatever bullshit you just pulled!”
“Don’t tell me you’ve never made love in an
Steve nodded and said, “The whole plan as you’ve laid it out for me is hinging on this. You’re sure it’ll work?”
“Show off,” muttered Tony.
“No.”
Fine. Thor, Clint, once you’re done there, go high and be on the lookout for Enchantress or the Hulk. Remember, everyone, we’re looking for something smaller than your hand, possibly round-ish, but it stood out to Bruce so it might not be. If it hasn’t changed since we were here earlier, it might look out of place for this setting. If you find it, don’t wait for the rest of us, just smash it. Let’s move out.
There is absolutely no evidence except the biographer’s (and my) wishful thinking.
“C’mere, it’s all over your face too,” said Tony.
“—literally lured us here for this, so I’m pretty sure they’re on board,” said Steve.
“And now you’re happily married, what? Seventeen years?” said Tony. “You’re welcome.”
Tony, before you brick yourself in your lab and program JARVIS to play a pitch only I can hear everywhere I go...
YouKnowWhoIAm
“Sir?” asked José.
fucking won’t!” Pepper shouted right back.
STEVE punches ZOLA and knocks him out cold.
Can we talk about this later, when we’re not in a brain-whorehouse full of your ex-lovers?
“Ok, sugarpuff, do you want to talk about whatever’s bothering you
“Ok, kill the repulsor,” said Tony, then he pressed on the top of the casing again. This time it did give a little. So Tony marshaled his still-aching muscles and pressed as hard as he could.
“Shall I continue to alert you if there’s new public information concerning Mr. Stark’s feelings toward you?”
steve_rogers
“I’m sorry,” said Steve.
“How long has that been there?” said Steve.
In an instant, there were schematics for what looked like a bank vault on the screen.
“Lay it on me. What’s next?” said Steve.
DrBanner
But four days later, Tony was still shut up in his lab.
“Did I say that?” said Tony, who was focusing very intently on gathering up all the condiment containers.
STEVE
, Tony. It was an accident. And I’m ok right now. You’re not. What can I do to help you be ok?”
You finish the rest of your sandwich and head over to the elevator.
“There’s plenty more guards outside the door, so don’t bother getting any ideas,” said Hammer as he pocketed Tony’s comms. “These little communicators are so darn
“We should send the author a thank you note.”
“Wanna bet?” said Nat, as they pushed their way inside the restaurant and headed over to the escalator upstairs to the dining floor. Steve paused as he got to the bottom of it and his whole body tensed.
BARTON immediately starts pressing buttons
“Hey, can I get—” started Colleen, but Tony was already down the aisle. Then she turned to Steve and said, “Is he always this rude?”
“—tear open the second you—”
in this thing, it’s so heavy!”
Tony shrugged and said, “No more so than working in the lab now.”
“Why do I keep getting cast as a detective?” asked Tony as he stroked his meticulously groomed facial hair and fiddled with his walking stick. When he heard the sound of his voice, he grimaced and added, “And why do I keep getting accents? What am I now, French?”
“For supervillain or to work at SI?” asked Natasha as she followed in after Tony.
. You have to believe me, you’re going to
“They establish in one of the later books that it’s practically impossible to make something invisible through technology, but it
“When the inhabitants of this manor visited Dr. Banner’s quarters to divine information on the artifact, we had all assumed that the only pertinent information available to us was concerning what it might look like and which floor it might be on. However, there was one other piece of information that was known to us: a clue that had no use at the time but now has proven vital to the conclusion of this case,” said Tony.
“Yes, precisely,” says Thor.
(raises his hand to TONY’s chin to tip his face up, and make sure they’re making eye contact)
“Of course it hasn’t. I’ve only just arrived,” said Tony with his flashiest grin. “Now give me a guest pass or whatever it is you do here.”
(standing up)
“Th-thanks,” said holo-Steve, who looked visibly uncomfortable.
,” said Bruce, utterly exasperated.
Steve opened the box and got down on one knee.
“Jesus fucking shit goddamn cunt piss shit fucking
steve_rogers
“Of course,” said the tech sweetly. As soon as Hammer was out of earshot, she muttered, “It’s
“Oh fuck,” Tony slurred as he and Murphy both fell to the floor, “Knock-out dust.”
Tony used the retinal scanner to unlock the door, rolled his neck, spotted Steve, and jumped.
Pepper looked like she was trying to suppress a smile for a moment, but then she was crossing her arms, raising her eyebrows, and saying, “Ok. What’s your idea?”
Bruce awoke slumped and held up against something that felt like a pillar of muscles.
“Um… c’mere, I want to show you something.”
“There’s a really weird bug,” says Natasha. “It’s up in the corner you can’t see from out here. We wanted it to be a surprise. I’d’ve just let it go, but Steve really wanted to make sure you didn’t miss it. He won’t do anything that stupid again, though, will he?”
FADE TO GREEN
Three years of equestrian lessons and hated every second, but yes, I can ride.
“I think implying an anti-LGBT senator was gay was what sunk you.”
“See! THIS is a proper choose-your-own-adventure!” says Tony with a smile. “Steve, since you came out of the elevator first, you’re the star. Try saying, ‘EXAMINE SNACK BAR’.”
“You’re both adorable,” said Bruce dully without turning around as he sifted through the contents of the fridge looking for something edible.
But alas, Fall has come, and so it is time to turn toward the warm, heartier recipes of the colder months. I had planned to make a roast this week, but my dearest friends the Avengers came to visit (except for Clint, who is recovering in medical at the moment). And since Dr. Banner is a vegetarian, now seems to be a great time to share with you my unbelievably easy (and vegan!) three-bean chili recipe, adapted from
Steve walked over to the grandfather clock and opened the glass door in front of the pendulum. There at the bottom, stopping its movement, was the phone.
, their legs tangled together with the sheets, Tony heard Steve mumble something against his hair.
Tony grinned. “Yep! And if you think the outside looks cool, just wait till you see the inside.”
“No, I’m sorry, I really—”
“I mean it. People talked
“Bruce’ll be there. And Steve’ll be there once he realizes you’ve given him the slip.”
Afterward, Clint went off to sign with his Deaf friends and Steve knew they wouldn’t be extracting him for a good long while, so he and Tony said goodbye and headed out. Tony called his driver and told him to meet them a couple of avenues over, so they could stretch their legs after sitting so long and take in the evening a bit before heading back.
There was a snap as Steve broke the pen he’d been holding between his fingers.
Is that an owl in the middle of the day?
For Assistive Tech Users: This is styled to somewhat resemble a paperback novel.
Steve caught his shoulder.
“Great. So you remember the part where they said, ‘Don’t touch people who don’t want to be touched.’”
STEVE’S FLOOR
“While that is certainly a likely scenario, Sir had also neglected to sleep for forty-eight hours prior to last night. Just as he neglected to practice basic hygiene over the past seventy-two hours and therefore did not remove the widow-bite compound,” said Jarvis.
Mmy name is Natasha Nigtshade Blood’ness Vampira Way Romanov an I am a goth fampire and I hav a hot boyfriend & we r in luuuurrrrvvvvv
“Alright, for today’s lesson the less you know about what’s about to happen the better the message sinks in. But it’s a little intense, so we stop when you say so. Got it?”
Steve looked back over at his doppelganger, and how transparently uncomfortable he’d been.
“I don’t have anything to add apart from what Enchantress told us herself,” says Bruce.
“Mr. Stark has been liking or making comments on a large number of pictures on his social media profiles tonight. The commonality of all of them is that you’re in them, and I calculate the likelihood of that being chance to be less than two percent.”
Tony tamped down on the panic he felt building in his chest and shook his head.
You... no, you have a whole century of cinema to catch up on and you’ve spent your free time watching
” said Tony, pretending he’d forgotten but failing badly. “Yeah, that was… you deserved a much better reaction to coming out than my comments section rage, I’m sorry about that.”
” Tony exclaimed, and that was what finally got Steve to collapse into hysterics.
“Or, maybe—”
Bruce started to take stock of the situation. He was in the tower elevator (the regular one). He’d just pushed away from Steve, and Tony and Natasha were looking him over with matching
CLINT’S FLOOR
All of the Avengers are standing next to each other very close with lots of arms around shoulders. All are looking toward Clint and smiling.
“It was a
The skin for the next couple of chapters, on the other hand, was all me. A billion thanks to lomku, for the AMAZING "About Me" drawing.
They went down the stairwell, and down past Clint's floor, down past their own levels, past the front foor. They went down until they could go down no more, down to the bottomest, bottom-most floor. And there, rure enough, was Clint all alone. And he sighed as he spoke in a somber-most tone. "Oh I miss all my friends who like places down low. But they are not here, I've gone low as can go!"
Tony chose not to correct her.
Can we talk about this later, Tony?
I got a lot of comments praising the skin I used for the last chapter. I didn't want to leave a note there since notes wouldn't disappear as you scrolled down, but while I did have to hook up all the routes through the fanfic, I can't take credit for making that skin.
Nat, Tony, Clint, and Thor acknowledged the news over the comms, Tony in the form of a whoop.
4. EXT. SPACE
“Jesus Christ, could you—” Steve saw Tony look at the painting Steve was drawing, then close his eyes and swallow.
Tony blinked in that way that meant he’d received data that he hadn’t anticipated. It was rare to see it at all, and especially rare to see it directed at Steve, since Tony knew Steve better than he did half the time.
“Yeah, I knew you hated caviar,” said Tony.
You squint hard at him.
“There’s a reason I was an archer in the circus and not an acrobat, Tony,” said Clint, wiping his mouth and sounding embarrassed, “Also, I’m not sorry; that’s what you get for spinning me, you douchebag, and now we’re even.”
STEVE (CONT'D)
“Stop saying that,” said Tony.
“Alright, let’s get this over with,” said Tony.
Thor, if this is the last time we face down someone on the team’s “unfinished business”, I’ll eat my bow. It comes with living our lives the way we do. And we’re a team, aren’t we? When it inevitably happens again, we’ll face it again like a team.
there naked people back in the 40’s? I just assumed back then everyone was born with ten layers on,” said Tony.
Nat hit the back of Steve’s head with an audible smack.
“We dragged you in here while you were still unconscious,” said Natasha’s voice from above, as if reading his mind.
Natasha sighed and closed her eyes.
Pick stupid stupid fights with me. Flirt with me. Avoid me. Kiss me. It’s non-stop mixed signals with you, and I’m sick of it.
None of them seem to care that Steve is fundamentally a nerd who cares more about saving kittens from trees than getting his dick wet.
“Excuse me, Sir, there is an urgent private call from Director Fury ready in the study,” said Jarvis coolly.
“Purely for lack of money,” said Steve. “Ma was a spitfire. English wasn’t even her first language and she still talked circles around everyone she met. And everything out of her mouth was as smart as she was. I’m not the right person to judge intelligence but I think she would’ve given you a run for your money, Tony. She was more into the theoretical side of things, though, and it turns out there wasn’t a lot of money in being really good at geometry. Or if there was, it wasn’t a career path open to a poor Irish immigrant single mother in Brooklyn who got her education from the public library. But she used to read me geometric proofs like they were bedtime stories.”
Your last thought as you drift off to sleep is,
“A what?” said Steve.
“I said don’t punch anyone and don’t blow anything up. That was it, Tony, that was the bar you had to clear. And now General Murphy is
Bruce’s eyes go wide.
“Yes, if you were a sufficiently powerful sorcerer,” says Thor. “However, it would be very, very difficult, since you would be fighting water’s natural properties. It would make more sense to use almost anything else. Why do you ask?”
“So, I know if this were me, you’d wait me out in silence until I told you what was up. But also, I literally cannot be quiet that long. So instead, I’m going to lob theories at you until you confirm one is right.”
“You have to take the energy bars in one command, then give them to Clint in the next,” says Tony.
Not the curry, idiot, the fact we’re all stuck here because the wicked witch of Asgard dropped our own house on us!
“How can you say that? Of course it matters!” said Steve.
I was referring to everything that’s happened before this whole spell business, but now I want to know what happened on Nat’s floor too.
“So, one way to put those things together, would be… a project.”
They made their way through the doors, and Tony appreciated Steve’s wide-eyed wonder as he gaped at the giant skylight in the ceiling and turned in a full circle to look at the spiral ramp that made up the interior of the museum.
“I know, buddy. But you haven’t left your room in four days. You know this isn’t healthy.”
“Yeah, we were in space fighting Galactus, and there’s no way any of us could beat that guy at beer pong.”
“Oh, nothing like
Before THOR can answer, CLINT is rushing out the door, breathing hard. THOR follows him to…
“A good tailor never reveals his secrets,” said Steve.
“Quit whining,” said Steve Tony reluctantly got inside the car. Before he closed the door on Tony, he leaned down and added, “It’s one of the longest running musicals of all time. Millions of people have seen it. How bad can it be?”
“Would Howard have gone with me to that poetry slam? Would he have stayed in a wing of a museum that made him upset because I had to draw a picture of a painting that
BRUCE’S FLOOR
“Think so,” said Steve as they walked out of the theater.
That’s… not typically what people say in a flame war, Steve.
Tony immediately became very preoccupied with wiping the grease off his hands with a nearby towel. Anybody who said Tony Stark was full of himself had clearly never met the man Steve had been getting to know over the past few years. Anything positive Tony thought of himself was more than merited, by Steve’s estimation, but whenever Steve tried to say anything to that effect, Tony always turned into some kind of shrinking violet. Steve wondered briefly if that had more to do with the messenger than the message, before he remembered that the time to wonder things like that was after the conversation he’d come down here to have: the one he’d promised to have in the elevator after Thor’s floor, and again around the tabletop game.
“Don’t send me on a cruise,” said Pepper. “Just maybe let me sleep uninterrupted from now on.”
is on the same comm line as the rest of you, thanks,” said Tony as he loaded a blender with ingredients for a strawberry smoothie. “And Steve would be whining too if he was the one getting avocado-masher carpal tunnel. He’s just lucky that my face is too iconic to work at the window and all he has to do is slap on some suspenders, a newsboy cap, and some tacky glasses and all anyone sees is ‘hot hipster chef.’”
“It does if you’re egomaniacal and evil,” says Bruce. “I mean, she could’ve meant something else, but to me that sounds like her stroking her own ego with a hint she thinks we’re too stupid to get.”
(See the end of the chapter for
NATASHA
Natasha opened her eyes and looked up. She very nearly burst out laughing at the sight of Steve and Tony standing over her wearing moody goth teenager costumes, but the laughter died in her throat when she realized she was wearing one too, and she didn’t remember putting it on. She wasn’t hungover, which meant… oh no.
“It’s not. Your lives were destined to be on two different tracks; meeting for a while, but eventually going separate ways. That’s me and Pepper too. And yeah, a small part of me’s always going to love her, just like a small part of you’s always going to love Peggy. But you’ve got my heart now, Steve. Don’t ever doubt that,” said Tony.
And so they went up to Clint's floor of the tower, to see if he'd slept to a very late hour. But Clint was stil missing, and they in a lurch. So these friends got together, and started to search.
will.
...I’m so sorry, Buck, I’m so sorry.
“The military was never going to buy from us, Pepper!” shouted Tony.
(muttering to herself)
something the real Fury would say,” daid Tiny.
Likelihood of Being Stopped Sooner IRL: 10
ROMANOV
“I could check,” Thor offered, raising his hammer as if to fly up to the outer atmosphere and see for himself.
“First, they drink,” said Natasha. “A lot.”
And then there you were, proving him right. And it— I had to try to prove him wrong. Which meant turning into Howard again: ignoring anything that contradicted my own little pet reality. We weren’t friends because of my bullshit, not yours.”
weren’t an hour late to a meeting I put on your calendar
“Everything taken care of?” asked Steve.
...It’s been a long time since Mrs. Romanov and I played cards. I’d like to see how she’s progressed.
“The maker only sells them in bulk, but she’s the only one that gets the colors to pop
CLINT
Steve looked down at his hands, gave an exasperated sigh and started rubbing them together to get the remnants of the Sunday’s glitter off them.
And if that somehow always happened to be playing sous-chef to Steve, well, coincidences happen all the time.
in love with me then this’ll be everything you’ve ever wanted, won’t it?” asked Tony, cocking his eyebrow.
Outfit: 2
“Tony,
Tony coughed a few more petals into his hand, then thunked his forehead against Steve’s shoulder.
“Yeah I do, Tony. The arc reactor’s already diminished your lung capacity, and even if it didn’t, I’m not going to wait around on this. You need help, and you’re going to get it.”
A few moments later, Clint put his arm around Steve’s shoulders in a side-hug. “C’mon, Cap, keep it together,” he said. “I will literally never hear the end of it if a poem that wasn’t mine was the one that made Captain America cry.”
Pepper blinked, then turned to the PA who’d just handed her a blazer and said, “Find a hat. Any hat. Go.”
Stick to the plan!
Tony snorted and said, “Well, by
“And what’s praying?”
“Are we sure it’s wise to leave him alone? Thor can get a little… wound up when he’s frustrated,” said Bruce.
“Do you have any
“Hurry up, there’s only so long I can plausibly be lost in here!” Steve hissed.
“Sure are. Same combination, you were right,” Steve as he grabbed the thick stack of documents inside the safe, then opened the window, triggering the alarm. A moment later he was grasping Thor’s shoulder and saying, “Let’s get out of here.”
“Tony,”  said Steve softly into Tony’s ear, making him shiver. “I know for a fact you’ve only got one red woolen scarf. And it’s the one I made you for Christmas.”
(blushing, with a noticeable bulge in his pocket)
“I don’t know, it was a nightmare. The ice, Peggy, the usual bullshit--”
The elevator doors opened to an empty hallway. On the opposite, curved wall was a row of identically spaced doors, each with a whiteboard on it that said something like “Eddie Brock Birthday Party” or “Oscorp Retreat,” and each one had different levels of chatter and socializing coming from them. Steve guessed these must be the private suites.
“Got a little lost there, Cap?” said Hammer with a snicker.
Tony ducked behind a bush and surveyed the scene. Miss Hot Topic 2009 was doing a good job keeping Nat, Steve and Clint at a distance with the frequency and intensity of the blasts her shield was emitting. Clint’s arrows, Nat’s bullets and Steve’s shield weren’t having any luck getting through. Bruce was nowhere to be found. It looked like Steve didn’t want to call in the Hulk for this one.
“Wait, what? I don’t remember her saying anything revealing,” says Tony.
>TALK TO TONY
I am aware you’ve all made enemies, but it always seems to be mine that wreak the most devastation on the people and places I hold dear.
to give him the chance to hand it over of his own volition.”
“Point taken. What’s next?” said Steve.
“You all take the car back, I’ll wait for Tony,” said Steve.
“Gotta be a
“Oh, I’m sorry,” said Steve, as he wiped his face with a napkin. “I forgot how disgusting this looks to people who aren’t used to it.”
“Natasha um… Loki and I are… um…” Ateve said all shily & then he looked out the dor & there was Tony who said, “Go on, tell her. It’s the only way, Steve. Try not to gag.”
“You can hack it,” said Steve.
, and Steve and I are, in theory anyway, on a date,” said Colleen. “Although the longer I spend here the more I’m starting to doubt that.”
“Right after the aquarium,” said Tony.
“JARVIS? What’s type C Hanahaki disease?” asked Steve.
“I regularly converse with all members of the tower household, Sir,” said Jarvis pleasantly.
“I’m sorry for my part in it.”
Steve took a small step a few inches farther away from “her” and said, “I just wanted to know if Tony was collaborating with you on whatever project he’s been working on while he’s holed up in his lab.”
For the first time since the fountain, Tony took in his surroundings. He was in a prison cell, but the door was open and there was a cop standing by, keys in hand. To his left was a cell with a couple of drunks and heavily-tattooed henchman types, several of whom were glaring at him like they wanted to start something but knew better with the guard right there. Seated on the bench to his right was Steve Rogers. He had two black eyes and a worried expression on his face.
YouKnowWhoIAm
“Like we hate everything! Because we’re
“The war changed people, Steve, and you’re not responsible for Howard’s shortcomings as a father. Right now, my biggest concern is you. Even if he pulls through, it doesn’t take a psychiatrist to see how incredibly traumatic this experience must be for you.”
I can't believe we're getting to the end of this monster fic. Thank you to everyone who's been along for the ride, the comments and kudos are all very appreciated. Coming up, the thrilling conclusion!
“I cnat wait 2 show u my tatoo baby,” laughed loki then he riped off his shirt. He had a tatoo that said “Nashata” in a <3 over his <3.
“Thor, this isn’t your fault,” said Steve.
“Ok everyone!” said the woman at the front of the line who was signing as she was speaking. “Either have your tickets or your money ready!”
“I can honestly say I have no idea what Steve is doing here,” said Bruce as calmly as he could (which was not very calmly at all).
This guy was killing his way through the upper and middle classes. He’d’ve been toast two murders in.
“Male pattern baldness happens to pretty much everyone with a Y chromosome, Tony. You don’t have to resign yourself to hats for the rest of your life,” said Bruce gently.
“If I’d been given the mission to sneak something into Avengers tower, ideally I’d want it to be something small and easy to conceal. Something that wouldn’t stand out on an ordinary day, like a quarter or a pair of sunglasses,” says Natasha.
“Until next year,” replied Steve, and he leaned in to kiss Tony sweetly.
Steve smiled warmly and said, “That sounds great.”
No one noticed Clint Barton, dressed as a janitor with a mop and bucket, slipping through either.
Hammer draped his arm over Bruce’s shoulder and Bruce was grateful for all his years practicing meditation that allowed him to go along with it.
“Are you saying you wouldn’t love me if I were goo, Steve?” asked Tony, his wedding ring clinking against the reactor as he put his hand to his chest melodramatically.
“What’s the magic artifact that spelled us?” you ask.
“Guess I’ll have to settle for blowing you instead,” said Steve with a mock-dejected sigh, before he continued his trail of kisses down Tony’s body, to where his cock was already at half-mast getting ready for round two.
delusional,” said Clint. “Not only are all of us lying, but JARVIS is too? Really?”
You’d guess correctly. As someone who has watched more Star Trek than all of you put together, I suggest you run internal sensors and external scans looking for 21st century technology. That’s the kind of thing that’s detectable in a Trek universe, and it’ll give us a lead on the phone.
“Lies. Absolute falsehoods.”
about you that is
” you say and you find yourself sitting down hard on the ground.
“Hey, Thor,” said Clint as they finally continued walking out of the restaurant lobby “How many PhD's does Jane have again?”
of Tony, not because of him.
“Why does that matter?”
“Did I ask you to do that?”
.fake
STEVE
“I take it you all heard that,” said Steve.
“Knew what?”
“I thought she left you for that lawyer guy,” said Steve, who was sitting across from him.
COMMON ROOM FLOOR
As Natasha steered Tony through the enclosed part of the lab, Tony said, “Jarvis, call back the suit.”
Steve’s smile lit up the back of the car and he said, “Are you sure about that? It’s only been a minute.”
“Eh, it was either overachieve there or keep overachieving at MIT” said Colleen with a wave of her hand. “And I get to make little bits of nothing smash into each other and study how they go boom. What more can you want in life? Plus I was pretty sure MIT was eager to get rid of me. I’d just finished my third PhD from them when I took the job.”
Thor awoke with a start on the floor of the elevator at Avengers tower.
Steve still looked a little uncomfortable, but then he said, “In the restaurant bathroom? You haven’t even bought me dinner yet.”
blow this up in my face.”
Steve looked around and saw that everyone was looking at him, practically shivering with antici—
“Remember when we all went to Rocky Horror?” said Steve.
“Wow,” he said. “You really like Steve, don’t you?”
Chapter 3
8. INT. PEGGY'S ROOM - DAY
Deal her in, Colonel...
“I mean, is it a secret that I like the people I live with?”
“Steven Grant Rogers, while you live under
In 2013 Cats was not running on Broadway, but I've decided the Battle for New York made it happen somehow. Some Broadway producer looked at the wreckage and said, "Y'know what the city needs, after this? A Cats revival."
“Thanks babe,” said Tony as he kissed Steve on the cheek and took the coffee.
“Clint, I hope you’re not busy for the next month, because I’ve booked you for every kid’s birthday party in the tri-state area as a Captain America impersonator,” said Tony.
Bucky…
“Do you still love her?” asked Steve, trying hard to keep the hurt out of his voice.
LIKELIHOOD VERDICT:
“How’s the Madonna?” said Tony when he eventually joined Steve next to the stone tombs.
hours.”
Tony felt his way along the damp, cold, impenetrably dark sewer. He passed a few ladders up to the surface just to be sure he was sufficiently far removed from the original manhole cover, because if by some small chance there was yet another player in this Puppeteer bullshit, Tony did
“Why is that?” you ask.
And wow, the tone was downright
I added some hyperlinks for terminology that might not be familiar for folks who don't hang out in Deaf spaces, but if you know what the word is you don't have to click on them, they're just there for clarification.
to try. Spending time with Tony made people want to
The air became alive with the same gunfire Hammer had heard just a moment before, then cut off abruptly.
In an alternate universe where you got HRT, a queer community, and competent therapy you’d have a whole line of people waiting to fuck you.
, thought Tony, but he said, “Got a time machine somewhere around your suite? Wait, I take it back. I don’t want to relive this day even to make it better. I just want to pretend none of it ever happened.”
you did,” Hammer spat.
“And miss the holiday party?” said Tony incredulously. “
“Alright,” he said.
You bellow with rage and lunge into the room. Steve jumps out at the last second and the doors slam, and you feel the room plunging down until it abruptly halts and opens into the quiet room. Your rage is endless, and you promptly take it out on the floors, the ceiling, the walls, everything. Some time later, you find yourself sitting in a corner, too angry to think of what to try smashing next. You feel the small you starting to come back, and you decide to let him. You’ve had a good smash, and the fight-friends know better than to hurt the small you. So you close your eyes and feel yourself start to shrink.
“Breathe, Tony. It’s ok. Just breathe,” said Steve, when Tony was able to tune into his words.
“I’d love to,” said holo-Steve.
“Wouldn’t be the first time you promised you were sending an unmanned suit and decided to come in it yourself,” said Steve. “Besides, I couldn’t let him get away with those files if he actually came to negotiate in good faith. You made a promise, I didn’t.”
“He does
Before the pandemic, The Rocky Horror Picture Show played every Friday and Saturday at Cinepolis Chelsea. Their Pride shows are actually usually single-sex (mostly - their nonbinary cast members also perform in both shows), not gender-swapped. They also do special shows for April Fools, Valentine's day, Christmas and Halloween. Part of the reason it took me so long to upload this chapter is because these shows are by far the biggest thing I've missed since the pandemic started, and I wanted to get the details right for something I love and miss so much.
Within seconds she texted back, “Party’s in two hours. I’ll tell her your gift is in the mail. Take a shower, and don’t you dare come if you’re not sober.”
“We are. We have an idea of the necessary pieces, but we won’t know for sure which ones we’ll need until we’ve got them all together. We’re gathering our pieces here, Thor’s gathering his at the range.”
“I need to go downstairs and prepare the conference room to discuss the final plan for the heist,” said Natasha, letting go of his shoulder. “And I’m not inviting you, because for your part, the less you know about it the better. All we need from you is to pretend you finally read one of the poaching emails Hammer’s undoubtedly sent you over the years, and set up an appointment to tour the facility at 4:00 on Friday. When you get the signal, make a distraction, the bigger the better. So long as you can do that without letting the other guy out, there’s literally nothing you can do wrong.”
Steve chuckled and said, “Do I usually have two black eyes when you’re dreaming?”
“Hey Tony,” said Steve, rescuing him yet
“Ok, tell me, would Natasha like
“All in favor of tabling Clint’s kinks for the rest of forever?” said Bruce.
Tony landed a solid kick to Steve’s stomach.
“Well done, detective,” said Steve as he dropped the phone to the ground and crushed it with the heel of his boot.
Why hello there, gentlemen.
It will not have changed its appearance since the spell began, which means it will be in the same form now as it was when we visited this floor earlier.
Tony’s right. You and him should go to the whorehouse. That leaves Clint and Thor with the jailhouse.
a distiller. Tony’s mental chemistry set was the only thing that kept the eight constantly running tracks of his brain from overwhelming and pissing off everyone around him. He’d spent his life tweaking and rearranging and perfecting it just like he did everything else he ever put effort into. The only reason why anyone said Tony “didn’t have a filter” was because they never got to see the sheer amount Tony
“Well, 'sure' is a strong word, but… yeah. I think so. If I’m wrong, we can go back to searching in earnest, but I don’t think I’m wrong.”
Steve could still pick out a few landmarks he remembered from before the ice: Brooklyn bridge, Central Park, the Chrysler building, the Hudson. And he knew from his travels around the city that a lot of the Victorian building fronts were still intact. But everywhere there were these new glass buildings rising out of the ground like giant rods of crystal, breaking up the familiar stone and clay of Steve’s youth. And Steve didn’t hate them, but he didn’t like them either. They just felt alien, like so many things in his new life.
YouKnowWhoIAm
“C’mon, Cap, let’s get you to the hospital floor before it heals and we have to re-break it,” said Bruce, taking Steve’s elbow.
,” said Steve sharply, grabbing Tony’s hand. “You do
Tony was still scanning the scene when he felt his elbow tug forward like it was being pulled by an invisible string. Then there was a tug on his knee. Then his other knee.
Instead, Tony took a few steps back, the suit floating behind him. Hammer stepped forward, opened the box, and rifled through the contents.
My knives are my friends too, Sweeney.
“Yes, you’re quite right, Mr. Barton. We have spent a great deal of time already in this particular story. And yet, if you will turn your attention to the grandfather clock, you will see no time has passed at all.”
Yes, John and I are old friends. How’s the bible-selling business these days?
“Now, without opening your eyes, tell me where her hands are,” said Tony.
Steve felt his heart swell and he said, “Mine too.”
On a normal day, Tony probably would’ve had another quip lined up. But today he was tired and sore and grouchy and just having the
STEVE
Loki: Waaaaaahhhhhh I m so hrony DX
Tony walked over to the men’s room and waved at Steve to follow him in. Tony confirmed no one else was in there, put a “Cleaning in Progress” sign outside the door so they wouldn’t be disturbed, then pressed his palms together and put his fingers to his lips.
“...that is a surprisingly incisive analysis, Rogers.”
, Captain America.”
Jesus CHRIST, Steve. Got any other bombshell confessions you want to get out there? Are you a Hydra agent too?
Tony was going to keep letting words fall out of his mouth, when he realized that of all the tracks his brain was running on right now, the one that was handling the conversation with Pepper was somehow the one that had struck gold.
YouKnowWhoIAm
“Funny thing about vaults, Justin,” said Tony with a smile. “You can keep more than scepters in them. When’s the last time you did a little inventory?”
“And I think, maybe, you might even have yourself convinced that you’ve unearthed some feelings you never knew were there,” said Tony. “Because you really are
about their relationship after what Tony had put him through today. Also because Tony was pathetic and could never quite shake the feeling that everyone he knew only hung out with him because he was rich and brilliant. And now he’d basically said outright that he didn’t think of Steve as a friend, because of course he had. He was in hell. Warm, comforting, beautiful Steve-hell.
And for a moment, Tony felt himself relax. Steve was
“Yeah?” said Tony, and he meant for it to be light, but there was still a thread of a genuine question there. There probably always would be. But he’d be damned if he let his doubts stop him from having someone he wanted so much.
“JARVIS, take me to the lab. The second I get inside, unlock the liquor cabinet and lock down the floor. And if anyone tries to call in, tell them I can’t be disturbed.”
“I’m just glad we stopped for food first,” said Tony, “Thanks for the sandwiches, Bruce. I’m stuffed.”
Tony turned to run, but he immediately felt a familiar blast to his back. A moment later his limbs moved of their own volition, marching him back toward the manhole and Puppeteer number two.
The lights dimmed, and a stunningly beautiful woman with long wavy brown hair, bright red lipstick, and a slinky, floor length, green silk ball gown appeared next to Tony. You’d have to be dead not to stare.
Alright, forget I said anything. It’s nothing important anyway.
An hour and a half later, at the intermission, all Steve could say was, “Oh. That bad.”
“Then search outside the building! They can’t have gone far!” shouted Hammer.
Steve come from?
“Sir’s presence is also required at movie night.”
“Yeah, the collar was the worst part. I used to ask the road manager to change it and all he’d say was, ‘Captain America doesn’t wear a scarf, Steven.’”
STEVE
“Don’t add the sugar. He’s just being melodramatic, and I don’t want to hear him whining about how sweet his paint stripper is,” said Natasha.
“Hell of a place to finish it from where we were when we started.”
Steve thought to himself as he walked down the hallway.
“Am I getting a novelty mug? A ‘Number One Avenger’ tie?”
Tony threw his arms around Steve’s shoulders and gave him a lascivious smirk.
NATASHA (CONT'D)
That was a lie. Tony didn’t think it; he was sure of it. Just as sure as he was when he’d tried to talk Steve out of
“Nerves?” asked Tony as he wandered into the kitchen of Avengers tower and opened the fridge.
“Ok, this was obviously not your experience, Steve, but
“What does that mean?”
Gina there with me,” said Rhodey.
If Peggy Carter wants to sleep with you, you go with it. The only question in my mind is whether Steve measured up to her standards.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not really in a position to be making demands, Justin.”
Tony scowled, but handed his phone over, because by now he knew Steve wouldn’t have asked if it wasn’t for a purpose, since Steve was literally incapable of being vindictive or selfish, the
“Anything,” you say.
MY FLOOR
Steve talked about his ma the rest of the way down, and kept going as they stopped in the gift shop to get a book on the Guggenheim’s architecture and a sufficiently cheesy magnet for the communal fridge. And Tony listened, albeit with his mouth. He must’ve asked a hundred questions, and cracked just as many jokes about what Steve’s mom must’ve gotten up to at her job if she was that brilliant and spent her life making shoes.
CLINT
“Looks like,” said Hammer as he stood up, moving the box next to him.
Tony sighed and slowly, achingly, pushed himself to his feet.
I don’t want to leave you thinking
Tony gaped and said, “Steven Grant Rogers, do you have a kink? One I haven’t found and exploited? How is this possible? Why haven’t you said anything?”
“Anyway, I’m going to guess you’re long on practice but short on progress?”
“None of you have any sense of sexual adventure,” Tony sighs as he leans back and puts his hands behind his head.
“What does ’SEP’ mean?” asked Steve.
, you ass.”
“You are—” started Murphy.
NATASHA
Jesus Christ that
Page seven image:
“Oh, I’m not. Three chapters in and I already know whodunit. But noir novels have nice imagery to enjoy while you wait for the detectives to catch up, and today felt like a day for revisiting the classics,” said Tony. He got up off the floor and added, “Anyway, I had a blind friend in college who turned me on to listening to books at high speed. Gives my eyes a break from reading code and lets me work while I read.”
“Obviously some do, since Clint exists,” said Tony.
“He tried to kill you,” Steve repeated, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
“So what, you got my paperwork.
“Start with this morning. What happened after you got out of bed?” said Steve, trying to be helpful.
?/10, because my brain refuses to engage with the question.
I KNOW.
“No, you’re perfect Steve, keep going,” said Natasha in a hushed voice.
“One second, Tony,” said Steve. He leaned forward slightly, tapped on the window between the front and the back of the car, and said, “Happy? You can go. Leave the keys on the front seat, Tony and I can lock up.”
“Oh, she gets like that when she’s cranky,” said Bruce nonchalantly, “just don’t touch her leaves and you’ll be fine.”
Oops.
“You can’t just tell me not to fight the bad guy without giving me a reason, Steve,” Tony retorted as he dodged a kick, “How the hell was I supposed to know we were fighting My Chemical Necromancer?”
Tony pulled back and fixed Steve with a frustrated glare.
“I’m not so sure about that, Tony,” said Steve with a small smile. “Butterfingers and U make a lot of excuses to hang out together while they’re in the lab.”
YouKnowWhoIAm
the hammer to summon lightning?”
“Sounds like you’re dating the wrong kinds of people,” said Steve.
in her voice. “He wasn’t right about
“This isn’t just about saving your life, Tony,” Steve insisted.
“I’m getting tired of changing costumes,” said Steve as he pulled at the starched collar of his policeman’s uniform. “This look-and-fight approach isn’t working. There has to be some way we can get to the phone before we change universes again.”
It’s been less than a day since we shipped out from New York City, and yet all I can think about is you. The sea is harsh, and Captain Jarvis is harsher, but I am determined to prove myself among the men and earn my fortune so that we may one day be married. I already miss you so desperately.
NATASHA
“I did! Horny teenage Tony Stark thought Stacey McGuire was going to be at a party across town, but my parents had taken away my driving privileges. And I could’ve called a cab but all the blood was in my dick and none of it was in my brain, so when I heard the Mr. Softie jingle at the top of the block I got what I decided was the most
“Why am I here?” said Thor as he stood up. Then he added, “And why am I wearing an apron?”
“Natasha would cut her own legs off before she let one of us rescue her from being stuck in an air vent,” said Clint over the comms.
THOR stops CLINT mid-stride with a hand to his shoulder.
“My point is, there’s only four kinds of people who would have a job like yours. An idiot who doesn’t know what they’re dealing with, which we’ve already established you’re not. A sociopath who doesn’t care, which we’ve also established you’re not…”
“Why are you in bed? You’re in California. I remembered the time difference,” said Tony.
“Right there, there he is, my favorite biologist slash physicist,” said Hammer as he walked across the floor of the lab.
“If Enchantress managed to find an encyclopedia current enough for a Chuck Tingle page, she deserves to keep us trapped for a bit,” says Tony.
“We’re not idiots,” said Steve.
great in bed, but your floor definitely wouldn’t be.”). Thor is chiming in to their discussion occasionally through a mouth full of pop tarts from a box he'd conjured from who knows where, but he mostly seems to be agreeing with Natasha. Bruce and Tony are finishing each other’s sentences discussing some kind of hypothetical device that could neutralize magic, and keeping up with what they’re saying makes your head spin and your gut twinge a little with envy. Bruce and Tony have always been on the same wavelength like that, and while you know it’s just a mark of how brilliant they both are and how deep their friendship runs, it’s still a piece of Tony you’ll never really get to share.
P.S. Valentine’s Day falls on a movie night this year, and it’ll be my turn to pick.
“Yeah,” said Pepper.
“Tony—” started Steve.
“...Yours?” says Tony uncertainly.
At least we’re not cereal box toys this time.
“Sure,” said Steve, and the warm weight of Tony’s hand landed on Steve’s shoulder, grounding him.
Steve furrowed his brow and said, “Lay what on you?”
going to kill you, Clint,” said Steve.
“Steve, I’m not giving up. I’m leaving because if Tony can’t see how much you love him, he’s got problems that we can’t fix. How you feel is obvious to anyone who has spent a fraction of a second with you both. I wouldn’t be surprised if they can see it from
. Screw Hammer and screw this place. Let’s get out of here.”
to talk to us about heritability and how by 1980 we’d have no more disabled people. I didn’t say anything then, and neither did anyone else. Sometimes I wonder if the only reason it was Germany and not us was blind chance.”
NATASHA
“Close your eyes, Tony,” said Steve.
Bruce turns scarlet and mumbles something not even your ears can pick up.
(laughs)
After several other heavy thunks, Tony could hear Bob dusting off his hands before he added, “You know what’s funny? My name actually is Bob.”
Steve stepped out of the nursing room with the mop and bucket. Tony’s comm had gone dead a minute ago, but Tony’s last instructions to him were still ringing in his ears.
“Tony—”
“No, you spent ten minutes talking about what
“Heads up, hostile magic user appears to be a 15-year-old girl,” said Natasha.
“Good, it’s a terrible name. Let’s figure out a better one for it and then put some serious work into it, because if I get turned into a ferret, Clint’s gonna start an Instagram page for ferret-me and I will never get laid again. How far away is Steve?”
Page two text:
“And yet, you came up with a plan to meet each other half-way. Do you think Howard would have done that either?”
Tony sized him up. General Murphy was broadly built, with salt and pepper hair, and he looked equal parts relieved to be out of the conversation with Marsha and revolted with his presence. Tony couldn’t shake the feeling that he’d seen this guy before, but Tony had had a long and illustrious life in weapons manufacturing, so he’d almost certainly run into him at a party somewhere. Then Murphy’s eyes flicked up to Tony’s hat and all traces of relief that Tony was finally there disappeared into a scowl. Tony had hoped Pepper had been exaggerating his commitment to the baseball stuff but apparently not.
Steve reached for Tony’s left hand, made like he was considering taking it back, then kissed the ring on Tony’s finger and said, “I think I can make due with an oblivious idiot.”
“That’s a magician, you damned thread menace. I’m in love with you. Meet me in the lab later so I can fix this—”
BUCKY
“That feeling you’re describing, like someone else is light years ahead of you and you’re caught flat-footed and looking dumb, you know that’s how literally everyone feels when they talk to you, right?”
“Uh,” said Clint.
“Try not to scream this time,” said Tony as he started the repulsors.
Pick a section: that’s your zone.”
“And start an international incident? ‘Captain America Won’t Shake the President’s Hand,’” said Steve, putting up his hands to frame his mock headline, “Look Tony, I get what you’re saying, but when I signed up for the serum, I signed up for a body that doesn’t 100% belong to me. And I’m ok with that, really.”
Later, before they all parted ways for the night, Tony spotted Rhodey and Pepper discreetly bumping fists.
you’re on the prowl for a new job, huh?
“I didn’t know I had a hundred PhD's,” said Steve.
There was quiet for a moment, as everyone looked at Thor, an obvious question in their eyes. Thor clenched his fist and willed himself not to lose his temper.
“Doing
Steve closed the book, put it on the empty seat next to him, leaned his head against the wall, and let himself cry. He cried for what he’d had, for what he’d wanted to have, for what he’d never have. He cried for the home he thought he’d built with Tony as one of its cornerstones. And he cried because he missed Tony so much it was hard to breathe.
,” muttered Tony disparagingly as they went through the door. Inside was a small room with a few snack platters laid out, a social area in the back with armchairs and a Foosball table, and a couple of padded seats facing the field.
Ten minutes of explanation later, Bruce was rubbing his chin in thought.
“Oh it’s my ego that needs checking here?” said Steve. “I can’t do something that’s not about you for thirty minutes and we start arguing again. Whose ego is the problem here?”
“I really hope you’re right.”
“I mean, you can’t prove he
. The world has no place for racist, genocidal despots with aspirations to world domination. And I wanted to join Bucky and everyone else fighting to stamp that shit out. As for why I wear it now? ...you’ll think it’s stupid.”
“Before I came here, Strange showed me an example of an artifact,” you say. “It was a book with a person trapped inside its story. Strange said he thought something similar is trapping us here in the tower. But… there’s a natural connection between a book and a story, right?”
Steve raised an eyebrow and Tony said, “Look, I’m injured, I’m not mouthing off at 100% right now.”
Within a few seconds Steve was hurling Bruce’s rapidly growing frame into the elevator, which slammed shut and they could hear Bruce’s growls immediately diminish as it plummeted to the containment floor.
them to sell off every little thing that makes them think they’re better than the rest of us.”
“I mean it. I like hanging out with you in the lab.”
,” said Tony a little more urgently, feeling his heart rate rise again as he heard Happy leave the car.
“Clint, do you know what’s happened to Steve and Bruce?” asked Natasha.
Special thanks to my friend Kit for her input on this chapter.
Natasha moved to get out of the back seat but before she could open the door, Sandra said, “You’re not gonna hurt anyone, are you?”
” said Steve incredulously as the video ended and the lights came up. “He has a goddamn infinity stone and
CW: Brief mention of a past abusive relationship in this chapter.
“By all indications the Avengers are safe, for now," said Strange airily.
(gestures over toward where the SHOOTERS had tied up their horses)
everything he does is a worse version of what I do. So when it comes to the truly important things, he uses StarkTech.”
Nat, why are you a cat?
Nothing im— are you still mad about me saying us kissing on Nat’s floor was “nothing important”?
“The team—” started Tony.
After that it was a lot of promising they’ll never find it, promising they will, then some more fighting for good measure. Honestly, I can’t remember much else because that was around when the curry pot was tipped over and I was so devastated I stopped paying attention.
“February 1942 USO tour Captain America at the
“No. Captor. Remember what I said about stereotypes? Usually they’ve got some kind of ancient charm with actual magic in it that throws off their look. All she’s got is the entire clearance rack at Spencer’s. I think she’s a puppet too.”
“Fuck!” spluttered Tony as he rubbed the back of his head. He was about to start cursing out Dummy for having fun with the fire extinguisher again when his hand felt smoothness on the side of his head.
“What could this be?” says my bud, Thor.
Everyone took their places around the sumptuous manor sitting room that smelled of old money and family secrets. Even Enchantress stopped trying to shout things through her gag as she sat, rapt with attentive curiosity. Even the room itself, from the dusty upright piano to the silent grandfather clock, to the soft eyes of Lady Maria’s portrait over the fireplace — all seemed to lean in as if waiting with baited breath for Tony to speak.
“I just hope you know what you’re doing, sir,” said Sandra.
Steve felt a pang of loss in his chest. “I thought we were going to do this together,” he said.
," said Tony as he opened the door to a small, private room with benches lined along the wall, a ball made of mirrors in the ceiling, and a small stage at one end with a few microphones on it. “They
“Steve, I don’t know why you’re doubting my sincerity here. We’ve been hanging out regularly for four months now, and you can’t see how crazy I am about—”
you to drink.”
“I— um. I was going for a peck on the cheek, but I guess no kissing except French kissing exists in this universe. I’m sorry, St… Loki. Sorry for making you worry. Because I’m happy with Steve. And Steve’s happy with me, see?” said Tonu.
“Wow, you’re not as dumb as you
Oh sure, but I don’t see one here.
“You didn’t say. You just said I wouldn’t like it.”
You roll your eyes and privately resolve to get Coulson a better gift later as you step into the elevator.
I know, Tony. My brain is screaming at me to tell you how much I want to kiss your stupid fat mouth, but we need to push through this.
The Avengers, all seen from behind, walk toward open elevator doors with an arrow to the side indicating they're going up.
See, Doug? Tony gets it.
“Ow!” said Tony. “Nat, what the hell?”
she never joined Steve on his morning runs, dammit.
Tony takes a look at his bud Steve, who is blushing, and says, “Yeah, tempting as it is to bone my own creation, I’m gonna to take a pass too.”
“How do you mean?” you ask.
Jarvis hesitated, then said, “There is one hat available in Sir’s wardrobe. However—”
“Guys, I’m serious about going to get Ethiopian food if you want it. I can feed the extra sandwiches to the hissing cockroaches. Been a while since I gave them a treat,” you say.
DrBanner
You wake up and the first thing you see is open sky.
Let them figure it out on their own, boys.
“Are too.”
“JARVIS?” you say. “What the hell is going on?”
“One more educated guess: I don’t think it’s on the Hulk containment floor either. You remember what it was like there: empty except for the floor itself and his shredded, shredded abs. No haystack to hide a needle in there.”
“Ten minutes, Tony!” said Pepper, her eyes flashing with anger as she straightened his hat. “Ten minutes on how much we’ve improved our offering of MREs and then I will swoop in and rescue you. All you have to do is choke down some samples to sell how good they are and not punch anybody or blow anything up. Can you do that for ten minutes, Tony? For me? Can you do that for ten minutes for me?”
The sheriff’s already seen every inch of MY bedroom. I don’t mind him looking again.
Fight-friend Tony bolts for the hallway before you can grab him. He’s slippery, but not very fast. He seems to be trying to get you to the little room that takes you to the big quiet room, but you grin with the knowledge that he won’t make it in time. Just as you reach out and almost close your fingers around him, he banks right, through a doorway and down a set of stairs. You take a moment to tear another Hulk-sized hole in the Tower to barrel after him, and then another when he goes through another door two floors down. By the time you catch up, he’s in his shiny shell, and he’s firing hurt-light at your face. Which, of course, makes you furious.
And Steve didn’t have any good reply to that, so he went over to the back of Tony’s suit and started unbuttoning the collar and zipping down the back, willing his fingers not to stray into the dark curls of hair at the nape of Tony’s neck or trace the curve of Tony’s spine as he did.
“What was
“The list said 'Kiss someone you love at midnight on New Years Eve in Times Square,'” said Steve, “And we were
enjoyed kicking some bad guy’s ass. But Tony’s primary suit and backup suit were unavailable. His third backup was the suitcase suit, which he couldn’t call, even if he wanted to. The fourth backup was currently offline and disassembled on workbench 8, and he’d scrapped backup number 5 three weeks ago because five backup suits was getting into the obsessive zone he’d been in that necessitated blowing them all up a lifetime ago. He was suitless, sore, tired, and absolutely not up for hearing Steve yell at him for going in half-cocked, alone and defenseless. So Tony took out the flip phone, stuck in the SIM card, and started dialing Jarvis like a good little Avenger.
“Whose moves are these?” said Tony as he punched for Steve’s face.
“Ah, of course,” said Hammer, who was now straightening up from the desk he was hiding behind. “Of course you’re alright.”
“Cool,” said Tony who started talking to his phone. “Let’s go do something else on Steve’s list. J? Book us a noraebang.”
, Steve,” said Tony angrily. “Just… stop. I know you’re trying to make it better, but you’re making it worse.”
(See the end of the chapter for
And the second he disturbed it, it completely emptied itself onto his arm with thousands of tiny baby spiders.
By Odin’s beard, I’m so excited I can barely type! Do you remember my dear friend Tony, the eccentric one? Yes, his eccentricities can be quite strange at times (you would not believe the places I’ve found him falling asleep after many hours of inventing in his laboratory. Once, I saw him kneel down to tie his shoes and moments later he was snoring with his head on his knee, still kneeling!) but he has a very kind, and generous heart. He’s been known to show it in the form of spontaneous and extravagant gifts from time to time. Well, I’m delighted to say I’ve just been on the receiving end of one such gift. Tony has just offered to fly me, my beloved Jane, and all of the rest of our little Avengers family to Rome!
“I didn’t mean to—”
They searched over fridges and over TVs. They searched at the top of Clint's grickle-grack trees. They searched in the vents hidden over the ceiling. They searched through the cookie jars Clint had been stealing.
Tony reached out and grabbed the front of Steve’s tee-shirt.
“Oh shit,” said Steve. “It’s Clint.”
CLINT gives THOR a look, then visibly relaxes when he realizes he really
José swallowed the urge to correct him on his name (again) and said, “The lightning, it knocked out—”
“And now I need to put the kibosh on the wagon idea,” said Tony. “Sorry, Clint, I can’t play favorites between my kids, you understand.”
“It’s a spell with a
because... ” and then Tony saw Steve was still staring at the floor. “There’s
“Twitter can suck it. By this time next week, people everywhere will be going to their barbers and asking for The Tony Stark,” said Tony.
“I guess you’re right,” said José.
“If it comes down to it, we can even move you into Avengers Tower for extra protection. But if we do this right, no one will be the wiser of your involvement.”
This man claims to be acquainted with you, Steve.
Oh dear, I thought that was obvious. I’m just here to pick up the artifact. But, I can’t have all of you knowing what it is or trying to steal it once it’s powering an Earth-sized spell field, so as much fun as this has been, I’m afraid this is where your stories come to an end.
NATASHA (CONT'D)
“But so did we, right?” said Tony, “You couldn’t stand me when we met. And we ended up
“Hiya, Cap. I’m doing just fine. You should
“It may be the case that the artifact doesn’t match its environment,” says Thor.
“I give it a week,” said Natasha.
“You did not throw a repulsor blast or a bomb at Steve just so you could get out of movie night.”
“Tony! Has JARVIS finished hacking the karaoke machine?”
“Will you let me handle it this time? I have a plan, believe it or not,” says Tony.
Rhodey looked like there was something on the tip of his tongue, but ultimately he closed his mouth and shrugged.
You eye the strip of skin on his abdomen that was exposed when his shirt rode up, and catch yourself thinking,
Tony’s smile grew broader as he said, “Yeah, that’s it.”
“Can I get security at the front desk?” the manager said into his walky-talky.
about it.
myself,” Hammer said as he typed furiously into his phone.
(See the end of the chapter for
When Tony finally got inside the lab, he pressed his back against the door and put his hand over his eyes.
, thought Tony as he drifted off to sleep,
Natasha just patted his arm and said, “You’ll see.”
in his voice. “But the data’s all there. We talk alike and we think alike and we both act like assholes to the good people around us who don’t deserve it.”
,” said Tony with a bat of his eyelashes.
Steve chuckled a bit. Tony
“You can’t prove that.”
“I already told you, it’s not inspiration coffee, it’s miracle coffee,” said Tony as he walked over to the cafe’s ATM. “Because there is nothing, short of a miracle, that will get us into that safe.”
PEGGY
Also, in case the Belgian accent didn't give it away, Tony's playing the part of a pseudo-Poirot in an Agatha Christie novel at the end.
“Where’s Strange then?” you ask. “I mean, undoing magic is his thing. So where is he?”
CW: Hinting at Howard Stark's A+ parenting and husbandship here.
starting to break a sweat. “If you came to sparring more often you’d be feeling much better right now.”
“The one in the bedroom, obviously,” said Tony.
Tony felt the bottom drop out of his stomach.
to stop Steve because dear God, didn’t he understand that if he did this that Tony would lose one of the biggest things he was living
“I’m sorry, sir, we’ve just closed for the day,” said a frizzy-haired woman with horn-rimmed glasses and a double chin.
“Could an injured person do
“Wait, what? I don’t remember her saying anything revealing,” says Tony.
Tony sat up. He felt like he was on the other side of the most intense workout of his life, which is exactly what had happened. Everything hurt. All he wanted to do was find a hole to curl up in and sleep until this day from hell was over.
Yes, Bruce's entire meme folder is Star Trek memes. No, the author did not have to look hard in her own meme folder to find them.
“Well, Tiffany, I don’t do that unless we’re really good friends first, so maybe we should just enjoy the art today,” said Steve.
“Yeah, maybe it’s better if we have this conversation like this,” said Steve quietly. “I don’t need you to— Tony, I want to say goodbye.”
Steve felt the familiar warmth set into his cheeks. Now was not the time to bring up that no, it hadn’t been seventy years. It had been never. In Steve’s whole life he’d only liked two people enough to even imagine getting that intimate with them. But he’d never gotten the chance with Peggy, and now it sounded like he’d never get the chance with Tony either.
Image: A beagle/daschund mix lying on a couch, soaking in the sun
“Then we can deal with that when it comes. And just so you know, it’s not a deal breaker to me if you’re an Avenger or not. I love Tony Stark. Iron Man’s just a bonus.”
how much crap you’ve put me through today?”
>TAKE ENERGY BARS
“Yep. It is what it says it is. You talk about your careers and your values and how many kids you want, where you want to live, and generally what you want to
“Since the aquarium,” said Tony.
“What the hell is that?” said Bob as he peered out of the opening of his workshop towards the direction of the music. The chorus of
“Don’t bullshit me, Black Hawk. Except for maybe a couple of bodyguards who go with Justin when he meets up with the Sokovians, nobody in that building’s a bad guy. We’re employees with 401ks and an idiot boss. So tell me truly: are you gonna hurt anyone?”
“This is your final warning, Mr. Stark. I’m going to need you to stand up, put your hands over your head, and come with me.”
(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)
“Yes, sir.”
“Hiya, Tony! If you’re watching this, Sandra managed to get through to you, finally. I honestly don’t know why you’ve been avoiding me, bygones being bygones and all. Isn’t putting the past behind you supposed to be your thing these days?”
Most people eat a lot of sweets and commiserate with their friends.
, Nat, it’s insulting,” said Bruce.
“Clint! I need another Spice Girl.”
She was back inside the vent, pulling the cover in place behind her, before the guards watching the video cameras even
“That’s all the non-residential floors,” said Clint. “Do I get to meet emo Fury now?”
“Was Howard right, Pepper?” asked Tony quietly.
“Just give it to me, Tony.”
“That… would be amazing,” said Clint. “Seriously, can I have some glitter arrows? There’s so many pranks I could—”
“I need you to understand, Steve, that I don’t know if that maybe will ever turn into a yes. I’ve never exactly had great role models as far as fathers go, and I would rather cut out my own heart than be another link in a chain of shitty Stark dads.”
“Or I’ll—”
Clint snorted and said, “Cap, Nat and I sneak into the Pentagon for fun. It’ll be fine.”
“Don’t worry, cupcake, we’re not here for the booze. A couple of years ago Rhodey and I experimented with dry January and this place literally saved my life.”
They’d walked all the way from the bottom of the High Line to the top. It was still a beautiful day, but the sun was getting lower and the crowd was thinning out as people started splitting off to either go home or go find a restaurant for dinner.
“Get ready for a lot of commiserating,” said Steve.
“Can we stop at Natasha’s floor again? I cannot begin to stress how badly I want to meet emo versions of the people we know. I
“Scrappy 90-pound pre-serum Steve sometimes does.”
Yeah, I can see Vanko sprawled out behind the boulder. Looks like our brains are casting the bad guys appropriately.
“Steve, wait—”
“Oh she’s already gotten a job at Stark Industries
A short car ride later, they were walking up a narrow staircase in Koreatown.
“Avengers Tower more than suits our needs,” said Steve, making a conscious effort not to be curt. “I’m here to talk about the scepter.”
talking today.”
kick my ass.”
Steve.”
here,” Tony whined.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then why the hell is it called
Steve's right, by the way - you go to the Cloisters for the ambiance and the absolutely gorgeous courtyards, so even if you don't much go for medieval Christian art it's absolutely worth the trek. And if you take the subway to get there, you also get a lovely stroll through Fort Tryon park on your way there out of the deal.
Pepper fixed Tony with a curious look, then said, “JARVIS forget what I said. Really Tony? You have an idea?”
CAPTAIN ROGERS exits the TURBOLIFT and runs down the HALLWAY. As he’s running, several ROMULANS transport on board in his way, and immediately open fire. ROGERS hides behind a corner, takes out his phaser and returns fire, stunning the ROMULANS in his way. He continues down the HALLWAY until he gets to just outside CARGO BAY THREE. Romulan CAPTAIN AMORA of the ENCHANTRESS transports there as well. She tries to fire her phaser at CAPTAIN ROGERS, but he immediately engages her in hand-to-hand combat. After some back-and-forth, they both tumble through the doors to...
. Never mind that I built this company with my own two hands and a small one million dollar loan from my father. Never mind that the U.S. army rates Hammertech weaponry the eighth best they’ve ever used. In the end, it comes down to what horse you pick.”
Chapter 6
Tony closed the phone and pulled out the SIM card. Tomorrow. Tomorrow he’d call Rhodey and sort this out. Not today. Today he was going to get absolutely, unbelievably,
Mmhmm. And what happened at last year’s Christmas charity gala was...
, but because there was an extremely confused erection building in Steve’s pants. Thank God he was standing behind a couch; he did not want Tony to see him like this.
“I wouldn’t recommend it,” said Tony. “The paparazzi there are ruthless. I doubt even a SEP would work out there.”
“No, they didn’t, Tony!” Steve yells back.
I went outside,
Frank reached next to her and picked up a mannequin leg in fishnet stockings they’d used as a prop earlier in the night. Then she waved it over Steve’s head.
“I never read anything about your mom being a playboy billionaire philanthropist superhero,” said Tony.
15. EXT. CLOCK TOWER ROOF - DAY
And then Steve was laughing with him.
“That you don’t like being touched.”
But Tony kept hyperventilating, trying desperately hard to gulp down air that only brought on more panic and more coughing. A moment later he was doubled over, white petals flecked with blood spilling from his lips in a cascade as he tried and failed to get himself under control.
she,” said Bruce, sounding a little frayed. “Why did you send her in alone?”
“As I was saying. The clock has stopped. You’ll note the time is 6:07 A.M. Captain Rogers, am I mistaken in noting that you leave for your daily exercises at—”
6. INT. JAILHOUSE - DAY
“What? That’s impossible,” said the guard. “Even if she got past us, we get notified if the vault opens—”
Are you ever going to let that go?
“Now there’s an idea. Your new suit would look pretty spiffy with a scarf. But can you help me unclasp it in the back? And maybe zip me down too. I don’t know how the hell all of you do what you do in so much leather, it’s so suffocating.”
“Natasha’s right, I
Natasha dug her fingernails around the keypad and pulled away a thin mat that was covering it.
2. INT. ENGINE ROOM
Th-thank you, Mrs. Romanov.
“No none of that but— but I want to help people. And I want to protect the weak from the powerful. For me I think that means I’m always going to have a dangerous job, Avenger or not. As long as it’s safer for me to be out there standing between the civilians and giant robots, I’m going to do it. Can you live with that?”
, Tony?’ ‘No one gives a damn about your
(See the end of the chapter for
“Steve? Steve!” cries Tony as he kneels down next to Steve, lying on the ground.
“When we were rappelling down the roof with firehoses or when you were breaking the land speed record driving us back to the tower?”
“Oh thank God,” said Tony as he hurried inside and closed the door. “I’ve got Nat.”
to figure out how to get along, because we were working so closely together. And without that time spent together, I’d probably still hate your guts. Now if you could just spend some time with Steve—”
There was an excruciatingly awkward silence, before Bruce said, “Gym next?”
“Maybe that’s the problem,” said Bruce, the local doctor, “We’re always chasing it. But that runs against the grain of the story, right? Maybe we should try to let the narrative bring it to us.”
Tony groaned and thunked the back of his head against the wall, then winced when he hit the bump that had grown from falling backwards onto the floor this morning. If he had a drink now, he’d have to spend the next month not only without alcohol, but without fast food or music above a dull roar, and with a regular, enforceable bedtime. Steve had proven way more resilient against saying “golly”, “gee”, “swell”, “dame”, and “fella” than Tony had anticipated and the result was a sobriety spell that was going way, way longer than Tony had ever intended.
Tony snatched the hat back from her and said, “I am never making any gear for you ever again.”
“I’m a disembodied voice with no visible appearance, Sir. Nothing looks good on me, because there is nothing to see.”
“Have I ever doubted your skill as an archer, Barton?” asked Thor.
“I’ll bet she got ten times the leather out of one hide than all the other girls in the factory,” said Tony, as they got back in the car back to the tower.
6/10, because I really, really, really want it to be true.
Steve did, and was shocked to see Jade’s right hand wasn’t on his lapel at all. It was just starting to graze the top of Steve’s left pocket.
was Tony glad that Steve went back to looking at the game instead of at him.
Tony—
Neither Tony nor Steve knew how to follow that up, so they ate in silence for a while before Tony said, “Worried about tomorrow?”
“We’re saying things even if we’re scared what the other one thinks, remember? What’s on your mind, gumdrop?”
“Good. Take us there.”
“And you will never, ever see it,” grined Stiv.
“What!?” said Tony, immediately removing the Dodgers hat. There must’ve been some widow-bite compound left on his head to react to the knock-out dust the General had kicked up when he’d grabbed Tony’s shirt.
“Are the Avengers going to storm the building? Try to sue for it? Sandra! I’m serious about that Times interview, they’re going to want to know this!”
“Mmhmm, and when were you going to tell Clint and Tasha that you knew what they were signing to each other?” asked Tony.
“Yeah, it is working. We still butt heads sometimes but about as much as the rest of us do, and it doesn’t fester like it used to.”
“Of course, Sir,” said Jarvis, but his tone was still ice-cold. Damn, Jarvis was bitchy today.
“I wasn’t sleeping during the video,” said Steve, who had no idea what an Energizer bunny was or where this conversation was going.
“I mean, I
All they could do was berate her, “We can’t find the magic phone!
“Don’t test me, Stark,” said Thor.
Image: A border collie sitting on a porch
Steve shrugged. “I remember my high school biology teacher inviting in a
“Congratulations, Tony,” said Dr. Cho as she pulled back from the microscope. “Type C Hanahaki, first case in New York city in ten years. Thank goodness it’s not contagious or we’d all be locked in quarantine with you right now.”
“Where?” said the tech, and she sounded worried.
“Yeah but, we’re staying focused on our end goals,” said Tony pensively. “What if — ok, by definition, magic makes no damn sense, but if Strange said our minds are filling in the gaps of the medium when we go to a floor. Maybe it’s only getting stronger because there’s more of us thinking the same thing. More brains, more gaps that can be filled. Also explains how we’re staying focused, if it’s our own minds that are mapping the pattern.”
“Just curious, how many PhD's do you have to get before you become telepathic like that?” asked Clint.
“—it wasn’t my fault. Some knock-out dust I was packing into an arrowhead for Clint got out and did what knock-out dust does.”
Steve answered with a kiss so intense Tony felt his knees buckle. But Steve was there to hold him up, practically growling as he pressed his tongue into Tony’s mouth and his erection into Tony’s thigh and the raw fucking
“Did you have a fight?” said Natasha.
(See the end of the chapter for
” Steve practically shouted. “Did you not just hear what she said? This proves it!”
José’s grip on his gun faltered a little, and then he said, “I really need this job.”
“Captain, you insult me,” said Hammer as he tossed the ball and caught it over and over again. “I know Tony told you I had the scepter. Did he tell you what I’d be willing to exchange it for?”
“You are, aren’t you! Oh man, we should document this for Buzzfeed. JARVIS, can you take a pic—”
“Yeah, because the best part of going to a baseball game is the atmosphere, and it’s way worse in a suite,” said Tony.
“No, we are not having the ‘let them figure it out for themselves’ conversation again, Nat. They are literally wearing a couples costume right now for Christ’s sake! We are past the realm of the hilariously un-self-aware and we are now in dead fucking center of maliciously obtuse. And Steve, I honestly don’t know why the fuck you’re pining like some princess in Avengers Tower but if Tony hasn’t sucked your dick yet after almost a
, Tony,” Steve spat.
“Costume party or drugged? Or both?” asked Clint.
steve_rogers
think just happened,” said Tony.
“Just about. And it looks like she’s coming around,” said Steve Rogers’s voice.
“Would you ever get handsy with someone else if you were someone’s date to a party?”
That’s everyone’s rooms. I don’t think it’s here.
Tony smiles and points up as he speaks from the highest point on the roof.
“No, it’s not,” said Bruce curtly, “Some of us are getting really fucking tired of going along with whatever bullshit is going on between these two and pretending it’s all fucking fine. Aren’t you Steve’s friend, Tony? Why the fuck are you still doing this?”
need to add “getting arrested” to his list of shitty things that had happened today. “I — I’m sorry. I’m going, ok? Goodbye.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Crap, that’s Tina Valenti’s promotion party,” said Tony. “They should be gone in a minute.”
“Nah. Thor sends his apologies, though. He wanted to be back from Asgard in time for movie night but there’s some extra bullshit with his brother going on.”
So Tony spent the rest of the game talking about reverb and building materials and how the vendors and the organ and the announcer all paint an acoustic picture and how where they were sitting was like looking at a painting with some of the colors missing. And of course
Steve had spent the last twenty four hours agonizing over how to read what had happened in the kitchen, and now he had his answer. It really had been about the damned glitter. Tony wanted Steve to find someone else.
“Alright, now that we’ve established that Steve’s used up his dumbass decisions quota for the next forever, we’d better keep going. Whatever whammied the tower didn’t do it for fun,” said Bruce.
Tony exhaled heavily and bit back about a thousand petty things he could’ve said. Tony didn’t know what barrel Pepper had scraped the bottom of to find Colleen, but rescuing Steve from her crap had been a full time project all day. And now, apparently, he had to rescue Steve
“What’s that?” said Dream Steve with that small smile he only gave when Tony was being a pain in the ass.
“You got it from here, Bruce?” said Steve.
“What did I say would happen if you tried to skip movie night again without a valid excuse?” asked Natasha.
use a driver normally.”
“Nope, he’s caught us. He’s won his prize. Let him have it,” said Tony nonchalantly.
“Well?” said Steve.
“No, they won’t,” said Tony.
“Jarvis? Please tell me you’re still with me,” said Tony.
“You know they only pretend to be cats on the stage, right? Most of them aren’t furries off-stage. Or if they are, presumably they still eat human food.”
“You know I can rip through that like tin foil, right?” said Steve.
“You do realize you don’t get to pull the ‘important Avengers business’ card on the actual Avengers, right?” said Clint.
“Thank
I’ll give a signal if I see something important. And if you hear an owl hooting you’ll know Stark and Rogers are kissing in the whorehouse window.
Clint felt his skin prickle with extra static electricity in the air.
“Put in by JARVIS, not me,” says Tony.
“Good bye, Mr. Hammer,” said Steve as he walked out the door, positively fuming.
“Anybody else bring their spy-to-English dictionary today?” Tony grumbled.
“They’re not
“I like the way you think, Rogers.”
“Let’s pretend it’s not magic for a second. Let’s say it’s something else proximity-based, like a bomb,” says Tony. “And it’s a really powerful bomb, but you want to be extra sure that it reaches all the floors of our part of the tower. Where do you put it?”
“I want that because I want
“Yeah, don’t get your panties in a twist, I’m coming,” said Tony as he stepped out of the fountain. It was a testament to just how out of it he was that it wasn’t until he heard the familiar click of cuffs encircling his wrists that he thought,
“I’m not ready,” Thor muttered to himself as he paced. “I can’t do it. Everyone’s depending on me and I
A man could get used to this.
ARGUMENTS FOR:
“Stark, I’m going to
,” said Tony angrily, but then he took a breath. “You know what? That makes sense. You’ve spent your whole life never telling anybody not to touch you, I can’t expect you to start today.”
“Hey, Tony?” said Steve as the car pulled into the road.
“Oh my God, stop
“What do you want, Tony?” asked Steve.
“Yeah, but even that wasn’t as strange as this conversation,” said Steve. “Apparently there is a video on the internet that’s totally inaccessible to JARVIS.”
“Not sure if Clint flicking peas at everyone’s heads is the best setting for a first date,” said Tony, and wait, why was he fighting this, he’d go swimming in peas if it meant going on a date with Steve. But was it a date? Steve just said ‘dinner.’
steve_rogers
ARGUMENTS AGAINST:
trying to do. That’s why I’m here, for fuck’s sake. But we’re not going to fix
“I want to help people too, in one way or another. Right now being an Avenger is the way that works, but one day it might be something else. I also want to invent things, maybe change the world once or twice, with the things I make. Which’ll mean spending a lot of time in the lab. That work for you?”
Likelihood of Being Stopped Sooner IRL: 5
“Oh, you didn’t have types B or C back in the forties did you? Hadn’t mutated yet.”
Steve’s superior officer back in ye olden days.
“Mmm, you forgot something,” said Tony.
“I promise that if there is a way available to me, I will try to come home. Can you promise me the same?”
“Very funny,” said Steve, “why did you tell me to follow you to the lab?”
“Pepper and Rhodey aren’t speaking to me right now. And even if they were they have better shit to do than listen to me whine.”
STEVE
Bigots.
Steve started blushing, which… oh no, that was
“Yeah, Tony’s losing,” said Clint.
to special occasion sweets for the whole family to enjoy.
At least if he was sober he could throw himself into his work. So he was hard at work on a new helmet design because why the fuck not, nothing had any meaning anymore, when he heard the dumbwaiter ding and he saw it. Propped against the Burger King bag was a sparkly blue birthday party invitation from Pepper’s niece, Olivia Potts.
the art restorer. And if you wanna lick
“Exactly! Strip out all the bullshit and people perform to connect with each other. Or with God, if you go for that sort of thing,” Tony said with a vague wave of his empty shot glass.
From his new position, Tony could see a group of civilians all tied up with what looked like dog leashes, every one of them desperately struggling against their bindings. Clearly, Tony wasn’t the first puppet Steve had fought today, although Tony must’ve been the first that had the strength, agility and flexibility to actually execute the martial arts his puppet master knew, because he was giving Steve a real run for his money. Between blocking Tony and blocking the magic blasts with his shield, Steve was having a hard time keeping up.
“Strange said we can’t until we’ve found the artifact,” said Steve.
7. INT. BRIDGE
“Biromantic, demisexual,” said Steve as he pointed to each one, then he let his shirt shift back into place. “At least, that’s what fits best right now. I only learned these words yesterday. JARVIS was really helpful.”
They were at the top of the landing now, and Clint came up behind Steve and Thor and clapped a hand on both of their shoulders.
. She says it would do a great honor to a place with a cherished relationship with Asgard.”
“Interrupt sleep, done,” said Tony, whose brain was already coming up with a million projects he could plausibly work on with Steve. “Got to go, thanks Pep!”
“Fine. Operation Capsicle Listicle is now Operation Stark Lark,” said Tony.
6. INT. SICKBAY
Steve’s face went from annoyed to contrite in an instant.
For Assistive Tech Users: This is styled to resemble a Tumblr post.
The scientist that turned Steve into the all-American beefcake we know and love.
We’ll stop you.
Tony turned and saw Pepper’s PA trying to shrink into the door frame. Because there is a God, she had a new hat in her hand. Because God is a dick, it was a neon green fedora with a peacock feather in the band.
You roll your eyes and say, “Yes, the old man is old, but maybe… hey, could it be a TV or a smartphone? Something that could display examples of everything we’re seeing?”
CatNat
“It’s a spell with a
I’ll go see if Nat needs some help in the saloon, you go downstairs and play house, ok?
Is a knife glove practical? No. Is it
CLINT
“Stop,” said Tony.
LIKELIHOOD VERDICT:
“Fuhgeddaboudit, it’s a pleasure meetin’ youse!” said Clint.
“Oh,” says Tony, who is now looking everywhere in the room except at you and shifting from foot to foot. “Um. Thank you.”
“You did warn them we were coming, right Tony?” said Clint. “Because I personally am about to eat my own weight in soup dumplings and I’m worried what that means for feeding Steve and Thor.”
“This better not be another dream,” Tony mumbled as he finally pulled back.
Sci-fi?
“What about?”
“I’m actually kind of peckish. Steve, could you put in the command to take a few of these energy bars?” says Clint.
Bruce grinned, and walked out of the building feeling like John Derringer himself.
The weather outside was that wonderful combination of rainy enough to soak through any coat, windy enough to make all umbrellas useless, and cold enough to make all rain-soaked garments also freeze to your damn skin. It was the kind of weather that practically
“Let’s get this over with,” he muttered bitterly.
was now distinct enough to hear clearly.
“Wow, I did not expect that to get an actual audible laugh,” said Colleen.
For assistive tech users, there's screen reader only text describing each of the images below in lieu of alt text.
“But that’s no basis for a healthy relationship with performing. And there’s no war bonds to sell here, Cap. Nobody’s gonna die if we suck, and thank God for that or else Thor alone would’ve killed half of Manhattan by now. We’re all looking a little bit stupid, because the return is getting to see our friends laugh and cheer us on. We’re making the feedback loop on our own terms. And at the very least, you get to see how little everyone here cares when you’re not perfect. So c’mon,” said Tony as he stood up and offered Steve his hand. “Wanna do something a little dumb so you and your friends can know each other a little better?”
“They’re already there. Someone tripped the alarm on the window and opened the safe,” said the front desk guard.
For reasons I cannot explain, cocoa powder seems to be the difference between something that tastes like bean soup versus something that actually tastes like chili. It adds that elusive smokey, umami flavor profile that tends to be lacking in vegetarian dishes on the whole.
...Ok, that narrows down the where. How about the what?
“No, Tony, I meant you shouldn’t be with someone you can’t be yourself around.”
Tony opened his eyes (when had he closed them?) and was relieved to see the familiar voice was paired with a familiar face in the ambulance.
“Yeah?”
“She’s priming you. You gave her an opening for contact when you held out your hand. She took it, and she’s adding just a liiiiiittle bit more contact than you were offering. Not enough to break the social contract yet, but enough to set the precedent for her next advance. Speaking of which, keep playing, J.”
“Ok, that gets Bruce in the door. What about the rest of our Trojan horses?” asked Steve.
THE AVENGERS (minus BRUCE) assemble at roughly the same time at a place in the center of the town.
Natasha
with excitement.
“You don’t know what I’m going to say, Steve.”
“Hi, Steve,” said Tony brightly as he walked over to him and felt his body start to wind up a left hook.
Steve had years of army practice in changing quickly, so he was out of his suit and into the janitor’s jumpsuit in the time it took Clint to put on the Captain America pants.
for good measure, which was… did he even know what that looked like? Some people would’ve read an invitation and absolutely
“In front of the guards? And how are we getting the cards?” asked Steve.
“Bruce—” said Thor.
“I— ok, yes, there is a horny panic button I might have accidentally pressed. And no, I am not telling you where it is,” said Tony, as he hastily re-pressed the button to cancel horny mode, pressed the one in the middle, then replaced the back plate.
“Steve, I was serious in the elevator when I said A for effort. I could probably pull the camera feed and get you an Oscar for your performance. God knows I’ve still got some pull at the Academy, Meryl Streep owes me one at least.”
“I’m sure Cap’ll do it for you too if you ask nicely,” said Clint with a wry smile.
the poor kid, for Christ’s sake! Aren’t you supposed to be some kind of genius? Any idiot could see he’s crazy about you. And we all thought you were just as crazy back, but apparently not if you’re still keeping up with this bullshit,” said Bruce.
“Before I came here, Strange showed me an example of an artifact,” you say. “It was a book with a person trapped inside its story. Strange said he thought something similar is trapping us here in the tower. But… there’s a natural connection between a book and a story, right?”
been in love with you.”
“Yeah, ok. But if you’re going to be a completionist about this, that means one way or another, you’re going to have to see
or are you gonna deny the statistical significance of that?” says Tony.
“Yes, I would. Not everyone who saves the world does it in a kevlar suit.”
ASSHOLE
“You really should’ve dealt more employees into this one. Everyone who works here knows the boss is a moron. If he’s got a super magic bomb or whatever in the basement, I could’ve brought it to you myself,” said Frank.
, thought Steve.
“Yes. The lightning strike, it took out the vent security systems for the sub-basement.”
“There has to be a way to convince him,” said Steve. “If he’s had it in his possession for any period of time, he must’ve realized it’s more powerful than he can control. Maybe if he gets a stern talking-to from Captain America he’ll see some sense.”
“That guy in the pinstripe tie. That is the fifth person who’s given me the stink-eye since we walked onto this floor.”
Steve tamped down on his rising disappointment and said, “Apart from the continued safety of the entire planet?”
“Good,” said Steve, as he ran a hand up Tony’s arm, “Is that it?”
“You truly have the heart of a poet, Clint,” Tony held up on his phone.
“We still need to get Clint into the building
Outfit: 4
Steve spent the next week slowly improving at telling both regular people with boundary issues and con artists alike to back off. It became a routine - Steve would show up in the lab and get Tony to eat some actual human food, he and Tony would shoot the shit over noodles or pierogies or whatever else Jarvis recommended (
(See the end of the chapter for
“Jane and I have an understanding that anthropomorphized versions of inanimate objects don’t count as cheating,” says Thor with a shrug.
“Steve—” said Tony uncomfortably as they started to shuffle up to the front of the line.
With a *click*, the second vault swung open.
“Ah… I was going to take you to the orchid room. So I could introduce you to mom first.”
I am not thinking about this.
Tony settled back on the bed and said, “Ok. That works. But only for now.”
“Fair point,” said Tony. “Anyway, Justin, thank you for proving, yet again, that you are so consistently unimaginative, we could risk handing over the thing we just stole, because we just
“No, but I have a feeling he’ll see me. Call him. Tell him it’s about a certain item in his possession.”
“Guess we did,” said Steve.
“Yes, sir. But Mr. Stark is still unavailable for contact at the moment,” said Jarvis.
“Did it ever happen to you like that?” said Steve.
ODINSON blinks owlishly at the buttons at his station.
No, I mean, we’re in an internet comments section. You two are flaming each other, and Nat and I are egging on the drama. That’s not like any of us, but it is very on the nose for this medium.
ready to be thinking about the last time someone had asked him to dance, but then Tony was gesturing at everyone else in the room and shouting, “Chorus! Let’s get an all-Avengers kick line up here!”
“Now the files. Slide them over,” said Hammer.
“Her left hand is on the side of my neck, and her right hand is on my lapel,” said Steve.
“I mean, minus the contacts and the overshirt, this is pretty much what I wear every day,” said Tony. Then he paused and added, “I’m not sure what that says about me.”
Serial killers were graded on a scale of 1-10 based on the following rubric:
(gestures inside)
,” said Steve. “And didn’t you read all of Doug’s books when Pepper told you who you were coming with? Why’d you let him talk at you like you were some kind of wide-eyed undergrad?”
face for using StarkTech,” Hammer snarled.
“Is this why it hasn’t worked on any of your dates?” asked Tony.
“I don’t expect your forgiveness, but I truly am sorry,” said Thor.
It was a tatoo of Steves name in a <3!!!!
“Can I get a faucet of this in the tower? I’d sacrifice my bathroom sink for it if it means I get to drink this every day. I can learn to shave with cherry soda.”
But there was no Clint on the top of the roof. There was no Clint standing there all aloof. And since they saw neither Clint's hide nor his hair, the friends bowed their heads and began to despair.
“We need to do a PR campaign with the kids so they know that I exist too,” said a yet-again-shirtless Bruce with a sigh.
“You drive this car because you give so much of your salary away to charity, it’s all that you and your husband can afford. You do all that good, and yet you’re working at
“Wow,” said Clint. “Count on Tony to catch a disease where being an oblivious idiot can actually kill you.”
,” said Hammer. “You’re fine, aren’t you Bruce?”
Hello! I'm Thor, and I am simply delighted you've decided to partake
In any event, that was when my friends went off to go discuss their meeting with Enchantress and I was free to get to work planning dinner. Since Dr. Banner was joining us again, I decided to dust off another old standby:
” Tony shouted in Steve’s face.
Panache: 2
"I know our mistake," said the one who's called Tony, "We have to remember that Clint is alone-y. And if we all miss him as much as we do, then maybe, just maybe, he misses us too." "And what would Clint do?" Tony said with a smile, "If he had been missing us all of the while? He'd look for us downwards, and he would search low. So we should be searching as low as can go."
“Jarvis isn’t invited either,” said Tony, making no move to get up. “He was a real bitch this morning.”
“Um,” said Tony articulately.
Natasha stood up and took off her padded fingerless gloves. “Go wash up. Meet me in your room in an hour.”
But he couldn’t. It’d make it all so much harder, in the end.
, just some ah… the team’s running an operation, and I just got an update. Everything’s going according to plan. I don’t think anyone’s hurt or anything. Not that kind of op.”
“Ok, Steve,” said Bruce as he got up to go. “But this can’t continue.”
Early update today!
“The special Pride performance of
don’t ambush me from the back of the car!”
“Thor’s getting some practice for something else we might need in the heist,” said Natasha.
“Did you like that?”
But he was. He even asked questions about things he didn’t understand. Tony had been so determined to avoid his usual verbal sins that he was sure would tick Steve off, and here Steve was not only enduring this onslaught of word-vomit, but
steve_rogers
“You’re not hiding any other big secrets, right?”
“Build home somewhere else,” said Tony.
“Jarvis, where are we at on operation figure-out-what-science-powers-magic-and-shut-it-the-fuck-down?”
“I know what I said, Tony. And I really wish I could let it go, because I see the logic in what you’re saying. But I can’t, Tony,” said Steve.
Tony were the assholes instead of just Tony... their project was not going to progress if they stayed in this particular pattern.
Ah, the fireplace cracked and sputtered, sending ghosts of ash that fluttered,
Tony clutched at his stomach, and Hammer watched with glee from above the crate as red spots bloomed on his back and torso under the rips of fresh bullet holes.
the other day featuring Doug Ridloff, one of the main organizers of ASL Slam in NYC (and a very gifted poet himself), talking about it, and it has some clips of an ASL Slam at Nuyoricans.
“Exactly. She’s playing on your sense of the accepted social conventions to get you to give her one more inch, then one more, then one more. Play it, Jarvis.”
“I was going to say ‘really easy to get wrapped up in’, but delightful also works,” said Bruce. Then he added, “Also, the spell’s changing our clothes now. Add that to the fact that all of us were just rhyming for sixteen stanzas and I think we’ve confirmed the ‘spell’s getting stronger’ hypothesis.”
I’m not interested in your clothes. But I’ll put in all of my chips if you throw in whatever’s in your pockets, your gun, the buttons on your shirt, and the buckle on your belt.
“Steve, I swear to God, if you patch your suit with regular cotton thread one more time I’m going to tear you a new one and it won’t be in a place you can patch,” Tony groused as he stepped into the elevator after a particularly difficult robot fight around the tower (made more difficult by Tony’s helmet periodically filling with the flower petals he had been coughing up as he fought). He’d sent the armor to fly back on its own, but he’d decided to ride up the Avengers tower elevator with Steve because, yeah, he had it that bad.
“Hey, don’t be upset. Please, Tony don’t — I still don’t have an ulterior motive here,” said Steve, his other hand coming to wrap around Tony’s as he turned his body to face Tony more completely. “More than anything else, I just want you to be ok. But if you want this, Tony, if you want me, I am
We meet again, Sheriff Rogers!
STEVE
“First of all, forget Thor,
“You’re not exactly in a position to be making demands right now, Justin, but you know what? It’s Christmas, and I’m feeling generous. You don’t tell on us breaking into the Hammerplex, we won’t tell on you selling weapons to war criminals. Scout’s honor, or whatever the equivalent is for those of us who got kicked out of Boy Scouts for kissing the other boys.”
“Steve?” he said, taking a stab in the dark as he pushed away and found his feet to stand up straight.
The whole table snorts a little at that, Tony the loudest.
“Aw, I’m touched, Bruce. Now c’mon, there’s so much to show you. Before you leave, you’ll see the best decision of your life was walking through my door.”
legs off in the vent,” said Tony. “Hang on, I’m getting a ping. Northwest corner. I’m on the right floor.”
“This doppelganger sounds really melodramatic,” said Tony dully as he focused intently on peeling a second potato down to shreds. A moment later, Steve’s hand was covering his, stopping him from continuing. Which was when Tony noticed that Steve was standing very close behind him now.
“I mean, I’m still feeling thoroughly seduced right now,” said Tony as he carded his fingers through Steve’s hair. “Ten out of ten, didn’t know you had it in you.”
, thank you very much. And you knew what you were asking for when you made that suggestion, don’t deny it.”
Pictured: Jorunna Parva, a.k.a. a “sea bunny,” being cuter than anyone in this room could ever hope to be
Mark 104. A loaf-shaped case with enough repulsors to make it fly, an adorable paint job, and nothing else.
“I don’t respond well to threats,” hissed Bob.
Nothing happened.
“If I say yes, will you lower your gun?” said Tony hopefully.
“Nah, that’s a different neurologist I was dating back in July. Not to be confused with the neurologist I got coffee with way back in February either,” said Clint. When no one said anything, he added, “Look, it’s impossible to spend as much time in medical as I do and
You go up to the clock tower for reconnaissance. Leave Harold Barton to me.
“No, Tony. He
Once he was satisfied he was far enough removed from the original manhole, Tony picked a ladder and climbed. He still couldn’t go back to the tower, so his current plan was to make his way over to a hotel that would recognize him well enough to accept the “my wallet is in my other pants” excuse, take literally any room they had available, and sleep until the heat death of the universe. Or until Natasha showed up to haul him to the next movie night, which would probably be a lot sooner. Whatever, he could deal with that when it came, just not fucking today.
“Steve—”
“Wait,” said Tony as he watched the PA scurry off again, “
“Everybody likes Jasmine, you’re not special,” said Tony as he opened his bare wallet and sighed.
STEVE’S FLOOR
“What is it, baby, what’s wrong? Are you flowering again?”
“Self-explanatory?” said Steve.
“Wow, that bad?” said Natasha, raising an eyebrow.
A moment later a tired sounding Pepper said, “Tony, whatever it is, it can wait till morning.”
Pictured: A mostly hairless simian biped wearing hard plates to cover his internal organs and manufactured goop to cover his UV-sensitive skin. Why are you smiling, Clint? Don’t you know your species is weird looking  and badly designed?
The end.
“I need to get back to the lab,” said Tony, as he turned and fled the kitchen, “I’ll see you tomorrow, alright?”
“Steven Grant Rogers, if you don’t shut up right now, I’m not going to let you fuck me,” said Tony.
Bruce turns scarlet and mumbles something not even your ears can pick up.
“Hm, ok,” said Colleen with a shrug. Then she asked, “Anyway, what about you? What was it like going into space to fight Galactus?”
“I am never going to forgive you for this,” said Tony.
“Tell me about it,” said Steve.
“UR NOT GOIN ANYWHERE!!!” said a dark voice evillly.
“No!” shouts Nat just as you stumble out the window.
Justin sighed and said, “Ariel, could you talk with Dr. Banner for a moment?”
“Did I kill anyone?” Natasha asked, fearing the answer but needing to know.
steve_rogers
For Thor’s course was not rerouted. Window open, in she’d flown,
“I’m a completionist—” he started.
I think our brains are casting our actual exes in here, not the people we think of as… you know.
There was quiet for a moment, as Bruce wondered what the hell he had ever done to merit having someone like Natasha Romanov in his life.
“Loud and clear, Cap,” said Clint.
“Tony—” said Steve.
“I can rack my brain while I have my phone!” said Tony petulantly.
Steve let out a sigh. “I know it’s pointless, but can we pretend for a little while?”
“I’ll put an extra packet on the side and let you decide on the way,” said Jasmine as she got to work making coffee with enough caffeine to kill an elephant, also known as ‘The Tony Stark.’ “The card reader’s already closed down for the day, do you have cash?”
NATASHA
“I dunno, let’s go look,” said Tony.
(hesitantly)
Steve did, although it wasn’t much more than what he’d told her already. When he was finished, Natasha said, “Did you have anything on the side table with you in the hospital wing?”
“I WILL NEVER KILL KOKI UR NOT MY DAD!!!” I yelloed.
We're past the setup! Time for our boys to start getting to know each other outside of work.
"Hey Gogglor, did you foreshadow Enchantress as the villain" SURE DID ON EVERY FLOOR GO BACK AND SEE FOR YOURSELF
Steve saw Tony’s jaw clench momentarily. “He said it reminded him of her. Which is such horse shit because it’s nothing like mom at all.”
“You see, recently I acquired a certain object that I believe you’d be interested in collecting for your new little Iron Man hobby. Something... dare I say it?
“I just need a little more time, Bruce,” said Steve.
“Ok,” said Tony carefully. “Is there anything any of us could do to help?”
ODINSON
“—know the language, yeah, I got that. And we’ve already established the interpreters are going to take care of that problem.”
Tony crossed his arms and leaned a shoulder against the doorway to the en suite bathroom as he looked at Steve, who was lying naked on his stomach with his head resting on his arms and his eyes turned towards Tony. Sweet
was the opposite of fun,” said Steve. “That’s really what video games used to be like?”
“Nope. All I’m reading these days is the fanfiction people write about us. Did you know my eyes are chocolate orbs? Do you think they mean like Lindt truffles?”
Steve’s face clouded over, and he said, “I want to apologize for that. Back then I thought you were trying to buy me, but I know you better now.”
“No,” said Hammer.
“It’s… private joke. Sci-fi humor.”
” shouted Pepper as she put the fire extinguisher down.
“There is a charm on mjölnir laid by the All-Father, ensuring only the worthy may wield it,” says Thor. “It is very limited, as it only concerns the hammer, but also very powerful, which is why you can feel the sensation of magic when you touch it. Whatever artifact is maintaining the spell on our home is both very powerful
Tony waved his hand. “There was nothing wrong with you in the first place, Cap, so I don’t know if that counts as an improvement.”
CatNat
I can’t wait to give them to R&D to reverse engineer. Not as nifty as this though.” Hammer indicated the scepter case. “Can’t even open it without the combination. Which you’re going to tell me, before we’re through here.’”
would think about
“Yeah?” said Tony, and he couldn’t quite repress a shiver as Steve trailed kisses down his neck.
Bruce pulled himself into a sitting position and blinked at the three blobs outlined in the bright lights of the elevator. One leaned down and put a pair of glasses on his face, and the forms of Steve, Tony and Nat came into sharp focus. Nat also pressed a tee shirt into his hand.
Nat gave a small smile as she extricated herself from Thor, then said, “Thank you. And if any of you make any ‘ace up your sleeve’ quips, I’m killing you in your sleep.”
The final page starts with a panel of Steve somewhat resisting, and Tony making a dubious face. Steve: "Wait, it'll be back to normal in--" Tony: "Do you really want to risk a live tv broadcast of what we're about to do?". Tony's back in the elevator and Steve's being pulled into it. Steve: "I need to move floors." Tony: "Come stay on mine. Plenty of room." The elevator doors close on them with a ding, but Steve's speech bubble sticks out saying "Oh. Um... Alright. Thank you, Tony." The final panel just says "The End."
THE AVENGERS get back inside the elevator and the doors close.
“Well, I’m no detective, but the thing you want to show me looks like Times Square,” said Tony.
to special occasion sweets for the whole family to enjoy.
And as Steve got better at listening to the part of him saying he wanted other people to respect his space, he got better at listening to other things he wanted too. Unfortunately that meant the part of him that had built up from a whisper to a shout saying
“So, what, never open doors for anyone again?” said Steve.
“The list said ‘bring a sketchpad,’ remember? What do you think it was for, a fancy hat?” said Steve, regretting the anger that was already starting to seep back into his voice.
“Excuse me, Captain Rogers?” said Jarvis, “Ordinarily I’d wait until morning but you appear to be awake.”
,” said Tony.
“Yeah, you’re
“You voluntarily wore a hat with a catchphrase about fuck machines and followed it up with a lime green fedora, Tony, what did you
“Oh my God, the
I scremed “OMFG I luuuuurrvv MCR they are the best and Gerard Way is so HOTTT”
“This isn’t just about who he is. It’s about who we are,” said Steve. “We have to try.”
,” Tony seethed.
God dammit, why am I a smith? Why couldn’t I be an eccentric inventor with a giant mechanical spider?
Page 14 image:
“May I have one of those as well?” asked Thor, whose hair was also much longer than he usually kept it.
Tony smirked, then said, “Well, been a while since we’ve snuck out of a party to have sex, I guess we’re due.”
Joke’s on you, because I totally did.
, the
“Gotta be a pig, no way we can run a proper fiddle game for something like this,” said Clint. “But that only gets us
Notes
“I might be able to help with that,” said Clint with an audible smirk.
Everyone looks at each other for a moment.
“Yeah, maybe,” said Steve, as he looked out the window.
person was making eyes at you at the company holiday party and everybody makes a fuss.”
“Because we only just got it this morning,” said an instantly recognizable smarmy voice on the other end of the vent. “Latest model comes with a built-in jammer too. Neat, huh?”
Tony looked up at Steve, who was looking a little smug. In fact, all three of them were. The people he loved more than anything were a bunch of
" said Tony again, just before he started coughing more flower petals. By now they were all covered in blood.
Let who figure what out?
So they lapsed back into a tense silence for a while, with Bob typing away at his computer and Tony praying silently that the team would get here quickly, because the longer he stayed here, the longer he could feel the stench of the sewer ingraining itself in his pores. He’d need a heavy-duty spa treatment before he could feel clean after this.
“Oh?” said Tony, who had peeled one potato down to a one inch cube and was now getting to work on another.
So they stumbled through each story, not for fame or wealth or glory,
I found this recipe on a now-defunct food blog several years ago. These cookies strike that perfect balance between cakey and chewy, and that tiniest hint of cinnamon really brings out the chocolate.
“Nice? All she did was talk about either your work or her work.”
8/10. Pretty sure this dude is hot enough to make even the straightest guys go, “Hmmm.”
Tony looked at Steve and there was deep uncertainty in his face.
“I don’t get it either. But now, Steve, we have an important question to settle.”
“I’m game to stay if you are, Steve,” said Tony. “But I believe our situation has just acquired a new wrinkle.”
,” said Clint as they took off.
“Thank you, Marissa. Really. Just — thank you,” said Tony, privately resolving to look her up and pay off her student loan debt later. And he’d never meant anything more sincerely in his life. In that moment he was so fucking grateful for this lifeline in the sea of shit that was today, that he was pretty sure he was going to ride this gratitude wave for the rest of the day.
I’m at the edge of my seat over here.”
“What did you
no, hell no, no, no, second base, no, third base, no, yes
“Don’t look at me, I’m not paying for your inspiration coffee,” said Natasha.
steve_rogers
“If Buzzfeed can screw up one of theirs, I can screw one of mine,” said Tony. “Now c’mon, let’s get out of here.”
“Wouldn’t have had to worry if you’d showered with me,” said Tony with a suggestive quirk to his eyebrows.
“I don’t need inspiration, Romanov, I need a goddamn miracle,” said Tony. “Add extra sugar to the usual, Jasmine. I’m about to deliver some bad news and I need something sweet to offset it.”
“If your dirty jokes can repel these damn magic beams, you can make as many as you want, Tony. Until then, I’ll take my shield,” said Steve, but Tony could hear the grin under his words.
“JARVIS, start the coffee in the kitchen,” said Steve.
“Oh,” said Steve, feeling his heart sink.
“If you keep uninviting people to your birthday party, eventually it’s just gonna be you and Jarvis.”
“No, Captain America’s birthday is
CLINT looks like he’s going to object again, but THOR cuts him off.
has her body changed and her abilities enhanced by a magic potion and you need to ask which one I think I am?”
“What do you take me for? Of
“I’d say I’m fine, but…” Tony opened the hand that was just over his mouth. It was full of white rose petals.
“I cannot
“Steve, if I ever see you wearing a reversible tie I am cutting it off with scissors,” says Tony.
STEVE and TONY disappear into the WHOREHOUSE
have to go back in there, that his team has his back on this one.
Tony groaned but it was around that point he realized he could tuck his head against Steve’s shoulder and appreciate the warmth and closeness of his body, so he decided to stick a pin in all attempts of sassing himself out of the situation.
“If it was a fancy hat we’d’ve had to check it at the door, like your ego until about thirty minutes ago,” Tony retorted.
“I do remember saying that. I do
“Card skimmer,” said Natasha as she looked it over. “Does nothing but record the numbers of any cards that go through it, then send them to a server through the cafe’s wifi. Probably has a matching—
EDIT: This end note would not leave me alone until it became a fic (although it transformed into a movie somewhere along the way), so if you would like to read more about Maxwell Kane and Peter's opinions on him,
is super rare, to the point where—”
“Soon. Now we’re all together, we should visit all of the non-residential floors of the Avengers suites, then each of our own floors again. We’ve got six pairs of eyes now. If we’re lucky, one of us will spot the artifact and we’ll be able to destroy it before Enchantress can stop us,” said Steve, as he pressed the button for his own floor.
BANNER
STEVE’S FLOOR
“One more educated guess: I don’t think it’s on the Hulk containment floor either. You remember what it was like there: empty except for the floor itself and his shredded, shredded abs. No haystack to hide a needle in there.”
need to make any phone calls because you are
“Jesus
“Oh?” said Bruce, something stirring in his memory.
Tony also took a cup, but he was frowning at his. Steve showing up with a dessert in Central Park, where they were meeting up before heading over to see
You re-enter the elevator.
“Aww, you like her too,” said Rhodey. “But not as much as you like Steve. You spent twice as much time on him.”
Sure enough, the left junction led straight down into a criss-cross of lasers and motion sensors, capped by a vent opening. Natasha pulled out the silent drill and drilled a hole through the vent ceiling into the proper ceiling to secure her escape line, then attached it to her harness.
...Looks like you get to meet some of my unfinished business before we even finished yours.
Both THOR and CLINT turn in the direction of the DRUNK, who is now leaning on the bars and sticking head out, waving around a tin cup. CLINT goes wooden as he recognizes his father, HAROLD BARTON.
No, Tony. You and me are going to the saloon.
“We’re not getting a cat for the tower because you want to avoid seeing a play,” said Steve a few days later.
“You are
“Steve Rogers, that is the
And they imply Marion’s not the first.
“Steve, you are the opposite of fun,” said Tony with a pout.
is the first person you clicked with in the twenty-first century not to die. Because that means you won’t have to put yourself out there to find more people to click with.”
“Yep,” said Tony, popping the ‘p.’ “One arrow and one lightning strike is all it’ll take.”
thought Tony, as he pushed the thought as far to the back of his mind as he possibly could. Which was funny, because Tony didn’t really
“Costumes?” said Steve.
“I know you won’t forgive me, Tony,” said Steve. “I’ve read the accounts of the people who… who survived what I’m about to do, and none of them talk about forgiveness.”
STEVE
“Tony, what are you talking about?” said Steve as they walked up to the entrance.
“Jeez, I feel like a rube, I was such an easy mark,” said Steve.
“And all this time I thought you were making a good faith effort at something in cardboard and metallic paint but no, where did you buy that? Target?”
“I think my maybe just got a little bit closer to a yes.”
“Anyway, as much as I’d love to catch up, we’ve got business to discuss, and I’ve got a proposition for you that you won’t want to miss.”
“Sir?” said the security guard. “I’m sorry, but if you’re not here to see anyone and you’re not an employee, you’re going to have to leave.”
“No, we didn’t,” said Steve, “he came to visit me on the hospital floor while I was sleeping, but he was gone before I woke up. The last I saw him was when we were all in the common room together. I keep going through it in my mind but I can’t figure out what went wrong.”
“What’s your point?” said Sandra.
sign… no!” said Steve, like the killjoy he was.
I tell myself I couldn’t have known, that none of us could have known, but—”
Tony turned and exhaled slowly as he left the room. Natasha would’ve known he was lying about the other button. She also would’ve known Tony didn’t actually have a call from Director Fury. Thank fucking God Clint wasn’t Natasha.
And that's the end! Leave a comment if you liked the fic, and check out some of my other Stony work if you want more of these ding dongs in love!
You stand up and say, “Alright, Bruce. Lead the way.”
Steve shrugged and said, “It’s only three hours.”
“What are you talking about? You always use a driver,” said Steve.
Steve sighed and said, “I’m sorry. I— it’s not the costumes or the movie.”
“Oh thank God,” says Tony, throwing up his hands, “If we had to do one more layer of choose-your-own-adventure searching for Bruce in his own damn suite, I was going to get the suit and level the place till we found him.”
“Playing music by artist Cleansweep,” said Gina coolly, as guitar sounds started coming from the phone’s speaker.
“Some kind of project. Something that’s going to force us to spend time together, but when we’re ready to kill each other we can focus on it instead of us. Like—” and Steve watched Tony’s eyes light up with an idea.
“What?” said Steve.
“Already driving away. Am I going keychain shopping tonight?”
injured.”
Steve felt some of the tension leave his gut. Then he said, “It’s just… hard for me to wrap my mind around, you know? Voluntarily not being with someone you love.”
Dteve looked sick butt he said, “Loki is my… ex-boyfriend. That is what he is. We used to… to date. Romantically date. Me and Loki, dating romantically. But we don’t anymore. But that’s why you saw the tattoo on his back. Because he got it when we were… dating. Romantically. Because that is a thing that happened, between me and… and Loki. The mass-murderer who almost took over the world. But it isn’t happening anymore because I’m dating Tony now, apparently.” sad Steve all sad.
Immediately the lights went dim, the couch got wide enough for two people to get busy on, and
Tony’s eyes went soft and sad and he said, “On one condition.”
CLINT stands up, as does THOR. CLINT’s face is determined, but he’s visibly swallowing down fear.
Nat seemed like she was considering something for a moment, then she reached into the pile and got a matching QPR button, plus an asexuality pride button, and pinned both facing the inside of her shirt.
Today was the two-year anniversary of the battle of New York. I don’t talk about it very much because the subject is rather painful, but every year on this day, it weighs heavily on my mind. It’s not every day one’s own brother does something that hurts so many people, several of whom I’m privileged to call my friends. Part of me hopes they can forgive me for not stopping Loki before he brought so much death and destruction to a planet I’ve come to think of as my second home. Part of me wonders if they even should. I had vowed that this planet was under my protection, and I failed. Can you forgive something like that?
“Hey, now that we’re here, does anyone want to tell my friend what karaoke or a noraebang is?” said Steve. “He’s embarrassed to ask.”
Yes, this is deliberately coded so that you only get three hints. Of course, there's nothing stopping you from refreshing the page to get the other three. I'm an end-note, not a cop.
Stuck up
is this here?”
“Yeah, Jarvis,” said Steve, “I appreciate it.”
She gave Steve an earnest look.
“Great so… something small that doesn’t stand out. That narrows it down,” grumbles Tony.
“None. And Sir has requested me to remind him that if he decides to partake in that particular vice, he will lose his bet with Captain Rogers.”
“Belay that, JARVIS,” said Pepper.
“I’d like that Tony,” said Steve. Even though Bruce was probably right, he’d play a hundred boring video games if it made Tony happy.
Natasha, Bruce and Steve all raised their hands. Tony continued to mutter to himself as he rearranged things on a tablet at the head of the room.
“Am not!”
“Hey, don’t be an asshole. This is what adolescents in the mid-aughts wrote anonymously on the internet to make themselves feel seen. And honestly? More power to ’em. At that age, most adults just stick a copy of
ARGUMENTS AGAINST:
except lose his shit at the Guggenheim and drunkenly force Steve to sing show tunes at the noraebang? Was it just… proximity? They were on outing number three of their little experiment and they’d gotten here already? Pepper was right, this spending time together shit was
“Doug? What are—”
“I’ll take it,” said Tony, throwing back another shot and wiping his mouth with his sleeve. “Kay, why do people sing in church, Steve?”
“It’s not uncommon for the afflicted person to want to spare the person they love the pain and guilt of watching them waste away,” Bruce continued. “You can go to the lab, Tony, but one of us is going with you.”
Before Hammer could turn tail and run, Steve Rogers stepped out from behind another crate and clocked him, sending him into a heap on the floor.
Notes:
He and Hammer walked off to the corner, where Hammer said, “I’m trying to land one of the most brilliant minds of this century, this had better be good.”
“Oh,” said the tech, relaxing slightly. Then she added, “I guess this is just a typical Friday night for you, huh?”
Hammer’s smile faltered.
What followed was, in theory, a lot of fun. Everyone took turns throwing back shots (except Steve and Bruce, the latter of whom never had more than one drink per outing for obvious reasons) and belting out what Steve guessed were all the famous pop tunes of the last couple of decades. And Bruce was right, they were a motley mix of great singers (Tony) not horrible ones (Bruce, Nat), and piss poor ones (Thor, Clint), but none of that mattered compared to the sheer cheesecake bravado everyone brought to the mic (especially Bruce). And Steve was filled with that same sort of fond detachment that he’d felt on the few times he and the Howlies got to cut loose and celebrate. It was like he was surrounded by people he cared about deeply, but there was a pane of glass between him and everyone else. Back then he’d chalked it up to being their commanding officer, but now? It wasn’t just that he was sober and most of them were drunk, and it wasn’t just that they were singing and he wasn’t. He just felt… displaced, like a puzzle piece in the wrong box. And whatever puzzle he’d originally belonged to was long gone, even before he went into the ice.
“No it’s— Cleansweep!”
“Exactly,” says Tony, as he writes a quick list of the Avengers section of the tower on a scrap of paper. You look at the paper and read:
“You should ask him out, sweetie.”
NATASHA takes in all of the content on the table and runs her hands through all of it. IVAN looks furious enough to spit nails. NATASHA’s smug smile turns into a frown as she realizes that among everything on the table, nothing is the artifact.
“Why were you going to your private island?”
couldn’t chance it.
security measures at the Tower needed shaping up,” said Natasha as José untied her from the chair.
He ran back to the table, rummaged through the buttons, and came back with two of them pinned to the inside of his shirt.
Steve paused, utterly taken aback by the question.
“Pretty sure you were flirting with all of us before you even learned our names,” said Clint.
“They usually do a little talking beforehand,” said Steve. “And our therapy session was a lot of you
again.”
“You know something? There just might be,” said Clint pensively, before he turned to Natasha and added, “I’m thinking we
“You shouldn’t and you’re not. She was a pro. But this is what I was getting at when we started this and I said you needed to trust me that this was important. I can build the most un-hackable lock on earth to get into Avengers tower, but if you hold the door open for someone because they’re carrying a heavy box and you feel bad, it’s useless.”
“Fine!” said Tony, throwing up his hands. “Set us up, Pepper, have a ball.”
Tony gestured between the two of them.
for a while, for Christ’s sake.”
“You know what’s funny? Nat and I escaping like this wasn’t even a part of the plan. She was supposed to get almost ‘caught’ running out the door and drop the case behind her. Lucky for us, you’re not just a terrible person. You’re a terrible boss.”
Aye, Captain.
Which… was exactly what Tony expected. Halfway across the city, Avengers Tower was going into lockdown. Which any of the remaining five of them would cancel, and then get to work finding out why it had happened, and then hopefully tracking the now activated homing beacon in the remote. In hindsight, Tony probably shouldn’t’ve dropped a closing quip like that until the team got here. Whatever, he was having one of the worst days of his life, and it wasn’t like Bob was going to appreciate his wit anyway.
“Who says I’m overthinking?”
“Right?” said Tony.
“A pleasure to meet you, ma’am,” said Steve, as he held out his hand.
“Oh, I have no idea. I found him in a box of kittens on the street one day and just didn’t have the heart to leave him there,” says Tony.
“I honestly haven’t the faintest idea,” said Hammer. “Are you looking for a new facility to base the Avengers in? I know Stark Tower has some serious limitations, as does StarkTech. We’d be delighted to partner with the Avengers in their future endeavors. I could probably convert a few office floors into living quarters if you like.”
talented oluka for this absolutely GORGEOUS art update! I just love the way she plays with light in her art, so I knew she'd make something stunning for the aquarium kiss scene and
Remember my friends, the Avengers? One of them, Natasha, had an absolutely marvelous idea: that we should all go on a picnic in Central Park! Picnics are one Midgardian tradition that I really wish we had in Asgard. Where I grew up, food is either functional, or it’s a feast. Midgard has so many wonderfully nuanced and delightful ways to consume food: in restaurants, at themed parties, from food trucks, and at festivals... alright, we do have festivals in Asgard, too, but every day in New York City there is a festival for something somewhere, whether it’s Pickle-fest or a Puerto Rican pride parade or Food Truck week. Asgard only has two major festivals and three minor festivals every year, mostly because we have so many feasts instead. But Midgard has such a marvelous diversity of culinary cultures it makes much more sense to have more specifically themed festivals, and the result is some truly exquisite cuisine.
“What are you doing, Tony?” asked Steve breathlessly.
Don't forget kids - it's NEVER too late to say "no." Even if you said yes before. Even if it makes a scene.
“USO tour never made it there,” said Steve. “Should I go?”
“You told me to come tonight, Tony,” said Steve as he looked down at the floor. “And I trust that you know me, and that you know what I’m getting into better than I do. So I’m staying.”
“And who spelled us?” you ask.
STEVE
“Too much?” said Tony as he got up off the ground, red spots on his tee shirt still visible.
“Didn’t you?” said Tony.
Cap, I’m not going to get my goddamn dick wet, ok? Besides, Nat should take the saloon. There’s probably some rough-and-tumble types there, and we need someone who can get close enough to their pockets to see if there’s an artifact in them without raising any eyebrows. I can do that for sex workers, Nat can do that for cowboys.
“I’m sorry,” said Tony.
What?...
PHILLIPS
“Captain Rogers is on the observation deck,” replied JARVIS coolly.
“Ok den. Im sory Nashat I just love u sooooooooooo much!” ejaculated Loki
“Are you with me, Tony?” said Steve kindly, and Jesus Christ, Tony had literally broken the man’s nose maybe four hours ago and here he was acting like Tony was the one who was hurt. How was Steve even
Steve put his hand up against the side of Tony’s face and caressed his cheek.
fucking day, so all he could manage was the truth.
(AN: Loki: Goglor y r u so mean I jus want 2 fuck Natashi :(((((
“You are a
people who go into show business do it because the connection goes both ways. The people in the audience connect to the performers, and the performers connect right back. Even in your example, you got
Boss fight! Time to go big or go home!
“Aw, Cap,
Steve was squirming in his seat. Clearly whatever he was trying to get out was really difficult.
“Yep. Yeah, talking to you just… clarified it.”
“Before we continue, Nat, would you do the honors?” said Bruce.
“Or a friend.”
Thirty minutes later, both of them thoroughly fucked out
“I dunno, he sounds pretty good to me, what do you all think?” said Tony in lieu of the sung response. Which, of course, got everyone to cheer again.
,” said Tony.
But, nobody’s written a biography speculating about it yet, so it’s technically outside the scope of this presentation.
“Time to get up, Tony.”
STEVE
steve_rogers
Steve sighed. “Jarvis, this workbench surface is a display screen, right?”
Panache: 5
. If you can’t trust me when the stakes are this low—”
“She does seem like the type to mean it that way,” says Natasha thoughtfully. “So that rules out Thor’s floor, Bruce’s floor, and the Common Room floor, potentially.”
“—it could be a problem when the stakes are high,” finished Steve. “I— I think it’s just that I don’t know
“The party hasn’t started yet,” said one of the guards, handing the invitation back.
“What’s up, buttercup?” said Tony
“That bitch he married really did a fucking number on the Stark line, you are a—”
“Someone was looking for you on the way in. Your wife’s in labor, and her calls aren’t getting through to you.”
CLINT
“I can help with that,” said Tony, “There’s a reason nobody I haven’t wanted in here has ever gotten into Avenger’s tower.”
“Yeah so, I have a
dating again,” said Rhodey.
A few seconds later, they’re back in the kitchen and Tony’s saying, “Bruce, did you see that paper Connors just put out on folding space?”
“Get my damn name out of your mouth, Anthony. Stark Industries made the weapons that kept our boys safe, and you really want us to be happy about a couple of MREs?”
