"Steve, I'll be right back keep breathing. Okay? Right back." Clint ran out the door as Steve sat on the bed. In his head he counted out the beats to breathe in on, hold, and breathe out on as best as he could. It'd been a long time since he'd had an asthma attack.
All the color drained from Steve's face. "Peter-"
"Oh I forgot about that. Could you sit in with me?"
Tony forced a laugh. Your father can be so oblivious. Is Sam there too?
"Tony, let's go slow. My jaw." Steve got on his knees and Tony pet his hair.
"Where the hell are you going?" Tony quickly walked to the other side of the room and grabbed Steve's arm.
"Why didn't you bring Pete?" Tony was focused on his phone and was mostly ignoring Steve.
"What did he say?" Tony gently pulled Steve out into his floor's living room.
"Steve, please let us help you." The doctor spoke up.
"Hey, how'd it go?"
Steve stared at Tony on the screen. His jaw was clenched tight, and his fingernails were digging into his palms.
Dan turned Steve onto his back, and ripped off his boxers.
Natasha ran out, and came back seconds later with Steve's inhaler. "Tony move."
"Yes what?" Dan grabbed his chin roughly.
"Peter. It's not that easy anymore." He looked away.
Peter walked to Steve and Bucky.
Steve waited for the elevator to stop. When the doors opened, he walked out and looked for a piece of paper. After a bit of struggle, he found one, picked up a pen, and wrote.
Natasha rolled her eyes. "I'm gonna kill him." She repeated. "Let's go."
"Of course Pete." Tony held out his hand and pressed the elevator button.
"Oh, thank you..." He trailed off, forgetting her name, but not wanting to be rude.
"Dr. Sackler?" One of the nurses stopped them. "Is this your radiology patient? Would you like me to handle transport? I'm sure your busy."
"T-Tony- It's too early. Baby I just woke up."Steve slid himself back on the bed and rolled across the rest of the way so that he could stand up. He walked to his drawers and grabbed a shirt, pulling it over his head and putting it on.
"Steve. Dr. Sackler says it's better for you to use the wheelchair." Tony cut him off.
"Dad, I'm gonna call Tony before I go. Can you watch my stuff?" Steve nodded, and Peter walked away to an empty space nearby.
"I think that you should do the party if you want to."
"I think the real winner is Tony." Peter said quickly.
They sat in silence hugging for a moment, before Peter pulled back.
"Everything."
"Then later on, Steve and I found out that the same guy was part of Hydra." Nat raised her beer and drank it.
"Right away sir."
"Peter, it's not your job to look out for me." Steve grabbed Peter by the shoulders and pulled him into a hug. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you."
"Peter-" Before Steve could say anything, Peter had stomped out of the room.
"No! No override!" Steve panicked. "Code- Override code denial code B331."
"Tony let me go." Steve whispered, dropping his bag on the ground.
Steve blushed a deep red. "I can't-"
"I'll just have whatever the special is." Steve smiled back at her, then she turned to Tony.
"Steve. Pepper gets lunch weekly with some of the best lawyers in the country. All you need to do, is leave and everything will be fine." Nat knelt down lower, trying to grab his attention.
"We need to talk right now." Tony heard Steve's sigh as he stood up from the table and threw out the rest of his food. "Now!"
"Approximately 57 minutes, Captain."
"Tony wouldn't do that!" Peter screamed back. He loved me. I was basically his son. I have more in common with him, than you. I know he would never do that!" Steve stepped back.
"Yes you do." Clint grabbed Steve's arm. Steve immediately froze, but Clint walked around to face him. "Tony hits you. I saw what happened in the lab I had Friday pull up the video for me. I heard the sound from when Tony shoved you." Steve shook his head.
"Steve!" The slap was harsh and quick. A red hand-print blossomed on his left cheek. "You listen when I talk to you."
"Sounds great." Steve started opened his drawer and shuffled through his shirts.
"I-" Steve was cut off by Tony getting in his face.
"He'd just say things just to be mean. Then He'd pic fights over small things and blame me." Steve blushed. He held his head slightly lower, and refused to make eye contact with Peter.
"Now." Steve stood up and followed Tony to the elevator. "Pinch your nose."
"I will be. Let me come with you. Please Dad, I can take care of myself."
"What the hell was Peter talking about?"
"I deserve to know!"
"Did he hit you?"
"Shit, I'm sorry. Steve I didn't mean it. Baby?"
"Peter you've gotten in trouble probably three times your entire life."
Steve nodded enthusiastically, making a slight grunting noise at the pain that came from moving his jaw to quickly.
"Okay." Peter paused. "Dad, did you get a chance to talk to Pepper? I know your busy, but I'd really like to talk to her."
"No, no." He smiled a little. "I just want him to get help."
Thank you for all the support!! I’m sorry about messing up with the chapters I have no idea what went wrong but it’s fixed now. Also someone asked if I had a set schedule for updates, I don’t right now. I try to write far ahead and I think I’m almost done with the writing, but when I do finish updates will most likely be more often. Thanks and much love to y’all!!
"T-Tony." Steve squirmed. "Tony-agh!" Clint heard Steve's yell from the floor above. "Tony- pl-please. You're hurting me. Plese!" Steve grabbed Tony's wrist, but Tony took his hand from Steve's hair and wrapped it around his throat.
"Nothing baby, you're just slow." Steve relaxed, letting his shoulders fall.
"It's broken. They have it wired shut, but thy should be able to take it out soon. A piece of bone chipped off your knee, so they want to watch that. They're probably going to have to remove it, but they'll wait and see."
Sam stood in by the stove, and glanced between the two. "Well if you won't talk, I will. Dinner is ready. Just grab a plate and help yourself."
Dan pulled back and licked his lips. "Good isn't he?" Tony was distracted, so Steve backed away. "Awe come on Stevie." Steve kept backing away until he felt his back hit the wall.
"You know what, I'll walk with you. I have a question for you anyway." Clint got on the elevator before Steve could protest. "Steve, I know." Steve's wheezing stopped momentarily.
"Yeah then I think you go left." Nat sipped her beer then started to listen to the newest story being told.
"I'm here. It's alright. You're alright."
Tony yanked Steve's leg straight, letting Steve's knee pop into place. Steve yelped. He was being pulled by his leg, and although the pain was less, Steve could feel that something in his knee was still wrong.
"I understand."
Peter sat on the opposite side of the bed. "Dad. Please tell me. You never talk about mom. I promise I won't get mad."
"Nat-"
"That's a good one put that on."
"Thanks Friday."
Steve shut his eyes, blocking out all the sounds and movements. He adjusted when told to, even when it hurt. Before he knew it, Dr. Sackler told him that all the imaging was done and he could get down.
"My living quarters." Steve stood in the back of the elevator with his hands held together in front of him.
"Peter, I think it's a bad idea."
"What do you mean get everything figured out?"
"Steve? I thought you had cleaned up from this morning?"
"Confirmed."
"I didn't say that you could use anything. I want to see you down on your hands and knees. Pick up the glass, then lick up the rest." Tony chuckled to himself. Captain America on his hands and knees licking up a mess. That would be a sight he'd need to cherish.
"Oh Steve. You should've just told me. I wouldn't have had to do this. You, Peter, and I could've lived so happily if you had just told me." Tony's hand remained a gently but solid weight on Steve's waist. "I've got help coming. Okay?" Steve blinked heavily, and nodded the best he could. "Don't forget baby, you could've avoided this. Right? Sometimes your mind is to dumb to think about what your doing. But it's okay baby, you're going to be better right?" Steve didn't move, but kept staring at Tony the best he could. "Right baby, you're going to do better?"
Tony had been trying to relieve stress in his lab for about an hour when Steve decided it was time to leave.
"Steve-"
"Tony?" He cried out, standing up from the couch quickly. "Tony?"
"Dad?" Peter's voice rang out clear in the small room. "What happened?"
"Someone is on the elevator."
"Dad! You need to eat." Peter demanded, raising his voice.
"Tell me what?"
"Of course sir."
"There is a rescue inhaler in the med bay."
"That was Captain Rogers and Mr. Stark."
"And my father?"
"No, this is where I go to meet with my therapist." Tony put his phone in his pocket and kissed Steve quickly. "But they'll drive you to the tower and you can hangout until I'm done. I'll see you later." Tony opened the door but paused before stepping out. "There's this great Italian restaurant about a block away. The driver can bring you or they deliver."
"Nothing I just said that-"
"Are you going to be good Steve? If not, I'll have to punish you." Steve nodded. "Open up."
Steve rolled over slowly.
Steve grumbled something under his breath.
Steve didn't move.
"Captain, you can have it delivered."
"I'm sorry, please, please, I'm sorry."
"My living quarters please."
"Please don't make me." Steve whined. "Please."
"Please-" don't do this. Please don't. Steve couldn't form the words.
"Thanks Buck."
"What do you mean? Why?"
"To Sam's? Why?"
"Get away from me." Tony stood up quickly, circling around Steve, who was curled in pain. Tony grabbed Steve's leg and pulled. When they stopped, Steve had no time to react before Tony's foot had made contact with his knee at the exact right angle, pushing his knee cap out of place.
"T-Tony." Steve placed gentle kisses down Tony's neck to avoid getting in trouble for breaking the kiss. "I'm hungry."
"Peter is-"
"Stay in there." Bucky finished.
"I was abused." The TV rang out.
"What?"
"Peter, it's nothing."
"Tony had 24/7 surveillance on me and I was only allowed to eat when given permission.
"Tony? It's 4 in the morning! You said you'd be home at 2!" Steve steadied Tony, then gently guided Tony to the couch. They both sat down.
"I-" He choked on his words. "I can't tell you. 'lease don't make me."
"Wake up!" Tony grabbed Steve's hair and pulled his head up. The pain was sharp and Steve immediately slapped at Tony's hand and wrist, before realizing that it was Tony. He stopped slapping and sat up.
"Shared floor."
"Yes."
"Captain?" He could hear Friday call out his name, but he couldn't concentrate on the voice, he was trying to look around the room. There weren't any other people in the room.
"I have to go back to the city." Steve paused, waiting for a reaction. Sam was too busy trying not to choke. "I know that it's not the best idea, but the only way to protect Pete is to get everything with Tony sorted out."
He gave a soft smile. "I'm tired."
"You don't mean that..."
Steve laughed at himself. It was weird to think that at one point he was kind of like this phone in the sense that he was a brand new invention.
"Wait. Nat." She turned around, and Steve was trying to control his breathing and trying not to fall over.
"Is there anything you need to tell me Steve?"
"He's finding it painful when he eats."
Tony sighed and walked toward the table. It had three white candles in the middle, two set places, and a glass of champagne next to each plate. Tony sat at one place and waited for Steve to come.
"I did." He replied quietly.
"I heard you, and I don't care. Goodnight." Tony pushed the button for the elevator and waited, but just before Tony could get on, Steve grabbed his arm. Tony had the bracelet on his wrist that allowed him to just tap it and his hand was armed. He quickly turned around and punched Steve in the jaw. Steve fell the the ground and grabbed his jaw.
Steve pushed his forearms under him. Tony grabbed his hair and pulled, but Steve couldn't push himself up any farther. Tony slammed the side of Steve's head into the elevator.
Steve nodded.
Steve nodded, then turned back to the cabinets, grabbing a large pot, and an oven safe serving bowl. He set the oven to the correct temperature, and got to work making dinner. As the water boiled, he brought a small table out onto the balcony, spread a tablecloth over it, and went back to the kitchen to check the water.
"Nurses usually take the patients to the imaging, then bring them back when the technician is done."
"Are you sorry Steve?" Tony gently grabbed his shoulders.
"Damn it Steve! Friday get someone to clean this up." The elevator stopped and Tony basically dragged Steve out. He was dry heaving still, and immediately threw up into the trash can.
"Of course."
"Can I at lest kick his ass first?" Natasha smiles and laughed slightly.
"Steve?" Bucky gently grabbed Steve's arm and pulled him somewhat close. "How are you?"
"Any minute now Hawkeye." Tony retorted back. Behind him, Nat finished her beer and tapped Steve with her foot slightly.
"So, we're going to lower the table. Lay on your back, and I'm going to drape a heavy material over you. We'll do your knee first and then you'll have to move for your jaw. So can you stand?" A loud buzz filled the room, and Steve flinched. He slowly pushed off the chair, ignoring the hand offered to him. When the buzzing stopped, he shuffled to the table, trying to hid his backside.
Peter sat up and turned around. "Dad what happened between you and Tony?"
"Me too." Tony smirked. "But I'll wait until after breakfast."
"Peter?" Steve knocked on the door. He slowly opened it, allowing Peter to stop him if necessary. "I need to talk to you quick."
"Know what? I don't know what you're talking about. Why did you even come?"
"No." Peter turned to look at Bucky who was walking to Steve. "Oh look Dad found Bucky."
Steve brought his hand up to his face, letting his fingers gently run over the bruised skin of his face. When his finger touched his jaw, he sucked in a sharp breath.
"Where are you going to go?" Tony pushed Steve to the floor. A thunk could be heard as Steve's head bounced off the floor. "Huh?" He picked up Steve's bag. "I'm Tony Stark. Everyone loves me. Even Peter. Who's going to believe you?" Tony walked away, knowing that Steve wasn't going to leave. "You're weak. If you leave, you'll have nothing. You're going to make an even bigger fool of yourself than you already have." Tony threw the bag into the bedroom and walked back out.
The waitress stopped at the table to drop off extra napkins. She then took out a small piece of paper and set it down next to Steve's silverware. She blushed slightly and walked away.
"Natasha, wait. Please." Steve tried to stand up, but fell.
"Sam," Steve walked in and sat in the seat across from Sam. Sam shoved a spoonful of oatmeal into his mouth and glanced at Steve. "I have to go back."
Steve went back to the balcony, double checked everything, then stood in front of the elevator waiting. When the doors started to open, Steve smiled. His eyes crinkled as he couldn't contain the excitement he had.
"Oh drop the act Rogers. You're practically glowing. What did you do? Give him a quicky?"
"Well Tony, you pushed me into the elevator and threw a vase, I wasn't going to pursue you. You're an aggressive drunk."
"I don't know yet. When I figure it out I'll let you know."
"Your jaw? Awww does little Steve's jaw hurt?" Tony slapped Steve hard and quick. "Your jaw and mouth is for sucking." Tony gripped Steve's hair and started to undo his zipper.
"Sure baby, I'll cook."
Or how he got to the point were he felt guilty for eating.
"Steve you fought a whole elevator of people with one hand. And that doesn't make sense with the timeline." Nat said softly. When Steve didn't answer, she knelt down forcing him to make eye contact. "Please don't lie to me."
A few minuets of silence of silence followed until Bucky sat back down at the table.
"Steve, are you sure about this? What are you even going to do?"
Steve didn't even know that Bucky had arrived. When Steve asked Friday where Tony was, she informed Steve that Tony was finishing up tests on Bucky's arm. Steve had to run to the lab, making it just in time to walk Bucky out.
"What's going on?" Peter asked Steve.
"Why? What's going on?" Steve walked out.
"Hey Dad!" Peter walked into the room excitedly. He stopped dead in his tracts and the smile on his face faded. "What happened to you?"
"Stop trying Steve." Tony got off the bed and turned toward the door. "You ruined the mood. We were having a good time and you ruined it. So typical of you." Tony then circled back to the bed and sat down, facing away from Steve.
"No!" Steve didn't want Tony to get on. "Bring to to the lobby, no stops."
"Maybe, but he loves me and I was stepping out of line. I should have listened to him. If I had listened, nothing would have happened."
Steve hesitated for moment, then continued. He shifted the big duffel-bag into his left hand and whipped his face with the free hand. He headed toward the elevator.
I apologize for my lack of writing skills. I am writing the second part and trying to do better. Also, if you don't like the story, then please just don't read. There's no reason to spread hate. I totally understand, we all have our own opinion. However that doesn't mean you should be outright rude and unkind. (This goes for anyone's stories, works, and everything else.) Some people like constructive criticism, (I do!) but be kind and gentle about it. Thank you! I hope y'all have a lovely day or night or whatever it is for you.
"What is that!? Where did you even get that from?" Steve started breathing a little faster and scrunched his eyes close.
"Steve? I'm coming in." Nat walked into the door. Tony stood in the hall, his hands were tugging at his own hair. Tears fogged Tony's eyes. He didn't want to lose
Natasha put Steve's left hand in her left, and wrapped her arm around his shoulders as best as she could.
"Uh, yeah." Steve blinked a few times to get rid of the glassiness. "Yeah." He turned around and caught up to Tony. "W-Where did you sleep last night?"
"Care to get me another?" She said pulling her feet off him.
"Well Dan, you should know why you're here."
"Steven." Dan scolded him.
"Yeah do that. Thanks" Clint pulled his phone out of his pocket as the video loaded.
"Oh. No problem." Tony sat in the seat by the bed as Dr. Sackler pushed the wheelchair through the door.
"I don't know."
Then lifted his shirt over his head.
"If you are really sorry, then prove it."
"Friday, do a basic analysis of his injuries."
"He's still mad at me."
"No, you're drunk. I thought that you were done drinking. What happened?"
"But- I- made us dinner. And I set up a table so we could eat together." Steve sounded quiet and meek, afraid.
"Steve there's blood soaking through your boxers."
"You're connected boss."
"Would you please-" Steve had to stop. He shook with sobs. "Please- help me- please. I can't- I can't do this."
"Shit. What do I do?"
"Yeah but seriously, he didn't sleep all night and now he finally fell asleep." Tony tried to block Nat's way, but she wasn't paying attention to him. She walked up to the door and grabbed the handle. Tony tried to stop her one last time.
"I think getting everything figured out will help."
"Tony!" Steve stepped toward the doors, "I made us dinner out on the balcony and I-"
Tony lightly shoved Steve onto the elevator. Then got in after him. Steve held tightly to the small handle wrapped around the wall.
"Bring me to the common floor."
Tony typed something into a computer, then turned to Peter who had pulled up a lab chair. He sighed. "What happened Pete?"
"Peter-"
"Sorry." Steve mumbled as he crashed his knees to the ground. Steve refused to look up when he heard the sound of a belt being undone.
"Dad, Bucky asked me where we're meeting." Peter's voice broke through the silence. Steve didn't even move. "Dad! Can you answer me or answer Bucky."
"Tony-" Steve was cut off by a hard slap to his face.
"Peter," Steve paused to take a deep breath. "You are brilliant, much smarter than I ever could be. You don't get that from me." A fresh set of tears streamed down Steve's face. "Peter I took you in. Your mother just got out of a bad relationship when she found out she was pregnant. She didn't want him to know so she came to me and asked if I would take you in, and raise you."
Steve dumped the pasta in, and set the timer. Leaving the top off the pot, Steve grabbed two plates, to spoons, two forks, and two butter knives. He set them out onto the table, then went back to check on the pasta. While he waited, Steve gathered the rest of his ingredients and got everything prepared so he wouldn't have to hurry.
"Yeah."
Sam and Bucky were staring at the TV.
Steve heard Tony shift in the bed above him.
"Oh Stevie. You did so good baby. So good. Let me clean you up." Tony gently pulled Steve off of him, then stood up. "Come on." He gently pulled on Steve until he started to pull himself up.
A screen pulled down with a live video.
"Well, honestly, I figured you'd be more comfortable with someone you know."
"Captain?" Friday called out.
Steve whined loudly. No! He wanted to scream at Tony. Just leave me alone, please.
Love y'all!!
"No."
"What about Bucky? Must've been nice seeing your boyfriend."
Natasha stood, and slowly Steve followed suit. She grabbed his hand, and reached toward the door.
"Steve, you need to understand that I need more support. You don't try-"
"Steve?" Tony walked towards Steve and gave him a big hug. "And might I say that you look amazing. Absolutely perfect." Tony kissed Steve's cheek and stepped back. "What's wrong baby?"
"I said I'd have Nat find me a place, and that I wouldn't be alone with you." Steve answered quietly.
"What happened?"
"Obviously."
"What?"
"Are you listening to me?"
Steve searched through his clothes, but wasn't able to find anything his taste. All his old clothes were gone, Tony had replaced his clothes. Steve grabbed a random outfit and put it on.
Steve forced himself up. He tried to crawl, but mostly dragged himself using his arms. He worked his way to Tony, smearing the puddles of blood. "I-" His voice cracked. "I'm sorry Tony." Steve tried to lift himself into Tony's lap. A hard kick to his groin stopped him.
"He's just mad baby." Tony pet Steve's hair. "He'll get over it."
"Really?" Steve sucked in a deep breath. "Yeah can you get me a warm loaf of French bread please?"
"Why 'r you taking me then?"
"Hey Nat!" Tony yelled from the room.
"Get up. Now." Steve slowly pulled his head off of Tony's chest and Tony moved out from under him.
"I'm not sure." Steve stood up and leaned out of the doorway. "Is everything okay?" He called out.
Nat's eyebrows furrowed. "Tony, I'm going into this room no matter what you say. Let go." She glared at him, then qhauickly ripped her arm from his grip.
"This is pathetic. You just got some. You want my dick now?" Tony leaned forward and sucked on an already dark spot of skin. "You want me to push you against the wall, and fuck you rough and hard. I would grab your hair, and bit your neck. And just as you were about to cum, I'd throw you to the floor and make you get me off. I'd fuck your face until you were gagging. Your pretty eyes would be full of tears. And then when I was done, you would have to use my shoe to get off." Tony pumped faster. "And then when you came, I'd make you clean it all up. Every. Single. Drop." Steve started to back away, but Tony followed. "You'd fucking love it. Pathetic slut." Steve bit his lip. A slightly moan still escaped and he turned bright red. "And then I'd make you sit under my desk with my cock in your mouth while I worked. Every so often I'd rub your dick with my foot, but you'd be trapped for hours." Tony gave a harsh pull on Steve's dick. Steve moaned loudly as he spilled all over Tony's hand.
A tall brunette man walked in and held his hand out to him. He was bigger than Steve, but Tony confidently walked up to him.
"Please. just let me go. I'll just go to Sam's."
"That's one of the last things on my mind."
"Uh- Thanks." Steve started to panic. He pulled the mac and cheese out of the oven, added the finishing touches, then carried it to the small table he had set up. He covered it, then ran back inside. HE rushed to fill the pitcher with water, and the bucket with ice. He set them both outside, and rushed to the bar.
"What are you? Fifteen?"
"I'm not drunk anymore, I'm hungover and I know the perfect cure." Tony pounced on Steve, grabbing his hair and pulling him in for rough kisses.
"May I?"
"Hey relax. All we are going to do today is relax. I'm going to take you to the med bay, then we can watch movies all day and deal with all of this when you're ready."
The smile on Steve's face was bigger than it had been since he had gotten together with Tony. He was sitting all the way to the left of the couch. Natasha was laying out on the rest of the couch and was resting her feet and ankles on Steve. Tony sat all the way reclined on the right side of the love seat, next to Bruce who dat all the way up. Clint sat on the floor in front of Nat, Thor was sitting on the edge of a single person seat and Rodey sat in the other single person seat.
"What?"
"I'm not sure. I think Nat has some hookups where she can get me a place for a bit." Sam raised an eyebrow to this. "I was going to call her after this conversation because I don't want to have to bring Peter. I hate to be this person, but can he stay here for a bit?"
"I said you're not leaving."
"Boss, Captain Rogers is in the medical bay. Would you like me to bring you there of to the dinner he has set out?"
Tony made a point of putting his phone down before continuing. "Steve. What I did was beyond wrong... No, what I've done to you over our entire relationship is completely and utterly disgusting. I know I've done horrible things, but I'm hoping we can- that I can fix this and make it better." Tony paused to watch Steve fidget with his hands. "Steve please look at me."
"Sure." Steve whispered.
Steve stood up and walked toward the elevator. "I'm going to get this cleaned up then I'm going to eat. You're welcome to join me." Steve waited for the elevator then got on.
"I think you were having a nightmare." There was a laziness to his voice, he had just woken up.
When Steve walked out, Tony audibly took a deep breath.
"Kathy. And let me know if there's anything else I can do to help." She smiled and nodded, letting the elevator doors close between them.
"Please Steve." Tony grabbed his arm tightly. "You can't leave."
Steve shook his head no.
When the elevator doors opened, Steve couldn't make himself move.
Tony pulled away from the kiss and pulled Steve toward their bedroom. Steve followed without protest and let himself be pushed down on the bed by Tony. Tony kissed Steve then pushed Steve back down on the bed. Tony walked around to the bed stand and grabbed handcuffs and rope.
"Don't dent that." Tony looked to see Steve's fingers digging deep into the metal rod. "Steve."
Steve tried to slowly pick himself up off the floor. His head spun, causing him to fall over. He used his arm to catch himself, then stood up.
"Lobby."
Peter saw Steve on the floor.
"We have to pick up Tony."
"Thanks Friday." Tony mumbled.
"Steve-"
"It doesn't hurt. Gosh you're such a child. You haven't changed at all have you?"
"Yeah. Yeah I promise." With that, Clint walked to the elevator and left.
"Confirmed."
When Steve didn't move, Tony let go of his hand, and put his hand on Steve's head. "Look at me." Tony grabbed his hair and forcefully turned his head. "Steven Grant Rogers, don't forget why you're here. It's your own fault." Tears welled in Steve's eyes. "And if you tell anyone, I promise you'll regret it."
"Yes? If she's my real mother then I really want to get to know her, if that's okay. I want to get to know her. I have questions I want to ask if I can."
"No- I was on the way -ack from a long workout 'n I didn't eat all mornin' and some- uh a group of guys attacked me."
"Just 'fine'?" Steve pulled over a chair and sat next to Tony.
Instead, Steve closed his eyes, trying to relax.
"When?"
"Steve. I hear you at night. I know that you don't sleep."
"Tony?" Steve gently lifted himself out of bed. He tried to walk down the hallway without running into anything, or being to loud. "Tony?" Steve walked down towards the elevator. Before he made it, Tony stumbled into him.
"I should know better than to trust your dumbass with anything." Tony paused. He opened the shower door and looked Steve in the eyes. "You're a fucking disappointment." He slammed the shower door shut and walked out of the bathroom, mumbling about Steve being a "worthless whore."
"I- these guys attacked me. A-ah group."
"Do you remember that Avenger's charity event?"
"Yeah. Yeah, we do." Steve smiled back as he was pulled into a hug. Bucky pulled back and walked towards the door. "See ya' soon Buck."
"Bye kiddo!"
Steve. He really didn't.
"Is it Peter?"
Steve's wheezing grew louder and more frantic.
𝘛𝘰𝘯𝘺,
Steve got in the shower. It was cold. He cranked the faucet to the left, he wanted it to be as hot as possible. The water got colder. Steve forced the faucet the other way. He waited for a moment, but the water got even colder. Steve's teeth chattered as he thought about the camera, and just washed himself as quick as possible.
"Do I have to-" Steve didn't finish the sentence, instead motioning toward the chair.
"Come on Clint, let's give them some space." Nat pulled him into the hallway. "What's wrong?"
He went to what was supposed to be his floor, and his room. He was excited to have the privacy. He walked to the master bathroom and turned on the shower. Steve sighed. There was probably a camera in here watching him. He tapped the faucet to adjust it and casually looked around the room.
"Yeah, I mean you shoved me into the elevator." The doors opened and both men stepped in.
"Steve." Tony tried to get his attention. "Stevie!" Tony pulled back on Steve's hair, and he immediately opened his mouth and closed his eyes. "Steve, Peter is waiting for you!" Tony slapped Steve across the face to get his attention. "Stop acting like a desperate slut and pay attention every once in a damn while.
I finally finished writing so ya'll are getting two chapters in one day to celebrate. I hope everyone is staying safe and healthy.
Sorry
Steve ignored Tony's calls to him. When Tony walked into the conference room, Steve didn't move.
"Dad, please just tell me."
𝘐 𝘭𝘰𝘷𝘦 𝘺𝘰𝘶 𝘴𝘰 𝘮𝘶𝘤𝘩,
"Tony I'm sorry. I'm just upset about Peter and I'm nervous about the meeting tomorrow, and -"
I got a new iPad with one of those keyboard cases so (hopefully) I’ll be able to write more. However I have writers block at the moment so progress is a bit slow at the moment. Thanks for the support!
"T-T-" Steve tried to force Tony's name out. Instead, he was met with another painful slap. "T-"
"Nothing I couldn't handle."
"I know it's true. If you hadn't gotten the serum you'd be gone. Just another face. Nobody would remember you. Hell, why would the even want to remember you?"
"Yeah. You got it."
Tony cut Steve off by pulling him into a deep and rough kiss.
"I don't know. Dad said it might be the whole summer."
"Nothing, just teenagers."
"Anthony Stark, what the hell is wrong with you? I should knock you out. I should call Fury and let him beat your ass. Do you understand-"
"Okay... Friday send up some help, tell them it's an emergency. Erase all security tape from Steve and my own floor from the past hour and shut down my floor until I can get back there." Tony sat down next to Steve who was watching his with a half open eye.
"How about 'Alien' boss?"
"I don't know. Bucky? Sam? Nat?"
"Shit!" Tony got up immediately and set his plate down, the grabbed Steve's. "You need to go back to the bedroom and wait. Get under the covers and pretend that you're sick. Understand?"
"And you feel over because you were dizzy?"
"I don't care. Make yourself useful and bring me a bottle of something good."
Instead of answering, Steve turned father away from Nat.
"Dad you need to answer Bucky. And I need your help."
"How?"
He froze.
"Take your time Steve." Sam leaned forward trying to block out some of Bucky's intimidating form.
"Tony. Just let me go." Tony loosened his grip slightly.
Tony stood up. "You know what Steven?"
"We know that. It's just for the imaging. We need an accurate picture so we can see how the healing is going." Dr. Sackler inched the chair toward Steve.
"Ready?" She asked, squeezing his hand for reassurance.
"You should've told me." Tony's voice was shaking.
"Friday?" Steve was searching through all the different types of alcohol. "Could someone bring the bread up please?"
"Steve?" Tony smirked when Steve jumped on the screen. "What are you doing?"
"Dad's trying to find Bucky even though he's right behind him."
"Tony I was wondering if I could go to the store and get some stuff to cover up my face." Steve rubbed his hand over the bruises on his face.
The message was short, but Steve didn't know what he would write anyway, so he left it. The note sat alone on the bar, with the pen next to it.
"I don't know."
"Yeah."
Steve smiled. He rushed to the kitchen and came out carrying a pot. "I'm not the best cook, but Friday helped me." He scooped out some kind of pasta and put it on Tony's plate, then scooped another spoonful and put it on his plate. Steve walked back to the kitchen and came back out carrying a bowl of salad, which he placed on the table then sat down.
"𝘜𝘩- 𝘕𝘰𝘵𝘩𝘪𝘯𝘨. 𝘞𝘩𝘺?"
"I don't want to worry Tony."
"Tony-" His voice craked, and fresh tears fell from his eyes. "I'm sorry." He cried, but he didn't dare move closer to Tony.
"Steve?" The voice faded in and out, but it helped Steve focus enough for him to open his eyes slightly. "Hey Stevie. Relax. Breath, okay? The doctors are trying to contact SHIELD and find some medicine that can at least take the edge off."
Much Love!!
"Okay..." Peter hesitated before turning and getting on the elevator.
"Oh yeah. He's a slut for orders." Tony replied, smirking.
"What's wrong, honey?"
"As a meet and greet. To see if we would work together." He finished.
Steve flinched and rushed to the elevator.
"Really?" Tony was now clenching his hands into fist.
"N-No! That's not what I said and that's not true!" The elevator door opened and Tony was able to catch Steve off guard and shove him to the elevator floor. "Tony-"
When Tony walked by, Steve froze. "Have you been drinking? I thought you went to a therapist?"
"Yes sir."
"Well it started off as just fights, and he'd go a bit to far. Then it escalated from there."
"Yeah boss?"
"Alright, Steve, who would win? Bucky, Peter, or me?" Sam asked.
"Let's try a shower. No need to be stuck in dirty water." Steve nodded, but didn't move. "Alright. Let's get these off of you." Tony moved his hand to the back of Steve's underwear. Steve flinched slightly letting his eyes look up. He accidentally looked in the mirror. His face was bruised, his neck had finger prints, along with his wrist. His hair was a disheveled mess of blonde. Steve tried not to, but his eyes quickly glanced at his crotch. The fabric was tented over his hard cock.
"I don't know! He's being a jerk lately. He said that he's going to meet me down there and that we will stay at Sam's for a little bit."
"Steve. You've been home for less then a day and you're already pissing me off." Tony went to the bar and pulled out an almost empty bottle of brandy. He drank straight from the bottle.
"Damn it Steve!" Tony threw the glass of champagne at Steve who dodged it. "Friday don't call anyone!" Tony stood up and walked toward Steve.
"That's not what you told Sam and Bucky."
"Prove it?"
"Can my answer be myself?"
"You don't understand!" Tony yelled as he punched Steve across the face, presumably breaking his nose. Blood gushed from Steve's nose and mouth as Tony grabbed him by the throat again. "I am trying. I'm trying so hard just for you baby. Because I love you. So much it hurts. And I drink because I can't be good enough for you. I just love you so, so much." Tony pulled Steve into a rough kiss then let go of Steve's throat. Steve started coughing, and Tony stepped away. "Steve, oh shit. I'm sorry. Shit!" Tony ran to the kitchen and grabbed a bag of ice, then ran back and handed it to Steve. "Uh, we need to go to the hospital."
Steve nodded, and set his hand down on the bed. Tony gently ran his fingers down Steve's arm and held onto his hand. "They said you might have a mild concussion, but said it should be healed." Steve nodded, and turned his head away from Tony. "Steve?" Tony stood up. "What's wrong, look at me."
"I have a couple of friends I can refer you to." Steve sighed and broke eye contact with Sam.
Steve ran through the people in the train station. His bag swung at his side, and he turned to apologize to people if he hit them. Yet, Steve kept running out of the station as fast as he could. Steve ran out to the exit of the station, and walked down the street. A black SUV was parked about a block down and Steve sprinted toward it. As he approached, the door opened, and Steve immediately got in.
"Also, I believe that you'd like to know that Sir will be arriving in approximately five minutes."
"Peter if Tony says one bad thing, he can get you taken away! I'd never see you again. Do you want that?" Steve was almost yelling.
Steve got in the elevator again.
Steve followed the instructions, first picking up the glass, accidentally cutting his hands a few times when the shaking got worse. He stood up and walked toward the garbage. Tony could see Steve pause and take a breath after looking at his hand probably noticing the blood. Instead of washing his hand, Steve just continued to walk towards the mess and get back on his hands and knees.
"What was that?" Tony lightly pounded his fist on the table.
"He's actually sleeping now, but he's doing great."
I’m having trouble motivating myself. Send help lol.
"Good. And what do you want to do about Tony."
"Dad? Tony? Everything okay?" Peter walked out of the elevator, rubbing his eyes.
"Friday what's going on?"
"Get up."
"I heard a loud thump. Dad? You alright?"
"Then he can go to the apartment and wait for us there. Is it a plan?"
"I'm sorry." Steve kept his eyes low. "I think it's a good idea. I haven't seen the team in a while."
"What?"
"Peter-" Steve moved toward him, put Peter stepped back.
Tony left and Steve tried to get up. When he tried to sit, he yelped out in pain. Steve stood up, and just barely caught himself before he fell on the ground. "Tony! Tony can you please help me?" Steve took a step and bit his lip. He was in so much pain. As he went to take another step, his knee couldn't take the pressure and he fell.
"I know. I'm sorry." Steve kept his head low, waiting to get pushed or hit again, but all that followed was silence.
"Please, call me Dan."
"Yeah? I think so too." Tony took a deep breath. "Just imagine. You, Peter, and I. All living together and happy. And-" A knock interrupted the conversation.
𝘐'𝘮 𝘴𝘰𝘳𝘳𝘺.
"Well the most you can do, is work it out. Exercising is probably one of the best things you could do when you have lots of stress. Or have you heard about progressive muscle relaxation?" Steve shook his head no. "So you start with your hand." Sam tightened his hand and held it. "You make a fist as tight as you can, hold it for a couple seconds, then let go. Then move up." Sam released his fist, then tighten it again, along with his fore arm. "And you just do it up through your arm. It also works with your legs if you bounce your leg."
Hey Peter. What's up?
"Goodnight Steve." Tony turned around and grabbed a small vase and threw it at the wall. It made a loud bang when it hit the wall, and then when it shattered and hit the floor.
"Well I thought about killing him so unless you make a decision, Rodgers…"
"Damn it Steve I'm trying to concentrate!" Tony stood up from under counter. "You messed me up!" Tony took off the welding mask he had on and threw it at Steve, who easily caught it. "Why are you here?"
"Confirmed."
"What's up Dad?" Peter invited him in, but didn't pull his attention from the game he was playing on his phone. Steve closed the door and stood on the inside of the doorway.
"I'll just leave it next to your bed." Steve set the bag down next to his bed and paused. "Peter, I'm so sorry. I don't mean to be selfish, and I'll try to work things out with Tony. I just need a little time away from him. I'll have you back for your friends in the city soon. I'm sorry Pete. I love you." Steve sighed.
"From who?"
"A little something I made today. I actually got the idea from those pharmaceutical reps that were talking about- well actually, it doesn't matter. Your muscle mass won't change but you'll feel pain at a much higher rate and you will heal at a slower rate. I didn't want to do this to you, but you need to learn how to act. You are nothing more than a slut for my enjoyment."
When the door opened, Steve was barely aware of where he was. He slowly dragged himself through the doors, trying to focus on where he was.
Steve stood, ignoring the slight limp, and curled up under the covers. As soon as he was settled, Steve froze at the warm hands that wrapped around his waist.
Tony yelled at one of the bots to clean up the mess and then he ran to the elevator. Tony slapped the button and yelled at Friday to bring him to Steve.
"I'm not incapable-"
"I didn't really fight him."
"'ony?" Tears slipped from his eye. Tony lifted his hand and brought it to Steve's face. He pushed away slightly, but Tony was much to fast for the battered body. Tony's thumb lightly wiped the tear from his face and then slide down to Steve's waist. Under the clothing, the skin had already bumped up and was swelling.
"I'm sorry Tony." He called out weakly.
"Can't I stay?" There was a hint of anger in his voice. He gripped Steve's hair and pulled for a second. Steve mumbled something and shook his head.
"I wasn't supposed to!" Steve tried to lift himself up. The pain in his knee was excruciating, and Steve tried to straighten his leg, but he couldn't make himself do it.
"No. You're drunk. Friday take me to my quarters please." Steve sighed.
"I told you to get on your knees. Now."
"I know he did this to you. He injected you with whatever that thing was."
Steve walked to Tony with his head low. When Steve had walked close enough, Tony pulled off Steve's shirt, then pants, and lead him to the bed. They cuddled up together- Steve's face tucked into Tony's chest, Tony petting Steve's hair as he sobbed apologies.
"Good morn-"
"Please." Peter asked quietly, standing up from the bed.
"And for you sir?" Her voice had the same amount as enthusiasm, but her smile had almost completely disappeared.
Steve looked at Bucky, then to Sam.
"You don't know what you're talking about. Tony loves me, I'm just not good enough for him. All I have is Tony. And he does so much for me I could never even repay him. Of all the people out there, he choose me and he shouldn't have. I'm worthless so I need to do everything in my power to keep him, even if that means giving up my power!"
"No need to fight I could beat up both of you." Peter interjected.
"In your room?" Peter nodded. "I'll be down in a minute."
"Shut up about Howard! You don't know him or what happened between us. You knew Howard before he had me. So back the hell off! You are the reason he hates me! It's your fault that i was never good enough, and now look at you." Tony laughed at Steve who was holding pressure on the wound on his head spilling blood. "You're worthless and pathetic. I didn't even put my armor on and you're down."
"Lack of nutrition?"
"Steven Grant Rogers you're a fucking liar."
"Hurry!"
"Okay." He said, trying to stand up straighter.
"Damn you Rogers." Tony mumbled, and wiped his finger on Steve's tongue. Tony then picked the little pieces of glass out from around Steve's eye. He threw them into the sheets, then fully undressed Steve and bundled the clothes into a ball, and left them on the sheets.
Steve curled up as small as he could. He covered his head with his arms, refusing to watch Tony's foot stomp on him. His body shook, and his breaths came in short and labored.
"Wha-"
"Peter texted you again. You were supposed to call him earlier. I guess I did distract you."
"We're here Mr. Stark." The driver called back to them.
"Friday? Do we happen to have any fresh bread or can I pick it up somewhere near here?"
"Tony, please. If you stay home, we can just watch a movie and cuddle. Please?"
"Come on Captain!" Tony walked over and flipped the table.
"Wake up!" Tony grabbed the pillow and threw it, then he slapped Steve across the face roughly.
"Friday?" He stopped dead in his tracts. "What was that?"
"Where to?" Friday asked as Steve got in the elevator.
"Boss says he left some clothes for you to wear on the bed." Steve gently cleared his throat then quietly thanked Friday.
Bucky raised his eyebrows and sighed.
"Tony?" Steve walked into Tony's lab. "Tony? It's time for dinner." Steve walked around the bots and half made suits, to the large counter, covered in metal scraps and tools. Steve walked along the metal counter. "Tony?"
"Be my guest." Dan stood and walked over to Steve. Steve stood still, not understanding what was happening. Tony stood up, and walked behind Steve. "Steve are you going to be good?"
"Can you put me on coms to Steve?"
"Tony I won't fight you." Steve stood up and didn't move. "Please." Steve whispered as Tony walked closer.
Last chapter y'all! Thanks for all the love and support!
Steve lifted his head up, noticing the anger in Peter's voice. Blood dripped out of his nose onto the carpet under him.
"Do you and to stay with Tony?"
The second part has started! Right now (I just posted the first chapter) it says that there is 1/1 chapters, however this will have multiple parts I just don't know how to work this website. The story is called 'A Silent Scream' by me (MariaABC). So, go check it out and leave lots of comments and kudos!
"Do you remember the head of Tony's company? Pepper Potts."
"Let me answer it."
"We had a big meeting earlier kid. Your poor dad got sick and still went. He finally is taking a nap."
"Steve?" Nat gently opened the door.
"I miss him... When can I come home?"
"Need help?" Dan asked, nudging him with his foot. Steve nodded. "Beg."
"Dad!" Peter rushed to Steve who was curled in on himself. "What happened?"
Steve just scowled to himself and dropped the shirt he was holding not knowing if it was to old looking.
"Steve! Why didn't you fight back?"
Steve kept his eyes low and on the table. He didn't like when Tony talks to him and about him like this, but he wasn't going to change anything.
"Sir."
"My head is clear." He reached again but was swatted again.
"Wh-" Steve jumped out of the bed, his instincts telling him to fight. When he saw Tony he lowered his stance and laid back down. "What time is it?" He groaned, and adjusted his pillows.
"Spider-Man." Peter laughed, a bit defeated.
"I- I'm fine Tony, really, I'm just hungry. Can we eat, please?"
"Captain!" The doctor walked in. Steve was sitting on the bed and Tony stood right next to him. "How're you feeling? We need to get x-rays of your jaw and your knee." Dr. Sackler walked to Steve and gently checked his jaw. He lightly placed his fingers on his jaw and turned his face. "The bruising should go away within a few hours. I'm impressed by how quickly this healed with all the other... complications." He dropped his hands and walked to the counter in the room. "Any sharp pain or discomfort that you are considered about?"
"Tony- Oh I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Please Tony, I'm sorry." Steve fell off the couch and fell on his knees. "I'm so sorry. I'm sorry." He kept repeating.
"Steve it's only 7." Nat stood up and walked to Steve.
They didn't talk on the way back to the room. Steve could hear the doctor occasionally greeting someone in the hallway, but he refused to let everyone see how ashamed he was.
"Get up!" Tony yelled. "Get up." Tony nudged Steve with his foot. When Steve refused to move, Tony grabbed Steve by the throat with his suited hand. "I said get up. When will you start to listen?" Steve grabbed at Tony, refusing to hurt him, but he couldn't breath. Tony's grip got tighter, then he launched Steve into the wall.
"Dad's being a jerk." Peter stomped out of the elevator and into the lab. "I can't stand him."
Steve waited for someone to step out. Nobody walked out.
"Do you want to stay at the compound. Maybe a different floor, and I'll stay with you? Or do you want to stay with me?"
"Yeah- yeah."
"What do you mean?" Steve pulled his hand back. "I don't know how I can help you more? When I try to stop you from drinking, you get violent, and when I say we should take about it, you blame me."
"We just... drifted apart. We have our differences and they're just too much."
"Could I have your attention for a second?"
Feiday turned on the TV then the movies as Tony and Steve settles into the couch. As the movie started to play, Tony got a good look at Steve. His eye was black and swelled shut, he had a large bruise coving his left cheek, slight finger print bruises around his neck, and his wrists were red and raw.
"Well it might help it, but if it doesn't then you really need to talk to someone. Sometimes your body expresses anxiety in physical ways." Steve just nodded, keeping his head down. "Steve you should be careful when you go back. You should avoid meeting or talking to Tony alone."
"Yes sir." He whispered.
"Like hell you don't know!"
"But Tony I made us-"
Steve just started breathing faster and shut his eyes as tight as he could.
"I don't care. Close the damn door."
"Friday, can you pull up the live stream?" As soon as Clint asked, the live video of Tony's workshop was loaded.
"There was a sudden onset of traffic leaving you with approximately five minuets still."
"What do you mean 'I don't know?'"
"Is everything okay with Pete?"
"That's it babe. Lick it all up." Tony laughed and pulled out his phone and took a picture. "You've got a damn good tongue Stevie. How about we put it to better use?" Tony stood up and walked to Steve.
"Fantastic." Steve muttered, partially because he had more time, but also because he found the expensive champagne he was saving for a special occasion. He set it down on the bar.
"Stop- Please!" Steve screamed.
"Move." Natasha stood firm, and Tony backed off. She handed Steve his inhaler. As Steve breathed in the medicine, she pet his back. Steve did his inhaler again, then walked into the bathroom, ignoring Nat and Tony.
Tony pressed a button on the small device causing Steve to fall back, partially paralyzed. Tony straddled Steve, laughing.
"Friday, stall the elevator for a sec." Tony went back to passionately kissing Steve, who was returning the kiss, just not eagerly.
"You think so, Spider-Boy?"
"A joke?" Steve laughed.
"Breathe baby!" Tony pet Steve's face as he grunted, desperate to move. "Hey baby, it's okay. You need to relax. Take a deep breath." Tony took a deep breath to mimic what Steve should do.
"Yeah Buck?" His voice shook, and his head sat in his hands.
"Lobby."
"Tony Stark? As in the asshole that beat you?"
"Sixteen." He quietly corrected.
"Wait the bathroom is just down this hallway right?" Clint stood up and looked at Nat for help.
"Thanks." Steve answered the phone and shut the door. "Hey Peter." He tried to fake enthusiasm, but it failed. Steve sounded tiered and upset.
"I'm so sorry Peter. I'll be back in a couple of days. We can talk more then, but I have to go now." Peter nodded as Steve turned to the door.
"No. I'm leaving!" Tony stood up, slamming the part he was working on, onto the counter. "I'll be back later. Don't leave." Tony Stood up and walked to the elevator. "Let's go."
"Steve. Please let me in!" Natasha pounded on the door. Tony sat on the floor beside the door frame, with his head in his hands and was trying his best to not have a panic attack. "Please I would like to talk to you." She hit the door and sighed. "Come on Rogers! Work with me!"
"Tony, Dan, please don't-" Steve was stunned by the slap.
"Fine." Tony was working on building some kind of machine.
Steve closed his eyes, relaxing in the comfort of the hug.
A comfortable silence settled between them. Tony continued to pet Steve's hair and Steve's breath became more even. As Steve relaxed, his head slid down towards Tony's chest. Tony covered Steve with the blanket without disturbing him.
"My mother- Pepper. I want to meet her."
"Why is Bucky calling?"
"Was that the end of it?" Sam tried to hold his attention.
"Damn it Steve." Dan took a hold of Steve's throat with his left hand, and punched him with the other. Steve stumbled back and grabbed the wall to steady himself. Dan shoved Steve in the chest back against the wall and punched him again. Steve fell to the ground. He punched him again, and again, and again. Steve was laying on the ground, blood poured out of his nose, and mouth.
"Wait-"
"Oh." Steve cast his eyes down.
Steve whined quietly when Natasha pulled her hand away and walked out, closing the door behind her.
"Was it the plane crash?" Tony snuggled in close. Steve was grateful for the heat.
𝘚𝘵𝘦𝘷𝘦 𝘴𝘪𝘨𝘩𝘦𝘥, 𝘱𝘶𝘵𝘵𝘪𝘯𝘨 𝘩𝘪𝘴 𝘩𝘦𝘢𝘥 𝘪𝘯 𝘩𝘪𝘴 𝘩𝘢𝘯𝘥𝘴. 𝘏𝘦 𝘴𝘩𝘰𝘰𝘬 𝘴𝘭𝘪𝘨𝘩𝘵𝘭𝘺.
"No, more the cold. Ya know, the water." Steve could feel Tony nod. "I- I uh couldn't breath."
"Stevie?" Tony bent down to the floor next to Steve. "Hey, come here." Tony reached out and gently lifted Steve's head onto his lap. Steve flinched away lightly, but Tony wouldn't let him move away.
"I'm almost done." Peter shoot a look at Steve before returning all his attention to his phone.
"Well, let's get these X- rays done, and we can see whats going on. Change into the gown and I'll be back in a few." The doctor smiled and walked out, shutting the door behind him.
The elevator opened and Tony stepped out.
Tony pulled away from Steve, still stroking his cheek. "Let's take it slow sweetheart." Tony pecked him on the lips again and went back to his phone.
"Damn Steve." Tony took a step towards Steve and reached up to kiss him, but they were interrupted by the elevator stopping to pick someone up. Tony simply stepped away from Steve and stared the employee straight in the eye.
"I don't know."
"Hey Stark. I came to see how Steve is doing." Nat made a mental note of the plates of full pancakes sitting in the coffee table, untouched.
Steve struggled to get his balance. He fell to the side, then went forward.
"Friday, put this room in lockdown mode."
"W-What?" Steve felt horrible. Embarrassed, ashamed, small, and heartbroken.
"This isn't rough!" Nat grabbed Steve's arm to hold up his wrist. He flinched away. "This looks like rape, Tony."
Thank y'all!
"That's right. You're going to be better, then I won't have to do this." Tony looked up to opening elevator. "Okay, help is here. I'm right here Steve. They're going to move you, but I'm right here." Tony's hand left Steve's side as he was shifted from his side, onto his back.
"Doesn't surprise me." They sat in silence for a moment, before turning off his phone and turning to Steve. "So you're staying here for a few days, then you're going to tell Sam to send Peter back up."
"He's my son." Tony stopped pacing for a moment.
"I'm gonna guess four and a half minutes. Oh, now their having their "I haven't seen you in a while how have you been" hug." Peter sighed. "Oh Dad's looking for me. I gotta go, but I wanted to say bye to you."
An awkward silence settled between Steve and Tony.
"I'm leaving tonight."
"I own my own company. I could've given him everything. I would've been a much better father than you. You can't even protect yourself!"
Steve shrugged. Natasha pushed Steve's shoulder down so he was facing her.
"Open." Tony repeated, less playful. "Steven. Open." Steve didn't.
"I'm sending him to Sam's for a little bit."
"No. I don't want this." Steve wiggled away, but Tony grabbed Steve's ankle, and twisted hard. Steve let out a quiet moan from pain. Tony took the moment to pull Steve back, and wrapped his arm around his throat, cutting off his air. He pulled Steve's boxers down enough to get all the assess he needed, and forced his way into Steve.
"Bye Peter."
"He follows orders pretty well." Dan looked at Tony, talking to him as if Steve wasn't just standing there.
Tony left and Steve shuffled through his clothes. He decided to were a pair of black jeans and a grey button up shirt- an outfit that Tony had bought him a while ago.
"You don't get to tell me what to do." Tony stepped forward as Steve stepped back. "When you pay the bills, and build everything, and manage not only a billion dollar company but also the Avengers, you can tell me what to do! Now get me a damn drink." Tony slammed the saw down, making Steve flinch.
"No! Peter you are brilliant and strong. But you are also kind, compassionate, and caring. You got the best parts of both your parents. You are so good that you could never ever hurt someone like Tony does." Steve paused. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you."
Steve's eyebrows furrowed. "No! Why would you think that?"
"You should've just listened."
"It's not that simple-"
"Fuck you Steve! I can't believe you tried to leave me! You're lucky to have me, you know. You're dating Tony-freaking-Stark and yet you're still an ungrateful little shit."
"Great." Bucky smiled. "We need to meet up more often."
"How did it go?" Tony sat down next to Steve on the couch, and grabbed the TV remote.
"It'll be quick. I can have a nurse tell him that the line was backed up if it would comfort you." Steve just shrugged. "I'll do that." The wheel chair was pushed forward. They rounded a corner, and entered an empty room.
"Enough. Shut up." He squeezed Steve's throat. "Now you're going to tell everyone that you have some kind of meeting tomorrow and that you should be going to bed. And then you are going to go to bed and wait. No TV or phones or whatever. Just sit. Got it?" Steve did his best to nod his head yes. "Good. Now get the damn pizza." He let go of Steve's throat, but before Steve could get anywhere, Tony quickly stabbed Steve with a syringe.
"I thought you said my mother left."
"Answer me!" Tony stood up and yelled.
"You all set?" The doctor asked.
"Steve? What's wrong?" Clint walked into Steve's room, and was surprised by how loud the wheezing was. "Is that you?"
"I'm alright Pete."
"You're not so special." Tony shoved Steve's head to the side then walked away. "Now I'm going to eat breakfast and you're going to make it for me."
"Dad!" Peter stood up as he got increasingly angry. "I want to help! You can't just leave me here while you go off-"
"I'm going to kill him." Nat quickly got up and charged towards the door.
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable." She was bright red.
"S-Steve?" The door to their bedroom cracked open. Steve groaned, and rolled over trying to ignore whoever was trying to wake him up. "Steve!" Tony walked up to Steve's side of the bed and pulled all of the covers off of him.
Steve's body just trembled.
"Tony. This is ridiculous." Steve stood up from the couch but Tony walked toward the elevator. "Tony, please just listen to me."
What?
And he was up. Steve's heart raced and he shoot up into a sitting position. "What?" He called out in between his fast breathing.
"Thank you! You as well!" She yelled back.
"If you could let go of your ego for one damn second you would notice that he's in pain and-"
"Come on. Let's give you a bath." Tony glanced down to Steve's bottom half. His underwear were sloppily pulled over his ass. Both red and white stains seeped through them. "Come in honey. Let's get you into a nice warm bath and we can watch a movie together."
"Put him through Friday."
"Wait! Hold on Friday! Don't-"
Steve stood with his hands folded, patiently waiting. The elevator slowed and Steve moved to get out, but Friday stopped him.
Love y’all! Please stay safe and healthy during these times!!
"Lack of nourishment?" Natasha spoke up for the first time. "Steve have you been eating?" He didn't respond causing Nat to run her fingers through her hair. Steve had to look away from her. The guilt was too much.
"Oh, I'm not really hungry." He put his head down and stood as still as possible.
"If I may- I think we would be great business partners." He smirked at Steve before looking at Tony. "I mean if your taste in business partners is as good as your taste in boyfriends, then I think we'll do great. Dan smirked at Tony, and Steve blushed.
"Hey Pete. It's Tony. Your Dad is a bit busy."
"Stay?" The muffled sound wasn't much more than a whisper, but Tony stopped gripping his hair.
"He's- Uh- He's good."
"You can't remember because you're drunk." Steve laughed at Tony and pulled him into a hug. They sat like this, Steve holding Tony to his chest, until Steve fell asleep. As soon as Tony realized that Steve was asleep, he wiggled out of Steve's grip, and quickly went down to his lab. He grabbed the little red remote, and the headphones that went with it. He went back up to his room and hid it under his pillow, then returned back to the couch.
Steve rushed in, and ran up to Tony. "What's wrong?"
"Pete, I'm so sorry." Steve looked Peter through tears. "Your mother told me not to tell you until you were older."
"Oh sorry I'm not good enough for you." Tony slapped the elevator button.
"Please. Just- no, I'll use my mouth."
"Why?" Tony bent over Steve.
There was a moment of silence before Friday replied.
Top right corner of the shower. A slight red flash.
Steve just sat and watched. He didn't want to get in a fight over this.
When the elevator came up both Steve and Tony got on.
"Uh, hey Peter." Steve stood in the doorway. His one hand crossed his body and rested on the doorway and the other was hidden. "Sorry to bother you. I grabbed your gaming thing."
"Look Steve. I'm sorry. For the other day. And this morning." Tony stood up in front of Steve. "I just get so frustrated. With the company and the Avengers. And then I learned about Peter. I just-" Tony took Steve's hand. "I got scared. And jealous. And it hurt. Not only do I have a son, but nobody told me. And Pepper trusted you? More than me? So you got to grow up with my son, my blood, and I didn't even know he existed." Tears swelled in Tony's eyes, and drops ran down Steve's face. "I just saw red. And I took it out on you. I shouldn't have done that. I'm so so sorry Steve. And if you want to leave me when you're healthy, I won't stop you." Tony lifted Steve's face, and gently kissed the streams of tears that had fallen. "But I love you, and I'll do better. I promise. I'll go to therapy. For real this time. And I'll get better so you and Peter can live here. We could be a happy family, and Peter can be with who he belongs with. Me."
"Clint what happened?"
Thanks for reading and for those of you that left Kudos and kind comments.
"You really think I'm that stupid Steve?" Tony rolled his eyes as the doors opened. "Let's go." Tony grabbed Steve's wrist and pulled Steve out of the elevator then into a kiss.
"Sure thing boss." The doors to the elevator closed.
He didn't reply, just tried to back away from Dan. He got about four steps away before backing into Tony. Steve hesitated not wanting to get in trouble with Tony, but not wanting Dan to do anything to him. Dan took advantage of this, and gently grabbed the sides of Steve's face, pulling them towards him.
"Who is my mother?" Peter demanded.
"You know that if Steve wanted to stop he, he sure as hell could."
Peter sighed and turned away from Steve.
Love y'all
"Tony it's time for dinner. I made-"
"Let's just go to my bathroom. It's right here honey." Tony lead Steve, letting him take all the time necessary. "Bath or shower?"
"I'll go get it." Steve quickly handed the beer to Nat and walks to the elevator.
"Pete-" Steve choked on the words. "Please sit."
"Damn Cap. You can't hid anything in those pants." Tony checked Steve out as he grabbed his wallet and keys.
His mind flashed back to all the meals he wasn't allowed to eat. All the times he had to make dinner, do the dishes (despite having a dishwasher), or how the bland protein bars were the only thing he was allowed to eat for days.
"You're so fucking annoying. Either suck, or I'm gonna fuck you until you can't stand." Steve whined at this, but still refused to move. "Alright. Get up."
"No, darlin' you did nothing wrong. Have a nice day." Steve smiled and walked out the door.
"I think," Steve broke off into a small sob but stopped and controlled himself. "I think that I'd like to stay here with you."
And then he sobbed.
"Peter, now is not the time to talk about this."
Stay safe!! Love y'all!!!
"No. He told me to go to the bathroom and get cleaned up. He was being so loving and genital and I melted into him. After the... meeting, my body- well it... reacted. When he noticed, he brought me into the bedroom."
"It's Tony."
"Tony? I can't see in one eye. What did you do?" Steve tried to pull away, but his body protested and sent shock waves of pain through his body. Steve moaned in pain.
"I'll take the same."
"You can breath now baby." Tony played with Steve's hair gently. "You can breath." He whispered over and over.
(See the end of the chapter for
"No thank you."
"Tony I don't want to do this when you're drunk." Steve tried to sit up, but was shoved back down by Tony. "Tony, let me up." Tony continued to push Steve down and kiss him, slowly reaching under his pillow. Tony put the ear buds in and let up on Steve, who then sat up trying to break the cuffs.
"What an asshole!" Peter yelled and stormed out of the room.
When Tony finished, Steve felt humiliated. He was in so much pain, and he could feel the blood flowing out of him. Tony gathered all the white sprirts on Steve face on his finger.
"Yeah I didn't want to upset you." Steve sat up and pushed himself off the bed.
"It's her number. That bitch." Tony made his way out of the booth, laid 2 $20 bills on the table and walked out. Steve followed him slightly behind, but was stopped at the door by the waitress.
"You heard me. Why the hell is Bucky calling you at 9 in the morning?"
"Are you sure? I can figure something else out. And Tony's never hurt him, or hurt me around him for that matter." At this point, Steve's arm was trembling unconsciously.
Steve paused. He's stared into Tony's eyes. Tony dropped the grip on his arm and grabbed his jaw instead.
"If you don't want to, that's fine. I'm not sure if this deal will work though." Dan stood up and collected his stuff.
Two more chapters then part two is coming... Also I’d like to thank all of you that are supporting this story and if you get a chance, say something or doing something nice for someone today. There’s no reason to spread hate for no reason. Love y’all (even the people that don’t like my writing) and stay safe!
The shout from Tony caused him to jump and hit the control to far. Icy water ran down his back and over his chest. The door opened forcefully and Tony busted in.
"Peter, I don't understand why you feel the need to know all of this."
"Sure." Steve stood up and leaned over, grabbing the empty bottle from Nat. As Steve walked to the bar, Clint started to tell a story about Nat. Steve simply ignored the story and everyone's laughter and thought about how he enjoyed the time with his friends. He loved seeing everyone smiling and laughing, especially Tony. That's why he fell for him in the first place. Aside from his snarky remarks and sarcastic tone, Tony was funny and cute and his smile made Steve's world a little brighter.
"Sure thing boss."
"No. Steve what the hell?"
Steve didn't answer, just chewed his lip a bit.
"Tony you shouldn't be drinking this much." Steve tried to grab the bottle but Tony snatched it away and took another sip.
"No! Do you understand? Steve is a grown ass man. Just because he likes it rough doesn't mean that I did something wrong!"
"Bring me to the dinner, but don't tell him that I'm there."
"Steve. Steve you're safe. Just relax." Tony held Steve tighter.
I hope everyone is staying safe!
"Dad? What's wrong?"
"I've been briefed. I believe you want my company to oversee the charitable side of Stark Industries."
"Yeah." Tony gave Steve a kiss on the cheek and walked back to finish his project while Steve got into the elevator.
"Sure I do. You're worthless Rogers. You're lucky that you have me, otherwise nobody would even think of you."
"How can I assist you Captain?"
"Of course it's okay, and I understand. I promise I'll get too it soon."
"I'm alright. Are you okay?"
"Tony-" Steve stopped himself. "We had to protect him."
"Then when is?"
Steve nodded and started to walk back as fast as possible. He limped and almost fell down a few times, but rounded the Conor to the hallway just before the elevator with Nat in it opened.
When Steve woke up, he was confused, but guarded.
"Tony you're drunk."
"What else does he do?"
"Tony knows. He knows that your his son, and he's going to use it against us. So I can't."
"Stevie, look what I found." Tony climbed on the bed and grabbed Steve's wrist before he could protest. Tony cuffed his wrists to the bed frame and tied Steve's feet to foot board.
Tony moved his hands behind Steve's head and pulled him into a deep kiss. Steve pulled away slightly, but Tony grabbed his lip in between his teeth, biting until he could taste Steve's blood. Steve whined, but didn't try to pull away.
"You probably deserved it." Tony paused the elevator and turned toward Steve, grabbing his jaw, and squeezing. "And if you tell anyone, being shoved into the elevator won't be the worst thing that has happened to you. Got it?" Steve just flexed his jaw under the pressure and stared at Tony. "Answer me!" Tony slapped Steve. The shock of the blow caused Steve to tumble back and grab the railing in the elevator.
Today was supposed to be different. Tony wanted to review the tech on Bucky's arm and Steve just missed his best friend. Steve also hoped that Tony being productive would help distract him from drinking.
"Yeah. What happened?"
"Of course, Captain."
Before Steve could even look at the paper, Tony had reached across the table and grabbed it.
"Come on Cap, you have to take a day off every once and a while."
"I'm tired." Steve whispered. Among the yelling, it was barley audible.
This might be my last story for a while. I greatly appreciate the support and love. However, with this quarantine and everything going on, I cannot hand the blatant negativity I get from my stories.
𝘐'𝘮 𝘭𝘦𝘢𝘷𝘪𝘯𝘨. 𝘐'𝘮 𝘴𝘰 𝘴𝘰𝘳𝘳𝘺. 𝘐 𝘥𝘰𝘯'𝘵 𝘸𝘢𝘯𝘵 𝘺𝘰𝘶 𝘵𝘰 𝘩𝘢𝘷𝘦 𝘵𝘰 𝘣𝘦 𝘣𝘶𝘳𝘥𝘦𝘯𝘦𝘥 𝘸𝘪𝘵𝘩 𝘮𝘦.
"Captain, you have been blocked from making outgoing calls. I have contacted Mr. Stark to grant your request."
"Tony I don't want to fight." Steve grabbed a heavy book to defend himself. "Come'on Tony. Are we really going to do this?"
Tony sighed. He knew that Steve didn't deserve this, but Steve just needed to know his place. Tony was always proud of what he was doing to Steve as he did it, but after he was just ashamed.
"What?" Steve had pulled himself over to the closest wall, and lay with his back against it.
"Of course." Sam said without hesitating.
"The other day, when I found you on the floor?"
"Dad?"
"I'm just tired."
"Peter needed a good father, someone to keep him safe. Look at my face Tony! You aren't safe."
"Argh! Steve!" Dan moaned loudly. He took a moment to enjoy the view, then pulled out of Steve's throat. "Stand up."
"Peter! How are you?"
Steve set down his menu and took a sip of his water that the waitress had just brought him. On the other hand, Tony reached into his pocket and pulled out a small bottle of alcohol and dumped half of it into his coffee.
"…I thought the man was going to kill me right there." Tony was telling the story of his court appearance. "Those were good times."
"Not yet. I will though. Are you sure you are ready for that?"
Also, if you've read up to here, please remember to be kind online (and all the time) and remember the difference between constructive criticism and just plain rude criticism.
"I'm alright. It's okay."
"Steve aren't you going to eat?" Sam asked as he was sitting down.
"Morning Stevie." Tony placed a loving hand on the side of Steve's face.
"Captain Rogers? Tony would like you to start getting ready." Friday's voice made Steve flinch, but he silently got up and headed towards the bedroom.
T-Tony, I'm fine, I'll just go to the med b-"
"Nothing. Why?" Steve stood silently.
"I- I don't even- I need to go, just promise that you'll come and check on Steve tomorrow. Promise."
Tony grabbed a towel and gently cleaned Steve up, he threw the towel to the side then put another pair of clothes on Steve. He then pulled the sheets out from under him and balled them up. Tony then threw them out. Neither he nor Tony needed to be reminded of the worst night of both of their lives. Tony remade the bed, then undid the restraints on Steve's hands. Lastly, Tony cuddled up to Steve, hugging him protectively.
"You have an incoming call from Peter." Tony looked to Steve. He shook his head.
"Yeah Pete! I'm doing good. How are Sam and Bucky?"
Steve sighed. "I'm doing good Buck." Steve smiled and placed his hand on Bucky's reassuring him. "How are you?"
-Oh. Okay. I just called to check in. I thought he would've checked in earlier.
"Friday, save that video for me, I'm going to need it in a minute. Thanks." Tony turned off the computer, and swiveled his hair to face the elevator. A moment later, Steve walked out.
"Tony told me to close the door, but I hesitated because I thought I heard you. He wasn't happy and slammed my face into the door."
"Friday, give me some famous movie selections."
Steve hesitated, but raised his head. He kept his head down slightly before Tony gently placed his hand on the side of Steve's face. Tony's thumb settled on Steve's cheek and lifted his face so they could be face to face.
"Open!" He said playfully. Instead, Steve pulled at the new restrains on his hands. He couldn't get out. "I said open." Tony gave Steve a moment to comply, but When he didn't, Tony grabbed a glass that had water in if for Steve, dumped the water on Steve's face, then hit Steve with the glass, knocking him unconscious.
"I can use my crutch-"
"That's it. Yo'u're doing good baby." Steve stood up completely. He wavered a bit. "Let's get to the elevator." The first step pulled a long whimper from Steve. He limped forward cautiously until Tony took him over his shoulders to help him walk.
"Steve," he stopped to listen to Sam. "If you need anything, call me and I'll drop what I'm doing and travel to New York. No matter what.
The water was too hot. Steve tapped the control, trying to slowly bring the temperature down.
"No." Tony slapped Steve's hand away from the boxes of Chinese food. "You can sit there and watch me eat, or you can go do something, and make yourself useful." Steve nodded his head slightly.
"Yeah Steve we need to talk and I'm hungry so I came. So, what's for dinner?"
When Steve was done, you couldn't even notice the bruises. He went up to the lounging area and sat down with his new smart phone.
Steve walked down the hallway and into the bedroom where Tony was changing.
Steve still lay with his head on Tony's chest.
"How about we have a fun day in. I'll make some breakfast, and you pick a new movie to watch. Maybe something that you haven't seen yet."
"That doesn't answer the question Steve."
"𝘏𝘦𝘺, 𝘗𝘦𝘵𝘦𝘳! 𝘐 𝘤𝘢𝘭𝘭𝘦𝘥 𝘚𝘢𝘮 𝘢𝘯𝘥 𝘩𝘦 𝘴𝘢𝘪𝘥 𝘵𝘩𝘢𝘵 𝘩𝘦 𝘤𝘢𝘯 𝘤𝘰𝘮𝘦 𝘥𝘰𝘸𝘯 𝘰𝘯 𝘔𝘰𝘯𝘥𝘢𝘺 𝘵𝘰-"
"There is a small button on the left hand side of the phone."
