Sherlock rolled his eyes. There were, in fact, six different things that could have helped John deduce that they would stay in London. “We are only going to the airport to help Graham wrapping up the case.”
The steady pulsing sensation in his cock became more insistent and if John didn’t come soon, he would, too. Sherlock moaned around John’s cock, pressed two fingers against John’s perineum and rubbed gently, stimulating his prostate from the outside.
“See, that’s what I meant, dear. He didn’t mean to hurt you or make you worry about him, it’s just because he’s…” Mrs Hudson was struggling to find the right word.
“Look, I’m not mad at you because you read the invitation, love. It’s just that I almost missed it and apparently you weren’t too inclined to tell me about it.”
John leaned forward in his chair and slid his left hand up the back of Sherlock’s neck and grabbed a handful of curls in a possessive gesture. “Good boy,” he whispered against Sherlock’s lips and kissed him ferociously. Sherlock melted into the kiss and sighed when John pulled away.
. John dragged the broad tip of the riding crop over Sherlock’s red and heated skin, a fickle promise of what was to come when Sherlock pleased him.
Sherlock tried to reach out to him a couple of times while they headed straight for the line of waiting cabs, but John ignored him completely. He didn’t trust himself not to yell at Sherlock.
John sat up on his elbows and gave him a serious look. “Yes, of course. We’ve had casual but great vanilla sex before; that doesn’t have to change because of your military kink.” He tilted his chin up a bit. “Come here, love.”
The look on John’s face became incredibly soft. “Oh, sweetheart, why didn’t you tell me before? You’re
Sherlock flinched, feeling disappointed when the leather didn’t make contact with his skin. “Please, John,” he drawled and tried to nibble at John’s cock again, but John held him back.
“Mmh… what do you get out of it then?” Sherlock still sounded sceptical, but he wouldn’t fight this time.
John looked thoroughly debauched. A thin sheen of sweat covered most of his upper body and his stomach was quickly falling and heaving with laboured, panting breaths. Sherlock lay down next to John and looked at him adoringly.
Sherlock sighed and leant back in his chair. “Fine, I will help you on one condition. The next time you and your
,” Greg gestured straight ahead. They split up and John looked frantically for a tall man with dark, curly hair. He almost panicked when five minutes went by without even the slightest trace of Sherlock. Another two minutes passed before he spotted Sherlock’s silhouette in front of the huge window facade to his right. John redoubled his pace and arrived just in time to see that Sherlock was trapped against one of the glass panels at gunpoint. John quickly assessed the situation: this time, there was only the curved metal of the trigger between Sherlock and a bullet.
John took a deep breath. “He aimed at Sherlock, but hit the window behind him instead. Anyway, do you mind if we leave for today? I want to give Sherlock all the time he needs to process everything that just happened.” It seemed like the perfect excuse. John knew that Sherlock didn’t go into shock that easily. What he
Sherlock didn’t want to mess up the roles and dynamics they were slowly establishing, but he decided to take charge for as long as John let him. He swung his left leg over John’s hips as well to straddle his upper thighs, effectively lining his cock up with John’s. Sherlock was aching for some friction, but at least he didn’t touch himself that way. He rolled his hips slowly, moaning when he found just the right rhythm. “Fuck, John, you feel so good against me,” he gasped and John only moaned in lieu of an answer.
John opened the bottle of lube and drizzled some of it straight onto Sherlock’s cock. The detective hissed when the cold gel touched his skin and bucked his hips involuntarily. John poured some more lube onto his left palm and wrapped it around Sherlock’s cock. The detective groaned and felt his mind relax a bit. He watched the slow glide of John’s fist over his cock, unable to focus on anything else.
Sherlock’s low moan vibrated through John’s cock and John sighed in response. He clenched his hands tighter into the sheets to keep himself from grabbing Sherlock’s hair and thrusting up into the enticing, wet heat. The idea was tempting, but he did not want to dominate his boyfriend too much when they weren’t actually playing. Not that Sherlock would mind, obviously, but John was very keen on keeping the lines between those aspects of their relationship clear.
Watson. Sherlock grinned internally. He loved his boyfriend like this and was glad that everything went according to the plan that had popped into his mind the second he had read John’s email. Sherlock had observed that John automatically switched into Captain-mode whenever he provoked him on purpose. John on the other hand did not seem to notice Sherlock’s intent.
“You’re so good for me, Sherlock. Such a good boy.” John kissed him affectionately. “Don’t move. I’ll be back in a sec.” John went to the bathroom and returned with a wet flannel and a glass of water. He wiped them both clean, removed Sherlock’s 'blindfold' and guided them back to the sofa. He wasn’t exactly tired again, but a little rest would be important for Sherlock.
Greg laughed it off. “There’s nothing you can do about it. Trust me, mate, I know him longer than you do.”
.  He had definitely underestimated John. “God, Captain, I’m so desperate for it. Please let me come…
“That was tedious!” Sherlock complained as he entered their flat three hours after John had left the Yard. John looked at him from where he was sitting at their makeshift desk, typing away on the latest blog entry between piles of official NSY case files and papers with handwritten notes scribbled all over the page.
“Oh, nothing.” John suppressed a giggle and reached out to wipe the smudge away with his index finger. Before he could register the movement, Sherlock had already turned his head to suck the fingertip into his mouth and lick it clean with kittenish flicks of his tongue, all the while looking up into John’s eyes.
John took his sweet time before he gave Sherlock the necessary instructions. Patience was only one of the things that John would have to teach him. The ex-army doctor tried to keep his voice calm as he spoke: “I’ll go to our bedroom now and collect all the things I need for the scene. When I come back, I want you kneeling right where you are standing now: completely naked with your hands behind your back. Lock the door before you strip.” John didn’t wait for Sherlock’s whispered 'yes, sir' before he turned around and headed for the bedroom at the far end of their flat.
Of course Sherlock noticed the way John was trying to restrain himself. John wasn’t submissive and aside from that he didn’t enjoy being teased as much as Sherlock did… Sherlock gave the head of John’s cock another hard suck and took more of the hot, pulsing length into his mouth. He focused on breathing evenly through his nose when the thick glans nudged against the back of his throat. His jaw ached with the effort of taking all of John in but, inch by inch, he managed. Eventually, his nose was pressed against blond, slightly trimmed pubic hair and he inhaled the unique, musky scent of
“I’ll think about it if I get to solve this case before the weekend.” For the second time this evening, Sherlock seemed to refocus on his experiment while his mind was not at all occupied with the samples of the victim’s blood and the different toxins. If anything, he did in fact think about the invitation now. Knowing that John would appreciate it if he came along did not at all benefit his decision making process. It was a two-sided coin that Sherlock kept turning over and over in his mind.
Sherlock had quite a few, but for now he picked his favourite one. John couldn’t possibly miss the grin on his face when he remembered the details.
When they stepped into the by now familiar corridor Lestrade slowly turned away from the couple and took a few steps towards the interrogation rooms, giving them some space to agree on whether or not John would stay.
Thomas pretended to trip over his own feet but instead of falling to the ground he moved forward, effectively yanking his arms free from the police officers’ grip. Before Sherlock had time to go through the possible scenarios, Thomas had already got hold of the gun. He pointed it at the Spanish police officers, took a few steps back and moved around them in a half circle so that he was also aiming at John and the Yarders.
John was still lean but athletic from his army days with just the tiniest hint of pudge around his middle. Sherlock was glad he’d helped him find a healthy balance again after all those weeks of self-neglect –
“I’ve already emailed my results and deductions to Lestrade. There are still two possible killers, the victim’s sons. Both of them work in the medical field, both of them had a motive. I can’t yet tell who of them did it, but I know
Sherlock slowly sank into his chair. The pleather felt weird on his naked skin, but it wasn’t entirely uncomfortable.
John placed one knee between Sherlock’s open legs to keep his balance and leant forward to flick his tongue against Sherlock’s left nipple.
“Good.” He let his gaze roam over Sherlock’s body: his soft blackish-brown curls, sharp cheekbones, enticing lips; the way his too tight button-down shirt accentuated his long, pale throat, lean muscles, peaked nipples… “Strip.”
are on edge ever since it happened the first time. You feel like it’s your fault, but you can’t take it back so you try to protect me whenever you can.”
When they arrived at Heathrow airport, John was struggling to keep up with Sherlock – not only because Sherlock left him behind to pay the cabbie, but also because he hurried down the crowded terminal with single-minded focus. John had to run to keep up with the taller man’s pace.
“If you insist,” Sherlock said curtly. He was still sceptical, but as a general rule he trusted John – more than he had ever trusted anyone.
, definitely,' Sherlock thought. It was more than obvious from John’s posture: as if he was standing to attention, yet with the undeniable authority of
“Shut up and listen, boy. You think I’m an idiot, but I might understand this better than you do. Your mind isn’t crumbling, Sherlock. It’s still running at a thousand miles per hour, but with no case, nothing to focus on, all that brilliance of yours is a bit overwhelming. So you can either wait for another case to appear out of nowhere, or you can let me take care of you and try not to think at all for a while.”
. But we know that she did drown, so the only logical assumption is that she hyperventilated right before her killer shoved her unconscious body into the river. That’s why there were no signs of resistance on her body. By that point, the victim was too weak to save herself; she immediately sank down into the water and died as soon as it filled her lungs, but due to the fact that she hyperventilated right before her death, she drowned without actually asphyxiating in the pathological sense.”
John cupped the underside of Sherlock’s left knee with his right hand and lifted it up until Sherlock could place his leg comfortably over John’s good shoulder. John’s tongue flicked over his upper lip and he grinned when Sherlock’s breath hitched in response.
Again, John only looked at him. “I’m lucky you’re mine.” He locked eyes with the other man. “You are so beautiful, Sherlock.”
!” John didn’t take his hand away this time, but he pinched his fingers together under the head of Sherlock’s leaking prick, staving off the orgasm for a second time. Sherlock made a frustrated sound.
“You can’t seriously expect me to eat any of this before the case is closed,” Sherlock said determinedly and glared at the jam-laden toasts as if they were poisonous.
Sherlock reached out for John’s hand and intertwined their fingers lightly. John’s thoughts only confirmed the things he’d recently learned about Dom drop. “I’m not comfortable talking about it, but I have to, so please just… listen. I didn’t drop without you noticing it or anything. To be honest, John, yesterday was the first time in a long time that I didn’t drop after a scene. You caught me before I even knew I needed it.” He smiled at John and felt relieved when he saw the first traces of re-established confidence flicker over John’s face. “Actually, it’s
Suddenly, a new flood of tears was spilling out of Sherlock’s eyes and he did not know how to stop it. He had disappointed John. His loving, caring, protective boyfriend had tried to keep him save and he had disappointed him. The unpleasant feeling settled heavily in his mind palace.
Depending on the EU copyright developments, this *might* be the last chapter and fanfic I ever publish.
“You’re probably wondering why I’m interested in indulging your kink without demanding anything in return. Again, this has nothing to do with me getting off on ordering you around, Sherlock.”
The answer he got an hour later was much longer than expected but also very helpful. He sent back a short thank you of sorts, then typed another text message for John.
number by heart, but there was something comforting about seeing the name attached to said number. Sherlock typed out a text message, his thumb hovering over the 'send' button. He felt self-conscious, stupidly so, but she owed him a rather huge favour after all…
It took a few seconds for Sherlock’s dazed mind to coordinate the movements, but he managed to lift his long legs over John’s shoulders. The new angle allowed John to fuck him deeper, to hit his prostate with every thrust. Sherlock groaned and reached for John’s head, drawing him down into a messy kiss. John could feel his orgasm building low in his spine, coiling tighter and tighter in his belly. “I’m gonna cum,” he panted into the minimal space between their lips, leaning back to fuck his boyfriend impossibly harder. He wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock, jerking him off in a rhythm that was just as frantic. Sherlock’s mouth fell open on a wordless moan and just when John thought he couldn’t possibly hold back a second longer, he felt Sherlock clamp down on his cock, watched thick ropes of come paint Sherlock’s chest and abdomen. John came with a loud groan, his cock buried balls-deep in Sherlock’s arse. He was faintly aware of the last spurts of Sherlock’s come running warmly over his fingers, the feeling of Sherlock’s cock softening in his hand. They both panted harshly, slowly coming down from their spectacular orgasms. John leaned forward and rested his head on Sherlock’s shoulder, ignoring the sticky mess between them. They could worry about cleaning up after their post-sex nap.
he was getting punished. “Of course I could tell you why I was angry with you, but there’s no point in that. I want you to
“There’s something else we have to get out of the way before I can fuck you into oblivion,” John said out of the blue, his casual tone undermining the meaning of his words. “Every time you feel bored, you’re itching for cigarettes. How many times did you promise me you’d quit?” John added a twist of his wrist and Sherlock moaned.
Sherlock felt the pleasure rise and ebb in waves, but his arousal was constantly building. Sherlock clenched his hands into fists and did everything he could to take his mind off the buzzing toy in his arse. He even tried to focus on the boring, predictable soap opera that happened to be John’s favourite show. It worked for a while but ten minutes into the first episode Sherlock felt his body approach the sharp edge of orgasm with increasing intensity. He didn’t want to give John the satisfaction of knowing that ten minutes and a vibrating butt plug were all it took to make him fall apart. He really didn’t want to beg for release already, but as if on cue, John switched the plug to a higher setting. Sherlock almost lost his posture and a needy groan escaped his lips. Suddenly, he felt himself standing right on the edge.
He hadn’t participated in any kind of power play since he’d joined the army and Sherlock had told him about his consensual but questionably safe and sane experiences. Why had he even agreed to indulge Sherlock’s military kink in the first place? He’d been selfish and he ended up hurting Sherlock just like the stupid Dom before him. What if Sherlock wanted to break up with him altogether? To find a better Dom… maybe even a better boyfriend?
He only set the skull back down on the mantle, searching his Persian slippers next. “Where are they? John, where are my cigarettes?” he demanded impatiently. He threw one of the slippers across the room and delved into a stack of papers.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock breathed. He shivered at the prospect of his punishment. In the beginning of this power exchange, John had been overly cautious, carefully probing Sherlock’s limits and pain tolerance. Now that he knew them, he wouldn’t hold back.
Somehow, this particular background knowledge made Sherlock feel even more eager to submit to that amazing man.
Sherlock gulped the liquid down greedily. He hadn’t realised how thirsty he’d got in the aftermath of the scene. He set the glass back on the coffee table and stretched luxuriously on the sofa, his head resting on John’s thighs. John raked his fingers through the soft curls and gently massaged Sherlock’s scalp.
?” he asked teasingly, ignoring his own arousal for a while in order to focus all of his attention on John’s reaction. For a brief moment, John’s movements stuttered to a halt altogether, then he sat back between Sherlock’s legs. There was a calculating look in his eyes, but Sherlock also noticed the hint of a smirk tugging at the corners of his mouth. Sherlock’s heartrate increased when John locked eyes with him, silently asking for something that Sherlock was more than eager to give. No consent for leaving love bites and scratches and other marks on Sherlock’s immaculate skin to make damn sure that everybody knew he was taken, no permission to make things rough; nothing they hadn’t agreed on before. No, John was looking for a more dedicated mind-set, an even deeper kind of submission; something that made Sherlock shiver and mewl and nod in wordless agreement.
Pros: He knew that John was glad whenever he showed some interest in his boyfriend’s social life and he would spend a whole evening in a room full of veterans and perhaps John would even wear his old uniform.
The criminal was only a few yards from John, but he couldn’t aim at him because there were still too many people between his gun and the potential target.
John took a deep breath and exhaled audibly. He was too well aware that living in the same flat with Sherlock – let alone being in an intimate relationship with the insufferable prick – left no room for privacy, and yet… “If you really read this mail, you would know that it’s not stupid or unimportant but rather an invitation to a veteran reunion.
“Go on, Sherlock,” John commanded before he took the head of Sherlock’s cock into his mouth and sucked hard. Sherlock moaned loudly.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist, soaking up the heat of Sherlock’s naked skin on his while he kissed him affectionately. It started soft and slow with John unhurriedly brushing their lips together, licking and sucking and nibbling at Sherlock’s lush bottom lip till Sherlock impatiently plunged the tip of his tongue past the seam of John’s lips. He flicked his tongue against John’s, slowly, hesitantly, waiting for the other man to take control again… but John let him dominate the kiss. Sherlock swirled his tongue around his boyfriend’s, gently sucked on the warm, slick muscle and hummed contentedly when John gave a soft moan.
Instead of choosing the riding crop, John reached for the bottle of lube. He coated the index and middle finger of his left hand with a proper amount of the transparent gel and placed his right hand on the small of Sherlock’s back to steady him.
“Thanks, Greg,” John mumbled and rushed away from the scene. He didn’t want to look at Sherlock, Thomas or the splintered glass panel. Sure enough, these images were pretty clearly edged into his memory already. He cared about Sherlock. He was angry with Sherlock. He was angry with him
Sherlock kept his eyes closed and nodded silently, but John needed to be sure. He placed his right hand against the left side of Sherlock’s jawline, relieved when Sherlock snuggled into the touch. “Look at me, Sherlock. Do you want to use your safeword? Is something keeping you from doing this?”
“That’s one way to put it,” he admitted vaguely and took another sip of the warm, strangely calming tea.
“First things first: Submission has to be given freely. True submission cannot be forced, but that doesn’t mean I can’t order you around if you want me to.”
“I’ve had better days,” he answered evasively and managed a smile that didn’t really reach his eyes.
Sherlock smiled triumphantly but pretended that he didn’t dare to move. “I know exactly how you killed her; you and your brother. You’re an idiot, acting on impulses, but the plan was well thought out.”
When John was convinced that he might as well add a third finger, he slipped both fingers out of Sherlock’s well-prepped arse and picked up the butt plug instead. He covered the toy with lube as well before he pressed it against Sherlock’s entrance. Sherlock groaned wantonly, but John showed no mercy. He gave Sherlock’s arse another slap for good measure, only increasing the loudness of his needy moans. Sherlock struggled hard not to writhe in pleasure and want when John slowly fucked him with the toy. “Please, Captain, give me all of it. I really need it,
“Breaking a promise once is bad enough, but a second time… It made me feel really desperate. Why would you go back to bad habits and ignore your doctor’s orders? Or ignore the fact that I told you many times how much I hated kissing you with that lingering tobacco stench? It really made me think that you didn’t care about me, about
John arched back into Sherlock’s skilled fingers, enjoying every bit of it. “I’m, I’m– fuck I’m gonna come. Christ,
John nodded understandingly. “I think talking about it has already helped me to feel a bit better. Thank you, sweetheart.” He brought their intertwined hands closer towards him and pressed his lips gently against the back of Sherlock’s hand in a short kiss.
Greg bit his lip and seemed to think about it for a moment. “Deal,” the DI said curtly and stood up from his desk. “But I
Their last session was somewhat intense. John is going into Dom drop and Sherlock is being Sherlock, so things don’t go too smoothly.
It wasn’t until Wednesday afternoon that Sherlock got an update on the case. He had spent the last 24 hours rewinding the details over and over in his mind, but something about the murder just wouldn’t fall into place. He felt like one of the key elements remained hidden in the dark, but by 4:30 p.m. illumination came in form of a phone call. An upset sounding Lestrade explained to him that not one but both suspects were guilty. Unfortunately, only one of them was still in custody. The other one…
“Good boy.” John’s simple praise was enough to tip him over the edge emotionally. Sherlock tried to suppress a little sob, but he couldn’t keep his emotions from spilling over. He shook slightly when he felt the hot tears spill over his closed eyes and run down his cheeks.
“Shh, it’s alright, sweetheart,” John cooed but to be honest, he couldn’t wait any longer either. Sherlock gave an indignant moan when John’s fingers slipped out of him, leaving him feel unpleasantly empty. Sherlock spread his legs even further, planting his feet flat on the bed. Once more, John reached for the bottle of lube, spread a fair amount of it on his cock and slowly breached Sherlock, pressing forward inch by inch, until he was fully buried in his boyfriend. John revelled in the feeling of having his entire cock engulfed in Sherlock’s tight, pulsing heat and a throaty groan escaped his lips when Sherlock deliberately clenched around him. He gave Sherlock some time to adjust to the stretch before he set a slow rhythm and leant forward to crush their mouths together in a passionate kiss. Sherlock moaned shamelessly into John’s mouth when John’s thrusts eventually became deeper but, as marvellous as it felt, that wasn’t quite what Sherlock had in mind.
With the riding crop still in hand, John walked around the quivering man and crouched down in front of him. Sherlock let his head hang low between his shoulders and the sudden presence of John’s warm hand against his tear-stained cheek startled him. “I’m proud of you, pet. You’ve been doing so well. Are you alright?”
“Believe me, I’m only getting started–” before Sherlock had a chance to finish his sentence, Thomas tried to pull the trigger, but the gun only made a clicking sound with the safety still on. John and the other police officers quickly drew their weapons as well, but they didn’t get a proper chance to aim at the man who was already disappearing into the dumbfounded crowds. Sherlock didn’t have to think twice.
It took two, three more strokes and Sherlock bucked into John’s fist and came with a shout. John stroked him through his orgasm and murmured encouragements and sweet little praises into Sherlock’s ear. He couldn’t take his hands off the man till he was whimpering with the overstimulation.
when they weren’t playing, but Sherlock found it appropriate. “Not sure about you, though…” he placed wet, open-mouthed kisses on John’s pecs, sternum and abs. By the time Sherlock reached his lower belly, John was struggling to breathe evenly.
Sherlock didn’t have to think twice: “Yes, please, Captain!” He planted his right foot flat on the sofa and arched his hips off the seat to make it easier for John to remove the plug. Sherlock winced when the rigid toy nudged against is overstimulated prostate, but he waited patiently while John set the plug aside for cleaning it later. Again, John reached for the lube and squeezed a dollop onto his left palm.
“What do you mean by 'basically'?” John asked and placed his left hand on Sherlock’s sternum when Sherlock came closer to kiss him again. They still had plenty of time for lazy kisses and sloppy blow jobs and whatever Sherlock had in his beautiful mind, but right now John was honestly curious about the details of the case and why Sherlock had suddenly turned all needy before the murder was properly solved.
John shifted around on his chair. He was clearly feeling uncomfortable. “I didn’t want to take advantage of your submission.”
Sherlock sighed. “The reunion is in five days and I meant to tell you about it, John, I really did, but–” Sherlock simply gestured at the sample under the microscope in front of him. When he was in case mode, he tended to ignore everything that did not directly concern the case, including his need for food and sleep and – much to John’s dismay – his sex drive.
“Boring, dull, predictable… I know all the details! Why would I read about something I already know?” Sherlock complained. He sat up as he noticed the single cup of tea on the coffee table (one of Mrs Hudson’s) and sniffed at it. English breakfast tea, no milk but at least one spoonful of sugar. John had made it for him, then.
John did not know which reaction was more appropriate: rolling his eyes and giving an exasperated sigh or laughing hysterically. Only Sherlock had the nerve to call an armed criminal who pointed a gun at his head 'idiot'. In the end, he did neither and reached slowly, ever so slowly, for his own gun instead.
Sherlock swallowed nervously and forced himself to look directly at John. Why would he possibly need his safeword? John respected his limits and offered him physical comfort, even after a reward! “Yes, Captain.”
John stepped back and picked up the riding crop with his right hand, shifting his stance to get a good angle. “I know that you enjoy a good cropping for fun, Sherlock, and we’ll get to that later. But right now, it’s time to punish that impossible behaviour of yours. Telling me to ‘fuck off’? Not a good idea. Not a good idea
“Aaaah, fuck! You haven’t let me come in a week and my balls feel sssso heavy. My cock is so hard it hurts, but all I can do is watch you wank and listen to all the th-things you want to do to me when I’m finally off punishment.” Another moan escaped his lips when John engulfed all of Sherlock’s rigid length in the wet heat of his mouth and swallowed around him.
“Will you come with me? Next Saturday, I mean?” John looked at his boyfriend and smiled nervously. He knew how much Sherlock hated those kinds of events, but for some reason it was important to him. The others would bring their partner along as well.
“If I were you, I’d be angry as well. You worry about him, that’s all. Did he at least apologise to you?”
Three hours and a Bond film later, John checked the rest of his emails and realised something he had been totally oblivious of before: Sherlock had only read that one particular message. All the other ones, some of them received before the invitation, some of them received afterwards, were still marked as unread. So why had this one caught Sherlock’s interest right away?
Cons: Perhaps John would even wear his old uniform and the mere thought of it left Sherlock hard and wanting. There was no way he could possibly survive the evening without embarrassing himself or his boyfriend if John decided to wear his uniform.
pissed off. “Keep talking like that and I’ll give a very clear idea what I’m capable of as a Dom. You think I can’t handle bratty behaviour?” John’s voice was dangerously low, but it didn’t affect Sherlock in the slightest.
When there was still no sign of him by ten thirty, Sherlock decided to go to bed on his own for once. Hopefully, John would be there when he woke up in the morning. Their fight had been terrible, but John never spent the night anywhere else. Sherlock pulled the blanket tighter around his crouched frame. Minutes went by in a torturously slow pace and no matter how hard he tried to think about his latest experiment, after a few seconds he was back to worrying about John…
John turned around and grabbed Sherlock’s scarf from the coat rack. “Do you trust me enough to blindfold you with this?”
He considered the chances of Sherlock not noticing that his PTSD got the better of him once again and almost laughed at the absurdity. His boyfriend probably knew already that something was off. The way he had deduced him after their last session… No, John decided to come clean with Sherlock, to talk about every bloody detail if need be. Getting the words out once and for all wouldn’t be easy, but still easier than having his own thoughts thrown back at him in one of Sherlock’s brilliant deductions.
“Let me take care of you now,” John whispered and sat back a bit. Sherlock looked utterly debauched. His body was covered in a mess of sweat, tears, lube and precome. “Let’s get you a nice, warm shower and some dinner. Sounds good?”
“Instead, you’re bringing yourself over the edge, stroking your cock hard and fast until you come all over my face. You tell me that I’m not allowed to wash it off until everyone in the squad knows that I’m your little slut.”
. “It always makes me feel uneasy when you deliberately neglect your basic needs for a case. I’m so proud of you, Sherlock, and you’ve clearly earned a reward for that.”
Sherlock stored that bit of information away in a new wing of his mind palace and nodded approvingly.
are capable of! Don’t think for a second that I’m weak or vulnerable because I’ve got a history with a mediocre Dom who gave a crap about aftercare. You are nothing like him and it’s not your task to make up for his stupid mistakes! When I say I’m fine, I mean it.”
“I love it when you’re all needy and desperate for me,” John breathed and pressed a chaste kiss against the head of Sherlock’s cock.
” The sentence left his lips so quickly that it sounded like a single word. “So, do you want me to tell you everything I’m okay with in a scene? Every… kind of play I’m amenable for?” Sherlock asked self-consciously. He had never felt
“Yeah, God knows I’m used to it,” Clara sniffed. “Harry’s not in hospital anymore, she’s home, John. She’s with me, but I have to leave for work in three hours. I… fuck, I hate her for doing this and I’m not letting her down,
John smiled as he flicked his tongue over the slit and tasted Sherlock’s bitter precome. He could think of a couple of ways to make Sherlock aware of his authority.
, pet. I think twenty are appropriate. I want you to count them out loud and thank me for each one. Understood?”
Sherlock knelt down between John’s spread legs and braced his hands on either side of John’s hips; his mouth only inches above John’s crotch. John’s rock-hard cock was lying on his lower belly, foreskin fully retracted, the exposed head shiny wet with precome. It was a bit shorter than his own cock but much thicker. Sherlock licked his lips at the mere sight of it and slowly went down on John. “Let me show you just
“You’ve really earned this reward, sweetheart, but there’s something you can do for me in turn.” His hot breath brushed against Sherlock’s cock as he spoke.
Sherlock gracefully got to his feet and walked towards John who was still standing near the door to their flat. Keeping a small distance that respected John’s personal space, Sherlock was about to assume a kneeling position in front of the other man, but John stopped him with a simple: “No, sweetheart.” Sherlock gave John a confused look. “You don’t have to kneel for me unless I order you to. Is that clear?”
The ex-army doctor let his fingers travel lower, slipping them under the waistbands of thin pyjama bottoms and silky boxer briefs to grab two handfuls of Sherlock’s round, firm arse. He rutted his morning erection demandingly against Sherlock’s upper thigh and Sherlock smiled into the kiss. His own cock was hard and pulsing by now, but he’d have to get used to the feeling till Saturday evening.
Sherlock bent down to press his lips against the scarred tissue on John’s left shoulder in a short but loving kiss. “Why did you never tell me?” he whispered against the skin.
John tugged gently at the curls in his hands and Sherlock gave a soft moan as he tilted his head back obediently. John grinned. “I don’t feel like playing a scene either, but if you don’t want to break with your submissive role, you should know that you can please me
“You’re so good at this,” John breathed when he registered the two different kinds of stimulation. “So fucking good, sweetheart.
John didn’t have to think twice. “There aren’t many I’ve encountered as a dominant play partner… I don’t like inflicting pain if it goes beyond 'mild'. I’m fine with bringing my military persona into that, but I won’t engage in anything medical."
John looked at her, considering what he could and couldn’t tell her. “He’s fine, I suppose. Not in trouble with the police if that’s what you mean.”
“I’ve never taken him for someone who’s interested in other blokes… Greg, that is. Anyway, how did you find it out?” John asked with genuine curiosity.
I’ve got to admit that I mostly write for myself, but it makes me happy and motivates me that other people like my stories, too.
The landlady set her teacup back on the saucer with a clattering sound. “Oh John, I can see why you’re so agitated! It must have been quite a bit of a shock for you.”
“Please, John. Please take care of me.” God, why was he already begging? He really needed John to shut down his mind then.
They couldn’t possibly arrive in time. “John!” he called and headed for the sitting room. “John, get ready, hurry up. We’re leaving in five minutes!”
Sherlock flicked his tongue sheepishly against the base of John’s cock and traced the thick vein on the underside with only the very tip of his tongue. John moaned as Sherlock rubbed his tongue against the frenulum. His cock demandingly twitched upwards against Sherlock’s mouth, but he didn’t take it between his lips just yet. He let his saliva gather before he started at the base again, this time flattening his tongue to slick up as much of John’s length as possible. Sherlock looked up and met John’s needy gaze as he closed his lips around the head and sucked gently. He alternated between sucking and licking at the sensitive glans and John tilted his head back, his mouth falling open on a wordless moan. Sherlock dipped his tongue into the slit and hummed around John’s length when even more precome spilled into his mouth. The mostly bitter tang of it made his own cock pulse and twitch against his pyjama bottoms. Sherlock wondered for a brief moment whether he could actually come from sucking John off alone. Whether his arousal could also peak in an overwhelming orgasm only from tasting and swallowing John’s hot, salty come. He groaned at the thought; coming in his pants would play well into his humiliation kink.
was the very reason John was in that kind of headspace – he would try everything to get John out of it.
“Oh, John, as always you see, but you don’t observe. My mind is rotting away! I can feel it falling to pieces, but of course someone like you wouldn’t understand this.”
Mrs Hudson fidgeted with the hem of the tablecloth before she finally spoke. “It’s none of my business, John, but I know when something’s not quite right between the two of you.”
John darted a glance at his boyfriend who was still sitting in the kitchen only to note that he was completely absorbed in one of his many experiments for real now. There was no point in asking Sherlock anything then; he probably wouldn’t even notice it. John yawned heartily and gazed at his watch. It was already half past twelve and there were no signs that Sherlock would finish up his experiment anytime soon; if anything, the kitchen table was covered in a mess of even more substances, blood samples and other things that turned the room into a chemical laboratory.
John left him like that for a couple of minutes, occasionally darting a glance at him to see whether he was ready for another go. When Sherlock’s breathing returned to normal, John switched the plug back on. This time, he started right away with the second setting. Sherlock groaned and mewled through the onslaught of sensations, but John only grinned. “No use in whining, Sherlock. We’re only getting started,” he said but kept his eyes firmly on the telly screen.
“Besides, you said it yourself this morning: the case is basically solved.” Sherlock opened his mouth, but John cut him short: “And yes, Greg is perfectly capable of getting some decent police work done without your help.”
It was well past nine when John woke up for the second time that morning. He usually hated dozing off again, but the reason for that had been more than worth it.
John did not want to push him, but he had to know… “Would you mind telling me why this makes you feel uncomfortable, love?”
“I’m not sure how to explain this, but I hope you’ll understand it anyway. It… it turns me on to know that it turns you on? Yep, that’s probably as precise as it gets,” John giggled nervously.
“Oh fuck, I’m so hard for you, baby,” John moaned and Sherlock felt his own desire spike in response. He’d do anything to hear John moan his name like that, but he was pretty sure what the ex-army doctor wanted most.
He wasn’t really surprised that John entered the bathroom first. Even three pints (judging by his reaction time and the way he moved) couldn’t keep him from brushing his teeth. Sherlock would have smiled if he wasn’t feeling… well, whatever it was he was feeling.
A wave of relief washed over John when he turned his head to see that the bullet had indeed missed Sherlock and splintered the window behind him instead. “Sherlock, I’ll need your handcuffs here,” John said matter-of-factly. He waited patiently, but Sherlock didn’t move. He only stared at John, his eyes shimmering in a way that did not at all suit the situation at hand.
, YES! Ooooh John. Johnnn, Jooo... fuck!” Sherlock violently bucked up when John took his hand away.
works fine for me. This doesn’t have to be reserved for roleplay, though.” John briefly wondered whether he’d still fit into his old army fatigues. “What about you?”
“You can’t analyse everything as if it were a sample under your microscope, Sherlock. Feelings don’t work like that,
It was the very first thing he had learnt about his relationship with Sherlock. The consulting detective was married to his work and he was a very faithful husband indeed.
“Spread your legs a bit more and place your hands on the armrests, I want you to keep them there until the scene is over.” Sherlock obeyed him immediately. “Good boy.”
“Alright,” John answered in a carefree tone of voice but eyed him suspiciously before he went back into the sitting room. Compared to Sherlock, the ex-army doctor was as observant as a hedgehog, but the way he had looked at his boyfriend a minute ago was proof enough that he had indeed noticed that Sherlock was all but focusing on his oh so important experiment. How could he possibly stay focused on anything now that an image of
'I could ask you the same,' John thought, but then again everything Sherlock did had some kind of purpose.
The shocked look on John’s face was enough to prompt him to elaborate: “Everything that happened was consensual, John.” Sherlock smiled bitterly. “He knew exactly how to take me to subspace, but he always left me there, alone. When we were done with a scene, he didn’t care much about me afterwards. The humiliation was exciting at first but after a while it left me feeling utterly worthless. I didn’t know how to communicate my needs outside of a scene then and even now I feel insecure about it!” he hissed.
Sherlock’s eyes fluttered shut when he felt the warmth of John’s hand on his lumbar vertebrae. It was a reassuring touch that connected immediately with the 'trust' area in his mind palace. Sherlock still gasped in surprise when two slick fingers began teasing and toying with his rim. John worked him open with cruel efficiency, not once brushing against his prostate. Sherlock tried to push his hips back into the touch, but John stopped him with a hard slap on his left arse cheek. “None of that. Behave, Sherlock!” he commanded sharply. Sherlock moaned when the small amount of pain flared on his skin, but he knew better than to misbehave on purpose.
Of course John tried to help Sherlock and the Yard as best as he could with the case, but the biochemical tests and the scientific trial and error were definitely Sherlock’s department and at the moment the main suspect’s alibi depended on exactly that.
“Sorry, it’s really hard to keep count these days. Is it the fourth time already? Maybe I should text Mycroft and tell him that he’s too much of a distraction…”
Sherlock eventually turned around and looked straight at John. He cursed silently when the tears spilled over and his eyes provided a blurry image of John opening his mouth, but before he could say anything, Sherlock leant forward and pressed his lips against John’s in a desperate, messy kiss. John tasted like toothpaste and the lingering tang of lager, but Sherlock didn’t mind. “Don’t ever leave like that again,” he gasped between kisses and pressed himself tighter against John. “Or at least let me know that you’re alright.”
“Shh, it’s all fine, love. You’re with me now, I’ve got you.” John carded his left hand soothingly through Sherlock’s hair. “You’re still alive, you’re still breathing and I’ll always keep you safe, my sweet, beautiful boy.” It took a couple of minutes till Sherlock’s sobs faded to hiccoughing breaths, but John waited patiently. He helped him calm down with gentle, caressing touches and reassuring words until Sherlock was breathing evenly against his chest in a doze-like state.
Just as expected, John woke up as soon as he could feel the familiar weight of Sherlock’s body sink onto the mattress next to him. Instinctively he turned to his side, cupped Sherlock’s jawline with his left hand and pressed an affectionate kiss against the other man’s soft, hot lips. Sherlock kissed him back enthusiastically and John broke the kiss with a smile.
“They had a stupid fight and Lestrade called me, asking for advice and insisting that I knew Mycroft better than anyone else.”
Sherlock’s cheeks turned bright pink at the praise. It wasn’t the first time John commented on his blow job skills, but getting that kind of praise from someone he considered his Dom made his skin tingle. Sherlock swirled his tongue around John’s girth and bobbed his mouth up and down in fluent, gliding movements, occasionally sucking hard at the glans, just the way John liked it. After a while, his lips became sloppy and some of the mix of his saliva and John’s precome started trickling down his chin and his hand and the expanse of John’s cock between both.
He could hear Harry lulling in the background. Clara sighed in relief and managed a hurried 'thanks' before she hung up. John all but threw his phone back onto the bedside table. He had seen Harry at her worst many times before, but he had never had to sort things out in his own relationship at the same time.
John added a particular twisting movement on each upward stroke that he knew would drive Sherlock insane. “Come on,
? Sherlock, do you have any idea – any idea at all – how dangerous and stupid that was?! He almost shot you; you almost got yourself killed today!” John took a couple of deep breaths to calm himself down. “You clearly lack discipline and your behaviour today was unacceptable, which means that punishment is in order. Do you understand that?”
you’ve had before me!” Sherlock huffed and curled into a tight little ball, turning away from John. He half expected him to ask for his safeword again, to deal with this right away… but instead John grabbed his jacket and headed downstairs.
!” He almost sobbed when John’s fingertips finally massaged his prostate and made his cock twitch against his stomach in response.
“Alright, that’s it. Come here, Sherlock!” For a few seconds, Sherlock only stood there, paralysed by John’s Captain voice. “I said, come here! I promise you that you won’t be bored,” John explained with a deceiving gentleness. Sherlock took a few steps towards the other man. “Kneel, pet.”
Sherlock sighed. “Your fears are irrational, John. I’m not alone, there are two armed police officers present during the entire interrogation and there is nothing you can do to help. We don’t have to talk about yesterday’s incident ever again if you preferred not to and I think you could really need a little break from the case.”
“Where the fuck are they?!” Lestrade shouted after a while. They had completely lost sight of either Sherlock or the suspect. “Tell airport security to check all gates, exits and staff area, too!” he commanded one of his police officers, then addressed the other one. “Emma, go to the second floor, I’ll search the first one; John,
John’s hand gently began to knead Sherlock’s erection of its own accord and when Sherlock moaned in response, John, too, gave in to the pent-up arousal. He wrapped one leg around Sherlock’s hips and turned both of them around so that Sherlock was lying supine and John straddled his lap. In one swift movement, he pulled off his shirt and began to rub his half-hard cock against Sherlock’s erection in a slow but steady rhythm, eliciting low moans from the man underneath him. John lost his rhythm a bit when he leant forward and licked over the delicate skin of Sherlock’s suprasternal notch, then sank his teeth into the skin and sucked hard, making sure that he would leave a clearly visible love bite there. Sherlock groaned even louder and arched his hips off the sheets; grinding his almost painfully hard cock against John’s as he did so. He was desperate for some friction, desperate for release.
Sherlock didn’t bother listening to the end of the sentence: “So, you are calling me just to tell me that you totally messed up some basic police work for the… what? Third time this month?”
The question that had suddenly formed in Sherlock’s mind just wouldn’t go away. He looked up at John through lowered lashes, hoping that his insecurity wouldn’t seep into his voice as he asked: “We can still have sex and
like that. What it would feel like to have his hands tied together behind his back, naked and at the mercy of Captain Watson. John’s voice brought him back to the matter at hand all too soon.
John shrugged and confirmed the DI’s fears: “Might as well. I’d probably punch him in the face considering that he almost killed Sherlock.” Sherlock had clearly earned his forgiveness yesterday, but he was still angry at the other man. John flinched involuntarily when he felt Sherlock’s hand gently stroke over his. He hadn’t even realised he’d curled it into a tight fist, his fingernails digging into his skin and leaving half-moon-shaped imprints on his palm.
The first contact of John’s warm, slick palm with his aching hard cock was marvellous. “Nnngh, sir, just like that. Ah, aaaah, AAAH YES!” Sherlock moaned throatily when John closed his fist around his pulsing cock and delivered a couple of slow, firm strokes with just the right amount of pressure. Sherlock was back on the edge in no time when John began to work his cock faster. “
“Stop this ridiculous nonsense, you won’t get away with it!” he heard Sherlock’s slightly breathless voice when he came within hearing distance.
Sherlock gave a derisive snort. “If you can’t keep them in custody at the same time, track every movement of the one who leaves first to–”
“Yes,” Sherlock mumbled into the cushions, also confirming that the case was officially closed. He never wanted the unfinished ones to be published. He ruffled his hair with both hands, then suddenly lifted his head up to look at John. “Wait, what did you call it?”
John placed his laptop next to him on the sofa, got up rather quickly and glared at Sherlock from where he’d stopped in the kitchen door. Sherlock pointedly slowly looked up from his microscope and met the ex-army doctor’s gaze without flinching.
Sherlock threw his head back when the tip of John’s lubed cock breached him, pressing deeper and deeper in one smooth, steady glide. They’d had sex for almost a year now, but John’s girth surprised him every time. Sherlock adjusted quickly, wiggling his hips as the Sherlockian way of saying “Move!”
“Let me,” Sherlock insisted and helped him plug in the phone. John put his hand over Sherlock’s, hesitating when Sherlock kept the phone clutched tightly. “John, when you read my message, whatever you think about it… let’s talk in the morning. Please,” he begged and slowly let go of John’s mobile.
Sherlock Holmes, it didn't hurt to think it anymore when John realized he was still alive. Immediately he was overwrought by more anger.
John sipped the beer, tossing a note in the bartender's direction. He kept a watchful eye on the curly-haired man, his eyes constantly scanning the room for other potential problems. And problem it was; because forget the man who looked like that bastard, the real thing had just walked in the door. The incandescent eyes, the unruly curls, the lanky body that was as skinny as a rake, and those cheekbones… those god damned cheekbones that were so high and so sharp… John felt himself losing focus and he growled, rage replacing other emotions that tried to make themselves known.
“Get in the bloody car,” John demanded. However angry he was, he still pulled the back door open for Sherlock, who clambered inside. The interior of the car was a nice and toasty, very comfortable temperature. John got in beside him, staring at him. Sherlock met his gaze, expecting the worst.
Sherlock came to, and every part of his body ached. It felt worse than the time in Serbia. He looked around himself. Piles of pallets were everywhere. A warehouse then. It was dark, but there was a small table illuminated in front of him. It was blurry, and he blinked a few times to clear up the vision. A man sat at the table, a cruel look on his face. Sherlock narrowed his eyes and then they suddenly widened. Of course it was John. He was about to speak but found it incredibly difficult. And then he realized why, his mouth was gagged. Further observation showed that his arms were tied behind him. He was tied to a chair and John Watson was sitting across from him. Any other time it would have been kinky, but this was not the John Watson he knew.
Sherlock glanced up, trying to read his intentions, but he didn't have time for that. He felt his head being jerked upward and suddenly his lips were being assaulted by more lips and he didn't know what to do but he wanted this so badly, but this wasn't his John. It was wrong. He pulled away, but the cruel man only pressured on, keeping Sherlock right where he wanted him. Sherlock whimpered softly and John let up. There was a different glint in his eyes. A glint of lust. Sherlock knew what was going to happen now, and he was terrified. "John! Stop! Please I know that you're still in there somewhere… you can't be gone completely…"
“”M f-f-f-ine.” The detective said, his words punctuated by the still-chattering teeth. Truth be told, Sherlock was rather regretting how painfully cold he was in that moment.
John growled to himself, walking over to the table and picked up another knife with a gloved hand. He ran a finger down the blade, holding it up to the light and watching as the beams glinted off the steel. Soon…very soon. His lips curled into a malevolent smirk as he thought of the idea of taking another life. Oh, he would have loved trying to solve these cases. John never left a scrap of evidence. That was the thing about working with a sociopathic consulting detective. You always knew the best way to carry out a murder. And the knife… well that was just a personal touch, with a special signature just for the Yard…
John waited. His brilliance was all a waiting game. Perfect timing and planning were a must. He fished what he needed out of his pocket, a small pill that when dropped into the detective's drink… oh the detective would be rambling on and on about god knows what and he would be vulnerable. And John would have his revenge. It was almost too simple.
John didn't reply. He buried his face in Sherlock's neck and cried. Sherlock thought this was insane, but this was clearly his John. He winced at the pain in his face but he just stayed there and held John. Eventually the small man calmed down, his shuddering had stopped.
Sherlock felt his eyes mist with tears and he immediately fought them back. Emotions caused mistakes. Just treat it as another case. Cross that bridge when they got to it, and probably burn it in the process. "Mycroft, you have been keeping tabs on him. Where is he?"
“Sherlock, what the hell were you thinking?” John berated immediately, grabbing his hand and dragging him away from the river. Sherlock’s eyes widened as John nearly hauled him off his feet. His normally majestic Belstaff was limp and soaked, trailing water everywhere. His normally luscious, bouncy curls were pasted flat against his alabaster flesh, which to John was starting to look a pallid blue color, and that worried him.
His older brother handed him a folder full of case files and photographs. Sherlock shuffled through it meaninglessly. "Curious. SH? My initials. What else is interesting about this though? It's clearly an attention getter. My attention at that."
John almost laughed to himself as he watched the man become slowly more deterred and confused. He knew the detective couldn't retain liquor very well, but even this was pushing it. However, as Sherlock's rambling became more and more rowdy the bartender told him to get out, and Sherlock stumbled to the door. The drugs were clearly having and effect and John smiled again. He ran his fingers over the weapon in his hand. Soon… but he'd have his fun with this one first. This one had caused him all the pain, and he was going to do the same to him: Sherlock Holmes.
Finally, that spark caused something within John's deranged mind to snap. All of the black thoughts, the dark, brooding nature of his thoughts that had haunted the depths of his mind for two years had finally ceased to exist. He closed his eyes for a moment, his hands against Sherlock's chest as he stopped moving. When he opened them again, he saw the detective in an entirely new light. "Sherlock…" His voice wasn't gravelly. It wasn't degrading. It was just a light, soft tone now. It was John's voice.
“Shut up, Sherlock.” John said, and to reinforce his order, he kissed his boyfriend. Sherlock soon became warm, indeed. John wasn’t really focusing on the kiss, but rather transferring his own body heat to his boyfriend. He rubbed his hands all over his body, holding him close. So what if they both enjoyed the contact more than what should have been appropriate in a public setting?
Before they knew it, the driver’s door to the car opened. John glanced up, horrified, as Greg Lestrade clambered into the car. He had been on the phone, but that stopped when he saw what was going on in his backseat. And when he saw how wet the driver’s seat of his car had become from the dripping Belstaff.
Sherlock said nothing, electing to let John have his tirade. He now realized, through the cold stupor in which he currently found himself, that John was taking him to the nearest police car. It was running, and no doubt was heated up. Smart, John, Sherlock thought. He did need to get warmed up, but he wasn’t going to say his actions were stupid. He’d just caught another murderer.
John, although worried about his boyfriend, still couldn’t resist admiring the newly unwrapped scene before him. Christmas really had come early. He shook those thoughts away.
Sherlock turned for a moment, taking one sip before setting the glass aside. John quickly slipped the drug into the amber liquid and watched it dissolve. He quickly put it back where Sherlock had placed it and ducked away from the bar again. With any luck, Sherlock would start rambling and get thrown out in at least three minutes.
The elder Holmes sighed again. "Sherlock… all I'm saying is that John is alive. He is unwell. Your 'death' caused him to go mad. He is the serial killer I am referring to."
It didn’t take long for Sherlock to apprehend the perpetrator, and although he was as jittery as a jackhammer, he still managed to swim back to shore, murderer in tow, quite gracefully. As soon as the younger Holmes and his prize were within reach of John, the army doctor reached out for the murderer, freeing his boyfriend of his rather cumbersome load and shoving him in the direction of an awaiting Detective Inspector.
"It's… complicated, Sherlock. A serial killer. Only his patterns constantly differ. The only thing that is similar every time is the signature he leaves upon the victim's bodies." Sherlock got to his feet, wincing from near on being beaten to a pulp. He walked to his brother's desk, eyebrow piqued. It was intriguing.
“He said he’d show up. He’s not here.” Sherlock immediately explained. “Mycroft promised he would be here for the reception, John.”
The older brother chuckled and shook his head, twirling his umbrella as he walked back inside with his brother.
Greg just shook his head, avoiding looking into his rear-view mirror at all costs. “You guys want a ride home?” Anything to avoid the awkward situation, he thought. “I know you normally take a cab, but I don’t think they would take you like that.”
John hitched a breath at the tone of Sherlock’s voice, but he carried on plating slices like nothing had happened. Once he was done, he covertly adjusted his trousers, which had suddenly become rather tight.
John glanced at the knife in his hand and then at the cuts on Sherlock's face. The weapon slowly slipped through his fingers and clattered to the floor. "Sh-Sherlock… oh my, oh dear god…"
Sherlock and Lestrade just stared at each other. Finally, Lestrade spoke into the phone again: “Yeah, Myc, I’ll call you back. I gotta go. Of course love, I’ll grab a bottle. But seriously, I have to go. Love you too. Bye Myc.” Greg cut the call, shoving Sherlock’s wet clothes to the passenger seat. Lestrade decided he would just suffer through the wet arse from his seat and just clambered in, the seat squelching beneath him.
“Well he is busy running the country, love.” John said rather casually. Sherlock noticed, but paid no mind to it for the time being. He had other things on his mind.
The black-clad man sneered at Sherlock. "That's all it took to beat you, Holmes. A drug in a beer and a Scottish accent. My you can tell you're slipping." John laughed at his own wit before tearing the gag off Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock looked up at him, a pained expression on his face. "John…"
Sherlock went silent for a long while, placing the case file on the desk. John? His John, a serial killer? Certainly not… he had a temper, and he wasn't a major people person. But he would never kill anyone unless he had to. He was a solider for god's sake! His thoughts raced for reasons why. Sherlock had to fake his death; else John wouldn't have even lived to see the light of another day. And then he had to lay low and dismantle Moriarty's web. But John… John hadn't taken it well. "Two victims... no, three. You said there'd been another one."
situation is some sort of emergency. He gratefully accepts her offer, handing her a Fifty-Pound-note.
Matilda’s weeping has softened. He rushes out of the bathroom again and climbs up the stairs to their bedroom. He lies her on her changing table to clean
“Sherlock. When you brought up that swear jar thing, you said, I might be experiencing the first symptoms of gastric ulcer.“
surprise and he is fascinated and incredibly aroused by it. Sherlock’s cock feels large, John has to adjust how to breathe and how to swallow in between,
“Thank you, John. Oh, Sherlock is exaggerating. Just a few phone calls and persuading Marcus a bit. He isn’t into big parties very much, you know.” She smiles. “Did Marcus introduce you to some of those guys?”
When John comes back almost an hour later, he is surprised to find the flat silent. Matilda is lying in her bed, sleeping in an almost mockingly peaceful
a drink, alright?”. He stood at the bar, looking at their wedding guests, dancing in purple, yellow and blue light.
“She was a professional oar. Collapsed right after yesterday’s training. I thought it might have been an accident or something related to rowing. Sometimes
He lies on his back, eyes closed, and feels the sun on his face. Despite the fact that he has only been awake for less than two hours, he feels a gentle
“Oh fuck, he is.” John is grateful that for once he doesn’t have to watch what he says, because in the eyes of everybody else here, he has every right to say just this.
place. No memories except for Sherlock’s voice in his head and the light shade of his body moving, walking, breathing next to him. At the supermarket, John
thrusts against him, surrendering to his movements. When Sherlock suddenly clenches the sheets and groans vocally, he knows he has hit the right spot.
Sherlock takes one of John’s mussels on his fork and eats it, humming with delight. Sherlock has always stolen food from John’s plate and John has always
She looks at John. She blows her miniature nostrils and yawns. Both John and Sherlock are amazed and stare at this little gesture in undisguised wonder.
around the head of his cock, of his lips on his shaft or the absolutely indecent little noises he makes when he tastes his precome. Not to mention his
Sherlock goes on reading. He doesn’t say anything. John looks at him, waiting for an answer, a reaction,
dry, delicate skin, the sensitive head. Sherlock hisses as John thumb grazes it and he moans when he closes his fist around his shaft.
When the nurse has finished her final round, Sherlock crawls into John’s bed and gently curls around him. John is glad he doesn’t have to spend the night
all kind of things that aren’t suitable for toddlers. Piles of magazines she could toss over as well as the poker at the fireplace and a hundred other
“She’s just had some baby food for breakfast, she shouldn’t be hungry for a while. You can also take her out with her pram. And if she starts crying,
Then things between Harry and his parents escalated – Harry finally told them she was gay. No, she didn’t
Sherlock's presence was comforting. He didn't say much. Sometimes he just sat with him in the same companionate silence they used to have at Baker Street.
They used to do this together quite regularly before Sherlock jumped and also when John was living at Baker Street after Sherlock was shot. John already
He sighs with relief. He looks at her small ears, her tiny nose. He touches her fingers, so small and fragile against his. He wishes he had his magnifying
and the lonely, long evenings were killing him. He forced himself to go for a pint or two with Greg once a month. Initially it was just a means to get out
corpse and his shattered skull again and again and again. This time, Sherlock was alive. And naked, kissing him, slowly and teasingly and gently. Even
John brushes a curl from Sherlock’s face, touches his eyebrows, his cheekbones and his lips. Just because he can.
The next update will probably not be posted until the first days of June, the writer is on a creative holiday in London. For science, you know.
“Why don’t you ask him yourself? Oh, anyway. I’ve been worried, too, so I can just as well tell you.“
John thinks, leans forward and kisses him again. This time, Sherlock dares to kiss back. He tastes like wine, he smells amazing and he feels so indescribably good that John is sure he has never felt this much at once. The way Sherlock’s tall, slim body feels on his, pressing in ever so slightly. All the achingly familiar things about Sherlock are so close. His hair, his hands, his closed eyes, his collarbones. The curve of his back under John’s hands. Sherlock’s tongue brushing against his, careful at first, then more daring, more wanting, teasing, enjoying.
Sherlock lifts his head and sucks John's fingertips. Sherlock's gaze meets John's, Sherlock's light eyes still half-closed and droplets of water caught in his eyelashes. It sends a fresh flash of arousal down John's whole body. John needs to kiss him, he claims him back, messily and open-mouthed,
Sherlock was asleep. How he needed to touch him, to grasp that intimacy. He does it again. He strokes his soft eyebrows with his thumb. Sherlock closes his
When Sherlock gets a pair of sunglasses out of his shirt pocket and puts them on just before starting the engine, John is sure this has to be a holiday and
uncertain as well. I just thought I’d enjoy it as long as it goes and maybe see where it takes us. But since he’s not really my boyfriend, I didn’t feel
on the safety belts, he hears Sherlock opening the driver’s door and the rustling of the car keys.
Breathing heavily, glowing with the heat of his body, John lies on Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock strokes his back, his head, his shoulders. Writes invisible letters to him. All of them saying just
been hard ever since he stepped into Sherlock’s bedroom. And he has very clear ideas about how to spend the rest of his birthday.
scraping across the wall as John touches his pants to pull them down. He tries to be patient when he takes down the last piece of cloth on Sherlock's body
“Oh God. Oh God, Harry. Sherlock... He was the fucking love of my life. Oh God... I never saw that. Never told him. I should've protected him.“ He could
He didn’t leave the flat for almost a week. A small crowd of journalists had gathered in front of the house. When the last of them had vanished, he forced
Wonderful readers, in these weird times of pandemic I hope that you are all safe and healthy, I hope your loved ones are well, I hope you all get through this madness without any mental, physical or financial harm. Please take good care of yourselves and stay safe. <3
mobile within reach he would at least send him an infuriated text. But it is downstairs in his own room and he cannot possibly leave this cozy intimacy
Mrs Hudson opens the door. John and Sherlock let go of each other, cheeks pink, out of breath, and very much caught in the act. She must have heard the shouting and the clash and, oh God, she must have noticed everything, Sherlock thinks.
John brings himself into position and lets Sherlock, still holding his cock, guide the way inside him. John holds his breath as he enters Sherlock slowly,
“Yeah, sure. Do you want me to help you? You don’t have a mirror over there.“ John gets up to fetch Sherlock’s razor and his foam from the basin.
defeating him on the rugby field. When they won, John grinned at him triumphantly and found Rob smiling back. Later, in the changing room, he took his
“Yes, Sherlock, we do. She’s our landlady, she cares for us and, if I may remind you, she made sure we didn’t starve for almost half a year. So. What do we
and a shirt which John has never seen him in before. The shirt is less tight and a bit more casual than his usual ones. It looks well worn and washed.
none of their usual places. Even though it is rather unlikely to walk into people you know in a place like London anyway, John is grateful for the
Things are exhausting and, if he is honest with himself, quite intimidating. He didn’t have a choice but doing it this way, taking Matilda to raise her on
...,“ he groans and this is simply the sexiest thing John has ever heard. He kisses Sherlock and pours all his want into it. Sherlock pants into his mouth and shivers as John strokes his cock some more. John takes them both into his hand and sighs vocally about how amazing this feels and how badly he needs the friction on his cock. Sherlock’s voice pitches higher and higher when John caresses the head of his cock. He feels Sherlock falling apart under his touch. So unguarded, vulnerable, open and without holding anything back. His breaths come faster and faster. And when he starts to move his hips and thrusts into John’s hand, John’s mind is about to go into overload. He isn’t sure if he can take all of this or any more. He kisses him greedily, still panting. Sherlock’s hands run over John’s back, down to his ass and pull him closer. John can see that he is close. The touch of Sherlock’s hands on his ass and the sensation of his cock, wet and leaking, thrusting against his own, is arousing beyond words. Their movements align, speed up, become rougher and harder. John wants to see Sherlock, he lifts his head and chest a bit higher, just enough to see him properly. He feels Sherlock’s rushed breath on his face. He sees the droplets of fresh sweat running down his gorgeous, elegant neck and gathering in that small curve between his collar bones. Sherlock’s freshly shaved face is slightly pink. His mouth forms a delicious ‘o’ and his eyes, Sherlock’s unique, amazing eyes, are fixed on him. They both move faster. The grip of Sherlock’s hand on his flesh gets harder. Sherlock’s back arches, he throws back his head, but he doesn’t stop looking at John when he comes. He spends himself with a hoarse cry. John is almost being pushed over the edge himself, but when he realizes how much Sherlock has just opened up - Christ, he has been hiding himself from his partner behind shut eyes more than once. Worrying the other might take too much of a glimpse into his soul, that he would be too exposed. It hits him like a truck how much Sherlock loves him and trusts him. That fucking brilliant, beautiful man, who is currently shivering under him with aftershocks. He bends down and kisses him hungrily, Sherlock kisses back with a moan and that does it. The world goes silent and is reduced to him and Sherlock, and pleasure washes over him like a tsunami.
for both his exercises and his impromptu concerts. Redbeard listened patiently to the first deductions Sherlock made, the little boy eagerly trying to
“She always is when one takes his time, cuddles her and talks to her. Not to mention feeding her and changing her nappies. Actually, she is exceptionally
The way Sherlock’s voice is shaking takes the last faint bit of doubt or hesitation from John. Sherlock isn’t half as secure as he tries to be and obviously he is serious about this.
“Go!” the man ordered the men in the combat suits. They stormed past John and when they found Mary in the living room, he could hear the man talk.
school accent was getting more and more infiltrated by something… quite… adorable. When he was in the middle of a longer monologue, John looked at Mrs
own. First, it is just a chaste, hesitant press. But then John very slightly moves his lips and Sherlock takes up the motion.
hands. Then Sherlock’s hands move, reciprocating John’s caresses and drawing circles on his chest, dangerously close to his nipples. John turns his head
mood during the following days. When Harry and Melinda come to John’s and Sherlock’s, it is no different. Actually, it is even worse.
, John thinks, when she gets all sore in her nappies by the end of the day. It isn’t her first tooth, she has got two tiny white teeth in
She turns the knob, opening the door as little as possible and peeks in. Her possibly very naked son and his possibly equally naked boyfriend are sleeping, entangled in sheets and duvet and each other. She smiles. “I knew it.”
“Oh fuck, Sherlock,” he gasps, his voice trembling. Sherlock inhales with a small moan. For an endless minute, John tries to resist the impulse of putting
Sherlock closes his eyes and throws back his head, groaning loudly. He turns to John again and the look he casts at him almost leaves him breathless.
Later on, John is already asleep right next to him, Sherlock is awake. After a while, he gets up and goes to the window of his sleeping room. He opens it and inhales the cool night air. His phone pings with an incoming text.
John’s body is tense, all the post-orgasmic ease gone. He sits in bed, wrapped in Sherlock’s sheet, his elbows on his knees, feet on the mattress. He stretches out his left hand, clenches his fist. And sighs.
Things with Harry didn’t get any better. He wasn’t angry about her being gay, how could he. He was angry at her about how she did things – relationships,
And most of the players. Their strengths and their weaknesses. He didn’t care much about most of them. Some weren’t fun to play against, others were,
“Birthday,“ he mumbles, gracefully slides out of bed, shuffles into the bathroom. After a few minutes, John can hear him walk around in the flat. When
his spine. And travel up again at his sides, right there where his skin is most delicate underneath his t-shirt. They dig into his pectorals, allowing a
doesn’t seem to matter to them that she isn’t Sherlock’s biological daughter. Or that all of this is still
So they clean their mess and even disinfect all the surfaces the specimen were scattered upon. They talk a bit. Just a bit, Sherlock doesn’t quite know what to say. What does one say after kissing his flat mate? When they are almost done, John cuts his left hand on the last piece of petri dish he picks up.
“Sherlock did. He was fascinated with them, even as a child. I think… yes… we got the bees when he started going to school. Had wanted them for years! We simply couldn’t say no anymore. When he moved out, we didn’t go on with them. He spent hours and hours with his bees.”
“Loch Lomond. I think. And we will drive for almost another two hours. We’re going to the west coast, a tiny place on the mainland opposite the islands of
Sherlock hears him slowly going to the bathroom. God, he has to be more careful. But that... felt good. He hadn’t been so close to John for such a long time. It was... intimate. He opens a window, suddenly it’s too warm in there. He wishes he could have a cigarette, smoke it in the cold air of the night, that would calm him down now, bring his thoughts and thoughts and thoughts to a halt.
. John sucks at the sensitive skin, plays there with his tongue, brushing it and feeling Sherlock shiver now. Sherlock’s breath is
It was so startling that the ground seemed to shake under his feet. And yet it explained everything he felt.
whole thing frustratedly and orders something from Angelo’s. Angelo usually doesn’t do takeaway or delivery, but when John calls, he doesn’t even mention
neck and lets his hands travel across Sherlock’s chest. When he brushes his nipples, Sherlock exhales loudly. He wants to draw Sherlock close, to feel him,
to help. Accidentally, he didn’t manage to get hold of his lower back, but ended up with Sherlock’s rather firm and round behind. He felt himself blushing
“Well, nothing ever changes, does it? Babies still don’t like car rides? Why didn’t you take the train? We could have picked you up at the station,
waking time staring at the sea he could see through Sherlock's bedroom window. He didn't even have the strength to notice that he had, in fact, slept in
John breaks their kiss. Sherlock looks completely bewildered. John smiles at him, nods at the door of 221b and pays the cabbie. When Sherlock realizes where
And so they leave two and a half weeks later from Waterloo station, on a bright summer’s day. John isn’t quite sure what to expect from this weekend, but he likes the idea of leaving London for a couple days. As they wait for the train, he realizes that it doesn’t bother him to go to Sherlock’s parents. Initially, he wondered if it might feel strange. It's only been six months since their last trip to the Holmes’s house and the whole Christmas mess, Mary, Magnusson. But it doesn’t. Sometimes he still dreams about that chain of events, but it seems to be a lifetime away. Like a vivid nightmare he woke from months ago, yet quickly fading from his mind.
awkward at first. And, when they realize their want is being reciprocated, more courageous and more playful.
, Sherlock moans loudly, even though it’s not the first time John does that. When he, after a while, very carefully inserts a finger, and a second one, and hits his prostate, Sherlock is sure he won’t last much longer.
“No. I thought you could just spend some time in another place. Get some distance between you and… everything that has happened. Scotland maybe. At the
He walks up the stairs to his bedroom one and a half hours later. Matilda is asleep, lying in her crib, her small hands curled into fists lying next to her
Sherlock had come and had spent two full days with his old dog on his lap, carrying him in the garden from time to time so he could pee. Redbeard hardly
John’s hands on his head make the blood rush through Sherlock’s veins. John’s panting, the way he sharply sucks in the air when he slowly lets his cock
John nodded and went up the stairs to the bathroom. The shower was good. The water was so hot that his skin turned red after a few moments and the small
Sherlock doesn’t reply for a while. John is already expecting a sniding retort in typical Sherlockian manner, but finally Sherlock just says, “Yes.”
After these five days, Sherlock only goes back to 221b because Lestrade needs his help with a case. After days of ignoring his calls and texts, Sherlock
The thought of Sherlock and Harry conspiring over John’s birthday present makes him grin even more. He leans towards Sherlock, cups his face and kisses
sleep, to come back to, but not to live. They have squeezed their bags amidst Sherlock’s things from a lifetime ago.
out his pectorals and looking absolutely dizzying and breathtaking. John’s mouth goes a little dry at the sight of him.
in food, John now steals from his plate as well. So they have come to sharing their meals like this. After a while, Sherlock takes a sip from his white
He stopped the water, tried to dry himself a bit and had to sit down on the floor. He took a few deep breaths and stumbled to his room, put on a pair of
Sherlock listens. He sinks into John’s voice which is slowly unraveling the mess they’ve been in for the past few years. John takes him apart, again, but with words this time. With his half-finished sentences, his pauses and sighs, each one a small struggle inside him.
waiting for their orders. There were no other tourists, just a few locals with grim Scot accents, who didn’t take much notice of John and Sherlock. Apart
At the end of this chapter, the worst bit of heartbreak will be over. For those of you who skipped the last chapters (or only read with your fingers across your eyes) -- I guess it's safe to go on reading now.
Also, the shower at the safe house seems to have an inexhaustible supply of hot water. Now aren't our boys lucky? :D
Sherlock does as told, preparing her milk exactly as described on the milk powder box. But the milk is too hot to drink and Matilda sounds very hungry by
In the small bathroom, Sherlock lets water into the tub. It takes a while until it is filled. John sits on the floor, leaning against the wall. Sherlock pours some of his shower gel into the hot water. The room fills with steam from the tub and the scent of his soap. He slowly undresses, gets rid of his socks first, opens the buttons of his shirt and takes it off. John simply sits and watches. He sees the scars on Sherlock’s back. He has seen them before, but the silvery lines still give him goosebumps, despite the warm humid air in the room. Sherlock opens his trousers, pulls them down and steps out. In one fluid, elegant move, Sherlock takes down his pants and gets into the tub.
He is quite aware that this implies something more than taking care of Matilda together. Something about
both elegance and sureness. He even starts lifting Matilda off the water, throwing her up in the air a little and catching her when she drops back on his
dark hair. He takes Sherlock’s right hand and starts undoing the buttons on his cuff. He goes on with the left one, with great care. He lets the shirt slip
him pant and groan the way he did himself. But Sherlock’s cock in his mouth, the different textures of his skin, the way he tastes – it takes him by
John does and once Sherlock is naked, he strokes Sherlock’s cock, caresses its shaft, spreading the wetness on its head. Sherlock moans and kisses him fervently. The intensity of Sherlock’s reactions fuels John’s desire. He strokes Sherlock some more, just moving the way he likes it himself. Sherlock pants into John’s mouth and when he breaks the kiss, he leans his head against the door, eyes closed. John kisses his neck and then draws a thin wet line from his collarbone to his ear with his tongue. Sherlock groans. With his right hand, he starts caressing Sherlock’s nipples, hard and warm under his touch. Sherlock pants harder, John can see tiny droplets of sweat on his forehead. He lets go of Sherlock’s gorgeous, hard cock and puts his fingers into Sherlock’s mouth. Lets him taste his own precome. Sherlock moans loudly. John’s fingers still in his mouth, he whispers, “Fuck, John, oh,
“What kind of nap were you thinking of, then?” Sherlock’s voice is dangerously deep and velvety. John clears his throat.
It takes Sherlock a moment until he is fully awake. He sits up straight and carefully, slowly withdraws his hand from John’s shoulder - maybe he just hasn’t notice, has he -, runs his fingers through his hair and glimpses through the living room windows, but he can’t tell the time. He gets up, stumbles a bit and gets his phone out of his pocket.
himself to go to that new supermarket. It had opened a few days before Sherlock’s death. They hadn’t been there together, no memories haunting him in that
“I mean... you see... we’re close, very close, but it’s a little hard to define. I don’t know if he’d want a real relationship and his holding back left me
One day, they get a parcel. Parcels usually are for Sherlock, specimen of some kind or other case-related things. Sometimes John orders something for
swayed around slowly and looked at him. John put down his bags, took off his coat and shoes. There was a cup of tea on the little table next to his chair.
John feels Sherlock’s gaze on him, on his body, on his face. Whenever he looks up, he meets his eyes. He can’t help but touch Sherlock, he can’t take his
texts. Mycroft showed up. Talked. He didn’t listen. Greg was there, not saying much. Making tea, supplying him with biscuits. Harry was there, hugging him.
John was positively surprised by Sherlock’s answer. He let go of Sherlock’s hair and carded his fingers through the ruffled curls instead. “Precisely. I think you’re in the right mind-set now, sweetheart. Stand up and go to the sofa, I’ll need you on your knees again for the next part. Face towards the wall, place your arms on the backrest.”
Sherlock only huffed in response. It wasn’t like he hadn’t slept in days; this case was different from that bloody game with Moriarty!
Sherlock was on the verge of tears and his entire body shivered with the force of the strict denial. He was panting so hard that John feared he might black out from it. “Breathe, Sherlock, shhh. Deep, calm breaths of air. Just like that, theeere you go.” It still took a while until Sherlock began to calm down again. This time, John waited for Sherlock’s erection to flag a bit before he decided that Sherlock was ready for the next round of edging.
Satisfied with the result John sat back and let his gaze roam unabashedly over the bulge in Sherlock’s trousers. “Oh, but you rather like the currency.” John flicked the tip of his tongue over his upper lip before he averted his gaze.
“He’ll better make it one of his bloody priorities!” John huffed. He was getting angry again, but he regretted it almost immediately when Mrs Hudson flinched a bit at his loud voice. “Sorry.”
to say the least, but something about John’s behaviour was off. Emotions were never easy to analyse – let alone when they affected him on a personal level – so Sherlock replayed the events in his mind to work to the core of the problem.
John’s tone hadn’t been distinctly commanding, but Sherlock didn’t want to risk punishment just to satisfy his curiosity. Instead, he simply followed John’s request. It was a welcome pause that allowed him to expand and organise the new wing in his mind palace. John would never call him names that made his skin crawl. He’d never hurt him unless he explicitly begged for it and even then, he’d take care of him afterwards. Sherlock mentally created a secret passage to the small but steadily growing room labelled 'trust'. All of his former relationships, even the non-kinky ones, had eventually tried to destroy it… The dull sound of two plates being set down on the coffee table in front of him brought him back to the present.
God, John always became sentimental when drunk. Sherlock shushed him with a quick kiss. “Tomorrow, John, trust me. There are quite a few things I want to say, but if I say them now, you probably won’t remember half of it in the morning. You deserve to hear and remember
It was a ridiculous idea to identify with any chemical element, but Sherlock found it quite fitting. 'Extremely high melting point, resistant to pressure, impossible to shape when not bound with others, requires some effort till it’s easy to work with, surprisingly brittle, used for military grade bullets…' he thought.
“Can I publish the case now?” John asked, hoping that he hadn’t spent the last hour of writing in vain.
“I think it’s safe to assume that you’re fine with including all of the sex toys we’ve already used?”
, your fucking mouth!” John groaned breathlessly when a talented tongue flicked over the slit again and again.
The sight of Sherlock’s reddened skin combined with the moans that vibrated through his cock had almost been enough to drive John over the edge. He took some deep, calming breaths and ordered Sherlock to lie down on his back. Sherlock obeyed him with a smug grin. He had deduced how he could bring him off the fastest way despite the pants and that just wouldn’t do. “You’re still thinking too much, pet.” John retrieved a bottle of lube from the bedside table and sat down between Sherlock’s legs. “I promised you that you wouldn’t have to think at all for a while, and I keep my promises.”
John granted him a smile, crossed the room and locked the door to keep potential clients and Mrs Hudson from walking in on them. Sherlock was still sitting on the sofa, his attention solely focused on John while waiting for commands.
Sherlock sifted through the depths of his mind palace for a moment. “Knife play, wax play, breath play and collars are also off-limits. I’m fine with wearing wrist cuffs and ankle cuffs for bondage, though. What about your hard limits?”
“We should really make his name into an adjective, don’t you think? It would be easier to describe at least nine out of ten things that way,” she quipped.
John was in an exceptionally cheerful mood and quickly made a second cup of tea. He was completely undeterred by Sherlock’s reproachful tone. “Yeah, I could have,” he smirked.
'He wants to hear me begging again,' Sherlock thought, the realisation suddenly clear as day. Of course, he could easily oblige. Or perhaps… Sherlock closed his eyes and reached down to give his neglected cock some much-needed attention.
John pushed his jeans and pants off his hips, closed his left hand around his cock and stroked himself in a slow rhythm.
. Sherlock closed his eyes against the onslaught of feelings. Getting praises after a punishment always made him feel emotional.
Sherlock also took it upon himself to make dinner for both of them and he didn’t complain when John snuggled up a bit closer against him than usual that night.
John stood up from the sofa, took both Sherlock’s hands into his and helped him get into a sitting position. He did not let go of Sherlock’s hands when he crouched down in front of him. “Come on, sweetheart, look at me,” he demanded softly and Sherlock opened his eyes. They were glazed over, his pupils dilated, gaze slightly unfocused. John recalculated the amount of aftercare Sherlock was going to need. He sat down on the couch as well, his entire body turned towards the naked man. “Do you know why I chose this punishment over the thorough spanking you deserved?”
Sherlock shifted a bit and snuggled his face into John’s pillow, but he kept on snoozing. John smiled as he fought the urge to brush a stray curl out of Sherlock’s forehead and continued his way to the bathroom instead. Case or not, they’d probably have a rather relaxed morning.
“I– I was...” Sherlock panted and tried to focus on the orgasm that was coiling tight in his belly. “I was tricked into revealing something… Bond Air project and it made me so… so– Oh fuck, John,
John carded his fingers through Sherlock’s unruly curls and gently massaged his head. After a while, Sherlock looked at him with sleepy, half lidded eyes and smiled. “Mmh, that
“You know how it works, Sherlock. The police solved the case–” Sherlock snorted derisively and John smirked. “
Greg finished his cigarette but waited a moment while the others went back inside. “Trouble in paradise?” he asked as soon as Donovan was out of earshot.
Sherlock arched his neck and moaned whorishly when John finally began to fuck him in earnest. His thrusts were hard, punishing even, and before long John groaned in the particular way he always did when he was dangerously close to the edge. His rhythm became even faster; the movement of his hips frantic as he aimed for Sherlock’s prostate with each unrelenting thrust. Sherlock whimpered and wrapped his legs around John’s hips to allow his boyfriend to penetrate him even deeper when he felt a familiar heat pool in his lower abdomen.
Mrs Hudson shrugged apologetically. “He has always been like that, dear. Self-care isn’t really one of his priorities.”
Sherlock knew that it wouldn’t be an easy task, but he could manage. He started with John’s balls, sucking them into his mouth through the fabric and
John wrapped both arms around Sherlock’s shaking frame and Sherlock simply broke. He clung tightly to John’s warm, soft jumper and buried his face in the crook of John’s neck as he uttered a series of heavy sobs. “I’m sorry, John. I’m a fucking idiot, I’m so sorry,” he snivelled.
Sherlock chose his answer carefully. He did not want John to feel guilty about exploring their kinky side because of
aspect of John’s life was still important to him and he hopefully wouldn’t object to bringing that part of his personality into their sex life as well…
“I mean, what do you expect from this? What do you want to get out of it? Is it about discipline, submission, roleplay, humiliation… pain?”
The mild pain on his scalp kept him grounded. Deducing, yes, that would work. Sherlock stuttered through his observations: “You… you’re angry because I disobeyed you. You told me to wait and I… I just couldn’t. All I had in mind was chasing Thomas down. I didn’t listen to you when I should have.”
“Hm, that’s a decent breakfast and still plenty of time. I want to get you out of Dom drop before you go and it’s absolutely crucial to make you feel as comfortable as possible.”
Two episodes of EastEnders and five denied orgasms later John was convinced that Sherlock had enough discipline play for today. Well, at least he was
an accident. Through my experiments, I found out that her blood alcohol level was rather high, but the truly remarkable detail is that the amount of oxygen in her blood was impossibly high as well, or at least impossibly high for someone who
He considered the options. It was either a casual evening with some of his friend and a few pints or more wandering about the city and worrying himself sick over Sherlock and their kinky dynamics. “Sounds good,” John gladly accepted the offer. A little distraction from the problem at hand was more than welcome.
“Duly noted.” It didn’t take much to figure out what that was about. “You’ll also need a safeword. I suggest we take things slow, experiment what we’re both comfortable with, but I won’t play with you unless you choose a safeword.”
John took a deep breath and looked him straight in the eyes. “Still, it’s a pity you’re not allowed to come.”
Sherlock held perfectly still and let John fuck his mouth until he gathered enough self-control again and stopped the shallow thrusts. John caressed Sherlock’s head briefly, then lay down on his back again and threw his forearm shieldingly over his eyes. The very image of Sherlock’s red, lush lips wrapped around his cock would be enough to tip him over the edge any second now. “Shit, I’m sorry, Sherlock. Please don’t stop. I’m so close, sweetheart,” he moaned and Sherlock felt his own arousal pool low in his abdomen.
“Where are you going?” Sherlock called after him, caught between pouting and worrying – about John… and their relationship. When John didn’t answer, Sherlock closed his eyes and went into his mind palace. He had to find a solution for this till Saturday.
John leant back and grinned. Sherlock’s knuckles had turned white with the effort to obey John’s command and his body was quivering all over. The head of his jutting erection was already wet with precome… John knelt down on the floor between Sherlock’s legs.
With their changing relationship from best friends to boyfriends everything had just fallen into place, but this was different. Sherlock tried to wrap his mind around the basics. “I’m submissive, but I can be very…
Part of him wanted to go straight back home and apologise to Sherlock, even though he’d probably be too angry and defensive to even listen… Then again – despite the circumstances – Sherlock would have to learn that acting like a brat got him nowhere. John felt his head spin with the conflicting ideas.
“Good. I will make this reward very pleasurable for you, but I want you to tell me about that fantasy while I suck you off.”
Sherlock put his phone back into the pocket of his suit jacket and went into the kitchen to make some tea. He wasn’t even thirsty, but he needed something to occupy his time with for a bit. After that, he could still anxiously wait for a reply.
John laughed. "By leaving me alone with nothing for two years! I think it's a bit late for protection, Sherlock!" He growled, moving the knife upward slightly to get a new angle for another cut. Sherlock winced, and John seethed with maniacal delight.
John mentally kicked himself for side tracking from trying to cheer himself up. He'd gotten away with so many killings, and being on the lam was one hell of a thrill. Soon he'd get even more unwanted attention, and he'd start going after the people he used to hold most dear.
Sherlock wasn't listening to his brother's complaints. He knew that he could get John to see reason. He just knew. Sherlock was the only one who could even get close to him… he'd have to try.
Deep down, there was more to this than what John was cruelly enjoying. There was some… spark that hadn't been there before. He tried to suppress it but it just kept getting bigger and bigger. His hands wandered up and down Sherlock's chest, feeling out every inch of him. His insane smile grew as his kisses turned into playful bites, and Sherlock tried to pull away from him.
Sherlock staggered outside, struggling to stay on his feet. The alcohol was stronger than usual apparently. His motor skills were clearly lacking, that was why he never drank. It postponed and sometimes even dulled out thinking completely. And this was one of those times.
Sherlock didn't care about Lestrade. There was only person he was concerned with as of now. "And John Watson?"
Sherlock glanced at him. He looked him over. John wasn't bloodthirsty, murderous. He just looked like John. His expression was soft, yet structured. Military. It was his John. Sherlock had done it. He'd fixed him. Well… more or less. Now he was a quivering mess and he couldn't stop shaking. "John…" Before he knew there were arms being thrown around him and squeezing him to the point of suffocation.
Sherlock would never admit that he’d secretly enjoyed being a part of such a tradition with John Watson of all people, but sometimes he just had to save face.
“Don’t change the subject. This was one of the most foolish things you’ve ever done. It’s fucking freezing out here, Sherlock!”
John muttered an affirmative and sat up, but Sherlock was still too petrified to speak. Until, of course, Lestrade took them back to Baker Street. Greg accidentally met his gaze in the mirror, and the younger Holmes finally said something.
John didn't believe a word of his rubbish about being a fraud, about inventing the consulting criminal, about any of it. He never would believe it. Only one man could be that clever. And that was… him.
Sherlock scoffed. He hated this. He hated seeing John this way. "Flawless? Heavens no. Genius? I like to think so. Junkie? Not in awhile. But being one back in the day helped me build immunity to certain date rape drugs, Watson. Even you, as a medical man would know that."
"Sherlock you can't just go barging in. It's not John anymore. There's nothing left of the man you once called your friend." Mycroft insisted. His little brother needed to see reason.
Mycroft sighed. “For god’s sake, Sherlock. Don’t make this more uncomfortable than it already is. We are brothers after all. And, considering you did save my life from Eurus…” Mycroft waved a hand, dismissing that thought. Sherlock raised a brow, then took the hand. Before he knew it, his elder brother had hauled him into a very awkward hug, but Sherlock returned it nonetheless.“I am very happy you and John finally made it to this point, Sherlock. You deserve it. After… everything.” Mycroft said before drawing away, dusting himself off and straightening his suit. Sherlock laughed.
"I always figured you were still alive. The first few months, I held onto the hope that I hadn't lost you. But now I don't care. What I do care about… is how this knife is going to look when it carves through that delightful alabaster flesh…" He brandished the knife in Sherlock's direction, snarling in delight.
That made John stop. The grip on the knife slackened, his hand falling to his side as he took a few steps. His back was turned to the detective, and his thoughts were reeling. 'He's lying. He doesn't feel that way. He never has. There was never anything there. He doesn't feel things that way.' And yet, 'He just confessed to being in love with me! Sherlock Holmes, with me! Ha! I knew he felt the same! I just knew it!' And John suppressed those feelings right then and there. He wasn't that man anymore. He'd never be that John Watson again. John turned to face the detective once more. "Enough of your lies. I should just kill you now… but there's no fun in that. Not when there's so much left to do…"
This called for desperate measures. John needed to be shocked right out of this madness. Luckily he'd never claimed his feelings for the man before. He doubted John felt the same way anyhow. Sherlock glanced at him. "I know this isn't you John, please. This isn't the John Watson I fell in love with…"
“Of course it is! You’ve never…” Sherlock trailed off and closed his eyes, trying to keep the hurt and anger to himself. “I’ve gone over every single possibility, every seemingly unimportant detail, but I still don’t understand
John walked around him and knelt down to uncuff Sherlock’s hands. Due to the soft leather padding there were no marks on Sherlock’s wrists, but John massaged them nonetheless. He whispered into Sherlock’s ear: “I think you’ve learned your lesson for today, but the scene isn’t over just yet. When I let go of your wrists, I want you to move to the sofa and lie down on your back. Put your arms and legs into whatever position is most comfortable for you right now. Can you do this for me?”
Luckily, it wasn’t a usual occurrence seeing someone with a gun running down an airport hall. Most people quickly jumped out of the way, especially when they saw Lestrade and his team follow closely behind. Let them think John was the suspect; he honestly didn’t care. All he had to do was keeping Sherlock safe!
“Skip the difficult memories and keep on having fun with you? Sure.” John grasped Sherlock’s cock again, firmer this time, and started with a fast pace right away. “The second time, I’d almost seen it coming, but of course that didn’t make it any less disappointing for me. Do you remember how you broke the second promise, pet?” John’s rhythm slowed and Sherlock growled in frustration. He knew that he was supposed to answer John’s question, but he was so out of his mind with arousal that he could barely even think.
“I thought you don’t…” John panted, trailed off and cleared his throat. “Well, you said you weren’t up for
” Sherlock groaned uninhibitedly when one of John’s lubed up fingers circled his rim and pushed past the tight ring of muscle with only little resistance. Apparently, Sherlock hadn’t noticed that John had already grabbed the lube while getting rid of his own pants and that he had prepared himself while taking Sherlock apart with his mouth.
“Just take another one upstairs for Sherlock. You know I’d carry the tea up myself, but my hip is really bad this morning.”
As always when Lestrade needed his help, Sherlock didn’t know whether he should be pleased with London’s criminal class or lose all faith in the NSY completely. “Sure.”
“So, we’re going to the airport to pick a suspect up?” John sounded confused. Usually, they only went to the Yard for interrogations.
John’s question turned the warm, tingling sensation in Sherlock’s lower abdomen into a roaring fire. “Yes, sir. Yes, I’m– OOOH YES!” Sherlock cried out and for a split second he was afraid that he couldn’t hold the impending orgasm back. John turned the plug off just in time and watched as Sherlock’s body struggled hard to let go of its slowly receding orgasm.
my good boy, Sherlock, even when you’ve earned a punishment. In fact, especially then. I wouldn’t have to punish you if I didn’t care about you.”
John had no idea who Greg’s girlfriend could be or why Sherlock was so agitated about it, but he sure as hell wouldn’t ask. Greg already looked uncomfortable without revealing any of the details, but there was something else that John was rather keen to know: “Insufferable
“John?” Sherlock asked as soon as the shorter man in his arms began to stir. John had slept close to him all night, his face snuggled against Sherlock’s chest. He had listened to Sherlock’s heartbeat and breathing, his right arm curled tightly around Sherlock’s waist to keep him close and feel the warmth of his bare skin reassuringly under his fingertips. He hadn’t said a single word about anything Sherlock had deduced, not even when hot, seemingly unstoppable tears he hadn’t allowed himself to cry for far too long had painted both his face and Sherlock’s chest wet. John had cried and shaken in Sherlock’s arms and Sherlock had let him. He hadn’t said anything in turn, just wrapped his arms even tighter around John’s trembling body and placed soft, loving kisses on top of his head. After a while they’d fallen asleep like that.
He chose everything he needed for Sherlock’s punishment as planned and looked at the small collection of items on the bedspread. Especially one of them reminded John of what was still missing: his own patience in this. He should never, absolutely
“Perhaps I will,” Thomas growled and pulled the trigger seconds before John tackled him to the ground. The sound of shattering glass eased John’s anxiety a bit. Thomas let go of the gun to use both hands to fight John off, but he didn’t have a chance against the ex-army doctor. John pressed the man face first against the greyish tiles with practiced ease. He kept him there with one knee on the spine, the man’s arms crossed behind his back. Thomas tried to wriggle his hands out of John’s vice-like grip, but it was inescapable.
Sherlock flinched when John’s familiar voice disturbed his thoughts. “Yes, I’m just really engrossed in this experiment,” he answered as matter-of-factly as possible but a tad too quickly. He turned his head to look at John who was standing slightly behind him and granted his boyfriend a short smile.
“What happened?” John asked when they were inside the cab and Sherlock basically yelled their destination at the cabbie. “Why the airport? Did I… miss anything; are we going to a different country?” Seemed just like Sherlock to leave in a hurry and not even bother with any luggage. Of course, the clever git knew that John always carried his passport with him. It had actually helped him to save a lot of time when getting access to a crime scene; to prove that he was
bedroom. “Just try to get at least four hours of sleep tonight, okay?” He pressed his lips affectionately against the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, but before he could continue his way to their bedroom, Sherlock stood up, grabbed John’s wrist to keep him from leaving and gave him a much more passionate kiss. The sudden intensity caught John off guard, made him stumble backwards until his back was pressed flat against the fridge and left them both gasping for breath. When Sherlock broke the kiss, John pushed the other man away, gingerly, hesitantly. Not that he wasn’t interested in more (if the throbbing sensation in his pants was anything to go by), but he knew that Sherlock wasn’t up for more, not during a case.
“I’m whimpering and begging you to fuck me, but you still deny me any kind of release. I promise that I can be good for you, but of course you want me to prove it, so you grab my hair and fuck my mouth instead. Goood, Captain!” Sherlock groaned when John bobbed his head up and down on his crotch. John hummed around him, the hand that worked his own cock was moving faster by the minute.
John smirked down at the kneeling man. “Clever boy,” he cooed, sat down on the sofa and switched on the telly. Sherlock looked at him questioningly. “Oh, don’t mind me. I still have to keep up with some pre-recorded episodes of EastEnders,” John said casually while reaching into the pocket of his jeans for another, hidden remote. Sherlock yelped in surprise when the plug in his arse began to vibrate on a low setting, but John ignored him.
.' That was why he had suddenly felt the overwhelming urge to fight John off, despite of all the trust John had earned. '
, but I could really need your help, John. It’s just till I’m home again, but I have to work a double shift.”
John heaved a sigh and forced himself to look at her. “We were working on a case together. One of the suspects escaped and had to be brought back from Seville. At the airport, he managed to get hold of one of the police officers’ gun and… well, Sherlock ran after him. Unarmed as usual, of course.”
The only possible solution for him was to subtly make John aware of his military kink and there was Sherlock’s problem in a nutshell: he did not want to beg for anything before John had even agreed to play
The room fell silent for a couple of seconds and John swallowed a mouthful of tea before he answered. Of course he could insist that everything was just fine between them, but he knew that Mrs Hudson wouldn’t believe it for one second. “Sherlock almost got shot yesterday.”
John was panting for breath and he moaned obscenely when Sherlock delivered another hard suck. He sat up on his elbows and put his left hand on the back of Sherlock’s head, neither pushing him down, nor pulling on his hair again. He simply watched, mesmerised, when half of his length disappeared between red, swollen lips. “Oh God, sweetheart, you–
He didn't pay much attention to John, took off his coat and scarf and let himself flop onto the sofa facedown. Before John had a chance to join him, Sherlock stretched and sprawled out, claiming the entire sofa like a spoiled cat.
“Yes,” Sherlock said curtly, determined not to let his disappointment show while he mentally cancelled half of his plans for the day. He reluctantly lifted his head from John’s chest and sat cross-legged on the sheets opposite of him while John propped himself up against his pillow. The sudden loss of skin-on-skin contact left Sherlock feeling cold, so he reached for his blanket and wrapped it around his naked upper body. “Actually, I don’t really know where to start. There are many things we should talk about, so I’ll probably say the most important ones first. I love you, John. I love the things we did so far and I still want to play with you.”
Watson he could muster. He was fed up with the other men’s childish bickering. His tone of voice served its purpose and he honestly didn’t care what other effects it might have on Sherlock. There were more important matters at hand. “Has our suspect arrived yet?”
, you don’t get jerk yourself off while I’m fucking you!” John hissed and tightened his grip on Sherlock’s hand. He underlined his point with a couple of particularly rough thrusts.
While working on the case, Sherlock gets himself into a dangerous situation. John is a good and caring dom, but he can deliver a punishment when necessary.
John set his teacup aside and shifted closer towards the other man. Obviously, Sherlock didn’t like to talk freely about his kink, but John had a feeling that there was more to it. He placed one hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck and massaged small circles onto the skin. Sherlock closed his eyes and immediately relaxed under the reassuring touch.
John heaved a sigh before he went on. Talking about past relationships was a pain in the arse, but he decided that it might be helpful. “I, too, had a fair share of relationships that involved at least some degree of power play. Aftercare and mutual respect are essential to minimise the risk of both physical and psychological damage, but
John snapped out of his thoughts and looked around. It wasn’t much of a surprise his feet had automatically carried him near his favourite pub. He was, however, surprised to see Lestrade standing outside, smoking and chatting with a group of other Yarders. John smiled and walked up to him.
Sherlock woke with a start. He had no idea how long he’d slept for or why he had fallen asleep in the first place. The first thing he noticed was that John had already got up. Sherlock let his hands roam over the sheets; the fabric was cool (John must have woken up at least an hour ago) and ruffled (more than usual). Sherlock stretched luxuriously and kicked the duvet off. He heaved a sigh when he looked at his smartphone… four hours. He’d wasted
“He’s, um…” Greg cleared his throat, “he’s become insufferable since he figured out that I’m in a relationship he doesn’t approve of.”
As it turned out, there were three hours of anxious waiting. Out of boredom, Sherlock had started a new experiment on the average growth rate of mould cultures under different amounts of oxygen, light and temperature. He tried to focus as best as he could, but he felt miserable when John wasn’t home by ten. He checked his phone for the umpteenth time, but nothing had changed. For some reason, John hadn’t even read the message yet! It wasn’t the first time that John was angry with him, but he had never ignored him so blatantly obviously. In fact, John never ignored him. He would become upset, give Sherlock some space and come back when they had both calmed down again. Being ignored was just…
John draped the soft fabric over Sherlock’s eyes and tied the ends together behind his head. He placed a hand on the small of Sherlock’s back. “Follow me.” John walked closely beside Sherlock as he guided them to Sherlock’s chair by the fireplace. “Sit down, sweetheart.”
'I’m nothing like the fragile little pets you’ve had before me…' He thought about Sherlock’s words again and again.
John let go of Sherlock’s wrists when he noticed his reaction and quickly moved to stand in front of the quivering man. “You’re crying, sweetheart. Are you alright?” John checked in with him.
Suddenly, it was child’s play to deduce the emotions John had suffered through earlier. “It’s clear from your body language right now that you are still agitated about everything that happened. The thought of losing me still terrifies you, but it’s not about the fact that a bullet missed my head for 10.5 inches. It’s because everything that happened today reminded you of what it feels like to actually lose someone you love. You told me that a bit of edging isn’t enough to compensate my stupid mistake, but
“Night,” the detective replied and grinned internally for the second time this evening. John had obviously noticed that something was different, strange even. Good. No, better than good:
could do about it. Sherlock cleared his search history. Instead of wasting even more time on trying to find the right answers, he grabbed his smartphone and scrolled through the contacts. Of course he knew
John took a deep breath before he answered the phone. Calls from Clara were rarely good news. “Hey, Clara,” he greeted her and she didn’t leave him any time to say more than these two words.
When Sherlock was eventually done with his experiments on the victim’s blood – he had told Lestrade right away that the 'accident' hadn’t been an accident at all – he allowed himself to focus exclusively on coming up with a detailed plan to make John aware of his military kink without wasting any words on it. Of course it would be sufficient to nick John’s dog tags and place them somewhere else in the flat, perhaps in the drawer that also contained their lube and sex toys, but wouldn’t it be so much more fun to call John 'Captain' during sex and then see how the other man would react to that? Perhaps they’d fall into some kind of role-play, perhaps John would even agree to wear his old army fatigues the next time. Sherlock had imagined it so many times before: olive-coloured fabric covering tanned skin and accentuating lean muscles, John’s dog tags clinking with every movement of his body, with every breath, every thrust, clinking together in a staccato rhythm when John drove them both over the edge…
Sherlock stood up from the sofa and grabbed the nearest laptop. 'A new password? Really, John?' but it was only a matter of twenty seconds till he figured out the new one. The search results that turned up a few minutes later were consistent. He roughly understood what John was going through, but he had no idea what
“When it comes to hard limits, we have to accept and agree on every single one of them, Sherlock. It doesn’t work any other way.”
Sherlock smiled when an idea formed in his mind. “Why don’t we just take a shower together? To save time and all…”
Don't worry, I'll write about the reunion and the military aspect eventually. I just wanted to focus on their dynamics first.
“Of course you do,” John laughed and gave Sherlock a little peck on his chin. He darted a glance at the kitchen table that was still cluttered with Sherlock’s microscope and beakers and carried both cups towards the coffee table instead.
For the second time this morning, John smirked at his lover with glinting eyes. “Here’s the deal, soldier: You don’t get to touch yourself. You can beg all you want, but
was pleased with himself. “Then why on earth didn’t you?” Sherlock snapped and glared at John. Falling behind with a case was beyond unacceptable.
game; the very thought of rejection tinged Sherlock’s cheeks pink with embarrassment. Leaving a few hints every now and then, yes. But asking John directly to… to do what in particular? To use his Captain voice more often, especially in the bedroom? To order Sherlock around, make him obey to a yet-to-be-negotiated set of rules and punish him if he didn’t? To control his pleasure, to leave him hard and wanting and waiting for hours, days… and then fuck him senseless? Sherlock had to stifle a moan when the visual part of his imagination kicked in. God, he wanted,
“I’m not hungry and you can’t force me into eating breakfast.” Sherlock wrapped his dressing gown tighter around his lean frame and pouted.
He swallowed around John’s length a couple of times and John groaned when his entire cock was engulfed in the wet heat of Sherlock’s mouth and throat. Sherlock started sucking at the base and pulled all the way off, the tip of John’s cock sliding out of his mouth with a soft
Sherlock had never felt more turned on… and frustrated. Oh, yes, definitely frustrated. His heart was pounding wildly against his ribcage when he felt his orgasm build for the second time. “Please, sir,
.” For a split second, Sherlock was startled by how easily John could turn his doubts into confidence. He had never thought about it from that perspective: outside of a scene, actively negotiating the possibilities.
'Make it four and a half, adding a minimal morning routine and rejecting John’s attempts to feed me some breakfast,' Sherlock thought and padded towards the bathroom. He mentally corrected his timetable to 'five' when he caught sight of his messy hair in the mirror.
“It doesn’t matter anymore because I don’t want your domination if you really think that a bit of edging is enough to cross my limits. I’m nothing like the fragile little
“I won’t come, sir,” Sherlock said determinedly and looked straight at John. It felt a bit weird, calling his boyfriend
“When you were ranting about being bored, you also said that I am easy to please. I don’t care where you got this ridiculous idea from, but I want you to prove it. If you want any more impact play, you’ll have to earn it, pet. Show me how easily you can please me with the pants still on.”
Sherlock filed that particular piece away for analysing later, but the concept was easy. “I understand that now, but there’s one more thing we both need to learn. It’s essential to this kind of relationship, so please don’t overthink it. As a Dom you take over a lot of responsibility. You take care of me when we’re playing and also after a scene. You make it easy for me to submit to you because you make me feel safe and respected when I do, but submission isn’t my only…
“Oh God, yes!” John groaned and lifted his hips up to help Sherlock undress him completely. It took five seconds for Sherlock to get rid of John’s pants and toss them on the floor and another ten seconds to look at John’s body splayed out before him. Even looking at his naked, hard boyfriend was enough to make his own cock leak a bit of precome.
Sherlock almost choked on his tea. This wasn’t exactly on his list of favourite things to talk about first thing in the morning (or ever) and the question did catch him off-guard.
Sherlock bit is lower lip, tears welling up in his eyes despite himself. He couldn’t blame John for staying out all evening. He felt terrible, but John was the one who needed some reassuring words now. He flinched as a warm hand lightly touched his upper arm.
Lestrade nodded understandingly. “Why don’t you just join me and the others? Drinking, chatting… the average Thursday afternoon. You look like you could need a pint or two.”
John Watson without having to call Greg and making an innocent police officer listen to Sherlock’s insults in the meantime.
“Fuck off!” The atmosphere in the room shifted abruptly from there. It was a miracle how John had suppressed his anger until now.
“Yeah, sorry. Of course I’m coming over, just give me some time. I’ll be there before you have to go, but there’s something else I have to do first.”
John eventually stood up from the sofa, stretched and went past Sherlock on his way to Sherlock’s bedroom…
“221B Baker Street,” John replied automatically and immersed himself in his thoughts again. Of course it wasn’t the first time Sherlock had almost got killed during a case, but it had never got to him the way it did now. Yes, there had been nightmares about faceless killers running after them and fatally injuring Sherlock, but they had been just that: dreams. They hadn’t kept him on the verge of a panic attack during his waking hours.
“I like pleasing you, John,” Sherlock whispered and lifted himself up on his hands and knees to repeat kissing his way down John’s body. “It makes me even harder when I know you’re getting off on me submitting to you.”
when you’re working on a case.” However much John tried, he couldn’t keep his own arousal out of his voice.
“John, if you don’t mind, just wait on the other side of the one-way mirror this time,” Greg said nervously. It was clear that he was concerned about the suspect’s well-being.
Sherlock briefly closed his eyes and willed the memories to go away, even though Mycroft was probably right. He had a case to focus on! “Sorry, I got caught up in my own thoughts. What did you say?”
Time to change tactics then… “Don’t have to. But you might get a little reward if you do.” John leant closer towards Sherlock and covered the side of his neck with hot, wet kisses.
“Yes, of course. Just make sure to pop in tomorrow. I still need Sherlock’s help and I’ll also need your statements on this, but there are enough charges to file in the meantime.” Lestrade tilted his head towards the handcuffed man.
“Good. That’s… good,” John said awkwardly. He looked at Sherlock, but the detective impatiently strode up and down the arrivals area, probably deducing random passers-by to keep his mind occupied.
When Sherlock got up from his place at the kitchen table, he gave a low moan because the movement caused his erection to shift a bit and when he palmed himself through the thin fabric of his pyjama bottoms, he realised that they were already soaked with precome by now. He discarded them along with his dressing gown and shirt on his way to their bedroom and slipped under the covers in nothing but his pants.
Greg mumbled some apologetic nonsense about not being able to keep someone in custody without sufficient evidence. “I had to let him go yesterday and I couldn’t keep an eye on him while interviewing his brother, Sherlock!”
“Someone like me?” John repeated, mentally steeling himself for a fight. He folded the newspaper he’d been trying to read and all but threw it on the coffee table.
was right where he wanted him to be. He bobbed his head up and down on Sherlock’s cock, occasionally breaking his rhythm to tease the frenulum with his tongue or repeatedly flick it over the slit. It didn’t take long until Sherlock’s moans became more frequent; another rush of bitter precome mingled with John’s saliva and when John noticed the shallow but tell-tale thrusts of Sherlock’s hips, he withdrew his mouth from the other man’s cock altogether. Sherlock desperately arched his hips up into – nothing – and actually
John slid almost all the way out of the magnificent tightness of Sherlock’s arse before thrusting back in. John’s rhythm became faster, eliciting little moans from Sherlock with some particular rough thrusts. “Pet…” John waited till he had the full attention of Sherlock’s brilliant mind. What was left of it, anyway. “Lift up your legs,” he demanded, his voice thick with arousal and need.
“He’s not in trouble, is he?” the landlady asked, sat down at the kitchen table and gestured for John to do the same.
“I’ll try to get to bed before you stand up again, promise.” With that he padded back to the cluttered table as if nothing out of the ordinary had ever happened.
Fortunately, he hadn’t had a nightmare last night. The warmth of Sherlock’s skin and the even breathing next to him had been enough to convince even his unconscious, irrational dream-self that the detective was very much alive and safe. No, seeing Sherlock die in his dreams wasn’t the problem this time. The case had reached for a particular memory he had tried to distance himself from as far as possible and had dragged it back to the surface. Trying to forget about something and actually coming to terms with something were two very different things John realised bitterly. As soon as he thought about the shattered glass and the small distance between the bullet and Sherlock’s head, the other memories were there, haunting him, mocking him. As if he could change a bloody damn thing about the past! John groaned and cursed under his breath. It hadn’t been that bad since he moved into Baker Street with Sherlock!
“Oh, God yes!” Sherlock moaned when the next smacks covered every inch of his pale bum, hard enough to leave visible handprints. After the first twenty smacks John admired his handiwork. Judging by the beautiful sounds Sherlock had made, he needed more. However, John’s hand was beginning to sting quite a bit.
, John decided. He’d talk about it before they’d go to the reunion together. John felt a little more confident when the cab pulled up at the kerb outside of 221B.  He gave a twenty pound note to the cabbie and quickly hurried inside through the drenching rain.
hard, I wanted to take care of that. I wanted to make you come whatever way you please. Why didn’t you let me?” He could have tried to make it sound less reproachful, but that wasn’t his style. He wanted to hear John’s point of view,
It had been a bit unsettling. John never passed on an opportunity to get off with him. What if John was already disappointed that he had slipped up so soon, that he had to be punished a day after they’d negotiated everything? He had told John that he could be challenging sometimes... and a few days of orgasm denial wouldn’t change that.
punish a sub when his own emotions still played into it. Sherlock trusted him, submitted to him freely, and John would be damned if he threw that gift away in a fit of rage. He reconsidered their negotiations and both their limits and felt his anger ease by the minute. John picked up the items and went back to the sitting room – this time, he was in the right headspace.
John chuckled. “You’re still not allowed to come, sweetheart.” His voice became stern: “… and I’ll have to punish you if you do anyway.”
Sherlock’s grey-blue eyes were fixed on John’s while he rattled through his explanation: “As I’ve noticed at first glance, the victim’s body did not look like that of a typical water corpse, despite the fact that she had indeed a fair amount of water in her lungs. So yes, she drowned in the Thames, but it was only made to
John was pleased with himself when they ate in companionable silence. By the time Sherlock swallowed down the last mouthful of toast, there was a bit of strawberry jam in the left corner of his mouth. Adorable, how a tiny detail could compromise the rest of his immaculate appearance…
Sherlock quickly took all of John into his mouth and swallowed around him, once, twice, and John moaned loudly.
John picked up the riding crop and Sherlock hissed when the broad, cool, smooth leather tip was dragged up and down the underside of his pulsing cock. “Mmh, poor boy. Are you close?” John asked with feigned cluelessness.
John took one of the bigger sofa cushions and put it on the floor next to the coffee table. “Get up,” he commanded and helped Sherlock by steadying his upper body with both hands. Sherlock’s skin felt warm and damp under John’s fingertips, but it was nothing compared to the hot, sweaty mess Sherlock would be when he was done with him. “Kneel down on that cushion and get as comfortable as possible. You’ll stay there for quite a while.”
“Alright, Sherlock. You asked for this,” John teased, but his voice was stern. Instead of the punishing rhythm Sherlock was mentally bracing himself for, John circled his hips languidly in small, grinding thrusts that drove Sherlock out of his mind with want.
“Are you mad at me?” Sherlock asked sheepishly when they entered the sitting room of 221B. John hadn’t said a single word during their cab-ride home, let alone looked at him.
Sherlock struggled to keep still whenever John’s lips moved anywhere near his groin, but they never quite touched his cock. Without warning John licked over a small patch of skin on Sherlock’s inner thigh. Before Sherlock had time to process John’s intention, he was already sucking a love bite into the delicate skin. Sherlock’s hips involuntarily jerked up a bit and he mewled in frustration. John licked over the reddened skin once more, sat up and looked at Sherlock’s swollen cock. “Poor boy, you want to come so badly, don’t you?”
Sherlock smiled at the way the early morning sun played with John’s mostly greyish hair. Some of the strands looked almost sandy blond in the golden beams of light. He pressed his lips softly against John’s forehead and when he pulled away, a pair of gentle blue eyes was looking back at him. All remnants of last night’s sadness were gone and the look on John’s face was something close to gratitude. Because Sherlock had offered him physical and emotional comfort in turn? Because he hadn’t tried to coax John into saying things he wasn’t ready talking about yet? Probably both, he decided.
… that was a different and quite complex thing altogether. Sherlock wasn’t fragile per se, but John knew from experience that he tended to ignore his physical limits when he had more important things on his mind. It didn’t make him vulnerable by default, but it could become very dangerous under the wrong circumstances. When Sherlock chose his need to please and submit over his own limits…
“You suddenly started questioning the things we did, right? You think I can’t possibly feel safe when submitting to you even though I do. Very much, in fact. I wouldn’t trust you if I had any doubts about your competence as a Dom, John. I only said the things I said because I didn’t recognise the situation right away for what it was. You didn’t believe me when I said you hadn’t hurt me, so I assumed you thought I was weak, vulnerable. Too vulnerable to play safely or speak up when you’d really cross my limits.”
we both wanted to play, you’d have your hands tied to the bedframe and be begging for my cock by now. Obviously, that’s not what you want right now, so I’m fine with that. Mutual respect and consent, remember?”
Usually, Sherlock couldn’t be bothered to sleep during a case, but he had already made an exception to his case-mode schedule. If John was lucky, he’d even be able to coax a slice of toast and at least one cup of tea past those enticing lips. He liked taking care of Sherlock, especially since the genius had nearly collapsed after a particularly intense 74 hour case. All attempts to reason with Sherlock and convince the stubborn detective that a modicum of sleep and food might help his 'transport' to survive the case had been cut off with snarky replies. Of course, that didn’t keep the doctor from trying…
“It’s crucial to negotiate this properly, Sherlock. I thought about it quite a lot this morning and it’s a kink I want to explore with you, but I need to know what you are in for.”
“Yes, obviously. Gavin would rather send them straight to Pentonville than back into NSY custody and he needs my help to convict the second criminal.”
“I enjoy nipple play; clamps, ice, whatever you can think of. Aside from that, you already know what I like.”
Sherlock put one of the culture dishes into the crisper and closed the fridge door more forcefully than necessary. He wished for nothing more than for John to finally come home. Apparently, Dom drop could be a really dark state of mind and – even though
“That’s not on my kink list, either. What if I want you to push my soft limits or try something that’s new for both of us?”
. “I didn’t cry because it was too painful or I wanted you to stop. For a moment everything felt incredibly intense, that’s all. I did not safeword because I didn’t have to. Everything you did, every reaction you caused was well within my limits, John.”
Sherlock kissed him back enthusiastically and gave an annoyed groan when both their mobiles pinged with incoming texts. Sherlock broke the kiss and rolled over to his side of the bed to snatch his smartphone form the bedside table. “It’s from Lestrade,” he sighed and scrolled through the text. “He wants to have our statements by ten.”
Sherlock’s thoughts short-circuited at the sound of a zip being pulled down. John sighed as he palmed his partly freed erection through his pants and for a moment, Sherlock felt like the scene was merging with his fantasy.
he cared, but he didn’t say a single word about either. Not now, not yet. First, he would have to make a difference between venting his anger and helping Sherlock understand
John hooked one finger under Sherlock’s chin and tilted his head up. A pair of grey-blue eyes immediately met his. “Now listen closely, Sherlock. You are not allowed to come without my explicit permission. You can moan and whimper all you like, but the only words I want to hear from that gorgeous mouth are when you’re close to orgasm.”
a lovely way to wake up,” he mumbled drowsily and nudged his head into John’s hand like a touch-starved cat. John smirked and elicited a low, contented sound from his boyfriend when he scratched his fingernails lightly over Sherlock’s scalp. “Don’t stop!” the younger man complained when John eventually withdrew his hand.
