"Son of a bitch." Dean forgot about the children present. "Is that blue?"
"Dean."
"Oh right. Holiday or work? I know a woman who moved to England for work."
"Five." Jake answered.
"Still." Sam shrugged.
"Fine by me. Say hi to Jess for me. And don't you crazy kids forget to have some fun."
"Your children seem nice."
"Kids will be kids, I guess." The stranger said begrudgingly, wiping himself.
"Uh, yeah." Dean replied, dazed. "I knew I liked dudes but..." He wasn't sure if he wanted to say he was expecting him to be female or if he simply wanted to go with 'damn'.
"Yeah." They vigorously nodded.
Harriet collided with a man in a trenchcoat. He tried and failed to avoid the tiny child, spilling the contents of his coffee cup. At least that missed her.
"Like blue." Her expression seemed to accuse him of being crazy.
Dean was on day 3 of his babysitting duties when he got bored of being indoors.
"Kinda weird, yeah. But soulmates are massive chick flick moments."
"Blue, everyone knows that."
"Green?"
"I saw them, of course. They were only grey. Have you never seen the sky or water?"
"Yeah." Jake answered for both of them.
"Oof."
"Cool."
"Oh, that's weird." Jake commented.
"I suppose." Sam gave up. He hugged them too. "Goodbye, you two. Mommy and I will be back soon. Be good for your Uncle Dean."
"Them kissing is a chick flick moment. Valentine's Day is one big chick flick moment. Today is kinda overrated."
"You're worrying too much. I've done this tons of times before. I looked after you when we were kids, didn't I?"
"Uncle Dean!" Two children yelled.
"Two." Harriet showed pride in her age.
"Well yeah, they have friends over there. But these two seem to love their Uncle Dean. Maybe I bribed them with too many marshmallow spread waffles."
"When you said blue was awesome, you forgot to say just how awesome it is."
"Stay here." Dean raced outside and back to his seat. "You've been living with that?!"
"How about we visit Starbucks on our way home? They do hot chocolate. You want hot chocolate?"
"But if it's cold, then it won't be all melty." The boy reasoned.
"Everything will be fine."
"If it isn't, call after 3pm. Unless it's an emergency. Call us immediately if-"
"But Sammy!" The other end was disconnected.
I've celebrated Valentine's Day before but I can't wait to celebrate it with you from now on. Especially now we can appreciate all the colours in existence.
"Never mind us, what about you, Castiel? I'm guessing you're on lunch break."
"Yeah."
"Good." Castiel slid a napkin to Dean with a message and his number as he left.
Dean walked his niece and nephew to the park, a couple blocks away from his apartment. The second they passed the gate, the children sprinted to the swings.
"Let's go to Starbucks then." He grabbed their hands.
"Morning." Dean yawned as he welcomed Sam inside his apartment. "When you said you'd come in the morning, I thought it would be a little later than this."
"I own Winchester Motors."
"We have to find you a nice lady. Mommy and Daddy are happy and you gotta-"
"Me!" Harriet jumped on the sofa until her food was on the floor.
Dean put his hand on the guy's shoulder. He didn't know why. He'd never do this with someone else. "Buddy, I insist."
"You ever catch your mom and dad kissing?"
"I'm sorry, man. Harriet, come here."
Cas excused himself. "I'd better get back to work. Talk to you later?"
"It's 9:30 and our flight's at 1. Besides, you can't expect to sleep until midday this week."
"We're both 29, Dean. Not to mention, you're only 4 years older than us."
"Hey, you had green. I didn't live in a city until I was 15. Growing up, everything was grey."
Once home, Dean rang his brother in Australia.
Dean laughed at Cas' joke. "Pretty much."
"Dude, I'm paying."
"No." Dean shook his head. "Sammy moved to California to study at Stanford and never really came back."
"I do!" Jake raised his hand.
"Holiday. My treat. He's a lawyer and works so damn hard I thought it was time he took a break. You will not believe how difficult it was to persuade his boss to give him time off during Valentine's week. Problem's probably more that it's a week away. Still, I get his kids for the week so that's good."
"It's 5am. This better be good." Sam complained.
"Who wants pancakes?" Dean tried to lighten their mood. The two of them smiled.
"Journalist. You?"
"Bye Daddy." They hugged him and returned to Dean's side, waving as Sam descended the stairs.
The stranger lifted his head to decline Dean's offer more directly. Upon eye contact, the grey in the man's eyes dissolved into a strange new colour. Dean blinked repeatedly for a second to check if he was hallucinating.
"I think that's what everyone in England wakes up to."
Dean sat to the side, alternating his attention from checking his phone to supervising Sam's children. He occasionally reminded them not to perform too many stunts, such as climbing the slide instead of using its steps. Harriet, at one point, attempted to mount the slanted roundabout by herself. Before Dean could help her, Jake was rushing to do it instead. He smirked, thinking back to when he and Sam were children. The kids seemed to be Sam and Dean Winchester 2.0.
“Sorry,” he takes the beer from his dad’s hand, taking a long sip before giving it back. “But he wouldn’t be Cas if he didn’t.”
Both of them chuckle and stay like that, enjoying the closeness.
“I know he
He needs to know, and it’s not every day you get Dean Winchester comfortable enough to talk about his feelings.
“I’m sorry, it’s Jack. He needs me,” His blue eyes apologize. “It’ll only take me a moment”.
Dean heads further into the front yard, bending down to pick a marguerite as he looks in awe how another flower grows instantly, filling the void. Jack was surely doing an awesome job, thinks proudly. He stretches lazily before offering his hand with a smile.
He suddenly stops, sight blinded by darkness. Then he calls, and waits.
“I can fix that.” he promises, finally deciding for “Fool in the rain”.
“Oh boy, now we are complete!” His laugh resonates enthusiastically through the room while handing him a beer. “And Cas is here too! It was time you decided to bring him” he winks and John’s features turn even more anxious, ‘traitor, you knew’ written all over them. “What are you guys waiting? Mary and Karen are already in the dining table, come on!”
“Castiel,” he begins loudly. “I need you here, please.”
“Dean?”
“Hello Dean,” Of course it wouldn’t take long, he thinks warmly. Taking courage, he turns and his chest tightens.
The song ends and Cas doesn’t notice until he hears goodbyes floating around the room. He looks at Dean and finds him staring back with affection.
“Never said there had to be one.”
His sight lies on his father, who is suddenly a few steps away with a look of disbelief in his eyes, grip thigh in his bottle.
Dean automatically embraces him, getting sleepier with every hot breath the angel takes against his pulse.
Dean chuckles softly at their loss of synchrony, and his vision is greeted by Cas embarrassed eyes.
Dean sighs an affirmation, his forefinger brushing Castiel’s face, right where the tired bags used to lay under the eyelids. “You also look different.”
Dean let go all the breath he didn't notice he was holding, laughing softly.
When he finds Castiel already sitting in the passenger’s seat, he hurries to get in.
“Maybe.”
The angel hums, walking towards the bed. “It feels more adequate, yes.”
Dean thinks as he tries to find a comfortable position, getting exasperated at himself. He has done this plenty of times with strangers before, shouldn’t it be even easier with the person he loves?
Suddenly, the room feels heavy on the ex-hunter’s shoulders, guilty running through his head.  He nods and taps his fingers anxiously on the mattress, eyes travelling behind Castiel’s frame.
Cheers erupt on the table, making John look at his son and smile as if he wanted to apologize. Even Castiel claps, proud and love shining in his gaze. Dean couldn’t be happier.
Because
After saying their goodbyes without the Winchester’s marriage in sight, they stay outside breathing the fresh air of the night.
Dean whistles while Cas folds carefully his previous outfit before placing it on a chair. “Better, isn’t it?”
The dinner passes between jokes and anecdotes of Dean as a kid and as a hunter, Castiel automatically preferring the first ones as he puts special attention to Mary’s beloved memories. John participates too, loosing himself a little more with every word, but still hiding his glance when his son gets too touchy with the angel or vice versa. Not a single trace of disgust, though. Only awkwardness.
“Hey, relax,” he mutters as he takes the angel’s hand between his. “I just wanted to see you.”
From the door frame, they watch in awe Mary’s head on his husband’s chest as they move slowly with the rhythm, being followed by Karen and Bobby. Dean feels his eyes sting at the tender sight, even Ellen is dancing clumsily along Rufus, Jo and Ash giggling at the corner while drinking a beer.
he reprimands at himself, looking at the ceiling as it would resolve his situation.
“I don’t see the problem there,” the angel murmurs while his fingers travel around his boyfriend’s hair.
“Wow, okay!” the ex hunter returns to Cas side after a little, delighted. “I want everyone to greet my boyfriend too.”
The human groans at the hungry movements, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s neck to get impossibly closer while the angel settles above him, hands firmly pressed against the other’s cheekbone.
His father stays a few steps ahead for a brief moment analyzing a beer, switching it from hand to hand.
Dean stays at the end of the bed, playing with his sleeves as he tries to organize his thoughts.
do anything to me,” he corrects, blank expression. “I’m worried of losing control and sending his ass back to hell if he dares to oversteps the line.”
“You don’t look that bad either,” she contemplates with a knowing smile as she receives the flower, darting her eyes to the angel and then at their hands. “Actually, you look better than ever. Wondering why,” Mary teased, ignoring his son’s groan to look directly at the other “Welcome, Castiel. It’s been a long time. Please, come in!”
The human lifts his head a little, wondering what did Rufus find. Castiel is about to ask, when music begins playing and his human’s eyes grow wide and turn bright.
“What’s wrong?”
He can’t help but put special attention to every inch of the skin he gets to see from his place, fully satisfied when the angel finally ends putting on his shirt.
“It’s okay Batman, duty is calling,” Dean smiles. “Go, I’ll wait for you. We can return together in the impala.” He plants a brief kiss on Castiel’s knuckles. “Tell the kid I said hi.”
“You always tell me the same,” Dean finally says after a few seconds, maybe minutes, between shaky breaths. “But I need to say it, Cas,” he adds, pulling apart just a little to face the angel who seems too rigid, too doubtful. Dean wants to be the one erasing all the burden of the other’s heart this time, making it permanent.
“I don’t know!” He yelled at his son's defensive tone, frustrated, before looking back at him. “I just… want you to know that I’m happy for you, son. I really am.” he makes a stop sign with his hand when Dean aims to speak. “Look, I know I’ve done many shitty things in the past, but seeing you laugh with that angel at the dining table? Dancing together? God, I had never seen you that happy, Dean. You deserve this, there’s no one here who deserves this more than you do, and if said happiness…” he pauses, visibly swallowing. “Is because of this man, then I’ll welcome him. I’ll accept him, I’ll–”
“We should go too,” God, he had never been this grateful with Castiel for stepping into a conversation, he thinks as his lover grabs his hand and guides him to the table not without sending a death glare at John’s direction first, making Dean melt internally.
Dean looks at him puzzled, and Castiel rushes to keep talking “I just don’t want him to do something stupid,” he whispers, soothing his arm.
“I gave him a mixtape with Led Zeppelin songs,” he huffs at the confused features, hiding his hands on his pockets. “To Cas, back on earth.”
Dean gasps surprised when the angel closes his mouth against his, wet lips being immediately parting to give Castiel the space to deepen the kiss, their tongues greeting desperately.
After a nod, Dean heads both of them inside the living room, where they are greeted with the sight of Ellen and Jo in the couch talking enthusiastically, Rufus next to Ash digging in the collection of CD’s and John drinking beer by the window.
He sighs looking at his childhood’s house, smiling when the door opens as he waits for his mom to walk out to say goodbye. Except… It’s John, walking towards him with a baffled expression.
“He’s my father, he won’t do anything to you.”
Dean remains silent as he raises an eyebrow at the strange behavior. His father groans, throwing his head back. “I’m not angry, Dean.”
Ellen and Jo offer to do dishes along Ash, so Mary and John move to the living room with the Singer couple and Rufus following closely, leaving the lovers alone in the table.
Cas chuckled at that, Dean coughing a little to hide his embarrassment. He was so obvious back then that it made him cringe.
“I love you too, Dean.”
His boots touch the ground, realization hitting right on his chest. He closes the door, doesn’t dare to look back while he begins to walk slowly. He’ll run away just like the other times if he does.
The angel nods, soothing his lover’s forearm where he laid his hand on him for the first time. Dean throws his head backwards wanting to melt in the moment, tiredness appropriating of his body.
“Your father is in there.”
“Wow Dad,” Dean rushes in, clearing his throat. “I get it, thank you”
When the air gets almost inexistent in his lungs, Dean draws away breathing heavily along Castiel, appreciating his swollen lips.
“I’ve noticed you like holding hands when you feel upset,” he simply says, stretching a little.
“Hey mom,” Dean returns the gesture. “You look fabulous,” he whistles, receiving a playful hit on his shoulder.
John rolls his eyes, trying to suppress a smile.
“I love you too,” Dean reciprocates, breathing in and out. “Always have, ever since I saw you for the first time. I just knew it, I was... yours or whatever. And I’ll always be.”
“I’m sorry, you must be really busy, we can forget about –”
“You can’t sleep with this,” he finally says, playing with the trench coat. “Why don’t you grab something more comfortable of my wardrobe?”
“I’m perfect,” he whispers, turning to face his lover and pressing his forehead against Castiel’s, closing his eyes. “They are here,” he continues as he passes both arms around his neck, the angel slipping his hands to the lower back of the ex-hunter. “And you are here.”
After a sigh, Dean closes his eyes tiredly.
“What’s wrong?” he asks, frowning.
“C’mon tiger, let’s get them,” he responds, watching Cas walk until he’s besides him, accepting his lover’s hand.
“Why would you be angry?”
“Is he really…” he starts, eyes switching between his son and the angel at the back, but gets interrupted by Bobby leaving the kitchen and detecting Dean in the act.
“Did mom send you?”
“Ah! Didn’t I tell you back at the Roadhouse, sweetie? There was definitely something going on there!” exclaimed Ellen.
Dean opened his mouth to give Gabriel the line they had decided would sum up the situation best, but Castiel cut him off: “Lie!  You can’t talk about me like this with the girls there.  It’ll terrify them.”
Jess’s smile wavered and her eyebrows knitted together as she looked at Dean uncertainly.
“Did he die? Um, the previous… tenant?”
“Have you recently consulted with a mental health professional?”
She looked at him with a raised eyebrow, “Well what’s the option?  I don’t see myself settling down any time soon.”
“I know,” Crowley answered into his phone.  “Like the proverbial cherry on top.”  An oily smile stretched his face from ear to ear as he looked in Castiel’s general direction without seeing him.
Dean and Castiel exchanged arched eyebrows as the tiny redhead stared ahead, dead serious.  She was this small, cute-as-a-button and compassionate person and Dean had known her for years.  Who would have thought that she was hiding fifty shades of psycho under there?
Castiel howled at Crowley, the man remaining impassive as he tried to convince Gabriel to let him go.  He raged at his situation, being unable to communicate his wishes.  He had been young, and naïve when he had signed those papers.  He knew better now.  There had to be more.  He just needed time.
Dean turned back towards Castiel. “We were supposed to meet.”
“Do those things really work?” he asked him.
“That I was seeing someone.”  Dean leaned back against the parapet facing him and Castiel glanced at him.  Dean looked out at the city a self-satisfied pout on his face.  “I didn’t tell her I was the only one who could.”  Dean turned his mocking grin on him and Castiel tried to ignore the flutter in his chest.
“What do I do?” Dean pleaded with him, “Tell me what to do, Cas!”
Gabriel stood in the hallway, his chest heaving from the anger and adrenaline surging through him.  He heard the old stairs creak and he turned to see Rowena making her way down: graceful as always in her three-inch stilettos, her dancer’s body wrapped tightly in an elegant black dress, her thick and loose red curls bobbing around her shoulders and down her back.
“Like, right here,” he said waving his hand off to the side.
“Well, look at it this way.  The worse that can happen is that we find out you died alone of an overdose convulsing on the floor.”
Castiel pressed his hips against his again, bumping into him.  Dean groaned and lay his hands on his shoulders holding him in place as he dropped his head in the crook of his neck.  “Cas, I don’t know if I can take much more of this.”  Dean fisted his trench coat in an attempt to keep him just far enough for him to get a hold of himself again, but also making sure the man wasn’t moving away.
“But dad!  We’re looking for the stick!” said Claire with all the seriousness of a six-year-old on a mission while her sister burst into more giggles.
“I can’t picture my life without him.  I don’t want to go back to that darkness.”
Castiel fell in step with him quickly. “Why are we talking to my brother?”
“We really appreciate this, Charlie.”
“It’s Dean,” he informed him, glaring at the camera man.
Lydia started laughing again and he enjoyed watching the affected control she had exuded during their first meeting disappear.  Dean went back to his pie, surprised to find himself glad of her friendly company.  “So, dating right? Ugh.”
“Uh, hi.  I just moved in on the top floor.  I was wondering, if you know anything about the guy who lived there before me.”
Dean slipped out of his plaid overshirt and tossed it on the back of a nearby chair before throwing himself into the middle of the mattress.  He stretched himself out on his back, giving Castiel the chance to leave the doorsill and come into the room slowly.  He leaned up onto his elbows and watched Castiel walk up to the bed.  With a playful smirk he asked him: “I don’t suppose losing the coat is possible, huh?”
The impossibility of the man freaked him out and he could feel that twisting panic in his gut: how did he know the things he knew?  A sad smile pulled at his mouth as he dropped his eyes once more.
“You’re his brother! You gotta have some dirt on him.”
“Oh, I dunno, have you seen those big green eyes?”  Dean pursed his lips at her, feeling his patience wearing thin. “Ah! And there’s the bitch face.”
Gabriel’s tone changed, a hardness in his eyes that showed he was losing his patience with him.  “Listen Dean-o, this is what he wanted.  And I’ve spent my whole life being a selfish jerk, and Castiel, he just went with it, because he was such a good little brother.  It’s time he got what he wanted.  I’m honoring his wishes.”
“I can’t do this without you.  We’re wasting precious time.”
Castiel just stood staring at Gabriel looking completely crestfallen.  No words could describe the horror and chest clenching pain that ripped through Dean in that moment, once again unable to help him, unable to save him from this cruel twist of fate.
The door of the room suddenly opened startling Castiel and making Dean turn to look at who was coming in.
Dean had turned the tap and wiped the water from his face, the memories buzzing angrily inside his skull.  He had stepped out of the shower and grabbed the nearby towel, drying off then wrapping it around his hips.  Then he’d reached for the beer he had left on the edge of the sink and taken a long swallow.  Eyes squeezed shut, focusing on breathing, he felt the buzzing being soothed away once more.
Castiel’s stomach lurched into his shoes.  He had never underestimated Crowley’s ambition to get the attending physician spot at St Matthews, they had been butting heads and trying to one up each other for months, although now it seemed that while Castiel had been stealing cat naps in the break room, Crowley had been worming his way into the Chief of Staff’s good graces.
Retrieved lab coat. Coffee.
The man took a deep breath and with his shoulders weighed down once more, he walked up to Castiel pulling something out of his jeans. As he drew closer, Castiel couldn’t help but feel like he knew him somehow.  Everything about the man felt so familiar.  He held out the hand holding the key palm down between them and waited.
“You need to go.”
Dean looked up at the room, peeking over the edge of the book like a child peering around a pillow at a horror movie expecting something gross and terrifying to pop out at him.  First glance showed him that the room was as empty as it had been before.  He lowered the book and looked around carefully, trying to peer into the dark corners.  “Are you here?” he asked those dark corners.  The air felt charged, like static permeated every molecule of empty space around him, and Dean felt the hair on his arms stand on end.  “Come on.  I think you’re here.”
“What?” Dean asked in complete and total confusion, forgetting for a moment that he was trying to ignore him.
“I’m trying to help you—”
Sam bent to pick up the card where it had landed face down on the ground.  He flipped it over and brought it to the table.  The card face was as dark as the back, but it had a strange symbol drawn on it in a dark red like dried blood.  It was a diamond with an arrow pointing straight out of the bottom of it with a swervy 5 drawn through it.  Sam tapped the card with a finger and looked up at Dean.  “This card represents an Unwanted Visitor.”
From the sheltered entrance to a nearby apartment building, a flyer printed on pink paper suddenly tore away from the advertising billboard.  It swirled and danced gracefully as it fluttered in the breeze.  It drifted over the sidewalk and around a parked car, then back up in the air with an updraft and swooped again.  It swerved around urban obstacles deftly, never staying stuck in place, always moving.
In the meantime, Dean tried to regain some form of control over the conversation.  “I’m not looking for money, sir.  I’m just trying to find my friend—”
Castiel’s eyes returned to his and he gently raised his own hand to line it up palm-to-palm.  “I’m thinking…”  Dean’s whole body felt like it was shaking as he waited through Castiel’s interminable silence.  “I’m thinking, that if this is my last night, I don’t want to spend it working so hard to save a life I never lived.  I want to experience life, Dean.”
“You hear?” Castiel whispered fiercely into the telephone, suddenly furious with his brother, “Gabriel, you’re not setting me up with some random stranger.”
He turned back to watch his nieces as they told his shell how much they missed him and hoped he would get better soon so they could go play in the park again. Gabriel came to stand beside him as he watched his girls fondly.  “It’s nice that you bring them to see me.”
Dean swerved again.  “We’re picking up someone from the hospital.  Can’t be late.”
“I can prove it.  That pillow has a small red stain on it from when I spilled cough syrup.”  Dean unstuck the pillow from his chest and looked down at the underside where an oddly shaped stain he hadn’t noticed before was.  “How could I know that if I didn’t live here?  Same way I know the bedding is from Nordstrom.  The receipt is still in the bedside dresser there.”  Dean’s eyes darted towards the dresser, but he didn’t reach for the drawer, the confusion and leftover effects of his alcohol consumption making his brain sluggish.  “You have to come to terms with the fact that you may be mentally ill.”
A ghost then.  In his apartment.  Holy Hell.
A cool breeze blew through the mostly green leaves of the trees that covered a vast expanse of the oasis-like Golden Gate Park. The sounds of children at play and idle chatter punctuated the relative stillness and peace of the island forest, framed into unnatural straight edges by the surrounding city streets. Open plains of carefully manicured lawns stretched out in undulating hills flooded by the warming touch of the afternoon sunlight. A family of four sat on a checkered blanket pulling sandwiches and cut vegetables from a carefully packed beach bag. A group of thirty-somethings ran along the asphalt paths pushing strollers and idly chatting about mortgages and summer vacations. A gaggle of college students lay under trees surrounded by books and notes while they horsed around. A couple sat together at the base of a tree, lip-locked and oblivious to the world around them.
Dean could feel the emotions he normally kept in tight lockdown try to surface and he stood up quickly from the table.  “I gotta go.”
“Excuse me, sir, if you could take a seat…”  Crowley’s English accent drifted to him from off to the left and he looked up just in time to see the bleached blonde man in the torn jeans and open jean vest turn and pounce on him.  Nick, the closest attendant, rushed to Crowley’s aid, struggling to get the man to release his hold.  Castiel reached around the counter for a syringe of sedative from the nearby crash cart. Without hesitating he pulled the man’s belt down revealing an alabaster pale butt cheek as Crowley made half-strangled noises.  Jab. Push. And the man turned to jelly in Nick’s arms.
Castiel watched as the man straightened and took a step back from the bed.  He nodded, his face and posture a picture of distress.  He turned and pushed through the gathered crowd.  When Castiel turned back to his family, he registered only joy and relief as Jody checked his vitals and the equipment.  He could see now that Meg and Lisa were also there, familiar faces in the crowd.  Everyone was smiling at him.  Except Rowena, who was gazing off in the direction the stranger had gone, thoughtful and cheerless.
“Oh God, not again!” Dean said, grabbing the pillow and jamming it on his head to block out the hallucination.
“Later, what?” asked Charlie, turning to look at him more directly now that the mad speeding was getting more reasonable.
“Pretty sure that apartment was vacant,” she informed them.  “But you’re more than welcome to drop in any time.  I make a mean roadhouse chili.”
Three night sleeping on Gabriel’s pull-out couch in his office was enough for him to insist on going back to his own home.  After all, the tenant they had sublet it to had moved out, so there was no reason to not go back.  As he looked around, expectancy dwindled into disappointment, though he couldn’t quite figure out why he felt that way.  He looked around the silent living room with a frown on his face as his eyes landed on each of the familiar pieces of furniture.
“Yes!  That’s it!  That’s my name!”
Dean was glad to close the door on that nightmare.
“I… um… Oh!” was all he could manage as Dean kissed his way ever lower, following the shape of his ribs and down his flat stomach along the line of dark hair that started just below his belly button.  Dean had reached the edge of Castiel’s pants, his exploration stopped by the clothing.  He pulled his mouth away from his stomach as he let his gaze drift down to the bulge before him.  Dean brought his hands to the thin belt around Castiel’s hips and quickly undid the buckle, pulling the leather out and back.  Castiel drew his torso up, leaning back on his elbows as Dean’s fingers undid his pants’ button and then pulled down on the zipper’s tab.  As he pulled away the fabric, he glanced up at Castiel’s face, checking if he was going too fast.  The man’s cheeks were flushed a deep red in the candlelight and Dean gave him an encouraging smile as he pulled the pants down.  Castiel lifted his hips so Dean could rid him of the constricting trousers.  He pulled them down his long legs as he crawled back off the end of the bed.  He hooked his fingers around the edge of his socks and quickly pulled them off too, leaving Castiel on display: leaning back on his elbows, one leg bent at the knee, the other straight out and between them, his erection tenting his white boxers.
“Wait,” Dean said, “Can you see him too, now?”
Gabriel’s face came back into focus; he looked halfway between smiling and crying as he looked down at him.  Castiel’s confusion grew; Gabriel didn’t cry.  He focused on Jody who was also looking weepy as she smiled at him widely.  Had someone died?  Beyond Jody he could recognize the blue walls of his ward in St-Matthews, but why was he lying down on the job?  Why are there so many people standing around staring at him?
“Air is escaping out of his lungs and into his chest.  It’s creating pressure around the organs.”
With a mischievous grin, hidden by the press of their lips, Dean ran his hands down Castiel’s naked back and smoothed down over his firm ass still covered by his trousers.  He gave it a quick squeeze before pulling up, giving himself a push with his legs and lifting Castiel up off the ground.  The man gasped in surprise as Dean guided his legs to wrap around his waist.
Dean turned to glare at him again, “Nine tops.”
“—stiel,” the voice was suddenly clear as a bell and he recognized his brother.
“You need help, Dean,” Castiel tried to say again, but he turned to him and shushed him before he could get any further.
“How do you know this?” Dean asked as the point of the small knife started pressing into the puffed-out skin.
“Dr. Shurley, gun shot victim in trauma one.”
Dean moved up to stand beside his body lying in the hospital bed, sheets covering him up to his waist.  He had wires running out from under the blue hospital gown connected to the nearby heartrate monitor, an IV drip plugged to his left arm and an intubation tube forcing his lungs to keep breathing.  Castiel moved up to the monitor set up on the other side from where Dean stood looking down at his body.  He read the numbers displayed with a frown.
“Alastair, darling.  Who is it?” suddenly called out a woman’s voice coming from inside the house and who could only be the man’s aforementioned wife.
“Jesus, Dean!  I think they’ll understand if you’re a few minutes late.  No one is ever on time. It’s San Francisco!”
Sam’s eyes went round like saucers for a moment, “You’re talking about a full spectral manifestation,” he whispered in awe.
“Son of a bitch!” Dean choked out and it felt like the other voice bounced around inside Castiel and was forced out his own mouth.
“Let’s see.  The top floor?”
What was that light in the distance?
“It’s all good,” Lydia said as Castiel turned around and disappeared through the door that led to the roof.  “You can call me Cass if you want.  I like role playing.”
The phone on Crowley’s desk started to ring, and Crowley glanced at it.  “Hold on.  God’s calling.” He put his cellphone down and picked up the desk phone.  “Hello.”  He paused, listening to whatever Dr. Shurley was telling him.  “And you want
He finally landed in front of a large shelving unit topped with the simple section name: “Ghosts.”  With a deep breath and a huff, he set about scanning the books in front of him for anything that could help him out.  Brightly coloured plastic books and ancient looking leather spines were mingled together as he read the titles turning his head this way and that:
“I’ll see you Saturday.”
“Oh my God, this place is straight out of Dr. Sexy M.D.” Dean said, his voice coming from somewhere behind Castiel.  He turned around and found Dean flicking his eyes away quickly.  Had he been staring at him?  “So,” Dean pushed on, looking around, “This place look familiar?”
“What’s with the chicken scratches on the box?”
“Hold it!” called out the guard as he realized what he was doing.  Charlie let go of the railing and with a cry of “For the glory of Moondoor!” she rushed the guard and threw herself at the man in a rugby tackle worthy of the toughest flanker.  Caught by surprise, the guard hardly even blocked the attack, and they both went flying sideways into the elevator just as the doors closed, stopping the guard from coming back out right away.
Dean’s lips pulled into a side grin as he nodded.  “Yeah it does.  Know what I’m saying?”  Dean pumped his eyebrows leaving no room for doubt in Castiel's mind about what he was thinking.
He stepped aside and gestured for her to come in.  Dean accepted the still warm pie and led her to the kitchen so he could cut them a couple wedges.  Lydia took her piece and a proffered fork and leaned her hip against the island counter.
“Uh.  Right.  Thanks Donna.”
“What’s wrong?” Castiel asked, his hand stroking his hair.
Castiel didn’t respond and the silence stretched and grew, wrapping them in loneliness.  He went over the argument they had had before, trying to figure out how he could make things better.  He realized that he really didn’t know much of anything about the man who lived in his apartment.  “Who was he talking about? With the cards…?” he asked with a frown, not expecting him to answer, but needing to chase away the uncomfortable silence.
“Good God, do you know all the girls in the bar?”
“That’s the picture from my nightstand.  Gabriel must have brought it.”
A breeze picked up and the smell of the flowers drifted over him.  He was filled with a strange nostalgia as a particularly delicate perfume pulled at memories buried so deeply that he couldn’t quite reach them.  It filled him with a sense of peace mixed with an odd yearning he wouldn’t quite place.
Gabriel walked up and slapped Castiel in the back affectionately.  “You sure you’re going to be all right here by yourself?”
Several days passed in much the same way they had for a while, but was made easier since getting the apartment: Get up around noon, crack a beer, settle in front of the television, order delivery (thai, pizza, sub, burgers, whatever), watch more television, drink more beer, shower to get the stench of his own uselessness off, more TV, more beer, eventually pass out sometimes on the bed, repeat.  The whole lather, rinse, repeat nature of it was dragging him further into himself and away from the outside world, but he was powerless to stop it.
“But daddy!  He’s Unca Castel’s frien’.  He has to stay fo’ tea,” explained the dark-haired fairy reasonably, making her father throw his hands in the air and roll his eyes.
“Sh!”
“Dean, it’s okay,” Castiel said, his voice soft and resigned as he fixed his brother sadly.
of the turning handle coming from the room’s door made everyone freeze.
“What?  O.M.G. Dean, that’s great!”
“That’s awesome,” he said with a smile, as cupid pulled his hand away and the image faded from his sight but remained in his memories.
“It’s an estate.  The guy’s in Hawaii this time of year.”
Dean let his head fall back against the sofa cushions. Castiel’s voice became an incessant drone.  How much crap did the guy know about bees?  He tried everything to drown him out, from ignoring him and focusing on the television, to increasing the volume.  He even threw a pillow at him, but that proved to be as effective as the punch.  Castiel continued to talk, and that deep scratch of his penetrated even the thickest wall of sound, creating this backdrop of noise like white static that was boring into Dean’s brain like a drill.
“This is where that guy, Sam, works.”
As he moved towards the kitchen, he was vaguely aware that outside the sun was setting and the city lights were flickering on.  He reached out and felt the wall for the kitchen light switch, wincing at the glaring, over-bright light over the island counter.  He opened the fridge and pulled out one of the three remaining cans on the otherwise bare shelf.  He contemplated calling the beer runner again but dismissed it along with the other things he would do later.
“Huh”
“Well, at least he doesn’t think I’m looney with a side of crazy,” he said, holding the door open for him.
“I’m a special consultant from PAC medical,” Dean told him calmly, folding his hands in front of him while he continued to feed Crowley the lies Castiel spun.  He barely knew what he was saying, the words flowing automatically from his mouth as though he were nothing more than a conduit for Castiel’s words.  When they finally stopped and Crowley just stood there staring at him, he wondered if anything he had said had made sense.
Castiel pondered this for a moment but couldn’t come up with anything himself.  What in the world could comfort someone who thought they were dead and who was now a disembodied spirit roaming the Earth unseen and unheard?  “I still don’t know anything about who I am, or was, or…  If I could just remember.  Maybe it would explain… all of this.”  He paused looking up at the dark sky in thought.  “But I can’t do it alone.”
The man who answered the door was shorter and slimmer than Castiel, with longish sable hair and olivine eyes, and as serious as Castiel’s face seemed to be, his brother’s looked like it was constantly plotting some sort of mischief.
Nothing happened, but that continued presence making the back of his neck prickle and he glanced beside him at his steaming cup of coffee.  Remembering his first encounter with the ghost, he picked it up and held it off to the side.
He glanced up at her face but looked away quickly from her calculating look.  “Oh, you know, same old.  Fighting battles, winning hearts, making maidens swoon.  Made a deal with the Yesteryear Weirdoes.  We’re going to team up to stomp the Shadow Orcs.  You’re still coming to the Mid-Year Jubilee, right?”
“Cas, come on!  You can’t give up.”
He did the only thing he could think of, more instinct than plan, as he turned away from the wavering spirit and looked to the flesh and blood man on the gurney.  He leaned down over him, taking his face in his hand as his lips closed onto his, firm and warm.  Dean was locked in that moment, the terrible sound of the flat line screaming in his ears, his own heart still and empty as his angel slipped away from him. He breathed into his mouth, a single tear breaking free from his eyelashes and landing on Castiel’s cheek as he leaned his forehead against his, feeling his time slipping away.
“She said was.” Castiel felt like the ground beneath his insubstantial feet had tilted and dropped away.
“My… relationship?” Dean repeated, sounding unsure.
Dean put the picture back down and Castiel looked again at all the drawings and the flowers.  His family had been watching over him.  It made him happy, but also a little sad.  They had spent three months keeping an empty body company.
“Where did you find these people?”
“Yeah, I remember these alright,”
“You’re overreacting, man.  It’s okay.  You’re okay.  Just keep calm.”
“Oh, that’s not so bad,” Dean said with a dismissive shrug of his shoulders.  “Bring you down to my level.”  He grinned again, confusing Castiel with his shifts in mood.
“My name is Castiel.  And that’s disgusting.”
“You’re going to have to deal with this.”
Inside him.
“One day, I’m gonna need help moving a body, and when that day comes, I don’t want to hear any shit from you.”
“I can’t believe he gave away my pants.  Those were mine!”
“Your wife? What? No, I—”
Dean turned on him, the fever in his eyes that much closer to madness than mischief.  “So what?  They pull your plug and that’s it.  You’re gone.  You think I’ll care where I’ll be?  This way, it’ll buy us some more time to figure this thing out.  All I want is more time Cas.  We can fix this.”
“Cas, no.  This isn’t what I want,” he said, choosing to ignore the woman, who probably already thought he was insane anyways, talking to himself.  “What I want is… I want…” He couldn’t get it out as Castiel nodded at him, giving him a half smile that punched through his gut.
“Feel his chest,” Castiel said completely focused.
Like lightning and thunder.
Dean stood apart from the crowd as the heavens opened and the cold drops came falling to the cement sidewalk, forming cascading rapids along the lip of the street within minutes and soaking him through. People rushed around him to get to covered safety, parting around his still form as he stared at the restaurant in front of him, the distance in his eyes hinting at a focus on a moment long passed, unaware that he was being watched.
“Alright!  That’s enough.  We’re going home.  Mommy’s going to cut up your fingers and use ‘em to summon a minor deity to eat you up.”  Gabriel gathered his girls, who had burst into another fit of giggles at Gabriel’s absurd suggestion, while he mutterer under his breath.  Castiel distinctly heard him say “
Dean nodded while he thought about it, rushing the last few feet to the car and settling himself behind the wheel.  It certainly seemed like an indomitable task, but he just needed to get him to listen to him.  What could possibly get his attention?  Dean turned the car around and sped back down the private road heading back to San Francisco.
“It is?” Dean asked, clutching the pillow to his chest.
“Yeah?  Who asked you, huh?”
“All the pretty ones are gay.  Seriously, Castiel, that guy Dean… It should be a crime to take men like that out of the gene pool.”
Dean’s stomach dropped into his shoes as he remembered Lydia.  He froze on the spot as Castiel frowned and shifted his gaze to the hallway behind Dean.  Slowly, his eyes shifted back to looking at Dean, glancing at his bare chest through his open shirt and the frown turned into surprise and then, Dean could swear he looked disappointed.
Charlie.
“Tell me you told her what you’re doing!  You can’t just involve someone like this without telling them.”
“So why?  For god’s sake, why would you even risk it?”
Dean eased off the gas, pulled the van up to a curb in the pick-up/drop-off zone, and flicked on the hazard lights.  He jumped out of the rented van like it was on fire and made his way into the main entrance followed by Charlie who had to trot to keep up with his long strides.
“You’re going to make an incision in that exact place.  It’s going to relieve the pressure and he’ll be able to breathe again.”  Dean shook his head so quickly it looked like he was trying to clear a ringing in his ears.  “Dean.  This man’s life is at stake.  Put the blade against his skin.”
“Uh, yeah, great,” he managed to say.
“No, Dean.  Come on.  Sit down.  We were talking, this was good.”  Dean didn’t answer as he started to walk back to his apartment a few blocks away uphill.  “Alright!” he could hear her calling after him, “Smell ya later, I guess!”
A dash of frustration and an exploited weakness and suddenly a waiter collapsed into the center of an open space, the tray that had been in his hands causing a clatter that made Castiel and Dean turn around again.
“Aliens didn’t probe my butt if that’s what you’re asking,” Dean answered defensively.
“Um, hi,” Dean said, clearing his throat.
Dean’s heart pounded in his chest once more and he startled right off the couch as he threw down the newspaper.  “That’s it, buddy.  You’re toast.”
“Hey, there you are!”
Castiel followed him back into the apartment, and down the hallway as Dean headed for the bedroom.  He stopped suddenly, his hand pushing the door open.  He glanced back at Castiel with a frown.  “You just going to watch me sleep, again?  ‘Cause that’s creepy, remember?”
Dean was aware that he’d gotten a little carried away and he risked a glance at Castiel, worried about his reaction, but he was just watching him with his eyes wide, not saying a word.  Not another second to spare, Dean met Gabriel’s gaze.  The sadness in his face was heartbreaking and Dean was sure he wouldn’t like what was coming next.
“I’m having a hard time taking you seriously with that crown.” Gabriel cracked a little smile, his anger subsiding. “Look, clearly he meant a lot to you.  Trust me, I get it, Baby Bro… He was special.  He helped a lot of people in his life.”
“You’re welcome.”
“A plan for what?”
“Um, hi.  I’m Dean Winchester.  You don’t know me, but I know your brother, Castiel?”  The man’s eyebrows shot up his forehead.  “I was wondering if we could talk?”
“I want to show you something, but we have to go in the morning.”
“Are you at, like Navi, ‘Hey, listen!’-level voices?  Or has it evolved to straight up Deadpool arguing with his split personalities?”
“I understand your concern, but we’ve taken some extraordinary measures, so far, keeping your brother alive.  Measures that go against Castiel’s wishes.  We have to come to terms with the medical facts: there is no bringing him back.  We have to do the right thing.”
“Damnit, Cas!  I thought we were done with this.”
“I don’t think so,” he said, glaring right at Castiel, making Charlie turn to look behind her to see what Dean was staring at.  He brought the glass back to his lips.
“Sorry.  I know,” he said then he turned back to look at Castiel who couldn’t take his eyes off him.  “Goodbye, Castiel.”
Or was it right in his face?
Dean put the key down on the little semi-circular table by the door and walked out, throwing the duffle over his shoulder as he let the door close behind him.  He left the place behind as the traces of his own presence faded from between its walls.
“You’re cleaning up all this water,” Castiel stated, then he walked off towards the kitchen and Dean dropped his arms in complete exasperation as the priest continued to splatter blindly at nothing.
“Are you done laughing at me?” Castiel asked, feeling his patience pushed to the brink again by Dean’s mocking.
When Castiel opened his eyes again, Dean had that mischievous grin in place, and he twitched his eyebrows once before moving around Castiel and grabbing his boots from the closet.  “Dean,” he said, but the man just stuck his feet into his boots and headed straight out of the apartment.
“Nope,” Gabriel said, flat out, “Sorry, bucko.  Not buying it.”
“I was with her, when she died.  All I remember is the blood.  And she was so scared.”  His voice broke and he stopped, re-centering himself.  “She was scared, so I held her tight.  I kissed her forehead and told her everything…” his voice cracked again but he kept going, his words shaky, “everything would be alright.”  He paused again, trying to take a deep breath.  “And she was just gone.  I couldn’t save her.”
“Just do it!” Castiel ordered him.
The green eyes looked at him again, the skin crinkling slightly at the corners, and Castiel couldn’t understand what Dean wanted from him.  He frowned, trying to understand what the other man was thinking.  “You’ll just spend it on more booze,” he settled on saying.
Dean turned to look at the bedside dresser, confused, “That was empty when I got here,” he said, feeling his confidence return like he had just broken through hypnosis.
“Ha ha,” Dean said, without humour, “Come on, man.  I kicked her out.”
“First, I’m gonna need to know your relationship with him.”
“The hospital is?” Dean asked, feeling a slight panic rise in him.  “They can’t do that!”
“He can’t even see me,” pointed out Castiel.
“Seriously, Charlie?  Don’t flip him off.”
Castiel could almost feel the waves of sadness swelling out of him and permeating the evening air, making it heavy with his loss.  For himself, he could feel his remorse begging to be acknowledged by the one he had hurt with his insensitivity.  At a loss, Castiel turned back to look at the distant hills far behind them.  “I got this place for the roof.  I was going to turn it into a garden… or something.”  Castiel let the words drift away as he searched his muddled mind for some clue.  It was becoming more and more evident that he could not remember much of anything about who he was before the man had so suddenly appeared in the apartment.
“Yeah, you’re welcome.  Idjit,” the man behind the counter mumbled back at him.
A weariness took him over as he took off his jacket and hung it in the hallway closet out of sight with his kicked-off boots.  He walked into the kitchen, rubbing at the back of his head, trying to brush away the look in Castiel’s larger than possible, bluer-than-blue eyes as they had said their goodbyes.  The bag of potato chips was waiting for him in the fruit basket where he had left it when his latest grocery/junk food delivery had arrived the day before.  He realized suddenly as he was about to tear open the bag, that he really didn’t feel like having chips.  With a frown, he tossed them back into the metal mesh fruit basket and turned towards the fridge.
Sam dropped the card face-up on the desk and Castiel and Dean leaned in to look at it more closely.  The card had two flames on it, one blue and one green and they were entwined in a way that evoked something very erotic.  He was lost in contemplating the dancing flames: they almost looked like they were moving together the more he watched.  And then he remembered how that deck of cards worked and what it had just revealed about his desires and he straightened up quickly, feeling like a teenager being called out in high school for having a crush.
“Uh, no,” Sam said, rubbing the back of his head, “but I saw you coming.”  He pointed to the instruments on the table beside Castiel.  He turned at the same time as Dean and realized that every precious stone hanging from a pendulum was pointing right at him.
Eventually, Dean managed to round up the frazzled gaggle of birdbrained twits and shepherded them out the door, which he was overjoyed to close in the cameraman’s face.  The resulting crunch of shattering electronics and accompanying curse words filled him with intense satisfaction.
Castiel felt an overwhelming sadness realizing that the things he yearned for could never be his, not now.  What good did a restaurant do for someone without a body?  What good would come of him falling for a man who could not love him back?  “
His hands flew to his jean button, in a hurry suddenly to feel Castiel’s skin against his, curious and excited to find out if he would feel that all over tingle in his veins – if his blood would sing, swaddled in Castiel’s embrace.  He pushed down his jeans quickly, stepping out of them, aware of his own member pushing his black boxer briefs out obscenely.  He noticed Cas shyly checking out his body, his big blue eyes taking stock of him in quick glances that barely rested on any one body part before fluttering away to look at another and he flexed, unable to not show off.
“Is everything about sex with you?”
Holding hands, they begin walking away slowly back to the car, smiling at imaginary jokes and names long forgotten.
“Good, good,” John murmurs, taking a sip of his bottle. “If you could tell him to stop glaring at me like he wanted to stab me, it would be great too.”
“Do you need something?”
After debating it with himself, the youngest Winchester talks again.
“I love you,” he murmurs when Castiel lies above his chest half hugging him, face hidden in the other’s neck as their legs entwine lazily.
The human watches in awe when Castiel raises his hand to make a little movement directed to the light switch, turning it off.
“Can you turn off the lights?” he requires, hoping it’ll erase the tension of the air.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel says suddenly and Dean stops moving, turning to face him.
“Whatever,” Dean sighs. Then he hugs both his parents before walking towards the impala, chest feeling light and pleased.
Music suddenly stops. It’s here, Dean figures out, so he parks the impala at the side of the road and sits there in quiet obscurity, appreciating his hands holding onto the steering wheel as if his life depended on it
Castiel smiles widely, feeling warm.
The ring bells and it doesn’t take long to hear a soft laugh approaching, door being opened by a radiant Mary Winchester.
Before Dean can reply, Castiel pushes him inside not without smiling to Mary, then following her through the corridor until she gets lost in the living room, where chatting and laughing can be heard. Dean is about to get in when the angel tightens his hold, stopping him.
“If it isn’t Dean Winchester!” Ash is the first one to spot them, jumping from his place to approach them. “I was wondering how much would it take for you to show up, bitch.”
The angel holds the other’s left hand between his, analyzing it.
But still…
Castiel nods, appreciating glassy green in the human’s eyes and placing a hand on his check, wiping the tears away without any hurry, gently touch drawing the soft skin under the eyelids as he tries to connect invisible bridges between the prominent and almost indiscernible freckles. Dean’s fingers search for Castiel’s black strands to play lazily with them, letting his forehead lean onto the other’s. Castiel grip on his back tightens even more, glance never breaking.
The angel’s tongue peeps out of his lips, blue eyes unsure and bright. Dean thinks Cas looks particularly handsome tonight, body floating on his clothes and dark hair laying messily above his forehead.
“I’m not… used to this.”
“You’re welcome,” he mutters, moving an empty chair so his human can sit next to Karen –who kisses sweetly his temple– and across his mother, with him at side.
Thankfully, Dean seemed to be in better control of himself as he continued to dig for information.  Their words reached Castiel as though they were coming from the end of a very long tunnel and everything around him faded and flickered.
“You are going to pick this up, and then you are going to leave.  Am I clear?”
“Wait… books, ess?  As in more than one?”
Castiel’s eyes fixed on Dean’s and he could see the passion in their intensity, like the flames of the candles were somehow glowing from inside him and he found himself struggling to breathe.  Cas’s bare arms wrapped themselves around Dean’s head as he threw himself against him in another kiss, it was all Dean could do to get his arms around him to stop him from bouncing off his chest.
“You shut up!” Dean pointed his finger at Castiel before turning back to Sam, “What do you mean move?  He’s the one who should go.”
He sat himself on the edge of the bed and Dean scrambled his feet away, trying to stay away from the man his mind had conjured up.  He fixed Dean with an unwavering stare that he felt would eat away his very soul.  What demon had he conjured for himself? “Has your alcohol consumption increased recently?”
That single note held forever and constant. Neither growing louder, nor fainter. Just… there… always. Forever.
He caught up to them as they reached his bedside each pulling on his hands and fighting about who had won the race.  Castiel watched them with a half-smile on his face.  As they argued, he glanced down at his hands.  Just a little while before, Dean had held his hand and he had felt it, and yet, with Alex and Claire yanking on him, he could feel nothing.
“Well, that was something!” he said, with a pensive nod.  He gathered the cards and put them back in their protective case.  “Just so you know, these things really give me the creeps.”
Gabriel frowned, “Are you saying you want to unplug my baby brother?”
“This woman looks very familiar.”
“Also, not a lady,” Castiel said, narrowing his eyes, the momentary glimmer of hope instantly snuffed out, while Dean laughed quietly.  Clearly, they had not been friends.  “Let’s just go.”
Dean scrambled one handed to remove the pouring tip from the bottle.  Before Castiel could tell him what to do with it, the bottle was on Dean’s mouth and he was taking a long swallow of the clear liquid.  “Dean, stop it.  We’re not done here.”  Dean put the bottle down, his face puckered like he’d eaten a lemon.  “Put the pourer in the incision you just made.”
“Alright,” said Castiel, feeling a small pang inside.
“Dean,” Charlie whispered angrily as she grabbed his arm and turned him around to face her.  “If you don’t tell me what the hell is going on right now, I am walking out.”
Dean scratched at his head with a grimace before answering. “I took it from the hospital.”  He smiled again as he looked at the photograph of Castiel pulling that silly face, Gabriel’s arm around his shoulders.  “Of course, that was before I found out how much of a dick your brother is.”
Castiel turned towards her with a frown.
“It would’ve been awful if he’d gone his whole life not knowing what it’s all about.”
Dean mumbled a curse under his breath, holding back a hurtful comment about Castiel not trying hard enough.  He was stressed, he had to calm down and focus.  He noticed Castiel’s hand resting on the seat between them and Dean reached down and laid his on top of it… or through it more likely, but he wasn’t in the mood to worry about that.
“It sounds like a wheezing ninety-year-old chain smoker,” Castiel said, flatly.
“That’s not my name.”
and he stepped off at 16
“It’s no use,” he said, sitting up again.  “There’s just nothing connecting me to this body anymore.”  He stood up beside the bed once more, feeling the sadness and despair start to well up inside him.  “It’s a cruel twist of fate that brought us so close just to dash all our hopes like an impetuous child.”
Charlie looked surprised for a moment, but then quickly narrowed her eyes.  Castiel called out “Scissors,” and Dean repeated it again, feeling smug.  Charlie turned to look behind her again, but quickly came back.  “Paper,” said Castiel.  That was quickly followed by scissors again and then rock.  Each time Dean told Charlie and every time he did, she looked that much more agitated and freaked out.
From inside the room, Castiel heard giggling and Gabriel’s attention shifted to what was happening inside.  “What are you two demons doing?  Stop messing with the bed!”
Castiel tried to steady his thoughts.  Part of him desperately wanted to run away, but… “Of course not.  We need answers, and she’s the best person to give them to us.”
Dean slouched on the couch, his bare feet up on the makeshift table, legs wrapped in dark grey lounge pants, a simple black t-shirt finishing up the ensemble.  His stubble was growing out, his hair was unkempt, and his eyes were bloodshot – striking a balance somewhere between homeless-chic and lazy slob.
The man took a step back, raising his hands in apology.  Dean relaxed a little, deciding it would not help him at all to send the guy packing, and he really needed help if he wanted to go back to not worrying that some ghost dude was gonna pop up when he’s in the middle of taking a dump.
The glint of a moving silver chain attached to a slowly spinning deep blue sodalite stone caught his eye and he approached the pendulum in the window display. As he drew up to the window, movement outside caught his eye and he glanced up at a man feeding coins into a parking meter.  He seemed vaguely familiar to Sam. He looked down at the pendulum again as the chain was pulled taught by the semi-precious stone that was pointing right at the man outside.
With a roll of her eyes she turned away to leave the break room, returning to the hustling, bustling hubbub of the hospital.  Castiel stood up and turned to the life-giving fountain of youth, staple of the break room, pushing the dark roast option.  He fixated on the sputtering stream of coffee as it poured into the cup.  He breathed, thankful for the extra minute the slow machine was allowing him before he got back to work.  The door to the break room opened again and he looked up to see Jody walk in dressed in a white lab coat over her brown slacks and light tan shirt.  Jody had been his mentor from day one working at St Matthews, she was always in his corner, cheering on his progress through his residency.
your apartment.”
“Dean.”
“Um, gross.  I’m kind of afraid to ask now, but do you remember anything more about him?  Maybe his name?”
“Hell yeah!  Who is she?  Do I know her?  Is she hot?”
The next day dawned grey and foggy but by the time Dean woke from his drunken stupor it was well past noon and though the sun had not managed to pierce through the cloud cover, the fog had dissipated.  Castiel sat silently, perched on the edge of the bed waiting for Dean to regain some form of coherent consciousness.  He stared quietly out the window for lack of anything else that he could do, and he tried to think of the different places where they might go to get information about him.  To his frustration though, his mind felt slow and sluggish and would not give him any insights and so he sat, and he watched, and he waited.
“I hate this,” Jody said, suddenly, drawing Castiel’s attention. “He finally gets a life, and then…”
“A-huh.  And are you getting any?”
The coffee fizzled and glurgged its last drop into the cheap paper cup and Castiel picked it up, turning to head out the door and back into action.  “That’s not going to get me that attending position.”
“Donna, hi.”
Shrill, childish laughter echoed down the hall and Castiel turned his head just in time to see a streak of messy blonde curls followed by a stream of black hair run across the end of the hallway.  “Claire?  Alex?” Castiel found himself calling out as he rushed down the hallway after his nieces.
Castiel felt himself flutter, Dean’s excitement catching even if he didn’t share his optimism.  “What are you going to do?”
“You were rather pathetic.”
With a huff, Castiel shook off the melancholy of his self-pity and he grew unshakably certain that Dean would help him, even if he had to force him to do it.
“Hey,” a voice said from his left, making him startle.  A sort of knee jerk reflex made him try to shield the book in his hands from the tall stranger now standing beside him.  Dean wasn’t used to being towered over, at six-foot-one, he was considered tall in most gatherings, but this guy made him feel like a shrimp.  “Brick Holmes huh?” the man went on nodding to the book in Dean’s hands.  He was somewhat relieved to realize that the giant was in fact the clerk he had spied coming in, and not some random San Franciscan.  Besides, this guy looked like he wouldn’t laugh at him, maybe.
Dean was staring at him, he could feel it, and he found that he could not meet his gaze, looking everywhere but at him.  It was only when he started talking, addressing Sam directly, that Castiel chanced a glance.
All Dean wanted was to make Cas moan just like that over and over, to shower him in kisses and make him feel all hot and fuzzy as the ecstasy rolled through him.  Dean began kissing his way down Cas’s chest and stomach again until he reached the edge of the boxers.  He curled his fingers under the elastic, getting ready to remove the last of Castiel’s clothes.  A startled gasp from Castiel made him pause and look up.  From his spot at Castiel’s waist, he could just see the man’s nervous swallow as he looked straight up  Dean whispered his name, waiting for him to look down at him again so he could see those big blue eyes, and Castiel would see his earnestness.
Dean went back to blocking her out, it wasn’t like she was saying anything particularly important.  The city was stretched out before him, the glory of the Golden Gate bridge, finally free of the morning fog, the parks speckling the city in green, just beyond the parapet of the bare roof.  It would be the perfect spot for any artist, writer, or zen seeker to recharge their battery, that view had the power to heal.  But Dean watered a dead plant, abandoned to the baking sun.  Then he turned around and went back inside.
“I’m at work, but I’ll be there.  Promise.”
“Who did I see at the bar?  The person we’re picking up?” Charlie asked.
“That man in there cheats on his wife.  I don’t need any bigoted slurs from the likes of you, Dean Winchester.”
“Alright, so we need proof.”
“Doesn’t change the fact that when he’s done with his call, he’s coming in here.”
“Why’s that?” Dean asked automatically, as he went around the open bookcase acting as a separator between areas of the open space main room that looked like it spanned nearly the whole front of the building.  He walked through an entryway and back out into the hallway that ran parallel to it.
“Okay, Dean.  Here’s what we’re going to do.  We’re going to take a walk upstairs.  There are people there who can help you.”
“I’m sensing a no, here,” Donna said, her ever present smile wavering for just a moment, “Okay, then.”
“Okay, uh… Let’s try this.  Do you notice anything strange lately?”
Gabriel swung the blade again, slashing just in front of him and yelling his outrage.  Dean scrambled to his feet and ran out of the house, pelted by plastic ponies and Barbie dolls until he was out and jumping down the front stairs in threes.
“This isn’t working, Dean,” Castiel said with a slump of his tan covered shoulders.
The man disappeared inside, closing the door in Dean’s face.  Castiel’s mind was racing.  What could any of this mean?  Dean turned around, and as soon as his eyes landed on Castiel, he started to laugh.
“Oh, it’s not.  It’s really not…  I was just thinking that it’s a good thing the apartment has a great view, ‘cause the neighbours suck.”
As he turned back towards the door, Dean mumbled under his breath, “Come on, let’s go.”
“I’m not dead,” Castiel threatened with another spat of fritzing lights.
With a sigh and a raise of his eyebrows, Sam opened the book again. “According to the lore—”
“I’m great,” he answered her with a tense smile.
Gabriel and Claire caught up to the group and together they continued on their way, leaving behind the bench to wait for someone else to fill the empty seat.
He reached for one of the beer bottles on the top shelf, needing to ease the ache in his heart, the hole left behind by… Jo.  He shook his head, the words and names he had associated with that empty hollow feeling in his chest where his heart used to be just somehow feeling wrong; where before they had been the alpha and omega of his emotions and actions, now they barely nudged him for attention.
It was clear to Dean that Castiel understood the situation perfectly from the way his eyes widened before his lips pursed into a thin line.  “How are you going to do that?  Why would he listen to a complete stranger?”
Dean stopped and glared at her, “Not really there, Charlie.”
“Not all bees live in colonies…”
Castiel looked at the excitement in Dean’s face and felt hopeful.  Dean’s enthusiasm was contagious, and it gave Castiel the courage to try.  “Alright,” he said, looking down at himself, determined to make it work.
“Oh, it’s tragic really.  Turns out the previous tenant you were askin’ me about?  Coma, ufta!  Family finally decided to pull the plug.  Anyhoo!  They’re gonna give you a nice long lease.  Great, huh?”
“Actually, in many places the ocean is too deep for light to reach, so it is in fact completely devoid of colour…  including blue,” he informed her with a smile barely pulling at his lips as the eighty-six-year-old woman frowned in confusion.
“How do you want it, Cas?”  Dean asked him, losing himself in exploring his body with his mouth and his hands, first smoothing his palms along the shape of his shoulders, his arms, his chest.  He flicked at his nipples with the tip of his tongue, pleased by the shiver that went through Castiel’s body.
“No, not particularly.  He never really stuck around to chat.  He’d be in here maybe once a week, always dropping off suits.  Expensive.  Odd stains.”
“What does it mat…” Cas’s speech was cut off as Dean suddenly turned and toppled them both onto the bed, Dean landing right where he wanted between Castiel’s legs, and crushing the rose petals under their bodies, releasing their sweet perfume.
“Open his shirt, Dean.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean said, slowly standing up from the couch.  “Let’s start over.  I’m Dean Winchester.”
The sky was a rare robin’s egg blue as the engine of the black Impala rumbled and purred making its way across Golden Gate Bridge and into Marin County’s rolling hills.  Breathtaking shots of the San Francisco Bay appeared between the long stretches of deciduous and evergreen trees as the pavement of the 101 scrolled under the wheels at fifty-five miles per hour.  The air blew into the car through the open driver’s window and swirled around the leather interior whipping Dean’s hair and shirt as he tapped his good mood on the steering wheel to the beat of Lynyrd Skynyrd’s
“Move out?  That can’t be the solution.  Help me out, here.”  Sam looked at him, his expression unreadable.  “Can’t you… Can’t you talk to him?  Tell him to… pass on or something?”
“The smallest species of bee is the stingless bee – the workers measure less than two millimetres long.”
“Stains?” Dean asked, looking like he’d rather not know.
“Oh, grow up, Dean.  You betcha people would kill their grandmothers for a lot less around here, I tell ya.”
“Home Sweet Home, Donna Hanscum speaking.”
“I didn’t mean it that way.  Dean,” Castiel pleaded, feeling more awkward than ever, alienating the one person helping him.  He followed Dean across the street and was suddenly struck by that feeling of familiarity.  He frowned as he looked around and his eyes landed on the glassed restaurant front with the sheer white drapes.  “Dean!”
Trying not to feel like a thousand eyes were on him, he pulled open the door and walked in.  The space, that should have been large and open, was cramped and cluttered, broken up by large, custom-made wooden bookshelves that lined all the walls and formed aisles at odd angles.  An area opened up in the middle of the main room with spindly-legged tables overflowing with gimmicks and gadgets to communicate with and conjure spirits, tap energy, and other such woo woo stuff.  He nearly failed to see the clerk reading a thick volume while sitting behind a desk by the front window and camouflaged by piles of books.  Dean gave him a cursory glance, just long enough to register the collar length brown hair and wide shoulders, before turning away, hoping he himself had gone unnoticed.  He turned to the shelves, scanning the various section names as he walked through the store looking for something that would help him with his situation while avoiding looking at the other patrons and supposed occult enthusiasts.
“What is that?” Dean asked.
“Try again.  Really focus on it.”
“Castiel, I’ve told you before, you can just call me Chuck.”  Castiel could not see himself calling the man who ran the hospital by something so informal as… “Chuck”, so he just nodded.  “I just wanted to let you know that I’ve made my decision.  I was going to wait until tomorrow to make the announcement, but there’s no time like the present, right?”
“Oh, hiyah there, Dean.”
“Come on, Dean,” he chided himself as he walked out into the hallway, clutching his shirt in his hands, “Get your head in the game.  She’s right there, willing… beyond willing,” he added with a shake of his head, “You gotta get in there and just…” Dean rocked his hips rolling from his heel onto his toes and swinging his arms towards the end of the hallway.  Oh, who was he kidding?  He took a step forward and—
He had never liked nicknames, so why would
“I… I have no idea,” he turned to look at Dean who’s face went from anger, to surprise and then quickly reverted back to his more usual indifference.  Castiel frowned.  “Why are you the only one who can see me?”
Without looking back, he handed her the pink paper and set off across the street towards the Victorian style building painted light pink with green trim.  It had rounded bow windows at each end plus two more three-panel bay windows in the center of the façade.  Established creeping ivy was making its way up the front in many places.
“No, Castiel!  Stay with me!”
“This particular book happens to have an address written in it.”  Dean turned the matchbook around so Castiel could see inside the flap.  Castiel leaned in closer.  “Does that look like a five or a six to you?” Dean asked him.
“I like the couch,” Dean found himself saying detachedly.
Dean let the hot water pour over him and down the length of his body draining away with it the strain from the past couple of days.  Though he had felt the momentary zeal of excitement from working at solving a mystery, he had quickly gone back to feeling the weariness and strain of the last few years weigh him down once more.  He had turned to drink again and his brain cells, so fired up and ready a moment before, had gone back to being fuzzy and dulled.
Dean? The name held no meaning for him as he cast about his jumbled memories for something to connect the man to.  He turned to look at him again.  The man’s joy had disappeared from his face and had been replaced by a very familiar expression he had seen often on patients and families: pain.
Dean grew uncomfortable, “Um… maybe a little.”
Dean revved the engine as the light turned green, “V8, baby.  400 pounds of torque.  Just listen to her purr,” he said smiling like a proud father.
Just as the doors began to close, Ash jammed his hand between them and forced them to bounce back.  “Dr. Masterson, I’m really sorry, but can you maybe check out this guy I’ve got in curtain six?  Bowel obstruction, I think.”
“Damnit!” Dean exclaimed, startling Castiel out of his momentary self-pity.  “We’ll try something else.  Jody!  We’ll go see your friend Jody again.  We can make her understand!”
“Holy Hell,” Dean muttered as Castiel glanced down at himself.
Castiel cast about for something to say.  “Your doors need to be oiled.”
With a devilish smile and a wild gleam in his eye, Dean walked out of the room.  Castiel thought about blocking his path and suddenly he was standing in the middle of the hallway facing him.  Dean looked behind himself as he slowed down.  “Hey! You’re getting really good at that.”
Silence grew between them like a gulf separating him from Dean as he gazed off into faraway worlds leaving Castiel with his loneliness.  He could remember now so much of his life and what he had felt and what had driven him to escape the suffocation he felt whenever he left the hustle and bustle of the hospital; what had made it a necessity to keep moving and keep working.  He had told himself back then that the job was everything: nothing is more important than saving lives, but really, he had been hiding from this.
Dean slipped his arms under Castiel’s coat and suit jacket, seeking out the warmth of the man’s body to hold tight as he parted his lips, giving his tongue access to lick and explore.  Dean let him set the pace, as he always did, letting Castiel do what he was comfortable doing, without rushing him, but finding it hard to ignore the effect these new wet kisses were having on his body.
“Get out of here before I carve my initials in your crazy, lying hide!”
“It makes you look a little ridiculous.”
Dean started laughing and Castiel frowned. “I fail to see what’s funny about this.”
“The… couch?  Dean… Um… Okay then.  He likes the couch.”
Dean looked at the colourful flowers and the carefully designed pattern of the spiral and he could feel that joy he had felt, standing in that exact spot a lifetime ago, before any of it was there and seeing it in his mind, as clearly as he could see it now and as clearly as he could see Castiel.  “Yeah, I did.”
Dean’s stomach did a funny little flip as Castiel’s blue eyes bore down into him.  He wanted nothing more than to help him, to comfort him.  He wanted to fix this, and they would fix it.  “Castiel—”
“No, wait!” Dean said, standing up to intervene.  He did not want to end up being on the wrong side of a rental scam headline.  So much of all this was unclear, throwing in the police would just complicate—
“How did you get in here?”
“Fine!  I was wasted, alright?  That doesn’t explain why the hell my mind would conjure up some asshole in a trench coat, chewing me out for messing up his apartment!”  Dean saw Charlie mouth the words “Trench coat” as she scribbled in her notebook.  “Stop that, don’t write this down.  This isn’t some session.”
“Oh, right!  There’s no lease.  It’s just a month-to-month sublet.  But wouldja look at how gorgeous it is?”
“It is seven.”
Castiel frowned; Dean’s eyes were boring into his so intently.  “I don’t know.  But it won’t matter soon anyways.  Brain activity is decreasing every day.”
“I’m making a joke, Clarence…  because you never sleep?”
“What if you just… jump back in there?  Or something.”
Castiel pursed his lips, “This isn’t funny, Dean.”
Dean shrugged, “Alright then, get your butt over here.” He rolled onto his side and patted the mattress beside him.  Castiel lay down on his side facing him.  Barely half a foot of air was all that separated them and yet Castiel did nothing to close the gap.  Dean liked looking at him, enjoyed the shape of him laying beside him, liked the shade of his eyes in the filtered city light coming in through the curtainless bay window, loved the undisciplined strands of his hair sticking up in the front.
“Castiel?  Do you mean Castiel Masterson?”
Following Castiel’s directions, Dean rushed up to the third floor, choosing to avoid the slow elevator and taking the stairs two at a time.  He barely registered Charlie’s huffing complaints.  Castiel’s voice was all he listened to, the words themselves translating directly into actions like they were but one mind.
“You’re welcome,” Castiel answered.
“Oh God!” Gabriel gasped as he dropped the heavy suitcases to the floor.
He let the warmth beat gently onto his tired head and against his tense neck and he tried to relax into the feel of it.  He could feel the hot touch of the pouring water gently soothe his tightened muscles as he allowed himself slowly to relax.  Eventually, the hot water drained from the tank and turned cold, and he reluctantly turned the lever until it stopped pouring from the showerhead.  He instantly felt the cooler air caress his damp skin making him shiver.  Resigned to the fact that he could not hide in the shower forever, he drew back the curtain.
“She seems familiar,” Castiel said, fully aware that Dean would not be able to acknowledge what he said while she was present; although he did momentarily shift his way… or maybe he was just adjusting his stance again.
Thoroughly ignoring her as she hobbled after him on her high heels, he jogged up the few steps in the recessed arched entrance.  Within minutes, the superintendent was opening the door to an apartment on the top floor of the three-floor walk-up.
Castiel pulled the shirt tails from his trousers and let it fall away from his bared torso as he moved into Dean once more, pressing himself against him and pulling him in for an increasingly searing kiss that Dean returned hungrily.  He lay his hands on Cas’ waist, the feel of his skin so soft and warm, his muscles contracting as he turned his body to press even closer.  The bulge in Dean’s jeans was starting to press against the fabric painfully, but he didn’t care.  He would endure all the pain if it meant that he could be like this, with him, forever.
“Make new gardens.  Keep fighting the darkness by making more beauty in the world.  Always keep fighting.  For me.”
“Alright Facers…  This is it, the big time.  Not all of us will make it out alive, but we have a job to do.”
“Dean,” said Castiel faintly, and to Dean’s horror, when he looked up, he could see through him; Castiel was disappearing.  “I think I’m dying,” he said, his voice level.
“Did I do something wrong?” he asked, in his deep scratch, and Dean’s heart nearly melted all over again seeing his dark eyebrows knitted together as his eyes focused on Dean’s chin.
“I don’t give a crap about the lore!” Dean said loudly, slamming the book shut again.  “Tell me how to fix this!”
Dean leaned his elbows down onto the counter and took a first bite of the flaking crust covered red cherry filling and he thought he had died and gone to Heaven.
“I told you; it’s Castiel.”
“And have you been hearing voices? Sounds? Maybe seeing things that aren’t there?”
::ssshhh:: don't tell the others.
“Sorry dude, I can’t shut this down,” she answered gesturing to herself, unabashed.  “You’d think you’d lighten up now that you’re bumping uglies again.”
“I’m here!”
For a moment, Donna actually left him alone.  The silence felt good for all of thirty seconds before the buzzing in his ears grew louder and filled that empty space.  He winced as some of those buzzes began to form into thoughts and memories that he would rather avoid.  Forget beer, maybe they had whiskey in the cupboards.
“Hmm… What’s on the menu?” Dean rumbled low and slow.
“Oh God,” he groaned contentedly against Castiel’s skin and he felt his tentative kiss on his sweat slicked temple.  Dean’s eyes were already closed as he fought the pull towards sleep.  Castiel leaned his head down towards Dean’s face and he turned his head just enough to feel the press of his lips against his in a soft and intimate kiss.
“So… Why is that important?”
“We got him!  He’ll listen to us now.  You’re not getting unplugged!”
