“Night,” Tony heard himself call, still staring down at his own hand.
“You’re from New York?” Steve says without thinking. There’s a moment where Steve blinks, his entire center of gravity shifting the slightest bit, before Tony responds.
“Come on,” Steve says, standing from the couch. “It’s been a couple nights since you slept. Don’t you have that memorized by now?”
“Morning, Thor,” Steve says, and smiles back, though he’s shuffling his feet and generally being sleepy all over the place, radiating—not quite resignation, but the vibe of being just along for the ride on this one.
Tony pulls a face at the counter. FRIDAY isn’t the only one he’s dropped the ball on, apparently. Surprisingly, Tony’s hardly even thought about Barnes over the past month. He and Steve are probably even at a point now where they could talk about the man without someone getting murdered. But didn’t T’Challa say he would bring up the possibility to Steve? But—no, they never quite got to that point. They shelved the conversation, and heaven knows it isn’t T’Challa’s job to track Tony down and figure out a solution. On top of it all, they even saw T’Challa yesterday, but he took off so quickly from the signing that Tony didn’t even get a chance to talk to him alone.
“What do you feel, Tony?” Bruce says, low and quick, like it’s important.
“Uh,” Steve says, “T’Challa’s sister.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Bucky said, straight faced. Tony shared a look with Sam.
Tony nods, texts out the room number, and drops into a plastic chair to wait.
“Does it matter?” Tony says. Sam doesn’t say anything, just waits him out.
“Did you ever think of calling, when it was like that?” Steve asks.
They hadn’t talked about what, specifically, was troubling Howard. That wasn’t how they worked and, thinking back, it was more than likely classified anyway. Nevertheless, the tone of the scene is fond and well worn, a conversation he turns back to in times of confusion and unease. So many of Tony’s childhood memories concerning Howard are bitter, angry, and feature a half-empty tumbler of scotch.
“Gotta look pretty for the conference table?” Tony says, teasing and light. He thinks Sam is often the grounding factor for his friends and teammates, and the favor could be returned more than it is.
“Of course not,” she says. “We are exemplary teammates and Vis has been teaching me how to fly the ‘jet.”
“G’morning,” Tony says when it seems clear to him that nobody else is going to help the Falcon out.
DUM-E chirps again and flicks his claw in an expressive manner.
And then Steve leans up the rest of the way, and Tony’s lips are parted just a little bit, and they’re kissing.
“What was I right about again?”
“Don’t get used to it,” Clint says. “You’re lucky I’m such a nice guy.” He shudders theatrically. “A hospital and everything. I even signed in as a visitor.”
“Fall back!” he yells.
“Hey, Bruce,” he says instead, before the moment can stretch out any longer or either Steve or Vision can work out the implications of that. Tony reaches out and ruffles Bruce’s hair because it’s gotten long enough to be perfect for exactly that. “Hey,” he says again, quietly. Bruce sniffles and the full weight of how much Tony has missed this man settles firmly on his chest. His hand stills on top of Bruce’s head and he lets it sit there, soak in Bruce’s warmth and calm, lets himself feel the crushing pressure of it all for just the briefest moment before shaking it off. “C’mon, Brucie, couch or bed, you really can’t sleep here.”
He doesn’t.
So Tony types and he wants and he tries desperately not to think too much beyond those simple facts.
“What was that?” Steve says, sounding pissed. Part of Tony rejoices at breaking through some of Steve’s shell of control; the rest of him rails against it and reminds Tony that Steve has to be careful for a reason. Where Tony’s frustration might one day break someone’s nose, Steve’s might punch a hole in someone’s skull (or chest).
Overall, they talk for hours. By the time they start walking back to the ATV, the sun’s coming at them from a sharp angle. Tony’s both drained and pleased, and he feels like the cat that got the canary the whole ride back to the garage. Steve looks like he feels much the same, a smug-happy smile on his face as he cuts the engine and swings his way to his feet.
“I promise not to put up too much of a fight,” Steve says, and tries to say it like he means it, to say ‘one day I’ll stop abandoning you, I’ll come back.’
“You’re a little shit, you know that?” Bucky asks, but he’s smiling, kind of. Steve can’t help the grin in response, even if it turns into a grimace as a pair of tweezers dig in deep. They’ve developed a rudimentary analgesic for Steve’s metabolism, but it’s not perfect. Partially numbing at best, and it wears off fast.
“Right,” Sam says, a little resigned and a little amused in that perfect balance he has.
“Right,” Tony says, thinking of his own liver, brand new and unpoisonable. “Ate his liver?”
Who knew Captain America littering would bring Tony such joy. God, he’s probably getting old.
“Think so,” Steve says, so Tony doesn’t think he saw, or he must assume the armor was enough to stop the stinger from sinking in.
“Not ’til you said something,” Tony says, “but now that you mention it…”
And Tony doesn’t have an answer but he doesn’t think one exists, so he’s trying to just not obsess over it.
on the cross, this is maybe the most circular conversation he’s ever had, and that is impressive in its own right. What he wouldn’t give to get his point across right now. He thinks some scotch would help, maybe loosen his tongue, but he also knows that he and Steve only ever end up in screaming matches when he drinks.
“Spider-Man, right?” Steve asks, putting his hand out. Peter takes it and shakes, pausing long enough to get a full breath.
but then he deletes it. This isn’t that conversation, and he shouldn’t turn it into that conversation, not when they’re texting and on opposite sides of the county. Talk about running from conflict.
“Queens, right?”
“Pepper doesn’t know. Who do you think I am?”
Tony laughs. He knows what Sam’s talking about, too, because section 9-C is a doozy, an absolute mess of legal language, but also an important one. He types out a quick reply:
He’s almost out of the medical wing by the time he runs into Sam and Natasha. They all round corners at the same time and then stand there, watching each other for a moment. Finally, Sam smiles crookedly and Tony breathes.
And this is the moment Tony realizes he feels normal. This isn’t the distrustful version of himself who could hardly accept a dinner plate from his teammates; this isn’t the hateful, out-of-control version of himself who invited the team back to the compound after that first battle-slash-reunion, who was admittedly right but so so
“Thor. I shall assist the Black Panther.”
“Eh,” he says noncommittally. “Can you hear it?”
“More or less,” Tony says, shrugs, keeps his back to the coffee machine so he doesn’t stare at it.
“Of course,” Steve says.
He’s shaking, too. Trembling under Tony’s hands.
And holy shit, Pepper’s here too, standing beyond the foot of his bed in the little room, up against the wall, arms crossed. Did he sleep through his birthday? Or Armageddon?
Nat’s widowbites are exceptionally ineffective, but her and Scott seem to have teamed up. Scott gets captured while Natasha sneaks up from behind, and then he shrinks down to safety while she slits its throat or shoots its brains out from the soft, unprotected underside of its jaw.
Rubrics will now be used to determine the readiness and eligibility of new Avengers candidates (in addition to the psych evals).
he can hear the echoes of Howard’s strung-out explanation, distorted through time. It had been the middle of the night, and Tony, already a budding insomniac at the tender age of eight, had wandered down to find his dad in the garage.
“Cool,” he echoes.
“Ant-Man,” Scott says. “I’m good to stay. Minor injuries, but nothing that needs immediate attention.”
“What, that thing doesn’t count?” Bucky asks, nodding at the armor display again.
Logically, Tony’s pretty sure he won’t. But the idea doesn’t sink in with any conviction. Steve’s shown him depth of feeling when they’re alone, isolated from everyone else. He doesn’t know what Steve’s going to do when they butt heads, or when Tony doesn’t agree with him implicitly and automatically. He doesn’t know what’s going to happen in the real world, outside of this strange, terrifyingly intimate bubble they’ve been building around themselves.
“—for the security of America if the leader of our greatest protection is going to be so fickle with that power?”
Bruce looks up and glares.
“Bruce said they still couldn’t give Tony anything for the pain,” she says quietly. “Said it would confuse the ‘program’ to introduce a foreign chemical agent. Or something like that.”
“Tony?” Steve again.
And shit, right. Tony though of how he must look from the outside and rushed to stop that in its tracks.
Talking’s a thing. It’s kind of his thing.
Tony takes a drink—normal coffee with some cream and cinnamon, perfection and warmth in a cup.
They continue as they have been, but the chain reaction seems to have started. Tony’s fingertips tingle, and he smiles at a man in a three-piece. His jaw clenches, unclenches, clenches, and he loses his half-empty glass on a passing tray. He can’t get enough air, but Sam says something in a tone that suggests a joke, so he laughs because he knows, Tony knows it’s not real—he can breathe, even if he feels like he can’t. It’s just too bad that knowing the difference doesn’t actually help in any practical way.
“Everyone gets checked out by medical,” Steve says, and it sounds more weary than authoritative, but he must look bad enough that no one wants to start a fight because after a few grumbles, nobody protests for real.
“You know,” Clint says a minute later, “I think Steve’s getting lonely up here.”
“What freakout?” Tony asks, adequately derailed. Bruce twirls a hand in the air distractedly.
Vision and Wanda made a platter with cheese and crackers after Natasha explained what she thought was going on. Steve took a small plate of a bunch of different things and Tony admitted that, yeah, he was pretty hungry, so he started picking at it. Sam and Bucky resumed their Backgammon showdown and Clint called winner. It turned into a tournament from there. It was competitive, but nobody got too crazy. Tony stayed on the chair with Steve where they rearranged to drape the blanket over the both of them, and on the edges of the conversation, adding something every now and then.
“If I’d been more involved or even bothered to keep up-to-date, maybe it wouldn’t have been such a damn surprise the day you showed up with Ross.”
“Of course.” Rhodey grins. It’s taken him a while to warm up to FRIDAY, but she likes Rhodey in a way she doesn’t like nearly anybody else. “I’m just saying that most people consider small personal crises to be emergencies, but you’ve been aware for a short time and seen some pretty extreme situations.”
“You need someone to look at this,” she tells him.
Tony slows himself down, tracing the conversation back. Protection and being in danger, that’s Steve’s point. Not helmets.
Then Tony rereads Steve’s last reply and types out another message before Steve can get a word in:
The trick with Rhodey is that you don’t even need to get him drunk to cut loose with him, you just need to hand him a glass bottle and he’ll act like he’s a little drunk. It’s a game of association—make Rhodey feel simultaneously safe and wild, and his tongue will loosen up, and they’ll eventually be sitting on top of one another if there aren’t any women present. It’s nice. This is the trick that makes sobriety work for him. Forget all the sparkling apple juice in champagne flutes and having something to do with his hands, if bottles of soda didn’t play mind games with Rhodes, he wouldn’t even bother.
“That's what you get for letting your guard down,” Tony says, hands spread in a what-can-you-do gesture.
echoes in Tony’s head, along with a gentle breeze and twelve different shades of blue.
He’s fine up until the moment he decides he needs a shower (his entire body feels greasy and stale, and his hair is downright disgusting). When he undresses, his fingers and toes are all warm—he’s had poor circulation since before Iron Man, uncovered extremities always means numbly cold. It’s enough to throw him off balance, but not exactly bad.
“Enough,” Thor says, loud enough to project down the entire street. “Their business here is done.”
“Anthony Edward Stark," Bruce says.
“Well I would hate to get into an argument over semantics,” Tony says, smiling with his mouth and crinkling the corners of his eyes, “especially in this room. But I think I’m gonna have to call you out on this one, Tom—”
“Pep,” he says as Pepper springs up to stand straight, “Pepper, c’mon, that’s not what it was—”
“Whatcha workin’ on?”
“Hello?” he says into the receiver after he’s flipped it open and, really now, he’s lucky he didn’t break it in half by accident. He’s out of breath, he realizes distantly, which is frankly ridiculous.
“Fuck,
no wonder we got off on the wrong foot,” Steve says, and it feels like an epiphany.
Steve's breathing evens out as he drops off to sleep, more slowly in here than the times they’ve slept on the couch, or maybe Tony’s just more aware.
“Steve,” she says, “there’s debris in there.”
as he swallows, looking like a smug asshole. Tony rolls his eyes. Thor and Wanda don’t seem to hear.
“Fair,” Steve says, even though Tony’s pretty sure it’s not. “I figured that out eventually anyway.”
“That was—the sentiment I got from the others,” he says. “But it’s—uh, kind of you to say outright.”
There’s some more silence after that, or near silence anyway—two bats fluttering around outside the window, the quiet whirring of the cable box, Sam’s breathing, actually calming now instead of being wrangled into submission—and Tony starts wishing he hadn’t tossed the tablet, just for something to do with his hands. He fidgets instead, starts tapping at his sternum, comforted by the solid
“You’re bleeding,” he says again, popping the kit open and kneeling in front of Tony. Tony sits up and looks down at Steve as he sorts through the supplies. His hands are gentle the way Steve is always gentle, hyperaware of the serum, of the strength in even the very tips of his fingers. He doesn’t ask Tony if what he’s doing is okay, just gets to work because it needs to be done.
Rhodey yawns and falls asleep within minutes.
“Hey,” Clint says warningly, gaining his posture back as he does so.
“Okay,” he says.
“Yeah,” Steve says, and Tony tries (and fails) not to feel ridiculously relieved at Steve’s recovered ability to track a conversation. The doctor simply nods.
Marcel’s is a small vegan cafe, though a fairly pricey one. This time of day it’s not quite crowded, and occupied by people dressed in business suits or the most expensive hobo clothes Tony’s seen in months. Tony himself is wearing a suit, simple and charcoal grey, and the HUD glasses. There are potted plants everywhere, and a hardwood floor so shiny it’s reflective. It smells like every kind of coffee imaginable and American Spirit cigarettes and some very potent essential oil perfume and car exhaust and weed. And holy hell, there’s so much, every person a walking storybook, all being thrown into his face at the same time. He finds himself contemplating the three separate (and clashing) rings on a man’s left ring finger before he even considers how he noticed them through the cacophony of other things, but—yes, when he looks at the armchair by the dessert display, there’s the man, there’s his finger with all three rings. He wonders what they mean.
“Gotta be sharp for it if you’re this nervous,” Sam corrects.
“Had worse,” Steve mumbles, scrubbing at his face with the back of his hand. Clint sighs and rolls his eyes.
“No,” Tony says, “’course not.”
It’s a fucking leap of faith, is what it is, and Tony’s always had a questionable relationship with faith, with fate, with knowing when to let something go.
(And then, of course, there’s the tiny faction of old-SHIELD still following legally-dead-Nick-Fury around, but that’s another problem entirely.)
“Me neither,” Bruce mumbles. Then, louder, “It’s a—livable solution. In the literal sense. And it’s not
“Nothing to worry about, Cap.”
“No,” Steve agrees, even-keeled across the table. He’s all calm leader, voice determined and solid, the kind of overly level that can make Tony rage when it’s directed at him. “It’s about us being so deeply damaged we didn’t think to reevaluate how the team was being run after SHIELD fell. It’s about the fact that some of us fought each other fiercely at the first sign of conflict, and that we splintered apart, and that we disintegrated under the first hint of pressure.”
“Stark.” He nods and doesn’t say anything scathing, which is actually a huge improvement over the harshness of the civil war and the cold quiet of this last mishap.
“We need to call Ms. Potts,” he says at one point.
Tony laughs.
“—and I can come up when I’m done—”
“Just a little longer,” he says, apologetic. “We’ve found the queen. Thor’s…negotiating.”
he sends quickly.
not the longest chapter, but i'm trying to update more often, so this is the compromise
“Hey, man,” Scott says, hands raised in surrender, “I don’t care how it happens. A miracle’s a miracle.”
“How can I help?” he asks.
“Tony!” Steve calls after him. Tony stops, turns so he can see Steve out of one eye. Steve, for his part, is leaning against the doorframe, casual as can be, arms crossed over his chest. “I won’t go to sleep for another couple hours or so. If you wanna—hang out.”
“What,” Steve says.
“Why do you think so?” Steve says.
“You’re pretty torn up,” Bucky says. Steve looks over his shoulder when another
He breathes as they ascend. With the next exhale he feels the meeting itinerary melt away from his mind’s eye.
“Definitely not the material,” Vision says from
“I’m not nervous,” he says. “I’ve never been nervous a day in my life.”
Bucky raises his eyebrows and tucks his chin.
“Come on,” Steve says. She just stares at him, chin up, and Steve rolls his eyes.
Tony tilts his head in acknowledgment because, yeah, that one’s on him.
The medics go straight from questioning Steve to putting a neck brace on him to loading him into the ambulance, and then Clint’s nudging him forward and Tony’s opening his own mouth.
“The couch?” Bucky parrots, levering himself up the rest of the way and lifting his arm to look underneath him. When his hand brushes against his face he stills momentarily and then scrubs at it with part of his sleeve pulled over his hand. Sam’s laughter morphs into a crazed howling. “What—”
“Here,” Steve said from above him, around him, his voice almost echoing. Tony realized that Steve was standing by the arm of the couch and that he was putting a plate of Indian food right by his elbow, right under his nose, right in his face.
Somebody has to save our skins, he thinks a little hysterically.
Tony snorts, and it’s not an entirely pleasant noise.
“The kind who thinks he’s pretty clever.”
AVALON flashes through his mind, but he dismisses the idea right away (even if he does need to finish the finer points of the protocol), and he brings up the schematics for Barnes’ new arm. It’s almost complete, really, he’s just about ready to throw together a prototype, but Rhodey’s is always a welcome opinion.
“Sure,” Scott says, holding his hands up placatingly, “they should be available, I’m not saying they shouldn’t.
“Come on, Steve,” she says, sounding just as weary as Bruce had looked. “He didn’t even know Wanda was on the team, let alone the way the entire team self-combusted while he was away.”
“No fighting,” Steve said. “Everyone plate up and we’ll pick a movie.”
“Of course, door’s always open to talk about private concerns,” Tony says. “Or we’ll be here, same time next week. Speaking of which, next time you tune in it’ll be Steve’s turn to run the show.”
“I’m just saying,” Tony says, “I’d rather make too much than not have enough.”
“I’m not caffeinated enough for this,” Rhodey declares, and then he gets up and walks out of the room. He comes back a couple minutes later with two mugs of coffee and sets one in front of Tony.
Of everyone, though, Bucky's probably the one person at the compound who expects the least of Tony. Actually, due to his guilt complex, Bucky might be the one person on the face of the Earth who expects the least from Tony. At least, this is what Tony uses to reassure himself as he stands over the nearly fully assembled arm on the bench in front of him, looking over it just one more time for anything he can reasonably use to kill a few more minutes.
He lingers still. He’s got Steve and Sam pretty much covered. Convinced. Probably Clint, if only because the man won’t stage another rebellion with his family on the line. Scott, too, for much the same reason as Clint, though Tony admits he doesn’t know the man quite well enough to be sure. Wanda’s a wildcard, and a powerful one. She holds sway for Steve and Clint. Nat feels safe, after all the work she’s put into the team coming back together. Bruce, Thor, Bucky, Vision—question marks. Of course, he likes to think he knows what to expect of them, but he thought they’d work everything out the first time around.
Spider-Man lands on the wall above their heads, sticking to the brick by his feet and the fingertips of one hand before detaching and standing before them.
“Tony Stark," Pepper says, smiling ahead, but it’s fond. Sweet. “How far you’ve fallen.”
“The Brood virus and Extremis,” he says. “They’re—fighting. One of them might come out on top, or a combination of both of them. Or neither. It’s a lot of strain on his body, Tony’s heart hasn’t been strong for a while.”
“Just,” he says, stops. Steve pauses, too. After a moment, he puts his hand on the back of Tony’s head, letting it stay where it is, shielded. His fingers slide through Tony’s hair, and Tony makes the conscious decision to let himself be comforted by it.
He doesn’t panic when he realizes. It’s pretty anticlimactic, really. It’s day thirteen in the new Malibu house, and he’s about halfway through setting up FRIDAY’s stuff in the second bedroom, just putting his tools away for the day, when he stops to think about it.
“Oh, great,” Tony says. “So I should avoid eating it at all costs.”
“And it’s incredibly
“Yodel-ay-he-hoo,” Tony calls back.
“Yeah, alright,” Tony says, talking over him just to make him stop that line of thought. “But I’m fine, kid. And you’re fine?”
So he confesses to how nice it was at the press conference they did for the Accords, how much easier it was to handle with other people there to back him up. They agree that press duty should be handled in pairs or groups, and that it shouldn’t be anyone’s sole responsibility to calm the sharks in the wake of a storm.
When you kill me, I’m pretty sure it won't be an accident, Tony doesn't say. At least Dum-E brought me my heart when I was dying instead of breaking it with the worst metaphor ever.
“Doing what?” Steve says. “I—”
“What materials we talking here?” Rhodey asks, and they’re off again.
“Better tell Maximoff to start getting warmed up,” Tony says, and makes himself smile back. “She might get to take a few free shots at me.”
“Okay,” Tony says slowly, and he takes stock of the situation. There’s an IV in his arm still and a pulse oximeter clipped onto his middle finger of the same arm, but he suspects it’s more than that. He shifts his hips and, oh yeah, he’s on a catheter leash too. Fun. “Speaking of doctors, I think I’m done here. Someone can come unhook me now.”
Steve just laughs, a soft chuckle that’s so genuine it makes Tony’s chest ache. The corners of his eyes scrunch up and his shoulders loosen, and Tony smiles back automatically.
“Hive mind?” Scott says, and then lets out an
Anyway, only Sam actually comes by; Steve seems intent to suffer through the reams of legal jargon on his own, Wanda’s got Natasha, Scott flew the coop the morning after
It only takes a couple seconds for the reply to come.
“Not a lot,” Steve says automatically. “Sam and Nat are cooking, and I just, I wanted to see if you’d eaten yet.”
Also, Tony doesn’t say, even though he’s been holding it in for
The rubrics for team eligibility are the first real speed bump they encounter.
He lays there, and he breathes, and tells himself not to be stressed over the fact that he’s not already asleep after three nonstop days (has it been three already?).
“Evening, little lady,” he says. “Tony Stark.”
“Trouble sleeping?”
. He does it again and can hear Steve’s breaths puffing against the receiver on the other end. Steve knows how the phones work, but sometimes he gets distracted and holds it a little too close to his mouth, like a radio. Tony really wishes he didn’t know such random shit about Steve.
Usually, that is. Usually Tony considers Rhodey’s input invaluable. But this time Rhodey pokes around at the hologram for almost ten minutes before he says anything.
“We have set agreed upon terms for this ceasefire and retreat,” Thor says. “I apologize for not discussing them with you, Captain, but time was of the essence.”
“Who doesn’t like root beer?” Tony asks when he catches his breath, and he’s wiping his eyes on his shirtsleeve when he says it. “It tastes like vanilla!”
Tony breathes deeply despite the flare of pain it causes, and he makes himself pause in the middle of the fight. He pivots around and sees his entire team. Rhodey’s the only one of them not here, but Tony’s secure in his knowledge that Jim’s safe on the east coast. FRIDAY records all footage from battles—it comes in handy in debriefs—and he’s never been happier to have the record. They’re all home, all fighting on the same side, watching each other’s backs. The stealth team is about to go underground, but in this moment, they’re together in the way he imagined back during the Battle of New York. He lets out the breath, shaky, and lets his eyes slip closed.
“Pizza for breakfast,” Tony says again. “Wow, thanks.”
a sharp kind of relief like she knows exactly what he’s thinking. And he’ll take it, he’ll take this. They’re all together, and maybe he hasn’t worked things out with everyone yet, but they will, he’s fairly confident, so he smiles back and moves to hand out plastic silverware from the pile on the coffee table. The sounds of his teammates talking to one another wash over him, and he takes a deep breath.
“Yes,” Steve said, and then Tony could hear the laughter in his voice, all bright and happy. The great Captain America was struggling to keep his voice even and Tony felt like he’d won a prize. “You can’t sleep on the chair all night, you’ll hurt your neck.”
“Okay," Steve says, voice softly surprised. His blunt fingernails scritch gently against Tony’s back through his layered shirts, and Tony blows out a breath.
“So ask the captain,” T’Challa says. Tony shakes his head.
“Listen,” Tony says, hushed now. Sincere. “If there’s one thing I can count on, it’s that anyone on this team would’ve done the same thing. There were civilians out there, and we’re all reckless idiots when it comes to stuff like that.”
“Good,” Steve says, and he sounds about as relieved as Tony feels. “Let’s do this quick and clean, Avengers.”
“No,” Tony counters, “not good. The leader of the Avengers really shouldn’t be flying off the handle like some sort of….me. Like another Tony Stark. Christ, the team can hardly handle one me. Some would argue that the team can’t even handle one me. The man better get his head out of his ass and start leading or I’m gonna have to stage an uprising.”
“Colonel Rhodes,” Steve says. He clears his throat and starts again, “It’s good to see you up and about again, though I wish the circumstances were better.”
Tony gets out of the elevator and speeds up his pace as their words become more distinct, just a little, because it’s weird to be accidentally eavesdropping like this.
Unfortunately, by the time evening is solidifying into nighttime, Tony’s staring at the completed prototype for Bucky’s new arm.
“I’m not sorry,” Tony says. He can see, vividly, where this conversation could go: down the how-could-you-keep-this-from-me road that leads straight to Ultron yet again. God, he’s so tired of this conversation. “I did what I thought was best for the—”
An insistent knocking at the door snaps him back to reality. Tony raises an eyebrow at his reflection.
“Hey,” he says.
Since becoming an Avenger, Wanda’s gotten her driver’s license and taken a defensive driving course, and she knows how to land the Quinjet in case of an emergency (because that’s one of the first things they teach newbies), but apparently nobody’s taken the time yet to actually teach her how to fly one of those things.
them back into the country, just like he let Steve break them all out of the RAFT, just like he hasn’t stopped them from knocking down Hydra bases because he doesn’t want to. Steve wishes he could say he knows it’s because Tony still trusts him, but that thought is always chased by the one where Tony lets Steve get away with anything he wants just so they don’t have to be in a room together.)
He’s not even sure he’s tired right now, in the physical sense. He does register that he’s emotionally exhausted. It would be nice, he thinks, to lay in the dark, in the calm, even if he weren’t to fall asleep for a few hours.
along with Clint, the only difference being that Clint came slinking back not even twelve hours later to lick his metaphorical wounds. He’s spent every waking moment since on the phone with Laura going through the most rigorous “negotiations” Tony’s ever heard of.
“And you’re letting FRIDAY decide what constitutes an emergency now?” Rhodey says.
“I know,” she says back, grinning. “And I’ll hold you to that.” She squeezes his bicep briefly. “Pass on my message to Steve, ’kay?”
“I’m not sabotaging anything,” Steve says.
“Okay,” Tony said eventually.
“Make it go away.”
Fuck, he thinks breathlessly.
Tony thought Steve would sit by Bucky, but nobody seems shocked or uncomfortable by the arrangement. In fact, Tony hasn’t seen them together once, but, to be fair, he hasn’t seen much of anyone except at breakfast this morning. He wonders what that’s about, but doesn’t dare ask.
“It’s too high on your ribs,” Steve explains, dabbing slowly at the fresh and caked-on blood. “If you keep twisting to clean it, it’ll keep bleeding.”
“I didn’t think,” Bucky says, and then stops. Steve looks up and catches his eye only to find the genuine confusion Bucky’s radiating. “After the way it went down in Siberia, I didn’t think you’d be so worried about him.”
Bucky starts hovering from half a room away the second they enter, and Tony gently pushes Steve off toward the couch Bucky’s sitting on, remembering himself and Rhodey, the blood-crystalizing fear Tony gets when he wakes from a nightmare of Rhodey falling, falling,
“I think that’s called reacting,” Steve says, definitely smiling now. Tony snaps and points at him, and then swings so he’s pointing at Tim-the-reporter.
“You’re terrible,” Tony tells him, but softens it with what he hopes comes across as a sincere smile. “The worst.”
Steve still looks like he thinks it’s Christmas morning, but he’s starting to look wary, too. Bucky looks flat-out confused, and Tony can feel himself getting tenser by the moment. He’s annoyed with Steve for looking at him like that, pissed at himself that he’s getting more on edge and playing right into Steve’s expectations, and maybe just a little pissed at Steve for so obviously trying to walk on eggshells, trying not to look too happy, or say something that could be taken as critical. Fuck it, he thinks.
“Then you literally have more faith in me than anyone I know.”
“What—uh, should I be worried?” he asks. Steve stirs underneath him. “What’re you doing with those pics, o mighty Black Widow?”
“Hey, Fri, baby, let’s bring up that coolant system for a sec,” Tony says, and a hologram pops up over the coffee table. “Fantastic. What is it we’re using now?”
“Sure thing,” she says icily. “Even though I’m the one who’s gonna be stuck explaining that decision, by all means. Thirty percent it is.”
Tony's smile relaxes into something real for a second and then melts away altogether. He stands there and listens to the elevator descend again, and then frowns when it goes on for a few seconds too long. It stops finally, and Tony all but holds his breath. He’s just about to walk away when it starts up again. Shocked, he looks at the panel above the door, and it’s on the first floor. And Tony…definitely shouldn’t be able to hear that. He doesn’t think he ever has before, but he can’t exactly remember. He might just be tripping himself out.
“Cute-
“I really thought—” Steve breaks himself off, looks Tony directly in the eye like he’s an opponent to face down, like something to fight, but when he speaks, it’s to say, “I was terrified. I was scared you weren’t going to wake up at all, or that we’d be too late getting you here, or that there’d be nothing we could do for you.”
Her response takes longer this time, almost fifteen minutes and Tony doesn’t have a clue what he’ll do if she says no, but he suspects the ground would shake apart underneath him and deposit him straight into hell.
“The idea,” Vision says, “is to have someone you can talk through difficulties with, without the pressure of them being directly involved in any of your personal choices. An unbiased view, so to speak.”
“Hey there,” Sam says. He looks exceedingly even—every movement he makes seems like the kind designed to trick the body into calming down. He’s unhurried, purposeful, self-contained and
“M’sorry,” he says.
Tony’s disgusted to find he can hear clearly, even from this distance, even over the sounds of explosions and shouting.
“Aw, crikey,” Tony says. Rhodey looks at him with that superior smile that says ‘I understand people and social situations better than Tony Stark!’ and Tony rolls his eyes. Like that’s something
“Jesus, who do you guys think I am?” Tony asks. And then, before anyone can actually answer that question (yikes), “Barnes has been pardoned as well, but it’s up to him if he wants to remain in cryostasis. Though, maybe we should, I dunno, wake him up to let him know his options.”
“Black Widow,” Natasha says. “I’m able to stay if needed, but I would prefer to accompany back to the compound.”
“Of course he could’ve,” Steve says, and he reaches up to grab at Tony’s wrist, regaining contact. Gentle, insistent. He sounds desperate.
“What,” Steve says. He glances back at the door that’s now behind him like he might decide to make a run for it anyway (he really might). “What the hell.”
Tony makes himself catch Steve’s eyes, catch them and keep his gaze.
Tony’s stomach sinks.
It turns out to be horrendously awkward, is what it is. And that’s not entirely true either because it’s Natasha who comes back first. She shows up on his front step three months after Siberia and it’s all of those things. Tony gets angry and his skin feels askew. All at once he wants to slam the door in her face and sweep her up in a hug.
“We’re gonna be okay,” Tony tells him, lies to him, because it’s a nice lie, and Steve did it earlier. Tony doesn’t know when that became something they do, lying to each other to make them feel better. It’s nice though. He wants to keep it, this thing between them.
“I know I said I would listen,” Steve says, crease between his eyebrows and toothy smile on his face, “but that means you have to talk.”
Selfish, maybe. He just wants to keep it.
“We’re not doing this again,” Steve says.
“Hey, man,” Clint says when Steve squints up at the ceiling. “How ya feelin’?”
It’s bad, probably. He can feel air on his back, which means part of his uniform has been shredded away. It hurts when he hunches his shoulders forward too far.
And he thinks of Steve driving them home from the Accords gala early, of standing in the dark kitchen, both of them weighed down and at a loss, of Steve choking on root beer, of waking up next to him. Of the steadiness of his heart when he knows Steve’s well and truly with him, on his side.
“Ohmygod," Peter's saying. “I’m so sorry, Mr. Stark. I didn’t even know about the attack until I was between classes, I swear I would’ve come if I’d known—”
She replies, but Tony’s marching to the bathroom and not exactly listening as he carefully sinks to his knees and gags into the toilet, bringing up every chunk from his stomach that isn’t currently on the living room floor.
Though, he supposes it shouldn’t be such a bombshell. After all, he feels good right now. Sure, he used to drink when he felt alone and miserable and worthless but, maybe even more than that, he drank when he was happy, to hold onto happiness. If he sits here and thinks too hard about it, he won’t be happy anymore. If he can just get a drink or two, it can be a party; he’ll smile and laugh and
And, sure, he could fiddle with the thing forever, but any more edits or additions he makes are going to be ultimately useless until he can get Barnes down here and fitted with the damn thing.
Hallelujah, too, because
“It’s been an issue since the very start,” Tony says softly. “Maybe if there had been resources available to us back in the day, you wouldn’t have struggled to adjust and I wouldn’t have gone quite so off the deep end after New York. And I can’t think of a single one of us who wouldn’t benefit from an extra support system.”
“Good,” Steve says.
if not necessarily
“He’s—” Tony says. His heart feels twisted. He tries, for a brief moment, to conjure the hurt from Siberia, the sting from Steve lying to him for years, the feeling of being a negligible variable to Steve, not worth the effort, the sentence that could have brought him peace if Steve had just bothered. The momentary certainty that Steve was going to decapitate him with a weapon forged by Howard’s hands.
“I—” Tony snaps his mouth shut. Distrust flares up his spine, makes his shoulders hike up. He goes for a smile, but all Steve does is return it. He’s not sure what he’s supposed to do with
“I’m bound to win at least once,” Tony says, and he turns to shut down the monitor he’d been working on manually so Steve doesn’t see the way his good mood’s withered and died. “This is Disney we’re talking about.”
“You’re the first one,” Tony says. “Any room you want is yours.”
“Gave as good as I got,” he says vaguely.
“Always focused on the big picture," Steve murmurs, but he’s smiling, and the wind is tousling his hair.
“Victor von Doom,” Tony says. “I’ll send you the file so you can see for yourself.”
“As we’ve established: everything, but mostly I’m referring to that thing you said about me fighting Steve so hard because I was into him. Though, to be entirely fair, I. Well, one, I would’ve fought him anyway because I have something of a personal moral code these days, it’s kind of this whole thing—”
“Do you want some breakfast? I was just about to make a snack for myself.” Steve pushes himself upright and walks into the room, toward the fridge. Tony leans back against the counter, one elbow on either side of the coffee machine.
He can hear someone coming up behind them, but when he turns it’s just Clint walking through the alleyway. After a nod, Steve turns back to Tony. One of his hands is flailing and his eyes are screwed shut again. He manages to grab Steve’s hand, the one still on Tony’s face, and pulls it down. Steve takes the hint and holds his hand down at Tony’s shoulder level, still raking fingers through his hair.
“Then why…” And Steve sounds so desperate, Tony wants to spit, to scream, you did this to us, this is your fault, you don’t get to sound so sad. Even his smile is heartbreaking. “I know our coffee’s not as practiced as yours, but it hasn’t killed anyone yet.”
Tony takes a second to sit with that information. He’s known, of course, that Steve’s been having a hard time. Except, maybe he didn’t—whenever he thought about Steve in Wakanda, after Siberia but before coming home, he usually imagined Steve and Bucky, together, sometimes sharing a beer, sometimes laughing about fighting Tony. And it’s not entirely realistic, but that’s how it always was in his head. Logically, he knows Steve’s about as mentally stable as he is himself—PTSD, depression in place of Tony’s own anxiety. Steve puts on a brave face but in all honesty, Steve’s been a mess since he was unfrozen. This is more of a confirmation than anything else, and the knowledge that Steve’s been in worse shape since they refroze Barnes, or since whenever “earlier” was. The start of their disagreement, Tony thinks. Peggy dying, probably.
okay?”
(He leaves an ear that way too, even as he and Happy exchange pleasantries.)
“Hey,” Tony says mildly, “he’s been working on it. Using language to communicate instead of his fists and everything. Speaking of—”
“Each cut you patch up doesn’t undo one you made,” he continues. Steve takes a deep breath and picks up the disinfectant spray. Tony doesn’t stop him. “This isn’t how it works.”
“Nope,” he says finally, popping the ‘p.’
“Yeah,” Tony says, “Howard.”
“Right-o, chaps.” He points at Scott. “Lang, pick any unoccupied room for tonight. After debrief tomorrow, same rules as Barton. You can either keep the room or go home to your family. Or both.” He sweeps his gaze around the rest of them before settling on Natasha. “The rest of you, your rooms are still yours. The Avengers Compound doesn’t belong to me, I couldn’t take them from you if I tried.”
Tony huffs half a breath through his nose.
"Come on, Tony,” Steve said, all disappointed, and fuck that, honestly. Tony was being a responsible human being. Someone was always going to be disappointed: Pepper if he was slacking, Steve if he was overworking, and to be frank, Pepper was scarier.
“Oh, please,” Tony snaps, and he has to take a moment to sit himself down in his own head and tell himself to calm the fuck down. He looks at Steve when he starts talking again, and he thinks Steve looks more concerned than pissed. “Before she met me? You know, to my knowledge at least, she’s never expressed that she shouldn’t have done what she did. I think it’s clear that she regrets blindly trusting Ultron, but I don’t know if it’s ever even crossed her mind that her crusade was flawed from the first.”
“Of course I don’t—”
Steve rolls his eyes, and Tony straightens up from where he’s started to curl in on himself.
“Sweet dreams, princess,” Tony says.
Steve is an adult, his own person, and—Tony knows—would be throwing himself in danger’s way no matter his affiliation with Tony. Not that Happy and Rhodey aren’t their own willful creatures too, but Tony’s always felt like he dragged them into this nonsense at least a little. With Steve he has to admit the situation’s different.
Rolling his eyes, Tony pulls it on and doesn’t call him out on it.
Rhodey snorts.
Tony ducks his head and grins to himself as he steals the carafe to pour his first cup, putting it back just as fast to catch more of the brewing coffee. Clint Barton’s even worse with feelings than Tony, but he’ll take care of his own almost ruthlessly. He was absolutely shocked to find out what a mother hen the man was when the team first started, and even more surprised to find that Tony qualified as part of Clint’s
Tony doesn’t realize his cup’s tilting until he starts pouring coffee on the ground and it splashes onto his own socks and Steve’s pants. They both jump, and then stare at the ground even after Tony’s stopped spilling.
“Right.” Steve steps back and pulls his hand away finally. He looks back down at the half mug of coffee on the ground and gestures to it. “I’ll just…”
“Within the next day, Bruce thinks,” Rhodey says. It’s quiet, then, except for the sounds of the exoskeleton’s clasps being undone. Steve slides down the wall and lets his head thump back. The position pulls at his hip, but he doesn’t get up.
It’s that impulse—the one that screams at him that the meeting can’t happen as long as he’s beneath the covers—along with the knowledge that if he stays much longer he won’t be able to face the day at all, that propels him up and away from the bed. He needs to get out of his head before he either bolts or makes himself ill. Jeans and a black tank top, a quick shave and no shower. Tony’s lived long enough as himself to know he needs to move now, somehow. Neither fight nor flight are going to help him today—at least not right at the moment—but if he can’t trick his body into thinking he’s doing one of those he feels like he may very well lose his mind. It’s one of the few not-entirely-toxic coping mechanisms he learned from Howard.
“Right,” Pepper says, laughs. “Compared to the last decade, then, he’s not quite as aggressively ready to die.”
“So,” Tony says after a beat. “What’re you workin’ on down there in Bannerland?”
And then—
“Believe me when I say I’m trying,” Tony says. He gives in then, because it looks like this is going to be a Conversation, so he swings his legs up onto the bed and leans back so the footboard digs into the small of his back.
Sure, Steve’s parents died when he was young too. He doesn’t remember his father much, but he can recall vividly how his mother slowly grew weaker and weaker, more and more sick over a course of weeks. A couple months ago he imagined it for the first time, what it would’ve been like to lose her suddenly, for her to just not come home as the stupid consequence of a careless action, like Tony thought for years, or as a meaningless sacrifice in a human-sized game of chess, like Tony learned all-too-suddenly in Siberia. It’s almost too much to bear. As it was, Steve got the time to say goodbye, to hold his ma’s hand and tell her he loved her and hear it said back. She said to him
“Alright, yeah, sure,” Tony says.
“Haven’t made any yet,” Clint says. He’s watching Tony go, popping Froot Loops into his mouth one at a time.
Thor, unhelpful as he’s been the entire interaction, laughs.
“Sweet of you,” Tony says as they close in on the elevator. Sam shrugs.
(This is playing dirty.)
“I was…” Tony can actually see the moment Clint realizes how ridiculous this whole thing is, and shakes himself a little. “I need a jet, I need to go home to my family,” he says resolutely, all-in. Tony still respects him. He thinks the others might be watching from where they’re all sitting around in the living room and kitchen, but he doesn’t look.
“I’ve been trying to get your attention,” Tony says, playing along. He bites his tongue, rather hard, considering. Fuck it, he decides. If Steve doesn’t already think he’s completely insane, he might as well go for it.
“This seems more of an Alpha-6 to me,” she tells him. She takes over the suit then, and Tony lets it go without a fight. He slumps and gives into the urge to twitch.
fear. All of them.”
“No,” Tony says. Instead of getting angry, Clint looks like his heart is breaking. Tony definitely doesn’t have the patience for this shit. He rolls his eyes.
But now Tony has a plan. This is a good way to chase contentment, he decides, and hell if Steve’s going to stop him. In fact, they’re a team now. Steve’s going to help.
currently on the good stuff?”
don’t have a problem with this,” Scott says, looking at Clint. Clint shrugs, arms crossed.
“Okay, you’re still alive, or okay, people can come back now?” Steve sounded like he was smiling again.
There’s a stinging in Tony’s nose, behind his eyes. Steve always liked the sweeter coffee drinks. Tony finds them frankly disgusting, and he has no idea where Steve “lived through the Great Depression” Rogers developed the palate for it. He clears his throat.
“I know,” Steve says, and he doesn’t look up. “I know, I’m sor—”
“Bruce Banner,” Bruce says, and Steve opens his eyes to realize he’d closed them tight. Bruce is stepping forward, offering a hand to Bucky warily.
what the fuck. He drops the smile again.
“I’m—feeling quite a bit better, actually,” Steve says, but he lets Tony help him anyway.
Tony jumps up and over to the small sink in the corner.
(Steve’s not an idiot, okay, Tony
also?? if you haven't seen Homecoming yet you're missing out, A+++
“Thirteen degrees north,” Clint says. “Second tallest tree.”
Thoughts conflicting, when Tony opens his mouth, what comes out is, “Why now?”
And, hey, there’s a thought. Tony lurches hard enough that it knocks Rhodey’s hand away again.
“So it’s visible to Richards,” Clint says, because SHIELD ‘monitors potential threats,’ and the rivalry between Doom and Richards counts, childish as they both are. Probably because of how childish they both are.
“You’re Iron Man!” she screams, and Tony doesn’t know if it’s the last thing she screams, but it’s the last he hears. He doesn’t know if it’s panic-in-response-to-Wanda or magic-induced panic, but time halts for the briefest expanse of time and he swears he can feel his pupils dilate, and then the moment shatters.
“Whatever you say, Tinman.”
like sick dogs, and he thinks, worse fates than death. Steve makes a snap decision.
“If that’s everything?” he says, looking around the table. There are some calm faces, some stormy expressions, though no one moves to argue. Tony takes a steadying breath and squashes down the urge to run a hand through his hair. “Thank you all for meeting. Really—I know that kinda sucked for everyone, but this meeting is officially adjourned. And I promise they won’t all be like this.”
by the Dixie Chicks and tells FRIDAY to intercept anymore incoming communications from Steve and only let them through if it’s for an emergency.
Tony crawls in beside him, but doesn’t lay down, even as he runs fingers through Steve’s hair lightly.
“Wanna make a promise?” Tony asks, warming up to the idea.
“My bet’s on Lang,” Steve says right away, like he’s already been thinking about it. There’s a smile playing on his lips for the first time since he got here, and Tony already knows his answer.
“Oh, my God,” Tony says. He’s going to protect this man until his dying breath. “I just got this new heart, green bean, you can’t ruin it like this.”
Steve, unfortunately, rejects the casual tone Tony had set and proceeds to look nothing short of mortified.
“ ‘Managed’ is a strong word,” Clint mumbles from where he’s hunching over his phone.
“Happy birthday, man!” Sam says, smiling a smile small enough that it’s not out of place in the shabby safe house.
“Sorry,” Steve says, misreading the gesture and trying to snatch his hand back.
Slowly, memorizing the way his nerves notch up at the movement, Tony reaches forward to grab Steve’s hand and rearrange them, his back to Steve’s front, Steve’s arm around his waist and Tony clutching their hands to the space just over his diaphragm, one ankle hooked behind Steve’s foot. Steve complies without comment or resistance, only shifting once Tony stills, shuffling closer and adjusting the angle of his arms. He’s amazed; this must be the easiest Steve’s ever acquiesced to another’s will ever.
“You're the most suspicious person I’ve ever met,” she says.
“Cheapskate,” Rhodey mumbles.
It’s just—Barnes was there, Barnes is living here, in the compound, and. And, and, and. And it’s not Barnes’s fault. And it’s no good to offer someone a place to live if you make it clear you don’t want them there. And he’s not even mad at Barnes, not really, hasn’t been for a long time now. And he can’t stop waiting for Steve to forget about his existence entirely. And he’s worried he’s going to turn into the Winter Soldier 2.0 and kill the last people he ever wants to hurt, the people he’s already hurt anyway. And—
“They’re afraid of one of them dying,” Wanda says. She sounds strained, tired.
The pillow talk of a supersoldier.
Steve breathes. He exhales a breath he feels like he’s been holding for months, but he breathes out too far and has to suck in another, and then he’s almost coughing. Get ahold of yourself, he thinks. Breathe, just breathe, it’s—
“Well, okay the—”
Tony breathes evenly, doesn’t tense up.
“Aye-aye, Cap’n,” Tony says.
‘Flustered’ isn’t quite right though. Steve looks like someone just kicked a puppy, or like he’s watching someone open fire into a group of grade school kids. It reminds him of the way Steve used to look when talking about Barnes, back before any of them knew he was still alive. And, hey, there’s an idea.
“I’m sorry,” Tony says, eyes still covered. “This was ill-conceived.”
Tony does. He makes about three-quarters of a pot, pours both cups, and sets Clint’s in front of him before speaking again.
“I don’t care!” she wails. Tony knows she’s not a kid, not really, but she’s also so much younger than him, doused in so much heavy grief. Tony remembers what he was like at her age, volatile and burning with it. He just wasn’t ever so dangerous. “You were supposed to be our teammate! You left!”
So, not brotherly feelings. There’s an endless, terrifying potential there, though. The passion’s obviously there already; you don’t start a quote-unquote “war” with someone unless you feel a lot for them, a lot and powerfully. There’s understanding, too. The things that had always felt like a compromise with Pepper, those are things that Steve does everyday too, because they’re wired the same and they get it. That’s not anything against Pepper, of course. She’s just too good. She’s seen the ugliest parts of humanity, but she’s never been one of them. For how purely good Steve is, there’s a violence in his blood, the same need to fight that pumps through Tony’s heart, that keeps him alive, day after day.
“Why would they be?” Clint shoots back. Tony blinks. He didn’t loose that much blood at all but he’s in an adrenaline drop and a little slow on the uptake.
“This isn’t about showboating how much better we’re doing,” Natasha hisses at Vision before turning her eyes back on Bruce. Her pretenses are slipping; Tony doesn’t know if she’s letting emotions through to play an angle here, or if she’s really getting heated. “This isn’t part of a press release to prove we’re normal people getting normal help.”
“Please,” Steve scoffs, eyes fixed on the trees out the passenger window. “For how serious he could be, Howard was always kind of a child. Your ma had to have known what she was getting herself into.”
For a few minutes, he gravitates toward Bruce and Thor where they’ve turned their chairs to face the picture windows. Thor has a tall glass mug full of beer, and Bruce just a can of Guayaki. The feeling with them is one of calmness right up until he realizes both Bruce and Thor missed the moment he stopped drinking (not that it was a single moment, exactly, or something he made an announcement about, but everyone else knows, they all saw the process, the adjustments he made). Unless someone’s mentioned it to them, they don’t know. He could easily snag some scotch from behind the bar and drink it over here, and they wouldn’t even know to be disappointed.
He doesn't want to know if Barnes is being shipped back the States, or what treatments, if any, he chooses to try first, or if he decides to retire quietly on a diary farm in Wyoming. Sadly, the luxury of ignorance isn’t something Tony’s granted often, and this is no exception. Tony will count his blessings when they come, though, and thankfully all the information on Bucky comes from T’Challa in that calm, respectful tone, and not a peep comes from Rogers on the subject. Tony simultaneously wants the recognition, because he knows Steve knows this is hard for him, and also that he knows how much work Tony personally put into this outcome. At the same time, he logically knows that if Steve decided to say something, Tony wouldn’t be able to handle it, not yet. But that’s besides the point.
When he gets up, he’s almost surprised he isn’t shaking with the force of the freakout he’s apparently worked himself up to. He pulls on sweats and socks, zips up a hoodie without bothering with a shirt, and jams his feet into his tennis shoes on his way out the door, stomp-scuffing his feet along the floor to get them on all the way, even as he grits his teeth and pulls the door shut behind him.
So Steve makes seven quiches, and Tony makes five piles of french toast, and Thor meanders over at one point and wrings out oranges for juice (because Thor’s been all but banned from cooking with real appliances due to a couple of unfortunate instances back at the Tower, though Tony half suspects that was on purpose too, just like the “salt-cured boar” thing, because he’s really just a huge asshole and also a prince).
“Okay,” Steve says. Nods. Tony turns to rummage for the oil and Steve calls from the other room, “Extra butter!”
“Who else is up there?” Steve asks.
Steve sends back eventually. It’s taken him almost ten minutes to reply even though he read the message right away; he’s guessing Steve spent the time staring at the article and checking to see if it was a satirical website. (Tony suspects Steve doesn’t know his read receipts are on, but Tony’s sure not going to be the one to tell him that.)
“Well then,” Tony muses. “Relieved, huh?” He waves toward the armchair—and, consequently, the tablet—like Vana White. “By all means, then, feel free to lead the charge if you’re so—hey, no!” Tony reaches in Sam’s direction half-heartedly as he gets up and retrieves the tablet. The meeting’s contents aren’t a secret, exactly—Steve knows the whole thing inside-out by now, and Clint and Natasha have been helping with therapist selection. And, anyways, trying to be clandestine with all the spies and thieves and government entities in the house is a fool’s errand, he’s not an idiot. It just feels a whole lot like vulnerability, that list, this meeting—despite the number of hours he’s put into it, thinking about what he wants out of it still makes him think of the sun warming his ears, and Steve’s eyes perched up in an apple tree, and familiar, unnamed bird calls. He doesn’t want other people in that memory, doesn’t want Steve seeing it in a new light, maybe. Tony doesn’t want anything to undo the validation he got there.
“What?” Tony says. “Then who?”
“I’d actually rather just not puke at all, but thanks.” When he tests the lid on the water bottle, it gives slight resistance. Sealed. He opens it fully and pours some into his mouth, swishing, and turning to spit into the tub behind him. Come to think of it, the banana’s “sealed” too. Not that he doesn’t think Natasha couldn’t tamper with a banana, but she could just as easily tamper with a sealed bottle of water. Either both are safe or he can’t trust either, and he’s thirsty, so that solves that hangup. He takes a sip and Natasha’s foot bumps into his leg.
“Tony,” he says, breathes.
“Maybe,” Tony told him. Steve gave up and sat in the chair right next to Tony’s couch. The plate of food stayed where it was, and Tony’s headache notched up. The movie started up, then, and Tony learned that Wanda picked this time. He relaxed a tiny bit, the half-formed fear of action movie explosions falling away. People chatted lowly through the previews, and the movie itself had a muted color scheme and soft-spoken characters, but that was about all he could tell. He fazed out of reality for a little while, carried on an overpowering wave of sensation and sensory input that wouldn't let him breathe properly.
There’s a woman sitting two tables in front of Tony, pretty young, fried bleached hair, and a large coffee cup and notebook on her table amongst the books—seven of them. There’s another thermos of coffee sticking out of her backpack. She’s writing with four different kinds of pens, switching back and forth rapidly. He swears he can just about smell the bitterness of ground up Ritalin from here, but he thinks that might be his brain filling in the blanks a little bit.
“Tell me how to keep you safe,” Steve says, and kisses him.
“We’ll finish this as soon as we can,” Scott says.
“Hey, buddy,” Tony says softly, and U lifts his claw slowly, closing it as he pulls away in a strange petting motion, does it again, and again. “Good job looking after the place, it’s not even a little burnt.”
“Christ,” Tony says. “That’s not what I—”
“Your rent’s late,” he says. Not his wittiest comeback, but he’s still waking up. Hasn’t even had coffee yet. Bruce smiles softly either way, and Tony remembers why he likes the man so much.
“Tony, you and I are both men of great passions, but we are also both men of great burdens. You could no more abandon your duty than I.”
“I told him he needs to get some help. And I really think he should.”
And, okay, maybe Tony doesn’t know, not exactly. Usually he can get a vague idea of what the bots mean, especially DUM-E, but mostly FRIDAY will send the cliffnotes version to his phone later in case the bot actually has information he’d really like to relay.
“We won’t let it get that far,” Steve says. “And even if something did happen, it wouldn’t be your fault.”
“It is.”
“She,” Wanda says, “speaks for herself.”
thanks for all the wonderful conversations in the comments! i love reading it all
“James Bond,” Tony says, like word vomit. He and Steve both blink a couple of times. Tony grimaces.
Wanda gives them a closed-mouth smile and Vision bids them a good evening. Tony waits until they’re firmly in the elevator with the doors closed before speaking again.
Steve regards him, eyes roaming over Tony’s body all over again.
“What,” Wanda says, sharp and about as defensive as Tony feared, “so if someone risks their life in the middle of a battle, if they put themselves on the line to save our asses, later we can just go—‘oh, sorry, not a good fit, I’m afraid, better luck next time? Hope all the people who just saw your powers don’t harass you too much?’”
Deciding he’s adequately bolstered, Tony straightens and goes to his dresser, throwing on sweats and changing into one of his baggier t-shirts, washed-out black with a string of tiny holes near the collar. It doesn’t exactly hang on him, but it doesn’t fit either, per se.
“Then get in line!” Tony says. “I want you to tell me the truth! I want you to feel like we’re friends, but I guess that’s just too damn bad for me!”
God, he hopes.
When Tony’s parents died, he got Obadiah Stane. The man who hired the Ten Rings to take him out years later, and then tried to do it himself when that didn’t work. Steve doesn’t know what their relationship was like before, if it was ever actually good, but he has a hard time believing that hiring a terrorist organization in Afghanistan would’ve been Stane’s first attempt at removing Tony. Tony wouldn’t have met Pepper yet at that point. Rhodey would’ve been there in some capacity because he and Tony went to school together, but Steve knows that Rhodes was already on the military path, and he knows what it’s like to be left behind for that.
And, God—no, Tony doesn’t want FRIDAY to call anyone. He doesn’t need anyone to see him like this, he doesn’t want anyone to see him like this. Half the team thinks he’s too unstable to be an Avenger anyway, and the other half would probably think he was attention seeking and—why is he so happy to have them back, anyway? If this is how they see him, and how he has to work around them?
Bruce is suddenly in front of Steve, and he didn’t notice when that happened. One second Steve’s thinking about the broken beer bottle and the next Bruce’s hair is inches away because Steve's taller and Bruce is looking down. Steve’s face feels like it’s flaming hot right on the surface, and his hearing has tunneled out. He's leaning back again, which is starting to hurt his back more, and Bruce’s thumb is pressed to Steve’s exposed wrist.
When they get down to the common floor, Thor’s already up and about, cross-legged in a recliner, wearing his Yoda slippers and reading a paperback with a plain maroon cover. He looks from Steve to Tony and back, a grin spreading over his face.
“And you’re okay, right?” Tony says. “I don’t want you to tell me where you are,” he says quickly, “just—you’ve got somewhere to stay, and enough food?”
“—It wasn’t that early—”
The twenty-fifth isn’t for another two weeks. He’ll have this figured out by then.
“What?” Tony says.
“Of course he will, what kinda hack do you think I am?”
“I noticed,” he says, and it’s exasperated, almost fond.
“Yeah, yeah, no, of course,” Tony says. Sam’s reaction isn’t out of place, they’ve only really been texting each other memes for a couple weeks now. “I just wanted to make sure Cap was doing alright.”
“—Tony, please—”
“What exactly is Extremis supposed to do?” he says. “Now that it’s, uh, stabilized.”
“I’ll be right in the other room.” He squeezes Steve’s hand before letting go and stepping away.
them to work—but there’s only so much Tony can do. And, realistically, he’s done everything he can. He’s opened himself up, offered up things they have no right to, bled for it over and over. For them.
“FRIDAY,” Tony says, because what else can he do, “unlock the joints as soon as there’s room to move.”
What it comes down to is this: Tony doesn’t know if what he experienced last night falls under the category of Mental Manipulation Gone Awry or if it’s more of a Cardiac Event. He doesn't know and he honestly doesn’t expect anyone’s help either way.
With a smile he’s gone and Tony, dizzy with the relief of the joke—a goddamn
god bless ur patient souls
“Well,” he said, flashing a smile, “since Rogers asked oh-so nicely…”
“Did you wanna be alone?” Steve asks, glancing over at him.
Tony thought seeing everyone again would be a lot of things: maddening, tense, a struggle, painful. He was prepared for all of those things. He’d been feeling all of those things since crawling back to the near-empty Avengers compound to lick his wounds.
It wasn’t that he disliked the other Avengers. Far from it. In fact, he’d never been so close to people in his life. It was just…people were tiring and loud and always all over the place, all the time. He didn’t get to go home at the end of the day anymore and take off his masks because there was always someone around. The lab’s always been a safe place, and after the rogues came back from Wakanda, none of them were allowed in for a good two months until something sparked wrong in a materials test and Tony got knocked into a wall and passed out. Natasha had had to break in, which had taken about five minutes, while Tony had bled from his head onto the floor. After that incident, Tony had given emergency overrides back to Nat and Steve.
Tony sends back. Steve’s reply takes less than thirty seconds.
“No,” Rhodey says, eyes on Clint now. “She knows it, and it’s true—“
“I didn’t do that,” Wanda says, no longer yelling, a loose lid back on her emotions.
) but Bruce beats him to it.
“If I have to.” Sam straightens up enough to shrug. “There’s nothin’ to worry about, man.” He steps back into the elevator.
Tony still can’t understand how he doesn’t create a black hole when he does the whole shrinking thing, but Scott won’t tell them and Bruce just sighs the weary sigh of someone who can’t figure out his own messed up physiology and has come to accept that some things will forever be mysteries. (Tony hates it, even if he concedes defeat for now.) They spitball a few ideas over Scott’s head while he smiles a shit-eating, superior smile—and, God, wouldn’t Pym be proud if he could see the guy now—but all to no avail.
Gets back to work.
Tony’s hit, in that moment, with the magnitude to which Steve has to be fine. Supersoldier, Tony tells himself. Of course he’ll be okay.
“Boy, do I know it.”
“That’s ‘cause she’s a bully,” he grouches, “and she hates me.”
Tony lets Rhodey press him into the pillow, then, even though what he really wants is some breathing room, some space. They’re kind of awfully close. Pepper’s got the right idea, though, except that hurts in a different way. Honestly, she can’t even be within touching distance of his bed?
“Son of a bitch,” he says.
“Me too,” Steve says quietly, but he’s smiling now, so wide his eyes crinkle at the corners and, really, there’s not a hint of—
“He’s right,” Rhodey says then, leaning forward to brace his elbows on the table and link his fingers together, eyes on Wanda. There’s not a lot of heat in his voice, though—a man remembering the aura of weakness around the whole idea of psychologists and help. “Therapy’s about emotional help, sure. But it’s also about mental clarity and decision making.” His eyes flicker from Scott to Bruce then. “In one way or another, we all had a hand in the dissolution of this team—myself included—and it doesn’t come back together, not for real, unless we all put just as much work to fix it.”
“Tony,” Bruce says.
He must’ve fallen asleep at some point because the next thing he knew, there were fingers combing through his hair (which was frankly gross with dried sweat) and a soft voice in his ear.
“It’s a blur I’ll always remember,” he assures her.
It’s bad. It does indeed look like one of the aliens put on a human as a second skin, but it’s worse than that. Effectively dead, Tony thinks, and shudders behind the steady facade of his armor. His working theory is that one of the embryos grew inside its human host and sort of…exploded outwards. The tentacles grew through the human’s arms, and the bug legs are protruding from the person’s flanks. The face still looks more like a hybrid, though, alien eyes and a jaw that opens too wide, a blue-grey tint to the whole thing, but still human enough to make his stomach roll.
Bruce slips away from Tony so he’s leaning against the wall of the elevator, blinking slowly at Tony like he’s confused as to how they got there. The feeling Tony gets looking at him isn’t betrayal either, but it’s—something. If he had to hazard a guess, Tony might say abandonment. Which he recognizes as ridiculous, thank you very much, since he’s not
“What he means to say is that he’s building you a new arm,” Sam says. “And what you meant to say, I’m sure, was
princess of Wakanda,” Tony corrects. “I owe her—damn, something nicer than a fruit basket. What can I send the genius princess of Wakanda that’s nicer than a fruit basket but not creepy?”
There are people sitting on every surface available. Natasha and Bucky are on the loveseat along the far wall; Wanda, Scott, and Sam are on the first couch, and Clint’s sitting on the arm, leaning against Wanda; Vision and Bruce are on one of the loveseats, heads bent close together and absorbed in conversation, though Vis looks up and smiles briefly at Tony; Thor’s on the floor next to Bruce’s feet, his back leaning against the arm of the loveseat.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Green, boss,” FRIDAY says, unprompted. Tony’s proud somewhere underneath all the relief; she's a faster learner than JARVIS was at the beginning, but then again, she was born into a bigger shitshow. He pulls the blueberries closer and starts fixing his plate.
Tony snorts.
“Ah,” Sam says, nodding. “So you have been living here.”
And then Tony gets the tablet back in hand and pulls up some of the specs he’s worked out based on Shuri’s notes. Even though Bruce looks exhausted and doesn’t pick his head up all the way, he does roll it on his neck until his cheek is smushed against one of his arms and at least one eye is free to look at the screen as Tony explains it to him.
Tony laughs. “Of course that’s what you remember, you weirdo.”
Tony sighs. The thirty percent is the probability for success at which FRIDAY will take over the suit in the event of Tony’s imminent death. In other words, if Tony gets hit too badly but there’s a thirty percent or higher chance that Iron Man can still contribute to a successful mission outcome, FRIDAY will take control of the armor. The specifics depend on the situation: probabilities and subprotocols for where Tony himself is put, who’s notified and when, etc.
“—but I swear to God, Tony—”
“Of course you do,” she says, smiling again, but it’s weaker this time, doesn’t get rid of the crease in her brow.
“A perfectly reasonable time for people to be awake,” he comments.
“I have a heart condition,” Tony says, clutching at his chest. Bruce, the bastard, just snores louder and squirms to find a comfortable position against the counter. His neck’s going to be killing him later and Tony’s not going to feel bad about it at all.
“Oh, please,” Tony says. “I told FRIDAY to let through anything that sounded like an emergency.”
“Actually,” Steve says, “it is.” Pepper’s shoulders pull back even farther. “It’s in a contract somewhere. I’m entitled to the medical information of anyone on the current roster when it’s liable to interfere with the team.”
“I never knew,” he says slowly, thinking of how much he shouldn’t be confessing this, “how much pain I was in until I wasn’t.”
“I hope you know,” Clint says, “next time you’re in the field? You’ll be wearing two inches of sparring foam around that thick skull of yours, Cap.”
Steve swallows. Rhodey maneuvers his legs up and around onto a second chair. Eyes drooping, he looks towards Bucky for barely a second before shutting them completely.
Standing in front of the elevator, Tony shakes himself out, each leg and his arms, ends it with a head roll, and goes to his room. When he gets there, he stands in the middle, not sure what to do with himself. As much as he knows it’s not a reliable way to gather data, he focuses on how he feels. He doesn’t think he’s in any way fundamentally different from how he was just days ago, but then again, would he really be able to tell? He does feel different, but maybe only superficially?
almost the entire time.
“Feds are on their way,” Bruce says over the comm, and Tony vaguely registers Clint and Wanda flying down to the ground on a field of red energy.
And then there’s Natasha, stalking down the hallway straight for them. Some of Bucky’s humor fades away and Bruce’s eyes go a little hard. Steve tries to take another breath and it comes out as a sigh. Nat brushes right past the both of them, though, and gets a hand on Steve’s shoulder. At first Steve thinks she’s going to ask for an update or give him some bad news, but she peels his torso away from the wall so she can get a look at his back.
“Yep,” Tony says, and he would be amused by just how flustered Steve looks if he wasn’t so off-balance already.
what the hell are you still awake for?”
“No,” Natasha says evenly. “Given the choice, I don’t think half of us would go in for it, and I think that’s part of the problem.”
“Oh, my God,” he mutters, mostly to himself as far as Tony can tell.
“You sure have a funny way of showing it, Cap.”
“That is,” Rhodey pauses, blows out a breath, “not what I meant at all, and you know it. And, to be entirely honest with you? I think you’re severely overlooking the part of this scenario where you have just as much power to hurt him as he does to hurt you.”
“It’s a date,” Tony says.
Wanda shrugs carelessly, and Tony chooses to read it as a concession.
This, Tony realizes, is about the time to bullshit his way out of this conversation or, hell, even just figure out why his girl called in the first place.  The silence goes on a beat too long before Tony finally opens his mouth.
“So,” Steve says after a couple minutes of picking at leaves and watching the horizon. “How’s it going with everyone else so far?”
“Cap,” Tony says, “I’ve got a bad feeling about this.”
Tony knows he’s making this more difficult than it needs to be, that it’s like pulling teeth to get him to admit when he’s discomforted by another person. Even alluding to the fact brings something like Howard’s voice to life in Tony’s head.
“Of course,” he says, “I grew up there. Where—Steve, where did you think I was from?”
“No,” Clint says in exasperation. Stops himself. Starts again, only slightly more reigned in, “That’s not the point.”
“I,” Tony says. He laughs once. "God, you're gonna find this hilarious. Sort of? I mean, there’s something, but not a single kiss. Yet.”
Rhodey seems to have caught on that Tony’s not answering the phone, but that texts are fine. That’s a godsend because Rhodey doesn’t even require word-based texts. So Rhodey sends out a text every once in a while (every couple of days?) and all Tony has to do is send an emoji or two his way and they’re good. The purpose of Rhodey’s texts aren’t for information. If they spoke at all it would be comforting-if-ultimately-meaningless banter. It’s all just leftover guilt from the palladium thing and the Mandarin thing, so Rhodey has a habit of making sure Tony’s still alive, especially if Tony’s not around anyone else. Now that he’s given himself away by sending parts of the braces up to NYC instead of just dropping by himself, Rhodey’s either figured out that Tony’s gone AWOL or he’s spoken to someone up at the compound. If Tony had to guess, he’d say that either Sam or Vision tattled on him. But that’s fine, because this is Rhodey, and if Rhodey tore the earth apart and lost his mind every time Tony was acting strangely, the man wouldn’t have made it out of MIT in one piece. They have an
“FRIDAY,” Tony says, staring down at Steve, the way his eyes are scrunched up and the way his nose is wrinkled against the dust he’s breathing in, “lock the joints.”
“It’s probably fine,” Tony rationalizes, because it probably is, and he feels somehow even more like a doofus with Steve trying to validate Tony’s unease over what’s likely most definitely nothing.
Tony catches Clint’s eye as he pops a bite into his mouth and grins the most shit-eating grin he can conjure. There’s no sick churning in his stomach for accepting this food. It’s from Vision, who…might give him food poisoning on accident, but wouldn’t hurt him on purpose, Tony’s pretty sure.
She pulls back, out of his arms and steps away, watching his face again.
and suddenly his stool’s tipping over and he’s scrambling so he doesn’t fall on his face. In that moment, his grief for JARVIS crashes into him full force, even though Vision’s right upstairs, even though he has FRIDAY now to help him out, even though he has U and DUM-E here in the shop, even though the entire team has returned, plus some, even though Pepper and Rhodey are still alive, and Peter’s safe in his little apartment in Queens with his aunt, and—and just how much can Tony want out of life? This is so much more than he should be able to have anyway, so much more than he ever expected—just how
“Welcome to the party,” Tony says wryly.
“Probably,” Bruce says, lifting his head again.
“A word of advice, Captain,” Rhodey says, and he takes a step forward, finger pointing right in Steve’s face, “if you want Tony to talk to you again, ever, he—” Rhodey switches to pointing at Bucky, “—doesn’t step foot beyond that door.”
For a couple seconds Tony thinks that maybe they actually did fix the whole agony problem. Only for a couple seconds, though. Whichever subprotocol this is, Tony knows that part of the deal is that his speakers are off. He’s secure enough in that knowledge that he gives in, groans low in his throat when the tingling turns to more. At the end of it, when his lungs are empty, he gasps, and tries to curl in on himself. It doesn’t work, of course, FRIDAY’s still in control of the suit.
“See?” Tony says. “That’s not nearly as nice. Nothing to soften the blow. Not even a little white lie.”
He can see it now, the Avengers all burning with righteous fury, scowling, demanding
“She texted me.” Tony could almost hear the smile in Steve’s voice.
“You’re a superstar, Nat,” Tony says.
“Come on, guys,” he says through the suit’s speakers, hovering a dozen feet in the air and drawing their attention away from a woman and her Dalmatian. “You destroy a piece of fine American culture like this and my CEO will have my head.”
He’s broken out of his reverie when a plate of waffles is set at one elbow and a platter of fresh fruit at the other. He twists in his chair, but the kitchen’s still a flurry of activity. There’s no telling who it was that served or made the food, and that…bothers him, more than it rationally should.
His eyes catch on the scissors again, and he slows his fidgeting to a stop. He wonders what else…
“Mr. Stark!”
“I’m working on it,” Tony says instead, which doesn’t even answer the question. Steve nods anyway, and Tony turns to duck through the door toward the conference room.
He looks at it anyway.
Peter splutters as his brain apparently short-circuits under the strain of Captain America’s gratitude.)
“Who?” Steve asks.
Tony hums acknowledgment, focusing on pinpointing the sound.
Tony smiles, swings a hand up to squeeze Steve’s neck and pull him forward, away from the counter.
“No entry beyond this point, Captain,” the woman says. She’s dressed unassumingly but Steve can see the outline of her tac-gear under her civvies. “The doctors need to run some tests.”
“I think,” Sam says, “I speak for everyone when I say it’s good to see you up and about.”
Tony isn’t going to say he’s a better person when he and Steve are on the same side because he’s pretty confident in his own moral compass, but—
Since when does he need approval? He’d thought he was being mature these days, so why does this feel like a defeat? It’s one thing to check with his team before acting on their behalf or doing something that affects them, but since when does that include every personal decision?
“Warn a guy,” Tony says, but it’s an old argument.
“Oh, boy, I know,” Tony agrees wholeheartedly. “I’m fucked, right?”
“Oh, please,” Tony says. “You’ll gripe like you always do, but really. We’ll get Thor to bring some of that mead. Even you’ll have to have fun.”
There’s a certain stillness: Bruce, Wanda, Scott, and Bucky, quiet and watchful, distrustful almost. Surprisingly, it’s Scott who speaks up first.
You don’t call people cute unless you’re a goner.”
“Hey, don’t you guys look a little familiar?” Tony asks, because—huh. They do, in a weird way. Not their metal faces, of course, but the style of their robes, the way the joints move…
“You got it, kitttycat,” Tony says around his tears of laughter. He likes this one.
“Enough?” Steve says, pure incredulity. “There’s more than enough. Do you really have no concept of how much people normally eat?”
“It’s—common sense, man,” Sam says. “Are you tellin’ me this isn’t how the Avengers was being run before? Except for the therapy thing, of course. I know none of you have had half as much therapy as you need.”
“See, Daddy?” Cassie says from the tablet. “Iron Man eats his pancakes just like me.”
Steve to come in, more than almost anything. He wants it with the same corner of his brain that asked for Steve at the gala, but the rest of him, the part of him that feels like he’s vibrating out of his skin, that feels on edge and wrong, recognizes that it probably wouldn’t end well. He wants contact, wants to be anchored, but doesn’t know where he stands with Steve right now, in the light of day, and Steve looks just as unsure as Tony feels. Besides, it’s a tossup of whether Tony would actually feel anchored or if it would feel more like held down, trapped.
“Tony.” And of course Steve hadn’t left, even when he told everyone else to. Of course he was still there, and that was his hoodie around Tony’s shoulders, wasn’t it, the hood pulled up over his head. “Okay?”
“The second one.”
Steve leads them to Tony’s room where he crowds Tony against the dresser to kiss him. One of the knobs presses into the small of his back, but he pulls Steve against him harder anyway. Even that goes on for a while before Tony remembers himself and nudges until Steve lets himself be manhandled to the bed, and then Tony’s straddling his hips, hovering over Steve, and that’s amazing, that’s
Instead of letting the moment become heavy, Tony makes a mental note to ask Bucky for embarrassing stories of tiny Steve.
“Ah,” Tony says. And then, “I might’ve overreacted.”
“Damn,” Sam says, “really?”
“SHIELD wasn’t perfect for obvious reasons,” Natasha adds, sounding so much more like herself. “Distinct lack of vacation days, too. But the dental plans were killer and the psychologists were good at what they did.”
“Open the faceplate,” Steve says.
“You were part of that second wave of Avengers for a good chunk of time, Eagle Scout,” Tony says, and his lips curl up even as his forehead creases. He can’t help some of the bitterness creeping through: if the solutions are so
“Alright then, Cap,” Tony repeats, because he can’t really fathom coming up with something new to say at the moment, “what’s the game plan?”
“‘Kay,” he said, and some of the tension bled out of him. He felt drunk without the buzz. Just out of his element and sloppy and embarrassing. Steve settled his hand on the back of Tony’s neck and squeezed, just enough pressure to be comforting and grounding.
“No,” Bruce says again, but he also stands when Tony tugs on his arm, so he just rolls his eyes and ignores it.
“—never meant to drive you away like—”
“When Prometheus stole fire and smuggled it to the humans,” Steve continues and—oh, Tony remembers this story now, “and Zeus found out, he sent him to be punished for all eternity. Aquila was the eagle that tortured him all day, and let him heal every night, just to do the same thing the next day.”
“We made Indian food!” Clint crowed, and Tony grimaced.
“We’re taking breakfast requests,” he says. Thor hums and regards them again before picking up his book and looking back down.
“You know…What the fuck, Barton, you know Nat and I got the pardons pushed through a month ago. We were planning on bringing you back.”
“They don’t expect any complications,” Natasha says. Another scream comes from the hallway, but it’s short, bitten-off. Natasha grimaces, hunches over a little.
“Did you now?” Tony says.
He’s working on picking his battles, though.
“I hate vanilla,” Steve says petulantly—god, the man’s even pouting. It just sets Tony off again.
The space of the lab is, admittedly, a bit of a mess right now. Parts of projects are lying around from before the fight in Chicago, from before he ran away to Malibu. He keeps meaning to ask FRIDAY what he was doing with the bundle of wires on the center-South table, because he knows she’ll know, but he just hasn’t quite gotten to it yet. Soon, though, now that his armor is combat-ready again, and now that Bucky will have an arm, and now that Extremis is at least on its way to finding an even keel.
“Whaddaya mean?” Tony rests his elbow on Steve’s shoulder because he can from this position, slightly elevated, and Steve leans his head against Tony’s arm briefly. He feels sun-warm and like he’s on solid ground here, with Steve, as an equal. Like Tony’s problems are Steve’s problems, are the team’s problems, like he doesn’t have to rail against them alone.
“Yes,” he puts his hands up and makes a frame like he’s a director on set, looking straight at the king, “but, you see. If I want the Avengers to stay together, all on the same continent even, I need Steve.” He drops his hands and smiles helplessly at T’Challa. “And if I want Steve, I need Bucky, and if I unfreeze Bucky without Rogers there, I’ll get thrown through a window.”
Steve hands him a Gatorade first, and then snuggles up to him on the couch. Pizza maybe isn’t the best choice of food right now, but Tony needs calories first and foremost—Steve doesn’t even want to know the last time he ate—and Steve can always get real food after Tony’s slept.
“Nope,” Steve says. “This isn’t one of those things you have to be sorry for. I’m happy to help.”
"I'll drive back," Tony decides, even though he technically has places to store his cars in the city.
“Feel free to call,” Tony says. Steve wishes he could help the hope that blooms in his chest at that, the expansion is almost painful, and Steve knows this never ends well for him. “Or text. Phones work both ways these days, you know.”
“Yeah well now you look better.” Rhodey says it like it explains everything. Tony thinks it might.
(life update in case anyone's keeping up: i drove halfway across the country, moved in, and had my first day of classes today. i'm currently at work, but it's 9pm and there's hardly anybody at the library, so here i am)
“I mean,” Sam says, “he’s pretty torn up recently, to be honest. But it’s not new—maybe since they put Bucky under, but I’m guessing it was earlier. Look, man, I really don’t know how much I should be telling you here. This isn’t my shit to tell.”
Clint's completely crashed now too. He gets wheeled off on the next gurney. Natasha helps Sam hobble down the ramp and Steve half drags Bruce inside. Eventually security stops them.
that proves he doesn’t really get what Tony’s trying to say.
Three floors to go, Tony turns, rather abruptly, one hand on Steve’s hip, and another on his face, pressing him into the wall and kissing him soundly. FRIDAY chimes half a second before the doors slide open, and Tony pulls away, waltzing out into the small crowd of his teammates, grinning like the cat that got the canary, hands in his pockets.
“Exactly,” he says, fervent.
He feels—something, everything. He wants to step forward but doesn’t know how. It feels impossible, in the worst way. Steve’s jaw is clenched, a desperately sad kind of anger. He looks like he’s ready for Tony to slap him.
“Hey, whoa,” he says quietly. He reaches out and Tony melts into the hug, head in the crook of Steve’s neck and taking such deep breaths that Steve knows he’s crying for real now. “We’ll figure this out, okay?”
“It was fine,” Rhodey says. “Rogers gritted his teeth and played nice.”
checking in on
“Tony?”
“There something on my face?” Steve says. He finishes balling up the wrapper for his second energy bar and cuts his gaze to Bucky. Sadly, Bucky doesn’t play along.
“Hey, Sam-Sam the dragon man,” Tony says down the receiver.
“Coward!” Rhodey calls after him, still holding Tony’s favorite mug even though he’s been complaining constantly about how much sugar Tony uses, like they haven’t known each other for a couple decades, like Tony’s coffee hasn’t always been like that.
“I’m telling Pepper you said that.” Tony loves deflecting, really, it’s his favorite thing to do.
“You really think that—”
“She still left, though,” Bruce says. “Even though she agreed with you, she still left. It doesn’t matter what she feels or doesn’t feel for me, what I feel or don’t feel for her. She’ll still push me off a cliff at the end of the day.”
