With those words John’s eyes shot back open. He looked over at Sherlock, whose expression had gone a bit sheepish. Well that was new information that John fully intended to exploit. Suddenly he flipped Clem onto her back. Lifting her legs to his shoulders he continued fucking her with barely a pause.
Eventually, the head kisses became more than just goodnight occurrences. They became the standard goodbye. As John darted out of the flat for work he would pause briefly and lay a quick kiss to Sherlock’s curls. They never talked about the kisses either. Eventually they became as common place as the touches.
At those words Sherlock descended upon her, scooping her fragile frame into his arms and laying her back down on the bed. He tenderly wrapped his limbs around her, careful not to cause her pain. Quietly she wept and he stroked her hair.
Clem just sighed. “No, but I do the laundry anyway so this actually saves me from going to his room to get it.”
“You, Sherlock Holmes, are my life. Or rather, my life is yours. You have saved it so many times in so many ways there is no one else it could possibly belong to.”
John tugged gently at his waistcoat and ran his hand down the tails of his jacket. The pants were too high in his opinion, adding to the flightless-bird look. His hair was slicked back and parted sharply at the side, the blond nearly as white as his bow tie. His mustache elegantly waxed, combed, and curled. He looked rich. He felt ridiculous.
John leaned over to assess the man’s condition, but he was already stumbling up. He was a bit wobbly on his feet for a moment, then pinned John with a measured stare.
Sherlock mewled at the implication. He had never taken naughty pictures before, and while he was sure John would angle it in such a way that there were no identifying features, his stomach swooped at the thought of being caught.
He felt the delicate lines of her throat, flicked a thumb over a hardening nipple, and splayed his palm on her stomach before reaching the waistline of her jeans. They were snogging fiercely at this point. Their kisses desperate, tongues darting out for needy tastes. Slowly he popped the button of her jeans from its eyelet and eased her flies down.
The Brick fell back solidly, unmoving. Sherlock stood in center ring, triumphant. For a moment the crowd had lost the ability to speak. John had forgotten how to even breathe. Then, washing over him like a tidal wave, a roar sounded across the room.
She felt like a homeless drifter, living out of bags and crashing on random people’s couches. The only difference, she thought, was that it was the same random person’s couch and the bags had eventually turned into a small chest of drawers.
He stared at his feet for a moment. Then, as if making a final decision, straightened his posture and looked up. It was clear he was attempting an unaffected air as he stiffened his lower lip. The plump pink flesh turned up in more of a quivering pout than a resolute stiffness; a move that made him look more vulnerable than anything. John wanted to kiss those lips. It was only now that he realized, through some cruel miracle, he had managed to fuck the man senseless, but failed to taste those beautiful lips. This just couldn’t be.
“Well, here’s the thing. Sherlock’s brother works for the British government. Hell, he practically is the British government. I doubt you want to rouse his attentions. Probably wouldn’t be good for business.” Clem warned. Victor just scoffed.
“Johnny boy!! What are you doing here? Come to dance with your big sis?” Her words were heavy and loud, slurred with alcohol.
But he couldn’t shake the stabbing pain in his stomach knowing what John was doing that evening. Sherlock picked up his phone and dialed.
After the morning romp in the kitchen the three lovers needed a moment to collect themselves. Clementine was completely wrecked, leaning against the counter watching the erotic display unfold before her eyes. She had to return to the bedroom to change her now dripping wet panties. Sherlock, after gathering himself from the table retreated to the bathroom for a shower.
Fortunately the man was not too unpleasant to speak with. He listened politely as the man pontificated on the nitty gritty of private practice and the intricacies of modern day surgical advancements. John weighed in here and there, resolutely avoiding mention of his military service. It often prompted questions he would rather not answer.
And this gorgeous, delectable treat was all wrapped up in pink lace. It was more than John could stand.
“It doesn’t seem wise to threaten the security of your parent’s fortune does it?” She continued. “Mummy and daddy would be none too happy about you damaging their financial security would they?”
“We didn’t get into trouble. We weren’t friends.” Sherlock husked out, answering an unasked question.
“You’re hurt.” He began. “For that I forgive you. I do not need to defend my feelings for Clementine, least of all to you. I die a little more each time you come in here and demand I relive every detail of the worst day of my life. Please, brother, stop.”
Sherlock shivered under the attentions, gripping onto John’s shoulders to keep himself standing. As John began to kiss down his chest, tongue darting dangerously close to those erect nipples, Sherlock gasped the question that had hit him the moment he opened the door.
As Victor spoke Clem retrieved a cell phone from her pocket, pressed a few buttons, and held it up to her ear.
“You can take it Sherlock. You’re so fucking sexy when you are getting fucked. It makes me so wet,” Clementine purred. John could see that she was fucking herself hard and deep, the hand that once played with her tits had slid south to rub against her clit.
Clementine was standing in the doorway to the hall off the kitchen in nothing but a pair of cotton briefs and a tank top. She had visibly relaxed from her pervious state and John took a moment to drink her in.
Instead she told him stories of Sherlock’s awkward phases. His braces and thick glasses at the end of primary school. That year he refused to wear anything but black. How they used to spend hours in the library not actually studying, but just being away from their families.
Mycroft put his tea back on the tray and straightened his posture, bringing his eyes to meet Clementine’s.
“As I got older I promised myself that I would never be that weak and selfish again,” John said as a way of closing.
John growled in approval and picked up the pace of his thrusts. Clem was lost in the pleasure as he hit deeper and deeper inside her.
This went on for months until it had been just over a year since that first day Sherlock decided to lay a hand on the small of John’s back. At the time he had been nervous to make such a bold move. He had wanted to give something extra, something special to John for being the kind, brave man that he was, but Sherlock wasn’t sure that John would be receptive. His nerves in that moment seemed almost silly compared to the current situation he found himself in: sitting on the couch with a lap full of army doctor, an erection very clearly digging into his own matching erection.
“I’m the only one who can.” This earned her a confused look from the pair of adults. “The goal isn’t just to get Sherlock out of the drug den. The goal is to get him to come home and stay home. Clearly you have not been able to do that yet.” Her statement sobers Mycroft and stops him from interrupting. “He trusts me. He will come with me willingly—”
She extended her gloved hand. John grasped it and kissed it lightly. Miss Adler hooked her arm in his and lead John around the room. It was as if she could sense his nervousness and was set on putting him at ease. She spoke in a low voice, naming all the attendants and their stations.
With an audible growl, John removed his hand from Sherlock, pausing briefly to spread Sherlock’s cheeks, giving Clementine a gorgeous view of his slick stretched hole.
John bent over farther, trying to give Sherlock easier access. When he found John’s hole he circled it gently. John whimpered.
“So what are you crazy kids up to this evening then?” Mrs. Powers began washing the mixing bowls from her baking adventure.
Clementine, slowly turned to face the woman behind her. The pinched face, the glassy eyes, ready to spill tears, gripped her heart. But there was nothing for it, nothing she could do, not really. So she dropped the blanket on the floor and headed to the bathroom.
“Well at the moment it is mostly because I am finished with my studies in a few months and I am not sure where I will end up after. I’m not even sure I’ll get to stay in London. It wouldn’t be good to get attached to anyone…romantically.”
“Brother mine.” A third voice joined the ill begotten party in the library. It was Sherlock’s older brother.
“You can’t be in here.” Clementine’s voice matched that of the little boy. It wasn’t angry. It was terrified and pleading.
Slowly, with extreme effort, Sherlock opened his eyes to find John’s face wrecked with pleasure, staring imploringly at him. They locked eyes as John sped up his strokes.
“Don’t be daft. This weather is tedious, John.” Sherlock pressed a soft kiss to his clavicle and nuzzled deeper. John brushed his lips across the crown of curls on Sherlock’s head.
But it was over way too soon. Sweet sounds turned into desperate gasps that crescendoed to a powerful shout of pleasure. Sherlock’s body nearly snapped his body in two with the full force of his orgasm. John stroked him through it, lulling him down from his climax.
“Sebastian, Clementine, and I were playing a game of hid and seek. I was hiding behind the curtain. Clementine was hiding in the chair. An appalling hiding spot if you ask me, but mummy always told me to speak kindly to our hosts, so I said nothing. Needless to say Seb found Clementine immediately, but he became upset when she refused to tell him where I was hiding. He yelled at her and stormed out of the room. That is when I presume he came to you with his fabrication of the events. He was trying to get her in trouble.”
Sherlock slapped John’s other ass cheek and gave a few quick thrusts of his fingers before adding a third.
He kissed and lapped at her while she writhed and moan on the bed. By this point John had grabbed his prick and was stroking it back to attention. His hand stopped mid stroke when Sherlock came up for air and fixed him with a heated stare. While it was true Sherlock had never done this before he was quite confident in his capabilities. He knew more about what Clementine liked than even she did. He had seen it done so many times and so many ways that surely it wouldn’t be difficult to execute.
They never talked about the touches. Gradually, they became everyday occurrences, almost a routine. John would make tea and toast for them in the morning. Sherlock would glide around him, hand on the small of John’s back whenever he was close enough to reach. They took turns brushing their teeth in the bathroom. Sherlock would guide John out of the way with a soft hand and a push on his hip. Sherlock would then settle into an experiment at the kitchen table or research at his desk. John would come say goodbye before he left for work, running his hand gently, but firmly over Sherlock’s shoulder and upper back.
They did know it. So eventually, with much trepidation, they agreed to let Clem go in after him. In addition to a wire, Mycroft insisted that she also wear a camera and a mic. He surrounded the house with agents and even planted a few inside, posing as junkies. They located Sherlock in the building so Clem knew right where to go.
John continued to fuck him as his orgasm crested, hot ropes of cum splashing across his chest. Then John bounced him once, twice more on his cock before slamming into him and cumming himself.
Without discussion as to who will sleep where Clementine climbed into the bed and right into Sherlock’s arms. He pulled her close to his chest and ran his hands through her hair. John climbed in behind Sherlock and tucked himself to the man’s back, draping a hand over his waist. In this position his fingertips could brush along the small of Clementine’s back.
John ran his fingers along the seam of Clem’s lace undies. She pushed back into him, but continued to look through her scope and take notes in her book.
“No. I’m not homophobic and I don’t have any need to be the center of attention. I’m just happy to be invited to the party.”
“I can assure you, Sherlock, I am not your enemy. I am here out of concern for your safety. Where did you go tonight? Did you take anything?”
The train pulled into the station and people started to shuffle around. He watched as another soldier hugged her children and he felt selfish. He had done this to them. He was here, alone, because he was a selfish bastard. Clem was dead because he was a coward. Sherlock hated him because of course he hated him. John slung his bag over his shoulder and walked toward the train.
“John, meet my roommate Sherlock.” Clementine gestured to a tall man standing in an archway that appeared to lead to a kitchen. His features were sharp, his skin pale as Clementine’s and hair just as dark. His eyes however, shown an otherworldly shade of blue green. He was wearing a smart suit, with his shirt undone around the collar. Bit odd for around midnight on a Friday night. Bit odd for sitting in your kitchen alone actually. John didn’t really know what to think.
It was some time before he was able to gather himself enough to go to Barts and identify the body with Ms. Hudson, Sherlock, and Mycroft. It took every ounce of his strength to stand straight up. He gripped Sherlock’s hand. It felt like the only thing tethering him to the earth.
Sherlock’s legs began to wobble. He began to collapse. But John was there. He grabbed tightly to Sherlock’s elbow, throwing an arm around the other man’s waist. They turned back toward the window, where the mortician had been unwrapping the dressing.
Suddenly, though, John raised him up from the chair and bent him over the table, his hand planted firmly between Sherlock’s shoulder blades. John kicked Sherlock’s legs apart and softly ran his hand over the plump ass so deviously presented to him.
Sherlock’s head dropped back and the hand caressing John’s face grabbed desperately at the back of the other man’s neck, trying to steady himself. John rocked again, a deep rumbling moan escaping his lips. Sherlock began rapid construction on a new wing in his mind palace. He needed to document and store every sound like that to ever escape John Watson’s lips.
Frank Wheeler, the resident of 221B Baker Street, was an older gentleman with a smattering of white hair across a mostly balding head. He was a lecturer from the London School of Economics, though he did not actually teach economics, he taught English. The box, Clementine assumed by the loud thunk it gave when hitting the floor, was full of books.
“Yes. The fact that the phone is a hand-me-down is easy. The phone is banged up, scratched. You even allowed it to be tossed to the floor. Not the way the man before me would treat a luxury item. So it has had a previous owner.”
The hand on Clementine’s waist slid down to ruck-up the skirt. His other hand remained across her chest and had resumed massaging her now exposed breast.
The man stalked toward him slowly, puffing on his pipe, wisps of smoke curling around his slick black hair.
What unfolded before John’s eyes was a delicate, but brutal dance. The Brick was forceful, but The Spy was quick. Punches landed to faces, to ribs, to shoulders. Each man took their beating and kept dancing.
Clementine groaned and stomped petulantly to the door. She just wanted to curl up on her couch and not talk to anyone. It was probably Mr. Wheeler anyway, wanting tape, or food, or cleaning supplies. She had better things to be doing with her time, like napping.
At these words Sherlock tore his hand from John’s hair and sidestepped him, ducking quickly to grab his towel, wrapping it back around his waist. John leapt to his feet, chasing Sherlock. The other man’s posture gave a clear sign, though.
Clementine hadn’t actually been listening to the woman’s advice. She was staring at a poster on the wall of a waterfall. What an odd thing to have in a surgery. Did they actually think that was soothing? The thought was ridiculous.
I hope to finally finish the work during this quarantine. I have a other chapters done and ready to post. It's almost there!
With those words Harry vomited violently, the sick splashing on the ground, speckling her companions shoes and trousers and soaking her own shoes, then completely collapsed.
Greg seemed desperate for what Sherlock could tell him, as if he knew less than John. Lestrad was a detective inspector now.
“Fuuuuck,” she moaned, “He fucks nice and deep and hard. God he can go forever.” Her head sagged as John shifted his hips and began pounding on her g-spot. “Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Yeeeeessss!”
Clementine had been raised with manners and was adept at executing them in the most hostile and stressful of situations. It was mere reflex to dispense formalities at this point. She gave another small smile and scooted into her apartment. Well, not hers.
John, ever the man’s man, simply put his boxers and t-shirt back on and sat at the table. He had just finished brewing a second cup of tea and opening a newspaper when the front door of the flat opened.
“Don’t leave me,” she whispered, her voice tinged with a kind of desperation that spoke of something other than desire.
Sherlock had gripped the back of the chair and planted his feet on the floor for leverage as he thoroughly fucked John into that chair.
When she joined her Aunt at the table for tea a plate of scones was placed in front of her. They were her mother’s scones. Her favorite.
“Honey,” Ms. Hudson interjects solemnly, “If he is on these drugs that may not matter. These things rob you of the very things that make you…you. He may not be the friend you remember.”
The crowd was pulsing with excitement. The room hot with anticipation. John removed his hat and shoved it in his back pocket. A few tendrils of his slick hair falling in his face as he cheered every strike The Spy landed.
If he was being honest with himself he should have done this a long time ago. He wasn’t sure exactly when his feelings for the pair had shifted, but somewhere along the line they had. Their relationship had gone from the most beneficial friends-with-benefits arrangement he had ever had to a peaceful, contented and exclusive relationship.
“What do you mean ‘didn’t have to leave.’” Sherlock eyed him suspiciously, John sensing a hint of anger and fright in his voice. He held up his hands in a placating gesture and took a step back.
John had figured him out, had learned his secret. Sherlock had taken to watching Clementine have sex because he was too afraid to do it himself. He wanted to, he had all manner of sexual thoughts. He knew the mechanics, touched himself on a regular basis, but he couldn’t bring himself to be aroused in another person’s presence without her. He hated to admit it, but she was his protector. He knew that she would never let anything happen to him. Would never let anyone do anything to him he didn’t want.
I'm back with more smutty goodness! Sorry my computer has been on the fritz lately and I'm not the kind of person who can type that much on a phone.
He had finally finished his last exam and was itching to see his lovers. He wanted to hear their voices, touch their skin, kiss their lips. He grabbed a cab for the short distance, knowing he couldn’t run fast enough. No time to stop for take-away. They could order delivery.
“John Watson you are a wicked man,” he purred and wrapped his arms around his shoulders, diving in for another desperate kiss.
John was sure they could see the confusion on his face. He took the final bite of his toast, trying to process what she meant.
After he finished, cock still in hand, he looked down at the two people below him. It was a tableau of debauchery. Their bodied flushed and glistening with sweat and cum. Their chests heaving. John’s heart began to swell. He was overwhelmed with the trust and vulnerability they had both shared with him. How had he, of all people, been allowed to share this experience with them? John knew at that moment that he would do anything to protect them.
He shuffled quickly outside before he could be captured in conversation by anyone else as the quartet struck up a tune and people moved to the dance floor. To his relief the balcony was empty. Leaning against the banister, he took out a pad of paper and pen from his coat pocket and peered out over the city. He sighed deeply.
As he moved into the crowd his awareness was flooded, the smell of dirt and sweat, the shouts of rowdy drunk men, the push and pull of warm bodies as he made his way through the crown. He was nearly drunk on the sensations.
“Oh yeah, that’s it right there. That’s what I wanted to see.” John groaned as the last remnants of Sherlock’s orgasm left his body. John’s cock was still throbbing hard inside Sherlock.
John’s filthy words spurred his companions into action. Sherlock descended on his prick with a ferocious desire. His hands and lips worked in concert to wring every last bit of pleasure from his body.
John had left because he thought he could see where things were headed. He cared for Sherlock and Clem. When he was really drunk, just before he forgot his own name, he would even admit to himself that he was falling in love with them.
With that he helped Sherlock to his feet and the three lovers walked back to the bedroom. They proceeded to slowly undress each other. Taking time to kiss and caress every inch of skin as it was revealed.
Clementine nodded, unsure what to say. Mr. Wheeler had always been a pleasant neighbor. He made little noise, save the heavy footfall up the stairs each evening. He rarely had guests and always had a smile. He charmed Aunt Martha and paid his rent on time. Still Clem could not bring herself to feel anything toward the man other than pure indifference.
“There are only two places an American solider could get a tan and a war wound at the same time: Cuba or the Philippines. Though I must say, what you are doing working for the society pages instead of running your own medical practice is beyond me.”
Suddenly he pulled his hands from her pants and wrists and wrapped his arms around her. Bodily he grabbed her by the bum hoisting her up. She let out a slight squeak wrapping her arms around his shoulders and her legs around his waist. He carried her to the bed practically throwing her down.
John ran out of the kitchen and back into the bedroom, where Sherlock still lay strewn over the bed completely undisturbed. After quickly pulling on his pants, John leaned over Sherlock and gently kissed his face.
Still Clem read on, unknowing. She didn’t hear the footsteps on the stairs either. It wasn’t until her bedroom door flew open that she looked up from the pages.
John wrapped his arms tight around Sherlock’s middle and rested his forehead between his shoulder blades.
He wanted so bad to ask her back to his place for the night, but it was just a hole-in-the-wall bedsit with a shared loo. He was also pretty sure the bug he had killed the other week was a roach. As he was calculating the probability that she would see his pathetic living conditions, turn tail and run Clementine leaned across the table and whispered in his ear.
“And what is wrong with a woman’s job?” Sarah fixed him with a level stare. John’s ears turned red with embarrassment.
Sherlock began bouncing up and down on his lap. John pulled Sherlock’s hips into his with every down beat, going as deep as he could.
“He’s been in the ring three times now, undefeated. He’s quick. Good at finding the weak spot. That’s why they call him The Spy. Nothing gets by that one.”
“No.” Retorted Clem. “He was just sitting down for tea and you were just going to put some clothes on.”
There was something heavy weighing on Sherlock’s chest. He felt an oppressive warmth spread through his body. But there was also a sense of calm. In fact he couldn’t remember a time he had felt more at ease in his own body. Slowly he blinked his eyes open.
“No,” Sherlock said gripping the edge of the curtain. “You told me last time that this was a good hiding place. I saw Wilkes shortly after I arrived and ran in here to hide. You came in a few minutes later. So technically you followed me.”
Just then John felt a nudging at his hand. Clementine had handed him the bottle of lube and a condom from the bedroom. He paid her no mind as she returned to her place at the counter.
He was blushing now, staring at his hands as they twisted together on the table top. How could he say all manner of filthy things in the bedroom, but couldn't manage to say the word 'sex' in polite conversation? Clementine just smiled at him affectionately.
John floated from one unearthly scenario to the next. It was all at once surreal and familiar. So when he eventually found himself standing in an empty warehouse talking to Mycroft it was less of a shock than he expected it reasonably should have been.
“Did you hear that?” He whispered into her ear, making sure that Sherlock could hear. She nodded, a lascivious smile on her face. “We were both right.”
The next day was John’s day off. So in the morning the three companions were still together. Clementine had shifted onto her back in her sleep. Sherlock was wrapped around her, leg draped over her lower half, arm over her chest, and face buried in her shoulder. John was still behind Sherlock, but his arm was now clinging around his waist as if he were trying to pull the man into him. His head was resting in the nape of Sherlock’s neck.
He danced across the lab, taking in every detail he could. Nothing looked out of the ordinary. It almost seemed like someone just threw up some police tape and hoped no one would come in. Sherlock didn’t know where she had been found, but he saw no traces of a dead body. No chalk or taped outline. No vomit residue. Surely she would have been violently ill if she had inhaled toxic gas.
“I’m sorry doctor, but I believe all pertinent information was already collected upon check-in.” His voice was even, cool, emotionless. John winced.
As if to prove a point he brought his fingers to her dripping cunt, spreading her lips and exposing her clit to the cold air of the kitchen, before leaning in and sucking it into his mouth.
“So he had a tendency to upset the other kids by both demonstrating to and telling them how stupid they were. One day we were having a get together at my house and Sherlock had upset a group of kids. They were chasing him through the yard, but he managed to sneak into the house. I was alone in my room reading, I didn’t really like playing with the other kids.”
When John slowly slide inside of her Sherlock suddenly gripped the back of her neck and threw his head back with a gasp.
You’re probably still angry with me. Probably never want to hear from me again. I just wanted to write this letter and say how sorry I am for everything. You were right. It was all my fault. I was afraid and I ran. I was hurt and I came crawling back. I only ever thought of myself first and for that you and Clementine suffered. I can never forgive myself. Please believe me when I say that I loved her and I miss her every single day. I know what her and I had is nothing compared to the lifetime you two shared. I know that. But I did truly love her.
“I think someone here is a bit jealous of me right now.” John said circling his hips against her wet cunt. Clem threw her head back, hair cascading around her shoulders, and looked over to Sherlock. She gave John a wicked grin before undulating on top of him. He could feel the slick slide of her up and down his cock. John closed his eyes and lost himself in the sensation.
“I was just standing here,” she shouted. “YOU came up to ME! Like I would ever willingly talk to assholes like you!”
Okay so I totally used the RDJ Sherlock bare knuckle boxing scene as inspiration for this chapter. ;)
“It was always, ‘Mycroft go see after your brother.’ and ‘Mycroft, go make sure your brother isn’t causing trouble.’ And I did it. I did it because I love him. Someone had to look after him. Someone had to
“Do you want me to damage healthy skin and nerves? Do you want this to go on forever? Garrett hold her arm still!” He was shouting at this point. The stress of seeing his lover—no, she was no longer his lover—in such distress weighed heavy on his heart and nerves.
“I’m safe.” Sherlock heard Clementine’s voice ring beautifully through the phone. “But I need my boys.” This time her voice whined with a deep lust-filled need.
“John wants to cum.” Clem crooked her fingers ever so slightly inside John, brushing teasingly against his prostate before stilling.
“Sorry,” John spoke first, “I was just…um, yeah. I’m just gonna head out to work.” John gestured awkwardly toward the door.
John flipped on the torch app on Sherlock’s phone and set about following Clementine’s instructions.
She found Aunt Martha at the kitchen sink and kissed her cheek lovingly before setting her bag down at the table and sinking into a chair.
“I don’t give a fuck what she did.” John growled. He released Anderson from his grip, but was still poised to fight if anyone tried anything stupid.
“Sherlock isn’t my boyfriend,” she said. Then for some reason she added, “And he sure as hell isn’t straight.” The girl just smirked.
Standing next to her, a look of fierce anger on his face, long dark coat and blue scarf flung over a chair behind him, Sherlock gripped Clementine’s uninjured hand in both of his.
Then there were the times where John walked in on Sherlock in his mind palace. The first time John didn’t know what was going on. Sherlock lay there, hands steepled under his chin, on the couch, unresponsive. John was nearly frantic for a moment. Then Clementine had come home and told him all about the memory trick and that if he was going to stick around he better get used to Sherlock just forgetting he was even there.
Suddenly, Sherlock was on his knees. With lightning speed he had John’s trousers undone and cock pulled out.
Before they were torn apart by circumstances, when Clementine lived in fear and danger every day of her life, Sherlock would sometimes come over to find her curled in bed unwilling to play or talk.
Their lips never parted, but as soon as John settled into his lap and they pressed their bodies firmly together something became unavoidably apparent. Each man was not only sporting an aching erection, but those erections were pressed firmly into one another. Sherlock was no stranger to a John-Watson-caused hard on. They were a common occurrence while they were snogging or in the shower when Sherlock would touch himself or late at night in bed as he rutted against his mattress. But he had never made John aware of these incidents and certainly never presented his erections to John.
On this particular night they were engaged in just such an act. Sherlock was on his back, writhing against the bed, John was two fingers deep inside him rubbing teasingly against his prostate.
John was secure in his feelings for Sherlock and for the feelings that Sherlock had for him. There was no jealousy or overwhelming need to impress the other. It was the best relationship John had ever been in. They had always been friends and companions, but the romantic element of their relationship had strengthened these bonds. Before they were content keeping the other safe and enjoying their company, now they found joy in bringing each other happiness and enjoyment. They thrived off the delight and pleasure of the other.
After conversing with Stapelton for a while, John was approached by a small group of men anxious to talk business, just as Sarah had said. Ladies with their escorts approached him to introduce themselves. Some inquired about a dance, but John simply glanced at his cane and gave a resigned smile.
And now that woman, who held him so tenderly, who protected him and his own so fiercely sat in a hospital bed, IV in her right arm, gown loosely draped over her torso, tears streaking her face, while her injured arm sat propped on a small table.
John had lost all sense of reality. He was completely drunk on the pleasure of the moment. He stood there silently shivering with anticipation and longing.
“God no.” John chuckled. He couldn’t imagine it. He didn’t really know Sherlock that well. The one thing he knew was that he was an enigma of great proportions, who intrigued John to no end, but seemed to rub others up the wrong way.
“You were going to take that pill weren’t you?” John said, settling into his seat at the 24 hour Chinese restaurant he and Sherlock eventually ended up at.
“She burned her arm the other night. If this were really her, there would be bandages and burn wounds.”
The two men began rocking together. John would push down onto Sherlock, while Sherlock would thrust up into him. In short order both men were wild out of their minds with desire, salacious moans breaking through desperate kisses.
“Th-th-the last time I saw him was about a week ago. He crashed at my place a few nights. He, was—uh—he was really strung out.” Vic looked nervously between the two men. “L-l-listen. I don’t do that hard shit.” Another tight squeeze to the arm, this time with a slight twist. Victor yelped in pain. “I mean it! I-I know people who do, but—”
Sherlock interrupted John’s attentions to press fervent, devoted kisses to his lips. He nipped at the soft flesh of his mouth, indulging in the taste of the man above him.
But it was over now, as he knew it would be. Their family fractured, scattered to the wind and John alone once again. Trust issues. His therapist was full of shit. John knew how to trust. He just didn’t trust easily. He knew what happened when you trusted where you shouldn’t, trusted that things would workout. The only constant in this world was change and death. It was a fool’s errand to trust that things would be okay.
Why was John doing this? Why was he pretending like he was interested in a flat share with some med school professor that Mike worked with? Well, he supposed, it wasn’t that big of a deal. Plus, it might be nice to see Bart’s one last time. Meeting an inconsequential person didn’t matter. He could feign interest and then not show up to any plans that were made. It’s not like this stranger cared about him or what he did anyway.
When he stepped through the door of Baker Street a fist clenched in his stomach. It was practically the same. The dining room table was still covered in chemistry equipment. The books on the shelves had changed. It was a bit more cluttered, a bit dustier. There was a bull skull on the wall with headphones that hadn’t been there before. Different books and trinkets on the shelves. John couldn’t remember if the furniture was the exact same, but the composition sure had not changed, sofa, chairs, desks.
We have a new major for our company. His name is Sholto. James Sholto. Sorry, that kind of makes him sound like James Bond. He’s quite serious, though, almost overly so. But he’s also sharp as a tack and quick witted. He doesn’t suffer fools lightly and will put anyone in their place anytime they need putting. He reminds me a lot of you in so many ways, actually. Which is doubly funny because I’ve always seen you as a bit of a James Bond-esq figure. Tall, dark, handsome, smart, and pretty good in a fight I recon.
Sorry about that last letter. I don’t even know why I ended up sending it. Your first casualty out here is always hard (or at least that is what it felt like and what some other doctors have told me). There are two other doctors out here besides me, but I don’t usually get to talk to them all that much because we are on rotating shifts. It’s mostly my platoon and my hospital shift staff (including Brick, the pottery loving nurse…yes, his real name is Brick). He seems to be an expert at crying so maybe I should talk to him. Haha!
With one sweeping move, John pushed the pile of newspapers and petri dishes off the table, just narrowly avoiding the expensive-looking microscope. He then grabbed the other man around the waist and hoisted him onto the cleared surface.
Sherlock was not satisfied. He dashed from Barts, leaving everyone behind and headed to the lab. No one was around at the moment, but the lab had been taped off with police tape. Sherlock simply lifted it and went inside, making a beeline for Clem’s work station.
“This is John. I miss you and want you here with us, but more than anything, love, I want you safe.”
Then one of the curtain panels of the large window pulled back and a nest of dark curls peeked out from behind.
Instantly fingers threaded through his hair. He groaned his approval as he began to lap and lick with enthusiasm. He had always prided himself on being able to pleasure his partners with his oral skills, but this times the stakes seemed higher. He was concerned with her pleasure for certain, but he was ever conscious of the eyes on him, of giving a good show.
Without hesitation John brought his hand down on the round globes of Sherlock’s ass with a resounding smack. Sherlock howled in pleasure. John gripped each cheek roughly, still fucking up into him.
In what seemed like an instant, Sherlock had the lube and was dripping it all over John’s hole and his fingers.
John shouted with pleasure as he bottomed out in that gorgeous ass. Sherlock didn’t move at first. Just sat there trembling.
“Don’t worry,” the other responded. “Once the cartels figure out where the leak came from I don’t give him a year, tops. These guys don’t take too kindly to their personal information being left around unattended. He’s a walking dead man.”
“Be a dear and budge up onto the bed.” John coaxed, leading Clementine to the bed. “I want to fuck you just like Sherlock did. Would you like that?”
Clem reached out and put her arm around John. She pulled him down until his head was resting in her lap.
Sherlock did not falter a single time in his monologue. The words fell from his mouth as if it were the purest form of truth. Clementine stared at him in fear and anticipation, knowing that she would not be beaten in front of him, but unsure if his story would dissuade future punishments.
“I need to see him.” Clementine had turned to look the man in the eyes. Her bruised and battered face staring into his crisp sharp features. He stiffened fractionally.
John had been writing a series of reports on a rash of suicides among working class men. These deaths often saw widows and orphans sent to the almshouses. He had been to a few of these establishments himself. They stunk of human excrement and rotten flesh. He had seen the bodies of babies and the elderly thrown onto a cart for disposal. He had watched as young women picked apart rope until their fingers bled. Men dangling from a wall in chains. All for a roof and two small meals a day.
“Because guys don’t typically like it.” Clem said bluntly. “They don’t mind showing off, being watched, but when they feel like he’s participating it tends to put them off. Some because of a sense of homophobia and others out of jealousy that they are no longer the center of attention.”
London was a good place to be alone, though. It was a good place for things to not be okay. Nothing and no one in London was okay. It is where people went to disappear in the masses, alone in the crowd.
“Your father has my phone number if you should need to get ahold of myself or my wife. Please have an excellent time.”
Sherlock tightened his grip and quickened his pace. So did John. Clem buried her face in the bed to stifle her screams of pleasure. John and Sherlock were locked in a heated stare.
Still, John had become friendly with most of the people in his platoon. Despite his best efforts, over the years he grew attached to his section. They were on the smaller side, only eight total. When thrown into a group of practical strangers and then asked to put your life in their hands things don’t always go smoothly. With his section, though, it was no effort. Things clicked immediately. There was an ease to everything they did. Communication flowed freely. Priorities and incentives aligned naturally. Those first five years were the halcyon days. Yes, it was war. Yes, there were casualties, but their group remained intact, successfully carried out missions, saved lives, and fraternized in their down time. That group was John’s family.
“Clem! One of your little school friends is at the door!” She turned back to John who was still standing on the stoop.
It wasn’t a kiss per say. Their lips met, but it was more of a swipe, a bump, as Sherlock pursed his lips to speak. Completely unintentional, it caught both men off guard.
Clementine sat in the overstuffed chair in her room, peering out the window. The room was empty except for her bed, stripped to just the mattress and frame, and the chair. She curled in on herself, feet tucked underneath her body, arms wrapped around her shoulders. Her head leaned against the wing of the chair back.
His return greeting was a low drawn out moan as he felt long thick fingers slide deep into him. He watched as Clementine’s blouse slid from her shoulder, revealing a nearly see-through purple bra.
Then suddenly there were hands on the man’s shoulders and he was pulled violently back to the center of the ring.
“Well, this is a big house.” Clem said without flinching. “He must be somewhere else because he is not here. You should look around.”
Between the moment his day ended and the moment he drunk himself to amnesia, he had been thinking about the true meaning of Sherlock’s words. Their implication.
“What do you want? How do you want me to touch you?” John reached down and began languidly stroking the man on the table.
Sherlock stood there for a moment, allowing John to flounder and gape like a fish. He would be lying if he said he wasn’t slightly enjoying it. Finally John’s words returned.
Sherlock had taken many a nap on that couch, an old fake-leather piece that sat in a small room reserved for graduate chemistry students. Her skirt was hiked around her waist, legs spread wide, her dripping pussy exposed to the air of the room and Sherlock’s hungry gaze.
At this realization, Sherlock was determined to get home as soon as humanly possible. He barely bothered to grab his luggage, completely neglected to actually check out of his hotel, and definitely didn’t stick around to give any more statements to the police. They had what they needed. He dashed to make the soonest train back to London.
Sherlock finally spied the man. He was crouched, waiting, and hadn’t noticed Sherlock. Suddenly, in all of their bumbling glory, Lestrade and his group came crashing through the door. The man turned, noticed Sherlock and took off in a panic. Sherlock ran after him. He was running for the edge of the building.
John stood at the counter making his tea. Sherlock came up behind him, reaching for a mug in the cupboard above John’s head, and gently placed a hand on the small of his back. A gesture saying, “It’s me. Don’t worry. I’ll be done in a moment.” True to that statement, as quickly as his hand appeared it was gone and so was the tall lanky detective.
“Then why is that blouse still on? Hmm?” Sherlock could hear the dangerous edge in John’s voice. God, he loved how John took control. Sex with two people had enough moving parts as it was. With three people it required coordination, teamwork, and trust. Their lovemaking was an orchestra, Sherlock thought, and John was the conductor.
Sherlock looked her up and down. Her skin was flushed and her hair was a sexy mess. Her breasts hung loose and he could see the glimmer of wetness that covered the tops of her thighs and framed the soft patch of hair at their meeting. His cock hung heavy between his legs. He felt exposed and not just because of his state of undress.
“I’m not trying to be mean, but that is what my brother does. It’s like a hobby. Invite straight boys over to the house, regardless of whether they have a girlfriend,” she looked at Clem sympathetically, “and convince them to suck him off. Or at least let Vic suck them off.”
Suddenly The Spy landed a series of jabs and hooks to the large man’s face. Fazed only slightly the heavyweight took a steadying step back.
When they finally parted John simply said, “We will talk about that later. Right now I just want to fuck you.”
With one hand Clem began caressing one luscious cheek of John’s bum while the other, slick with lube, began caressing his slit.
Sherlock recoiled, pulling his hand from hers. She grabbed him back pulling his hand close to her chest, holding him tight.
“Whenever we were forced into a social situation, which was often, we would become each other’s excuse. Clem provided me with an adequate hiding place and kept away the more unsavory of our childhood companions, while I provided a ‘playmate’ of sorts to keep that—
It was the rich and powerful, the ones featured in the society pages, who held the lower classes in bonds. They created misery, profiting off the hard labor and sweat of the working class who watched their children starve. As a doctor, John couldn’t stand to see human life treated with such disregard.
Clementine didn’t make fun of him for choosing the Aston Martin DB9 GT. He hadn’t been interested in watching Casino Royal, originally. Clementine thought Daniel Craig was hot and forced Sherlock to go to the theater with her. Mycroft had driven them.
She hadn’t actually seen Mycroft since he dropped her off here a year ago. He had been a brother to her for so long. It was Mycroft that had opened up the Holmes family to her in the beginning. He always suggested including her in their family outings or setting up visits between her and Sherlock. She was never sure if he did this more out of a sense of brotherly duty to Sherlock, to make sure he had a friend, or whether he did it to protect Clementine.
The boy responded with a tight nod of his head. Swiftly Clementine rose to her feet just in time to greet the gaggle of kids at the door to her room.
As he walked through the park, cane clicking the sidewalk next to him, John envisioned his life up to this point. He had known love, companionship, friendship, and happiness. Yet all had been temporary. Not in a cursory, fleeting manner. The good things in his life didn’t float in and out. They snuck in, imbedding themselves deep into his skin before spontaneously combusting, ripping him limb from limb.
His mind scrambled for a solution. When he couldn’t deduce the answer, when he felt so helpless and frail, he sang.
His heart beat faster as the blood gushed from the large man’s nose. He could feel himself getting hard at the sight of the rough marks on the smaller man’s face.
Weekly weigh-ins were still routine, but she had replaced the chew and spit method with Diet Coke and exercise. Sherlock never pushed her about it. What was he supposed to say? “You’re hurting yourself. It isn’t healthy.”
This was the first time he had cried, the sorrow and despair that had been building all morning now pouring out of his face.
The scenarios varied. In one Sherlock was a prisoner, hands bound behind his back while John gripped his hair tight and fucked his mouth with a commanding force. In another John was in his formal attire. He would stand at parade rest ordering Sherlock to strip, one article of clothing at a time. Once he was completely naked, standing in front of his captain, Sherlock would blush, hiding himself as best he could from John’s hungry gaze. John would order him to lay on the bunk. Sherlock would comply, still trying to hide his nakedness. John would tut at him, gently and move his hands away from where they shielded his body.
He couldn’t stop the tears any longer. They flowed freely, streaming down his cheeks. He sniffled, wiping at them. Clementine clasped her hand over his.
John wrapped his lips around the tip of Sherlock’s cock and slowly took as much of it into his mouth as possible. Sherlock went slack underneath him. As John bobbed up and down, stroking his hands along the thick shaft in tandem.
“And do not misunderstand me, Mycroft,” Sherlock practically spat at his brother, “You had no right to keep these from me. You cannot do my growing up for me. You cannot protect me from everything. That is no life for either of us to live. You have taken so much from me over the years. So much. While I may be able to understand your intentions I’m not sure if I can forgive your actions.”
He stood in the doorway to the library keenly assessing the situation, but leaving his face impassive.
When they entered the apartment John spotted a leather sofa off to the right and quickly pushed Clementine toward it, her calves hitting its edge. They toppled onto soft cushions, tongues dancing together. John groaned into Clementine’s mouth as they slowly ground their bodies together.
Dressed in his sweats and a t-shirt, John padded toward the other man sitting at his desk. He tilted Sherlock’s chin up, as the detective seemed intent on keeping eye contact with his computer screen. They kissed briefly, but deeply.
He let the reality sink in as he looked on affectionately at the two of them. He didn’t feel like a third wheel. He didn’t feel like Sherlock was butting in on his relationship with Clementine. Hell, he didn’t really have a relationship with Clementine. Not one that existed outside the context of Sherlock anyway.
With that she buried her face back into her book. Sherlock still peeked around the curtain at her as she pointedly ignored him. Then suddenly there was the sound of footsteps coming toward the room. Sherlock dodged back behind the curtain and Clementine balled herself even tighter in the chair so as not to be seen.
John tried to contain a smirk at the thought of Sherlock splayed across the table, John’s cock buried deep within him.
“Can you not do that at the breakfast table, Sherlock? I mean really! It’s unsanitary.” John chided him as he dumped his tea cup and toast plate in the sink before walking over to the other man to lay the customary goodbye kiss to his head. Sherlock, who normally ignores any complaining John directs at him, chose this moment to finally respond. As John leaned down, lips pursed, Sherlock turned his head up to speak.
John did it again, gathering even more of himself and pushing it into Sherlock. He quickly swiped at the drips that began pouring from Sherlock’s hole, thrusting it back inside.
“Oh come on Clem. Just a drink, see where things lead, and if they happen to lead back to your place all the better.”
through the social and pecuniary influence of his father that he was admitted. I did conceded to him that he was probably in fact the most intelligent amongst the band of perfumed miscreants he was currently in the company of, but that hardly warranted bragging rights.”
She pulled her hand back and crossed her arms, her face almost looking irritated, as she leaned back in her chair.
“It’s alright. I miss her very much, but it has been some time now.” John let go of his hand. So Sherlock had not read his letters, but had been living at Baker Street this whole time. John blanched at the implications of this. Did he get them and then refuse to read them? Did he somehow mess up the address letter after letter, year after year? He wasn’t sure he actually wanted an answer.
“I could be wrong, but I think that’s none of you business.” John said acidly as he took a draft of his beer.
“You told me you didn’t show him.” John accused, reaching up a hand to pull at Clem's pert nipples, a playful gesture.
Clementine clenched her fists at his use of the word freak. She was definitely not a member of the Sherlock Holmes Fan Club, but she could never stand hearing people called hurtful names. Especially when it was a prick like Wilkes doing the name calling.
John shoved Sherlock’s jacket from his shoulders. Sherlock pulled John’s undershirt free from his trousers. All the while their lips barely parted, only shifting position here and there. John grabbed at Sherlock’s trousers, pulling the other man closer.
She knew she should be grateful that Mycroft was even helping her. After all those parties. The long weekends. The brunches. The play dates. She saw just how fragile friendship was at the top. Every family friend or acquaintance they had made were quick to distance themselves from the scandal. She had known all along that their main objective was to protect their wealth while acquiring as much more of it as possible.
“Mind if I use this?” Even with the raucous shouts of the room John could hear the depth of his voice. Sherlock gripped the kerchief in John’s hand and, before the journalist could answer, had spun around and tossed the piece of fabric in his opponents face.
They stumbled through the door, a tangle of limbs and lips. John couldn’t believe his luck. What had been a simple night out with the guys had turned into one of the most promising pickups of his med school career.
Mycroft had mentioned drugs. There was only one person Clem knew that Sherlock would go to for drugs, Victor Trevor. He was a scholarship kid from Clem’s old school. She was not a fan, but Sherlock was transfixed. He was tall, athletic without being overly muscular, with sandy blond hair that fell in his eyes so frequently he constantly ran his hands through it, giving it a greasy look that turned Clem’s stomach, but made Sherlock’s roil with desire. In addition to being a scholarship kid, Trevor was also the only other gay kid they knew at the school. He wasn’t the out-and-proud type. It was more of a rumor that he never bothered to dispel. Sherlock had to know for sure, though.
“You take everything wonderful in this world and you destroy it. You are a lonely miserable man and you will die a lonely miserable man because no one will be able to survive your presence. They will suffocate if they don’t kill themselves first.”
A look of warmth and affection cascaded over John’s face as he stared down at the screen. Sherlock ran his hands gently over the other man’s thighs as he regarded him. Sherlock’s heart felt heavy. It was not a burdensome weight, though. It felt full to bursting, like a flower ready to bloom or a holiday cracker ready to spill treats to an excited child.
Eventually, when John spilled into Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock rubbed off on the slickness of John’s groin, cumming all over his stomach. The two shared a sweet kiss before extracting themselves from the bed and getting on with their day.
“Next to all of that was a plastic container. It was heavy and when I cracked the lid it smelled sweet and rotten. So I’m guessing it is the chewed up remains of the cookies and candies that were once in the empty wrappers. Now why would someone chew food with no intention of swallowing? The most likely of answers is to avoid gaining weight. However, you are only nine. While not unheard of, it seems unlikely that you have developed this eating disorder in response to the pressures of societal beauty standards. Your intense fear response suggests self-preservation, but from what or whom? You mentioned that your father has a temper. Fathers tend to be the perpetrators in abusive households, so your father is the most likely scenario. Given the pretentious and competitive nature of our polite society you are likely held to strict standards of appearance, including weight. Your father has probably outlawed sweets in your home so as not to enable you, and probably your mother as well, to gain weight. So when you get the chance, I’m guessing late at night, you sneak under your bed to eat all the sweeties you want, but you spit them back out so that you will not gain weight and incur your father’s wrath. Simple.”
“Hey, Sheza,” she heard a voice call from behind her. “Ya brough’ us a lil gift? ‘ow’s about sharing the goods.” Suddenly there were hands on her. Groping at her arms and sides. Clem yelped. In the blink of an eye, Sherlock pounced. He tackled the offending man to the ground wrapping his hand around the other’s throat.
“Piss off.” Sherlock said the words with such a straight face that John couldn’t help but laugh and shake his head.
John dashed out of the door. When he returned home that evening things were still a bit awkward. They still touched, but they were brisker, shorter touches. At bed time John came up to Sherlock and rested his hand on the other man’s shoulder. At this point he would normally bend down and give him a goodnight kiss to his head. But this night he just stood clumsily for a moment before patting Sherlock’s shoulder in a perfunctory manner.
“That’s why I’m at the A&E. They’re putting my on the frontlines as a field medic. I thought it would be good to get some trauma experience before I went out there.”
She pointed a finger at him accusingly, staggering toward him, voice piercing the room. John took a step back and held up his hands, relenting.
Sherlock had notoriously failed his driving test twice before barely eking by the third time. To celebrate, his father bought him a new car.
I miss you so much. I know it has been years now since we have seen each other. I know this sounds pathetic, but I miss you. I miss coming to Baker Street and finding you working on some experiment. I miss listening to you rattle off some deduction or the other about a passerby. I miss your beautiful face and your amazing voice. I miss the feel of your body against mine. There is no softness out here, only sharp, hard, unforgiving things. There is no warmth, only sweltering heat and freezing cold. There is nowhere to go at the end of the day but a lonely tent and cot.
John looked up at him with a smile, reaching his free hand across to caress those incredible cheekbones with his thumb. It wasn’t clear who moved first. Truth be told they probably leaned in at the exact same time. But a moment later their lips were pressed together in a chased, sweet kiss, John’s hand still cupping Sherlock’s face.
“Just thinking about it makes me hard.” John grabbed Sherlock’s hand and brought it to his prick, which was becoming heavy with desire.
Sherlock and Clementin moaned simultaneously at his words. Sherlock felt John’s hand spreading his cheeks apart, cool air hitting his entrance as John pulled his cock away. He couldn’t be sure, but Sherlock hoped that John was tipping the camera to give Clementine a view of the salacious tableau he was arranging.
John blushed at the smirk on Sherlock’s lips, remembering the frantic shedding of clothes the night before.
“We got to the end of dinner. I walked her back to her place. We kissed.” Sherlock blanched. “But as soon as our lips met I felt like I was betraying you somehow. It felt wrong. All I wanted to do was come home and see you.”
They were circling now, fists raised. A quick jab. A quicker dodge. The Brick landed a few punches to the smaller man’s core. He absorbed them, quickly moving out of striking range.
Sherlock gave a soft smile and looked down at his feet. John thought for a moment that he could see a small blush cross his cheeks, but he couldn’t be sure.
Martha had called Mycroft every day concerned, until she finally had to rouse her for a doctor’s appointment. Clementine had gone easily if reluctantly. She answered the physician’s questions in the most perfunctory of manners. The swelling had gone down significantly and she was fitted for a smaller, less imposing brace. Her face still wore a mask of angry deep purple with a smearing of yellow around its edges.
John’s mouth began to water and he could feel himself getting hard immediately. He palmed himself through his trousers as he shut the living room door and began walking to the kitchen.
“Please, John. I’m sorry. I couldn’t help myself. She was just so beautiful and it had been so long. I wanted to wait for you. I really did. I—”
Clem stood mouth agape, Sherlock with a smug sense of satisfaction. Ten minutes later they were once again gathered in Clementine’s room. Sherlock was in his spot in the arm chair, watching intently as Clem was vigorously riding John’s prick.
Without breaking eye contact John gripped Clem’s hips tighter and gave her a few particularly hard thrusts. She gasped in pleasure as she writhed on top of him.
They were on each other in an instant. The Brick lunged forcefully, swinging a meaty arm at The Spy’s face. True to the bookie’s telling The Spy quickly dodged and landed a shot to the large man’s kidney. The Brick brushed it off like he hadn’t felt a thing.
The resulting moan from the man below him made John’s entire body vibrate. The feeling left him relaxed and pliant. Clementine seized the opportunity and slowly inserted her first finger.
In the end it had taken two years. Throttled in the shower with a towel. He left the world the way he made her feel for years, naked and scared.
As if burned by fire John leapt from the couch to standing, ready to fight whatever intruder had made his way into Clementine’s apartment. Clementine on the other hand seemed unmoved by the outburst. Quite literally, too. She remained reclined and shirtless on the couch, looking rather annoyed if John was reading her right.
Sherlock went limp, collapsing onto John, who gathered him up in his arms. John peppered kisses around the top of Sherlock’s head.
The assignment ended up taking nearly two weeks to solve. Lestrade and the Met had gotten involved when a civilian was kidnapped. They had tracked the man to an abandoned apartment building. The suspect, like an idiot according to Sherlock, had kidnapped the man to throw investigators off his trail. Make it seem like a crime of passion and not a plan to steal government secrets.
“I’m so sorry dear. The only spare bedroom is on the second floor and technically belongs to apartment B. I know it’s not ideal for a young lady your age, but I thought we could go to the furniture shop together and pick out some things you might need to make this space a bit more yours.” Aunt Martha tried to reassure the pathetic broken looking thing that had shown up at her door.
Finally, steeling himself, he sucked in a reassuring breath and knocked. Of course Ms. Hudson opened it.
“I just—I just figured—,” John continued, bumbling his speech in an attempt to explain. “You had told me once, about being lonely and—and abandoned. I didn’t want to be another person you loved and depended on that just walked out of your life. Someone that was never there. I didn’t want to leave you here waiting for my once a year leave. I couldn’t ask you to wait. To watch me leave you, over and over and over again, never knowing if I would come back. I couldn’t do that to you. But after what you said at the hospital, after knowing all you wanted was a shag, I figured there was no reason for me to have left. We could still—”
Her summer dress pooled in her lap as the sun poured in from the break in the large curtains. The back of her chair faced the entrance to the room. No one could tell she was in here if they just walked by as long as she kept her feet off the floor and in the chair.
John paused. He knew she never saw her parents anymore, but he assumed that was due to the abuse. Was this the abandonment Sherlock had alluded to?
Sorry this has been so long without an update. I have been meaning to post something, but found that I am not super great at updating two fics at the same time. But I had some extra time today so hope you enjoy this one!
The two men walked into the middle of the ring and John’s mouth went dry. There was the formidable Brick, large, bald, missing some teeth. He was the kind of man that could drive a railroad spike with one swing of a hammer and never break a sweat.
Slowly he built up a steady rhythm. He could feel the head of John’s prick brushing against his prostate sporadically. Each time it sent an electric pulse of lust through his body. When he was finally able to open his eyes again he saw John looking up at him with an almost unreadable mixture of emotion on his face.
He heard the ping of his text alert at the same moment John ground their hips together, causing their twin erections to slide against each other. He gasped and nearly dropped the phone in his hand.
Clementine just scoffed, but a voice at the back of her head reminded her of all the times he had helped her. All the times he intervened just in time. How he had pulled strings to ensure she didn’t lose her entire trust fund. How he had cared for her in hospital.
“Yes because you are the pinnacle of polite society and etiquette.” Clem’s voice oozed with sarcasm.
Clementine stumbled aside as a large man and a seemingly larger box charged toward her. Her shoulder collided with the wall, her school bag, heavy with books, swung through the air, pulling her body with it.
So when he showed up at her house almost a year later in the sleek black Bond Edition Aston Martin after texting her that he had finally passed his driver’s test, she schooled her expression and exuded only excitement and jubilation at his acquisition.
In short order, before Sherlock had time to recuperate all his faculties, John retreated to the bathroom returning with a warm washcloth. He quickly wiped up the mess on both Sherlock and himself, then tentatively lay next to Sherlock on the bed, wrapping an arm around his waist.
“Pppfffft.” Harry spit out a huff in his general direction. His teeth gritted as he wiped spittle and beer from his face.
The next time Clem had a run in with the young Sherlock Holmes was at another one of her father’s parties. This time it was brunch.
They both moaned at his words. John punctuating his sentence with a particularly deep thrust of his fingers. Without taking those fingers out of Sherlock, John reached over for a condom and deftly rolled it onto his stiff prick, dribbling a few drops of lube onto the tip.
That was why he had to leave. If they cared for him the way that he cared for them his deployment would have been horrific for them. He had no intentions of starting any kind of emotional attachment before he left. In fact he was actively avoiding it. He had no intention of starting a relationship when he took Clem home that first night.
“Well,” Sherlock began coolly, “You were worried that I had offended John so much that he would never come back. I endeavored to prove you wrong. Now here he is and my point is proven.”
Sherlock kept his body still, gently guiding John’s body with his hands. John held himself perfectly between his lovers on strong arms.
His body curled around her as best he could in their positions. His cheek resting on the top of her head while she drenched his shirt in her tears. Her pitiful cries the background music to his lyrics.
John licked his lips, wanting to taste those marks, heal them with the press of his lips. Sherlock noticed the hungry look in his eyes. Raising a hand-rolled cigarette to his lips, the tall man leaned toward John. Reaching out he struck a match on the brick wall next to John’s head and gently brought it to his lips, inhaling deeply.
“I—I—” John stuttered as Sherlock inched closer. Now he was so close that he brushed the shell of John’s ear with his nose.
John matched his statue-like posture as he took in the sight before him. Towel dry curls cascaded around Sherlock’s sharp features. His bare chest was pink and moist from the hot shower it was evident, by the large white towel wrapped around his hips, he had just finished.
“I’m Clementine,” she reached out her hand. Sherlock tentatively took it. They shook hands for a few moments, just staring at each other. Then suddenly Clem got up off the bed and opened her door.
She was standing at a lab table, a tall skinny man with dark hair and even darker eyes was standing next to her. When he spoke his voice was high and child-like, almost sing-songy.
Sherlock stood mutely on the landing. This was it. This is what he had been waiting for all this time. What he had been fighting for. A wave of relief washed over his body and he just smiled.
A stiffness returned to Mycroft’s body as he stood straighter and peered down his nose at his brother.
John knew it had been a feeble criticism. He had worked alongside female nurses in the U.S. Navy. They were brave, intelligent, and hard working. But the fact of the matter was that this
He knew his leaving would hurt. That it was abandonment. But so was going off to war. He knew it wouldn’t be easy on any of them, but it would be much easier for his partners in the long run. He wasn’t going to move in with them, fall in love with them, have them fall in love with him, only to ship off in six months to the front lines.
I have been terrible at replying to comments over these last few updates! I'm so sorry about that. I will get on it right away. Hope you enjoy the update. Another one is on the way.
“Touch yourself,” he would command. Sherlock would run his fingers gently across his chest, grazing his nipples. He would rub across his lips, down his stomach, through his hair. John would groan above him, rubbing the bulge through his uniform. Eventually, Sherlock would take his throbbing cock in hand and begin to stroke.
They would talk about their days. Clementine would relate the latest and greatest student stories. John would one-up her with gross and embarrassing patient stories. Sherlock would lament on some new fungus or dirt classification systems while Clementine and John would lovingly pretend to care. They would shag each other senseless, pent up desire from going days without seeing each other.
He took a moment to breathe in the smell of her, delectate, heady, and deep. He gently shrugged one of her legs over his shoulder, careful to choose the one farthest from their watching companion, so as not to disrupt his view. As if he realized the consideration that was given him, a small hum of approval resonated from the man in the chair.
“Oh I intend to.” Sherlock noticed John’s fingers had not moved. This message was intended for Sherlock.
Clementine took the hand that was not currently occupied with her breasts and slid her hand between the slick folds of her most intimate parts. Swiftly she sank three fingers into herself.
Sherlock popped off of John’s cock with a salacious smacking sound, keeping a firm grip on the base of his cock, John’s fingers still tangled in his curls.
“I am sorry for all of the heartache that this must have caused. I would still very much like to finish your letters.”
John leaned forward, his elbows on his knees, contemplating something. There was another long stretch of silence. This time it was John who broke the silence.
The tall man turned to his companion, caressing her uninjured hand and running soft lips over her forehead.
“Yeah, I—uh—I thought so too, but I got my orders about three months ago, the day of our—our last night, saying I had six months.”
Slowly John kissed up her leg. He spread her legs just wide enough he could fit his head. When he reached the top he kissed those slick soft lips. He could feel her dripping on his face. He licked her slit, sucking her soft lips into his mouth.
This new arrangement was also much different. Whereas the touches and kisses seamlessly integrated themselves into everyday practices, these moments, where they fell into each other’s arms, each other’s lips, didn’t happen at specific times. They didn’t happen with some greater purpose. They happened when the desire to be close to the other became overwhelming. They happened when Sherlock felt an overwhelming sense of need that could only be satisfied by the hands, the lips, the body of John Watson.
His voice contained all the joy of an affectionate father but was as genuine as a mannequin from Harrods.
The entire time he was doing this he had set up a steady rhythm of humping her ass. Grinding his hard, trouser-covered cock against her cleft.
“I’m headed to Tesco. Do you need anything?” John asked, gently placing his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
The man dropped his daughters arm and brushed his hands down the front of his suit. As if by magic the air around him shifted from menacing to jovial.
With a low growl, that let Sherlock know his request pleased his partner, John reached for the lube and slicked up a third finger. Slowly he pressed it in with the other two, all the while licking and placing sucking kisses up the side of Sherlock’s cock.
Clementine walked over to Sherlock and wrapped her arms around his chest, embracing him in a gentle hug. Sherlock let his free hand settle on her head.
Clementine’s fingers gently crawled over the mounds of her breasts and snaked into the soft fabric of her bra. Slowly she pulled the fabric down, over her nipple, under the most sumptuous part of her small breasts.
With those words John loosed the towel around his lover’s waist and let it drop to the floor. Sherlock’s erection sprang free and jutted in his face for just a moment before he swallowed it down in one gulp.
When he returned in the evening, takeaway bags in hand, Sherlock would still be home, more often than not, engrossed in an experiment, immersed in his computer screen or deep in his mind palace. John would set the takeaway on the table, walk to his roommate and gently rub his shoulder.
He paid the driver and climbed out with Clem. He didn’t want to go in. He didn’t know what he would see, what Clementine would see.
Congratulations graduate! I was glad to see you showed up for the ceremony. Mycroft probably made you go, didn’t he? I know you probably didn’t want me there, but I wanted to be there. I looked up the ceremony information on the university’s website and I stayed in the back rows. I am so proud of you Sherlock. You are a mad genius and now a doctor to boot!
Thank you to everyone who has been leaving kudos and commenting. You have made writing this so much fun!
“What do you mean you don’t trust Clem?” John asked looking back at Sherlock. “You think she is going to hurt me?”
“No!” Sherlock panted around John’s fingers. John gripped Sherlock's jaw with his thumb to shush the man.
Clementine pinched the bridge of her nose. “By speaking during sex. You know the rule Sherlock. No talking.”
John’s voice was husky and thick with desire of his own. Sherlock slipped a hand across John’s hip and to the small of his back, pulling the shorter man closer to him. John could feel the press of Sherlock’s erection on his own stiffening prick.
Suddenly Sherlock felt his knees impact with the ground and heard an animalistic growl slip from John’s lips. Sherlock was in front of the pair, face to face with their coupling. Then without even thinking about it he snaked his tongue out and sucked the base of John’s cock.
“Of course Mycroft! I am sure Clem here would love to spend a nice afternoon with the Holmes family.”
They walked into Bart’s and John was right. It did feel good to be back. He allowed himself to remember the thrill of A & E work. The rush of saving a life. It was the thing that had always kept him going. The thrill of the unknown. The rush of danger. The relief of a saved life. That was all gone now. He had been left with nothing. He clenched and unclenched his hand as a spasm gripped it. Injured in the line of duty. Medically discharged. Limping on a cane and unable to control his left hand. No. His right hand. Either way any hope of thrill, adventure, life-saving, or love was gone. What could one more walk down memory lane hurt?
“Your cunt is gorgeous. I want to see Sherlock burry his face in it and not come up until he is as dripping wet at you.”
“Looks like you are in more danger than I am,” she said. “I will be just fine. It won’t be the first time I’ve slept in the lounge. Sherlock can attest to that.”
“Do it Sherlock,” Clem moaned out. “Let me see. I want to finally see you come. Come for me Sherlock.”
“I’m so sorry, Clem. I’m sorry for everything that has happened to you. I’m so sorry that I couldn’t stop it. I’m sorry for any hand I had in any of it. I’m sorry for all the pain I have caused you and Sherlock. I didn’t want any of this. Not for you two.”
His tone was clipped and seemed to indicate he didn’t feel the word “man” properly typified Clementine’s father. The two barely noticed, however. They were too busy gazing fondly at the statuesque picture the young man cut.
“Sherlock?” She asked tentatively. He didn’t respond, but Clem saw as tears began spilling from his eyes. She was on him in a second, scooping him into her arms. He clung to her as a drowning man clings to a life raft.
“Have you ever let a man fuck you Sherlock?” He shook his head. “But you want to?” He nodded his head. “Do you finger that tight little ass hole of yours when you wank?” Another nod. “Do you want to know what my cock feels like?”
“Since you are clearly not from a well-to-do family,” Sherlock continued, “as the average medical student is, you would need some sort of support through your medical training. It’s really not a difficult leap.”
He stopped himself abruptly. There was no point in getting mad. By this evening, none of this would matter anyway.
How had this happened? Not 30 minutes ago John was sitting in his chair miserably missing Sherlock, not even knowing if he had solved the case yet. Now, not only was Sherlock home, but had John’s stiff cock in his mouth.
Tears began flowing, his steel-like visage crumbling before her eyes. She had never seen the man express an emotion on anything other than a completely neutral level. He was the epitome of British grace. The scene was hard to watch.
A few moments later Clementine took the toast out of the broiler and placed one on each plate. Sherlock buttered the toast, while Clem grabbed another knife and spread on the jam. When the intricate dance had been completed Sherlock handed John his plate.
Sherlock nearly melted. With a loud groan he laced his fingers into John’s hair and threw his head back. Taking the other man’s movements as a sign, John sank to his knees.
Sherlock still looked skeptical, as if he were waiting for a scolding. But he took the offered hand and stood up from the kitchen floor. John gently tucked himself back into his pants and kissed Sherlock on the cheek.
“Shh shh shh.” John cooed. “I want to hear it from her.” He kissed at her neck, his other arm wrapped tightly around her waist. “Tell me what he did to you.”
“I am an adult, Mycroft. You cannot control me the way you did when we were children. I can go where I please and see whom I like.”
“And just what is that supposed to mean?” Clem reached her foot out shoving John playfully. He giggled a bit trying to keep his tea in the cup.
For the briefest of moments Sherlock turned his eyes from the scope. Just a flash, just to see what had pulled at his consciousness from the sidelines. And in that briefest of looks, not even a glance, Sherlock caught the erotic image before him.
Sherlock sat up from his prone position and wrapped his arms around her waist, burying his face into the crook of her neck. He was still inside of her.
“And what the hell gave you the right to intercept my letters?” John rounded on Mycroft, taking advantage of his momentary height advantage to the sitting man. Mycroft remained placid.
He took the last few seconds he had to straighten his hair and jacket and lick his lips, trying to keep his breath steady.
“Sherlock—” John was cut off by Sherlock’s plump, full lips covering his. Arms wrapped around John’s waist. He managed to put his glass on the counter before threading his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and returning the kiss with enthusiastic commitment.
“Or do you want to cum in my mouth?” Just then Sherlock swallowed John down to the base and, applying liberal amounts of suction, slowly sucked his way back up to the tip of his cock.
John reached down, budging Clem’s hand out of the way. He wrapped his strong hand around Sherlock’s aching prick and continued languorously fucking him. With his other hand he gripped Sherlock’s shoulder and lifted his head from where it was tucked into Clem’s shoulder.
“The tall one, Sebastian Wilkes, was bragging about how he got into Eaton. How he was the smartest one of the lot.”
“Pray tell.” Sherlock’s voice dropped to a scandalous tone as he stepped fully into John’s personal space. “What
John felt a cool gust of air as Clementine removed herself from him to retrieve something from the nightstand.
“Bloody fucking hell!” John shouted trying to swallow his heart back into his chest from where it had leapt into his throat.
The show of tenderness spurred John into action. Quickly he cleaned his hands and donned the customary latex gloves. The debridement supplies still sat next to Clem. He pulled up a stool and inspected the damage.
“You have to understand Clem,” Mycroft had said softly. “They are concerned for their son. They are just trying to protect him and however ill-conceived and cruel their methods may seem please know that they are scared and are just trying to do their best by Sherlock.”
When the finally pulled apart they turned to regard Sherlock as he seemed to be completely unaware of their existence.
When she woke from surgery it was to Mycroft sleeping in the corner chair of her hospital room. He watched after her, arranged her affairs, ensured she was fed and clothed in those days following the incident, before delivering her to her Aunt.
“God your lips look amazing around my prick,” Victor whispered. His face was flushed, his hair falling into his eyes.
John was mesmerized by the words spilling from Sherlock. He turned once again to watch the woman Sherlock spoke of. He could tell now that the person she was talking to was Sally Donovan, the acerbic woman he’d met at the pub.
Sherlock’s hands loosed their other occupations and gripped Clementine’s hips. John placed his hands over Sherlock’s. Together they rocked Clementine back and forth in the same motion, bucking their hips into her as they pulled her back.
This had become a regular routine for John Hamish Watson. Each evening, after clerkship or class or rugby practice or whatever he was doing that day, he would come down to this bar, sit on this stool, and drink himself into oblivion.
“Envy does not become you, brother mine.” Mycroft’s voice was smooth and condescending. John was beginning to dislike him immensely.
“I’m here for a decent shag.” John finally responded gripping the point where the towel overlapped, affixing itself. “I didn’t realize you would be wrapped and ready for me. It really is a lovely surprise.”
As Sherlock approached the bed he loomed over Clem. She looked up into his eyes, they were glazed over with lust and anticipation. He gently reached out to cup her jaw and trace her bottom lip with his thumb. She reveled in the touch. Slowly she moved back onto the bed as Sherlock climbed over her. He hesitated briefly before placing a chased kiss to her lips.
Sherlock shifted from one foot to the other. He wasn’t particularly keen on talking about Clem and her sickness to others, but he had thrown it out in a fit of rage and hurt. When he spoke again his voice was small.
In that moment Sherlock lived a lifetime. Stretched out before him was his life without John Watson. He lived that evening, back at the flat, back in their bed, alone. He lived the next morning, waking up in a cold empty room, unable to make breakfast and coffee himself. He was at John’s funeral where he just stood there unable to speak. He grew old and miserable, alone.
“Rub her clit.” Came a dark deep voice, the sound shocking John out of his reverie. His thrusts faltered and his expression widened in surprise.
She was concerned, genuinely for his feelings, but she needed him to calm down and tell her where Sherlock was. She leaned back, sitting Mycroft upright, wiping away the tears on his cheeks.
“Listen here you little shite.” He pointed his finger directly in her face. “I have no problem hitting a girl.”
“Yes! And I want the toy this time. You always steel my toy.” Clementine glared up at him accusingly. Sherlock glared back at her for a moment, then suddenly wrapped his arm around her neck, putting her in a playful headlock. She squealed and slapped at his arm.
Clem wrinkled her nose at the implication of such a practice. The other girl turned to gaze at the pictures on the wall fondly.
Dejected John slouched against a cold brick wall. Running a ragged shaking hand down his face he groaned inwardly, his head sunk low. What had he been thinking? What would he have said to the man anyway?
The police had visited her at the hospital, asking her all sorts of weird questions about men and companies she had never heard of. This was how she learned the truth. They treated drug crimes of this magnitude very seriously. She even heard one investigator say to another, “This isn’t justice. This asshole deserves to rot after what he did to that woman and kids.”
The gathering and tension of the fabric put her breasts on wanton display. John added a third finger to his efforts and Sherlock shouted with pleasure.
That was the one perk to being nothing more than a prop to her father. His concern for her presence did not reach beyond the simple need to show that he indeed had a daughter and she was the embodiment of sophistication and perfection.
