“Oh, John. It’s rude to insult someone else’s sibling.” Mrs Watson admonished.
“And I’m interesting?” John chuckled.
“Careful now, Sherlock. That used to be my job.” John crossed his arms and leant against the arm of the sofa opposite the pair.
John sighed.
John grinned and squeezed her hand right back.
“Of course.”
“Married? Well! Congratulations.” Molly ducked her head.
They watched John’s favourite Christmas film, Home Alone, and Sherlock found it more amusing than he'd expected. On the sofa they leaned further into each other as the evening drew to a close.
“Yes, daddy, a lion!” Hamish smiled and turned the page.
“John, she’s divorcing me.” A teary voice came through the speaker of his mobile.
“Why do I have to be the elf?”
“Oh good, maybe she’ll give her blessing when you guys get married.” Harry snarked.
“Alright, I’m coming.” John kissed Bo on the forehead and passed her to Mrs Hudson with a grateful smile.
Hamish pulled away with a curious look at the bed, which he climbed up onto. Kneeling beside John he poked his head slightly under the duvet to look.
“Indeed.” Sherlock nodded “Have I told you enough how lucky I am to have met you?”
Sherlock didn’t notice Hamish leave the room (the boy had definitely mastered the art of sneak, and Papa was proud). Spotting the empty seat, he placed Charlie into his bouncy chair and went to investigate. Pushing his bedroom door open, he found a sight for sore eyes. Hamish was lying under the duvet with John. The Doctor had uncurled himself and lay on his side facing his son, who held a big storybook in his hands and was reading aloud to him.
“They’re still out there.” Sherlock frowned from behind the door as he zipped his trousers up and tucked in his shirt.
“But I care for you.” Sherlock said “And I always want you to enjoy the things you enjoy. To the very maximum.”
“No, no, we’re sorry!” John raised his hands in surrender, his cheeks pink. Sherlock exited the cupboard to stand beside him, his trousers thankfully back up over his hips, but his shirt was untucked and there was a fresh red mark on his neck.
Harry hummed “So… is he nice?”
“A pleasure as always, Gary.” Sherlock smiled then winced as it tugged on his lip.
“I’m not sure, we will see.” Sometimes John needed a day or so to get back to himself after a nightmare and a panic attach. And the worry of that tugged at Sherlock’s stomach, knowing that his children were so excited for Christmas and perhaps wouldn’t get to spend it with him in the same way they wanted to.
“We’ll have lost a lot of evidence…” Greg sighed.
John blushed “My lovely man? He’s.. we’re just friends.”
“No…” sniffle “I… We had a huge fight last night, I fell asleep on the sofa. And she just woke me up and told me to go. She’s getting the papers as we speak. I can hear her on the phone. Fuck. Johnny, what do I do?”
“Husband?” Sally asked incredulously.
“So did you at his age.” Sherlock said, gently bouncing the boy in his lap and stroking a hand through his short blonde tufts in hopes to sooth him.
“Come along, husband, time to consummate this.” Sherlock pulled John by the hand to the exit where a taxi was waiting for them. John chuckled and rolled his eyes at his husband’s antics.
“Yeah, yeah; it was right when I was feeling less overwhelmed. He’s uncannily good at reading people.”
“John. Question.” Sherlock said, pulling away again but keeping his arms around John’s back.
He picked up his violin and put bow to string. His eyes met John’s once more and he started playing.
John laughed good-naturedly “Well,” he wrapped an arm around Sherlock’s waist “We got there in the end.”
Sherlock still didn’t look wholly convinced, though he did look partially flattered.
“Why have you been hiding this!? You aren’t ashamed, I hope?”
“Let’s eat breakfast. And then I’m going to give you the best blowjob you’ve ever had.” Sherlock said assuredly.
“I think we did a good job.” John said as he looked at the glow of the tree, basking in the warmth it gave the room.
“That may be so. But okay. You’re an exception, John.” Sherlock snuggled up to John’s side, tucked his head into the man’s shoulder and enjoyed the feeling of the Doctor wrapping his arms around him.
“You look gorgeous.” Sherlock appeared behind him and pressed a soft kiss to his neck.
“Don’t you think?” Sherlock prompted.
John groaned “I can’t let Mrs Hudson down, nor this niece of hers. I hated moving to London when I came back from Afghanistan. It’s overpopulated but lonely. It will be nice to show her a friendly face. Now,” He pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips then pulled away and sat up, straddling the man below him “I would invite you but I can already tell that would be a hard no. So why don’t you enjoy some peace and quiet with your Bunsen burner and that bag of teeth Molly has given you while I’m out. And eat dinner, I’ll be taking her… Tracy, I think it is… to that nice Italian-“
“Oh. Thank you.” John flattened the woollen jumper he wore with a pleased smile. It was red and had white decorative patterns around the neck and wrist holes “I got it from Sainsburys.”
John felt a shiver run through his spine and looked up at his boyfriend “Hmm… always ready for a gift from you.”
Hamish disappeared and Sherlock sat down beside John, wrapped an arm around his back as he caught his breath. Sherlock had learned over time to let John work through it and just be there as he did.
“Mycroft wishes you Merry Christmas as congratulates us on our recent… development.”
“Perhaps not that big, sweetheart – we need to put the star on top.” John smiled fondly and shut the door. He got into the passenger seat, Sherlock was the driver of the two.
John heaved a breath and knelt down beside his husband “Let me have a look at you.” He began expecting Sherlock’s vitals and Sally got up to stand beside Greg. As she watched the couple lean into each other she queried “Did you know?” to her boss.
“Brilliant. Mum and dad would’ve had a field day if they were alive. Their perfect Doctor soldier Johnny a-“
“Handsome. Like usual. Why? Where are you going?”
“Can you be a good boy for me and sit with them? I’ll come up in a little while. Daddy needs me for a bit, okay?”
John could see Sherlock tensing, so he approached the three “Hello there. I see your young man isn’t feeling in a very festive spirit right now. If you keep hold of your tickets, we’re open until 5 this afternoon and you can come back another time when he’s feeling a little merrier?”
“Mhmm. You should be with someone who you know likes you. Just you. It’s good. John loves me, nobody else. I don’t like sharing.”
“Nowhere in particular. Just a walk.”
“He wanted to know why my marital status had changed. Apparently, he thinks society calls for a marriage to involve a big song and dance where we invite people such as himself.” Sherlock sighed into John’s neck.
“Ahh, not a chance. We are checking you in at A&E.”
“Correct.”
They were all in the twins’ room, all three of them in one bed excitedly whispering about Christmas. They looked so sweet Sherlock couldn’t help but smile – all in their matching elf pyjamas, Ava and Amelia’s dark waves slightly messy from sleep, Hamish’s blonde hair mussed up and cheeks pink with excitement. It was quite something to see, especially when he’d never imagined getting to have children in the first place.
“Are you better, Daddy?” Ava asked.
“Uhh…” John’s eyes went almost comically wide and they flickered to Sherlock.
“Hmm? But you’re not even open about your relationship?”
“We can’t have all of them, darling.” Sherlock said.
Sherlock stood aside with one child on each hip and watched as John and the man tied it to the roof.
Hamish grinned and tried his best to help his daddy, feeling very old and important that he was doing a chore.
“John’s coming, Lestrade is coming.”
John huffed a laugh “Well, I’m not. I’m bisexual. And yes, I’m sure. Are you sure? Mr Relationships-Aren’t-Really-My-Area Holmes?” he raised an eyebrow.
“Thanks. But Sher… it sounds like she’s about to get divorced. And I’ve not spoken to her in… in too long. She doesn’t even know about us. Fuck… we can’t tell her now, can we?”
“No, I thought it’d be a nice surprise.” Sherlock smiled, then went to pick up his youngest child – a three month old baby boy named Alfie, who was fast asleep in his elf onesie. They weren’t sure whose genes Alfie had yet – he hadn’t grown into his features enough. With each surrogacy Sherlock and John had combined their sperm so it was chance who would biologically parent each child. With Hamish and Freya it had been immediately evident, but Alfie seemed to have a ginger hue to his soft straight hair, brown eyes, and soft features that hadn’t filled out yet to reveal many hints that weren’t more than speculation.
“Don’t watch me sleep… or experiment on me or anything.” John requested.
, I go mad at Harry’s behaviour… my mum and her friends all read my blog, and she really wants to meet you.” A flutter of butterflies flew through John’s belly. The thought of his mother wanting to meet his flatmate made him giddy in a way he didn’t want to over-analyse. Especially considering Sherlock didn’t seem to
“We’ll be there soon.” Sherlock stroked a hand through her hair. He knew it was a lot to ask for a five-year-old to wait for her gifts on Christmas morning.
territory. But let me clear something up for you. I am a guest here, yes, but a welcome one. I am called when the police are out of their depth. My friendship with the Inspector has little to do with why he requests me and more to do with a quick resolution on troubling and tragic cases. Additionally,” this new sergeant was looking more chagrined by the second “you may want to keep in mind that part of your requirements as a police officer is to not make nasty, bullyish comments regarding a person’s preferences, such as gender expression, fashion, what have you. Quite the opposite, in fact.“
“Are you sure?” Sherlock pressed a kiss to John’s neck.
“I’m glad you’re home.” He sighed.
She rounded on him sharply “Your this one's brother, not John's, waistcoat boy, so keep your nose out.”
Donovan was first to find Sherlock in the backstreets of London. The Yarders, and John, had been searching for him for half an hour at this point. He’d rushed off after the serial killer they’d been investigating and been MIA ever since. She found him slouched in an alley muttering to himself and clearly trying to get the strength to stand.
“Come along, John!” Sherlock said as he passed by, swinging his coat on in his wake.
“This is too much, John.” Sherlock chuckled as he pulled out an old antique magnifying glass.
“I could be a snorer.”
Mrs Hudson dove into some of the more interesting neighbourhood gossip which did a lovely job at stopping the brothers from arguing.
“Promise?” Sherlock eyed him suspiciously.
John tried to talk back but only mumbled some unintelligible words before giving up and shutting his eyes.
“A lion?” John gasped quietly.
“Quite right.” John raised his eyebrows, and Sherlock felt something in his chest ease at seeing John relax back into himself so quickly.
“It’s over now. You’re safe.” Sherlock rubbed a hand up and down John’s arm.
“Oh, Harry… do you have somewhere to stay?”
“There’s not much to say. I was a junkie. Now I’m not.” Sherlock dismissed the conversation and John knew not to pry more. They’d have time to talk about that another day, in the comfort of their own home.
“What?!” he snapped into the speaker as he answered, and John tried to hide his grin at Sherlock’s befuddled and half-asleep expression “Mycroft, what do you want?... Yes, what of it?... Why would I need to inform you?... I’d suggest you keep your nose out of my business and get back to work.” Sherlock hung up and put his phone back.
“And why do I have to come?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow at John as the man stirred his cup of tea.
“John.”
John leaned back against his chest and sighed “Sorry that’s how you met my sister.”
Harry’s head swung around to look at Sherlock “And you’re the detective guy! With the stupid hat. On the telly. You live with my brother? What’s that like? It’s been years since I had to, I always found him annoying.”
“Not as far as I can tell. Will keep you updated though. Over.” She tucked her radio into her pocket and gripped Sherlock’s shoulder under her hand “Sherlock, can you get up?”
“You and Dad?”
“Come on. Homeward.” John took Sherlock’s hand and pulled him in the direction of Baker Street.
“Absolutely not, we paid ten pounds for this – you can wait a few minutes for my son to stop crying.”
“I… fuck, John, I’ll try. I really fucking want to though.”
“What did he want?” John raised an eyebrow and Sherlock slumped back into his arms.
After a brief tour of the home, mostly for Sherlock’s benefit, she showed them into the guest room “You’ll be here, if that’s alright.”
“Oh! Oh dear, I am so sorry for this mix-up! And excuse me, but when were you two love birds going to tell me you were dating?! I’ve been feeling very sorry for Sherlock here, thinking he was besotted with you and it was unrequited! Little did I know!”
Sherlock didn’t respond, and was still tapping away on his phone.
“This is nice.” John looped an arm through Sherlock’s as they walked past the pond in their local park.
At the five mile mark John looped back around and headed for home. He felt good. The crisp winter air felt nice against his hot skin, cooling him down with the sweat that dripped off his brow. His feet pounded the floor as he pushed further on, breath coming out in a fog.
John smiled between kisses and wrapped his hand around the back of Sherlock’s head.
“It was nice to meet you, Brie.” Sherlock said after the camera flashed “I hope you have a Merry Christmas!”
Molly finally managed to snap out of her shock and quickly retreated, shutting the door behind herself.
Tracy gave him an awkward wave and smile “Evening.”
“Can’t get up. Legs like jelly.” Sherlock sighed, annoyed.
After a shower Sherlock put his shoes and coat on “Come along, John. A Christmas walk!”
“I’m sentimental when it comes to him, John. And you.”
“Huh?” John asked as he passed her the plate. Sherlock poured himself a coffee and sat opposite her and beside John.
“How do I look?” John entered the living room and gave his husband a spin.
“Would you like to stay here and watch for a bit?” Sherlock asked.
“Daddy!” Amelia and Ava chorused excitedly and jumped up to hug him. John met them with a big hug, one arm for each of them.
“You were staring into space. Are you alright?”
While John gawped Sherlock poured milk on his cereal and absently said “Husbands.”
Sherlock was having a much better time, sat teaching Mrs Watson how to play chess with a board a neighbour had got her. She was a quick learner, so Sherlock enjoyed teaching her.
Sherlock flounced back to his pose on the sofa and John went to answer. He found a slightly nervous but excited looking woman on the other side.
“Great! Want to come with me?” John held out his hand.
“Oh, no worries! I had a great time, you’ve got yourself a keeper there, Sherlock.” Tracy smiled warmly at the couple “And I hope I’ve made a good friend anyway.”
“Was it ok that Hamish came in to you?”
“Ah! Darlings!” Sherlock strode into the kitchen dressed in his suit, a wine red shirt on today which was about as festive as Sherlock Watson-Holmes got.
“Thank God – I was worried he wouldn’t nap.” John breathed a sigh of relief then peered down at his husband’s hand “Oh wow, lovely job Bo! I like the colour.” He bent down and pressed a kiss to his daughter’s dark waves. She smiled up at him proudly as her Daddy praised her skill. She had been practicing nail painting for a while now, had a little stash of different colours in her room, and though she started off just painting her own nails she had quickly moved on to requesting to paint others, and Sherlock was always first inline to indulge her as usual.
All he received was a frustrated huff and a grumble about how tight they were.
Sherlock squinted at her, taking a moment to read her “Problem?” he asked.
The couple in the cupboard could be heard scrabbling around and before Molly made it to the door to leave the mortuary the cupboard opened again.
“N-no.”
“Well, this is one of your choosing. What would you like?” Sherlock trailed kisses from John’s ear down to his neck.
Arriving at the crime scene, Sherlock found Lestrade first and got the lowdown on the case; a triple murder – the house having been torched after.
“Alright.” Sherlock sighed.
They all served themselves their portions and sat at the table.
“You two are maddening! I would have loved to see you both up at an altar. But if it’s what you wanted.” She pulled away, patted their cheeks fondly, then turned to her niece “I got my wires crossed here, sorry darling.”
“It’s from the 1800s, I thought you’d like it.”
“Thank you for coming with me, Sherlock.” John gripped his hand in the back of a cab as they pulled away from his mother’s home with a wave.
A tearful chuckle was drawn from the man’s lips “I suppose you’re right. I’m being rather foolish.”
“More?” John’s eyebrows raised.
Harry settled down at her brother’s words “Classic John. You never do things the typical way.”
“I bet you didn’t even believe in Santa as a kid.”
“Do you think?” Sherlock asked, almost bashfully.
“Well, magic isn’t real. And I can’t find any scientific evidence that would allow him to get to all the children’s houses in one night. Even with time zones. And also sometimes children are really good, and they love Christmas, but they don’t get presents because they don’t have money. But that doesn’t make sense because it’s Santa – he shouldn’t care if they have money or not. Also people say elves build the toys, but last year I got lego, that’s a toy you buy in shops.” Hamish listed his reasons with a little frown between his brows.
“Well… well I… Obviously we’ve only kissed twice… But-“
She paused in her conversation “Oh, John! You look well!” she pulled him into a tight hug “I was just talking to your lovely man about how tall he is!”
“We’re going to have a great Christmas this year, okay?” John said firmly.
“Mmm… well, it’s seven-thirty now. Fancy a little… exploration?”
“Mmm, much like yourself.”
Having been up till three in the morning working on a very exciting experiment, Sherlock was rather bleary eyed when he was shaken awake by his boyfriend far too early for his liking.
Bo, short for Boudicca, was what John called “Sherlock’s shadow”. She loved watching and copying her Papa. They spent hours every day together, and for it her language skills and intelligence was through the roof. Her manners were… lacking. Despite John’s best attempts. But anyway, he didn’t like to nag her too much – he did find it adorable that the pair were like two peas in a pod.
John returned from work to a quiet house, Hamish lay on the sofa watching a documentary on lions and he greeted him with a kiss to the temple before going to find his husband.
As the day drew to a close, after what felt like a line of hundreds of children, Santa Claus and his elf finally climbed the stairs up to 221b.
“NO! I HATE SANTA! I WANT PRESENTS NOW!” Tim stomped his foot.
They used their shirts to clean up the mess and as quietly as possible stepped across the hallway to the bathroom. They made quick work of cleaning themselves in the shower and brushed their teeth. With towels wrapped around their waists they snuck across the hallway once more.
“Yep.”
“So…” John cleared his throat “…that just happened.”
“If we are to embark on a relationship. Which I think we should if you are amenable. Then would you like to tell your mother now? Or perhaps when you feel ready?”
“Exactly!” John was smiling now; glad they were on the same page “I don’t need to marry you to know we love each other. Or that you’re it for me. But it may just make a few things easier.” He went to the kitchen and flicked the kettle on.
“I know. You looked quite surprised this morning.” John smiled.
“True, and though she doesn’t know about just how much we are coming to mean to one another. She does know you’re my friend, and I’m yours. So I’d say your interrogations are more questions than prying in her eyes.”
“Oh, don’t look so perturbed, John. I like your nose.” Sherlock said and strode towards the waving seventy-two-year-old woman.
“John. I must tell you something.” Sherlock pulled back only slightly, enough to look into his eyes.
“I just assumed as he is so upset you may want to take a breather. Perhaps you’d like to wait to the side and let another child or two meet Santa while he calms down?” John smiled, while inside he just wanted to swing at the man. The day had been long and loud and this boy was surely the loudest wailer in the shopping centre.
“John.” That ‘just woken up’ voice was sexier than John ever thought possible. So deep and grumbly.
“Date!?” John and Sherlock exclaimed simultaneously.
It was early Christmas morning, and Sherlock was stood in the living room with a bag full of presents at his feet while their Christmas tree was empty underneath.
Their kiss deepened as they woke up. Hands searched over bodies and tongues reached out to play with one another. They were tangled together under the large duvet, feeling hotter and more urgent as time passed.
“How was the date?” Mrs Hudson rounded the corner with an excited smile.
“But papa! I want to put the bobbles on!” Hamish cried, big tears welling up.
“Won’t the sofa be uncomfortable?” Harry frowned.
Sherlock positively growled in excitement and pulled the back of John’s head down for a rougher kiss “A gift for us both.”
“But I am still on tape duty.”
“Hi, Harry!” he was pulled into a short hug “How’ve you been?”
After picking and paying for the best tree there (according to Hamish - Sherlock and John bit their tongues when they saw a lack of branches on one side because their son was so taken with it), one of the assistants put it through the netting tube and carried it to the jeep for them.
“Well… just with me.”
Sally and Greg utterly failed at hiding their amusement when John’s cheeks flushed red.
"We can do the lights now, and the baubles after lunch." John suggested.
“Uh… you sure?” John looked up at the man.
“It’s been fine so far. I’ve never been that excited about Christmas.”
They were interrupted by a phone chime “Cab is outside. Come along, elf.” Sherlock stood up as John hopped off his lap “We can finish this later.” He squeezed John’s arse and nipped his ear (that yes, had an oversized pointy cap on it).
“Mmm. Well, I’ll look anyway.” Sherlock and John went towards what was now a shell of a living room, three bodies lay on the floor, completely barbequed.
John chuckled “I’m not gay, I’m bisexual.”
“What-how the fuck do you know that?”
“Fuck-John!” Sherlock gasped.
Lestrade made a hasty retreat after that but left with a fond smile on his face.
“Bees?” Sally chuckled.
“Of course, mum.” John nodded, left the last plate to drain and said “Have we got any plans between now and then?”
“Not tights.”
John growled in a manner that went right to Sherlock’s cock, and the doctor climbed on top of him and bit his lip, tugging gently “You fucking menace.” He stared down into his husband’s eyes “I’ll be thinking about that all day now.”
“Lestrade, where’s John? Fr-Sherlock’s asking for him.” Sally radioed in.
Speaking of the devils, Lestrade and Donovan, as well as two uniformed coppers, finally caught up with them. Donovan was already pulling out her handcuffs.
“Of course not. I had that secret rumbled by the time I was five. So yes, it rather lost the magic once I knew he wasn’t real.” The man climbed into bed and scooted over close to John “Is this… is this alright?” he put his hand across John’s waist.
John’s eyes flickered down to his bleary-eyed husband and mouthed the word “Harry”, he received a nod, then Sherlock pressed his face into John’s bare thigh and went back to sleep.
flirting, it’s hilarious watching him fake it. He’s rubbish.”
John sat in his armchair, texting a few responses to festive wishes from friends, when a long note was played by Sherlock on his violin. John looked up, and in front of the window frame stood his partner in everything. He was facing away, looking down to the street; back straight, posture perfect, a silhouette of beauty.
“I just didn’t expect to feel so upset about it.” Sherlock admitted.
“Fair enough. I suppose the quicker we go out there the quicker we can direct this party to it’s end. In a polite manner, of course.” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Some other elves were milling around helping keep the queue in some sort of order and entertaining the children.
“Look at you, John – building bridges. Such a kind boy.” Mrs Watson smiled, delighted.
“Molly!” John exclaimed, exiting the cupboard while buckling his belt closed. He looked messy, his greying hair spiked this way and that, his shirt unbuttoned at the top and collar askew.
around the night before, family dinners, day trips to festive venues. But… ah yes, the Mitchell case had rather enraptured them both for the last few weeks – and John had spent yesterday sleeping off the many nights of disturbed sleep. So that’s how Sherlock forgot. There hadn’t been the usual lead-up forewarning him.
“Fu-Sherlock!” John gasped, exasperated as he pulled his shirt into his chest.
“I made you coffee, I know you came to bed late last night. I didn’t want to wake you but I couldn’t wait any longer.” He grinned and placed the tray on Sherlock’s lap. On the tray was a cup of coffee for Sherlock and a tea for John, and a few slices of toast to share.
“We’re in the car. Two minutes away.” Was the short response.
“So this is new then?” she asked in surprise.
Sherlock smiled at the boy sat pulling out lego pieces from his new set “He gets it from you.” Which drew a smile from John.
John couldn’t keep the grin from his face “You cheeky…” he growled and climbed onto his husband who chuckled and pulled him down for a kiss.
“Oh, it’s quite alright Mrs Watson – my brother once kidnapped John and asked him for money to spy on me. So he’s allowed such a well-informed opinion.” Sherlock raised a peace-keeping hand.
Sherlock took a minute to look around the room, picking up a few old, framed family photos.
“Them too.” Sherlock was quick to answer.
“Bossy and interfering.” John added.
John was sat up in bed in his private room (thank you, Mycroft) watching some crap telly as he tried not to think about missing Christmas day at Baker Street. He loved seeing his kids open their gifts, and sharing food, and singing Christmas songs…
“John?” he asked tentatively, approaching him “Was that… was that alright?”
“Yes! Yes!” Hamish wiggled excitedly and John made a beeline for the 6ft tree section, bouncing his little girl as he walked which made her giggle.
“I think mid-afternoon. You know her though, she’s a bit of a free spirit! So we’ll have to wait and see!”
“What else did you expect?” Sherlock called back from his spot in front of the bathroom mirror as he applied some make up to age his face.
“Don’t be ridiculous.” Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s waist and watched him in the mirror “When you wear your nicer… people-mingling… clothes, I can never tell if I want to burrow into your arms and bask in your cosiness… or  rip them off of you and have my way…”
They moaned softly into each other’s mouths and came together, cum spurting against both of their stomachs.
How Sherlock had got them the jobs at such short notice he’ll never know, but it was a great position to investigate from; they had the whole day to watch their client’s son, who seemed to check his phone at least once every few minutes. He was doing the photography for the event today.
She left in a flourish and the room was plunged into silence as the door shut. Sherlock and John both sat beside one another in an awkward quiet.
“Me too.” John smiled.
“And I have six inches on you. So let me know if you require my assistance.” The smug look on Sherlock’s face only elicited a middle-fingered response from John before he left.
“I’m sorry to startle you, boys.” Mrs Watson said from the doorway, looking a little shocked and worried.
“Seriously, it was bound to happen one year or another – I know you don’t care for these types of things.” John shrugged, looking down at his own hands which lay against Sherlock’s bare chest.
“Tall as papa!?” Hamish gasped excitedly.
“We can get a really big tree, daddy! Big as the ceiling!” Hamish grinned.
“I will.” Sherlock smiled softly and pulled back enough to kiss John’s lips.
Brie nodded “Is he going to make me my barbie?” she pointed at John.
“Listen, I’ll cut to the chase. I know I wasn’t invited. I know last time we had words. I said some things. You said some things. I get it. But Clara’s kicked me out again. Mind putting me up for a day or two?”
“Oh… Oh…” Sherlock whispered as he lowered himself down to lie on John.
“I’m back!” he called out as he toed his shoes off at the front porch.
“Did they support you or…?”
“Mmm… tired. Want John.”
“Her what?”
He thought he might be hearing some indistinct cheers and hoots but to be honest all John really heard was Sherlock’s lips and his breathing and his soft hums.
“God, no. When I woke up and you weren’t there I did consider that marriage would make things easier. For a long time I’ve viewed you as my long-term partner, romantically speaking, sexually speaking, emotionally speaking. And a partner in our work too. I don’t see marriage changing things for us except for in a legal aspect.” Sherlock followed John upstairs and into the familiar warmth of their flat.
A little smile broke out on her face, she watched them a moment longer and couldn’t bring herself to feel annoyed that John had lied. Or upset that she didn’t have that kind of love anymore. She just felt happy for him. The last time she’d seen her brother he’d been pale, absent and grieving for the life in battle he was snatched from too soon. Seeing him today had been a real gift, he was the John she’d grown up with. Happy, comforting, funny, annoying. He was John again. And she had a sneaky suspicion now that she had a lanky detective to thank for that.
“I know it was kind of like a lie, pretending Santa was real. But it’s like a good lie. Like when you pretend to be someone else to get information for a case to catch bad guys.”
“I’m teasing you. That’s what we do? And what couples do, right? But it’s kind of you to ask. As you may be aware – I am not greatly experienced in that area of things. Or relationships generally. I’ve done things, of course. But as I grew older I realised I don’t fancy it unless it means something… on an emotional level.” Sherlock explained awkwardly.
“Indeed. Will that be tall enough for you?” Sherlock asked.
“I like your jumper.” Sherlock said, slightly awkwardly, before taking a sip of his drink and looking everywhere but at John.
“Oh! No, no, we’ve been together ages. Usually, he’s very particular about not being distracted during a case. But… well, today is our anniversary.” John smiled up at Sherlock.
“I don’t, doesn’t mean I can’t.” Sherlock smiled as he peeled a parsnip.
Sherlock sighed into his phone “Yes, Mrs Boyce. I’m quite sure your son has been using the money to indulge in his gambling habits. I know this is a shock. Yes, as I said, quite sure. Now, I believe my work is done. Enjoy your evening.” he hung up.
Classic Christmas tunes blared through the tinny speakers in 221b Baker Street and their annual Christmas Eve Party was in full swing. It was the place to be for lonely hearts and misfits alike, and residents Sherlock and John were for once in agreeance that it was a fun idea. Sherlock enjoyed watching the intricacies of social interactions and showing off his skills of deductions amongst colleagues –
“So… when did this start?” He gestured to the two of them as he sat in John’s armchair.
“Really?” Mrs Watson raised a curious eyebrow.
“I’m sad we can’t do presents at home today. Why can’t papa just come home?” Freya pouted.
“It is indeed.”
“Damn. On route with John. Need an ambulance? Over.” Greg’s voice echoed through the tinny speaker.
“Experiments? I thought he was a detective?”
“Yeah, maybe! Why don’t you go and watch telly with her while I finish up here? And we are going to go and get our Christmas Tree soon! Won’t that be fun?”
Running in dress pants wasn’t exactly John’s idea of comfort, or a successful date night, though John couldn’t say the same for his boyfriend; Sherlock was three steps in front and elatedly yelling “Hurry, John! We might lose her!” as they sprinted through the busy New Years Eve crowds along the Thames after their criminal of the week.
“How are you feeling today?” Sherlock asked, using a free hand to squeeze John’s as he did.
The two lay in relative silence as they read on their respective phone and book.
“That’s impressive, did you get tested to see if you were a genius?” she pondered and did the same curious head tilt that John sometimes did.
Pushed against the back wall, above a stack of latex glove boxes, all she could see was Sherlock Holmes’ bare backside. His trousers had fallen to his knees, his shirt was on and there were a pair of strong hands gripping the back of it. John’s recognisable shoes were digging into Sherlock’s thighs as he was in a lift above the floor.
John raised an eyebrow and couldn’t help the smirk on his face and the butterflies in his stomach.
“Well, whether I move in my sleep is out of my control – but when I attempt to sleep, which you know I can struggle with – my preferred side is the right one.” Sherlock smiled and picked up his phone from the side table.
“Yeah, go on!”
“First?”
A groan reverberated from John and he lifted his chin to give Sherlock more access to his neck “I like everything you do.” He sighed contentedly.
“Alright. Alright, text me your address. I’ll let you know an ETA.” She rung off and John sent her a text with the details.
“Indeed.” Sherlock smirked, squeezed John’s hand, then tucked into his dinner.
“You say questions. Some would say prying.” Sherlock chuckled.
“I told you the other day. Mrs Hudson has asked me to befriend her niece, show her the more… youthful sides of London. Make her feel at home here.”
“I’m always on your side, John.” Sherlock kissed him back.
December. He checked John’s phone. The same. But surely… it hadn’t come so soon. He thought he had a while before he had to partake in the slightly ridiculous celebration. He knew from the last few years that if there was one time of year that John Watson loved – it was Christmas. But where had the fuss been? Usually there were festivities –
“Ahh! We’re all here!” Mrs Hudson smiled.
“It has been! I don’t get to sight-see all that much, what with work and cases. So it’s been great to get out. Would you like to come in for a coffee?” John asked, gesturing to the door as they arrived.
“You are beautiful like this.” Sherlock lay down against John’s side, rested his head on the man’s chest, and playfully sucked on his nipple. John lazily attempted to push him away, too over-sensitised to handle any more.
“Mmm… too tired, John.” Sherlock grumbled “You can fuck me later.”
“Baubles, Hamish. And you can, but after lunch. The tree isn’t going anywhere.” He assured him and gestured at the plate for Hamish to return to.
“Additionally, I very much am looking forward to meeting the woman that birthed you.” Sherlock remarked.
“We’re in here!” his mum called back to him.
Eventually it was done, but to say that Hamish was impatient to bauble up the tree was an understatement. The boy left the kitchen table three times during lunch, and three times Sherlock carried him back to his chair.
“This gathering is going quite well.” Sherlock said into John’s ear as the shorter man leant against the kitchen doorframe and watched his friends having fun.
“Who’d have thought?”
“Oh goodness! Look who’s under the mistletoe!” an excited voice yelled over the music. John looked around trying to see who had been caught under one of Mrs Hudson’s sneaky spots. Both himself and Sherlock almost stiffened as most eyes in the room fell upon them. They looked up in unison and saw the item dangling above their heads, almost taunting them.
“Well, I’ll be back later tonight and perhaps we can see how you feel…” John turned in Sherlock’s arms, pressed a firm kiss to his lips, then pulled back just as a gentle knock sounded from their door.
“Ohh, yes.” John sighed happily and climbed off of him to go to the medicine cabinet “What about the ears?”
A few of the forensic team were pottering about attaining evidence, and two uniformed officers stood in the corner of the room. They were new, clearly, fresh faced and a little keen.
“To know what you want.” Sherlock stepped closer, if that was even possible, his chest now pressed against John’s side.
At six-thirty sharp on Christmas morning the house was awoken by a cry from the crib. Charlie was punctual, as always, and Sherlock pulled himself out of bed and shuffled over to him. The cries lessened to a slight mewling after he was picked up and soothed with gentle rocking.
“I uh… We were just…” John stammered.
“That sounds like a good idea, darling. Will Sherlock be going with you?”
John felt something inside him lift and simultaneously break at that. Maybe it was the Christmas spirit, maybe it was the mulled wine from last night giving him a moment of impulsivity. But he stood up, marched to Sherlock in the armchair, pulled him up to stand and guided him into a kiss.
“Harry?” John stood once more and stared, bewildered, at his sister.
Sherlock chuckled.
“Probably. But to be fair, this is the best way to ring in a new year. Doing what we do best.” John smiled up at him.
“When is Harry due to get here?” John asked as he collected the dishes, briefly brushing hands with Sherlock as he took his plate. The brush of fingers sent a tingle up John’s arm and the two locked eyes.
“Ahh, that’s good. He needs feeding up. Listen, John, my niece has just moved to London – she’s got a new job as a personal assistant to a newspaper editor, it’s all very exciting – and I was wondering if you’d mind showing her round a bit? Perhaps take her to dinner? She’s your age, and though I’ll be spending lots of time with her, I do think she’d appreciate someone… her own age.” She held her hands together hopefully.
“I did. Play that for me every year?”
He got a squeal from Lottie and a cheer from Hamish and the car pulled away from the kerb.
“Good.”
“Mmm… well you have been very good.” He slid a hand along John’s tight-clad legs and hummed in satisfaction at the smooth material that accentuated the muscles beneath “And I do like these tights on you.”
“Night, Sher.”
“John dear!” Mrs Watson returned to the kitchen, freshly showered and wearing a lovely pink cardigan John had got her a few years ago.
“Was my cock against your back this morning not enough of a clue?” Sherlock whispered in his low rumble that sent blood straight towards John’s cock.
“Johnny-boy!” she smiled.
Arriving back at Baker Street was a bit of a mission. They had to take the children in and have Mrs Hudson mind them while they returned to the car to attempt to get the tree down and upstairs.
“Yes, well, he’s my best friend. And he didn’t have any Christmas plans. Also, he has a habit of doing more dangerous experiments in our kitchen when I’m not there. So I dragged him along.”
“This has been lovely.” Tracy smiled as she looped her arm through John’s on their walk back to Baker Street.
"I look forward to it." Sherlock pressed one more kiss to John's lips then pulled away as Hamish loudly declared "Papa drive! We have to take the tree home!"
“Sherlock?” he found the man stood at the stove in the kitchen stirring a pan. This was particularly concerning because he almost never cooked.
Sherlock sighed “Fine. But you better fuck me now, so I’ll have the memory to keep me going during this farce.”
“Fine, but can we do it together?” John asked, resting an arm on the back of Sherlock’s kitchen chair.
“Good. It felt wrong without you this morning.”
“Tom-Harper. D.S Harper.”
“-John? Earth to John?” his mother called out, pulling him from his daydream.
“Harry called. She says she just woke up. Will hopefully be here around 4. She’s getting the train – mind meeting her at the station for me later?”
“Indeed. He even bought him a Christmas present this year.” Sherlock added.
“Well, my brother kidnapped you upon your first meeting with him. So, let’s call it even.”
“Yes, well, Harry didn’t see it that way. And I do feel bad for not being there for mum.”
“Well… nobody else could cope with someone as infuriating as Holmes.” She sent Greg an amused grin when the man snorted.
“Can I pick it, daddy?”
John looked back up at Sherlock and smiled, the first genuine one in the last few minutes.
Sherlock strapped Alfie into his baby carrier on his chest and hoped he didn’t get too much drool on his purple shirt.
“You’re shorter.” Sherlock retorted, still holding out the elf costume he’d got John.
“I know. But remember,” he pulled away to look into Sherlock’s eyes “He could be forty years old. But he will still need us. Just like when I was out in Afghanistan and I had an awful day, a bomb destroyed a small village… it was just awful. And you know what? Soon as I could, I rang my mum. I still needed her, Sherlock. And I was a thirty year old Captain in the army.”
“Well… sad because I like Santa. And it’s sad that he’s not real. But… it kind of means you and Dad are like Santa. And it’s really nice that you get me all those presents.” The boy reasoned.
“Mmm.. Sher…” John sighed and reached his hand down to twine with Sherlock’s that pressed against his stomach.
“Of course they are, it’s barely ten o’clock.” John shrugged as he sat on the edge of the rumpled bed tying his shoe laces.
“I can play ‘nice’ for a role, John.”
“Well look at you, stood there having emotions for me. I’m flattered.” John pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips and stood back a step to give them both a little breathing room “So. Just for the next two days let’s keep this private. But I tell you what – I think my mum really likes you. And she’s always hoped to see me with a serious partner. So when we do tell her she’ll be thrilled.” John turned back to the washing up and finished the last plate.
“It’s alright though, statistically your flirting skills work on me 100% of the time.” John grinned and leaned down to press a kiss to Sherlock’s lips.
“Oh Fuck-Sher…” John gasped, rolled them and pressed Sherlock into the mattress.
“Sorry about Angelo’s. I’m sure it would've been nice.” Sherlock looped his arm through John’s as they left the police to it.
After a day of chatting, hearty food, and photo albums - in which Sherlock actually took a few pictures of his favourite photographs of John on his camera phone to keep for his own amusement – much to John’s dismay, they retired for the night.
John barked a laugh “Please, they just tell you what you want to hear because you’re attractive. Not necessarily because your flirting skills actually worked.”
“Come on then.” John smiled at him as the two carried the mugs in to Mrs Watson and Harry.
“Both of us? I can sleep on the sofa, mum.” John said as Sherlock put his suitcase down at the end of the bed, which was adorned with a duck egg blue duvet that looked so cosy all John wanted to do was face-plant into the thing.
“You, Sherlock Holmes, have a preferred side of the bed?” John asked incredulously.
“All of them.” Tim said seriously.
“Come along, my children!” Sherlock called up the stairs.
Sherlock tore his eyes from his current scientific project and gave Arthur a curious frown “Oh no, did Daddy forget nap time is at two o’clock sharp?” he sympathised with his little boy, checking his watch that read 2:30, and pouted at the little one who was still crying pitifully into John’s shoulder.
Hamish continued to tap his feet against his seat until John turned around “Don’t kick my chair, poppet.”
“What-I’m not a feeder!” John whispered.
John blinked a few times “Yeah… yeah, needed to be done. Thanks, Sherlock.” He gripped Sherlock’s hand then looked to Mrs Hudson and Mycroft “I hope you don’t mind, I just need a few minutes.” He disappeared down the hall to his and Sherlock’s bedroom, the door shutting gently behind him.
“Why thank you, Gavin. Boudicca painted them this afternoon. She said the shade matched my eyes because of all the blues and greens.”
"Well then he had no chance. Double bossy equals bossy."
The room fell silent as they all looked at each other in confusion.
“Nonsense. I’ve seen you sleeping.”
“It’s hard. It’s a very slow detachment process – as he grows up he’ll become more independent. Until we get to a point where he’s an adult with his own place and family and life.” John rubbed his back.
“I know it sounds too cutesy for a man such as yourself…”
“Go and play. Perhaps we can have macaroni cheese tonight for dinner?”
The day went off without a hitch, which was shocking to all. Harry was blessedly sober and only sent a few harmless jokes John’s way. Nothing he couldn’t roll his eyes at. They ate dinner together and watched a few Christmas specials on TV. When the four retired to bed later on they were quite exhausted.
“Sex, Sherlock.” John rolled his eyes then paused “If… if that’s what you want…”
“But it’s Christmas. Will he still be able to play with me in the morning?”
Mrs Watson laughed “Mum’s the word.” And mimed locking her lips.
“I’m sorry – I didn’t know you were in there!” Molly heard her voice squeak.
“Heroin.” Was all the man managed to say.
“Ugh, no wonder I deleted it. Why do you have to go, John? Stay with me and I could do that thing you like. You know. My tongue-”
John looked up at his friend-boyfriend?- “Mhmm?”
Greg nodded. After a few minutes watching the crackling fire he turned back to the couple and queried “You don’t wear rings?”
“Hmmm… watching now. Used to be doing.” Sherlock unbuckled his large belt and sat down on the sofa with a contented hum as the cushions enveloped him in their comforting warmth.
“Off and on. Not as good as yours, I was surprised at how lovely your parents are together when I met them. But yeah… mine were fine. A few rough patches. But he looked after mum well, and she adored him. They mostly argued about me and Harry.”
“Well, I’m sure he didn’t mind – being dead and all.” Sherlock dismissed, almost drawing a bewildered chuckle from John.
After a few minutes he pulled away and tucked a stray piece of hair behind John’s ear “You are insatiable. Go and take a headache tablet, we’ll finish our tea, and then you can tell me what you want for Christmas.”
After dinner, with lights and baubles and tinsel covering most surfaces of the home as well as the tree, Sherlock and John lay on the sofa with Hamish and Lottie in their arms. The two children were sleeping on their chests, exhausted from the day.
John put Christmas music on the radio and pulled out the boxes of decorations for them all.
“Oh yes, you wouldn’t have heard of him; he’s boring and doesn’t give anyone any presents.” Sherlock revealed.
“Mhmm!” she nodded “Me and Papa watched Moana!”
Once John finally came back to Earth he wrapped his arms around Sherlock and said “You’re amazing.”
“Why wouldn’t it be?”
“Mmm… yes please. And an explanation.”
John took over from there, grabbing her arms and pinning them behind her back.
“Yes, I plan to shower you with nice things all day. As you are aware, gifts do not need to be materialistic or have monetary value.” Sherlock pressed a kiss to John’s nose then grabbed his tea for him and pushed it into his hands.
“Merry Christmas, Papa!” she smiled up at him.
“Yeah. You’re not police. This is kind of
John lay on his back on the bed, and what a sight he made for Sherlock. His lean muscular frame was completely relaxed into the mattress, his belly rising and falling as he caught his breath. With the distant euphoric look on his face, Sherlock was sure he’d made good on his promise and delivered the Doctor his very best blowjob of all time. Sherlock leaned over him and pressed some soft kisses around his face “Merry Christmas, John.”
“Really? You want
“Yes. She brought you into the world. And she raised you.” Sherlock said.
Pushing the door open Greg stepped into their living room and found the fireplace aglow and it’s warmth filling the room. The first thing he saw was John sat on the sofa in loungewear, and the second thing he saw made his eyebrows rise. Sherlock lay across the sofa, with his head resting in John’s lap. The taller man was wrapped in a duvet up to his chin and had John’s fingers tangled in his messy curls. He was fast asleep and thankfully had much more colour in his face than when Greg had last seen him.
Sherlock huffed a laugh “Please, your gifts to me were wonderful and thoughtful and shall keep me entertained. Though, for next year, go one better and just wear the kilt in person.”
“They did at the beginning. But the worse I got, as the years went by, I think they felt like every time they picked up the pieces or let me get away with it they were ‘giving a drunk a drink’, as it were. So they were trying to pull away in hopes I realised how much it upset them that I was abusing myself in such a way.” Sherlock explained “And maybe without their help I’d hit a kind of rock bottom that would turn me away from the path I was on.”
“And I’m also very excited to take you to your first pride parade!” she laughed at his expression “I’m just kidding – you’re so not cool enough to party with me.”
He couldn’t help the small smile that tugged at the corner of his own lips “Well… John is exceptional. Don’t tell him that though, his head will get so big I might not be able to get him through the doorway at home.”
They spent the day catching up, eating, watching crap telly, and Harry even managed to go to a meeting in the late afternoon. After dinner, Harry’s favourite – Spaghetti Bolognese – and a few more hours of rubbish television, Sherlock bowed out of any more socialising and retreated to the bedroom. The siblings could hear him playing his violin from behind the closed door and it was soothing to them both.
“Thank you, Sherlock.” John said quietly.
“I believe my legs might be too long for the sofa, John.” Sherlock interrupted “But I am amenable to sharing with you.”
“Of course not Angelo’s. That’s our special place. No, that one with the small menu of pizzas but the dough that’s to die for! You know, it’s not far from here – by Madame Tussaud’s.” John leaned down to kiss Sherlock once, twice, three more times, before he climbed off of his lap, adjusted himself in his trousers, then checked his reflection that he looked tidy to go out and mingle with people other than his husband.
“I know.” Sherlock sat down opposite him and held out his hand which John took.
“I want a barbie doll and for my big brother to stop being so annoying.” Brie sighed.
“How about a 6 foot one? That’ll be as tall as papa!” John smiled up at him.
“What about you and Harry?” Sherlock asked, picking up an old ornament.
“I’ve already told you, John’s on his way.”
“All ready?” John asked.
John chuckled and turned to give Sherlock a brief kiss "It's not the only thing I'll be lifting today."
With a quick conversation in hand gestures, John managed to get Sherlock to make some tea for them instead of standing awkwardly by the fireplace.
“For giving me this life. This family. You are the greatest gift to ever walk into my life.” Sherlock’s heart was all over his face, in his expressions and the eyes that bore into John’s own.
“You are a lovely boyfriend, Sherlock.” She went about making a pot of tea for the three of them “You both are of course! Much nicer than Mrs Turner’s married ones next door. All they do is argue with one another she says – she bets they won’t make it much longer and is already putting feelers out for new tenants.” She gossiped and they all settled into a comforting rhythm of chatter.
“Hey, Mishy, come show me your new lego.” The kid scrambled up and stood in front of John to show him the pictures on the box and all the bits he needed to build.
Sherlock stood and with a flourish pocketed his magnifying glass and pulled out his phone, tapping away “See if Molly is working…” he said absently to John while he crouched to have a look too, a grimace firmly in place at the painful injuries these victims had endured.
“Of course. I didn’t experiment on five turkeys over the course of a week only for the perfect Christmas day one to be ruined by a chill.” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Tracy here is staying for a coffee.” John smiled, then leaned in and pressed a brief kiss to Sherlock’s lips as he passed to the kettle.
“Yep! Just fine, John!” Sherlock’s voice was much higher than it was a few moments ago.
“But this is our flat.”
“Yet here you are.” Sherlock took a piece of John’s meat and winked as he took a bite. The detective felt pleased and smug at the joyous laugh that burst from John.
“Of course.” Sherlock conceded and pulled out the chair beside him.
Sherlock put his and John’s plates in the oven and turned to the other two in the room “I imagine we will be back in a few minutes. Don’t let your food go cold.” And he followed his boyfriend.
John rolled his eyes “Yes. But not to everybody. He’s a bit… standoffish, shall we say. Him and mum are getting along well, though.”
“You’re very sexy when you take control, John. Captain John.” Sherlock said loudly and with a tone of delight.
“Yeah! But daddy, I don’t want to watch telly! I want to be with you!” Hamish gave him those big wide eyes that John couldn’t say no to.
Sherlock smirked “Fight me.”
“Oh!” Mrs Watson tittered.
Sherlock, in his usual whirlwind manner, left the room and John couldn’t contain his smile at hearing the great detective doting on their daughter as he dressed her in the reindeer fleece onesie Molly had bought for her last week.
“That’s me. Pleased to meet you. Shall we head straight out?”
“Okay, well I’m nice.”
John was grateful for the small stool his mother kept in the kitchen.
“John…” Sherlock began, wondering how he was going to word this, but his boyfriend interrupted.
“Oh, I don’t think so, Mrs Watson. I rarely run unless chasing someone.” Sherlock smiled “I need a quick shower though.” He ducked out of the room and John watched him go, and not for the first time let his eyes fall to that tight backside that sauntered away.
“And what would you like for Christmas?” Sherlock asked, his script well-rehearsed at this point.
“There you two are! It’s a little late.” She admonished.
“This must be that guy Dan was talking about… the consultant…” John heard one of them, a tall woman, whisper to her colleague.
“Mind if I turn the light off?” John asked as he folded his book’s page over to mark it.
Twirling lights around the tree took about twice as long as it should have because Lottie kept stealing them and tangling them up.
“-you only said ‘Nice nails’. I am aware. However, the tone in which you chose was not appreciated and your intention was clear. It is certainly something I could bring up to your senior officer. Now, that wouldn’t be very good for your reputation as a budding new Sergeant, would it?” Sherlock was towering over the man now.
John was scrubbing oil out of the frying pan when he felt a tall, warm presence appear stealthily at his side “You need a bell.”
“So.” John ran his tongue along Sherlock’s bottom lip then gently nipped at it.
John sent her a thankful look as they rounded the corner to his mum’s home.
“I’ve only got a minute – your mum thinks I’m in the bathroom.” Sherlock walked forward with his long-legged strides and pulled John into a kiss “Do you know how good you look after a run?”
Sherlock shut the door in her face and hopped back upstairs. He was met with silence and the sight of John looking weary.
John huffed a laugh “The nose?”
“My sister’s in a really bad way. I’ve told her to come here.”
“Thank you for inviting me. It was certainly a worthwhile trip. Not least for seeing your baby pictures.” Sherlock bumped his arm against John’s teasingly.
John woke up earlier than his alarm on Christmas Eve. And it was to a warmth wrapped around him from behind, a soft breath on his neck, legs tangled with his own. And the feeling of something distinctive pressed against his back. John tiredly registered that his own cock was straining against his pyjama bottoms and, half-asleep, wiggled a little so the cock behind him moved to press against the cleft of his arse.
“Are… are you… sure…?” John asked between kisses as he twined his fingers in Sherlock’s hair.
He ignored the small gasp of surprise and delight behind him and just breathed in the smell and taste of Sherlock before pulling away.
“Yes, but I’m grey. And jolly. I should be Father Christmas.”
Hamish leant forward on the back of Sherlock’s head and sighed “What about a big one?”
“Fuck.” Sally grabbed her radio and transmitted to the team “This is DS Donovan. I’ve found him. Back alley behind Wormwood Street. He’s been dosed with heroin. He’s conscious and talking but very lethargic. Over.”
They walked blindly back towards the hallway and disappeared into Sherlock’s bedroom with a slam of the door.
“Don’t think, John. Do.” Sherlock wrapped his arms around him and squeezed John’s pert arse in his hands.
“No signs of withdrawal so perhaps she’s been sober for a while now. When was the last time you spoke?”
“Mmm?” John groaned.
“It’s fine – it’s rather romantic, I suppose.” Molly sent him what she hoped was an assuring smile before pointing at the door “Anyway, I’ve just got to go… print off a file. Sorry.”
“Can’t believe it took you two so long!” Mike called from his spot by the fireplace, and quite a few other guests seemed to agree.
“It is indeed. I doubt you’ll have much trouble though, you’re incredibly adept in all other areas, John.” Sherlock said.
The three men kept their ears perked but couldn’t hear much, only about a minute of muffled discussion before two sets of footsteps came upstairs.
“How does he know-… forget it, I’d rather not know.” John sighed.
Pulling open the door to the storage room in the mortuary, Molly was certainly not expecting the vision she was met with.
“I know, I know.” John waved his look away “Aside from being able to assist in defusing me when, and track record shows it’ll be
“Sounds good to me.” John pulled Sherlock fully on top of him and kissed him. Their tongues found each other, and hands languidly brushed up and down each other’s bodies. Shirts were hiked up as their abdomens pressed flush together.
Sherlock heard a huff of a laugh from behind him and John stroked an arm down Sherlock’s side “That’s not what I want.”
“That was wonderful, my love.” He took Sherlock’s violin, placed it down on the living room table gently, then pulled Sherlock towards him and held him in his arms.
Sherlock saw the frustrated look that fell over John’s face at mention of his sister’s ‘free spirit’ and gave Mrs Watson a fake smile to distract her from it “What’s the age difference between John and Harry?”
“Yeah, all good, mum.” He smiled and felt butterflies in his stomach at realising just how good he felt.
“Well we couldn’t very well do Christmas without you now, John, could we?” Sherlock rolled his eyes and put a bag of presents at the end of the bed.
“I know.”
“I think we do.” John patted their heads then ushered them to the tree.
“We’ve seen worse. And smelled worse.” Sherlock quirked an eyebrow at John before pulling out his magnifying glass and crouching beside the first body.
Sherlock frowned and sat up properly, rubbing his eyes. He checked his phone – it read 25
John was lying on the bed, back to the door.
“No, it’s not alright. It’s your favourite celebration. And I didn’t even get you a gift.” Sherlock sighed.
Harry was a mess. Sobbing into John’s jumper two hours later, bags of her stuff scattered in the doorway. She didn’t even acknowledge Sherlock, just fell into John’s arms crying. John dragged her to the sofa and held her tight.
John led her upstairs and opened the door, they found Sherlock in the kitchen leaning over a Bunsen burner, still in the pyjamas and dressing gown he was in earlier.
John’s jaw dropped open and he looked at the man beside him.
“Wow – that’s an important job!” she grinned and John smiled at her.
“No – I know people tease you both, but no.” he shrugged.
“Thank you for this.” John said sincerely.
“But Daddy, we need to see if Santa has come.” Hamish’s little face was panic-stricken at the thought of his Daddy not being able to do Christmas morning with him.
“Yes, well-“ she cut him off.
“I know, Sher.”
Harry cackled, making John flinch and everyone in the room besides his sister felt the air tense and chill as rage began to fill him.
job. I hear they only let you in ‘cause the D.I is your mate.”
Without much thought, simply moving with the moment, John turned around in Sherlock’s arms and was met with an equally semi-conscious but contented gaze. Their lips met and a breath left both men, a sigh of relief mixed with desperation.
“Good to know. I can think of other ways to get hot and sweaty.” John pushed Sherlock down on the bed and straddled his hips. Realising where this was going, they stopped for a moment and looked at each other a little breathlessly.
“Gave him a phone that you purposefully didn’t want because your wife inscribed it and at the time you hated her.” Sherlock ground out.
“Yes. But…”
“Donovan. You’re too good for Anderson.” Sherlock suddenly blurted and opened his eyes to look at her knowingly.
“Nah, as someone who knows what he’s like when he’s
“Yeah – speaking of – why are these randoms here? And you don’t even bother inviting your own sister to Christmas? What kind of lousy brother are you? After all I did for you when you got back from that war place.” She sauntered over to the table and sat in John’s seat, grabbing a potato and biting into it “Seriously, who wears waistcoats anymore? Who are you?” Harry scowled at Mycroft.
Not that John or Sherlock minded. They parented every child the same and loved them all fiercely. It was more for their amusement that they were guessing whose sperm was “quickest”.
“I beg to differ – you’re always trying to feed me.” John could hear the smirk in the man’s voice and suddenly felt the realisation dawn on him just how intimate this situation was. He could feel Sherlock’s warmth, could almost feel his breath in the air. Just a few inches that way and he could touch him.
“Come now, Tim, don’t you want some lovely presents this year? You have to be a good boy for Santa!” his mother tried to reason with him.
“Indeed. I’d agree it was a good lie. I was sceptical at first but once I saw how much you enjoyed the fantasy of it I let it carry on.”
“Definitely – nice and neat, love.” John ruffled her hair fondly “Have you been having a nice afternoon?”
“Not a word, Sherlock. Perhaps it’ll teach you a lesson about galivanting off after serial killers without me, hmm?” John pulled Sherlock up to stand and held most of his weight up as they walked.
“Does papa know we are coming?” Hamish asked.
“Not foolish at all.” John wiped a tear away and kissed his lips softly “You know, watching you become a father and embrace it with such heart has made me fall in love with you even more. Back before we had that little rascal, I was in love with you. A lot. Now, well, I’m in so deep there’s no hope for me at all. I’m a hopeless case.”
They both seemed to move at the same time, mouths smashed together, hands pulled desperately at t-shirts.
“Well… we were. Until yesterday.” John rubbed the back of his head.
“Well…” John moved to straddle Sherlock’s lap and pressed a hungry kiss to his lips “How about we take this to our bedroom? And you can ride me nice and hard?”
“You’re going to stay here a few days, recuperate. I’ll look after you. And we’ll find you an apartment close to your work. And Sherlock’s brother has some contacts, we’ll get you a good lawyer. Harry… you should also go to a meeting.”
“Wow – I drink my milk every day too!” she puffed up her chest in pride.
Lastly, he pulled out a case file.
“Sherlock Holmes.” The man beside her confirmed, watching Sherlock with a frown as he moved around the bodies. A snort came through the man’s nose and a funny look on his face.
When the two women went to the living room to catch up, Sherlock and John went about making them all a cup of tea in the kitchen.
“Why thank you. Happy to have pleased you so.”
“She’s not drunk.” Sherlock said quietly to John.
“Goodnight, John.” Sherlock said softly.
Christmas day was turning out to be rather a success. John had woken up with Sherlock wrapped around him like the sleeping limpet he always was, they’d had breakfast and exchanged gifts. After a shared shower (that left both men relaxed and sharing smirks for a good hour after) Sherlock pottered around the kitchen experimenting while John read a book in his armchair under the twinkling lights of the Christmas tree beside him. By mid-afternoon Sherlock’s experiments had been packed away to make room for cooking Christmas Dinner. Joining them for the celebratory feast was Mrs Hudson and Mycroft; Mr and Mrs Holmes had gone away for Christmas and John had felt bad for the elder Holmes brother and invited him to dinner at 221b, much to the exasperation but eventual acceptance of Sherlock. The detective agreed deep down. He just liked to be contrary when it came to his brother.
John grinned “It was a few months ago!”
“What do you mean date?” John asked and rested his hand in the crook of Sherlock’s elbow.
A laugh echoed around the bedroom that was soon joined with a chuckle that devolved into the sound of kisses and whispered “I love you”s.
“This is Mycroft. My brother.” Sherlock stated.
“…Distinctive?” John stumbled out after paying the driver, slinging his duffel bag over his good shoulder.
John shivered as Sherlock licked a path from the bottom of his ear to the top.
“He’s alright; had a nice hot bath and managed to persuade him to eat some warm food.” John said gently as he continued to run his fingers gently along Sherlock’s scalp. The love that Greg saw in the Doctor’s eyes as he looked down at the man made Greg sure.
What a sight to behold – Sherlock and his mum were sat at the coffee table in the living room. Both with a cup of tea, Sherlock was helping her wrap her presents.
“I’m thirty-nine, mum. Hardly a boy.” John sighed.
“Eugh! Sherlock – please don’t talk about my mother birthing me.”
John smiled and tucked a curl behind Sherlock’s ear “I’m lucky to have him. And I’m glad he’s happier now than how he used to feel. People don’t really get him – he’s awkward and smart and a bit rude. But really he’s quite a sweet person. Don’t tell him I told you that. But yeah… I’m so lucky I get to be the one to give him the love he deserved all along.”
Hamish did a little happy wiggle and ran back to his sisters to find more presents.
“Sorry mum, slept in.” John kissed her cheek and added “Merry Christmas.”
Next he found a plastic bag with some leaves in it.
“Cuddle?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
It was particularly joyous to see the look on Harper’s face outside when Lestrade said “Nice nails, Sherlock!” with sincerity and interest.
“Merry Christmas, John.”
“Indeed. So. Let this be a valuable lesson. Stay out of my way, and keep that over-inflated head of yours attached to your shoulders.” Sherlock stared the man down for another moment before waltzing out in search of Lestrade to update him on his findings.
“If he can’t, maybe I can give him a big cuddle and that’ll make him better!”
They returned to the kitchen and found Mrs Hudson detailing Mycroft with a disturbing amount of detail on an old exploit of hers from the eighties. Sherlock smirked at his brother’s bamboozled expression and returned the food to the table from the oven.
Sherlock took the chair beside the bed and got Alfie out of his carrier to perch on his knee and watch the present opening with those big eyes.
Sherlock turned fully in his chair to face his son and took his small hands in his “Thank you for being so grown up about it.”
“I know you do. Just don’t. Just come straight here.” John pleaded.
“Nice job, boys.” Lestrade praised as John let Edna go into the hands of the law.
“Of course. I know how it goes, John.” Sherlock pressed a kiss to the man’s forehead.
“You’ve got a little artist on your hands.” Greg smiled fondly.
“That you have.” John chuckled, running a hand through Sherlock’s curls fondly “Totally blew my box of gifts out of the water!”
They spent a few minutes stood in John’s mum’s kitchen. John’s wet hands had left marks on Sherlock’s back but neither cared, just enjoyed finally giving in to their desires.
“Good. Now. Before this escalates into slow loving sex, let’s take a breath. I’ve got tape to stick.”
“Busy? I’ll show you busy…” he whispered under his breath as he made it to the top, dumped the buggy, bag, and satchel in the doorway and then readjusted Arthur to stop his crying “It’s alright, darling, we’re all home now.”
“Merry Christmas, both of you. Come on then, let’s do presents.” She smiled.
John was sat in his armchair reading an old book and looked up in both surprise and excitement “Really? Where to?”
“Wait – you’re married?” Greg felt his eyes widen to a comical size.
“Merry Christmas, John.” Sherlock kissed his collarbone.
“Two extra long stories – I promise.” John pulled her into a tight squishy cuddle, he loved the bedtime routine. Bedtime was John’s time with Bo, the little girl spent most of her day glued to Sherlock but bedtime was all John’s. And it was always a cosy time filled with stories and fun bath time play with far too many toys to actually fit in the tub.
“So, what story tonight…?” Mrs Hudson asked as she led the little lady towards the staircase that led to her room. Arthur was already asleep thankfully.
John looked up to find his flatmate just beside him, a glass of mulled wine in his hand to match his own one, and the slender gentleman was wearing a delicious red shirt that just looked devastating. His pale skin glowed under all the Christmas lights and John’s throat was dry.
“Thank you. And again… we are so sorry you had to see that.” John bit his lip.
“Good afternoon. Tim, is it?” Sherlock asked, not feeling particularly jolly but trying to prove John wrong and maintain his ‘nice’ character perfectly.
John cleared his throat a tad awkwardly “Well… you forget to eat otherwise.” He shuffled around to get comfortable and sighed gratefully when he found the right position “Night, Sherlock.”
“Harriet. Your brother has requested you leave. Please do so.” Sherlock stood.
John cackled a laugh “I’m going for a shower.”
“We were… we were good. But she's had enough of me. Packed my bags and told me to leave.”
Harry tip-toed downstairs in the darkest hours of the night to get a glass of water, slipping through the living room to the kitchen and grabbing a cup, she quietly filled it from the tap then walked back towards her room. A shuffle came from the sofa and she looked over to see if her brother was awake only to see him tangled together in a mess of limbs, fast asleep, beside who she thought was his flatmate.
“NOW!”
“Hello there.” Sherlock smiled behind the beard “You must be Brie!”
“Mhmm… perhaps that is true.”
John sent her a warm smile “Not for long. Sherlock should be back in time for dinner.”
“That would be lovely, one sugar, no milk please.”
“Yes, I can. This is our house. And our festivities. If you require accommodation, I’d suggest the hostel two roads away in an Easterly direction, number 31. Say my name and they’ll let you in. And perhaps next time you come for a visit don’t be rude to your hosts. Maybe then you'll be permitted to stay.” He grabbed her elbow and marched her outside.
“I’m sure. Just needed a minute here to recoup. Thanks for all that though. Getting her out. Being on my side.” John turned around and pressed a gentle kiss to his lips.
“Yes, well perhaps next Christmas we will go to your parent’s. I’ll get a my own back.” John grinned.
“Sounds great, mum.” John smiled and took the tray of teas from her and placed it on his legs as he sat against the headboard beside Sherlock.
They lay quietly for a few minutes, just enjoying the sweet silence before a busy day, trailing their hands up and down each other in a gently explorative touch.
Sherlock looked aptly surprised but happy.
Sherlock put him out of his misery “John Watson, I wouldn’t be so foolish as to kiss you for a second time if I wasn’t serious. Your friendship means too much to me to risk it for anything less than a relationship.”
It was relatively busy this year, after the first Christmas Party last year had been a hit a few more people had the confidence to come to the event this year. Mike had turned up along with his wife, Molly and her new boyfriend of 2 weeks that she’d met online were there giggling giddily on the sofa, Lestrade had come alone, and John managed to interrupt his and Sherlock’s greetings before the consulting detective tried to discuss the man’s failing marriage to him. Mrs Hudson was the life of the party as usual – flitting about and chatting to everyone with enthusiasm. Mycroft had arrived an hour after everyone else, looking slightly like he was sucking on a lemon, but had taken up a stool by the window and was currently having what seemed to be a pleasant enough conversation with one of John’s colleagues from the clinic. Other than the usual gang, a few colleagues both from Scotland Yard and John’s part time GP job were in attendance, including Sarah, Anderson and Donavon.
They’d rented a car for the day – a jeep. John plugged Lottie into her car seat while Sherlock sorted Hamish out. The boy was absolutely beside himself with excitement, he had a Santa hat on and was excitedly kicking the back of the front passenger seat with his Marvel trainers that flashed red every time he did.
“I am. Mishy read me a book and I feel brave like a lion!”
“You have a brother?”
“What time do you usually get up?” Sherlock asked as he clicked his phone off and put it on John’s bedside table.
“That she’ll be thrilled?”
“He’s just up here.” Mrs Hudson said as she was followed into the kitchen by a woman with dyed blonde hair with dark roots. She wore relaxed trousers and a denim jacket – a christmas hat sat skewed atop of her head.
“Coo-ee! Oh boys! Look at you both! Let me get my camera.” Mrs Hudson appeared in the doorway and disappeared just as quickly. She came back and photographed them together.
Sherlock looked down at his daughters who looked equally concerned that they’d be opening their stockings without John there.
“Well.” John smiled and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s forehead “You’re incredible. Meeting you saved my life. Saved it from mundanity.”
John snapped out of his daze and cleared his throat “Yeah – yes! It’s really good. Even better than last year.” He smiled.
“You… are so beautiful…” John whispered into Sherlock’s neck and the man sighed contentedly and grinded his half-hard cock against John’s own.
“I know you’re trying to make up for the whole forgetting Christmas thing, Sherlock… but do you really think this is a good idea?” John bit his lip as he watched his boyfriend attempting to prepare the vegetables for their Christmas dinner.
“Papa got it for me.” Hamish smiled up at Sherlock.
Sherlock looked down at John with slightly bewildered eyes before his face changed to one of amusement and mischief.
“You kept it warm?” John smiled as he sat beside him.
John smirked after his husband then levelled the Sergeant with his own stare before leaving.
relationships.
“I didn’t give away your little secret, you did. So, I’d love a bottle of Chanel number five next year.”
“Fascinating.” John finished making the tea and brought Sherlock’s over.
to keep the peace?” Even Sherlock looked baffled at that.
“What!? John isn’t gay.”
“I know a lot of things. Because I observe. Also, it does help that John and I are intimately aware of one another; therefore, we talk about certain things.” Sherlock was well aware of the nastiness Harry Watson had projected onto her brother over their lifetime. The pair notoriously never got along and every time John had bailed her out she never learnt her lesson or extended a thanks.
“I think perhaps we have the best children in the world?” Sherlock chuckled.
“Indeed we do.” John smiled, wrapping an arm around Sherlock’s waist before pulling him towards the cab they’d called to go to Bart’s in.
John hummed in confirmation “Just a registry office job, but yes. My husband and I aren’t ones for theatrics – we get too much of that in our work life.”
Credits rolled on screen when Hamish appeared with his hand in John’s, pulling the man along.
They moved together in a slow dance under the duvet, all lips and hands and cocks.
“Merry Christmas, mum!” Harry wrapped her up tightly back and Sherlock stood on the other side of them watching curiously.
Freya ran into the room, a sparkly red dress on and matching pumps. She was Sherlock’s biologically – and it shined through in her grey eyes and dark curls that fell around her face.
“And dinner is ready!” John called from the kitchen.
The following day they made an appointment and went to the registry office to get married. It was quick and the only traditional thing they did was kiss after.
“I know, I’m sorry – I was looking forward to that too. But how about tomorrow I read you two stories?”
“Not enough to stop me doing this.” Sherlock took John’s face in his hands and pulled him in for a kiss. A slightly metallic tasting kiss, but John couldn’t say he minded that much when he had Sherlock Holmes’ tongue gliding across his own.
“I can sympathise with John.” Sherlock said, which got him an amused smile from John, who was now stood at the sink washing his dish.
“Would you like to smile for your picture?” their suspect elf / resident photographer held up his camera.
Sherlock pulled back and gave John an almost admonishing look “I used to struggle to contain myself when you came back from a run at home. But now I know I can have you…” he dove down and kissed along John’s neck.
John cleared his throat and blushed a deep red “Yes, mum?” he asked a little too quickly.
“I’ve just stood in that queue for half an hour.” The father put his hands on his hips.
“Mmm… well it doesn’t hurt to say it again.” They returned to the street that ran alongside the Thames river and were both momentarily startled at the lights and fireworks that lit up the sky.
John chuckled softly.
Waking up with Sherlock in his arms was a level of bliss John hadn’t known existed. It was warm and comforting. And the smell of home that exuded from Sherlock made him feel relaxed.
“Hi! Tracy, is it?” John smiled down at the petite woman with a brunette bob styled elegantly by London’s windy weather.
“Not this week, but we expect a few cases to come along very soon – Christmas and the New Year invites a lot of interesting domestic arguments and murders. Occasionally even interesting ones.” Sherlock bit a potato.
Hamish was just like John, very protective and caring – and he had seen a few of John’s nightmares in his time and always worried about him when they happened.
“Yeah. A Christmas that was perfectly pleasant before you arrived. You’ve done nothing but mouth-off since you got here.” John crossed his arms.
John sighed softly “Well, if you’re so interested I’m sure she will crack open the family photo albums for you to have a look at my genetic line.”
Sherlock came to sit at the edge of the bed “Yes, Daddy had a nightmare. Santa hasn’t been yet so you have to go back to sleep.”
“Come along then, let’s take it home and get to decorating.” Sherlock surged forward, he enjoyed the decorating process a lot – mostly because he always enjoyed seeing his children being creative.
“He is, but he needs to rest.” Sherlock said.
“Sorry… I just… thank you, Sherlock.” John smiled.
“Well, you’re single. Tracy is single and new to the area. I asked you to show her round, take her for dinner.” Mrs Hudson frowned, sending a confused frown to the three others.
“Ahh, a mission of ample importance.” John nodded seriously, leant down and pressed a kiss to his mouth. As their arousal dissipated they both settled into more of a cuddle.
“It’s alright, Sherlock.” John said, but his tight smile betrayed his feelings.
“A snowman? That’s cool! Do you remember when me, you, and papa made a snowman last year?” John smiled fondly down at his and Sherlock’s little firecracker of a son. His curly blonde hair was constantly messy recently, the child ‘too busy for a hairbrush, daddy’, and it shook as he nodded excitedly.
“Yeah… bloody miracle. Could you deduce anything…?”
John sent an apologetic smile to Sherlock, who was looking particularly vague considering only a minute ago he’d been gasping into John’s mouth.
“Just as magical the 43
“He’s bisexual.” Sherlock shrugged.
“Oh, well,” she waved him off “Do come in. Harry isn’t here till tomorrow.” She welcomed them into her home. John had only visited a few times; she’d downsized after his father died but it still felt very homely. Mrs Watson was good at making things warm and comfortable.
“Jam on your toast, Harry?” John asked over the kitchen table. He and Sherlock had woken up before her this morning and were still keeping a platonic distance between themselves.
“Again?” John grinned at Sherlock “How was that?” he raised an eyebrow.
“Please, Sherlock. My closing argument is that Mrs Hudson is visiting her sister over Christmas and I don’t want to come back to a pile of rubble.”
“Oh, you really did.”
“Go on, boys! It’s tradition!” Lestrade cheered.
“I brought you some tea. I don’t know if John’s still the same, but when he was a teenager he could barely get out of bed without a cup of tea.” She smiled fondly “And it’s eight-thirty, I thought we could have breakfast together soon?”
They spent the morning opening gifts, John had got Sherlock some science kit pieces that he didn’t have at home, which Sherlock was particularly excited by. And Sherlock had got John a soft blue jumper that was surely worth about 4 times any other item in John’s wardrobe, and a book on blogging.
“Of course!”
“I didn’t know you were coming! Merry Christmas! I’m so happy you’re here.” John grinned, feeling his headache lessen just at the joyous sight of his family.
“1 year married.” John grinned, wrapping an arm around Sherlock’s back. The taller man had a boyish, pleased smile on his face.
“Well…” Mrs Hudson put her hands on her hips “I’ll admit I’m surprised, after all the denial when I first met you, John. Though thinking back that was probably more denial of being gay specifically… not so much denial of fancying Sherlock. But I’m so happy for you both!” she sprung forward and pulled them into a hug.
“Right, Harry. I think you should go.” John said, already predicting the inevitable shouting match and thrown objects as was her usual reaction when she was this drunk. And he really didn’t have the patience for it.
“Ah! You’re back! And with… a guest.” Sherlock looked up and put his tongs down on the fireproof mat John had insisted he use to save the kitchen table from any more marks.
“Well. Your awkwardness aside, she’ll certainly be a fascinating woman! I wonder how much of your personality and looks are from her.”
“Nice nails.” The man finally spoke up in a teasing tone, a critical eye attached to Sherlock's turquoise nails.
John struggled his way up the stairs towards his flat, a crying one year old in one arm, a satchel bag across his shoulders, three plastic bags hanging painfully from just two fingers, and a collapsed buggy under his other arm.
Sherlock had been reluctant to leave his husband’s bedside yesterday evening, but John blearily promised he’d be fine and that he wanted their children to have at least one parent to wake up to on Christmas morning. Sherlock agreed with that, at least, and had returned home and relieved Mrs Hudson of her babysitting duties. Not that she minded – she loved being ‘Nana Hudson’.
“She’ll have to bunk in with me.” Mrs Watson smiled “Which will be nice, a girl’s sleepover!” she grinned “Let me go put the kettle on and make us some tea. You boys settle in.” she left the room in a flourish of merriment.
Hamish danced around the tree putting the baubles on, with Sherlock following behind and readjusting them so they wouldn’t fall off the branches, and John watched as his oldest decorated the tree with the same approach he had for everything in life: with excitement and wonderment. And the Doctor took a moment to treasure the sight of it. He hoped Hamish always felt this wonder.
“Oh, of course not.” John assured her “I’m a very proud bisexual man, married to this handsome hunk of genius. Very proud indeed. We’ve never been secretive about it. To be honest, you tease us about it enough I thought you knew.” Sherlock smiled happily down at him at those words.
“Intimately? Are you fucking him?” she laughed.
“Fine. But you owe me and extra Christmas present next year.” She smiled and turned back to the kitchen.
, of course.” Sherlock lied.
“Quite right.”
“Good plan.” John patted his backside and went for the door.
Sherlock jumped up as his phone began blaring from his bedside table.
John, reigning in his fuming as much as humanly possibly in hopes that his son would calm down, went to find his husband and daughter and hoped the term ‘busy’ meant tackling a house fire or an army of rats or something equally, justifiably, busy.
Molly made a hasty retreat to the lady’s toilet, sat down on the lid, and took a moment to have a little cry. She really liked Sherlock and thought that recently the detective had begun to warm to her. Now though, she realised that he was in such an improved mood because of his personal life. She liked John, he was kind and friendly, and they always had lovely chats when he visited the mortuary. But it still stung that the guy she was head over heels with was completely besotted with another.
“No, you shouldn’t have run off. It’ll be alright though.”
“Anyway, this barbie… I’ll relay your requests to my elves and see if they can make one for you. But you have to be good for your parents. Can you do that?” Sherlock smiled.
“What for?” Sherlock quirked his head curiously.
“Bad one?” Sherlock asked.
“So I’ve been told.” Sherlock stood staring at him.
The pair took turns in the bathroom preparing for bed and Sherlock was last out. John was lying in bed, on the left side, snuggled under the duvet and leafing through his most recent novella (he gave up reading anything longer than 1 or 200 pages a while ago).
After many raised eyebrows and cheeky suggestions aimed at her 221b residents, Mrs Hudson had come to accept that John “not gay” Watson wasn’t in a relationship with Sherlock Holmes, and that her suspicions about the pair were unfounded. John frequently rejected her questions regarding his sexuality with “I’m not gay”, and besides that the pair were fairly independent, she heard them argue many times but over the time they’d lived above her she’d never even seen them kiss.
“Thanks Mr Claus Sir!” John took her back to her parents and handed them a small gift bag.
“No. We wait till we are with papa.” Sherlock sighed. It was the fourth time she’d asked.
“-and then Mrs Turner tells me her married ones are both cheating on one another behind the other’s back! I told her don’t you go getting involved in their private lives, they’ll figure it ou-“
“Let’s go back out there.” John said.
John’s face flushed red and he choked on his own tongue “Wha-Harry!”
"Oh, darling! If you keep tying these in knots we'll never get this done." John sighed as he picked her up and watched Sherlock tackle the job of untangling.
Sherlock looked down and met his eyes which sparkled in joy. They met in a short kiss again before Sherlock squeezed his shoulder and announced “Perhaps some violin music to calm you all down from such an exciting evening.” He sent Molly a knowing look and she blushed with a grin and a thumbs up and a point to John.
“Yes.” Sherlock said quietly, took a cup from the tray and sipped the tea.
“I… uhh.. it’s fine. Umm. Sorry, I didn’t know you two were…” Molly gestured between the couple “Is this new?”
John’s heart clenched at the milestone that their son just took. He took a breath, then used his hand to untangle Sherlock’s from the wooden spoon and guided him to turn around and face him “It was bound to happen sooner or later.”
“Look!” Hamish tapped the window.
“Good boy. So helpful.” Sherlock ran a hand through Hamish’s curls then pressed a kiss to John’s cheek “Nearly ready to go?”
Massive explosions suddenly erupted above them and elated screams from the crowd could be heard as midnight was struck.
“You remember?”
“Nonsense, you three have been very good this year. He won’t miss our house. Now, come along Hamish, let’s leave Ava and Amelia to get to sleep.” He reached over and picked up his eldest. Hamish wrapped his legs around Sherlock’s waist and tiredly snuggled into his shoulder.
“Morning, boys!” a high and happy voice burst through their bubble.
“Your mate is coming, remember. I already said.” She held in a sigh, she hated talking to people when they were high or drunk.
“Okay, Papa. And don’t worry, Charlie isn’t awake.” Hamish said. Sherlock felt relief at that at least – if their new-born baby was awake he certainly wouldn’t be able to give John as much attention and comfort that he needed.
“That isn’t a familiar knocking pattern.” Sherlock said after a moment.
“I’ve called a cab; they’ll be outside in a moment. Come on.” Sherlock picked up the presents and led his children out of 221b and into the awaiting cab.
“That’s brilliant, thanks mate!” John shook the man’s hand once it was secure.
“Want to dry some plates for me?” John put a tea towel and a plastic peppa pig plate into his son’s hands.
“For what?” John tilted his chin up to look at his husband.
“This jumper doesn’t make me look… frumpy?”
“Oh, yes, that’d be lovely!” Tracy smiled with a hint of a blush. John picked up on it but assumed it was just nervousness of new friendship and perhaps seeing Sherlock, who John had told her much about during the day.
“Nothing to worry about, mum!” John chimed in “Me and Mycroft are on… relatively decent terms now.”
Greg laughed at that “Fair enough.” He watched the pair for a few moments before saying “Well, I’m happy for you. I remember when I first met Sherlock – fresh out of rehab and gasping for a hit or a puzzle. He’s changed a lot over the years. But since he’s had you, I’ve never seen him so happy. And settled.”
“Is this your father?” Sherlock held up a picture of a young man with John’s more sterner features, such as his eyes.
“Yes. She’s quite taken with you. I think she’s really enjoying all your questions about my childhood. She loves reminiscing.” He finally answered.
“That was on your behalf, Sherlock.” John said “You may not see eye to eye, but you care for one another – and he’s got you out of a few messes this year. It’s only right you give him a gift on Christmas.”
Sherlock turned to look at John with a smirk “Why? What did you think?”
“A-and that is…?” John kept his eyes on Sherlock’s.
“Nah, there wasn’t a proposal, nor a proper wedding, so just never bothered with them.” John shrugged “Comes in useful in our line of work – the amount of times Sherlock has faked flirting with someone for information…” he chuckled.
“Happy New Year, Sherlock.” John kissed him one more time “Let’s get you home and patched up.”
“Clara?” John asked quietly, burying his spare hand in Sherlock’s locks.
“Your shoes are on the wrong feet, sweetheart.” Sherlock sat her on the sofa and knelt before her to help her swap them over.
“Then what reason do you have for waking me up at this hateful hour?” Sherlock squinted one eye open to see the early morning light coming through the gap in the curtains.
“I forgot. That it’s Christmas.” Sherlock forced himself to say.
Two weeks later, on the 23
“Get off!” she shouted and tried to tug her arms free in a vain attempt.
John giggled “Merry Christmas.”
“Kidnapped?” she asked incredulously.
“Goodnight, sweethearts. I love you.”
After a little bit more firework watching John turned into Sherlock’s hold to face him properly “I love you.”
“That’s good!”
“Sherlock Holmes.” Sherlock nodded in his first greeting to his sister-in-law.
Lottie sat at John’s hip and touched some of the branches curiously. “Snow is falling… All around us…” John sang quietly into her ear as she touched the tinsel, mesmerised.
“Because. Harry’s coming – so I need a buffer. If she gets drunk and ruins another Christmas I might just about explode. My mum is getting old now, and she hates it when we fight. I just want her to have a nice Christmas.”
Sherlock pouted and looked out the window for the rest of the journey. But he didn’t let go of John’s hand.
"Well aren't you a bossy-boots today." Sherlock looked at his son in a mirror.
John climbed off of him and helped him up “Thanks, tape boy.”
“Mhmm. Husband. We’re going to be together. When we’re old. I’m going to keep bees.” A frankly delirious smile graced Sherlock’s face.
“This house is too small for you to be parked up on the sofa. And with your shoulder, dear…”
“No, I’ll be fine.” John waved her off.
"Your son, Mr No-pudding-unless-the-broccoli-is-eaten." Sherlock exclaimed, referencing last night's dinner argument between John and Hamish.
“Can I…” John tugged gently at Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms.
“What the-who is that? Today of all days.” John frowned, put his knife and fork down, and stood to investigate.
“I can’t believe you all waited for me.” John looked up at Sherlock.
John laughed “You’re mad.” He ran a hand over Sherlock’s curls only for the man to scowl at their sure disarray and correct them to their perfect place.
“What?” John’s gentle eyes bore into his.
“Arty gets so grumpy without sleep.” Bo sighed.
They were silent for a few minutes.
“I have an older brother. He is particularly… bossy.”
“Come on, after all I did for you when you got back? Gave you a phone.”
“An explanation of what exactly you two are. Certainly not just flatmates; I don’t think flatmates cuddle. Lovers? Fuck-buddies? Boyfriends?”
“Thought I’d come visit my little brother for Crimbo!” she pulled back, put an arm over his shoulder and looked down at the Holmes Brothers who sat quietly scrutinising her.
But all the same, the word ‘busy’ was not what he wanted to hear right now.
“Ah, was that the item you had to take back because the tag was left on?” Sherlock smirked fondly at the memory of John’s face when he unpacked that shopping bag.
“Just came to see how he was.” Greg shut the door behind him and moved further into the room.
“Well, you, Sherlock Holmes, are the gift that keeps on giving.” John sighed breathlessly as Sherlock breathed hard against his chest as they came down from their climaxes.
“I love you too.”
Once they pulled apart John’s mum dragged them both into a hug of her own “Oh, boys! I can’t say I’m truly surprised. But I am so happy for you!”
“Again, Papa?!” Hamish rolled his eyes but reached his arms out to him anyway.
“Sherlock! Thank God, we’ve been looking all over for you. You can’t just run off – you don’t even have a radio or anything.” Donovan crouched down to check on the man. She found him with unfocussed eyes and a lack of co-ordination “Sherlock? It’s me – Donovan. Are you alright?”
“No, but it’s always nice to receive gifts.” Sherlock said softly, running a hand through John’s soft hair.
“Sherlock. Hey.” John shook his husband’s shoulder until he looked up at him.
“Daddy?”
“Hush now.” He whispered and looked over to the lump on the bed that was his husband. Still curled in on himself. Not a brilliant sign.
“Merry Christmas.”
“Get out, Gavin. I’m going to have sex with my husband.” Sherlock said as he wrapped his arms around John’s back and pulled him down for more.
“Oh, brilliant. There’s the nose.” Sherlock grinned.
The trio shared breakfast in the small kitchen, Mrs Watson excitedly asking them about cases. John and Sherlock spent the meal mostly distracted by her questions and the food. As their plates cleared John said “I’ll wash up, mum. Thanks for breakfast.”
“Wha-husbands!? And I wasn’t invited to the wedding!?” Harry scowled.
– and John enjoyed spending time with people other than just Sherlock (though he did enjoy spending time with just Sherlock a lot too, not that he thought about that too much… or every day…).
Harry laughed and shook her head “Nope. But I like it. You just do your own thing. You always have. Dad didn’t want you to spend years at uni ‘
“Happy New Year, John.” Sherlock pulled back with gentle eyes that John was honoured to receive.
When John was finally done with the shopping and had refreshed himself somewhat he returned to the kitchen to find his family much calmer than a few minutes ago. Arthur was asleep in Sherlock’s arms, his head lolled a little but cushioned carefully in Sherlock’s elbow.
“Do you get jealous?” Greg asked “My wife would hate if I did that.”
“And put the hat back on for it.”
They were investigating a man who worked as an “elf” at a “Santa’s workshop”. His mother had come to Sherlock and John for their help – she was worried he was in some sort of trouble – having borrowed large sums of money from both parents and a sibling and now having gone silent on them.
“John?” Sherlock said softly as he shut the door behind him.
Tim wiped his face against his sleeve and nodded “Okay.”
“Will that be my gift?” John raised an eyebrow.
“Mum!” John cut in.
“What?” John frowned.
“Yes. Your nose. It’s her nose. It’s very distinctive.” Sherlock opened the taxi door and stepped out gracefully, luggage in hand.
“Yes, Hamish?”
“Also…” Sherlock added “John’s proud of me. Of being mine.”
“But I was hoping, now the work is done, me and you might be able to finish what we started earlier? I’ve wanted to get my hands in this beard all day.” John raised an eyebrow and leaned down to kiss Sherlock, tangling a hand in the long white hair under his chin. Running his tongue gently across Sherlock’s cupid bow and then nipping his bottom lip and drawing a deep groan from the man beneath him, John knew his method of temptation was working. Sherlock wrapped his arms around him and pulled him closer.
“No, no, you’ll take my bedroom.” John left out the fact that it only
“Couldn’t sleep?” he mumbled sleepily, wrapping an arm around Sherlock’s back.
John twirled his fingers through Sherlock’s hair gently as the man slumbered beside him, his head on his shoulder. Their legs were tangled under the sheets and the morning light was creeping through the curtains.
John looked back at Sherlock and they shared an exasperated gaze.
“Papa!” He was interrupted from his thoughts as his daughter burst into the room and jumped up onto his bed.
This caught Sherlock’s attention and he looked up at the fresh faced officer, clearly unimpressed with what he saw.
“What’s marvellous?” John rested his book against his chest.
“I might go for a run.” He needed the fresh air. And perhaps a bit of time to think and adjust to the fact that he was now venturing into a relationship with Sherlock Holmes.
“Yeah, Dad?”
“Come to Baker Street. I’ll send you the address. Get a cab, I’ll pay. Just come here. Harry don’t…” John paused “Please don’t drink.”
“And-and then I opened the calendar! And it was a picture of a snowman!” Hamish, 4 years old, stood beside John in the kitchen. The Doctor was at the sink washing up after breakfast while Sherlock was in the shower. Hamish’s little hand was gripped on John’s jeans.
“Sherlock! A little help please!” he yelled halfway up.
“Cheese!” Tim smiled through his teary cheeks and snotty nose.
“Married!? Boys!” she exclaimed excitedly.
“I don’t think so, Edna. We’ve got Scotland Yard right behind us.” Sherlock crossed his arms.
“Really? I mean, I love my mum, of course I do, but she’s lived a fairly quiet life, keeps busy… But I dunno, she’s not a genius or a villain or-“
John grinned “Thanks.” He squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder as he walked past him, out of the kitchen to take a seat in the living room.
“Yes, well, he has hobbies.”
“And obviously I want him to grow up. It’s my life’s joy. And I wouldn’t have it any other way. But it’s just…”
John began walking Sherlock backwards to the other side of the kitchen doorframe and gating him in as they kissed.
“Oh, thank you, sweetheart.” She smiled and squeezed his hand.
“Ahh, a request I can sympathise with.” Sherlock chuckled.
Both men’s eyes met in a comically wide look of shared shock. And just as the door was being pushed open they rolled apart.
“But this journey is taking for ages.” She sighed and stared out the window.
“I’ve always wondered how good Three-Continents-Watson is under the mistletoe.” Sherlock’s eyes flickered down to his lips.
“You liked it?”
John left Sherlock and his mother back at the house and took a short walk to the station, he was only waiting around for ten minutes before the train pulled in. Harry Watson hopped onto the platform, spotted John immediately, she scanned her ticket before running over to him.
“What’s that you’re saying about me, Sher?” John’s amused voice sounded around the quiet alley and got the attention of the seated Sherlock and the crouched Sergeant. They looked up to see Greg and John walking over.
“Hey, Sher… wake up.” John leaned over him, his naked chest pressed up against Sherlock’s back.
“You’re disappointed.”
“Smells delightful.” Mycroft smiled.
John reached a hand out and took Hamish’s “Not yet, darling.”
“You guys are the best!” John gave them each an affectionate smile and pulled Hamish up onto the bed too.
“Yes, but I mean to say – I completely forgot. I didn’t think about it prior to this morning. I… I didn’t get you a gift.” Sherlock said quietly, feeling his heart sink a little as John stopped flicking his perky nipple and looked up to properly catch his eye.
Muffled loves were returned as Sherlock reached down with one free hand and stroked both of their hair.
“Picture? Say cheese!”
The credits rolled and Sherlock pressed his lips to John’s ear “Ready for your last present?”
“Coming daddy!” the voice of his and John’s five-year-old daughter, Freya, came from upstairs.
“Papa! I’m helping daddy! I’m doing the drying!” Hamish beamed up at him.
“Interesting.” Sherlock said quietly, then began unpacking.
She nodded in awe, completely forgetting she had a name sticker on her sparkly red jumper.
“I know after what just happened you want the place to ourselves. But hey, we’ve got all day tomorrow for it.” He folded Sherlock’s collar down and did his second-to-top button up.
“Santa! Santa!” a small girl bounded over and John picked her up and placed her on Sherlock’s knee.
The day Sherlock and John got married was a fairly uneventful one. They had decided, after a rather frustrating night in hospital when Sherlock had been knocked out on a chase and John hadn’t been allowed to see him because “family only”, that it was the logical route for their relationship.
“My favourite.” John smiled as he took a seat.
“Eugh.” John blocked his nose from the smell.
“No-wait. There wasn’t a wedding! Just… just a marriage. Uhh…”
“John is by far the least annoying person in this flat.” Sherlock said.
"Oh really?" John quirked an eyebrow and watched Sherlock from the corner of his eye.
“Mhmm… very smart. Bees. Want John.”
“Sherlock, let’s just go home. We can come back later, alright?” John looked up with hopeful eyes.
“It’s beautiful.” Sherlock smiled.
“Good. Anything specific you want?”
“Merry Christmas, sweethearts!” Sherlock smiled as they all wrapped around his legs excitedly.
“Nice? To endless queues of small children demanding gifts?”
John put his hand over his eyes in exasperation as he listened to them argue.
“Of course! We will make ourselves scarce.”
“Um, fine. What are you doing here?” John took a subtle sniff of the air and scrunched his nose at the reek of beer. Last time they spoke they had fought and it ended with him saying unless she got sober he wouldn’t be willing to be there for her anymore.
“John. This is… this is all so wonderful. Thank you.” Sherlock said sincerely, put the box of gifts aside, as well as the plate of slowly cooling food and drinks, and pulled the man into his lap and down for a kiss. It was languid and loving, and in the early morning quiet of Christmas day the only sounds were their gentle breathing and hands sliding across skin.
“Elves wear tights, John.”
“Mmm. John Watson… John Holmes doesn’t suit him. Sherlock Watson doesn’t suit me. Double barrel… could be. But… no. My John Watson is perfect as he is.” Sherlock sighed without opening his eyes “Smart. And good with people. I’m rubbish at people. He’s good at everything. So good in bed.”
Dressed for the day, Sherlock and John went to the living room to find Harry and Mrs Watson on the sofa waiting for them.
“And Hamish?” John asked as he fondly watched the two join in a cuddle on their sofa.
“Okay.” Hamish nodded, leaned over John to give the duvet lump a hug then climbed off the bed to lead the family to the living room.
“Oi, don’t you know it’s rude to ignore someone talking to you.” The man stepped forward “Especially seeing as you're our guest.”
“Can I just open one now?” Freya pleaded with her big grey eyes.
“Oh no, this is Johnbo! My head elf! He’s far too busy looking after me and the reindeers.”
“Why not?” Sherlock frowned “Wouldn’t she be happy for you?”
Sherlock was awake already, just enjoying being held by John while he scrolled on his phone.
“Ah. I remember.”
“Finish that sentence and I’ll have you in rehab faster than you can finish that wine.” Mycroft interrupted.
“I understand, but if your little one doesn’t want to see Santa right now that is the best we can offer you. And I am told the queue quietens down after 3.” John placated as best he could over the loud cries of the child.
“Oh come on, John. Don’t be over-dramatic about everything.”
Hamish helped everyone find a present with their name on while John sat beside Sherlock and took Charlie into his arms for a cuddle. The three older ones opened up the wrapping and John watched with fond eyes, resting his head on Sherlock’s shoulder and taking a breath through his nose and inhaling that comforting scent “Thanks for letting me rest this morning.”
“Thank you, Mrs Watson.”
Sherlock looked at the time on his phone “Probably best. What time do we have to be up tomorrow?”
“Hear that, Sherlock? He’ll be here soon.” The alleyway fell silent but for Sherlock’s heavy breathing “So…” Sally said awkwardly “John Watson, huh?”
Sherlock was awoken with a start by his husband beside him yelling out a muffled, strained sound. He looked to his right and saw a familiar but always upsetting sight. John lay on his back, face scrunched up in pain, fists clenched in the sheets, and breath laboriously exiting through gritted teeth. Sherlock reached out and placed a hand on his shoulder gently.
The room fell silent and Sherlock just held him for a few minutes. He rubbed his thumb back and forth on John’s waist in time with the ticking clock from John's bedside table.
“Nah, nah, I’ll have some of this.” She grabbed the bottle of wine from the middle of the table, topped up John’s glass and took a swig “Ohh, this is lovely – you’re doing well for yourself John!”
He tapped gently on the door to the flat and heard a soft “come in” from John beyond.
After breakfast and lots of looking around the tree at all the presents, Sherlock sat on the sofa with Charlie curled up on his chest, Amelia and Ava on either side of him, and Hamish sat in Sherlock’s old armchair, which was his favourite spot for movies. They chose Polar Express, a firm favourite amongst the children, and settled in for a quiet morning.
John had planned dinner at Angelo’s for tonight but they never made it to the restaurant – a call from Lestrade causing abandonment of their plans and a mad dash towards where he had tipped them off that she might be. After a triple murder that had puzzled even Sherlock it was good to finally feel so close to Edna Green’s capture.
“Ah, marvellous.” Sherlock announced as he swung into bed. They both wore soft pyjamas to keep them warm from the winter weather.
“I know! So many trees! One of them will be ours!”
“No, well I… Listen, it’s fine.” John put on his brave face.
“Oh yeah. From the papers. Nice to meet you.” She looked around then at her brother “I’ll… I don’t want to inconvenience you. I’ll take the sofa.”
“Harry, why don’t I get you some water?” John suggested, sharing a slightly worried look with Mrs Hudson as his sister picked up his wine glass and inspected it.
“You… hot and sweaty… wearing that tight shirt. I can see your muscles.” Sherlock stroked his hands down John’s chest appreciatively.
John sat on the middle of the sofa and fed Alfie while he watched Freya and Hamish play with a new science kit they’d been given.
“Fascinating. Well, Harper, D.S Harper,” Sherlock was being sarcastic now – bitingly so “I do apologise for ignoring you in
John felt as if Sherlock had reached into his chest and squeezed his heart just at the sheer sincerity and beauty of those words “Wow… Sherlock… That means a lot. And agreed. I mean… I’ve had feelings for a while. Didn’t want to act on them because I didn’t think you’d want to… but you do. Clearly. So…”
“Well well well…” Harry Watson’s voice broke through their sneaking. The pair turned to the kitchen doorway to see her stood sipping a mug of tea and smirking “Have fun in there?”
“And how does that make you feel?”
Bo spun around from where she sat on his knees and grinned “Actually two!? Long stories – not little ones!”
“You don’t cook.”
“Take me to bed?” John whispered, and Sherlock needed no more instruction. He hauled John up and helped him limp back to their bedroom. He guided the man into the bedsheets tucked him in before bringing him a glass of water which John took with shaky hands. After a few sips, John pushed the glass into Sherlock’s hands and curled onto his side, burying his face under the covers.
“Not really, dear. I’ve got some present wrapping to do.” She rubbed his arm as she passed him.
“You’re such a smart young man I bet you were playing chess when you were little.” She smiled and moved her pawn forward two spaces.
Hamish wanted almost every tree he saw.
“I know. But he got a concussion yesterday when we were chasing down a bad man and the doctors want to keep him under observation for twenty-four hours.”
John was pulling his jeans on when the door to the guest room burst open and shut quickly.
“I… uhhh…”
“Charmer.”
The day trip was lovely, John got to enjoy visiting the Victoria & Albert Museum. The Science Museum was just across the road but he was saving that idea for a date with Sherlock. They went to the Italian restaurant and ordered dinner, dessert, and got through two bottles of the house red.
“Yeah. I’m a bit exhausted after today. Not used to socialising this much. Want to just… cuddle?” John felt embarrassed just saying the word.
Sherlock huffed a soft laugh and pulled him in for a hug “Don’t be silly. Your Dad is King of Christmas. And he knows Santa isn’t real. We will still have lots of fun, eat good food, bake gingerbread men, put up decorations and get a tree, watch the movies you like. And you’ll still get nice gifts that you can open, but now you’ll just know it was from me and dad.”
“But John-“
“Are you all on your own this evening, John?” she announced herself as she leaned against the kitchen doorway.
“Okay.” Sherlock said “I don’t mind having her here for a few days.”
“Well done, Tim! Here’s your goodie bag! Merry Christmas!” John smiled and took him back to his parents.
“Just like my brother!” Brie grinned.
“I’m kidding. I get it. No more teasing.”
John opened his mouth to say something; it could’ve been a staunch denial of any seriousness about the morning’s kiss, it could’ve been a question of whether Sherlock wanted to do that again. But before he could even begin to decide which he would say his mum’s voice broke through “John, sorry sweetheart, can you come here and help me reach something from the top cupboard?”
“Busy!” Sherlock yelled right back followed by their six year old’s parrot “Yes Daddy! Busy!”
“Happy to. And there’s more to come.”
“Business not booming at the moment then, Sherlock?” Mycroft raised a brow.
time as the 1
“Freya?” John immediately wrapped his arms around her.
sure? What about you? Mr I’m-Not-Gay Watson?”
“Well, we aren’t very demonstrative while on cases. Sherlock doesn’t like me distracting him.” John’s fingers moved to stroke the shell of his ear “But to answer your initial question; we’ve been together about a year and a half. Married for about three months.”
“Papa? What’s that noise? Is Santa here?” Seven year old Hamish, their eldest, swung around the bathroom door, he had a smile on his little face that fell once he saw his Dad.
“Boundaries? John, it was simply an experiment over the course of a week on sleeping patterns. And –“
“You are hardly jolly, John.”
Tim nodded “Santa, I want a new bike. And a scooter like Gemma in my class. And a lego batman car.”
“Very. So... Could you just do me a favour and give me a little time before telling mum and everyone? We’re only just getting used to it ourselves.” John gave her those big pleading eyes.
Sherlock watched them quietly for a few moments before returning to the living room.
“Kiss him!”
John tucked his phone away and watched as Sherlock turned to face him and began playing a beautiful peace, filled with those trademark Christmas stylings that John loved in music, and underpinned by the most romantic sway he’d heard in a long time. And it was all for him.
Mrs Hudson disappeared back to her own apartment for a video call with her sister and Sherlock and John plated up their Christmas Dinner. As John laid out some drinks for them and lit a candle, Sherlock disappeared.
“Today was alright. Are you looking forward to tomorrow?” John asked from under the duvet as Sherlock pulled on his pyjamas.
“The best kind.”
“Thanks for this.” Sherlock whispered.
John put his bag down on the table and came up behind him, wrapped his arms around his waist and rested his head on the back of his neck “What’s wrong?”
“Please. As if I’d pass up a whole day of sex with you after that performance.”
“Mhmm, five minutes! Go get Lottie ready.” John smiled, turned his head to kiss his husband on the mouth.
“Mmm… be careful, you’ve opened up a potential space for my bishop to move. And yes, I was playing chess with my brother from age four.”
“It’s quite alright, Mrs Watson.” Sherlock climbed back into bed, both men grateful their erections had made a quick retreat the second the kiss ended.
"Indeed." Sherlock reversed out of the parking space and sped off towards home.
“It is indeed. Father Christmas is a very busy man. I have to make sure he eats a mince pie and drinks his milk every day – otherwise he’s too busy planning for Christmas Day and he forgets!” John chuckled.
“Where’s John?” Sherlock asked, screwing his eyes shut and thumping his head back against the wall.
“Oh!” Sherlock rolled too far and flailed as he fell over the edge of the bed.
“Our son is growing up, John.” Sherlock gripped the man’s coat in his fists and sniffled against his shoulder.
“Don’t be sorry.” Sherlock pulled him up for one extra peck then for a hug.
“Of course! Me and papa will have final say though – it needs to be the right size for the living room.” John reached back and tickled Hamish’s knee.
