Message delivered, the android floats away, resuming the search for the magical ring. Kamala and Miles share a look before she shrugs helplessly. They’ve waited this long, what’s another ten minutes on top of that.
“No!” Tony exclaims, acutely aware of how hot his face feels. Under three pairs of disbelieving eyes, Tony hunches in on his glass of water and mumbles, “Not yet?”
An old insecurity rears its ugly head up. “You could have picked me,” Steve finds himself saying, voice little-boy small. “I wanted you to pick me.”
“What is this? Twenty questions?” Tony complains, mind scrambling to think of some distraction. What can he quickly change the topic to? Could he fake an Avengers emergency and run out of here? Why oh why can’t Doom Bots attack New York right now?
The look on Steve’s face seemed to answer for the man “All I want you to do is simply call for help when he needs it”
Steve just nodded his head and went back to staring out into the darkness. In less than ten minutes they were at the deli. Steve took out his phone and started dialing while Tony went to get the food. He caught the tail end of the conversation when he came back.
He nodded immediately because this woman who was only as tall as Steve was far scarier than eye patch guy.
Anyone who ever knew Steve Rogers could attest to the fact that he never backed down without a fight; hell even Greg from downstairs would agree to that, be it literal fisticuffs or life’s many challenges thrown in his face quite literally sometimes.
Scarlet, like the delicate petals of spider lilies or like the final rays of the setting sun or if you’re not squeamish, like drops of blood from a fresh wound with a bit of gold at the tips for that right touch of class. Tony Stark’s wings were just like him, eccentric but elegant.
Tony leaned back on his chair and searched his memory for the man who sat opposite from him. The man looked like Steve in a lot of ways but he was taller and was sculpted like a statue. He would totally remember meeting someone like him if it were for a few more months prior but he drew a blank. He doesn’t remember anyone from the tech team as a matter of fact because Steve was there and ……..oh god.
“If you need anything please don’t call me” he blurted out and practically jumped into the elevator and left the dumbfound assistant to stare after him.
Steve smiled and then bit his lip as if in contemplation “Why now?” “Why hand over the company now?” he added to avoid confusion.
“Art degree and oh taught a few classes at a junior high……personally I think the ability to manage children is more than enough qualification to work with Tony” she said glancing back at Steve with a small laugh, a bit of fond exasperation leaking from her voice. Steve tried to smile back, tried being the imperative.
The blond immediately jumped off as soon as they landed for which Tony was thanking him silently in between gasps for air. He managed to snap the emergency release hatch and the armor fell to the floor in a loud clatter.
Steve was curious from the beginning about how Tony managed to walk around with his fake wings all day. Bucky was always whining about dragging around the weight and sometimes the pain would be unbearable. Tony had it on both his wings but it must be a hundred times better than what Buck had so he asked Tony about them.
“Please just call me pepper and Lydia will be up in a few, if you need anything just call my office Mr. Rogers” she stated pleasantly, walking back to the elevator.
So yeah Steve was screwed ten ways to Sunday cause Tony stark could have anyone he wants, why would he choose Steve; stubborn, boring, antique Steve. Therefore he was going to suffer in silence until he gets over it or so he thought.
So yeah Steve Rogers was a hopeless romantic so what? it was okay to be this time. This time he wasn't hopeless, he was loved right back.
his mind supplied followed by a small ‘Language’ echoing in the background, the voice of it sounding vaguely like his mom’s. He just stood there; mouth opening and closing like a fish out of water and eyes wide staring at the closed elevator doors, the same ones where his apparent ‘Boss’ all but vaulted into.
At this rate the number of chapters might exceed my predictions but i assure you that i know how i want this story to go so don't worry we'll get there. Did i mention that this was a slow burn?
Okay maybe a few times when he was younger and then pepper.so let me rephrase that, Tony Stark never fell in love with people who didn't love him back. Sure some were after his money or technology or any of the other perks associated with dating a billionaire-playboy-genius, but most of them always made him believe that they did love him. He's not complaining, he probably doesn't deserve to be loved at all any way.
He was snapped out of his reverie when Miss Potts started taking “This is the penthouse, you’ll probably be working mostly here and the floor below is the work shop”
Steve had had enough “Okay, whatever the hell is going on you can explain it to me in the morning now I’m going to bed. Good night” It was clear that Sam knew Natasha somehow and he was not in the state of mind to give polite introductions anyway.
In the morning he woke up to hushed conversations from the living room and was quite surprised to see Tony sitting on the couch with Bucky and Sam, nursing a cup of what would probably be coffee looking like death warmed over.
Tony was in the middle of preparing his will just in case, when someone punched in the override code and walked into his workshop.
They didn’t talk much that day and went to bed with curt good nights which was the usual for the rest of the week, both of them going out of their ways to not be in the same room for extended periods of time.
That was…….okay Steve had to admit that hurt, really hurt especially that last one but he didn’t want to show it so he held his chin up and replied before walking out.
Both of them fell back almost into what they used to be before the fight as if that little situation didn’t happen at all. Steve could tell that Tony wasn’t ready to talk about the nightmare issue either.
Irritation creeps up the back of his neck like a bad migraine because this car ride is taking too long, his fingers aren’t doing the job, he wants
Personally, Steve thinks he’s got the resilience part handled. Just look at all the shit he’s been through in the last year of his life. He died, came back, brought SHIELD back, and put together a new Avengers team. He can handle anything that life throws in his way. The forgiveness part though? That needs work. At least when it comes to Tony. Because as soon as Hill tells him, “Enchantress put a spell on Tony and he’s lost all his inhibitions. Wilson called and said you need to get there pronto”--Steve’s got five different potential clusterfucks popping up in his head
“Unfortunately, I can’t. I’m currently in a different realm taking care of a demonic problem with Cleo.”
Steve shoots Tony a pained look, not sure what’s happening, why it’s happening, or what he’s done to deserve this torture. Silently he pleads for forgiveness and mercy from Pepper. Tony’s dark eyes hold him hostage for a long few seconds before Tony blinks and looks away. Steve exhales, touching his chest in relief. But then his breath gets yanked out of his body when he feels Tony’s touch on his elbow.
He means for the words to be reassuring. And yet, hesitation still darkens Steve’s face. He looks down between them, brows furrowed with worry. The sight of it makes Tony’s heart twinge. He reaches out to stroke Steve’s cheek.
Voice lowering, Steve says, “Me dying the way I did? At the courthouse?” Tony’s eyes widen, his happiness going out like a candle in a storm. Steve tightens his grip on Tony. “It wasn’t your fault.”
It’s a pretty crappy thought to ponder actually, that Iron Man and Steve Rogers aren’t friends anymore. They’re two of her three favorite superheroes. It just
As Steve collects all the used cutlery, he keeps glancing up at Tony, for no other reason beyond that he can. It feels like a dream, seeing Tony back in the compound. He’s obviously not the man he was before, as evidenced by the new lines on his handsome face and his salt and pepper beard. If Tony looked distinguished before, now he just looks…
More noises of confusion from their friends but Steve’s attention is focused on the widening of Tony’s eyes and the glimmer of hope that’s beginning to sparkle therein.
He shoots Steve a considering look, wondering if Steve would be open to being his date. Steve’s never been fond of getting in a penguin suit or rubbing shoulder with rich people. He’s too salt-of-the-earth and grounded for the crowd in these parties.
. He’d much rather lose brain cells watching Grey’s Anatomy than this shoddy excuse for a crime procedural. The science in this show
. Every single part of her essence is key smashing while foaming at the mouth because this is the biggest plot twist of the
Next to him, Tony shuffles in place. Steve forces himself not to turn around and see what Tony’s doing. He also tells himself to stay calm and stop being paranoid because just because he’s got his back turned to Tony, doesn’t mean he’s up to no good.
Turning to Sam, the last sane person on the table, Tony pleads, “Talk some sense into them. Please!”
Kamala lights up at his suggestion, throwing herself forward to give him an awkward hug before telling him. “I’ll try that! Thanks Tony!”
The odds of Tony writing this under someone else’s influence is tremendously high. And if that’s the case? Steve needs to fly down to the new Avengers base and check on Tony himself.
Steve blinks. Tony watches his chest rise and fall in a steady rhythm before he nods firmly. “Okay.”
Steve takes a couple more steps back, walking backwards, feeling fit to explode with happiness as he sees Tony’s surprise melt away into wondering delight. Steve’s aware of the fact that he’s grinning like a goof but he can’t do much to stop it, especially when Tony’s lips turn up into a crooked happy smile of their own.
Err... are they flirting? Are they really flirting by her bedside while she’s hurt? ... Should she let them know that she’s awake? That’d be the polite thing to do right? God knows she doesn’t want them saying something...
Even Tony’s lab, which he’d hoped would be the most familiar part of this new base, is different. It’s not as flashy; it's smaller. It seems as austere as everything else here. His heart, which had sunk down to the pit of his stomach, goes all the way down to his boots when he catches sight of Tony, staring at a trio of computer screens.
Steve wastes a good thirty minutes trying to find a secret message but there’s nothing to indicate Tony’s written this letter under duress. Which leads to a more chilling possibility: mind control.
Tony’s words are like a ray of sunshine breaking through the storm clouds. In fact, a particular part of his statement sparks an idea. If the whole issue because Tony and Steve can be solved if they talk, then maybe all someone has to do is create a situation where they can talk, right?
His traitorous face must be blazing red right now. He tried to calm himself down and the sight of the woman wiping the floor with Happy certainly helped as a distraction.
His lungs had other plans, coughing and gagging he fell to the floor spewing out roses with more and more blood. Steve had a look of absolute horror on his face as he knelt beside tony frantically grabbing at his shoulders. Tony could feel his vision blur with the lack of oxygen and clung to Steve for support.
Steve lowered Tony to the bed and covered him a blanket almost mechanically then with a final glance from the doorway, left him alone instead as if he was in a hurry to get away.
she would think and simply smile at the other man when he says Stark’s name in that peculiar fond tone he always uses only reserved for the genius. It was all very amusing really.
“No sugar plum, of course not. If you guys are done disciplining me I have places to be” He almost turned before Rhodey caught a hold of his collar and stopped him.
So he took the other man to his bed and contemplated staying by his side. But his mind was still reeling with questions which made him too flustered to stay still.
Tony’s treacherous heart broke at that. He wanted Steve to stay by his side as selfish as it was but-
over and over in his head. In between long gasps for breath and a blurred vision tony could see Steve smiling. Okay that's a better final image.
“How many ounces of this gobbledegook am I supposed to drink?” he asked gulping down the green goop, trying not to grimace.
“What happened to my music JARVIS?”  Tony reeled his head back from inside a part of the Ironman suit that he was going to present in at the expo.
It’s been three weeks two days and six hours since their last conversation, no he didn’t count he just has an eidetic memory okay, everyone in the tower can sense the tension this time and everyone were trying their best to get tony out and about. Even though Steve was heartbroken, he was worried about the genius. He was the one who recruited Rhodey and pepper to get tony out of his lab and may be tell them who he’s fallen for, that would be a very useful information so Steve could maybe punch some sense into them or something or maybe have a civil conversation or both. He didn’t tell them about Tony’s condition though, that was not his secret to tell, he wouldn’t even have known about it if it weren’t for Steve not sleeping through that fateful night.
Steve stared at the things in hand biting his lips unconsciously for a few seconds and then let out a long sigh “Fine I’ll keep the suit……..if you can call me Steve” he looked up at Tony with a small smile.
When he fell, he fell fast and hard. So the hopeless romantic sap part of him was always intrigued by Hanahaki, he found it tragically romantic but always prayed no one had to suffer too much.
It was still early morning; the sun was just above the horizon bathing everything in an ethereal yellow-orange light. Tony slowly inched closer towards the kitchen with the coffee cup in hand.
Tony was about to call for a suit when the director raised both his hands half way and said “we do not have time for this Stark”
Before he left he really wanted to ask JARVIS about something that was bugging him. It would be best to actually ask the owner but after the not so warm welcome he would be lying if he said that he wasn’t a little pissed off.
He didn’t even notice her walk in until the billionaire turned around and literally ogled at her. Steve recognized her instantly. Natalie Rushman.
Even Happy could sense the tension between them when he came around to fetch Tony for boxing. There was also no mistaking Pepper noticing it as well, it was evident from her little frown whenever she looked at either of them. She had already asked what was wrong quite a few times as well. As the reason was too embarrassing to reveal Steve just blurted out some ridiculous excuse and strategically made an exit (by that he means ran away).
And so his current dilemma, the one that made him hate flowers for life was named Steven Grant Rogers. The facts were simple; Tony was in love with Steve but Steve wasn't. Why would he, Steve could have anyone in the world, why would he choose Tony with his baggage and poor habits and arrogance and need he go on. So no Steve would never love him back, his friendship was more than enough for now. And thus a disease literally grew inside his lungs.
She inferred Steve was everything Tony Stark wasn’t; kind, righteous, virtuous and a strong sense of justice with a bit of stubbornness to boot. The fact that the man did not possess any wings didn’t matter to her at all. She had seen devils dressed in white with the most angelic of wings and learned not to trust them a long time ago.
“Steve, go back and get some rest. We can take it from here” Nat said with an uncharacteristically gentle tone.
Bucky was on his second tour in Iran when the accident happened which left his left wing impaired. He was heartbroken that he would never be able to fly again and eventually slipped into depression. He went to therapy arranged by the VA and that was how he met Sam. The VA also paid for his surgeries and prosthetics but it wasn’t enough to get one of the run of the mill ones as Stark Industries provided.
“Whatever you think I did, I didn’t do it” he turned around blurted out before Pepper could say anything. She gave him a confused tilt of her head and immediately shook it off, already done with Tony’s antics for the day.
As he didn’t own a smart-phone and didn’t think it would be appropriate to bring the stark- pad home borrowed Bucky’s phone to google about Tony stark.  The results were less than savory but Steve was only after the images of the man. He was a bit surprised when he found what he was looking for. Although Stark’s wings were a little worse for wear after the kidnapping they certainly didn’t have any black to them. He was right.
This is worth it he thought while watching the unadulterated glee on Steve’s face as they soared through the air, hair billowing in the wind and lips stretched in a wide grin.
“I don’t like wasting food but still don’t think I can take all of these Mr. Stark” Steve was shifting on the balls of feet now, unsure where to look.
When Tony woke up the next day, it was about four in the evening and his body hurt all over. The first thing he wanted to do was rush out the door to find Steve and then he remembered how Steve had literally ran away last night so he didn’t move from the bed for another hour.
Tony was expecting that question. He knew this exact one is going to be thrown at him before anything else in the press conference. “Well she does most of the job anyway and I know she can do better than me besides I’m busy with being iron man and all so this is the wisest decision” he replied with practiced ease.
A full sized high definition image of himself came up on one of the holograms “It appears like your scapulars and marginal coverts have acquired a black hue that was previously not there before”
If he could summarize, the billionaire looked like death warmed over; with dark circles under his eyes, dull droopy wings and messy hair. He leaked exhaustion from every pore.
The other man let out a little laugh and placed his hands back on the table “that’s because they are mine punk; it’s not all bad, just get out there and try. We’ll celebrate even if you don’t get the job kay?”
Steve reeled his head back and stared at the man with open shock. This is a hundred percent the most absurd thing Steve had heard in the whole month and he works for Tony Stark.
Steve had never in his life felt so out of place anywhere as much as he felt right there in the lobby of stark tower. Even though the tower itself was no architectural marvel (his personal opinion) the insides were sleek and professionally decorated. The people oh god, the people were all dressed like in those high end business magazines, all expensive suits and skirts and there he was in an oversized and rumpled up, cheap excuse of a suit.
I post this from my laptop but when i open it on my phone i cant see the Italics. Thank you for replying about that, i didn't know if it was only my problem.
“Yeah, whatever. Why don’t you prep the suit so I can go out and get that bread” he said with a self -deprecating chuckle.
“The parameters of your wings are deliberately not in my protocol sir” okay JARVIS was condoning him now like he hadn’t had enough of that for a life time from his old man.
Steve moved around a little, catching the light in some angles and that’s when Tony noticed, something behind him, something that looked like faraway galaxies and nebulae and stars. Like the whole universe in brilliant purples and reds and blues. Something that vaguely looked like wings that stretched and blended into the infinite cosmos. It was there one moment and gone the next as if it were an optical illusion that came and let with the change in light. It was the most profoundly beautiful thing he has ever seen.
Steve had to admit the sarcasm was really charming (when it’s not directed towards him). He hadn’t really thought about this whole issue with the Iron man armor. He could undoubtedly say that it was Tony’s sheer genius that made it possible and no one else on the planet will be able to come close.
“uh huhh” Tony crossed his hands on his chest and narrowed his eyes at a camera thinking why  in the world he programmed his AI like this. He decided to let it go this time and with a huff told JARVIS to let the other man in.
At first Steve thought the man was insulting him a part of him still believes that he did but another part was telling him that Tony genuinely meant it. It was all really really confusing.
Steve sat on a plush sofa near the ceiling to floor windows of the gym looking through paper work and also secretly watching Stark and Happy exchange blows inside the ring when Pepper walked in announcing the arrival of the notary.
He said out loud into the empty room. What would’ve happened if Happy hadn’t come at that moment. Would they hav- No, he shouldn’t be thinking things like this. Tony was his boss, more than that he was a notorious playboy. He was just  stressed with everything that happened that’s all this is.
For the first few days Steve thought the former would be correct but after spending more time with the genius something inside him pointed to the supposition that the later maybe more true. Any way if someone asked, Steve would only say that the man was barely tolerable for now.
By the time Steve blinked back to reality a video of Howard Stark was playing on screen and Tony was nowhere to be seen. When Steve finally found him, Tony was hunched over a small box like thing and shoved it immediately into his pockets the second he saw Steve approach. The man looked sad and almost guilty for some reason. When Steve was close enough he schooled his expression into something more stoic.
The brunette’s wings were raised on each side as if in presentation, as if Tony was presenting to Steve to……oh god! No one in his whole miserable life had ever done that and he couldn’t stop the loud gasp that managed to escape his mouth.
After what felt like an eternity (a few seconds, really) he turned around and walked back to the couch and plopped down with an audible huff to try and calm down.
? He had seen this all before, back when Bucky came back and had realized that he couldn’t fly anymore, when he was too deep down in a hole of depression and self-hate.
Tony dragged himself out of the workshop to the bedroom and fell face first onto his bed. He was dead tired but sleep seems to hate him for some matter. He thought back on Steve Rogers, the man was probably looking for all of Tony’s flaws or maybe just maybe he was a good observer?  Rogers was an artist after all. In the end Tony decided to cut the man some slack if he showed up tomorrow that is. That seemed to put his mind at ease and he slipped into a blissful sleep hopefully devoid of nightmares.
It was a hassle walking through the crowd of other important people and fans but most of them gave Steve a wide breadth which he was really grateful for sometimes. There was someone waiting at the apparently new car Happy has previously brought to the back exit.
“It’s Michael but it’s fine. I can see myself out” the other man said with a small smile and a shrug. . Judging by the look, the guy probably noticed the resemblance but just didn’t comment about it.
The second he saw 53% toxicity staring back at him, he knew there was no turning back. Somehow everything felt final. He stepped out of the bathroom and looked around for Steve. Frowning when he couldn’t spot the blonde anywhere Tony decided to step into the hallways to check.
His wings were molted and rapidly turning black only held together by the dye but still they looked ugly. The nerve endings were damaged so it’s like they had a mind of their own ever since Afghanistan.
It was a morning like always, no one else was up yet except Steve. After his usual morning exercises he jumped right into his self-proclaimed breakfast duty and one by one the others started walking or rather dragging themselves into the common kitchen. The last one to arrive was Tony, still half asleep, hair in a mess and clothes all rumpled. Steve couldn’t help but stare, happy that the man actually listened to him and slept for the night.
“Wait Steve Rogers? Who is …….” He turned in her hold to look up at the small stamp size photo of one Mr. Steven Grant Rogers that appeared on the screen. ”what the heck pep! I want the girl; she was perfect, what does this kid have that she doesn’t?” The man staring back at him from the image was just an average looking blond who looked point two seconds away from dying from starvation. With an annoyed huff he let himself be dragged back in the elevator. The genius kept whining about it like a petulant toddler until they reached the penthouse. Pepper just rolled her eyes and ignored him.
The drive to stark tower was silent, neither men spoke anything. Steve was lost in his own thoughts and Sam just let him be. It only took about thirty minutes and before he knew it Steve was staring with his mouth open at stark tower. He was dropped off at the entrance.
"Have you at least tried asking them, see if they like you back" Steve sounded almost disappointed and sad.
A thousand insecurities came flooding back into his mind. There were times people refused to touch or even be near Steve. Most of them were the traditionalists among the people whom he and his mom went to church with. Once they had known that he was born without wings, they had called him the devil’s spawn. He never went to church after that. The kids were worse, they would beat him up in alley ways; calling him rude names.
“Say why don’t you tell your friend to pay me a visit when we get back. I can get him the latest prototype”
"I love you.......I LOVE YOU" He jumped back into Steve's arms where he was held in a tight embrace. He leaned in and kissed Steve again coz that's apparently something he could do now boy oh boy.
“It will get harder to hide the discoloration of your wings as they are affected the most and had started to molt. Unfortunately the device that is keeping you alive is also killing you” Jarvis informed in a grave tone.
Steve wanted to sigh into it; he wanted to scream ‘Finally’ from the top of his lungs because that was what it felt like. He knew nothing in his life can ever compare to the moment he first kissed Tony stark.
He knew he was going to be stuck in a car with his assistant for five hours. This was not his first rodeo of doing obnoxious things on a whim. He used to whisk away people ten times attractive than Steve to places he fancied. Why was he nervous now? Tony was sweating in a car with the top down going one eighty miles an hour. How was that even possible?
“Gotta hand it to you Rogers, you’re a new record” Tony said to his PA while going through some of the final preparations for Stark expo on the evening of the fifth day. For a man whose stubbornness could rival Tony’s and is too honest for his own good, Steve had somehow held on.
“If i tell you the details I’d have to kill you but I am offering decent remuneration if the job is well done” the man replied with a straight face which did nothing to ease Steve’s nerves.
His best friend’s lips quirked into a small smirk and casually crossed his arms a sign for which Steve recognized to be ‘teasing the hell out of Steve time’ “oh I don’t know…….how about your boy who woke us up at five in the bloody morning and had been talking nonstop about you and only you for the past four hours”.
Jealousy flared up in his gut which he found pretty surprising. Oh who was he kidding he had a ginormous crush on Stark. There was no point in denying it or scooping it under the rug marking it as confusion anymore.
“Oh okay” Steve just nodded, not sure what to think about it. She left after that leaving a confused Steve to wander around the, what he could only describe as a mansion. It was decorated just like the penthouse and gave him the similar feeling of something missing.
“No Mr. Stark that’s not it, they’re nice…..a little too nice actually that’s why I can’t take them”
Maybe Stark could tell her later and both of them could laugh about how stupid Steve was. God he couldn’t wait for this to be over to go back to Brooklyn and wallow in self-pity.
"I'm assuming you didn't eat flowers for breakfast" she said in a rather clipped tone as she strode in.
The three assistant’s pepper had send his way before one after the other were all crippled in a way, their wings damaged in some accident one way or the other. Tony chew them up at spat them out in a matter of days.
He could vaguely hear an “Idiots” being mumbled from her direction but no point in returning now, its bad luck to get the Black Widow angry.
He wasn’t crying anymore instead he stared straight ahead with a dead gaze. Steve refused to look anywhere near Tony’s face while he helped the blonde up and removed the tie tied around his wrists.
“It’s fine, like you said I should be used to this by now” Steve sounded somewhat annoyed. Tony tried not to focus on it maybe he could make it up to the man somehow.
Speaking of, Steve’s leaning back in his chair now, arm sliding around the back of Tony’s chair. Kamala eyes the move and how smoothly Steve's done that. It doesn’t look like Tony’s noticed it. If he has, he doesn’t show it. Instead, he’s focused on Steve, who is thoughtfully staring up at the ceiling.
“Is this something they even want?” Sam asks slowly. “I’m not sure I feel comfortable trying to force them to do something they don’t want to do...”
Tony follows the gentle tug and rises to his feet. He tries to take a step forward but stumbles on his own feet. His nose bumps into soft cotton and hard muscles.
going to find out about Tony’s feelings, it will be classy and perfect, and it definitely won’t be Tony’s lust-addled, hind-brain got the better of him.
Steve opens his mouth to say that he’s here to make sure Tony’s okay but before he can say it, Tony’s saying, “Steve!”
“I care about you too,” Steve whispers back, hating the way his voice shakes and his eyes burn. “I never stopped caring about your. It scares me how much I-” He inhales shakily and it helps; it steadies his voice when he continues, “The problem wasn’t ever that I didn’t care enough. I always cared too much and that… that made me make some really shitty choices that hurt you. And I’m
Steve’s notoriously bad about remembering anniversaries and birthdays and things like that. Tony’s known that about him and accepted it. He’s the one who’s been remembering for both of them; organizing dates and putting in reminders into Steve’s calendar for various occasions. This is the most wonderful change of pace.
All the signs point towards the fact that this letter has indeed been sent by Tony. But the words... they don’t sound like Tony.
“Nothing’s broken?” Tony parrots back, crossing his arms as he stares Steve down. “There’s no bad news you wanna tell me about? You just made this coffee out of the goodness of your heart because you thought I needed a treat? You just wanted to surprise me?”
It’s an innocent looking thing. Crisp white. A commercial envelope; long and rectangular in shape. But the fact that it’s from Tony Stark? It may as well be a bomb with Steve’s name on it.
!” Steve insists, a tiny bit of his usual fire creeping into his voice because he needs Tony to understand. When he opens his eyes, he finds his gaze filled with the sight of Tony’s pleading expression. For a split second, Steve finds himself stumbling but he’s quick to regain his footing and continue. “I know what kind of person you are. You’re a stubborn asshole who’ll sell his soul if it meant keeping his people safe. You’re the best of us, Tony.”
“Happy holidays to me,” Tony purrs in Steve’s ear as his hand strokes Steve’s dick. Up, a firm twist, back down and repeat.
Distractedly scrapping the eggs around the pan, Tony snarks, “You’re right. If you hadn’t been distracting me with kisses, these eggs wouldn’t be burnt around the edges.”
The fond amusement in FRIDAY’s voice is mirrored deep inside of him and Steve has to fight down the urge to smile. Tony forgets everything whenever he’s in the middle of a particularly engaging project. One time, years ago, when Tony had been working on his armor, Steve had done a little dance in Tony’s line of sight and Tony had been none the wiser.
“I might be a futurist but there’s some things I can’t predict.” He raises his mug to his lips as he mutters, “Besides, I’ve been shit at the futurist thing for a while now.”
Steve could get up and clean up. Maybe grab something to eat. But instead, he lies in bed and observes Tony. This is a rare opportunity when Tony’s guard is all the way down and Steve wants to take advantage of it.
Heartened by Sam’s trust in him, Steve nods. “You can count on me. I’ll help in whatever way I can.”
“You can’t,” Steve finds himself saying, borderline hysterical and accusatory. “You can’t love me! If you did, you wouldn’t have done
“Yes! Steve and Tony,” Tony interrupts, voice loud enough to drown the others out. “And as much as I appreciate the concern, we’ll be
evening with his husband all because of fucking Victor Von Doom. Tony hopes they throw the whole damn library at the idiot's thick head.
It’s the price he’s always been ready to pay. Tony’s put rationality above emotions one time too many and he’s known that sooner or later, he’ll pay for those choices by losing the people he loves. Either to death or to hate.
“I mean, kinda!” Steve argues, grin broadening. “I examined the evidence in front of me and figured out the most likely probabilities of events. And then...”
Kamala’s eyes sweep over the yard. The mood has shifted; if the agents were trying to find the ring before, now they feel hell bent on success. She can almost taste the agents’ determination in the air but one thing is clear enough, they haven’t found the ring.
“You won’t...” Steve hesitates, eyes flashing up to meet Tony’s gaze before they slip away again. “You won’t... think less of me... after... Right?”
Steve obliges, rubbing against the underside of Tony’s dick with firm fingers. Tony body arches up into the touch.
so badly. But he can understand. If Steve doesn’t want him touching himself, that clearly means Tony should be touching
Steve leans back in his seat, muttering Tony’s words under his breath as he reads, incredulity rising with every passing sentence.
And yet. As Oscar Wilde said. ‘I can resist everything but temptation.’ And above all, there’s the smallest part of Steve that’s desperately hungry for Tony’s attention (and affection). And that’s the voice that slips through his teeth in the smallest of whispers to ask, “What’s the truth?”
That sounds delicious. But Tony feels like he’s going to light up any second now if he doesn’t touch himself. Whining, he says as much. It may be the heat-lust talking but he can smell the sudden spike of lust that comes from Steve at the admission. That boosts his ego as much as it makes his front hole pulse with want. It feels good to know that Steve wants him.
“Because I could have stopped it from happening and I didn’t.” Anguish drips from Tony’s every word. It crystallizes into a tear that hangs perilously on Tony’s lashes before falling. Steve’s heartaches in sympathy. With a wounded noise, he wipes the tear track away. Tony shakes his head and tries to take a step back but Steve follows. “I should have known. I should have
That comes out a lot more muddled than he’d meant to, which is seriously counter productive to what he’s trying to say. But fuck! If Steve doubts his choice one more time, Tony’s going to do something stupid and reckless. Like sit on Steve’s dick.
“You fight, you knit, you bake,” Tony teases as gently as he can, picking up a cookie from the top of the pile. He takes a big sniff of em and sighs happily; they smell fucking fantastic. “Is there anything you can’t do Cap?”
Tony stares at her for a moment and she gets it. That sentence was a mild tragedy. Thankfully however, Tony shrugs his confusion away and gestures over at a table. “Park yourself anywhere you want.”
It’s simple. It’s messy. It’s Steve. It’s him. It’s them. If it was hard to keep track of things before, it’s impossible now. All he can do is hold onto Steve, let himself be manhandled so that his leg is wrapped around Steve’s waist, back arched to push himself harder into Steve’s hot hand, pleading for the man to keep going.
Tony’s insistence that he wants to suck Steve’s dick only leads to Steve yanking his body around so that he can have his head up between Tony’s legs, which makes Tony’s fingers wander around to squeeze Steve’s ass, which makes Steve’s lips wrap around Tony’s dick, so on, so forth. It’s one orgasm after another. It’s merciless, the way they move together, demanding pleasure. Tony’s hunger feels like a bottom-less pit; it doesn’t matter how hard he holds onto Steve, it just doesn’t feel enough. Sure when Steve knots him it cools the fire in Tony’s belly but it’s temporary. As soon as Steve’s knot deflates, Tony wants again.
“Just a sec,” she says, bouncing up to the fence when she sees Vision floating up to them. “Are we leaving?”
“Then how do you explain the Civil War?” Steve asks, desperately hoping for things to make sense again. “How come you were willing to hurt me then? Or when you told Strange to take my memories away?”
Tony frowns his way, confused. Steve swallows roughly. He tightens his grip on the counter behind him. He should be holding Tony’s hand when he says this. Yeah. That sounds like the right thing to do. Steve steps closer and wraps his fingers around Tony’s wrist.
“I don’t-” Tony starts and stops. Kamala peeks through her hair up at Tony, who is pinching the bridge of his nose as he takes a deep breath. Kamala finds herself holding her breath when Tony exhales.
Because it’s not possible. Tony can’t have loved him from the start. It can’t be real. There’s no way. Because if he did... if he did,
Careful of the burning candle, Tony closes the distance between them for a lingering kiss. Steve’s the one to pull away first again, this time whispering, “Make a wish.”
Tony laughs, a quick bark of amusement, before he pulls Steve into a tight hug. “Love you back, Winghead.”
Tony’s smile grows when their eyes meet. Steve’s tired expression lightens when he smiles. He drapes his towel over the back of the study chair as he asks, “What’re you looking at?”
Steeling herself, Kamal forces her body to move. She takes her time, mostly out of concern that she doesn’t get tangled up in anything but also because she wants to be super obvious to the pair. As she settles down, back to Steve and Tony, Kamal feels a sense of satisfaction. That should have worked, right?
It’s a scenario Tony’s rarely thought about because it had felt like a pipe dream. How could he ever tell Steve about his feelings? Tony never thought he had a chance with the man. But Steve’s little confession that he’s wanted Tony for years has Tony rethinking
Steve sits down on the nearest bench and gestures with one hand for Tony to sit next to him. Tony meanwhile, sinks down, is drawing a blank as to what Steve wants to talk about.
Steve’s fingers trace the sharp edge of Tony’s jaw as he asks, “Why is that so hard for you to believe?”
“She’s okay, Tony,” the second person says. Tony’s hand stills on top of her head. Kamala directs her attention to the man. He sounds so familiar... His name is right on the tip of his tongue. “The doctor said as much.”
Startled out of hiding, Kamala stands in the doorway, hands tightening on her backpack's shoulder straps, and asks, “I was just…. uhh no. Nothing on my mind. Was just wondering if I could do my homework here?”
. Relaxing, Tony turns his face to kiss Steve’s jugular. Above him, around him, Steve shudders, hips jerking helplessly into Tony. Like somehow, he can push himself deeper into Tony than he already is. Tony shushes the man senselessly, kissing a fading hickey.
Steve’s mind helpfully points out. Steve swallows but his throat is too dry. He clears his throat but there’s no helping the roughness of his voice when he asks, “Then why didn’t you tell me? About the SHRA? Or The Illuminati?”
“I know I forget a lot of things,” Steve starts, voice low and apologetic. “But there two things I’m never going to forget. The day we met and the day we got married.”
Dread steadily gathers in the pit of his stomach the closer he gets to the tower. It coalesces into a crackling storm, making it hard to breathe, when Sam warns him, as they ride the elevator up to the medbay, “He’s not himself. Just... don’t lose your temper, okay? Thor’s going to drag Enchantress back and she’ll make her undo this spell. In the meanwhile, we need to make sure that we don’t aggravate Tony. We need to keep him calm. Let him do what he wants."
“That’s what I said!” Sam exclaims with an emphatic gesture of his own. “Most people go out on a date straight away!”
oatmeal cookies. Sighing, Tony reaches out to touch Steve’s shoulder, who starts hard enough for some of the coffee to slosh to the floor and their shoes. Tony has to bite his lips to keep from letting out a braying laugh at Steve’s shocked and dismayed expression.
. We don’t need to be on the same team to make things work. Because we’re committed to making them work regardless of the situation!”
“I’ve got you,” Tony promises, stars flashing in front of his eyes when Steve thrusts once again and rubs Tony’s dick in the process. Fuck. His dick and front hole are going to be
do that to Tony, Morgan, Pepper. He won’t be that selfish, not again. So instead he’s left cradling his bleeding heart in his hands, hoping… hoping… God. Steve doesn’t even know what he wants anymore.
“Tony,” Steve moans, one hand tightening in Tony’s hair. The other hand is resting on Tony’s ass, holding Tony in place as he comes.This is the third time Steve’s come in him and Tony’s a fucking mess of sweat, slick, and come. And he’s never felt better.
First dates, in Tony’s opinion, are nerve-wracking. It’s a delicate dance between two personalities. Constant risk mitigation where you question how much of yourself to show, where to draw the line, what is acceptable? You have to stay on your toes. You have to be careful. And in Tony’s case, he has to maintain a certain facade. And most people expect Tony Stark, the superhero, playboy, billionaire to be their date.
“Want some help with that?” Steve asks when he feels Tony’s chub leaking against his hip. He hasn’t gone down on Tony yet and Steve’s surprised to realize that he
“Whatever you find will be helpful,” Steve says, shoving his disappointment deep down. So it’s not mind control. Fuck. He wasn’t expecting this.
an apron because of safe cooking. Tony accepts the frying pan with a smile and eyes the apron with confusion. Or maybe that’s because Steve just slips it over Tony’s head without any warning.
Hurrying forward with two fistfulls of forks and knives, Steve answers, “Nothing. I just. I uh… I don’t remember there being that much white in there before.”
“Captain America,” Kim greets, diamond earrings sparkling under the bright lights as she delicately tilts her head to meet Tony’s gaze. “Last I heard you were dating a scientist Tony. Is there anything you’d like to tell the rest of us?”
After a thoughtful silence, he murmurs slowly, “End of the day, it’s about trust. He doesn’t trust me, I don’t totally trust him either.” Tony glances at her with a weak smile. “That sounds weird, doesn’t it? Who doesn’t trust Steve Rogers?”
There’s so much Tony wants to say. So much he wants to express. But he just doesn’t know how. How can he tell Steve that this feels surreal? Like a dream he never wants to wake up from? That if he could, this is the moment he’d stop time. That every decision he’s made, good and bad, have led him to this moment. And there’s nothing he’d change because he gets to be with Steve like this.
An old memory flashes through Steve’s mind; Tony’s wearing the golden under-suit, telling him that Steve takes advantage of the fact that a lot of people look up to him. At the time, Steve had thought Tony had meant the younger superheroes and civilians. Never in his wildest dreams had he thought that Tony had counted himself among that group.
The greeting is unexpected, comforting, and distressing all at the same time. Then he steps inside and there’s only distress left. The new base is a far cry from the mansion and the Tower. It’s...
Once his brain goes down that avenue, his fantasies and desires, there’s no turning that car around. Tony’s mind spins scenarios out, one after another in succession. Steve bending him over the hood of his car and knotting him. Tony pushing Steve down on the elevator floor and sitting on Steve’s dick. He’s lying ass up in bed, getting his ass eaten out by Steve. Steve’s head is between his thighs, lips and tongue showing no mercy to Tony’s dick and front hole.
“There are. I’ll send you their numbers. If they’re not already engaged, I imagine they’ll be open to helping.”
“They’re holding him in the medbay. Running tests to make sure the Enchantress’ spell didn’t have any complications and whatnot. Thor’s gone to track Enchantress. I think they said something about contacting Strange to see if there’s another way to break the spell.”
Of course. “And what did you break?” Tony asks with all the gentleness he has because a sad Steve is the worst Steve, even more than when he cranks his mother hen-ness to 11.
“I’m going to wine and dine you, Rogers,” Tony says firmly. Kamala stuffs her nose against the pillow and exhales noisily. She sends out a mental cry for help, hoping that there’s at least one telepath in her vicinity. “I plan on wooing the fuck out of you.”
“I didn’t talk you into anything. I just asked you for a favor and you said yes.” Tony reminds him, gently slapping Steve’s hands away from his tie but it’s too late. The damn thing is crooked now. With a small tut, Tony steps forward to fix Steve’s tie. “If anyone should be complaining, it’s me.”
At least, Tony’s committed to that end. And he’s pretty sure that Steve’s on the same page. Sure, it’s yet another thing that they need to talk about but that’s a conversation for the future. For now, Tony wants to get past this first date. And he hopes that his words will make the trio stop.
Watching Tony smile at him with no reservation and open love has Steve rising up to kiss Tony’s smile. He’s thinking about dragging Tony back down and keeping him in bed for the rest of the day when the man gently pulls back, flicking Steve’s ear. “Food first. Sex later.”
He doesn’t realize that Steve’s been gently edging him towards a side door until they’re literally by the wall. Tony, who has distractedly been trying to figure out why he feels so hot, blinks at the door Steve’s holding open and asks, “Where we going?”
“To be fair,” Sam smiles faintly, “You guys are the two most stubborn assholes I know. I think if you wanted to, you guys could fix things up.”
But this, having heat sex with Steve, there’s no stress involved. There’s just ease of movement and desire. It’s years of friendship and knowledge of each other crashing headfirst into new territory only to find out that the terrain isn’t as new as he’d feared. There’s understanding of what’s okay and what’s not. Mostly? It’s centered around pleasure. Making each other feel good, a cycle of mutual delight that spirals ever higher as they keep upping the ante.
Tony’s managed to unbuckle his belt and has his pants half-way down his thighs when the car screeches to a halt. Which is terrible for him because he almost crashes chest-first into the dashboard but Steve soccer mom’s him in the blink of an eye. Their eyes fly to each other, different degrees of surprise reflected therein.
Thinking about that... God. It hurts more than Steve can bear. He can’t even begin to imagine how Tony must have felt. And knowing him, he must have blamed himself for what had happened as well. All the things that they’ve talked about, neither of them have dared to broach this topic. Until now.
So. Now, in the present, where Steve’s holding out a mug of Tony’s favorite coffee with the most softest and most innocent of smiles whose warmth could rival a dawning autumn morning, Tony is
Carol nods and points emphatically at the man. “Yes! But it might create problems for the team. Don’t you think so?”
to tell Steve about this. And maybe he takes a moment to revel in the warmth that’s filling his chest. It’s embarrassing but sweet that his friends are willing to stand up for him like this in front of Steve. He’s the luckiest man on the planet.
to Steve Rogers. After all their years of friendship, all the fights, arguments, near misses, the pining… they’ve made it here. Not only that, they’ve made it past the one year mark as well. It’s been difficult but it’s been worth it. All the hard talks, the arguments, swallowing his pride… it’s all worth the privilege of waking up next to Steve every morning.
Tony blinks and looks away, brow furrowed. There’s a darkness in Tony’s eyes that makes her shiver. What memories is Tony reliving?
Cap’s jogging up to Iron Man, calling out his name. Tony stops, turns around, and waits for Cap to catch up. Kamala wonders what they’re talking about because Tony’s body goes stock still for a minute before he relaxes. Steve shoots a longing glance over at Cap and Iron Man before he turns his back to them, moving towards the nearest SHIELD agent.
Tony’s aura is bright with happiness. It’s not an emotion that’s been directed his way, from Tony, for
She feels someone’s hand come to rest on top of her head. It’s a big hand. Warm. “Kamala?” The voice asks far too loudly for her liking. Is that Tony? Ugh. He’s got a nice voice but right now it feels like someone’s stabbing her brain with needles or something. She can’t stop herself from whimpering, body trying to curl up into herself.
Steve pulls Tony against him after he’s come, wanting them to be tangled together as he catches his breath.
Who should make the first move? Would Tony want him to take the lead? How far would Tony want to go? How far does
“I’m sure you can figure that out.” And now Steve’s hand is on Tony’s shoulder. Resting nice and casually on top of the red and gold armor. Tony shoots the hand a quick amused look but doesn’t say anything. Steve’s grin grows. “I’d rather think about where you’re going to take me.”
“When I propose to you, you’ll know. I’ll go down on one knee and everything,” Steve points out, a touch huffy because he’s a traditionalist in that way. He won’t be anything but crystal clear when he proposes.
But it’s too late. Steve’s up in a flash, grabbing a robe from the closet before he cracks the door open. Tony throws his head back with an annoyed groan and loudly,
you guys fought,” Rhodey chimes in. “And you guys were just friends back then. If you start dating then, I think that’s a fair concern to have. You were a fucking wreck then Tony. None of us want to see you that way again, ever.”
Steve stares at Sam because that’s brand new information. Steve would have remembered if Sam had told him that. “You didn’t... mention that part.”
On cloud nine, he watches Tony leave before getting up as well. Hmm. It’s started to snow outside. A perfect excuse to stay indoors. Heaving himself out of the comfortable, and warm, bed, Steve slips on his underwear and shuffles over to the bathroom.
“Maybe...” Tony hedges. Sam stares at him, obviously waiting for an explanation. Tony sighs before admitting, “we talked the other day. And I said something that upset her.”
not to let the tears fall. Blinking, Tony peers at the candle flame and says, voice cracking at the end, “You remembered.”
A tiny amused huff precedes the tremor that runs through Tony. He turns in Steve’s arms so that they’re face to face. Tony’s smile is tiny but it’s there and Steve’s the one responsible for it. “I could make a sausage joke but I’m gonna be the bigger man.”
She’s called Miles and Sam for an emergency meeting at a coffee shop close to her school. As soon as they’d shown up, she’d explained her plan to them, or as she’s calling it “Operation Make Tony and Steve Friends Again.”
In his nightmares, when he’s imagined himself admitting this to Tony, Tony has laughed. He’s mocked Steve at worst and gently let him down at best. The point is the same; Tony wouldn’t choose him for a multitude of reasons. Tony’s a man looking ahead. Steve’s got one foot stuck in the past. They’re too different. There’s too much history between them. And worst of all, Tony doesn’t trust him to have his back anymore. So, honestly? There’s little reason for Tony to choose him, especially nowadays.
Ignoring Tony’s concerned question, Steve turns around. That’s when he realizes that Carol and Hank have left. Probably to give them some privacy. There’s just him, Tony, and an unhappy looking Sam in the med-bay. Steve meets Sam’s dark eyes and pleads, “What is going on?”
“Yeah.” Tony shuffles a couple of inches over to stand in front of the stove and Steve happily follows, causing the other man to chuckle. “I never thought you’d be such a cuddle bear.”
“Spill the beans, War Machine. What’s going on with him?” Sam says, pointing a finger at Tony, who is two seconds away from making frantic ‘cut it out!’ gestures at his best friend. “Is it something I need to be worried about?”
“No,” Steve’s hand lands on his wrist. They pass under a streetlight, whose light illuminates the plea in Steve’s eyes. “We’re almost home.”
And she relaxes, smiling at him like he’s offered her a gift. So Tony relaxes. He’s pleased to note that Kamala doesn’t seem distracted anymore. In fact, she seems more focused than ever before, throwing herself into training with vigor. She seems back to her usual cheerful self.
He has to put his fingertips on Steve’s mouth to make him stop. And as he does so, Steve jumps in surprise. Tony grins faintly up at the man. When he’s sure that Steve’s not going to start rambling again, Tony asks, “Was his arm hanging like this?” Tony holds his arm up at a 90 degree angle and lets his forearm dangle. Steve nods immediately. “Yeah. That’s a design flaw I never fixed. He just knocked the joint out of place. He’ll be right as rain in two minutes when I get down to the lab. You wanna help me with that?”
“Told you,” Steve hears Tony say, voice relaxed and jovial. He turns towards the voice. Tony’s sitting in the nearest cot to the door, dress shirt sleeves rolled up, grinning up at Carol, who is standing guard by Tony’s side. Tony looks good. Happy even.
With a smile, Tony tells his boyfriend, “Steve. We’ve been dancing around this for almost 15 years now. I think
As Sharon explains that the letter is safe to open, Steve stares at the envelope face and wonders who the sender was. A second before he flips the letter over, Sharon tells him, “Don’t give into the temptation to throw the letter into the trash can.”
See what he meant about forgiveness being an area he needs to work on? Anger is so much easier to depend on because there’s a deep well of hurt underneath it. All the times Tony’s betrayed his trust, turned his back on Steve, the lack of regret on Tony’s part. What else can Steve be except bitter and angry?
A clumsy touch against his hip draws Steve out of his fantasies. He glances down and sees Tony’s hand wrapping around his dick. Looking back up, Tony’s sleepy gaze finds him.
. Tony can’t stop marveling at the fact at the ease with which they fall into each other, move together.
has Tony already learned what Steve likes? “What?” he pants in confusion, already forgetting the question.
Another swallow from Steve, harsher this time around. The steering wheel creaks again, dangerously loud. Somewhere deep in his brain, Tony realizes that
Logically, rationally, Tony understands it. He’s betrayed Steve far too many times. He’s hit the limit of Steve’s generosity and kindness. The thought of losing Steve’s favor and friendship stings. The sensation isn’t too far from the feeling of shrapnel burrowing its way into his heart. Except the shards of metal are smaller, sharper. And there’s no electro-magnetic in the world that can stop the pain.
“It adds up,” Tony explains with such gentleness that it pierces her heart. Kamala swallows and is amazed that she doesn’t taste blood. “All that poison builds up until there’s nothing left.”
But. If Tony’s being mind controlled, there’s no way Steve can show his hand. Whoever’s using Tony can’t know that Steve’s already onto them. He can’t let the other party know that he’s onto them.
“You broke DUM-E?” Tony asks in surprise because … well. Steve’s usually always so careful with the bots. He treats them like they’re little people instead of, you know. Giant sturdy metal AI arm robots. Fuck, that was a mouthful.
Choking on a laugh, Steve decides that Tony’s too far away. He needs to be in kissing distance. God. He’d never thought he’d be addicted to kissing Tony, to touching his skin, to feeling his body shift underneath his hands.
But maybe he’s a lot further down on the road to forgiveness if he’s standing here, ready to help Tony. It’s his duty. It’s the right thing to do. But above all else, he wants the best for Tony because he does still care for Tony. In spite of his anger. He owes Tony so much. Steve’s also better than holding onto grudges. It’d be crummy of him to turn his back on Tony now. The guilt of it, of turning his back on Tony when he needs his help
But there’s nothing. But Tony staring at him, helplessness growing as he tries and fails a few times to say whatever it is he wants to say. Ultimately, he gives up with a tired sigh and Steve feels relieved and disappointed at the same time. But then Tony tips forward. Forehead pressing into Steve’s shirt. Steve’s fingers twitch, wanting to rise up and touch Tony’s back, to hold him in place, to sink into his dark hair.
At his suggestion, Kamala’s shoulders slump. “I tried that and she got really snippy with me. It’s like she was trying to pick a fight again. Only this time, it felt like she was trying to pull our friends into the fight as well.”
known himself. He hadn’t realized his anger and hurt were a mere smokescreen. And all it took for them to be blown away was to be perceived by Tony and be accepted with joy. The fact of the matter is that Steve’s
The question is a soft whisper but it ricochets inside Steve’s head with all the intensity of a cannon blast. “I don’t know,” Steve confesses.
But there’s enough light coming in through the full-sized windows that he can make out Steve’s expression. There’s no uncertainty on Steve’s handsome face. Only loving desire, which has Tony shivering.
Damn the fact that they’re both incredibly busy people. It’s been hellishly annoying trying to find a date that works for them both. It’s been twelve days since Steve’s asked him out, yes Tony’s counting, shut up, and they’ve
Tony slides one hand down his chest and purrs, “Please. Just let me touch myself. It hurts so bad Steve.”
“The worst thing that can happen is that nothing changes between them. The best thing that can happen is that they start talking and become friends. It’s a win-win.” Kamala glances between her friends, who are watching her with identical contemplative looks. “I just want to help. That’s all.”
“Grab me a pan would you? It’s over there in the sink.” Tony gestures with his fork at the cabinet a few feet away.
for their first wedding anniversary dammit! But then Doom had to go and be a dick and try to take over the world on the same day. So there went the
He can’t help but smile up at Steve, who is patting Tony down for the car keys. “I know what I’m saying to you,
“That goes for me too you know.” He pinches Tony’s side for the disbelieving scoff he gets. “Seriously. But I plan on making up for it.”
And now there’s a third drop of sweat; this one rolls down the side of Steve’s face as he swallows hard, his smile weakening under Tony’s stern gaze. “Um… yes? I mean. I wanted to thank you. For uhh… putting up with us. Putting us up in the Tower! But also putting up with us because we’re not easy people to put up.”
As soon as their eyes meet, Steve realizes he was wrong in his initial assessment. Happiness isn’t the only emotion Tony’s feeling upon seeing him. There’s
Miles is crouched on top of a SHIELD van, observing the proceedings. Sam on the other hand, is playing Candy Crush on his phone. Kamala meanwhile, gives into her boredom and exhaustion, and lightly dozes as she leans against the vehicle.
Like a sunflower turning to the sun, Steve can’t help but turn to look at Tony, who has Carol all but bouncing next to him as she asks him something. Tony glances over at him and they both grin, helpless but happy.
Well. Now that he mentions it... “Yes please,” Kamala grins sheepishly at the older hero. “And Math.”
“You’re the north star guiding me home,” Steve tells Tony, delighted and humbled by the sudden happiness that immediately shines on Tony’s face. “I could never get tired of you.”
erotic. There had been something about Tony on his knees, kissing Steve’s dick with such reverence... Steve could feel himself getting hard all over again.
So instead here is he, standing close but not close enough to the man he loves, the man he let slip away, aching to touch him and daring not to hope that maybe the kiss meant something more. He licks his lips and says in a rough voice, “You do. Look good.”
Steve pulls up with a pop, hair disheveled, eyes bright, and lips swollen. Tony blinks at the sight of him, taken aback by the wave of lust before he processes what just happened.
“You’re a paragon of virtue,” Tony tries to tease back but his voice is too hoarse and rough for it to sound teasing.
“Fifteen years and I’m not tired of you yet.” Emboldened by the way Tony’s hand comes to rest on top of his, Steve continues, wanting to lighten the mood. “You’re the peanut butter to my jelly. The bacon to my eggs.”
. That’s worse than Happy on his worst attempt to try and sweeten Tony up before breaking the bad news. He’d never have thought that Steve would be
Steve helplessly shrugs because yeah. Tony rubs his free hand over his face and sighs tiredly. “Of all the times…” He looks up, surprise pushed aside to make way for stern determination. “Tomorrow. After we’ve unsnapped Thanos’ decision. We’ll talk.”
For some reason, Tony’s eyes widen. Steve’s about to ask what’s wrong when Tony says, voice reedy, “
That yanks Steve out of his thoughts. He stares at Tony’s back in surprise and is about to ask why would Tony email
“Being a futurist doesn’t put you on the same level as a clairvoyant, Tony.” Steve nods over at the stove. “You couldn’t even tell you were going to burn the eggs.”
Tony’s hand begins to stroke her hair. It feels kinda nice. Mostly because it distracts her from thinking about how she feels one wrong thought away from throwing up. She focuses on how gentle Tony is being. He’s taken his gauntlet off probably. If he was stroking her head with his gauntlet, her hair would be getting stuck in it. Hmm. They must be somewhere safe then. Which probably means that the fight is done.
Steve gives the restaurant entrance a long, considering look before he holds his arm out to Tony. “Let’s go for a walk. Catch up.”
Steve’s ears have gone numb. But through the buzzing, he hears Sam mumble something about giving them both some privacy. Steve should turn around and ask Sam not to leave them alone. Better yet, he should give into the wriggling anxiety that’s crawling up his limbs and leave Tony alone. This isn’t a conversation he’s ready for. He’ll
cancel or call the organizing head up and tell them that he won’t be showing up with a date. But it’s going to look bad from a PR perspective. God. Tony can see the tabloid headlines already. Everyone’s going to be gloating over the fact that he’s seemingly incapable of staying in a relationship, never mind the fact that he’d very much
Tony nods stiffly and walks away from Cap, who sighs deeply before heading in Vision’s direction. As she watches Tony walk towards them, Kama tries to imagine what it must have felt like being in Tony’s shoes when the SHRA was happening. And try as she might, she really can’t. She doesn’t think she could do anything like he’d done. Sure she’s had her fair share of arguments with friends but she can’t think of a time where they’d disagreed so hard that the friendship had dissolved.
It’s the strangest and best dance Tony’s ever led. Anticipation has him tripping over his own feet but thankfully, Steve’s there to catch him. Tony can’t help but feel a little misty-eyed honestly. Steve makes a wounded noise when he catches sight of his eyes but Tony shakes his head, pulling Steve down into bed with him. Steve opens his mouth to say something. Tony’s quick to press a finger to Steve’s lips. He presses their naked bodies together, chest to chest, hip to hip. And revels in the contact.
He hates this. Steve hates how conflicted he’s feeling right now. And all because Tony’s just walking up to him looking like Steve’s the sun shining out from behind the thunderclouds. The radiance of it, after years of stormy weather, is too much for Steve to take. This is not the emotional flash-flood he’d braced himself for. Unsettled and unmoored, Steve tries frantically to grab the loose reins of his emotions. He throws his chest out, stands firm, chin slightly turned up as a silent challenge to Tony.
Steve groans into his ear as he comes, hot come splashing onto Tony’s stomach. As he lies there in his bed, with 200 plus pounds of super soldier panting on top of him, Tony knows he’s never going to forget a moment of this. Not a single damn detail.
Wearily, Steve runs his hand through his hair and sighs. Silence descends on the med-bay. It occurs to Steve, far too late, that Sam’s left them alone. He briefly wonders when Sam had quietly exited the room and tries not to flush as he wonders if Sam left before or after Tony’s confession.
Steve pulls away, their lips parting with a soft smack. He grins with self-satisfaction at Tony’s utterly dazed look. (He also avidly ignores the confused questions arising from their friends nearby). “Do you still like Italian?”
she decides. She’s going to risk the consequences and roll over on the bed. Hopefully the movement will be enough to make them change the subject.
Tony’s letter is currently buried under a pile of reports. He’s tossed Tony’s letter into the trash can twice so far and retrieved it twice before shoving it under the stack of manila folders. He figures he won’t get to the letter until he’s done with the paperwork, and he has no plans of doing so for the next few days.
She can’t stop thinking about her conversation with Tony. So much so that she’s distracted during the team’s training and she knows it. When Cap sternly tells her she needs to be better, she keeps her eyes trained on a spot over Cap’s left shoulder and nods tightly.
There’s a faint hum in her ears that prevents her from hearing Cap’s reply. Next thing she realizes is that Tony’s hanging up and saying, “Sorry you had to hear that.”
Tony definitely took it in the wrong sense and Steve had to explain the 'he-is-bi thing' again because apparently the last time he told everyone Tony was actually drunk out of his mind, didn’t hear anything and simply nodded along just like Steve suspected. That was about the time the self-deprecating statement from Tony’s earlier reply registered in the blonds mind.
“That’s not what I meant and you know it” Steve sighed “just look at my clothes, way too big” he placed both his hands inside the suit pockets on each side and waved them around as if to prove his point.
She just rolled her eyes. “Fine, go have lunch I’ll deal with this disaster. God knows how much the stocks are going to go down” The last parts were more of a mumble as she turned and walked off.
“My assistant will.....well uh assist you with that, Steve” Tony called to him barely looking in the blonds general direction.
JARVIS interrupted his stare down with the glass “Sir, it’s time for your regular shot of chlorophyll”
It didn’t get tense as Steve thought it would, both of the friends treating it like casual banter. When everyone else left it was only Steve and Tony left at the house.
Tony could swear that that woman was scarier than most of the super villains when she wants to be but right now he is simply going to ignore her and do what he does best. And that was hiding inside his workshop and pretending that he is fine. Yup, best plan ever.
" you've been avoiding me lately" something like hurt flashed across Steve's blue eyes in that moment and Tony felt really bad for putting that there. No Tony can't reveal the real reason and add more guilt and hurt nope.
Steve woke up that morning with the dreadful feeling that this day will not turn out to be good. He walked into the kitchen to see his best friend holding a cup of coffee and staring outside the window.
“-ark….Tony, listen to me. It’s Steve Rogers, your PA. We are in Malibu we are safe. You just had a nightmare. You’re alright Tony, just breathe. In and out like this……yeah”
“You don’t want to tell me who it is, fine I get it but you’re dying so please get the surgery Tony”
"What? Of course not, I'm bi, I thought you knew" Steve crossed his arms across his chest his expression was unreadable.
He held out the coffee, which tony accepted gratefully looking at Steve like he was his sun, moon and stars. His throat was burning with that familiar itch and he willed himself not to cough in front of everyone.
When Tony eventually calmed down, Steve tried to extract himself from the embrace but Tony held on tighter.
By the time Steve realized it had been twenty four hours since he left Stark tower they had managed to find quite a few things that belonged to Tony’s father.
“Change the calibrations and run that again J” Tony was deep in the insides of a brand new engine in his famous workshop. Well he had one in every house he owned, it just varied in size from house to house.
There was a palpable tension inside the car while they were on their way to the court. The three of them were lost to their own thoughts.
Okay so i added an OMC and didn't tag: Greg from downstairs but Greg from downstairs is an asshole so he doesn't count.
“I told you we were going to celebrate didn’t I and Sam picked me up from work” Bucky motioned with a hand that was holding a bottle of something that looked expensive.
“Okay that’s fine I’m here whenever you want me. You know that right Stevie” the other man uttered in a fond tone.
This was a bad idea, a very bad idea which was repeated by JARVIS inside the suit every five seconds but Tony chose to ignore it for the naked awe and appreciation on Steve’s face.
So i just realized all the events in the chapters so far happens in one day so this fic will probably have more than 10 chapters, sorry. And also fair warning: you guys can expect a lot of drama in the coming chapters (like soap opera levels of drama).
**The man from before, Ivan was leaning over and holding down a struggling Steve on the floor. Steve’s clothes were in disarray; shirt untucked, pants unbuckled and tears streaming down his face. One hand of the larger man was inside Steve’s shirt the other was covering his mouth. **
“Tony” that was Happy being unnecessarily loud. They both sprang apart as if tazed and stared at the intruder.
She was a little bit offended at first but one look at Stark and she knew why Pepper chose Steve and from a few hours with Steve she knew why he was the right choice.
“Okay, see you tomorrow” Steve nodded and stepped out of the car walked a few steps then tuned back and smiled again.
Steve and Nat along with a guy with dirty blonde hair and a bow (?) were allowed to go through old SHIELD archives to look for anything that might help. They had already stumbled upon a lot of Howard Stark’s earlier research which was a sort of revelation for Steve. Fury’s motivation to help Tony suddenly made sense to him.
Bucky looked taken aback for a second at the blatant confession and then his smirk only got wider “Gotta tell ya he’s a bit annoying most of the time but somehow Sam thinks he’s a good one but I don’t for the record”
They were teasing each other about drawing the suit when Steve noticed that they were standing very close to each other just like this morning in the dining room.  His heart rate kicked up a notch but what really took his breath away was what he saw behind Tony.
It felt nice, no really really good being held by Steve and he indulged himself and wanted to keep it for a little bit more. Tomorrow, tomorrow they could go back to being whatever they were but right now he just wanted to sleep luxuriating in the warmth radiated by this amazing person next to him.
It was their last night at Malibu; they would go back to New York the next morning. Steve found himself quite restless. He was avoiding Tony as much as he could and his employer was doing the same. He was worried how long this tension between them would last. He couldn’t sleep and decided to take a walk along the beach but as it was getting too cold he went back so when JARVIS asked him to help Stark he was still laying wide awake in his bed even when it was past three in the morning.
“This has something to do with Iron man doesn’t it?” Steve sounded or tried to sound equally intimidating. Now Steve is no dumb bunny; a government official, be it an agency he had never heard before that wants an outsider to spy on someone as important as Tony Stark was no laughing matter. Either they are that desperate or this is all an elaborate joke. But with the uproar going on about the Iron man armor he had guessed it had something to do with that itself.
