By the time Jarvis was able to track down and have a viable copy of any of Steve’s records - which involved sending Tony down to pick up paper copies from some dank basement in a teaching hospital all the way across town  (He was not pleased). Bruce was amazed Steve was capable of even walking into a recruitment office let alone making it through the initial training at Camp Leigh before receiving the serum.
AN: I will be using elements from the Iron Man Extremis Novel , which is what Ironman 3 is loosely based on. I am cherry picking elements to fit this story line.   This chapter we will be learning a lot more about the avengers pack and the challenges for our couples.
Gears turning and coils humming away with the tiny wiggling child lying safely inside. The mechanism providing a cold comfort for the warm womb the infant had been torn from prematurely. No matter all the lies the inventor told himself, deep down he knew this wasn't the final fix for the little boy.
A figure dressed in black their face obscured as they ran just ahead of him through the woods. They were fast or maybe just knew the landscape better.
Florescent lights are not flattering on anyone; the stark white light tends to wash everything in a sickly pallor. James had insisted that the old bulbs after getting tired of them flickering out far too often. He shouldn’t have sent the alpha out to replace the fixtures alone. In hindsight, he should have seen it coming. Now he’s left with this, the cold hue of white light making his pale skin look almost grayish yellow. On the other hand, maybe it was, maybe he was just ruined and the sickness was finally making itself visible under the utilitarian hum of the cylindrical bulb.
The part of Tony’s brain that knew about those fancy things like ‘self preservation’ was not awake at 3am, in fact, the only functional parts were all alpha and cocky playboy that liked to poke tigers with sticks.
Looking down at his son and then up at his mate and daughter, Steve could not help but feel a lump forming in his throat.
Tony would have liked to say he was surprised, however his life was never uncomplicated so having all hell break-lose wasn't at all surprising. He stared at his hands and tried to think about what the next 48 hours might bring, this was all they needed right now wasn't it?
“Daddy, how did the baby get in Papa's tummy?” Wendy looked up at her father, her questioning glance soon joined by her twins.
Steve came closer thinking perhaps if he showed her he merely meant to help not harm she would understand. All the while neither of them noticed the vibrant glow in the male Mer's chest growing brighter and brighter.
“Got it!” The axe shotgun sliced through the mechanical assailant’s skull with a satisfying crunch. “Ya know, I'm starting to get a little tired of these guys. I mean, is everything automated these days?”
Mood swings aside, Bruce wouldn't give this up. They were only a few weeks away from holding their daughter. Loki was calm today and had that barely there smile that Bruce loved the most. He walked up behind the taller man and dropped a kiss on the soft pale skin. “I love you.”
Then the sniffling started. Oh no…oh precious god of salted snacks no! Tony threw up his hands in surrender. “No… no it’s fine…Steve its fine.”
The omega huffed thinking about and tossed a dishrag onto the the drying rack. There was only so many times he could clean up the kitchen before he scrubbed the color off something. Was that even possible? Who knows. The point was Steve was bored with sitting at home in the penthouse while the team went out on missions.
Steve took a breath and gently slipped the photo from his Alphas hand, running his thumb over the slight crease the over excited man had placed on the image. “This is ours. Tony, I’m pregnant.”
“I don’t want your money… I don’t want anything from you!” the youth growl holding his head high and back straight as he left, hearing the old man laughing behind him.
The first time i lost you i swore never again, yet like a foolish child i found my time lacking and looked for sport in your world. It was at war and i thought perhaps i would find what it meant to serve a cause rather than fight by the side of those who never cared. I wanted ..to feel something perhaps.
Steve laughed, “Yeah I wouldn't disagree honestly. Bucky's always been that way. I'm not at all surprised it would take someone like Loki to keep him in-line.”
Tony couldn’t stand it; something in him just cracked his last year at University. He was never allowed to just be a kid and now he was going to graduate and have to sit behind a desk and be his old man’s right hand?  Something about that turned sour in the young man’s stomach. Images of starched shirts and days filled with meetings and worst of all being paraded around like a show pony because of his genius status. It all just felt wrong, Tony felt the walls closing in and he couldn’t fit in that perfect mold Howard wanted. He never could.
The command went out and the small group of heroes began to tighten their ranks. Steve still hadn’t heard from Tony.
It's just old wives’ tales, intellectually Howard knows that. The more he listens however, the more his whiskey-addled brain wants to believe.
Phil held up his hands in surrender, “No, we are defiantly fighting Hydra and its alliances. I will admit I was not on board with this idea, but I haven’t exactly been doing much fieldwork lately for obvious reasons. When I have its all been so covert not even you or your fellow avengers knew about it.”
“Cannons! They’re loading the cannons!” Someone shouted out the warning – hoping against hope one of his comrades could avoid the oncoming volley of iron and fire.
Right that meant Steve watched him go down and not come back up, Steve watched him plummet into the water…the one thing that Tony knew his omega had nightmares about was drowning.
“Hey their Barnes’ how are you guys doing!” One of the girls greeted as they walked in. “And you brought my two favorite little pups!” She squeals and knelt down to say hello to the twins.
The next victim was Bucky; the former asset was in the gym when he noticed the towers other former villain resident enters.
There wasn’t much talking after that, Steve found himself bent over the foot of the bed and Buckys metal fingers probing him from behind. He knew what they would find, another part of their play was Steve getting himself ready. Making sure he was slick and open for his lover.
Logically, one would think so. To simply avoid this struggle from the start. Somehow forgo the tribulations that this road has shown him. Yet, there is another part. The part that was a curious child with his nose in biology books. The part that remembers the people and place he's met along the way.
Her answer was thankfully, swift, “Absolutely not, even though Extremis has huge potential in the cosmetic field and even in treating patients with disfigurements and limb-loss, it’s still too volatile. Behaviorally and physiologically speaking all the test subjects became enraged after the introduction of the package. I had no way of knowing what it might do to a human subject, but Killian...”
“You’re not thinking clearly Howard, it’s just the drink talking right now. Why don’t we sit down have of cup of tea and talk about this?”
“Steve how could you! The sea monkeys are going to hear this disrespect, “The smile was board and welcomed after the sleepless nights Steve had. He missed this banter, this comfort.
Bruce smiled thoughtfully, of course she could tell. “Just something Steve said while he was here, probably nothing but...”
He's impatient, wants her out of here so badly that he can't stand it. Could be that it's just her personally that makes him uneasy – doubtful. Loki had his powers back, or at least a good percentage of them according to Thor. She wasn't a physical threat to him in anyway. If he wanted to the alien omega could have swatted her with the elegant swirl of a pinky finger. No this had nothing to do with her specifically and everything to do with him.
While Tony's health, both physical and mental seems to be stable for now. Thanks to Steve and Tony's renewed bond there were still so many variables that they didn't understand.
Pepper stood up and kissed the top of his head. “Then don’t, all you have to do is be honest with yourself and with Steve.”
That usually how these things went, even when he was the infamous Winter Soldier. Then again, maybe he still was- just with out the cold eyes behind his trigger finger. This time he'd remember it all because SHIELD was just ‘humane’ like that.
Tony nodded and set his own cup down, “Yeah well can’t say I’m a picture of such macho perfection cause I cried at the end of Fast and Furious 7.” By the confused look on the others, face Stark waved off the reference. “Point is, I watched him hold that in and when it came out. It was hard to see, harder to deal with but I somehow pulled my shit together and did it. We made it through all that ugly painful crap and came out the other side. The is an other side to it.”
He did of course he did. The mechanic had that timber in his voice now that sent a shiver down the Captain’s spine.
Stark's screams had James staggering to his feet and firing at Mallen's back. The glowing mass of man shook with the rounds and stepped away from the downed armor. It wasn't much but it was the best they had now.
Notwithstanding the marked improvements there were still some stumbling blocks along the way. Tony was still struggling with occasional side effects – sever debilitating headaches and mood swings. The former would leave the engineer curled up in unbearable agony which terrified Steve. The later would send Tony into a self-imposed exile. During these times he punched dents in the workshop walls and left streaks of congealed blood across the floors from his rapidly healing knuckles. Or worse, long silences and troubling 100-yard stares that would make Steve fearful to scarcely let the Alpha out of his sight.
Trying to disrobe and bathe someone who is basically catatonic wasn't the easiest thing in the world. Then there was a whole host of consent issues, biologically – as Loki's Alpha, he knew what would help the most right now but how could he even think about sex with his omega in such a state.
Despite that, he also remembers the agreement they made when it came to the team, they would always consult each other like equals. No matter how much Tony liked to joke on the coms about Steve being 'the boss', If they ever had the luxury to brief before a mission they would both go over strategy and Steve always took what he had to say and considered his opinion. That was one thing that the alpha valued between them. Stark would have been more than happy to have that agreement when it came to everything but Steve was a traditionalist. His omega preferred to defer to him behind closed doors.
There Cap stood tugging at the crotch of his suit as the ankle rode up his calves and the sleeves half up his forearm. Yeah he could not leave like this.
“Danke, it has been a long road. I hope so much for you Loki, I know so much about the hurt you feel now. I can see it in your eyes that you think you will never feel joy or have the right to. But have faith, because there is nothing you are given in this life that you cannot handle.”
The agents swift reply of “perimeter guards neutralized. My team is in position for frontal assault.” Made James stand up a little straighter, each muscle tensing like one of Barton's bowstrings.
Problems didn't arise until you threw in that horrid gray area of emotions and morality. Dilemma- didn't even begin to cover it.
“Yes, Thor is apparently not on the All fathers’ best side at the moment.” Loki commented with a little too much cheer in his voice. As a younger sibling or...not- sibling rather, it’s always nice when you are not the focus of your...not-fathers ire. So yes, maybe he was just a little pleased that Thor was having to the lectured by advisers for weeks and have to be on the receiving end of Odin's one-eyed glare.
“I wanna admire this monster for a bit” Tony said, with a little smile. “Look at you, all shaved for me. Did you do that last night?”  Before Steve could answer, Tony leaned forward and slowly bathed the tip of his cock in hot breaths.
Steve looked a mess, his cheeks already flushed and he pressed against the slighter man. “You wore them on purpose didn’t you?”
The famed, Red Skull became a showpiece. Preserved in suspended animation by the very cube he sought out. Schmitt was on display in along with other collected curiosities in a realm far away. That was until another band of would be heroes stumbled into the Collectors shop and unleashed a wave of energy from another such stone - much like the tesseract.
The little white and black mouse had lost one of his legs recently after a particular nasty run in with the resident house cat.
The alpha  chuckled softly before draping himself over his mate and pushing slowly inside. “So bossy. It’s a good thing you’re pretty.”
“Kinda, the baby will be a part of daddy and me. He or she is going to love you very much, just like we do and when the baby is big enough you’ll have someone to play with. Won’t that be nice?”
"Loki.." Don't look, he wants you to look. Little minx is just gunning for you to let your eyes linger too long. Don't lose it now Stark.
Tony of course considered that security would be to the gills and wasn’t coming in the front door; the helipad on the roof looked good though. Moreover, he could spot Barton up there watching the entrance, bow at the ready.
Sure… rumors said the alpha was promiscuous in his youth, taking to bed anything he fancied. Maybe Steve was just some sort of oddity, the best of both worlds, Tony had been curious and now that curiosity was filled. That made sense; the billionaire could add ‘captain America’ to the notched on his bedpost.
Natasha sat back in her chair, folding her legs up and taking a deep swig of some off brand soda they got out of the hall vending machine. “Could it be the difference in species? Thor said Loki was a ..Jotun, Frost Giant right? Maybe its just incompatible genetics.”
“No..” He shakes his head violently, ink strands of hair shrouding his face as their smooth texture fades away showing the messy dull waves. “This is my fault, it's mine.”
The little prince looked back and felt his heart stutter, a horned snout with a massive row of teeth reared its head from the darkness. “OH SHIT!”
It wasn’t his, No… this was a result of a new ‘upgrade’ Stark felt like he wasn’t feeling enough in the suit. He never spoke the words and did not answer his AI’s questions to the gauntlets design.
AN: Ok so the general consensus seemed to want Mpreg so that will be an eventuality, don’t expect it though for at least six for chapters, lol this is slow burn people and we still have complex feels to get through.
War machine slammed into the ground and struggled to stand, inside the suite red lights were flashing and warnings popped up all over the HUD. Still Rhodes wasn’t going to give up.. “Tony ..Just  listen to me.”
This is what he wanted. Right here in front of him was everything he ever wanted. “I'm sorry Steve, maybe...maybe I made a mistake.”
“Agent said no, they ran pretty tight interference with lab work, don’t want anyone getting their hands on any super juice and what not. I imagine wasn’t easy but you know Coulson, he’s a ninja or something.”
With Steve’s, heat imminent, Tony finds himself torn between things happening around him and his family. He needs a drink or ten because how is he supposed to do all of this right now.
Rogers shook his head as he moved to change in the bathroom, “yeah I’m sure it did, put your name on the side to?”
This was the conversation that Steve was silently dreading. Not that he was going to show it right now, but it was true. All night he had lain next to Tony -pretending to sleep when he had really been thinking about this conversation. Preparing as he would prepare for battle, he had to be able to sit here, listen, and show no fear.
'I'm starting to wonder is this may have something to do with it.” Bruce said sliding over the scroll for the others to scan.“The way this reads is that unlike human omega who typically have cycles on a reasonably predictable basis, the jotnar seem to only have them when conditions are most favorable.”
“…don’t you puppy face me Rogers…no...Ah, damn it. There it is, the eyes and everything.” Tony leaned up and kissed the soldiers pouting lips. /that damn face and those damn eyes. This was why Steve Rogers should never be allowed to become a super villain. He will charm his way into world domination with and army of adoring fans. Maybe it wasn't such a bad idea, because right now- All Tony could thing of was how good Steve looked all swollen with those pups – his pups.  Damn his Alpha hindbrain. “Yeah, I’m so knocking you up again.” he nearly growled against his omegas growing smile. He wasn't wasting anytime it seemed, already climbing over the solider and pressing him into the mattress.
When they took Steve from his arms it felt like losing him all over again, the only reminder of his presence was the blood smeared on the armor.
Peters parents were not thrilled when their little omega first brought home Wade Wilson. It was about as bad as when they found out the boy was secretly Spiderman. Wade (in his general lack of mind to mouth filter) thought they would like him better by mentioning he was the deadly mercenary known as Deadpool.
The unsaid words of “You should too.”  Lingered in her gaze. That was a whole other conversation that Barnes did not want to have right now.
When she arrived Peggy didn’t bother knocking on the workshop door, she pulled a thin blade from her garter and slipped it in past the lock and jacked open the door.
Steve was enraged, how could Fury even compare this to any of the calls he made in the field. “I could have handled this!” he grit, fist clenched at his sides. Steve was holding back an urge to punch the other man. Everything in him rebelling against what little respect he used to have for the man. When Fury told him that the world had been under the impression that Captain America was dead for over six month, he lost it.
Driving through New York to the small cemetery in Brooklyn, the place where Steve’s mother was buried. Tony thought it was only right.  The drive was eerily silent and cars pulled to the side of the road giving the trail of cars wide birth. Civilians left their cars and stood with hands over their hearts or saluting as the hearse went by. There were fire trucks with raised ladders holding up massive flags.
Should he tell Steve about the phone call with Hansen? It wasn't like there was much ole Cap could do about it right now anyway, and he knows Steve is already stressed enough.
“Every things gonna be ok doll. Don'tcha worry. “Said more to assure himself than Loki as James reached over and gently stroked the tangle of black hair. At least the omega wasn't shying away from his touch, that seemed like a good sign.
Thor had taken many bedmates over the years; he was the favored son in that respect. Balder had a few before he settled down. The two eldest of Odin’s house were coveted by many a fair siren.
“Captain, I hate to have to ask as I know this is a sensitive subject for you.” Simmons started but pushed ahead with a nod from Bruce. It had to be done. “I will need to do a pelvic exam.”
For now, there would be merriment and Joy throughout the kingdom as the much anticipated even was finally upon them.
Tony leaned up on his toes and pressed a soft kiss to his lips. “..I should have told you, you know I just wanted to protect you, everyone.”
Loki doubted she would return to him now, she would likely disappear never to be heard from again. If she did return; she may quietly ask him to take back his gift, maybe if she were honest it would hurt less. It would have been better if she rejected him properly rather than smile in his face and pretend as though she felt the same.
Tony didn’t need an invitation any clearer than that, the Alpha was calling out for Steve’s floor to be locked down and for any calls directed to him were to be forwarded to Pepper with the understanding he would detained for the next 5 to 8 days. The next order of business was to get Steve in a more comfortable setting.  Large open rooms simply were not the best thing for an omega in heat. Especially when Tony would have to get up and bring food, the space would feel ten times greater.
“It sounds nuts” Bucky interjected. Barnes had always been the blunt one among them, even more-so now since his injury. Natasha often worried if James' short temper would ease with time but it hadn't yet. Now they all sat staring at the man as he spotted off. “Just say it, why bullshit the guy. You're askin us to go hunt down what? The boogie man? I hate to break it to you Stark but the only thing out there is shitty people and sharks, honestly I'd take the sharks. At least they come at you honest.”
The zodiac themed baddy had shown up in central park, barreling through the gates with several semi trucks filled with an android army in the likeness of his former companions who once represented the other members of zodiac. Some of which who had fallen and other who were currently rotting in shields secrete prisons. This seemed more than a little creepy to at least a few of the avengers.
Coming down from the orgasm, Steve blinked up at the ceiling and shivered reflexively at the pleasant tingling claiming his extremities. By then Tony had made his way back up the bed and was kissing  his chest.
Loki watched the little reunion, quietly putting away the book he'd been reading and working on controlling his expression. Seeing Steven with his little ones always did something to him. It was a sour kind of pain that almost pulled him down through the floor. In a way, Loki wished it just would. “I'll get their things” he spoke softly and drifted from the room.
“Something wrong with reindeer games. He seemed like he was fighting fit last time I saw him.” Tony realized then that the world goes on outside the tower. Here was a guy who, for all intensive purposes was part of his pack. Barnes looked like hell now that he really looked.
After caring for the outside creatures, Steve would head in to do some cleaning and hopefully find a few scraps of bread and cheeses. He was in luck today and wrapped his spoils in a cloth before climbing the stairs to the attic.
Tony shook his head and looked back to the abandoned phone on the pillow. Bruce had sounded so worried about Steve. “Yeah…ok.”
“I assume, if the condition was favorable… he’ll go into heat.  Unfortunately, I can’t say if it would be safe or not.”
“Tony please, I’m old but not that old. Oh and Sammy, bring the wing pack by the tower sometime. I can’t see SHIELD taking it back anytime soon and I’m sure you could use the repairs and maybe some upgrades.”
Thor had brought quite the collection for Bruce and the rest of the science gang: Hank, Jemma and Fitz pour over. Apparently, it had taken quite a while for them to be compiled. The heavy books and scrolls covered at least two tables, along with what they already had, Thor had people back home seeking accurate information. However, the thunderer did confess there where not many who would help Loki, despite the royal family efforts to redeem him in the eyes of Asgard. Some would never be able to forgive and forget all of the silver tongues past misdeeds, or his heritage.
Oh yeah Tony had watched alright. Loki in the training room was something like music and magic. He learned from the best and he took it all and made it his own. Tony watched and felt his shirt collar dampen and his  tie suddenly feel like it was damn near strangling him. "Get out Loki."
Damn that kid for his speed because one moment he was across the room and next there he was clinging to Starks jacket. Face open and and not a lie in sight. Damn him.
Honestly, they didn't but it would take the alpha a good hour or twos search at the store. Plus, travel baring any traffic he would be away no less than four hours.
“Duchess...do you know what has become of her? She is alone and... I would not want her to wonder looking for food.” Loki said sinking into a corner of the sofa pulling a blanket tightly around his shoulders.
He gathered the omega in his arms and jostled him lightly. “Please Steve..” He said, retracting the gauntlet to pat the side of the Captain’s face. Trying as hard as he could to ignore the tremble in his own voice.
ensions still felt too thick, he wished there was just a switch he could flip and go back to the life that felt worth living.
This age might have been more accepting, time had changed things but it never got a chance to change Steve. His fears and his worries were still trapped all those years ago, long before he had the strength to defend himself. He didn’t have the empowerment of today’s omegas. He didn’t have a lot when it came to this time.
It was this moment they would never forget, not the pain or the anguish. This would remain vivid as the moment there eyes watched the lights over the lift glow and the grind of mechanics raising the steel box from the deeps. Because this was the last time things would be the same, the last time one of them would ever feel human.
“Well that was pointless.” Steve looked over at the computer screen unimpressed. Natasha said he should look into some dating sites and Tony volunteered to set up the profile.
Natasha had been the only one to carefully convince the little boy to come to her with promises that he was safe and that they were not going to hurt him. It wasn't until Steve looked sadly at the small boy that something else happened.
He wasn’t going to be doing it alone this time either. Director Nick Fury of SHIELD said that he would be leading a group of exceptional individuals.
They had to sedate Bucky again, Steve saw them do it and it killed him. Watching the man thrash as people held Barnes down, watching that brief moment of fear flashing in Bucky’s pale eyes.   Part of him wanted to go in and help, try to calm Bucky down. Natasha told him no, said it would just make things worse if Bucky saw him.
Now, Tony sat there staring into the palms of his hands letting it sink in. His eyes tracking the grease that followed the lines of his palms and settled around the gold of his wedding band. "Why...why did you have to be the one to fall on the wire?"
Once Tony was hauled on deep and prized out of suit he sputtered and shivered in the damp, “Some one hand me the bones helmet, hurry up ..chop chop boys burning day light.” He snapped his fingers and received several gawking looks from young agents. “Am I speaking pig Latin? Is there a failure to communicate. Let me rewind and slow this down for you. I.. want.. the.. other.. helmet. Comprede?” The billionaire waved his hands around his face.
Suddenly, the young man stopped and looked out from the office window into the courtyard below. "They don't know me.Not really. You do Stark. They know what the all-mother has granted. This new improved version of an old monster that even don't remember that well. You look at me and still see him. Even so...you have want in your eyes."
The shower felt good, Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and just held him under the spray for a long time. There was nothing particularly sexual about this. They just needed this closeness, it was reassuring and that’s what Tony really needed right now.
His tone was even if a bit annoyed, hiding the disappointment well. Loki had become so good at hiding, delving deeper into his former title as the god of lies.
With shaking hands and tearful eyes, the omega accepted his alphas care, because James would never hurt him. They curled together and the alpha was tender in his words and touches.
Thankfully before the omega could ruminate any further, the platform doors opened and Iron man touched down. Glistening red and gold began to dismantle as Tony walked in, a broad smile across his face.
Still, there was nothing like welcoming domestic bliss after spending a week away living out of garment bags and attending mind-numbing meetings with shareholders and plant supervisors. He was used to playing with the big boys but that was ages ago – back when all the major players were a lot like Obie, a bunch of old suits who sat around drinking brandy and telling tales of their younger days.
“That’s bullshit Cap” All joking was aside now. If Tony pushed his pheromones a bit to make a point the didn’t mean to, but seeing Steve like that made him want to take away that doubt. To make it better. Alpha’s comfort and protect. “Number one, no one outside this tower will find out until you’re ready. Number two, we are a pack and you know that. As weird and social awkward as we are, that’s what’s going on here. That’s the point of this whole damn building… I haven’t had… family. Maybe it’s selfish but I want that and I see the lot of you rejects as that family. No one’s gonna hate you or think any less of you. I didn’t.”
Stark came off the elevator with hell on his heels.  The alpha was muttering soft curses under his breath as he dashed through the pent house, this all had unraveled so quickly and if Tony was being honest, he hadn’t even processed it yet.
Being in his own home he would be comfortable, unguarded. Arriving unexpected would leave him little time to prepare. Natasha had played his game before; he relied on his own superiority. A king holding court, showing everyone just how smart he was. Nevertheless, even with all that intelligence, at his core Loki was a child trying to prove something. His anger could unsettle him.
Date number three, Tony showed up to the common floor and set a simple white box in Steve’s lap before slipping off to the kitchen whistling innocently.
The visit to the Mutant Academy elevated Loki's spirits in a way nothing else had. While it was true there were still no answers that could support him physically he had another answer. Somewhere in all of this sadness and pain there was a single thread of hope. That was a small but precious something that he'd not had until now. A proper direction for his energies to focus upon. A direction that didn't feel like a twisting road into the darkness. In a way...it was a new kind of a sincere hope. A hope Loki wanted to much to cling to because even if his body had failed his mind had not, his heart had not. As withered of a thing as it maybe perhaps it was still worth something. Feasibly he wasn't an awful thing meant to be punished for the deeds of his past. Perhaps, in his penance he could help someone else left alone and lost, another unwanted soul.
Just another knot head alpha who thought he knew better than anyone else did. Using that - over educated double talk to ride high and holier than thou over all the little stupid people around him.
“Can you get up…Loki if you don’t answer me I'm breaking down the door.” There was a whimper at the declaration, a soft sound that seemed so beautiful because if he could make a sound he was ok. “ Sweetheart don't be scared. It‘s just me, Its James.”
Tony couldn’t work, his brain was going 90 miles an hour thinking about how he could just hand Steve the journal. Finally settled on just sending a bot up to Steve’s floor with the journal so yeah …not the bravest but what can you do. After reading through it himself, it just all seemed too personal. Sure, he and Steve were friends but there was a line that was crossed in those pages. A line that left Tony feeling strange about what sort of relationship had Howard had with Steve. The way it read… well it was ambiguous at best but there was a certain amount of familiarity there that spoke more that friendship and wasn’t that a mind fuck.
The billionaire felt his mouth go dry watching as Loki lifted his hands creating for himself a throne worthy of any LOTR film. Following that the prince lounged as siedr flowed from the interdemtional space licking at his skin in hues of Gold, Amber, and Green. Tony wasn’t sure if watching Loki…recharge was supposed to be erotic. Nevertheless, it was.
It features Omega Steve...cause that is my damn crack and..yeah. XD so! if you want to read it /bookmark/subscribe and get ready for that i will be posting the cover chapter and foreword shortly. The Fic I'm anticipating may run 50,000-70,000 words over a course of around 15 -20 chapters. With updates Monthly or Bi monthly, depends how wild i go on it. For those of you who read a lot of my full length works - you know i tend to write fairly quick. so who knows, I'm going for longer chapters one i just hope you enjoy it.
“Of course not, we only want what is best for you Loki.” Charles reached out taking one of the other males long slender boned hands between his own. “Just because someone stumbles and loses their path, doesn’t mean they can’t be saved. Please remember that Loki.”
“Plus, you wouldn’t want to miss out on the early bird specials. I know you seniors like a good deal on some cream of wheat.”
Honestly, why did there need to be so many different choices of laundry detergent. “I don't wanna smell like’ a field of lavender or a mountain stream...where the hell is the soap smellin soap.” He muttered going down the isle until he finally spotted a boring looking bottle far cheaper than all the others that just said it cleaned.
The mer leaned over the side balancing what would have been her hips on the port ledge as her fanning tail came into view behind her. “Silly mortal, nowhere in the shallow halls of your primitive mind could you conjure up anything even a fraction of what I am.”
(This had been instituted by Obadiah, to this day Tony can't take the smell of a cigar with out flinching.)
Loki had been blinded by her smiles and drawn in by her seeking touch. Like the sailors, she drowned with her voice, suffocated by her promising whispers and false admiration.
The sudden gagging from the bathroom was enough indication where his mate was. James just shook his head and entered the en-suite. “Doll...” He knelt down near the toilet and gathered up a handful of black hair from around the omegas face.
Perhaps this exile with his power crippled was even too kind. Loki had prayed that he was meant for the axe. To die would have been better than living like this.
Strange huffed and made a few symbols in the air before a small glowing arc appeared over little Peters forehead. "just for show i promise" he quietly told the Captain. Before taking the squirmy little infant and walking out to the middle of the towers launch deck. The rest of the avengers had gathered around and the proud parents looked on as the Doctor raised the child up to the morning sun.
He wandered around the penthouse aimlessly as if walking would somehow leek out the frustration, pausing in front of the nesting room before he even realized were he was.
Maria had been the one thing in his life that kept him grounded. They had been so excited about the baby; everyone in their little family had been so excited. Even Peggy and her partner Angie had been all smiles to hear about the little one. It was such a shock to lose Maria. Then…then Howard disappearing out to sea with the baby and coming back alone with these tales of monsters.
It was Barnes, super soldier hearing had its advantages. “I'll watch his back Stevie, I put that bitch down once. I could do it again.”
“Logan be careful please.” Kurt said gently as he called over Loki's shoulder where James and Logan where rough housing with Wade. The little boy in question was earnestly begging to be thrown in the air higher.
It wasn’t as if Tony had boundaries anyway so he just walked in. Sure, enough there was Steve hunkered down on the toilet, eating a bag of chips.
“I’m just tired and hungry; I’ll stop some place on my way back from running.” He said to himself before continuing into the bathroom and filling a glass with water. Confident he’d feel better later, maybe he would even skip the run and just go get breakfast and bring it back to share with Tony. Hopefully the alpha had gotten to bed at a decent hour and would be awake.
Tony fell to his knees and stared at the untouched arm. “What have I done...?” He can't feel Steve. He hasn't even seen the kids since returning to the tower. Had he even thought about then until now, the only time he'd left the workshop was to fix Barnes arm. When was that? He hadn't eaten or even drank and yet he felt no hunger or thirst.
Steve tried to put the fear out of his mind; he had a job to do and missions. Tony had work to do and not to mention the hundred or so other things with the team gear upgrades. Steve just had to ride this out, it was probably nothing.
Loki waved him off easily enough with one of those barely there smiles of his. An air of easiness that the alpha had missed. If felt like the turning of a page and deep within him James felt the tug of hope that maybe, just maybe this was the start of something better. Perhaps the journey was a long one but one he was happy to take with his Omega.
Coulson's team moved as one unit. Their formation well practiced form the missions they had gone on together. Moving on the main entrance was no different from any other tactical assault and the Agent was confident in his people.
"Aye, I seen her there in mist. Hair like gold and skin softer than a babe, pale white and shining like' a pearl. Ya know their magic, tricky things though, halfta watch them or they'll drown a man for their amusement."
Things escalated as the heat began to swim through his brain. Steve found himself on his belly with his Alpha at his back. For all his talk and posturing Tony was remarkably gentle. Kissing down his spine with praises falling from his lips on every other breath.
Tony had a picnic spread out on the balcony that looked like it had been professionally catered - knowing Tony it probably had been.
Steve sat up eyes blazing, “Just get to the point Stark and stop playing around. Say it, say you know what Howard and the wonderful United States Government hid about me. Go ahead and make your jokes.”
James had been away on a mission for weeks, he was tired and hungry and all he wanted was to curl up in bed and smash on everything in the fridge. Part of his wish came true with cold pizza, ice cream, 2 bags of chips and a gallon of ice tea.
Steve looked away, fighting the heat in his face because sure flashing everyone was embarrassing, flashing Tony was worse. “You think you can really handle all those people in your Tower touching your stuff.”
Growing up so poor, Steve hadn't had that luxury. He had to grow up fast and contribute to what was left of his broken family. Then his mother passed and he was alone.
“Its fine, we knew this was coming right?” Tony said putting his palm against Steve’s forehead and gently coaxing the omegas head back against his shoulder.  “Bruce just needs to look you over so we can see what we need to do now ok?”
Bucky  had been under the impression that that was when the best part of him had died. That all was left of who he was, was now a monster. Things changed on Asgard, who would have thought he would feel the most at home on an alien planet? If he could have gone back in time and spoken to his old self, he knew the man he was would have laughed.
“Oh that’s a relief, here I thought this rich life had you sitting on your ass eating bon bons all day.” Barnes grinned and took a seat across from his friend, sure there was tension, there may always be but for now..they could ease back into this playful banter. Surprisingly it didn’t hurt like he thought it would to be so close to Steve like this. That was good because he didn’t want it to, he wanted to know that he made the right choice and right now..looking at Steve smile - glowing. He knew he had.
See buddy I told you the little Hawkeye kitty outfit was a good idea.. hey what...don't tell me to be quiet. I feed you..
Crooning softly he moved up the bed and leaned against the headboard. There was no surprise when the mass of blond seemed to sense him there and moved closer.  “
He thought back to his omegas words before he left. “If you die...I'll burn the world.” That's a hell of a lot of pressure to put on a person. However, James knew better, Loki wasn't talking about the whole world...just his. What he was really saying was. 'If you die. It would kill me.'
Jane went to her mother-in-law reluctantly, “wait…where’s Darcy!” She suddenly remembered her lady in waiting, “I can’t leave without her Frigga, and she’s like a sister to me!”
Today especially, anytime they went into the city, more specifically Avengers Tower, Loki always felt like he needed an additional layer of 'armor'. Looking his best was Loki's way of showing he was still just as formidable, even if her wasn't the one standing in a court square demanding mortals to kneel.
Phil came home with the expectation that his husband would have actually unpacked the items he ordered for there new apartment. Alas, the agent returned to find the coat wrack still in its box along with parts of the Ikea book case-sans shelves, and the curtain rod for the guest bathroom in pieces.
The alpha knew what it was, the doctor said it would take time for Loki’s normal heat cycle to return and it looks like it had. Barnes shook his head and clenched his fists, he had to be there for his mate and keep his head clear.
Of course, when he looked Steve was right, as he brought in the breakfast cart one of the delicate bone chine cups lay shattered on the floor. Tea already seeping into the rug. He would have to scrub it before it set, so much for having a warm breakfast for himself.
That the formality with these debriefings, more-or-less regurgitating information that SHIELD no doubt has already read backwards, forwards, and in seven different languages.
This is what he'd been so worried about and it's crystal clear, Tony is gone. Whoever this is...isn't his Alpha. “I'm sorry. I’m sorry.” Steve is up and he's fleeing from the bedroom. Tony isn't even following him and that's different too; “I'm going to stay in the guest floor with the kids, when you're feeling like yourself again let us know. And for the record Mr. Stark, I loved the man I married. I loved everything about him even his flaws because that's what made him mine.”
“What where you just saying about being late?” Loki retorted, gently removing his mates roaming hands. He smiled, it was a little weak but easy enough to believe. Honestly, he couldn't bear to be touched right now. Every ounce of tenderness just served as an ugly reminder to his own ineptitude.
Tony leaned forward resting his chin on his folded hands, “What if the serums failing. There is so much we didn’t know about, so much people like my old man hid for so long. All of this is happening one right after another, what if all those experimental hormones we gave Steve trying to help him just hurt him. What if …what if this just gets worse? What if…”
Tony had done so well, until he sat on their bed, until that damn urge couldn’t be quelled and he reached out and grabbed Steve’s Pillow. Tony pressed his face into the cotton and could still smell his husband’s shampoo. That fading remnant of the man he loved and would never see again.  It broke something that was holding so strong up until then. The dam shattered and the playboy’s throat tightened as the sob clawed its way out.  He doubled over, crushing the pillow to his chest. He cried and let out horrible strangled sounds through gritted teeth.
"Of that, I know not. You may well dismiss me and I should have no other recourse than to leave." Loki spread out his hands with a smile. "That said, I truly hope you would at least give me a single evenings audience to change your mind. You are...unlike any woman i have ever met and I am unable to think of another these many nights since our first conversation. While i regret that I was less than myself at the time, the pleasure of speaking with you...being tricked by you. Is one I shall never forget."
Amora raged, “He’s ruined it that fool!” She shouted looking down at the powerful magic humming on the center of her chest.
Steve turned and cause the inventor a serious stare, “You know if we do this I’m not letting go with out a fight. I’m not going to let you just bail when you get bored and I will be damn sure to call you down about all that avoiding and nonchalant stuff you do.  We do this Tony and it’s for keeps.”
“Yeah because I’m already sweaty and pregnant I absolutely want to be buoyant in warm water. I’ll pass thanks.”
That only left one person, the only person who cared enough about Steve to keep this close to the vest for now.
The inventors dark eyes lingered over him a moment before Tony shrugged, “I had to do that alone cap, you understand that right?”
Fury's leather coat flutters as he stands from the table, James briefly wonders if that damn thing was tailored just to do that or if their some floor vents that Nick has on a remote to provide maximum badassery at any given moment. “We pull back for now and monitor them from CCTV and satellite. Mallen's paranoid so we don’t want him to feel the heat. Once he's comfortable he'll no doubt make his move and we'll be ready to intercept the package.”
"You are right now. Loki..." Bruce eyed him now looking concerned. Did he truthfully look that bad? "Loki if it's too hot stop eating it you don't have to prove anything to me."
Bruce balked and crossed his arms. “No I'm not. That's not at all and you know that. What I meant is we thought you were dead Tony.” His tone turning somber as the pair made their assent. “Steve...he felt it. He was so broken Tony. I have never seen anything that bad, he was nearly hysterical with grief so I had Natasha take him up to your nesting room to try and calm him down. It was that or I would have to tranquilize him and the only thing we have on hand strong enough is Hulk darts. I didn't want to drug him like that.”
McCoy sat back holding a cup of coffee hoping the warmth would take away the chill that had taken root while reading page after page. Bruce, was even worse for wear as the man had to excuse himself to calm down.
Tony of course, was being his usual overindulged self. “ You know Jarvis could have done a scan and we would have known instantly! This is barbaric ….peeing on a stick Steve.”
Steve didn’t think so, somewhere in his agony soaked mind he could remember when they pulled him into the van - he saw Tony. He was lying on the curb with blood on his face. One of them had hit him, like a coward they had surprised them and took Tony out before he could call the suit.  Tony wasn’t here, that was good. That meant he was out there an looking for him.
“I’m addressing the hostel takeover, trust me I’m a professional.” Tony said, reaching over to the bedside table and taking a jar of Shea butter. The inventor warmed a dollop of the lotion in his hands before rubbing soothing circles over the heavy mound.
Steve had disappeared a moment ago, leaving him in the kitchen with a promise that he'd be right back. Tony stood there a moment just looking at the pictures stuck to the fridge. Colorful pictures titled 'my family.' and 'I luv papa and daddy'. He smiled softly running his fingers over the pages.
I fell so far, I lost myself in the void and perhaps...I didn't even want it back. I committed sin after sin and cared not if i was destroyed along the way. Even wished for it.
Stark thought about all those random meetings and late night conversations, he wonder what it would have been like if they never had happened. What he would be like right now without Steve Rogers in his life. That was something he didn’t want to imagine because it hurt. Hurt like having the reactor torn out of his chest.
Steve had to admit it did feel better. “You can’t do that all night.” He mumbled trying to relax back into a pile of pillows under his back.
The twins burst out of the elevator as soon as the doors opened wide enough for them to force their little bodies through the gap. Steve had frankly given up on stopping them at this point. After all he had survived the great depression with copious ailments and little to no medical care. So yeah, Peter and Wendy ran around in pull ups and shirts (if he was lucky the shirt was more or less optional when your babies are little streakers – too much like their father), tended to eat stuff they dropped on the floor, and for a while there – licked random surfaces and screamed ‘mine’.
“Ok I’m going to touch your gland,” Bruce warned before plying gentle pressure around the swollen node that rested along the upper sternocleidomastoid muscle of the neck. His touch met with a hiss from Rogers. “It’s inflamed, which isn’t uncommon in older omega that are unmated; however, it’s the pain reaction that concerns me. It should be sensitive but not painful.”
“An associate of mine procured this some time ago, from a village in the south seas. Apparently the carcass itself had been decade but the tribal people there kept this as a sort of shrine to the creatures. He was able to barter with their leaders of course. For the right amount of coin people will part with gods it seems.”
Little-by-little, the child began to warm the ice left around Loki’s heart. Just as the baby’s crystal eyes shifted gold and then a darker bronze with age. Asgard’s newest little royal became the joy of his very protective father.
Then there was Bucky, It was as if they didn't look twice even knowing who he had been and the things he had done. Tony still had a hard time with that but he was able to try for Steve. Stark had an amazing capacity to forgive, in the last year he'd even been civil with Loki. They all had tried to welcome the difficult omega for Barnes.
Frigga looked to the old woman, as the image passed between them, a horrible vision of a life not yet lived filled with mistakes and pains, a life ended…
It was evident that the quality rest was having a positive effect on not just the expectant omega, but also the entire team. The feeling around the tower had lightened. Things were falling back into those rare periods of calm.
Time passed with slow touches and roaming lips, the later more the alphas fault. Steve was feeling better, the apprehension was still there but he did not feel that same tightness in his back and shoulders. If anything- being here with Tony made him feel weightless. If only this feeling could last.
Maybe Erskine had been wrong about him being a good man. Maybe what Steve Rogers was, was a selfish man. A man who stopped fighting for what was right and instead what he thought was right.  The world had changed and Steve hadn’t had a chance to changed with it, even since he woke. All this life was just… missions and work, do the job and come home. When he was home, he spent his days reading, or listening to the oldies stations and watching films he remembered.  Steve was stuck.
Stark looks down at his hands in horror as the flesh bubbles and turns a bright red. The burning mass that was once his hands then shimmers for a moment from gold to silver... “What the hell...” his words crack as another rush of black blood forces its way up his throat. Tony barely manages to turn on over and not asphyxiate on the bile and blood. Looking down at the mess he starts to think its a lot more than just breakfast...it looks like bits of organ, then suddenly it all makes horrible sense.
“I noticed.” He shouldn‘t have said that, damn it just slipped out. Moreover, before he could get a handle on it the challenge was accepted.
( any of the above never ended well for anyone. In darker days before, Howard finally put the bottle away- thanks to an ultimatum from his wife that she would walk away forever otherwise, breaking such rules would end in house call from the Stark family's personal concierge physician. One particularly nasty evening on Tony's first visit home from boarding school had ended with a broken wrist. Howard hadn't been able to look at him for week after that and increased his allowance, as if that was a substantial enough apology.)
The sea rumbled and the sky darkened above the once still glassy surface began to churn with unrest. Amora cackled and screamed as her former pallid flesh began to tint and change. Gone was her smooth milk skin as ever inch inked darker than the depths below. Her scales changing from their glorious hues of crimson and emerald to a muddled mix of black and brown. The Mers slender body lengthened and expanded, her muscle bulging grotesquely as they reformed with new mass and shape. All the while more magic surrounded her; flowing from the sky above and the sea floor below.
Tony groaned and rested his forehead on Steve’s broad shoulder. “It’s my birthday isn’t it, we need to work on your dirty talk babe but that’s ok. Practice makes perfect. So just go slow and repeat that, feel free to call me Daddy at any point.”
The Captain flinched and looked away, not the response Coulson was looking for, “Oh…I see I might need to enact the RT2B protocol.”
“Some things you can’t get back” Barnes said gesturing to his empty sleeve. “Mr. Stark, your son is gone and if this siren took him then she’s long gone by now.” Even James had to admit he felt bad for the guy. No mater what really happened to his kid, it was clear Howard Stark loved his son and the loss had obviously done something to the man that nothing was going to fix. It was better to be straight up with him. Death was a hard pill to swallow, but it was final.
“Dropped off like a ton of bricks. I could scent it to...even more than usual, gonna go out on a limb here and assume that’s not a good sign.” Tony said, gently shifting out from under the sleeping super soldier and walked out of the small space with Bruce.
I want to answer him, I want to throw on that war bonds smile and tell him everything peachy keen but it isn’t and I can’t.  I feel cold sweet prickling down my back and it feels like my gut just dropped from the empire state building.
The alpha sagged into the seat and scrubbed his hands over his face. “Yeah, no you’re right. Going slow slow is good. Slow is great actually, slow and steady wins the race right? Yeah…winning.”
Xavier valued the honesty, “Loki has a hard time recognizing his worth. He means more to many more people than he realizes.”
It wasn't that James was ungrateful from his now insured survival. Intellectually he knew that Stark did what he had to so that they both could walk out of here. Even so, Barnes had seen men give up too much to win. Despite the playful animosity he often showed Tony, he didn't want to see anything happen to the man. In the grand scheme Stark was still family, James had grown to respect the eccentric inventor and even enjoy the other alpha's company. More than that he knew Tony was more than his inventions, more than his money or his fame. Tony was a good a man.
The ravenette unfolds himself and frowns. “Is this your attempt at bonding with me Steven? I assure you, you need not feel so compelled to suffer the resident wretch any favors.”  Loki tries to sound angry but it just comes out broken and sad.
As it seemed to Phil, Loki had been. The guy taught kids for goodnes’s sake! He hadn't so much as gotten a parking ticket! Not that he was sure Loki knew how to drive...that was beside the point. The point was, Loki was not a threat anymore. Somehow, Nick hadn't received the memo.
Stark looked up from where he was drawing patterned with his fingertips over the soldiers chiseled chest. “Yeah, we leave those two down there very long and no telling was questionable bio-science they will get up to in my sexy lab space.”
Mallen grin viciously, “Liar, you won't kill me. You don't have the balls Stark. You're a company man, government whore. You're just like that flag waving idiot. You'll talk big and read me my rights, then SHIELD and its little bugs will take me to some far off lock up. But ya know what's gonna happen?” Mallen laughed to himself, eyes glowing with malice. “I'll get out. And when I do...I. Will. Kill! Everything you love! And make you watch!”
It was square and a little bigger than his hands, opening it up he found a baseball rested on a bed of orange rose petals. Steve looked into the kitchen to see the alpha looking altogether pleased with himself.
“I don't know what to do.” James’s words broke free in a in a shuttering exhale.  “ He hardly sleeps or eats, I'm scared to death to go home or even leave him alone. I keep seeing him laying there like he was before but...but gone. I can't lose anyone else. I'm losing my mind because I don't know how to I would ever cope without him.”
Tony frowned slightly, he knew better to ask Thor. The thunderer had a bad habit of frying coms within the first few lighting strikes. “Yeah do that.”
A song came to the billionaire’s mind, one he had sung hundreds of times since that night months ago.  “Peter and Wendy.”
“This is nice, babe.” James said walking into the modern kitchen, it had been so long since he'd seen Loki humming to himself while stirring a pot of hearty stew. It was some earth version of an Asgardian dish, chocked full of meats and vegetables. There something so beautifully domestic about the scene that it gladdened his heart. It felt like an age had passed since they had been like this, this cozy feeling as he saddled up to his mates back and gently wrapped his arms around the ravenettes slender waist. “Miss this.” He said punctuating his words with a kiss to the nobles elongated pallid neck.
Bruce eyes him skeptically, "Honey you don't mean that.....okay you do. Point is..a couple of hours. Think of it as practice?"
Just like that, she was breezing out of the workshop, the music volume raising and Tony just sat there listening. It felt like the universe was telling him what to do. Telling him what was right because he already knew it deep down.
Steve was happy to hear it was normal; however, it did bring up another point. “If I’m not bonded will I keep having them?”
Loki hated to admit it but he pounded back the rest of his glass before snatching up Bruce's. He would have let his glamour drop right there just to calm the fire in his mouth but that would have drawn more attention than the man was comfortable with.
The solider wasn’t listening and Tony could tell by the glassy look in the other man’s eyes. He knew because he knew how that felt. “J call out the correct date, send me mark 47 and mark 5 to come get this glass down now.”
“I’m not mad,” The inventor broke the silence, “Well I am but, I’m not … if that makes sense. Actually, none of this makes sense when you get right down to it. It’s an affront to science and reality that we live the way we do. I have a piece of machinery in my chest - given it is a beautiful and gloriously designed piece of machinery but still. I put on a suit of superior alloys and I fly around shooting things. That’s my life. I have a guy in my house who turned into rage-fueled monster with the complexion of celery. There’s a Alien or.. Norse god who the hell knows. Two super secrete spy friends, and a super soldier who the entire world thought was dead. We have saved the world and this city from freaky cult terrorists. Literally none of that should be a thing.”
A lie. The tell – a sharp short intake of breath after his initial answer. As if trying too hard to steady his words. Why would he lie? Had Loki been fired? That was doubtful because that wouldn't have been something he could hide, so he was laying out then – sick leave? Loki wasn't human so Natasha doubted very much he could suffer from the common cold. To her knowledge, Thor had never been ill.
Loki wanted to believe that, and seeing that crinkled little photo gave him a breath of hope. Kurt had not let not being able to have a child stop him from having a family.
“Give up, sparky. I hear they have good pudding in prison. Three hots and cot don't sound appealing to you?” Stark chuckled looking at the bleeding remnant of a man struggling to stand. “Stay down Mallen. You get up again and I'll put you down for good.”
The tower took on a domestic feel that Steve wasn’t used to, the closest he could compare it to was when he would go to Bucky's apartment as a kid, Between Bucky's mother and his three sisters it was no wonder why the beta was so protective. The Barnes house had always been a flurry of movement and sound- between the close quarters and thin walls it was a wonder anyone got rest. Mrs. Barnes rattling off things in Hungarian and usually wearing out Bucky's ear for how thin Steve was every time he came to visit.  The memory brought a bitter sweet smile to Steve’s face.
It was all a lot to take in, the idea of destroying Hydra completely. It would be wonderful but… “Tony can’t do that alone… no one can.”
Kurt smiled softly to himself but hesitated he did not want his joy to bring pain to his friend. “Ah, well you see...”
The two boys swam for their lives as the monster thrashed and burst out of the ship. It was massive and angry to have been woken up by the curious little mer.
Nothing in the first books was even remotely useful. The only medical text available seemed less like a study in anatomy as it did a zoological autopsy. Despite how disturbing it was to construe and face the full color diagrams of dissected Jotnar- it was however informative. The author had done an advanced field study before '
“Sure did,” She smiled and gestured to the case “These are pretty popular in Japan so I thought why not give the customers something new to try out. Whichever flavor is most popular we will keep on the menu. The green one is Green tea, that kind of reddish one is Azuki bean, the pale pink is Cherry Blossom. Wanna try one?”
Walking into the parlor Loki held his head high, doing his best to seem unbroken, despite how he felt to the contrary. “Good afternoon Charles. Might I offer you something to drink? Tea? Coffee? I believe Bruce left some sort of fancy juice.Kombucha I think.”
Barnes stilled, “I think its..alright. Takes a while doesn't it? What with background checks and everything else.”
Today however, there was no mission, training session, debrief, and thank any god that was listening – no dignitaries to baby-sit.
The freezing air did nothing to cool the thrill of fight singing through the Captains veins. All those months spent asleep left him wired and wanting. From all the stress and drama, he needed to hit something!
Doctor Banner nodded and tilted the pan up over the finished bowl of pasta. “I understand, sometimes the other guy is more perceptive than me and I get an...itching? Yeah I guess that's the best word for it. Anyway, it's like there's something I know but don't know, like walking into a room and forgetting what you came in there for. It bugs me to no end sometimes.”
Anything was possible; the omega welfare council probably published it. He should really look into that. There could be some sort of nefarious plots in the works there. Alternatively, maybe it was his sleep-addled brain just trying to make sense   of why he was awake at a time like this. Especially when tiny knees in the ribs or sty fingers on his eyelids were not waking them up.
Rogers dropped the spoon and turned off the stove top, “ Yeah, yeah I'm fine. I mean...I'm not fine I just...”
He kissed her cheek, “Yeah, but you will have a very special job just like Daddy, you will have to take good care of your mate. You’re my big brave girl aren’t you ?” he tickled her and made the little girl smile.
The more he thought about it the more his skin prickles. A sour taste gathers in the back of his throat, the kind that makes your tongue turn to fuzz and belly clench up. Really, thinking about it this wasn't the first time was it? He'd felt that tell-tale stab of pain throbbing behind his eyes every now and again. Always pushing it to the side, because they were ok, they were...right?
Always...so then why wasn't that happening this time? Why did he feel like they were headed for a cliff at night with no lights or breaks?
“Barnes, what's going on.” Tony was out of the nesting room and moving down to the penthouse bedroom. Still naked and wobbly from spending the last few backs in the 9x9 padded den with his omega. He clearly wasn't as young as he used to be (still in fighting form thank you!) First order of business would be a quick shower and pants...maybe coffee in the shower...(Focus Stark!)
Tony and those nicknames, there is something I want to share but its nothing he’s going to want to know. He’d go ballistic; probably blame me fore trying to trap him. He’s a rich guy after all and that’s what omegas do all the time with his type. It’s not like I popped holes in his rubbers or purposely forgot to take suppressants. I’d been frozen for over half a century, hell I didn’t think I’d go into heat. I didn’t even have them before because I was too sick. How was I supposed to know?
They weren't even sure just what they had at the time, if it was convenient or if it was more. Neither man wanted to jinx that fragile thing between them. Steve, with his dated thinking struggled with his feelings and even more with the idea of people knowing. It was Tony who blurted out "by the way, I love you." over pizza after a mission. Steve was quiet and just reached for the inventors hand under the table, he said nothing but the pressure of his touch spoke more.
“James Buchanan Barnes have been paying attention at all to our lives? We have Victor Von dick-face making killer toasters and shit, alien overlords, monsters, crazy androids, Nazis, and I'm pretty sure last month there was radioactive beanie babies. SHIELD NEVER HAS IT!”
A cold chill ran down his back considering how he might avoid such a fate. Alternatives and equations playing like a black and white reel in his minds eye. The phrase
All the while Bucky was fighting relentlessly to hold the ship steady as the perilous seas grew more and more violent and a destructive storm formed in the ominous sky above the shadowy ocean. He gazed out over the raging seas and spotted the small sea craft surface. “Blessed Mary and Joseph!” The man whooped and pumped his fist in the air.
The thunderer just seemed confused, to which Bruce proceeded to explain the barbarism of early psycho-surgery. The Asgardian found the tactics both disturbing and sad.
Stark smirked and leaned in kissing along the blonds neck, “I'm Tony Stark babe, do I ever do anything half way?” The answering rumble in the solders chest was enough to stoke the alphas ego. “I miss you baby, I want my omega back. Need you.”
“Howard Stark… All right dad, whatcha got for me... I’ll count this as repayment for all those bedtime stories you never told me.”
He does look, but looking doesn't make him feel better. This Tony seems younger, brighter, and sturdier. This man in front of him looks like the smiling photos in the dossier from SHIELD years ago. He wants to pull away because isn't this proof enough that he must be crazy? He doesn't want to though, he wants to sit in those chocolate eyes and feel these hands on his. “Tony...what happened. How are you here?”
Steve almost felt sorry for them, they were just young soldiers brought into this. They clearly respected Coulson and probably Fury to. They were just following orders. Still they were between him and getting out of here.
I answered a question and was more or less told off that if your writing isn't perfect it's not worth reading. And that it's not writing for yourself if it's published.
Maybe if the inventor had some sleepless nights this wouldn't have come as a shock. Maybe if he hadn't believed the lie he told to his son that morning when he said. "It's ok champ your pop will be back soon. He always comes back." Then this wouldn't ache the way it does now, it wouldn't dig and twist into his damaged heart and slowly ebb away the hope he had left in this world.
Steve spit a line of blood and struggled to his feet. “We can walk outta here Buck, we can fix you. Ya remember me, just think about it. I used to come to your ma’s house on Wednesday nights for dinner. Your sister Irene, she taught me how to sew so my ma wouldn’t have to keep mendin my clothes for me.”
Tony could hear Steve panting and watched the security feed as the omega curled up in the center of the bed, sheets and pillows wadded up against the headboard. Steve looked completely out of it -reaching blindly for a glass of water on the nightstand.
“Don’t act like your blameless in this Widow, how much blood is on your hands. If it wasn’t for me…”
In the beginning, she had not let her guard down around the former Winter Soldier. Natasha watched him, studied him because she had to be sure. This man was going to be near her family and she wasn't going to let a wolf in sheep's clothing fool her.
His lips parted to question through the haze but were met with slow trickle of cool water passing over his lips. It felt good, it chased after the too hot feeling like extinguishing a flame.
Tony stopped him with a kiss before muttering the rest of the words with tears streaming from the corners of his eyes, “ better be more careful.. because I never wanna break your heart.”
“This is the way I wanted to do it. As much as I trust Jarvis, we don't always have to do things at light speed ya know. It's good to take time for the little things like any other couple.”
Tony sat back with the open journal on his lap, it was clear…Howard had some sort of feelings for Steve, even if the old man never acted on them. God Tony hopes he never acted on them.  Why did that even bother him so much?
Steve thought it was weird when he was called up to the penthouse, but then maybe Tony was ready to talk about everything. Jarvis had said not to worry. So the captain was trying his level best not to on the ride up to the top floor.
A line had been drawn in the sand and Loki was frothing at the mouth to cross it. “ Yes silly me I should have know better than to hide anything from The Winter Soldier. Your quite good at sniffing out your preys weakness aren’t you ?”
His mission with Natasha was finally over after a week of watching the suspected terrorist cell. After all the days spent crammed in a van and skulking in alleyways, they got to spend the last night in a hotel while waiting for extraction in the morning. They had gotten a little Intel on the group and confirmed what SHIELD already knew. Apparently, the group was plotting a heist of some kind. Usually that was where they would step in, but apparently, whatever the group was going to steal was something SHIELD also had their eye on.
“He can’t hear you Captain, my dog is a loyal one.” Skull commented.  “Asset, immobilize the Captain and bring him to me.” He said, turning his back on the pair.
Tony was groggy but hearing their son’s pitiful cries and pleas, he managed to wake up wake up and rub the simpering child’s back. “Hey buddy no ones going anywhere.”
Ashamed of the things he had done and the lives lost at his hand and indirectly. It was not hard to tell by the icy glances that many here felt his life here now as just another shattered illusion. The overwhelming anxiety crept and crawled over his skin as Loki tried to calm his internal dialog which laughed along with every passing glimpse.
The alpha came closer with a dirty smirk forming on his lips, “Trust me doll, I ain’t no killjoy. In fact, if ya like I can give you something else to work with.”
“Of course I know, that's why I'm here. Barnes...we talked and he pointed out a lot of shit to me that I should have been able to figure out in the first place.”
That’s were they found Steve; he was one of the few people who bothered coming up here. He’d plug in an old radio he found in an antique shop and tune it to the sports cast, oldies, or public access library channel. Today was the later, as the two omegas heard a woman’s voice reading a passage from Emily Dickenson.
When Loki saw Kurt he didn't even get the words out to greet the man before he crossed the distance in a poof of black smoke and enveloped him in a tight hug.
Tony couldn't figure it out, why in the hell had  James stayed around him this long. Why anyone stayed around a self absorbed mess like him. With his problems, his addictions, his a difficult personality.
Of course, Steve was right, as much as many of them liked to think that if they could handle saving the world they could handle anything. The truth was- solving the problems of megalomaniac villains was a cakewalk in comparison to emotions. One thing remained true, when they went out into the field they had a team behind them, there was Intel and thousand hands in the background helping to bring your men home. If they wanted to help James and Loki, they would need to do it as a pack, a team , a family.
It's not like the internet was going to be anymore knowledgeable about his omega...or that he'd tried that already back on the shampoo isle.  Yeah...he didn't do that at all. He took it like a man and just smelled about 30 bottles until something seemed familiar.  Loki shouldn't have just written down “shampoo” if he had a preference.
“No..” The halting words escaped with cracking timber. “No, I... No.” Squeezing his dull eyes shut Loki tried so hard to will down the lump in his throat. The world suddenly felt too big and too cold, and his body felt too small. The awkward dichotomy making his skin crawl and heart race.
Bruce returned and thought over the Captain's words carefully, “Thor mentioned that to me not long ago, I told James to have Loki come in and see me if he just didn't trust Shields doctors. I know I'm not exactly that kind of doctor and he has been a little leery of me, but our options for that sort of thing are relatively low.”
The pair would have liked to bask in this blissful feeling a bit longer but that wasn't meant to be.
Steve looked back with an almost horrified expression. “My kids are not setting foot in Shield.” as if the organization that they both worked for...that all their friends worked for in some capacity- was going to go all baby snatcher the moment those little cherub faces stepped through the doors.
Pepper was able to cover the incident, having PR spin it as “The Captains’ distaste for the use of vulgar language.”  Casting Captain America as the face of all things wholesome and right wasn’t exactly difficult.
“Guard! Please help!” She called out theatrically, leaning heavily in one of the columned arches. She looked down at the tattered wrappings around the baby mer; she should have wrapped him in kelp… no matter. Amora had a tale to tell about this child and was sure that her performance would be enough.
Therefore, it wasn’t unfair to think this was more than heat sex for Tony. Maybe he should be grateful to even have that much with the alpha. Steve shook away the thought, his hormones were fluctuating still  and likely that was the cause of his over emotional musing.
The team looked between the two and thank god for Natasha who had the good sense to round up everyone and show them out before this 'discussion' turned too ugly. Steve and Tony were famous for their 'discussions' even before they were mated.
As some of you know I write for my anxiety and depression, well trying to make this perfect did nothing but make me a ball of anxiety. So it is a short chapter because I was so deeply unhappy I just wanted it to be over.
All this time, all this pain and all he had were memories and words that he couldn't take back.  He picked up a photo of Tony smiling, that self assured little grin. He loved that smile.  They had 5 happy years before everything went to hell. Maybe Steve should have seen it coming but he was to busy living in the past.
and he wasn‘t even sure if the old man really meant it. Maria…well, by the 80’s if she wasn’t in a Valium haze she was away at her functions and would only favor Tony with a sloppy lipstick smearing kiss and those big teary brown eyes when she told him she loved him. What did he know about being a parent? The only things he’d ever raised were just that - things, he had his inventions and the bots. Real living attachment was hard to maintain and what if he did something wrong? What if let their kid get hurt, or worse - what if Tony …No, he didn’t want to think about that because there was no way he would become that.
James Barnes fell to his knees as the skies opened above him, freezing rain pelting his skin. “We. Don't leave. A man..behind.” His grave voice broke as a strangled sob broke from his raw throat. Thinking about how Steve and carried his bloody carcass on his back when his arm got blasted off. Anyone else would have left him..but not Steve. Never Steve. “We'll find you brother. I swear I'll find ya.
“Hey Cap, why don’t you let someone wrap that up ok? We still need to figure out living situations so there’s no need to go on a walk about just yet.”  She said placing a hand in the middle of the man’s chest, looking to Steve’s bleeding hand where the IV had been.
The soldier woke up at his usual time, leaving the welcoming warmth and comfort of his bed to dress for the day. He looked over his shoulder as Tony snatched up his now vacant pillow and crushed his face into the fabric. It was oddly cute to watch the unconscious alpha fidget and breathe in deeply the scent he left on the pillow before settling back into a deep sleep. It was one of those little things that made Steve feel truly wanted.
Steve didn’t want to believe that Tony was broken, but he could see the frayed edges in the way the inventor kept his eyes away from the rest of the team. That familiar shame that he remembered when he first brought Bucky home. Steve could only hope that he could turn this around for Tony. “I won’t give up on him. I can’t.”
“He’s coming back to the Tower with me. You all are, Tasha, bird boy... hell even Agent can tag along.”
“That is true, however, the process is a bit more forgiving for mutant children.” Loki spoke in a matter of fact way.
Natasha rolled her shoulders, “You won’t say no to me when I say we have a job. Now, everyone wash up we need to see a man about some monsters.”
I once played with the power my life afforded me. I skipped through your pitiful world with little care to guise i showed myself in. Little concern for the mischief i left in my wake.
Tony sat in his workshop, staring coldly at the half-empty bottle of bourbon next to his wedding photo. He tilted the frame back and forth, the gleam of the overhead lights whiting out the faces behind the glass.
“Tony...Tony I have to...” The words were lost in keening little whine. Damn Alpha throwing those heavy 'stay' pheromones. Tony didn't do it often but when he did, it was enough to floor Steve like an elephant dart.
Black suits, black shoes, black umbrellas, and a black casket. That is what funerals were supposed to look like. Yet somehow it was all Tony could fixate on, Steve didn’t wear much black. Come to think of it, Tony was sure all Steve had in the shadowy shade was that one nice suit and a black sweater Pepper purchased for him last Christmas.
“Bruce!” Tony called stepping off the elevator, hair wild from sleep and still in his underwear. Though in retrospect Bruce did not look much better in a pair of pajama pants and a dr. who shirt.
This would have silenced the room if it hadn’t been for Tony choking on a meatball when Steve used the word ‘mounting’ in a sentence cause now that mental image wouldn’t go away.  Pepper managed to clap her hand on her boss’s back a few times and get the edible going down the right pipe.
“I think that’s the exact opposite of what Stark wanted. “Sam points out from his cramped seat in the back of the sub.
The former director stood firm, his visible eye hard with resolve. “I made a call Captain, isn’t that what you do?” He said with a tilt of his head.
The screams started then, the cursing, the crying as the armor stepped into the exposed opening. Beck was on the floor staring dazed, covering his ears from the blast. There was a woman crawling away through the door, her legs were bloody through her ripped fishnet stockings. A hooker maybe, wasn’t that charming.
Steve didn’t need his protection anymore.  Bucky hadn’t been sure how to deal with that. Maybe selfishly…if he admitted it to himself, there were times in the night that he would wish Erskine would have chosen him instead. If he had become a hero and Steve would have stayed at home.  That those sweet blue eyes would still look at him and ask for help.
He was not broken until he realized that a man he had looked up to since he was a child orchestrated all this. The man he called Uncle, Obie was just a power hungry man with a black evil heart.
AN: Ok, I kicked around tons of AU ideas and storylines and it seemed like nothing was working. That was until I stumbled upon the song - Rise up-by Andra Day, now if you haven't see the inspirational video for this song I highly recommend it.
“Hey..” the soft word fell from Stark's lips as there hands fell part, only to have a work worn dust hand reach up and gently touch the blonds cheek. “Steve…I …”
Power, perfection, strength - these were the qualities of a worthy mate. Qualities of a prince of Asgard; the kingdom of the sea; home of the sirens.
For now though, all that was on his mind was heading home and holding his omega in a warm bed. Putting all this ugliness behind him if even for a night.
“It does, we aren’t there yet. Maybe if you took time to look over the mission briefs instead of going off your own information then you would know that. The Kroyak base is the end game Stark, one we aren’t ready to play yet.”
His vision fogged as he felt arms gently wrapping around him, wrenching him through the water that suddenly felt hot and oppressive. “Darc...”
Loki rolled his eyes, “I assure you Jor has a finer pallet than that. You may take the child to the healers if he is unsoothable.”
That was another key reason he wanted to help Loki. He knew better than most what it was like to be your own worst enemy. Even before the accident he hadn't been the happiest of people. Bruce had been shy at best and a shut in at worst. It was just hard to relate to people when you had an IQ that was off the charts and your hobbies included nuclear biology and trying to avoid talking about your childhood PTSD.
Blue eyes crinkled pleasantly at him in the mirror. “Bruce says it's too early to tell, a few more weeks at least.” It wasn't hard to see how much Steve wanted this, but also how alone he was feeling.
When they located the Vengeful armor, Steve didn’t need any more time. In this case, he’d take a page from his husband’s playbook and just dive in.
At first, he tossed the folder to the bed and paced back and forth considering Rockwell’s words. “Steve’s my friend…I would be invading his privacy. Although it’s not like I went looking for it, it fell in my lap.” The billionaire glared at the closed document once more before tugging off his sweatshirt and flopping onto the twin bed, snatching the document and quickly sliding the paperwork from the envelope.
Stark looked up and then away, biting his lip in uncertainty. “Steve and I... before we adopted Peter… we tried ya know.”
“Captain Rogers, are you well? My sensors have indicated a fluctuation in your vital signs….Captain Rogers?”
Must love pack meetings, not right now though thank you, he still had 37 more Tony Time mins. Then and only then would he be prepared to handle whatever else was required of him. If it weren’t too pressing,  he would try to get in some little Tony time with Steve. He had missed those glorious serum infused buns.
James didn't have to be the friend Steve remembered. He wasn't Bucky anymore; he hasn't been for a long time. Even though he's not the winter solider either - he can never get the memory of both parts of himself to leave completely. So in the end he's someone new.
“Truly? You seem the most enlighten man I have met.” Loki said brewing himself a cup of tea. “I often forget you are younger than myself.”
“Still?” Thor had known before leaving Loki was having some troubles but his brother had always bounced back. Surely Loki would have been better by now. “Is he ill? If he is ailing then James should have contacted Asgard, Lady Eir would have come to tend to him without question. Or rather Mother would have.”
"Nope..no taking this now." Bruce slid the plate away and called the serer over to ask for a glass of milk. "Just hang in there I promise this will help. Just drink your water ok?"
“Steven…what the hell J? You two on a first name basis, having little pow wows when I’m not around? Look I need to get up there now and there is one of two ways it’s going to happen. One I take the elevator like a normal person, or two I put on the suit tear open these doors and fly up the elevator shaft.”  The alpha growled at the digital panel next to the lift.
His omega was leaning against the sink in the master bath, looking a little paler than usual. A distant voice wanted to point out how weak and pathetic this was, how could this be called 'Americas' first avenger'. Thankfully Tony trampled that down quickly. This was Steve not just anyone he could dismiss.
A creeping sense of inadequacy washed over Tony; there was nothing he could do to fix any of this. Add to that, clearly, whatever the serum had failed to do to turn an omega into- it had worked on a beta. All testing confirmed that Barnes was an alpha - with such elevated testosterone and adrenal levels it was as if the Asset was activated into a constant state of aggression verging on rut.  He reeked of power and strength.  Even the medically suppressed omega on what was left of shields staff couldn’t be around Barnes.  Even Coulson with his will power of steel quietly excused himself.  That seemed to put a bur in the saddle of quite a few of the alphas - Tony included.
“Babe…you ok in there?” Tony stood outside the bathroom door, his nerves had been on edge since noticing Steve had gotten up from the bed over an hour ago and disappeared. Normally, he would not have even registered the movement as when Tony did sleep - he slept like the dead, but since his omega had been suffering from Braxton Hicks for the last few weeks - he had Jarvis on notice to wake him up anytime Steve seemed to be in distress.
“I do not reside within the walls of your precious tower now do I?” his remark lacking the amount of fire he would have liked to levy behind it.
It was that longing to protect his child that lead Howard father out to sea, the sailors map committed to memory as he watched the ships gauges and looked up to the stars to chart his pathway. There was a small chain of islands surrounded my jutting stones of lava rock. The dangerous pillions that could sink a vessel this size lay somewhere in the darkness. Intellectually, the inventor knew he should slow the engines of the craft but in the back of his mind, he thought only of what precious little time his son may have left.
It wasn't a bad sort of feeling. He and Loki had discussed the later not shielding so much from their bond. Slowly but surely Loki had begun to rely more on his alpha.
The next morning the gossip rags and internet feed were a buzz, “The return of Iron man?” “Has the Avenger come back for revenge?”
Explaining the extend of the nanotech wasn't difficult. It was all technical and Tony had to do it quickly, telling himself it was someone else he was talking about. As if he was walking around in another persons body who had been rewired from the inside out. The percentage of what was him and what was tech – he had no idea. At least a good enough portion of his mind was still his, maybe because he'd been so damn hardheaded his whole life. Maybe because the most valuable thing about Tony Stark was his mind. At this Steve Scoffed and reminded him that that was not the case. At least not in his eyes.
Tony was doing a quick fly over looking for any stray bots, he found their design laughable. The wiring and construction had been ‘post-modern erector set’ in his words. Still it was a good work-out, he had been bored doing the Stark phone updates all morning anyway. It was also an excuse to try out a few new upgrades to the suit by using the failing androids for target practice.
Steve could have easily resisted, he probably should have if he hoped to be dressed and promptly out of the door, he didn't though. He let his anti- morning husband tug him back down into a nest of warm sheets that still smelled heady with the activities from the previous night. Letting Tony have his way was easier sometimes, and maybe...just maybe a tiny bit of the omegas hindbrain liked that his mate wanted to keep him in bed. Considering the conversation, they had the night before there was a high probability they would be spending a lot more time in the bed or nesting room anyway.
The billionaire blinked and shook his head, he struggled to sit up when a pair of hands slid under his arms and hefted him up causing the world to spin. He staggered a bit and reflexively placed a hand on the reactor, it was there still glowing and humming away under his shirt.  The strong hands that lifted him up. Steve, it must be.
Kurt spoke with a lively tempo, tail swishing to-and-fro as they sat on the grass watching the younger children play. Loki had managed to catch about every other word and nod accordingly while picking at the egg salad sandwich the other man had forced upon him. It's not that he didn't enjoy the company it's just that he wasn't used to engaging much just for social reasons. Loki wasn't one to do anything that didn't have a purpose. Truly, his alpha was one of the few people he had lengthy conversations with, and lately – James had little to say to him.
“Would ya stop starin?” Bucky snapped looking over at Steve who was none to covertly glancing at the loose sleeve that once held his friends arm. “It’s not gonna grow back feedin off your self-loathing idiot.”
Banner shook his head and smiled. "I'll go pay the check and we can head home. Maybe have some ice cream and watch a movie?"
Coming back to the bed room looking a little less like a kicked puppy and slightly more like a child hopeful for getting away without a spanking, Tony lingered in the door way. “Hey honey.”
James turned away from the tender moment, his head ringing with the last argument he'd had with his own omega.  So many words he wanted to take back right now, because in his heart of hearts when James closed his eyes he couldn't help but see curious green eyes and sly smiles. His heart could paint the picture from memory and guide his unskilled hands even if he should go blind.
Everyone in the town thought Howard had lost his mind. That his son had died in the night and in a fit of madness and distress, Howard had taken the boy’s body out to sea and perhaps dropped the baby’s corpse over board. In their little sea side town burial at sea was common. Maria had been lowered into the waves not a few days before. It was possible that Howard could not handle another loss and that was where the story of Tony being captured by a siren had come from. Maybe it was just easier...just kinder than the truth.
He nodded to the frazzled alpha and held up a medic bag, “I grabbed everything we discussed, was just waiting for you. Jarvis briefed me on Steve’s stats; I have to say I am a little concerned with his body temperature and possible dehydration. We’ll cross that bridge though after he agrees to proceed.”
Gideon’s guards moved forward but halted at a raised hand from their master. The old man laughed, bending to pick up the package. “Feisty little thing. Run home boy, and here’s a little reward.” The man said flipping a gold coin at Steve’s feet.
“Schmitt” Rogers hissed, sliding his back up the wall as his former friend closed in. “Bucky’s not part of this! This is between me and you!”
He knew what it was the second he hit the door, a cloying scent turning sour. Loki's heat was early. “Doll, I'm here ok…I'm here.”
AN: Sorry its been a while, I have some personal issues that made it difficult for me to return to this story. However, I’ve decided to continue for me, for the story that I have to tell, and for those of you who actually have been kind.
This isn't what Nick wanted to hear, complications left room for error. The unknown was more dangerous than any weapon. Unknown got people killed. He tosses the folder onto the meeting table, photos and files spilling across the glass top.
Hawkeye barely shifted a glance to his teammate landing on the rooftop. “Didn’t expect you to stop in. Visiting hours isn’t for a while though so unless you brought me a snack you’re not helpful.”
James had led him out speaking softly  but  Steve had heard the broken sobs before the pair made it to the elevator. Everyday it's a bit worse and he understands what Tony is hinting at but doesn't want to think Loki would do the unthinkable. However, sometimes even the strongest – proudest of people break. Steve had seen it happen when he'd visit the veterans centers where Sam volunteered. Men an women who had gone to war for their countries and given everything they had...only to come home and find that the world they left wasn't nearly as ready to welcome them home.
“Objectives change in the field.” Phil says, just as calm as you please,  taking a folder from one of his team.
“No worries, I can get my merry badge now for ‘helping the elderly’.” Tony jested flipping up the toilet lid before stepping out of the way. “Seriously though, don’t worry about it Steve. I wasn’t so hot when I first came home from Afghanistan, god knows between Rhodey and Happy I got used to group bathroom breaks.”
Tony instinctively tried to follow, he was however stopped by Pepper and Phil, the only other omega  seemed to think they were far better suited. “Let me,” Pepper said, more of a command than a suggestion.
Thor hesitated and looked away from the pair, “I…thank you for your offer Anthony, however, the mate James has found…is Loki.”
“No. no it isn't'” Hank agreed, considering his own external appearance he'd had his fair share of hate. “I would have to agree with Bruce. The mental instability and emotional turmoil may be what is acting as a natural contraceptive. Despite Loki going into heat more frequently that what a human omega would – which could be due to hormonal fluctuation or the social environment it self. His system is confused because it's receiving two different signals.”
“Trust me I will.” Steve left the infirmary feeling light. For all they had gone through these passing months this something they could celebrate and put the sadness behind them. The captain entered the comman room to the sounds of children laughing and friends chatting, it was music to his ears. He hoped and prayed that everyone he cared for would soon find peace.
Even so, Tony wasn't going to begrudge Steve's curiosity.  Having the twins had been stressful and there was always that ounce of anxiety in the back of both of their minds until they held them in their arms. This time is was going to be different- planed, maybe a little too planed as far as Tony was concerned. Steve had already gone to the liberty of getting Tony all sorts of weird Alpha vitamins and protein drinks.  The later almost as bad as those awful green things he drank when he was dying of palladium. Almost.
It took months of planning and observation with a small team, even Coulson did not know. For all purposes, in 24 hours Captain America was going to be dead.
There was no reason at all to come out of the warm shelter of infinite softness also known as a bed until a grossly indulgent hour. Preferably, one no earlier than noon. Except there was something not quite kosher and there really shouldn't be because this was his day off damn it. Yet there it was an ever persistent tugging at his synapses that said something was amiss in his safe little universe exclusive to these four walls.
“Tony it’s not just about being convincing. Look, last time - well we weren’t exactly ready. I wouldn’t change our lives now for the world because I love those kids and I know you do too; but I really want this. Not just for me but for us.” Steve reached out and took his alphas hands. “I want us to do this together.”
Such a close blast should have reduced Mallen to a heap, what it did was take off the monsters arm and had the former anarchist turning with an almost serene look on his mangled face.
“Ja, it has come up. Unfortunately, my biology is very different due to my mutation.” Kurt said softly, his pointed tail wrapping around to rest in his lap. “I was once very troubled knowing that I would never carry a child. Then I realized that all of the children here I love so much, they have in a way become my family. Perhaps one day there will even be a child who comes here with no family and there will be something about them and I will know in my heart, that that child will need me as much as I need them.”
The last three days felt like a blur, okay maybe it was more like one of those cliche 80's sitcom montages. Or at least that's how it felt to Bruce after spending the last 72 hours ( give or take, they had naps and potty breaks thank you, they were not heathens like Tony) reading over tomes from Asgard. Comparing them to the few scans they had of Loki's anatomy and what Bruce had gleaned from the few exams the off world Omega had allowed. Bruce hadn't studied this hard since grad school, in a way the nostalgia of the situation almost made the Beta smile.
Steve shook his head and held out his wrists. “Can you do anything about this? I don’t know what it’s made of but I can’t get out of it.”
Tony couldn’t help but watch the way the city lights cast a laminating glow in the omegas stormy blue eyes. It made them brighter…older in a way. The shadows and light playing on the other mans face only highlighted his features, sowing the soft lines around his eyes that usually went unnoticed. The slight thickness to the upper bridge of his nose, the fullness of his lips, but the eyes…it always comes back to those eyes.
Still, there are some that seem to desire the things that others fear, they cultivate it and use it – then.. then we ask ourselves if perception is only one layer to the universe? What if, there is True Evil in this world? Where will you stand?
The nation was going to raise their stars and bars, wailing tears from every front porch across the heartland. It would take a week tops for every fading musical artists to put out tributes and every street artist out there to cover blocks and train cars with the chiseled visage of Steven Grant Rogers.
Far from the joy, there was nothing but hate and malice. The vengeance of a mind gone mad. “Precious king of Asgard, the golden son who shuns me…me and my power and my control. Who is she but an empty-headed child, you toss me to the side for a slight against that foolish unworthy bastard you call brother… I will make you pay. I will make you all pay” Amora grit her teeth and stared into the glowing stone in her palms that reflected a view of the kingdom that shunned her so many years ago. She watches and curses every smile on their faces, every happy word that falls from their lips.
“Father! Stay back!” Thor shouted as a pillar crashed between them. Narrowly missing the old king as it crashed and crumbled.
Steve woke with a start, his hands flying to the bedside table and switching on the light. He sat up and saw …nothing, he was a little sweaty but other wise just as he had been upon going to sleep. The twins jostled and kicked unhappily at their omega’s discomfort.
Tony didn’t blame him for that either, Stark had grown up when the ‘therapy craze’ was starting to kick off. In his late teens, Tony had spent a lot of time going from one head shrink to another and none of the experiences was good ones. He supposes now maybe one of two had helped, others just tended to whip out a prescription pad and call it a day. Handing more drugs to a teenager who did cocaine on the regular wasn’t exactly smart.
Bruce sighed wearily and stepped farther into the room. Noticing the minute tilt of the ravens head as Loki attempted to track his movements. " Thor is pretty worried about you." What he didn't say was they all were. After what happened...how they barely escaped with their lives. In part mostly to Tony, Loki, and Dr. Strange. They all managed to make it out of what could have been the end of the world. They all paid a hefty price. Loki, one of the highest.
“I said back the fuck up Robocop!” Tony growled, when he had stepped in seeing Steve laying bound on his side with the Winter soldier damn near caressing his face… Well, the alpha wasn’t fun of others touching his stuff.
“Someone forgot Budapest…” Natasha commented with a smile, her comment sending little snickers through both Sam and Bucky and earned her a glare from the good captain,
By the time Tony was able to pull away he was breathless and nearly trembling. "Shit, ya know I was trying to draw this out but...you're killing me here babe."
Loki leaned into the embrace all but falling against his alpha, he should be honest he knew that. “Not …entirely.” Such a small admittance felt like breaking a chain around his neck. Maybe he couldn't say the words now but perhaps he could have this.
Perception could start or finish wars; it could bring people together or tear them apart. It was all in how you spin it.
“Really creepy?” Sam finished pointing to the ornate fixtures and strange devices held in glass display cases. “It’s like a war museum, everything that’s been developed in the last 20 years”
"The cold never bothered me anyway!!!"  As Loki finished the last line the sound of laughing and clapping filled the room, little screens lighting up on the bedroom wall showing Tony red faced and laughing so hard he might die. Natasha giggling over her coffee and Clint holding up a sign that said 9.5.
Tony rolled his eyes throwing his hands up in exasperation, “The sass I get! You break daddy’s heart J-kins.”
Bruce fished in his bag for a hormone testing kit. “Ok Steve I need you to open your mouth for me. I promise it will be over soon, just a little swab.”
“You’re doing very well Steve, if you’d like to move to the nesting room now would be a good time.”  The doctor said.
Steve spilled the beans about what had been going on quietly between himself and Tony. How at first it wasn't serious and then...then it started to be. They. Hadn't told anyone because Steve had been worried about press. Tony didn't care either way and been sweet enough to take it slow. Then the accords happened and bit by  bit things between them just tore apart.
Steve rushed to the bow of the ship and look out over the swiftly raging sea, sparks of light that reminded him of the auroras in the northern sky, lit the water in flashes of viridian and magenta. The Captain griped the ship railings and squinted his eyes against the pelting rain and wind. If there was something out there, something likes magic or faith, it was in this place. Part of him thrilled in that knowledge and yet another part trembled with fear.
“Just ask its fine. I know it's been a while that we've been together and a lot of couples don't wait more than a year if that.”
Every muscle on the omegas frame seemed to tight, ready to spring at any moment and that really needed to stop because Tony could smell the sour unease coming of his skin. Just thinking about it now Steve’s scent lately should have really clued him in, it had been much more noticeable than it usually was.
She rolled her eyes in response as they stopped in front of a room. The door had an electronic lock, so not a typical patient room, maybe a containment room. Tony wondered as she reached past him, nimble fingers punching in a code.  “Don’t annoy him with your winning personality if he wakes up.” She warned.
Barnes started to pocket the phone but thought better of it. Instead he cracked open the back, crushed the battery and sim card before chucking what left.
Steve looked down before taking the box in his hands, “You went to all this trouble for me?” he said looking at the pure white of the rose, Steve vaguely remembered his mother saying that when an Alpha gave you white flowers it meant they were staking there claim to court. If you accepted then it meant you felt them ‘worthy’.  It was an old custom, yet it warmed his heart to know that Tony thought of it.
Natasha threw him a wink and shifted her eyes to were Tony had planted himself at Steve’s right, despite the fact that there were several other empty seats.
A large warm hand fell on the inventors shoulder, followed by a broad chest molding to his back. “You won’t ruin this.”
"The blood of traitors boiled into wine?"  Loki mused flopping back on the sofa in a sprawl of long limbs.
Tony just glared and left the mansion. He did tell Peter before he left that he was angry at him just the situation.
Phil reached over and placed a hand on the captains shoulder, “I know where you’re coming from, I waited a long time because I grew up in a strict family. I had those same ideals and to be honest I was alright with that. My mother had a fit when I told her not only was I seeing a younger alpha but one who was divorced with several young pups. I knew what was right for me and that sometimes the values you have can change with understanding.”
So maybe he did lean in a bit more and backed off on his own cologne. No one needed to know about that part.
Howard stark did not just want one siren caught, he wanted the entire race killed. Stark had created a monolithic bomb called ‘the Jericho’ that was to be sunken into the dark pool and detonated, should they find sirens of Mer congregated in the location.
Barnes seemed to consider this unbuttoning the dress further. “Oh is see, my little girl is being dirty for me. These pretty panties on, you’re a dirty girl aren’t ya Stevie.”
“Steve you’re so sweet! Thank you; oh are those apple turn overs?” Pepper smiled playing with Peter’s hair.
“That’s it, now sit down.” Tony said tugging over a rolling chair with his food and nodding to it. He waited until the omega sat down and ran his fingers slowly through Steve’s scalp and over his shoulders. “Ok, arms up sunshine.”
Tony  wasn't going to backhand a poor pup or an omega if they broke some unspoken rule. His list was short, simple and violators didn't get much worse than an over exaggerated sigh.
“You gunna make me Stark?”  Steve challenged, blood dripping from his hand where the IV had been placed.
“Cheeky little shit..,” Tony said getting a bit of revenge by reaching around and stroking Steve’s flagging arousal making the omega moan weakly.
The screen lit up showing Loki’s bedroom, music swirling through the air. It was clear Loki had done some…alterations to his floor - of the magic variety. The room didn’t even look like a room anymore.
Loki knew she didn’t want it, didn’t care at all and perhaps found the idea of his affection disgusting. He could tell by how she plucked the necklace from his fingers as if it was something deadly. Eyeing it at arm’s length when she told him how beautiful it was. Nothing was going to change.
She turned and for an instance a scowl sat her feature, quickly it was masked with a joyful grin. Loki felt his heart sink just a bit. Her smiles were never really for him. “Loki, how lovely to see you Darling.”
The universe is not a consummate place; Loki understood that more than anyone. No, he knew that the world was filled to the brim with pitfalls and thorns. A deceptive yet beautiful garden, on its surface a glowing haven for the weary. Sweet winds calling you down its paths with whispers of jasmine and promises of respite. Only when you were surrounded by its cloying liar’s canopy, did the charm turn to rust and vines crawl out like hungry snakes, wrapping around your limbs and dragging you to your death.
“Chew first, and he’s fine. Still Barton, not much can be done for it. Aside from that a few stitches and a mild concussion. Phil and the kids will have a nice time fawning over him. Any word on Steve?” She said, picking out a bright pink frosting colored one for her.
Next came the check up with all the basics. Blood pressure reading, (slightly elevated and subsequently blamed on a certain manic mechanic and his inappropriate shenanigans), weigh-in and measurements to get an idea of where they were starting.
“If you get me to him now maybe, I want to believe it’s not too late. I want to believe my husband is still there, that what he feels for our family and me will be enough. But if you don’t if this continues then no, and I will not kill him, I can’t and I won’t.” Steve’s eyes glistened, the thought had crossed his mind that if he couldn’t stop Tony, if he was too far-gone.
Bucky smiled and pushed the now open dress back and over Steve’s shoulders, “yeah, but you’re mine. I love you baby, I love how dirty you are for me, how wet you get for me. Is your pussy getting wet for me right now? I bet it is.”
Maybe it was a little selfish to want to help Loki in a way that no one had ever worked that hard for him.
Tony Stark became even more the man his father was the day  he stood on that platform outside Stark Tower and suited up in the Mark IV  for the first time, the culmination of all his work to perfect the suit. He was a man who did not need anyone but the machines he created. A man who was going to show everyone that he could save the world in his own way. His father had done it by arming the military, by being Americas most loved mass-murderer. Howard lived on the philosophy of being the man who created the ‘bigger stick’.
He wasn’t getting any rest though, between his back and legs there was a more sinister element keeping him awake at night.
“There. It something however that you must know, the reason that the sergeant is hesitant to return. He has found a mate on Asgard.”
It would be ok, this was ok, and he told himself feeling his body sinking into the cushions. He was so tired, so very tired with all of this.
Steve sniffed and wiped at his mouth, he was not going to cry damn it. “Yeah well, that jerk better come home then so he can see his little nieces or nephews.”
“Oh god no…” Tony groaned and clung to Steve theatrically, “No mini agents, I know he’s already got Nathaniel watching supper nanny so we are doomed. Can you imagine? You probably already have the next generation of Captain America fan club getting ready to stare at you with googly eyes.”
Bruce had to…excuse himself because the other guy. Well, hulk wanted to smash in a whole other kind of sense.
Amora was pleased with the swaddled child’s silence as she entered the castle; after all, she had to play the part of blessed mother.
The room was quiet and warm, everything it should be between two hearts. Steve sighed pleasantly into the pillows as his alphas skilled hands kneaded at his back and shoulders. Coming down from a heat was easier this time around, he felt good and secure, nothing like he'd always feared growing up. Tony had been so good, so attentive, it was nice to have someone take care of you for a change. It had taken Steve a while to learn he could lower his walls and let himself be vulnerable. There was a special kind of bliss in letting the tension leak from his limbs and just be. No shield no strength just feeling. Tony always took such good care of him, he was never condescending or crass, if anything – his alpha was almost worshipful with the constant stream of praise pouring from the mans lips.
The Furulve let out an annoyed snort prowling out of the sitting room, flicking her barbed tail at one of the pillows in retaliation. Loki scowled at the tantrum and the fact that now there were down feathers scattered on the floor. Waving his hand the mess cleaned it self and the pillow vanished to the laundry room to be mended later. James wouldn't be happy about that, Duchess would definitely find herself on the wrong end of a lecture and likely loose one of her prized play things for behaving so poorly.
The ultrasound itself went smoothly, the baby was in good health and right on track. Being the first ultrasound there was not much to see. Bruce also conducted an NT test along with the other measurements just to make sure there wasn't any underline issues.
“How’s things over at Camp X-brats, you guys do macaroni art and roast marshmallows with your eyes?”
“I was just thinking, Peter and Wendy will be starting per-school soon, then kindergarten so they won’t be as much of a handful at least for most of the day. In addition, the team has grown a lot in the last few years. We hardly ever get called out on joint missions any more, I haven’t had an assignment in a few months actually.”
“Look at you.” The alpha purred, sitting back on his feet as he caressed his mates blushing thighs. He loved that about Steve, he was so pale that he seemed to blush everywhere. Silk creamy flesh adorned with blotches of red, it was a feast for the eyes. “This is just a preview sugar, just wait till I get you on your knees all wet and dripping for me.” He said taking the bottle and dripping a cool slick line over the Omega’s primary and secondary sex. “Won’t even need this, you’ll be all hot and ready for me won’t you?”
and it would be like those sitcoms where the dad cheers and passes out cigars and then they would go home and sleep in twin beds before saying goodnight to everyone in tower and of course they would say it back.
Not that Steve wasn't an absolute treat when he got all blushy and horny, because – God bless America!  Tony wasn't complaining about that part a bit, it was since they had decided to try for a baby that Steve had started doing awful things like reading Web MD.
“Piotr is fiercely protective.” The professor says thoughtfully. “How have things been over here Anthony?”
Tony’s words hung there in the silence until Pepper spoke softly, “What about Peter, don’t you care at all what happens to him?”
They planned it. The third heat after they bonded, they would start trying. No charms or chemical prevention just let things happen or not. It didn't at first, and that was ok. They didn't stress it and hadn't told anyone. A year later, they hadn't even thought about all the times in between that there had been no fruit from their efforts. It was what it was.
Stark's left arm flared gold and armor formed over the joints like liquid. This wasn't like any tech he'd seen before. He'd heard through some Intel that Stark had been exposed to something on that last mission, Romanov had assured him that it was all under control- clearly she was compromised if that's what she believed. “I see.. well, just remember Stark, I'm not the enemy. You need to remember who's been saving the planet.”
Steve narrowed blue unamused eyes on the alpha, “No Tony, this is an optical illusion I’m not here at all. I’m on a mission punching robot Hitler in the nose.”
The blond almost felt guilty for the sudden blush filling his cheeks watching Stark's new strength, vitality, not to mention Tony looked at least 10 years younger. Steve was ashamed that he nearly swooned the first time Tony successfully pinned him to the bed. Knowing right then he'd essentially have to put in concerted effort to free himself did something to the omega.
Like it made it better to call it 'normal', like it made it fair. All he could think of was how he wasn't prepared, how could he ever become used to this? There were times that he wondered dully if lies would be far better. Sure, there wasn't any of that fancy ' closer' she liked to tell him about.
It had been a sight when one day in particular, Steve broke a reporters camera outside of the tower, when the rather forceful paparazzo shouted some lewd phrases at Tony referring to the mans past sexual exploits.
The team touched down on a field inside central park and the battle began. As usual, the Captain took point directing each of the avengers to where they were most needed. This was his first time out in the field as a group since telling everyone about his nature. Part of Steve expected reluctance from the alphas yet was pleasantly surprised when he wasn’t met with any.
“They haven't noted the changes that we have. I get that and that being said – I know everyone will be on their best behavior. The director intentionally included.”He stated looking very self-satisfied.
Darcy fell into a fit of giggles. "No ya dingbat. Call her up and ask her out. Like..netflix and chill or a movie if you're wholesome."
Steve had been in the Tower before, but with Tony, things were always chaos. Much like the tech around him forever updating and becoming obsolete, Stark loved to add and alter things in his home. Considering his last visit, it was clear Stark had been a busy bee. Everything had been streamlined and there was even more security measures. On the upside, the later did make him feel better. Stark wasn’t taking any chances, and who could blame him – Steve had found out about the Mandarin and Tony’s temporary demise while he was out on a mission. He had been so angry that he found out after the fact, paired with everything else that was going on and then…Fury, Bucky. Hydra. He was still reeling.
Barnes steeped forward and gently unfolded the omega's arms to get at the mans hands. “Callus, nah never you doll, little prickly at times but not callus. I'm glad you're here ya know. Couldn't leave without giving my best guy a kiss good bye, now could I?”
This new suit looked more like the old Mark versions. There was some talk about incorporating some research Tony had from a Dr. Maya - it was called Extremis, Steve didn‘t know a lot about it, but he trusted Tony. The inventor said that the tech was still a few years ahead before he did anything with it, if ever. He did not elaborate.
Tony cleared his throat for a moment then leaned forward in his chair wondering how it was that he got elected to lead this little ' come to Jesus meeting' “Look Buck, This whole situation...has frankly gone done the crapper for the last month nearly. For you..Probably a bit longer.”
Barton lifted his hands, “Cap its totally cool, I’m not some ass that gets down on two Alphas knockin boots. I mean I’d suggest extra a real good  lube though cause you’re a huge guy.. Wouldn’t want to break Mr. Money bags over there.”
“She’s alright, I last saw her leave with my other sons when Anthony fell ill just before all of this. I’m sure that Balder and Loki have the young ones in hand and will get them to safety”
From there things seemed to slow down, and for the first time in a long time Steve actually had time to just breath
A lot of maybes that didn't add up to anything when he was broken out and on a plane to Wakanda. So did the only thing he knew to do. He called home.
“Well, looks like Stupid finally decided to came back.” he started to get up but the alpha motioned for him to stay seated.
“Better, I think Alicia is working reception today. She's a good kid, big fan of yours so if she blushes don't be to mean okay? I mean it shouldn't be to bad as when she met Steve, thought she was gonna pass out.”
The only public tear Tony shed was at the graveside, during the 21-gun salute.  A single droplet reveling itself from under his dark frames.
"I am silent because it is quiet obvious that my feelings mean nothing to you. Moreover, there is a child mere meters away and you know my feelings on quarreling before small ears." Loki crossed his arms over his belly.  He was not happy about this in the slightest, today was his day to relax not watch the Stark-Rogers spawn.  It wasn't that he didn't like Peter, truthfully he did, he just didn't interact with the child much.
“So why not let the secret die with you, better yet why not just warn Steve... or hell, you could have gotten on Fury’s radar, why come to me with something that supposedly this important? I‘m sure you know I‘m not exactly the poster boy for nondisclosure. I mean I did tell the entire world that I‘m a super hero and most like to play that a little closer to the vest, what with secrete lairs and solitude. ” Tony clenched the still closed envelope.
“It's Phil, come on you know only Tony calls me that.” Coulson tried keeping his banter conversational and realized in an instance that this Loki isn't the one from those years ago. Intellectually he had known that, but something about seeing him so open and vulnerable drove that point home.
Barnes hummed and moved around a tight corner with his back to the wall. The way was clear, looking up the soldier spotted an opening in the grates above, leaping up pulling himself up onto a catwalk that meandered around the main operation floor. It was the perfect vantage point for the coming and goings. In a perfect scenario, Mallen would come out and James could snipe the man off from this distance. They could be home for dinner with minimal collateral damage. However, things never quite worked out so easily. “I don't have eyes on Mallen or the Madam yet. Looks like they might be hold up on a lower level. Schematics said this place had underground freezers right?”
Barnes pulled the hands he held up to his forehead. “Thank you...I mean.” He couldn't look them in the eyes right now. There was still that part of him from back in the day that refused to look weak. “Thank you.”
“I don’t know, I think a little bit maybe.” The inventor replied slicking a stripe up the omegas ribs as he nudged his cock at the blonds entrance. “ Never been so quick before. Shows what you do to me, I want in you now Sugar, let me in ?” The alpha was well on his way to sinking in with out permission if he couldn’t hold it together. That sweet breed smell of his aroused omega was just too much.
Phil climbed out and raised his hand in greeting, his passenger exited the other side keeping his head down. His stature, the way he held his shoulders, it couldn’t. Then again, there stood Phil Coulson so why not.
Just as he was about to shake off the melancholy and holler at Stark to hurry it up, the summer air shimmered gold and the feel of static prickled the hair along the back of his neck.
At least that brought a smile to Steve’s face as the blond huffed out a little laugh, trying to relax under the soothing touch.
Pepper offered to find Steve a hospice nurse, hell she even offered to move in and take the duty of caring for Tony on herself. Steve couldn't do that, as kind as it was he felt like this was his job and to be honest the idea of anyone else caring for Tony when he was so vulnerable made his skin crawl. He trusted Pepper, he did - but Tony was his fiancé and there was no way he was going to back out of this just because times looked grim. He was going to marry this man and that meant for better or for worse, in sickness and in health.
Riding silently in the SUV on the way home, Loki keenly watched the scenery change and thought about this world he now called home. Earth, a not so special little dirtball in the vast reaches of the universe. Loki had seen many lands and many kinds of living, thinking, intelligent beings in his long life. He'd walked a line between one reality and the next and never once took notice for more than a fleeting moment. These where the follies of youth he suspected. Days long past where he had no concern for any but his own selfish Whimsey and fancies. Before his world narrowed down to single moments of pain and hurt that sunk in hooked gleaming fangs to demand his full attention.
Loki sat with tears in his eyes arms wrapped tightly around himself. The wooden sword had hit the small protruding bones of his spine and felt like it rang through his whole body.
The Avengers moved as one force, pushing forward against the rush of soldiers and pushing them back towards the base. Amid the chaos, the Hydra agents began shouting over their radios, behind them the ominous turrents engaged.
“That’s just it, everything will change.” Steve then explained the situation in depth, the journal.. The uncertainly of his upcoming heat - which they had no idea when would happen. The plan to deal with it, it felt good to really talk and the calming presence of those who shared his biology helped.
It was sweet, Steve wasn’t sure he’d ever heard this. He did remember his mother reading Peter Pan to him as a child. He loved the idea of running to some magical far away place where everything was better and brighter, where no one was sick or grew old. He remembered wondering if he could wish hard enough, that a fairy would come and make him well.
Steve groaned and snatched the top away. “I’ll think about it, but I’m not wearing any kind of shirt for a while so your argument is moot.”
Sorry i have been away for so long, life has been very difficult these past two months. Without going into unwanted detail i am..healing and finding my  way.  I apologize if this chapter was less than satisfactory. Please be gentle.
Loki had always managed to hold his head high, through all the muck and mire, he somehow came out the other side with as much class as grace as you'd expect from royalty.
When war came to the lands of Marvellia, Joseph, like many other men with pride, took up his sword and lead his men under the banner of the King. Kissing his wife and child goodbye with hope and promise of a safe return.
A screen came up with the live feed of the team, footage was shaky at best - the news helicopter was brave but not stupid.  Apparently, some sort of sea creature controlled by who knows came out of the New York harbor and was tossing around boats like bath toys.
“You have levels?” Steve glanced side long at the alpha. It was a good thing the jet was so roomy, they needed it to fit Stark's ego.
“Tony you have to see that this is crazy!” Rhodes wrung his hands. “You are out there like some damn angle of death, and look at you! Have looked in a mirror lately Tones? Have you? I have seen you look like steamed shit after a three day drunk and even I have to admit you look worse now.”
Tony reached for him and as if on impulse Steve pulled away. Something about the subtle look of fear in the omegas eyes made Tony snatch his hand back as if burned.
Even with the obvious worries aside, Tony knew this was a big step; it would change things between them.
“Alright boy seems you’ll be good for something! You’ll have to work harder now Anthony, you’ll be taking over the company one day!” Howard clapped him on the back laughing. It was that to loud laugh that made your ears crackle when you were standing to close. the old man must have had a few this morning. Lesson one in being a Stark alpha; you can never get a hangover if the alcohol can beat it first thing in the morning.
Now coming in was a silent affair, the armor would open and disassemble - parts heading to be cleaned and any damage to be addressed by Jarvis’s diagnostics. Small things tended to by the bots and anything larger would get Tony’s attention later.
Steve had been gone for two weeks and the last two days he hadn't called. It wasn't like him but Tony wasn't the type to worry. Steve was a big boy and could take care of himself; he didn't need Tony of all people to mother hen him.
“Dr. McCoy.” Loki greeted as he made his way through the halls. “I trust the morning biology courses went well.”
The doctor nodded, “Yes, it does bring you into a higher risk category but you’re very healthy and the babies both look wonderful. We will just keep an eye on things and do our best to keep you healthy. I already have some lab assistance working on some prenatal supplement alternative, with your metabolism as it is. We’ll be using the protein shakes Shield made for you as a base and see what we can do.”
Just like that Tony found that he had something so different yet so wonderful. And for once he didn't even go looking for it, if he wanted to get poetic about it he would say that it was fate. Or as he joking commented in his wedding vows. "I had a husband on ice for 70 years waiting just for me."
“Right ok, you look you need ice chips …or Prozac, prolly ice. I’ll just go do that. Hang in there champ.” Tony disappeared from the room in a flurry of hand gestures.
Thank god for Pepper, the omega woman was a godsend. She took over most things for Tony so that he could do as he pleased. With in reason of course, the ginger might have been an omega but that did not mean she was a pushover. She showed not only Tony but the board members of SI that she was a force to be reckoned with. Then there was Howard’s old partner Obadiah Stane, he became the puppet master and all Anthony Edward Stark was, was a poster boy with charm and good looks. Sure Tony tinkered in the lab and came up with some genius things for the weapons company.  When he wasn’t half under a skirt or half in a fifth of whiskey Tony could be brilliant. He could be exceptional and charming… the point was he didn’t want to be, because every time showed his face he had to listen to old clients of his fathers gush about how sorry they were about Howard. What shame it was to lose such a great man, funny they never said a word of sympathy for Maria.
The director didn't make it past the lobby this time before Stark came down to greet the man personally. “Good morning Pirate pants! How are you doing this fine Saturday morning? Out stealing ice creams from children ? Pushing little old ladies in front of trains? Maybe just ruining my weekend for shits and giggles?”
The blonde turned around to see the simmering young man in the doorway, arms wrapped around himself looking utterly broken.
Jane pauses and bites her lip, suddenly thankful that the queen hadn't mentioned she and Darcy had been the ones who brought Duchess. Jane had wanted to see Thor but then she would have had to tell him why she was there. Frigga had said it best to allow some time to pass before inevitably involving her impetuous elder son.
They were supposed to go to the tower today to pick up Peter and Wendy. Having promised not only the children, but also the little ones parents, to take them out for ice cream. It had become a sort of tradition that once a month the kids would have a special play date with their uncles and spend the night. This would give their parents some much needed alone time.  Not that the two avengers were short on babysitters by any means, it was just that the rest of the pack was all under one roof and it was too easy to give into tearful little faces who wanted 'papa or  daddy'. It was also far too easy for Steve to check on the twins – which basically defeated the purpose of a planned date night.
Loki thought of the happy child in the Polaroid that Kurt carried around. That little boy was different too and yet he was loved. Maybe, in Odin's round about way – him taking Loki from that frozen temple had been love too. He never had heard everything the All-father had to say about that, he'd only heard what he wanted to hear and held onto the rage. What if the way Kurt smiled and talked about his soon-to-be-son, was once how Odin had been? Loki closed his eyes to the passing trees giving way to buildings and signs; he thought back to the man he'd once called Father and was met with a distant image of being carried on the kings shoulders to the stables. Laughing and cheering as the usually stern man made faces at the horses and held him up with a treat to feed the great beasts.
The omega scrubbed his palms over his face muffling the words that had played again and again in the back of his mind ever since he came out of the ice. “What if the past is all I have?”
Eyes filled with fire narrow on him from across the room. This wasn't how he wanted her to find out, for a moment he thinks he's in the clear. Steve, for his part, looks away like a kicked dog and quickly exits the workshop.
Logic worked even with little Steve, he nodded and toddled over to where Tony was laying a changing pad on the bed. Reluctantly dropping his robe and laying down.
“Just get it over with Ms. Potts, I’m a grown man and with all due respect ma’am I don’t need to be coddled.”
