Sam made a disgusted face "Oh man, no! That is not what I mean. I meant you make Cas watch all these movies with you, you can't make me!" Sam wasn't really into those movies like Dean was.
Tasting the sweet taste of him, Dean swallowed every last drop.
Cas groaned, feeling pain shoot back into his head "Listen, I have a bad headache. Thanks for more information on what you say my life is now, but I'm going to go back to my room."
She knew Castiel better than he knew himself and she can tell he had the hots for him even if he won’t admit it. Charlie was enjoying this though. It was cute besides she was only playing around. It wasn’t a big deal people get crushes on their teachers. “Our mechanic teacher.”
Dun! Dun dun dun! Dun dun dun! Dun dun dunnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
"Too soon," She didn't want things to rush.
"Shit?" He questioned the word.
Castiel’s locker combination as it clocked open- hanging up his trench coat
"I kissed you because I missed you." Meg was happy to see him
"No," the corners of Dean's mouth was starting to curl "I got a flashback."
"Sure, Baby," going over to a draw to find a pair of black fluffy handcuffs and a blue flurry fair. getting out handcuffs they been using.
Cas didn’t believe her that couldn’t be possible “He is not.”
"Yes" Dean didn't want to do that "but you're trying to remember and being in here in your own bedroom could help I don't mind." He really didn't.
I have some ideas
Cas bought it, understanding "Oh that's great, but then who were those two guys in here before?" Cas just needed to know, they seemed to know him.
That was when concern escaped Charlie “You don’t look okay, see I told you this was a bad idea to come here today.”
"What do you say we celebrate?" Dean questioned.
Castiel tilted his head confused who was she talking about and she finds a guy to be hot “Who?”
It wasn’t long before they arrived at the bar, costumers already there and have been drinking for a while. Dean was going to help out behind the bar tonight with Benny and Jo. Ash was asleep on the pool table, which was a usual thing.
Wait how?
Dean always got compliments on his car; he didn’t blame anyone. He loved this car, his baby “Yeah isn’t she a beauty.”
"Yes, I feel like me again."
"I had an accident" Cas blurted out, he figured she would know but the stitches on his head.
It'll be worth it
Castiel showed him the cover ‘The Hobbit.’ “Since you said we can exchange books.”
Castiel schedule looked like this:
“Cas?” Charlie mumbled to herself amused. She never heard anyone call her best friend that and Castiel didn’t correct him.
"Tell me a story," Jack pleaded, being comfortable in her bed.
Dean didn’t take no for an answer “I insist, you shouldn’t be walking home so late.”
"Can I kiss you?" She leaned in close.
"It is something," Charlie injected.
"Just go with it" He needed to get this out.
He gave her a look "Didn't you ask Daddy that not too long ago? What did he say?"
"Yes"
Revenge is sweet
Hearing screeching coming from the floor, Mr. Rollen walked into the gym dragging along a bag full of round red balls “Alright guys, like usual we are starting out the year with Dodge ball!”
"Yeah, yeah" he laughed.
"Any reason why?" Castiel knew people usually made codes that meant something to them, it was easier to remember.
Revenge together, together, together
Cas was sitting with Charlie as she looked around for some chicks. "You know I had a memory come back of Sam and Eileen's wedding yet I haven't had one of mine and Dean's. he sadly took a sip of his beer.
"It's in the past now...I think, now he's back and I'm worried."
"I love you, too" Dean replied with a grin "lay down" Cas shifted himself to lay sprawled out on the couch just for Dean to have better access and slide off his pants.
“Charlie?” he tried again
Cas found himself yawning once again
"What is the code to get into it?" That is something Cas needed to know.
Oh yeah?
“Cassie, are you alright?” He could hear her loud and clear.
A rhythm was soon created and both men rocked into each other, their moans whimpers and mutterings, bouncing off the wall of their bedroom. Cas just going in and out of him, in and out, in and out, in and out. Pure bliss.
“It’s never too early to listen to good music” Dean protested before adding on “unless you want me to put on Asia”
Castiel was moving along doing a decent job doing all he could even hiding behind people to avoid the balls and hitting Meg and Hannah.
Dean almost jerked the car from the news “Marry? You are thinking of proposing to Jess?” not to get him wrong he loved Jess and thought she was great for Sam.
something for the
"Well we were wondering....." Cas trailed off.
"For what?" Dean eyed him.
bad news
Dean:
Inside at the reception desk was a young attractive nurse in blue scrubs, so they went to her.
Everyone was gossiping waiting for the teacher as he took his seat.
They completely dropped what they were doing.
"Should I?" Cas questioned back
Dean instantly stopped, looking at him "What did you just say?"
"You" Dean giggled, just as his hand picked up the pace a bit, watching Cas unravel. Dean used his free hand to massage the taint "Yes" Cas moaned out, clenching the couch with no Dean to hold.
"I get it I mean I don't know exactly what you're going through." Charlie was going to get through to him "You need to realize that this is hard for Dean. He loves you, Cas. Dean has to watch someone he's so in love with not remember him. All he wants to do is help you. I'm sure he said this to you already arguing with him and running off is not going to help!"
"Oh okay" Cas figured he knew him so he would go over and say hi.
Cas nodded "yes please." As he was looking at the food laid out under lights "how long?"
"Even better."
"You can take a break for five minutes." Cas wanted to clear the air and talk about this "ever since you jumped out of bed last night something has been bothering you."
"Where?" Charlie looked up, but didn't see it.
Like what?
Castiel smiled almost evilly towards him "Get on the bed, Meg."
"He did this to me. He was mad because I stayed at the auto shop later than I told him I would, so he ripped off my shirt and carved this isn't me for punishment.
"Where are you going?" Cas asked curiously, the date wasn't over was it?
“You don’t like Twisted Sister?” “Besides, what is one of the rules in my car?”
Meg rolled her eyes ""but memories of just you and me were best."
Dean closed the door and walked around to the other side to get in and drive off.
“So, I make good pie then?” Yes, Cas made the apple pie. He and his coworkers do not just sell the coffee and cakes, sometimes their shifts involve them making the stuff. He this time made the apple pie.
Work was finally over for Cas shortly after.
"Yes, only him. He'll leave then we can-"
Cas cut her right off, he didn't want to hear the end of that "You think this is okay? This isn't, Meg. You really are a 'manipulative hoebag' like Charlie likes to call you. I'm done with you, your bullshit, and your lies"
Castiel just ignored the comments.
“Pretty good I’m looking forward to the projects” she was very creative and artistic. She loved arts and crafts.
For his big finish, Dean stood up with his arms raised" And he's watching us all with the eye of the tiger."
"Nothing?" Such bullshit "I heard your comment that wasn't nothing!"
"I fight for what I believe in. You got him to once again kick his mother out of his life." Meg argued into the cold night in town "I'm the last hope and saving him from you."
You on top of
Cas and Dean are at their own secluded area overlooking the water where they come from time to time ever since they had their first date.
Heading to the 67 Chevy Impala, a big smile appeared on Dean’s face seeing his pride and joy “Oh Baby, I missed you”
“I just hope Mr. Rollen sees that it was done on purpose and gets Michael sent to the principal’s office.” Charlie wanted justice.
Without another word Cas pulled him back in wrapping his arms around Dean's neck, the passion firing up encircling the both of them, lost in a trance.
Sam blinked a few times wanting any image of his brother doing anything with his brother in law out of his head "Oh come on man, gross"
Throughout the rest of the day, Castiel was getting more looks than usual due to his face injury, as he could tell people were talking about it. Cas tried not to care, just get through the rest of the day and go home, luckily, he didn’t have work tonight. If he did, he would’ve called out.
“Oh right” Castiel hurried to the coffee machine to pour out the hot pistachio coffee, as the delicious smell hit his nose, into the cup adding in milk and no sugar like she asked for before grabbing the oatmeal cookie she wanted.
Castiel nodded, taking his own seat. He couldn’t wait for the delicious cereal to get into his hungry belly.
Hey Babe
At a red light, Dean's was looking out the window noticing a bar getting crowded "Road House?"
Cas was enjoying what Dean was saying, chuckling at the last part going in for a peck on the lips.
Cas smile at her, he could tell he liked her already "Hello, Eileen, Sam" he didn't really know them right now, so he didn't have too much else to say.
"I don't know," That was something he would have to ask Cas "She left pretty soon after I get home."
"I thought you were kissing and it made me angry." Cas had to tell her now.
"I figured it would I mean I am sure Dean and I made love that night." Cas would love to remember something like that.
“I am thinking-” Kevin began
"Why am I in the hospital?" He tried asking her
"What do you do?" Charlie went on.
With the pain subsiding, Cas looked to Dean smiling.
Smack
Seeing their bedroom, Cas saw a big king-sized bed, with two bedside tables on either side.
“Lisa?” Surprised poured out of his mouth.
He laughed looking at his ring he never took off "I believe he won when he put the ring on my finger."
Castiel was sat up in bed so that Charlie could take off the bandage on his head and check on his healing.
"Welcome home,"' Dean could see the look of surprise in Castiel's face. They were in a nice part of town, as their house was not a mansion, but it looked pretty large with a decent sized lawn. "we live...here?" When he lived with Meg, they had a very small apartment.
Charlie rolled her eyes playfully “Yes I know, but I am talking about you.”
“I have been meaning to read those.” It was on his lift of books to read.
Lunch – Rm. Senior Cafeteria (With Charlie, Garth, and Kevin)
Mr. Winchester looked their way giving her a look before turning back at Castiel “Castiel? Interesting name” hearing that Castiel felt his cheeks growing red. Why was that happening? “What authors do you like?” he actually sounded interested as he didn’t even question anyone else on what they said.
With comfortable silence filling the air, Dean put on some music but didn’t blast it like he normally would to annoy the younger Winchester, who would send Dean a bitch face. He kept it at a lower volume hearing “Got To Get You Into My life” by the Beatles came on.
“I will take him” Charlie didn’t even hesitate.
“Do I know this nobody?” Dean was being a curious ‘older brother.’ Who is she into? Is he a nice guy?
Cas was sprawled out on the couch, with his eyes on the television.
She laughed at him “You were like totally gone. I tried saying your name and that didn’t work. I had to get your attention somehow. Are you okay?”
He hit the nail on the head with Cas "Yes I told you?" Meg was so high maintenance he was going broke being with her going on tacky fancy dates "I'm intrigued" Cas was so interested to see where this night would lead.
“It was the heat of the moment telling me what your heart meant. Heat of the moment shone in your eyes.”
Dean could tell that the kid could barely focus. Cas looked completely out of it. He didn’t believe him, pointing out what he observed “Your hand is shaking holding it and it is starting to scratch the nail.”
She gave him a look “Take a look yourself” walking away from him to give the customer what they ordered.
"Eileen is?" She trailed off not knowing who that was.
~~Flashback~~
Cas grabbed it to pop it into his mouth, sooo much better tasting "This one's good, your turn."
"Yes," Dean felt his blood boiling at the mention of her name. He hated her so much.
"I couldn't help it I had to."
Dean opened his mouth, inviting in the pleasure, loving the taste of Castiel; their tongues dancing with each other in sync. Increasing the passion in their kiss, Cas used his left hand to slip under Dean's shirt, feeling his stomach muscles twitching at his warm fingertips, hearing Dean groan into his mouth.
Sam wasn't even surprised that Dean ordered originally for just himself two large pizzas, but now he gets to have some. Shrugging Sam agreed "Yeah, sure why not. Hey, any word from Cas? When is he coming back?"
The bar was slightly crowded when Dean took a seat at the bar "I sat here and you sat there" pointing to the stool on his left.
"Ash, that guy over there with the mullet talked to both of us about our problems like bartenders do, and overhearing each other's stories we started talking and it went from there. When the night ended, we wanted to see each other again." That's all how Cas and Dean's story started.
I am still
But he was already hurrying up the stairs.
“Raphael.”
With the remote being placed down, and Cas sitting back to get comfortable, he suddenly felt a pain in his brain where he got hit.
Cas opened the back door "get in and strip for me."
Within a couple of minutes, Dean pulled over near a secluded area along the water.
Since the nurse checked on his nose, she cleaned it up and gave him an icepack for his nose. Was his nose broken? Thankfully not! However, it was sprained and forming a huge purple and blue circle on and around his nose. The nurse urged Charlie to leave soon after dropping him off and for Cas to stay at least three periods with her to keep an eye on it and to ice it on and off. She did ask if he wanted to stay longer or even go home. Cas wanted to get out of the nurse’s office and not miss mechanics.
"I'll go make dinner." Dean backed up to head out of the room "You can relax or whatever you want"
Dean knew she was good in math, he cheated off of her a lot in high school, if it wasn’t for her he probably would have failed “I transferred from the school across town, I am the new mechanics Teacher.”
Dean turned around to see Jack at the foot of the stairs "Shhh, don't say that!"
Dean shivered in desire, closing his eyes trying to focus on Castiel's mouth.
"And if you don't?" She secretly hoped he wouldn't.
Dean:
Close.. don't tell
Jo, Charlie's girlfriend eventually got to the hospital to wait. Dean was waiting with her. Only one person could be in the room with her. Dean insisted Cas be with her, they were closer. So, she was more than happy to have her best friend next to her, holding her hand and guiding her through this.
Cas nodded, haven't eaten since breakfast "Yes I am."
“Depends,” Charlie mentioned “are you talking about Comic Con?”
“This weekend?” Sam was in a hurry to buy one already.
Cas broke the kiss, throwing his head back onto the couch, trembling, already becoming beyond turned on by Dean's magical fingers.
"I know," She wanted to kiss him bad "it is just a kiss. It could help you remember. One kiss it's harmless please" biting her lip.
"Cas?" Dean stood up beyond thrilled to see Cas come back to him.
I know you well
Castiel’s hand shot to his lower back. He will most likely have a bruise there by tomorrow. That was enough pain for the day!
"Don't lose your grip on the dreams of the past."
"Really glad to see you're back." Sam blurted out.
“We are going to be divided into two team’s blue team/ green team.” The teacher started to explain “We’ll have two captains” scanning around the room at all the faces “Anyone want to be captain?”
I love you too, De
Dean felt his stomach twist painfully by the mention of her name - Castiel's ex. Why the hell would he ask for her? Yes, oh yes Dean knew all about her. They met! "not here, excuse me" when he walked out, Charlie was walking over with Sam, his mouth running a mile a minute.
He noticed Dean looking down figuring "Dean, if something is wrong, tell me" he seemed worried all night.
Sam and Eileen were not surprised however Cas was, tilting his head in confusion "Four large pies?" he repeated "Isn't that a little too much?"
“Yeah and?” He wasn’t seeing Sammy’s point. This car is his baby and needs to take care of her.
“You should come visit me at work.” Charlie suggested, give her some company, as she pulled into a spot nearby Garth’s car.
So here Castiel was at work wearing a loose ponytail, and a yellow apron over his clothes as some song by Bob Marley played through the speakers.
Dean did stop worrying, yet he couldn't get away from her. Meg was like some kind of virus that wouldn't go away. "You don't know how to give up do you?"
Shrugging, Cas answered her "I don't know"
"My ex-husband" Dean blurted out
Castiel turned on the radio to Z100 trying to not have his thoughts of Mr. Winchester or Dean cloud his mind.
You could say he has a hard life living his whole life in Sioux Falls.
"Come on," Cas urged "You guys talk about it right? You have been dating each other since forever!"
"I wanted to be comfortable," Cas explained but I wasn't sure if.." he trailed off.
Meg went to lean into Castiel's ear to whisper something but got pushed away as Cas felt her practically fly off him "Hey" it was Benny.
Charlie like always let herself into Dean's house, having a key that Cas actually made when she asked him to, years back.
Dean barely looked up, feeling the presence of Sam who came back holding a bag of cool ranch Doritos from the vending machine.
Charlie made a face at him "I believe I know, I stayed over your house a few times and those walls are not thick."
He nodded
Cas stopped, whipping around "What Dean?"
Charlie:
His reply was "I was going to say Dorito, but pizza is better."
Cas was just so happy being alone together like this with nobody around “I like it here we should come here more often.”
Dean grabbed one that looked like it could be cherry "I think you will like this one."
"It's our place" Dean injected.
"Sorry" Dean couldn't help it "I don't know I'm trying to figure this all out to I guess."
"Yeah we can" Dean was up for it.
Cas only had to say "I want to make my own choices."
Charlie:
"Sam thinks you should come over my house on Friday. We eat pizza and watch a movie. I mean I would like that too. Some nights you could even have Charlie join us." Dean was snuggled up against Cas in his bed.
“Are you asking me to come because Jo said no?” Dean had humor to his question, he was only joking about it.
He gave him a look "That is a horrible story, Daddy."
"You know how we have been thinking of having a kid?" Tony questioned her.
The bell rang just as Charlie arrived to class seeing Mr. Winchester and Cas outside of the room. “Cassie, are you okay?!”
~~~~~~~
"I've been busy getting memories back." Castiel is trying to get her away "We can talk another time I'm with Dean right now."
"Tony sorry that took so long I -...." Charlie walked out of a store explaining herself until she saw an unpleasant person. "Why you talking to this fake thing?"
Charlie shook her head “I know you and I saw your face when he walked in and you were staring at him when he walked over here. You think he’s hot besides, it’s not a big deal. I had a crush on Mrs. Braedon.”
“Dammit, Cas, y-“
Dean tilted his head and licked his lips. “Say again?”
He flattens his tongue and lets it run along that vein, and Cas hisses before he lands another hard smack on Dean’s cheek, the sound echoing off of the bare walls of the dungeon. Between that and the huge cock in his mouth he actually chokes a little, tears springing to his eyes as his cheek begins to sting, and
“Stop.”
“Then what-”
It changed the course of my fate. I was no longer beholden to the story Chuck wrote for me. I was beholden to
Dean scoffed. “Well, I dunno how long it’s been since you’ve done this, or...if you have at all, but, uh...dudes aren’t self-lubricating, Cas.”
Cas suppresses a smirk. “So you want me to touch you, Dean?”
Dean scrubbed a hand over his mouth. “Fuck.
in the very part of that hell where it happened...the first time he’d felt for Cas in a way he couldn’t unfeel. The fear that gripped him when Cas was thrown to the ground by a Leviathan, all teeth, lunging for his throat. How helpless he felt as he struggled to fight off his own, unable to get there in time, forced to watch. The firm beating of his heart when Benny saved him and pulled him to his feet.
“You heard her.”
Cas rolled his eyes and groaned.
He opened his eyes and looked around again, scoffing and scrubbing a hand down his face as he plopped down on his bed. It was rare that Cas didn’t answer a call from Dean almost immediately, and even more rare when he didn’t at all. Dean had called him several times each day since the molting started, so finding out the damn guy was in the bunker on and off for days and never checked in really chapped his ass. They were best friends, for chrissake.
But no, the sensation disappears. He lets out a ragged breath and collapses into himself, snapping back from the pull of his arch, his chest rising and falling with panted breaths. He’s practically trembling.
Cas’s expression softened and he tilted his head. “Promise me, Dean.”
Jack watched him with a blank stare as he chewed his food, and Sam fixated on his computer screen again. Dean huffed and topped off his coffee, kicking feathers out of his way as he exited the kitchen and made his way to his bedroom.
Cas doesn’t kneel this time but leans, his hands on his knees.
“Exactly like that.” Cas sighed, tiredly, like he was finally feeling every second of his inordinate amount of years. “Here we are.”
Leo was dead. And Cas...Cas would be next.
, Dean thinks, as he watches his brother wrap his freakishly long arms around Eileen’s tiny body and sob.
Dean looked down, his eyes unfocused as his mind raced.
Cas growled and pushed himself up to his knees, manhandling Dean further up the bed and kneeling between his legs. Dean watched him curiously as Cas gently pushed his knees up, until Dean’s feet were planted firmly on the bed.
Dean almost expects Cas to be sitting in his usual chair by his bed when he opens his eyes, but same as every night, he’s disappointed. And same as every night, he allows himself just a few tears before pressing on, sitting up in bed for hours poring over spellbooks.
Cas’s mouth makes an O shape and he shook his head. “We won’t need any of that.”
“What does that mean?”
weakness, his stupid fucking brain giving Chuck all the ammunition he needed to destroy everything he loved. Chuck knew exactly what things would hurt Dean the most, and he was using them against him.
Cas cocks his brow again. “Oh, yes. I can make you orgasm at any time, in any place, whenever I please. So while you are flexing that embarrassingly underdeveloped vocabulary, or practicing your art of sarcasm, or worse yet, trying your hand at belittlement vis-a-vis my decisions, remember that you belong to me, in every sense of the word.”
Dean stopped and turned back to Cas, raising a brow.
“You did.”
Cas sighed, looking at him knowingly. “Because I knew you wouldn’t let me just accept it. I knew you’d try to find a way to stop it; it’s what you do. Because, Dean, I couldn’t bear to leave this world with my final waking thought being the pain you felt over my death. Especially when there’s nothing you can do. Not this time.”
Cas tongued the back of his bottom teeth as he pressed against Dean’s rim, and he let out a long shaky exhale when he began opening him up. Dean tensed, dropping his head back against the bed again and squeezing his eyes shut.
“I'm...I shouldn't.”
“Understood.” Dean pulled his hand away and held both of them up in surrender, giving Cas a small grin. “Oh. Oh, shit.”
“It’s not. I can assure you.”
“Very well.” Cas sat up as straight as he could, and Dean took a few steps back, sitting on his bed with his hands clasped between his legs. “Once every millenium or so-”
“Um. Lube. Condoms. Anything.”
anything. Anything.
. That
Dean opened and closed his mouth a few times. “Like, as in, a wolf?”
His head snaps the opposite way this time as Cas’s palm connects with Dean’s left cheek, and his cock spasms hard, and again, and again…but nothing comes out. He shakes uncontrollably as he looks down at his engorged cock, his eyes wide.
Cas blessedly didn’t press him for an answer, instead flexing his hands comfortingly over Dean’s thighs and slowly,
you.”
“I'm expected to...” Cas paused, swallowing hard, “do my part. To find an unmated Omega and...procreate.”
, arching unbelievably as Cas holds his face in both hands. He can’t look down to watch himself at first but it just keeps
“The hell,” Dean muttered, furiously dusting off the counter, holding his mug far away from the mess. He frowned and turned to lean against the counter, sipping at his coffee. Sam was sitting at the table, too immersed in whatever was on his computer to eat his breakfast- which was surely cold by now- that he hadn’t noticed Dean’s miniature fit.
They kissed languidly for several minutes with no real finesse, tongues tangling, teeth scraping against pliant lips. Cas still clung tightly to him even after they stopped, and they laid wordlessly together, Cas’s forehead pressed to Dean’s shoulder.
Cas’s wings.
His heart races, pounds frantically. He can’t breathe.
“But that would be cheating, Dean.”
Dean gulps, afraid to tear his gaze away.
“You...weren’t supposed to-”
“Why didn’t you tell me and Sam about your deal with the Empty?”
Cas pressed his lips together. “You’re trying to be a good friend and I appreciate that, but this is not how I...I wouldn’t want you this way.”
“God, Cas, you- fuck!“ Dean pants hard, finally cutting his eyes up at Cas, gritting his teeth so he could speak, “you’ve made your point.”
, but no longer visible to the human eye- and Cas was staring peacefully up at the ceiling, his hands clasped over his stomach, the tape under them.
“As far as I’m concerned, it is.” Cas stopped and frowned as he looked back and forth, eventually setting off again toward the right. Branches snapped underfoot, the air was thick with fog, monsters snarled in the distance, but Cas had tunnel vision.
“Cas, I-”
Only to shoot up in his bed gasping for breath, empty bottles clattering to the floor and his heart pounding so heavily Dean wishes it would just do him a damn favor and give out already, he’s had enough, he’s done. When he settles into bed again he counts the frantic heartbeats, trying to reason out how many of them it would’ve taken to say the words, so he knows how many damn times he should’ve said it back before he didn’t have the chance anymore.
“Will it happen to me?” Jack asked, shoveling eggs into his mouth.
He looked back at Cas and they shared a knowing look. Cas pressed his lips together and nodded.
“Maybe,” Sam nodded to him, then looked back to Dean. “I mean, we can clean them up, but there’s hardly a point until he’s done. I just swept the hallway last night before bed, and…well.”
“I told you, I’m-“
“He’s just...just testin’ me,” Dean muttered. “That’s all. He’s fuckin’ with us. He knows this is...this place...it’s important to me. You know that. You know him. He wants you to die here, he
"Never thought we'd get another shot at you two."
He didn’t look at Cas at first when he pulled away, keeping his eyes downcast before closing them and taking a deep breath. He finally opened them again and slowly looked up, exhaling a little shakily. Cas’s expression was unreadable at best and Dean floundered, transitioning easily into nonchalance.
, because Cas has already seen all that messy horror show shit and he wants him anyway. He loves him anyway.
“I think we can do better than that.” He pursed his lips and raised a brow. “Whaddaya say, big guy?”
"I'm loyal and give him the love he deserves. I bring out the best in him because I accept him for who he is and what he wants to do. You tried turning him into something he's not" Dean shot at her, trying to deal with this crazy woman.
"You can't remember how we met or fell in love that sucks but it was the greatest time of my life I'm thinking how cool would it be to experience it all over again" Go out together to places they been too.
Meg groaned shaking her head "He's a liar we still speak. I can't believe he didn't tell you this!"
Once Cas did his business and walked out of the bathroom, it couldn't have been a worse timing. Meg was making her way out of the women's bathroom "Clarence" running up the kiss him.
"So, what's up?" why did Dean call for him?
"We shouldn't tell Cas something he does deserve to know right, Cas" Dean stated to his friend in a sarcastic tone.
"Love?" Cas laughed "What we had wasn't love."
He laughed sarcastically
Dean:
Castiel's smile grew into an evil, yet adorable smirk. Putting two and two together she knew exactly what he had in mind "Oh no!"
"Hey Cas," Dean wanted to talk to him, but feel bad to keep him up "you look exhausted. You are sure you want to talk right now? You should go to bed."
Bringing up his nose, Charlie had another question for him “Are you sure you even want to go to school today? I thought you should’ve stayed home today. Its Friday and it wouldn’t hurt to have one day off, I mean you’re in pain you should be relaxing.” She was being a caring friend.
"I forgot my phone" Cas would have called him he probably would have gotten lost, but he did forget it and he did run into her accidentally.
"Dean, touch my cock, please" He panted, withering below him, losing himself.
"Thanks, I grow it myself." Cas made a little joke.
“You know you love Mr. Fizzles” Garth taunted, petting the head of the sock.
"You'll get there. You will remember that I promise you" Charlie reassured him. Cas was already making amazing progress. "That was a fun day I was your best girl."
Meanwhile Cas found his way to Meg's apartment.
Eileen answered that for him "Here in Lawrence, just five blocks from here."
Sam smiled, having an idea, that is why he brought this up again “Would you come with me to pick out a ring? I want it to be perfect, and you know Jess too, so I need an opinion.”
Yesssss okay
That question made Dean laugh “Because it is.”
"Yeah, Sam suggested I watch it. I like it" Sam thought it could help. Cas did want to see how the day went, see which guests were there; No Meg or his mother.
Cas joined in on the laughing, that cloud did look like noting.
"What was it about?" Charlie was curious to know.
"Apparently he couldn't wait-" Charlie felt like she was being stabbed, starting to lose her breath "Oh my God, the contractions are starting."
Having the fresh air hit his face and his car beep to tell him it is locked, Charlie and Castiel made their way towards Sioux Falls High, the big reddish-brown building with a big banner over the front staircase that read “Welcome back, Lions”- their mascot.
"Can I have cookies please?" Jack asked again.
Cas chuckled he didn't mind "It's okay we wear each other's clothes all the time. If you want to know your section is on the left of our closet."
Dean shook his head "No, it's not"
"Cas!"
She gave him an odd look "I think you have me confused with Dean. Whatever he's been saying about me he's been feeding you lies. Can't you see that?"
"Here to help my Clarence out" She informed the taller man.
She didn't give a shit what Dean had to say "Clarence, you ran off quickly the night we kissed." She said it as if Cas wouldn't tell Dean that "you haven't been answering my calls."
"Hey, Dean," Cas glanced at him with a small smile.
Dean:
It didn’t help his case when 5 balls came at him at once.
He did want to say more, but Dean beat him to it "What are you doing?"
"How?" Meg thought it was right.
Cas knew what she was talking about "We lost our virginity to each other that night."
Dean was sitting on a not so comfortable chair with his hand in Castiel's not paying attention to the news on TV. Looking over at his poor unconscious husband "Cas" Dean whispered slightly "please wake up soon. I miss you so much. I need you here with me. It's really hard to function without you. I'm sorry this happened to you and honestly that ass whole who hit you got what he deserved after what he's done to you. I love you more than anything and it hurts me to see you like this. Come back to me, Cas. I'd give anything to see those blue eyes of yours staring back at me."
"Shit Cas and I are raising a master manipulator." Dean spoke aloud, but mostly to himself.
Since the teacher wasn’t here yet a thought popped into his head out loud “I wonder where-” he didn’t even have to finish what he was going to say.
who Cas ran into today
Things have been going great for the Winchester family - they couldn't be happier, but what happens when a tragedy strikes and people who they thought they'd never see again reappear?
He did? Dean looked so hot "So do you."
FINALLY
Once they digested all that food, Dean hopped off the hood to get something from the backseat.
"Wait really?" Charlie started to feel excited herself.
"Are you trying to make me diabetic or just fat?" From talking, a piece of pie fell out of his mouth making both men start laughing.
Catching a glimpse of himself in the mirror- his hair was all over the place and had bags under his eyes.
Double AP English – Mr. Watson Rm 221 (With Kevin)
"You must fight just to keep them alive."
“I’ve been better” Cas sighed before feeling Dean touch his arm to help him to his feet. Through his sweater, he could feel the grip and it felt…. good? Castiel’s eyes shifted to Dean’s hand and up to his face.
Dean was happy to see him home "there you are."
Cas continued ignoring that compliments "Although the best was Charlie finally getting the courage to ask out Stevie, she couldn't stop telling me how many times they hooked up that night."
It didn't take long for Cas to get an answer. He heard her giggling from down the hall. Cas strutted his way to their bedroom to hear "Oh god, yes! Right there. Fuck, you are so much better than Clarence at this" she was moaning.
“Yup, I will probably sit out at gym today.” He didn’t need to get hurt any more than he already did.
“Tired?” Dean questioned followed by him yawning too
Cas looked at the new jewelry he had on his finger.
Sam made a small chuckle escape his lips “If I brought her with me, she wouldn’t be able to keep this a secret, she would tell Jess accidently.”
"How can you do this to me, Castiel?" His mother felt like she was going to cry from frustration.
"I love pie, but how do you know what flavors they are?" The box didn't tell them what they were.
Cas had repeat after the priest, staring into Dean's eyes like nobody else was here "I, Cas take you Dean for my lawful husband to have and to hold from this day forward for better for worse, for richer or poorer, in sickness and in health, till death do us part"
"What?" Her eyes almost bulged out of her head.
The FaceTime noise started to be heard as he waited.
“I better go Mr. W- Dean.” Cas finally stated, he figured Charlie would be waiting for him ether by their lockers or his car.
Dean nodded, plopping himself down on the couch.
Castiel lifted up his hand to see the wedding ring on his left ring finger "Are you joking?"
"Hey, De"
"Sure, I am," She laughed "I'll be thinking that when I'm in bed with your husband."
"A gentleman always rings the bell and it's walks his date to the car" Dean did during their first date "You look amazing by the way."
"I did, yes" He and Charlie liked the same things.
Are you okay?
Charlie wished she didn't have to say this but they needed to know "He thinks he is twenty-one, living with Meg."
"We'll let you go so you can get some rest" Dean can see that Cas wanted to go to sleep.
Castiel sighed shaking his head, why doesn't he know "I hate that I don't know this stuff."
"I have yes." He's watched it twice already.
Cas had no time to react when he felt a hard impact from the truck.
“What was that?” Charlie asked with concern in her voice.
"Where are you going?" Dean called out to him.
Dean smiled as he continued walking with all girl’s eyes on him.
She never called him that before it has always been Cassie “Cas?”
“You ARE crushing on him already!” Charlie could tell. His face was still red.
“Oh wow, Dean isn’t that Lisa?” Jo noticed a beautiful, petite girl walk in with some friends.
"Shit" she stopped in her tracks realizing she shouldn't have said that "I really can't keep secrets."
“Thank God it is Friday.” Cas sighed, looking ahead as they walked their way towards the Hell of a school.
You are killing
"Indeed, I do" Meg turned to smile at Cas.
"I didn't say that I don't know who to believe." This was all confusing to Cas, his memory loss didn't help him try to connect and see who to believe "I don't remember any of it."
"Wasn't I trying to be a doctor?" He wasn't in school for that anymore?
"Hey, Dean-O" Charlie greeted her friend.
Dean walked to stand right next to him, looking at the options "Four years."
BEEP BEEP BEEP
From the contact, Castiel's legs jerked in surprise.
"Why is that?" Dean felt himself getting frustrated.
Charlie:
"Hmm?" Ready to answer whatever he needed.
"And actually," Dean jumped in "You helped them design the layout, Cas." Obviously, Cas couldn't help them now, but he did.
"What? Is he okay?" Any tiredness that Sam was feeling flew out the window.
Dean stood up straight “Right, feel better, Cas”
"Some impact" Dean scoffed, not taking it out on Charlie, he was just upset "he doesn't remember us. He doesn't remember.....me!"
Cas didn't hesitate to go to the door and answer it only to see a handsome looking Dean.
"Yes I am. I always been I was scared to come out being around a homophobic person like you so I locked it away for so long. Meeting Dean changed that. Thanks to him I'm finally proud to be who I really am." Dean made him a better person inside and out.
"But my checkup-" that's what he was here for.
"Never" Cas shouted heading for the fountain.
“Yeah” at least she helped in a way to get him back to reality instead of him looking like a creep. Castiel don’t know what is wrong with himself.
"Dean, finally I've been calling you" she urged frantically. "I was about to call Sam!"
Charlie:
“Uh Yeah” Kevin nodded enthusiastically. He loved going to those.
"What a great friend he is fucking your girlfriend way before you proposed." Dean's voice was rising more with each word "She's a cheater and a manipulative liar. You left her because of that! You told me all about it the night we met! Besides, you are not even into women, you're gay, Cas!"
It was the guy that Castiel saw earlier this morning! Getting a better look at his face he noticed the stubble of a five-o clock shadow, green eyes, messy yet spiked hair, and a perfect jawline. This guy was going to be his teacher?! He never had an attractive teacher before. This man was beautiful to look at!
It was thrilling to hear finally some progress "That's great if it did the more should be coming back to you soon"
"I'm fake?" Meg scoffed "All of you are making Clarence fake."
Cas also knew that he had to wake up Charlie, who loves to sleep more than anything, so he fought with his tired body to slip out of the covers and off the mattress heading to the bathroom.
“I think you’ll like it”
Cas was taken back that Dean used his full name as he looked at him “Yes?”
Later that night Dean was in for a surprise "uh, Dean"
"A story? Once upon a Time Jack went to bed, the end," Dean liked that story.
Dean:
After that conversation Dean found Cas in his office looking around at his work before the accident "Can we talk?"
Dean was handed Castiel's ring first to place into his 'going to be' husband's left ring finger "Cas, take this ring as a sign of my love and my fidelity in the name of the father the son and the Holy Spirit."
"I don't know" Dean did not like what he was saying this could not end well and he needed to stop it so he decided to walk towards them.
"Like you'd stop fucking him if you got Cas back" Charlie also added in.
Mr. Winchester’s eyes scanned the room before landing right on Castiel’s. They locked eyes. Castiel could feel his heart jumped into his throat as his hand uncontrollably gripped the side of the desk. They seemed to have gazed at one another longer than he has everyone else. Mr. Winchester sent him a small smile before dropping the gaze and going over to his desk to put his stuff down, leaning against the desk.
"Ehh" he had a different name in mind "looks more like the Titanic."
"I don't want to get Castiel in trouble but..." Sam trailed off, rubbing his hands together.
Cas’ cheeks flooded pink and he looked away momentarily before shifting his gaze back to Dean. “Well it happens right after I… And you’ve never seen it because I always kept my eyes closed until I knew it dissipated.”
~The End~
“I don’t know, Dean,” she replies. “I could be a figment of your imagination, you could be dreaming… but even if you
Cas smirks in response. "It's not that much, besides, why not enjoy the perks of being a celestial being? There'll be plenty of lube when I'm human."
Sam just gives him a look. Castiel doesn't even have to try to interpret it. He's knows exactly what Sam is saying, but he still isn't confident Dean will talk to him. Nonetheless, he raises his arms in a makeshift shrug and nods. “I'll try. Of course, I'll try.”
bottle now lying haphazardly on its side, teetering dangerously off his night stand. Fighting with Sammy was par for the course after a hunt gone bad, and his little brother apparently hadn't shared the same enthusiasm for killing evil bastards as he did. He was tired of this shit, if he was being honest, but it seemed the only person... err
He knew that name all too well. The goddamn Darkness. She'd fallen off the radar recently. No poor soulless bastards making carved Thanksgiving turkeys out of their families and friends. Dean had been going stir crazy trying to figure out what she was up to, but the leads had all gone cold. Hell, he didn't even remember the last time he'd seen her. “They both knew,” Castiel continued, his voice straining, blue gone dark and almost swimming in animosity, “how you felt about me. And they knew you'd never stop fighting… for me.”
- screen of his phone. The night hadn't ended until he'd seen the bottom of the
every word if it still.
“Oh honey,” Mary says, her thumb swiping over Deans knuckles.
Another sharp intake of breath. “YOUR GRANDSON IS OUT THERE...ALONE. CONFUSED. DANGEROUS… and you're, what? Oblivious? Blatantly ignoring EVERYTHING as usual?”
Dean held up his hand, pissed that he had to pull himself away from Cas even for a moment. “Sammy stop talking. This is Cas-Castiel.” He gestured toward the angel in question in an introductory way. “He's an angel. He's gonna touch your forehead and then we won't have to have this conversation. Cas?”
Dean no longer has control of himself, his hands gliding down over quivering abs to work on his belt buckle as Cas’ breath comes faster, labored, and it's taking too fucking long.
you can.” The door knob begins to jiggle.
" Dean says coldly. But rage takes hold again. "Because. You made. A goddamn.
Sam's voice wavered, “We-we know him. He-he’s Cas, and-and there was Rowena, and The Darkness, and...
in control. Of anything."
“Whoa! Hey!” Dean jumps back. “I don't need that, Cas.” He chuckles lightly. If he had any question about the real Cas actually being here, it's completely gone. “It was a hypothetical, man. I'm good... right here...in this room with you.”
Throwing on his robe, tying it in annoyance, shoving his feet into his "old man slippers" as Sam so affectionately referred to them, he flung open his bedroom door with all the grace of The Hulk, grumbling the entire way down the hall.
Cas is silent, shaking his head as his tears threaten to spill over once again. They're both jolted by the banging that begins again, this time they can both feel the vibration in the room, the power emanating from behind that door.
His voice cracks on the last one, and a tear escapes. He can't stop it.
Dean is silent. He feels all of the fight drain from his body. He feels his vision going black, but he blinks until he can see again. He feels like he's been punched in the gut by that mammoth thing that punched him in the gut last week. He feels like he's lost his angel all over again.
steal the life out of Jack, the smug look on his fucking face. Sure, his mind graces him with images of other people, friends they've lost, but these are the ones that haunt him still on any given night.
to come in
Dean nods, jaw clenching tighter, nostrils flaring as the tears flow freely now. Nothing he does is drying it up. But Cas just holds him. He holds him and lets him cry. He holds him and lets his body tremble in his arms. When Dean's knees start to give out, Cas holds him tighter and lifts him up.
Dean grit his teeth. “Right, because you're an angel.”
“Dean,” Cas groans, his head falling back. Dean hums in response, swallowing Cas into his throat, and the angel jumps. “Holy sh--...Dean!”
Castiel enters the bunker as quietly as he can, given the screech of the bunker door. He feels weary, it’s late, and all he wants to do is retire to his room to wallow in all his failings, but he hears voices coming from the kitchen. One voice in particular, and it sends a painful flutter through his stomach.
“Me too,” Cas replies, his tongue licking along the shell of Dean's ear. Dean shudders. Cas slaps Dean's hands away, much to the hunter's vexation, ripping the zipper of his jeans down, pushing denim and cotton until both are around Dean's ankles. The angel takes an excruciatingly long time unlacing Dean's boots; he taps at each leg, carefully pulling each one off along with Dean's socks. He moves on to freeing Dean of his makeshift shackles, kissing up one leg, lingering at his groin. Dean, kneading at Cas’ crown, tries to urge him over just a little, but Cas isn't having it. The angel smiles against Dean's skin and stands; the man's poor, neglected dick hardening in response.
, and nothing!”
“What do  you want, Dean?” the angel asks quietly into the shell of his ear. Dean’s hips piston again.
in his life. He doesn't realize this, of course, until he wakes a few hours later, tucked underneath his comforter, head pillowed in Cas's lap. Sleepy green eyes blink open to see gentle blue irises gazing down at him as the angel's fingers have moved from his arm to comb lightly through his hair. Dean smiles.
the most. All the times he brought Cas back to life… back to
Telling Zachariah to go fuck himself; going to hell;
Mary is happy, saw her at peace with his own two eyes, he's never wished his wings weren't broken more than this moment, so he could
"Nobody's messing with you… but maybe you," Mary says.
“I know, Dean, I'm so sorry.”
“Mmmmmm, isn't that the idea?” Cas replies.
"Don't," Dean finally replies, his tone acid. But she doesn't stop.
The boys watch in amazement as Cas’ stoic face changes to a warm, inviting smile. “Yes. Hello, Jack.”
“I'm not a dick,” Castiel said, almost petulantly.
"Only a little," the angel smiles wide with that revelation and Dean rolls his eyes.
He arrives at the bunker in Lebanon Kansas fifteen hours later, as Dean would say, because he ‘drives like Miss Daisy.’ He catches himself almost knocking before opening the door to his “home” and hesitantly walking in. He isn't exactly sure what he's walking
Dean asks, dreading the goddamn answer. Cas's eyes plead with Dean silently to not make him talk about this. Dean knows the angel would rather just give himself up than see Dean hurt, both physically and emotionally, but as stubborn as Cas is, Dean knows that particular trait most likely came from Dean himself, and he's not having it. "Cas," he nearly whispers, his voice shaking, "please!"
“I want…” he pauses again and this time, the angel stays silent, waiting. But before Dean's says another word, his lips are on Castiel's, parting them, sucking, Castiel giving every inch of what he's getting, and when Dean licks into his mouth, the angel moans. Dean pulls back. Breathless, he says, “Stay.” Castiel has no time to respond before Dean's lips are on his again. They trail across the angel's stubbled jaw, up to his ear, and he whispers, “stay with me, Cas,” before pulling the lobe of it between his lips. Castiel shudders. His arms snake around Dean's waist, and pull him closer.
for being so
Dean shouted, sounding a hairsbreadth away from maniacal. “Because I've met a few angels, and they're all dicks. Every single one of them… dicks! Guess that makes you someone I don't wanna know.”
, I'm coming!" He half-yelled, knowing the asshat at the door would definitely not hear him.
“But we beat it, Cas,” Sam answers quickly, “and she did, she did amazing.” His hands, that had been lifted and animated in his explanation, drop to the table again. “But we got back and she said she misses dad, and she's still mourning us as babies… as we were when she,  w-when she died. And then she just… left.”
Cas cries out, bolting upright as Dean's hand cups his erection, crashing his mouth to Dean's, tongues meeting in a burst of heat.
“Fuck you, Sam,” Dean growls.
"It's not going to do any good, Dean," Cas says sadly.
Sam usually meets him there and shakes his head sadly.
"Anyway," she rolls her eyes, tapping her wrist, "about that appointment we had. Tick tock, angel."
It continued - much to Dean's utter fucking annoyance - without stopping until he finally decided to see who had enough balls to wake the sleeping bear. He pushed himself off the mattress, sleepy muscles suddenly awake and,
Having him back. Loving him. Needing him in every way imaginable.
from head to toe. Dean's eyes are saucers. His jaw goes slack, both in awe and from the immense pleasure he's feeling, and he couldn't even collapse if he wanted to...
“Hello Dean.”
Alone.
He's uncertain how long he’s watched the nature programs, there have been several, when his phone begins to vibrate on the mattress next to him. He blinks, startled slightly and squints at the clock on the nightstand. The glowing red numbers read 3:15 am. Castiel picks up his phone, seeing that the name on the caller ID is Sam.
Dean’s hands release his lapel and slide up his neck until they’re both cradling Castiel’s face. Blue eyes stare in shock at jade green irises, tumultuous, bloodshot, red-rimmed...
“But you
“I'm… fuck, man, I dunno what to say.”
“I'm sure she knows how much you love her,  Dean,” Cas says softly. “I'm sure she understands how difficult it is for you.”
Jack looks at Dean almost incredulously, but straightens his back, his expression turning resigned, yet determined. “Yes,” he replies, “I understand, Dean Winchester.”
with you on that. But why do you think he had to keep writing? Huh?" Dean only shrugs, so Cas continues his diatribe, "why do you think he had to keep throwing things at you, at
I don't like to be fucked with and I most certainly don't allow my brother to be fucked with. So you have about four seconds to come clean before I empty this pretty, shiny silver chamber into your chest! Now
dreaming, it doesn’t mean this isn’t real. People see loved ones in their dreams all the time.”
“My apologies.” Cas smiles down at Dean almost slyly - well, as sly as the angel can get - and Dean feels himself swell to the point of explosion.
The angel tugs on Dean's bottom lip with his teeth, thrusts once more, and it's all over for him. With his head thrown back into the pillow, a groan, muffled from biting his own fucking lip, Dean comes. Wetness seeps between them. Cas slows down a little, but Dean grabs his face and stares at him. “No, Cas. Come,” he orders. His legs fall apart, and he reaches one hand around to palm Cas’ ass. He dips his fingers between mounds of toned flesh, massages puckered skin, before dipping a finger inside.
"Yes, Dean, please," Cas begs, pulling Dean's head up, blue eyes boring into green.
Cas, what are you…”
“I’m not Sam, Mom,” he finally replies.
Dean whines, tugging on the back of Castiel’s head until the angel finally lifts his head and looks at him. “I’m,
“Hello Dean.”
Dean stares in stunned silence. Cas’ eyes, bluer than normal without grace powering them, are now as bloodshot as Dean's, and he's done. He can't stand here any longer.
be here... with you."
"Cas!" Dean's voice echoes through the room. Cas's eyes widen, and he stares at Dean. "Will you just," Dean works to soften his tone, "
Mary looks at him, her eyes boring into his soul. “No, not at all.” Dean furrows his brow, confused yet again. “The letter was nice, but it was just words on paper. Your dad never spoke those words to me with his own mouth. I never got to see the expression on his face when he said them. I-I never got to see that level of vulnerability from him, and he never got to see my face in response to those spoken words.” She sighs, “I think… I think writing down your feelings is a good idea, though.”
"What do you
Love to you all! <3 <3 <3
a worse older brother? He's certain Sammy's just as upset as he is, but Dean just abandoned him, running off and locking himself in his room like a fucking teenager who got dumped.
to be the day to seek Revelation. Not today. No, today is none of those things. Today… is the third day after Mary Winchester’s death.
a realization hit him. He slammed his palm against his forehead, which -
at the two of them, particularly the man/angel in his arms. “What the hell is... who is…” He gripped his temples with one oversized hand. “You wanna tell me what's going on, here?”
The angel yells. Dean stops dead and stares at him. It's not anger he hears coming from Cas, it pure, unadulterated panic. He feels sick. He feels dizzy. He cannot feel his own body.
"It's not Billie," Cas blurts.
“Fine. Jesus.” Dean does as he's told, albeit petulantly.
More pleading comes from the other side of the door, his name said in that gruff tone that sends him reeling, and before he realizes it, his hands are pressed against it. His forehead falling lazily on the hardwood.
She goes up in a cloud of grace before Castiel can say another word, and now he’s even more angry than when he started. Determined, compelled, and
Hope.
Cas thrusts a couple more times, his mouth dragging across Dean's jaw. He drops his head to Dean's shoulder, his undulations stuttering, then stopping suddenly. He bites into Dean's flesh to muffle his own cries as he comes, emptying himself into Dean. Dean holds him tight, keeping them connected as long as he can.
Dean doesn't answer for several seconds. He's drifting in and out of sleep now, so when he does answer, it's barely audible.
Dean shakes his head, still not looking at Cas. “That's the problem,” he chokes on his words. “I don't deserve for you to stay.”
"When you told me you loved me," the angel smiles at him; it's the saddest smile he's ever seen from Cas, and it shatters his heart into so many pieces, he can almost feel the shards stabbing through his ribs, "I pushed it down. I-I was with you, but I wouldn't let myself think about it. I
he wants this. Letting himself finally acknowledge it is like the weight of the world lifting off his shoulders. And Cas’ weight
“Cas, fuck, Cas, I'm gonna--”
Castiel finds himself in the kitchen, as is his usual routine nowadays, pouring himself a cup of coffee. Black. He likes to taste the bitter nectar of the beans on his tongue, not the artificial flavor that cream and sugar seem to bring out in it. It’s an unpopular opinion, he knows. He feels… different this morning. He’s irritable in a way that’s unusual for him. Not angry; not really, but simply irritated. Hours upon hours, he’s spent scouring through lore; scouring through his own knowledge; searching online for
, but his instincts kick in and suddenly, he's filled with rage.
"I said
"Yeah, Mom," he smiles as softly as he can, though the thought of hearing about his dad
Castiel licked his lips, his eyes growing dark, midnight blue. “Dean, you have to tell me exactly what you want.”
“Cas, can you do something besides repeat me? How. The. Hell?”
Once again, a huge thanks to Chriss and Kiera for being amazing and beta'ing this for me super late! Love you!
The End.
When Castiel's fingers contacted Dean's flesh, his eyes closed instantly. Bright white flashed in his mind, quickly filling his entire head and rendering him paralyzed before images began speeding through his mind like watching an old silent movie on a Nascar track.
“Sam?” Castiel says softly. It still makes the over-sized human jump, startled out of what had to have been deep, cogitative thought.
“We are. I promi-”
Castiel drops his chin to his chest, sighing himself and placing his hands on his hips. “What makes you think he's going to talk to me?“
Finally, Cas pulls away. Leaning into Dean's ear, he says, "I love you, lumberjack."
Dean opens his mouth to protest again, when the door blows open, the random desk chair barricading the door splintering in pieces, and scattering across the floor. The sound is deafening, but again, Dean can only seem to hear his own pulse throbbing in his ears. He turns, eyes swimming in tears, expression defiant, angry as he watches "Billie" saunter into the room.
Thanks so much for reading!
“No, Dean! Stop!” he begs.
. "Hang the fuck on!" He yelled as he took his sweet time ascending the stairs and aiming the silver barrel squarely at the door. "Patience is a goddamn virtue, don't you know that?" He could've sworn he heard movement after his slight tantrum, and his trigger finger itched as his left hand reached for the door handle. "Who is it?" he growled, hand touching the cool knob finally.
He'd met some of these bastards before, but he’d never actually
He hears the faint knock, but barely pays any attention to it, mumbling something indecipherable as his thoughts are obviously riddled with other things. But when his door opens and he hears Cas's gruff voice say, "Dean?" he's scrambling to cover up what he's actually doing.
It took him a moment to realize the pounding he was hearing wasn't actually in his head, but was, in fact, coming from the double-layered steel door of the bunker. How the hell he was hearing that all the way down here was beyond him. Must've been someone with iron fists.
those words to me. You can do this. He deserves to hear the words, and so do you.”
frustration clear in his tone, blue eyes blazing.
"Screaming on the inside
“I wonder,” Dean continues, realizing this line of conversation may not have been the best idea for his sanity, but as delirious as he is, he doesn't really seem to care. “I wonder if I could say it to you.”
“What did I say, Dean?” Cas chides. Dean's not sure he wants to know what he meant by 'too intense too fast,’ so he shuts up.
“D’you know something,” Dean's words are slurring like he's in a drunken haze. Maybe he is.
“Too much talking,” the angel growls, “I want you too, Dean,” he drags his lips up to Dean's panting mouth, speaking directly into it, “but tonight, I want all of you.”
And for the longest time, he doesn't. He drives. Alone. Letting the darkness both inside and outside of the cab cradle him, seep around him like grief-stricken fingers he's willing to let strangle him. He lets his worry, his fear, both
“He's not usually mean, I promise you. Can you trust me?” Again with Sam's fucking placating. Dean watches the nephilim look at Sam, eyes still wide, mock innocence, Dean's decided, and nod its head.
The sound of shuffling in the corner of his room startles him to full alert mode, and he scrambles to grab his glock on the bedside table. He presses his back into the headboard and points the gun into the inky blackness of his room, the thought dawning on him too late, to turn on the fucking lamp.
"But then, I saw you working with Jack," Cas continues. He's speaking as if he couldn't stop the words now, even if he wanted to. As if… the angel isn't gonna let the hunter fight for him.
He tightened his hand around the barrel of the gun, raising his left hand to wrap around his right, and flexed his arms, attempting intimidation. Too bad the asshole couldn't see his muscles through the sleeves of the robe. No matter. Dean made up for that by stepping one foot forward, menacing, his stance rigid, and a scowl taking residency on his hardened face.
"But why?" He sounds like a child and he fucking
Sam takes a tentative step toward his brother, his eyes shift cautiously to the house behind him before returning to Dean's supine form. “Dean?” he says again, repeating his brothers name until there's some semblance of recognition.
“I will,” Castiel answers, “of course I will, Dean.”
Dean finally speaks. “That’s a nice story, Mom. But… I don’t know, uhm, you-- you think I should write Cas a letter?”
“Dean no-”
"What the fuck?" Dean whispers.
Dean stares in shocked amazement. If he's being honest, he doesn't know whether he wants to be pissed about his measly human hands or impressed by his angel's power. He goes with option C. “Fuck, that's sexy. Get over here.” He pulls Cas over by his now, buckle-free pants and kisses him again before finishing the job, pushing the pants and boxers down to Cas’ ankles.
By WickedNerdAngel
Blue.
Dean takes a deep breath, trying to quell the panic bubbling up inside him. He looks down at the paper.
(12X03 Coda)
"That's not true--"
Because it wasn't real. This isn't real.
Cas smiled, a little mischievously if Dean was being honest, and it had him suddenly a little on edge remembering the shit Naomi pulled. “Gabriel,” Cas replied with a slight laugh and a roll of his eyes.
“What? Why would she--” Castiel stops himself, because he knows exactly why. He's felt it before… the feeling of not belonging, wondering
"It…" he sighs again, his voice breaking as he speaks. "It wants me to live my life. And as soon as I allow myself to-to be happy, it said that's when it would come for me."
his voice cracks slightly, and he clears his throat. "So nice try,
stupid. "Love me back?"
When Dean finally let's go of the miracle in his arms, Sam is quick to take his place, though their hug isn't quite as intimate. There's a marked difference in the way his brother holds Cas; a different kind of strain to his voice as he tells the angel how happy he is to see him. But he hears something in the silence of the night, something he knows he isn't meant to hear given the hushed tone in Sammy's words. After the heartfelt, “we're so glad to have you back,” and, “we've missed you, Cas,” Dean hears, “he's just not the same without you.”
at the risk of sounding like a fucking pansy, won't let him.
“That's right,” he says proudly and matter of factly. “I don't want anything to do with that ass clown.” Dean and Sam neither one can feign their chuckles at that. But Jack's expression turns to one of concern once again as Cas continues to stare blankly. “Is it...is it okay if I call you that? My mom said you would protect me. I...want you to be my father if that's okay.”
He's almost got himself worked up to just that. He needs whiskey and pronto. He even stands up on shaky legs, working himself up to taking a step, when he gets the shit scared out of him by a knock on his door. He doesn't answer.
The slow, steady path of Cas’ fingers along his flesh is lulling him, and he drifts off for a moment. He doesn't know of how much time has passed when his thoughts wake him again, but Cas is patiently waiting for him to continue.
“Cas, I need you.” Dean's voice is pleading, his arms pull him closer, an iron-like grip. “Please don't go.”
Cas tilted his head slightly, eyes squinting in that way they did that made Dean smile. “I was in Purgatory approximately three months.”
His angel dove into him. Starting with Dean's temples, he kissed everywhere: his forehead,his eyelids, his nose, pausing at his mouth to kiss him long and slow as his hips undulated against Dean's, sending sparks of pleasure firing down his legs and out through his fingertips, Dean's arms wrapped tightly around his back and up over his shoulders. He kissed and sucked down Dean's neck to his chest, where he gave precise attention to each of his nipples, biting, then soothing the burn with his tongue. Dean pressed his head into the mattress, arching into Cas' skilful mouth and groaning embarrassingly with every pass of his tongue. Dean's breathing grew ragged as Cas moved further down, his stomach sliding rhythmically against Dean's rigid erection was making the hunter’s eyes roll into the back of his head, the wetness seeping out of his cock smearing all over his belly. Cas slid down further to reach Dean's navel, plunging his tongue inside. Dean surged his hips forward, losing control.
Mr. Winchester grabbed a stack of papers and started handing them out to the people in the front to pass them back to the others “and this is your syllabus so you know what to expect this year. What you will be working on.”
"I am going to need you in me," Dean begged, letting his hands fall from Cas "I can't last too much longer."
"Cas" Dean barely breathed out. His body wanted to collapse, he felt like he was suffocating. He felt sick. He needed to move and get to Sam.
Castiel didn’t hear of this Mr. Winchester ether.
“Cas, you need to go to the nurse.” Charlie suggested seriously. He didn’t look okay.
Luckily Cas isn’t a loner. He does have amazing friends. His best friend is a lesbian named Charlie, who have been friends since Kindergarten sharing crayons. The two of them also hang out with goofy Garth, who carries around a sock puppet named Mr. Fizzles, and Advanced Placement Kevin.
“You will” She laughed, getting out of the car.
"Meg," Her name rolled off Castiel's tongue like a bad taste.
He watched Dean slowly move into Castiel’s personal space as he placed a hand on the back of Castiel’s neck. Oh, the sensation Cas was feeling already.
Cas didn't know where else to go and this was his husband "Okay, we can try it out."
Channing seemed to agree “Absolutely.” She grabbed his arm, so he wouldn’t lose his balance to walk down two long hallways where his homeroom was.
Dean looked at to the duffle bag "I brought you some clothes."
"So, I want to verify a few things about us." Castiel said stepping out of the elevator first.
That comment had Cas whip his head towards the redhead “What? No! Sure, okay I admitted he is good looking, but crush no absolutely not.” He was becoming awkward, fiddling with his trench coat sleeve.
“Wait” he announced to Charlie during homeroom “So why are you taking Mechanics with me?” he didn’t think it would be a class she would take, but it wasn’t one he would ether.
“Okay!” Cas was about to get into Dean’s car! “why not?”
Dean Winchester
He sighed; he knew this "no kidding."
That wasn't something Dean wanted to hear, "You kissed Meg?" he tried not to sound mad about it.
The friends didn't notice nor hear Cas walk in knowing the code now, so from the angle it looked like they kissed "Dean?" which confused the hell out of him. If Charlie is a lesbian why are they kissing?
"Yes, I am" Cas nodded, if that's what they ordered then sure
Charlie brought them ice cream, giving Cas his double chocolate, Dean his cake batter, while she got herself chocolate chip mint.
Walking out in the hallway, Dean and Sam were where she left them "I thought everything was okay?" Sam questioned her.
"No? I'm leaving!"
of having your
"Too soon for what?" Cas asked confused.
A few moments later, even though to me, it felt like hours, she heard her friend Doctor Dorian tell her, "Just one last push, Charlie. Can you do that for me?"
“How was culinary?” Castiel decided to ask his friend.
"Bother me?" Cas sounded offended "I was worried about you all day. I want to help you please talk to me."
“Yeah I know and I suck” Cas rolled his eyes, besides all the people who hate Cas were on the other team. He would be their target.
Meanwhile Cas wasn't scared or sad or mad, confused is the only way to put it. Try waking up thinking one thing and people are telling you something else. He found a mirror in the bathroom to see he looked older and his hair wasn't as black as he remembered it being.
Castiel was staring straight ahead at the south entrance needing a moment to silently pray to the angels if anyone was listening up there, so that he could have a better day than he expected. Castiel exhaled deeply not wanting to step through those halls “Keven and Garth should be here by now” walking up those marble steps and towards their lockers which were placed next to one another being in the same homeroom together.
"No, just me" Dean felt a little taken back by this question, not expecting this, but answered anyway letting Cas step out first when the doors opened.
"Nope," Steve forced himself to swallow it, tasting like mango.
"What's the code?" Cas wanted to know for the future.
"I'm alright, Cas just..." He felt Cas grab his hand as he looked up to look into those blue eyes of his. He took a deep breath in and exhaled before his tone turned serious "There is something I need to tell you and ask."
“Castiel?” Charlie questioned, seeing that he wasn’t answering her. She let go of him slightly, so he could lean against the locker that was near Channing’s.
Once she walked off to go find her own seat and sit down waiting for what she ordered, the next person walked up. Out of all the people who lived in this town and come in here day after day, Castiel never expected to see a new face he saw just a few hours ago.
Cas looked at him confused "If this is ours then you should sleep in here. I don't want to kick you out of your own bedroom. I don't remember it" he'd feel bad.
Humming to song ‘Revenge’ that was now stuck in his head, Castiel took out two bowls to pour Charlie some Lucky Charms and himself some Cinnamon Toast Crunch, waiting for the Keurig to finish their coffees.
"Do you hear yourself?" She argued "Dean is a man. You are saying you love a man!"
Then Cas realized something "Wait why do I even care? I have Dean, who I'll never leave. You are nothing to me, so you better hope I never see you again. Bye, Meg."
"Go about your daily routine," as Charlie would tell any amnesia patient "go down memory lane it will help you remember."
She noticed Dean's expressions. Something was wrong. "I wanted to stop by see how everything was going. I haven't talked to Cas since yesterday morning and Sam just told me that you two had a fight."
“If that’s what you think” Castiel laughed “Now let’s get up”” patting her shoulder “you slept long enough”
No memory came back "No, it's feels familiar though."
Dean had to take a deep breath in to control himself. He wanted to punch her so bad. "We are done here. I mean it, stay away from Cas, you evil demon."
Sam could clearly tell he did, he gets it, being away from Eileen a little less than an hour and he misses her, but separation is a good thing in healthy relationships. "I can see that. He will be back before you know it."
Dean cut him right off “Really, Cas relax.”
From his action, Cas gasped slightly as he felt my heart stop from inside hum. This is it? His eyes becoming watery, almost blurry.
“That’ll be $4.50, mam” Castiel rang up her order.
"Oh yeah" Of course he was "I was scared you'd say no."
Cas hesitated, but slowly nodded giving her the green light. Meg went in for it roughly, grabbing onto the back of his neck to pull him in close, crushing their lips together.
"How can she help you remember when you haven't seen her in nine years?" Dean's voice raised slightly.
That made her chuckle "You have forgotten all of your memories with him that's not meant to be."
Cas nodded slightly.
"Hey Jo," Dean greeted her "Jo, this is one of our good friends, Jo."
"Will you love and honor each other as husbands for the rest of your lives?"
"Really? That's great, Cas" Well shit, Dean wasn't expecting that but was thrilled "about memories coming back, so okay does that mean we don't have to see her ever again?"
Cas sighed before asking him what he wondered for the rest of the period “Would I be able to come here 0 period on Monday to work on the machine so I do not fall behind.”
"So just you after Meg?" Cas was confirming this.
"I'm sorry" Now that Cas had time to think it over, he felt bad that he causes that "I didn't mean to upset him."
“Who is driving?” Dean questioned her.
"You'll be okay," leading her towards the front door.
“It is a 78 Lincoln Continental Mark V” Cas even liked the color because it matched his trench coat.
"Don't make the same mistake" His mom crossed her arms not believing they were basically having the same conversation "Meg is good for you. Anthony is not. You're not gay, stop this fantasy!"
"Yes, you do," Dean breathed out sadly, feeling as if he was just hit by a truck.
The very next day, Dean was the first one awake making breakfast: waffles for Cas. He would've made some Sam and Eileen, but they already left for work.
Castiel just knew he was going to be the one getting hit “I’ll be the first knocked out”
Cas turned around to him "What?"
After a while, he wanted fresh air going out for a walk since he can't drive, maybe get something to eat for lunch stopping into a cafe looking at the menu "can I have a....?"
Dean:
He sat up glancing at the radio before looking back at his brother “Dude, Asia?”
"What is worse?" this version of Cas didn't know the situation.
“Mhmm, yeah.” Castiel plainly answered her, he knew not to tell her about this dream even if wanted to because he knew she would flip out and get all excited about it. “my nose just hurts a little bit.” He wasn’t lying in a way, the pain didn’t magically go away the next day, it did still hurt.
"Ready?"
want to I can't
"Oh no!" Her head snapped in his direction. It was nice of him, but there was no need "You don't have to do that."
What is the
"Can I kiss you?" Cas was now standing in front of him, their eyes locked "I mean we are married we should be able to...."
"Right" that was one thing Dean actually forgot.
Taking in the sight, Cas started walking towards the corner of the street to get home.
“I get it, I want to see Dorothy.” Charlie really liked this girl and only saw her five days a week, just shy to go up and ask her out. Well, she is unsure of what Dorothy’s sexuality is. “You want to see that hottie one more time before Monday.”
"I have a usual?" Castiel been in here before "I'll take that"
So, I can't
“Do you think its too early to be thinking about asking Jess to marry me?” Sam blurted out.
Dean:
All we need is
That didn't mean anything to Cas "I want to remember him and little by little I am. Given time I will remember him fully. That man loves me and I can see why I loved him back." Cas was confident.
She had more to complain about yet Cas cut her off "It's my life. I don't want to be like you." She was an obgyn doctor "I like to draw and create things. I'm good at it."
"It's beautiful, I love it, De" It fit perfectly and it looked perfect, meant for his finger.
Feeling his presence around, Dean looked up from his phone watching Castiel place down his coffee and pies “Hope you enjoy it, Dean”
“No this is my family’s bar if you remember” Dean explained “I help out sometimes.”
Dean didn't bother to answer as he ran off to the elevator. Sam on the other hand gave the nurse a small smile with a "thank you" before running after his brother.
"You don't know that" Dean sighed
After Charlie was dropped off and he parked his car in the driveway, Castiel took a nice and quiet walk finding himself at work. ‘Coffee with the Collins’ is the name of the shop he worked eat. It’s not too big and not too small. It was a nice shop with wooden chairs, wooden booths with red cushions on them, red couches against the walls, walls with pictures of different places all around the world hung up, and a marble counter top with lots of delicious scones, cookies, pies, and muffins. The wall behind the counter had two white boards. One of them had quotes that change every month. The manager has each employee write quotes. She thought it would be a nice thing to do as we find customers do read them. The quote I wrote this month was by JK Rowling “It’s our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.” The other board was the menu of all the types of coffees and foods we serve. This place does make good business. You could say it was almost like a real life ‘Central Perk’ we had our regular who hung out using their laptops and/or read as they enjoyed what they ordered. The Job wasn’t glamorous, but I was good enough for a student trying to make some money even if it wasn’t a lot. Besides Castiel liked the smell of freshly brewed coffee.
Dean's heartbeat was beating so fast seeing Cas beginning to lean in forward. Dean grabbed onto his husband's waist, leaning in as well. They were like magnets ready to connect. Dean gently pressed his lips to Castiel's causing him to take a sharp intake of breath. He didn't fight him, melting into the kiss as if it was their first kiss...well for Cas it was. Cas kissed him back slowly savoring the soft and warm texture of Dean's lips. Sparks exploding in every color soaring through every inch of his strong big body, it was almost intoxicating.
"Clarence!"
She gave him a warning "Don't you dare throw me in!" She meant it when she said she liked being dry.
Dean got out all the food, handing Cas his burger.
"Proud? It's disgusting! Dean is an abomination. If you want to ruin your life leave then no son of mine is gay!"
"Yes" Cas felt sick and it wasn't because he was seeing them together. He could care less, but seeing the sight of Crowley in person after what he put Dean.
"I am okay with that"
"Oh hey, Meg" Cas greeted her politely.
Meg didn't leave his side "Do you want to walk around? Are you busy? Is Dean here?" She looked around to see if there was any sight of him.
"That I will do later." Cas for sure will "let me just go to the bathroom."
"It just is," He couldn't explain it, yet he knew one thing and that was he shouldn't have come here "I have to leave. I should leave."
Dean:
"Benny, what the fuck?" Dean was out with his friend as he spotted Cas with that bitch who he thought he would never see again.
Castiel look two Advil’s this morning hoping that it will subside the pain soon. He didn’t really like taking off of school, he didn’t want to make up for missed work. Sure, school was Hell for him, however he loved to learn and his school work was more important that ass wholes who try to ruin his day. “I will be okay. I will just rest later when I get home. If I can’t handle the pain at some point, I will go to the nurse.”
"Trying hard to impress?" Cas grinned
Garth pulled out his little friend “Are you sure cause Mr. Fizzles can sense when you’re being a LIIIIARRRRR!”
Benny turned to her acting as innocent as she was "Oh blondie, I didn't see you there" before shooing her off "go away."
"She is a liar," Oh this fucking bitch was unbelievable "you shouldn't be around her."
"How could I do that?" Cas laughed, Meg joining in "Do you honestly think I'd stay with you? I may not remember you, but I'm sure I only used you to see if I really was gay. You repulsed me. I figured you'd figure that out besides in bed with you I thought about Meg the whole time. It was the only way to help me get off. How could I love a man's body when a woman's body is so beautiful? I mean look at her" Cas smiled at the girl "and her pussy I mean goddammit" he didn't give any warning to anyone placing his fingers into her vagina lips causing her to moan, grabbing onto him for support.
Hours of hearing ding after ding after ding with people walking in while Castiel was taking peoples orders and pouring coffee. Once in a while he would check his phone to go on Facebook seeing what people posted just trying to occupy my time before he gets to go home and relax. He wasn’t paying too much attention to the people who walked in until they got the counter.
She moved here
Cas had an answer “Just like you I needed another elective and it seemed like a challenge, so I figured give that a try, I didn’t feel like taking art, or crafts, things like that too easy.”
“Oh yeah, I’ll definitely going.” Castiel did get the message and answered Kevin back, playing a fun game like D&D is a good way to get his mind of things “Don’t you have work?”
“Hey, Cas!”
“Exactly,” Dean threw up an arm “besides REO Speedwagon?”
Cas was pretty much in pain unable to breathe through his nose at the moment, never expecting a ball to actually get him right in the face.
Cas was pretty upset that Dean was acting a bit off today.
"So, we are married?" Castiel wanted to get things straight again, now that he had time to process.
"Out" Cas didn't look back
Tony closed the full load a dishwasher pushing the start button. "I guess we are having a brother's night in then? I ordered two large pizza's and was going to watch a movie."
"Good to hear" Dean commented
"Hey De." Cas greeted Dean.
Pace slow at first, Dean pushed the head of the throbbing cock back and forth for it to slide in and out, thumping against his throat.
“Oh talk?” Castiel wondered
Castiel tried to brush it off, he had no idea who that man was or if he would even see him again. “I am good, I just saw something I guess it’s nothing.”
"And" Meg had something to say "he doesn't have to do everything with you."
A joyful smile appeared on his face watching Charlie’s eyes shoot open from the loud sound traveling through her eardrums. Her top half shot up in bed.
"You don't know?" Dean wondered confused.
"You need a little bit of a trim I used to do it all the time" Meg reminded him of more memories.
Eileen looked up seeing that Sam noticed something, she turned to see Cas and Dean "Hey Cas, I am so happy to see you."
Dean had to get something out "You don't have to say it back, but I love you"
When he got to Castiel, he didn’t realize he was standing in front of him. Castiel was in such a daze until he felt a kick to his chin from Charlie “Ow!” He did a little jump off my seat front from the impact “oh right sorry” taking the papers from him to pass back.
Castiel didn’t mind it, really “You can call me Cas or Cassie or Castiel…” even though he was used to being called Cassie from her.
"Would you mind taking this to the bedroom?" Dean suggested, already turned on. Cas did say he didn't want to stop.
Dean looked up at his lover to meet his eyes filled with lust, dilated largely.
"Alright," Cas couldn't help to let out another yawn "love you"
Dean was already squirming under him, moaning out his name "Cas" sliding his hands up to his hips, but not stopping there. He took a turn downward to be placed on his ass, giving it a nice squeeze.
Castiel rolled my eyes at her. It meant absolutely nothing! “Shut up he is being nice. I am going to go clean some tables” He grabbed a rag and went back out where the customers were trying to distract myself from the man sitting in the corner. Cas cleaned off the crumbs and mess people leave behind humming along to the Billy Idol song that was filling the place.
"Are you seeing anyone?" It was a random question that came to Castiel's mind since he was apparently married to Dean.
Dean shot back "Other than our marriage?" his voice slightly rising, seeing that Cas didn't take off the ring.
The dream didn't sit well with Dean at all. It was bothering him to his very core. Why did he have a dream like that? He barely talked to Dean or even Sam that morning, barely focused on work, so he ended up home working on Baby in the garage.
“Ok” and he took off, strumming along to a ACDC song that was playing. It was on low volume from when Dean turned it down offering Cas a ride.
"How do I believe you?" Cas would love to know "She told me you broke us up and you're the manipulative one!"
“Cassie?” Charlie tried
Cas shrugged "Great minds think alike that's why" before going back at screwing the pieces together
And it was all over.
Everything else was done: the walls were painted a light blue with blue curtains put up on the windows, the changing table was against the wall, a whole wardrobe in the closet was ready, stuffed animals were placed around the room, and a very comfortable rocking chair that Charlie was seated in with feet up cuddling a life-sized Mickey Mouse.
“Hey” Kevin was the first to greet him back
I'm Cas
Dean was in his kitchen filling up the dishwasher that he has been putting off for a while as the dishes piled up in the sink, waiting to hear the doorbell ring, so he could eat some pizza.
"Dean" Castiel's face cringed feeling pain pass through his head out of nowhere.
"No" Cas would be the first she would tell "This girl I'm seeing agreed to keep it a secret to see if it's going to go somewhere and I feel like it is starting to, I really like her."
Dean jumped a little from the touch, seeing his husband standing above him.
“I am with you of course I’ll like it” Cas blurted out not meaning to.
He nodded "yeah 'll go do that."
"Exactly, so you like him?" Sam quizzed him
I'm okay I'm at the hospital
"I love you too."
"You have a better idea?" Dean shot back with a smile.
Sam didn't hesitate to turn around, walk out and find her.
Cas stopped in front of her "You're seeing someone?"
Cas liked that he did feel cooped up however where could he go? "And do what and go where?"
Cas could feel wet tears falling from his eyes "Yes, Dean I'll marry you." he didn't even hesitate there was no possible other answer to that question.
Dean plainly said "No"
“Yea, Castiel is a bit of a mouthful, mind if I call you Cas?” Dean wondered
“Thanks for the offer” It was nice of him too offer Castiel had to admit “but I don’t live that far away I-” that was true that’s why Cas usually just walked myself to work.
Dean opened the door, not stepping inside just yet "After you."
After class, Castiel tried to hurry out of the room with Charlie, but he was stopped
Cas sighed, feeling the pain subsiding "Meg, I guess seeing her over there had something click in my head."
Mechanics – Mr. Winchester Rm 010 (Basement) (With Charlie)
It made Cas feel weird. Dean seemed so loving, caring, and kind..now she's saying these things?
"Hello," Dean greeted with a smile.
“What?” she questioned back
Charlie watched him turn to her smiling, but she shook her head "I prefer being dry"
~~~Flashback~~~
Channing still thought it was her fault “Yeah you should have stayed home I didn’t expect to see you here. I am so sorry, Cassie.”
Castiel didn’t even seem too surprised “So you are taking it just so you can stare and maybe flirt with Dorothy?” he knew she kind of had a thing for her.
Dean sat at the end of the table with Cas next him.
"Thanks"
“Okay Crowley you can be the blue team” the teacher didn’t bother to argue, he didn’t even car “Anyone else?”
"Just a man and his will to survive" Dean was already so far gone, into the song "So many times it happens too fast" Scratching an itch on his arm, he got up to sit on the roof of the car fixing his shirt in the process.
"Okay"
“Continue!” Charlie urged on waving her hands. That couldn’t be the end of it.
Ah Cas understood "Like reading your favorite book for the first time"
"Oh, and I was here because of Meg?" Cas figured.
Castiel barely could take his eyes off him as he informed him “it’ll be $8.50” watching his teacher dig into his wallet for the eight dollars and fifty cents. “I’ll get it to you shortly, Mr. Winchester.”
It took one second for Dean’s green eyes to leave the screen and make their way up to Castiel. “What’s up, Cas?”
“You scared me there a little bit” Charlie commented “Are you okay? Your face is red. Do you need to see the nurse already?”
"Okay?" Wanting Dean to elaborate a bit more.
“Are you?” Castiel quizzed back
Cas got slightly worried now, everything was going amazingly today, what changed? "Is everything okay?"
“Yeah I guess so” he smiled towards Castiel.
“Holy fuck! Shit!”
"It's fruitless, Dean. There's no getting out of this deal for me."
Cas’ face nearly split in two at that. “Good,” he said, “Gabriel would be pissed after all the work he did.”
The cautiously elated hunter can't help but touch Cas every chance he gets as they make their way into the bunker: holding his arm steadily as he needlessly helps him out of the car, his hand placed loosely in the small of Cas’ back as they walk to the door. It doesn't go unnoticed by his perceptive brother, but Dean can't find it within him to care.
Please don't forget the comments. They provide me with a well balanced diet and nutrients to keep writing!
Suddenly there's banging on the door, and the whole goddamn room seems to vibrate with it. It stops as suddenly as it started, so Dean rushes to try to figure out what the hell is going on here.
"What's going on with-- nothing, I mean… I'm fine." Dean looks over at Cas again, who now has his head tilted to the side. It's all Dean can do not to throw the remote across the room and/or grab the angel by the lapels of that goddamn trench and kiss him senseless. He does neither. Instead, he scrubs a hand over his face, fakes a yawn, and fumbles to his feet. "Sorry, guys, I'm just… I'm just tired." He points a thumb towards the hallway. "I'm gonna go hit the hay. And Sammy?" Sam looks up at him, doe eyes on full alert, and he cringes internally. Still, Dean continues, "I really am sorry, man." Sam's eyes widen a fraction, he looks away briefly and then back at his big brother. His mouth quirks, like he wants to smile at the sentiment, but he just nods quickly in response.
Fingers. Dean feels fingers. Hundreds of them everywhere, all over his body. Kneading, massaging, feeling every inch of him. He feels unsteady on his feet; he wavers, but he's held up by a force he can't explain. His nipples harden by phantom thumbs; nails that aren't there scrape down his back; his lips swell from kisses that haven't happened since he closed his eyes, and ethereal hands grip onto his ass.
“I… when mom left,” he feels the fingertips on his back falter for a second before continuing back to their slow, rhythmic movements. “She told me she loved me. And I couldn't, I couldn't even say it back to her.” There isn't much emotion to his tone, just slow, lazy words.
"What?"
Dean Winchester… doesn't really want him gone, but the surface feelings are overwhelming him, and in this moment, he wants to obey those harsh words. But The Entity was clear. Castiel won't be taken until he's truly happy; something the angel muses may never happen. Therefore cursed, miserable and melancholy seem to be his legacy.
It's okay, Cas, e-everything is okay." He holds his hands up. He grips the paper tighter, the sound catching Cas's attention, and his eyes shift to it.
"I want… I
“I know I said I didn't wanna talk about it, and I still don't, really, but could you tell me again what you told me before? Ya know, about me not losing you again.”
Cas frees himself from the remainder of his clothes and shoes, and stares at Dean with a devilish glint in his blue eyes that makes the hunter hungry as absolute hell...for something
I care about them."
“Freak me out.”
“Oh, whatever.” Dean’s tone is that of a petulant teenager, and that angers Castiel even more because it makes him think of Jack. He clenches his fists, not for the first time today, and spins on his heel to leave.
“No, he doesn’t, and
Maybe he'd offer to fix it too, in his grumpy, I-don't-have-time-for-this-shit,-Cas-learn-how-to-drive, kind of way. The angel's lips attempt to twitch into a smile at the thought, though they don't quite make it.
"What?!" He stops and looks at Cas finally.
Dean laughs at the angel's candor and opens his eyes to see bright blue staring back at him. He licks his lips again and leans in. He presses his lips against Cas’, but stops. Still slightly open, still breathing, but not moving, just touching. Cas moves first, tilting up slightly to capture Dean's top lip between his own. The angel sucks lightly and Dean clenches his jaw, keeping himself in check. But when he feels Cas’ tongue trace the underside of his lip, he's gone.
Cas huffs a laugh and shakes his head, offering his hand for Dean to lick off whatever’s left, which he happily accepts.
“This is preferable, is it not?” Cas asked, raising a brow.
Dean snorted.
He wants to beg, to say
…God, just another step and Dean would throw himself off that cliff…
“C'mon, man, let's get you changed into something else.”
“Dean.”
“Nothin’s changin’, Cas,” Dean shrugged, shaking his head. “Doesn’t matter if this is weird as fuck and we decide never to do it again, you’re still family, you’re still my best friend, and that ain’t gonna change.”
and finally Cas lets him go and pulls out, and Dean gasps for air as his body is wracked with spasm after spasm. He thinks there’s no possible way he’s actually coming this much, it’s just the pent up energy from the edging. But no, he looks and he’s still steadily shooting streaks of pearly come onto the floor and Cas is watching him like he’s the most beautiful fucking thing on the planet.
He’s not sure how much time has passed but it can’t be long, because when his eyes open again he’s back on his knees which are now screaming with protest, surely bruised by now, and Cas is above him again with his massive hard cock back in his hand. He’s jerking himself and Dean’s eyes widen, watching that beautiful hand clenching around that equally beautiful cock, sliding up and down the shaft and occasionally burying the head before letting it poke back out of his fist, red and leaking.
Dean stopped walking. Branches snapped several yards away, and he pushed Cas behind a bundle of brush, quickly crouching down beside him. Their breaths were shallow, shoulders brushing, the heat of Cas’s thigh against his. A creature passed only feet from them, sniffing the air, thankfully upwind of them.
God help him.
“So?” Dean grunted.
“Better?” he asked softly. He was just staring, waiting for an answer.
“Just...this.” Cas gestured to himself. “Molting, fever, chills. General sickness of its own kind.”
“C’mon.”
“Please stop talking.”
Dean closed his eyes and turned his head. Cas sighed, relaxing his grip only slightly.
“We. Don’t need. Any. Of-”
“Jesus, Cas, you're...uh...just from bein' here?”
“This is why I didn't come,” Cas ground out, jaw clenched.
, his sinful lips halfway parted, his tongue darting out to wet his lips before he speaks.
“With romantic implication.”
Cas did roll his eyes this time. “How many times must you cynically marvel over the amount of years since my creation?”
Dean groaned, closing his eyes and trying to think about anything other than the foreign feeling that he could only describe, currently, as “swamp ass”.
Dean’s breath catches, the beginning of a tearless sob, a rush of excitement. He feels the grace pull him back a little from that edge, letting him teeter, but definitely less forceful than before. So Cas can
He couldn’t say it. He swallowed.
He moves on to unbutton and unzip his pants, and
Dean mumbled to himself as he pushed feathers into a pile at his feet, some small, some up to a foot long, dull black things tinted blue at the ends, some dry enough to flake apart when touched.
“I feel the same way, you know,” he said gruffly, fiddling with the buckle before moving the the top button of Cas’s slacks.
at Dean’s cock isn’t the
Dean opened his eyes and glared at him. “Get on with it, smartass.”
“Sorry,” Cas mumbled against his lips, his hips slowly grinding into Dean’s.
For a beat or two Cas looked like he was going to smile, but he tamped it down, shrugging. “You said men weren’t self-lubricating. Now you are.”
Dean smacks his lips a little, lets his tongue roam his lips and lap up whatever he could reach of Cas’s seed, the mixture of salty and sweet intoxicating. Cas looks down at him, panting and open-mouthed as Dean smiles up at him and has the nerve to wink, the come in his eyelashes making them stick together.
- a Winchester rite of passage, in his book- and damned if it hadn’t been the happiest he’d seen Sam in
Yeah. Dean’s never been the best at gambling.
“Dean-”
“He’ll come for her next,” Cas confirmed, nodding slowly.
you?”
“Dean-”
His cock twitches violently, and he lets out a muffled groan from behind Cas’s hand, his eyes halfway rolling back in his head.
was the last complete thought Cas was able to form as nothingness took him.
Cas sighed and stood slowly, releasing Dean’s wrist. “I offered myself in his place.”
He cries out as the slap snaps his head sharply to the left, and suddenly Cas is in front of him again, and
“You remember when you had me wipe Lisa and Ben’s memories?”
Dean’s energy gives out the same time as everything goes black, and he vaguely feels himself falling forward, his hands shooting out to catching himself at what seems like a much-too-slow pace.
“Dean. Look at me.”
The pressure against his hole intensified as the knot grew, and Dean cried out as he came suddenly between them when it popped past his rim for the last time. Cas let out a low groan and circled his hips, pressing deep while Dean’s hole clenched and unclenched around him.
“I can’t.”
“Do you?”
His heart pounds, his chest aches. He squeezes his eyes shut and marvels at how many tears still manage to escape.
Now that everything is back in order God has no power in the Empty, so of course Jack is unable to help. But there is one thing Dean can’t seem to forget: it’s still possible to summon the Empty to Earth. And while the bunker surely doesn’t have anything of the sort- the Men of Letters assumed angels and demons also departed to Purgatory- Dean has a good idea who might.
Cas sat up a little in his chair, wincing and letting out a small groan. It took Dean a minute to realize that he was trying to take off his jacket, and he snapped out of his daze to help him. He dropped it to the floor, opting to give Cas's entire outfit a run through the washing machine before he left again.
Dean cocks an eyebrow, opens his mouth to speak, but Cas folds his hand over it, hold him steady as he kneels in front of him. His eyes drop to Dean’s cock and
Cas bites his bottom lip, and Dean knows him well enough to know he’s not even intentionally trying to be sexy, but
“You made out all right, huh?” Dean chuckled, closing his eyes again. He felt Cas huff a laugh against his ear and tighten his arms around him. Another few seconds, a course of warmth through his veins, and all the mess they’d made was gone, save for the lube around Cas’s carefully seated cock that Dean could feel when he squirmed slightly under the angel’s solid weight.
Cas calmly turned his head to look at him. Watching. Waiting.
More happy to come!
Dean nodded and closed his eyes. Of course he knew. They both did. But
His words were cut short when he shivered violently, and Dean took the opportunity to pull his slacks down, backing him into the chair so he could pull them off. Cas held tightly to the armrests and watched him warily, sweat shining on his brow.
He felt him before he saw him, which is a phenomenon that neither of them can quite explain, just an overwhelming feeling of presence that feels like it’s wrapping Dean in a cocoon of static electricity.
Cas stared at him for a solid few seconds before the corner of his lips finally quirked, and his eyes softened. “Never.”
“What?”
Jack and Sam’s eyes met and Jack shrugged innocently. Sam furrowed his brow and turned in his seat, laying an arm flat on the table. “It’s just feathers, Dean. Cas told us he’d be molting. Apparently it happens to angels from time to time.”
If only he had. He always thought no love was better than love lost...but now he wonders if that’s true. Because right now, it feels like even a day of loving Cas, Cas loving him, is worth anything. He’d
The grace is back, pushing, pushing,
Cas was losing. He was pinned to the ground, barely holding the leviathan at bay, whose ridiculous Pacman-meets-Alien teeth snapped just inches from Cas's throat. Dean didn't waste time swinging the blade this time, either. The thing's head flew off and tumbled across the forest floor, leaves crackling in its wake. The body went limp on Cas's, the blood soaked through his clothes, drops coating his face and neck.
Dean blinked and shook his head. “Okay. What does that mean for you?”
“It’s where I-” Dean swallowed hard, tears welling in his eyes again until he blinked them away.
Cas sighed softly, slowing the movement of his hips, moving the hand from Dean’s chest to grip his chin tightly. He turned Dean’s head, and Dean slowly looked up at him, meeting his gaze for a heated moment before Cas pressed their lips together. Cas picked up his pace again, the two of them panting into one another’s mouths, tongues touching, teeth grazing. Cas’s forehead was hot against Dean’s, way warmer than a normal person should be at any given point in time.
“I didn’t...want to give you another reason to shut me out.”
Eileen is waiting at the bunker when they get back.
“I’ve never, uh...really been the romantic type or anything, but…”
“What?”
“Dude, you ever, uh...just try masturbating? Wouldn't that help the symptoms or whatever?”
,” Cas said weakly, going rigid as he held out a hand.
“Cas-”
He never should have made this bet. Subconsciously, he knew he would lose. Perhaps that’s why he made it. Always the glutton for punishment.
does his own cock love that, twitching violently between his legs, aching painfully.
Cas just frowned at him, tilting his head.
That is, assuming Cas had a soul, which he continually insisted he did not.
"Lox...didn't think you ugly bastards would still be living." Dean smirked, entirely more confident than he felt. Cas was close by, their knuckles occasionally brushing as they both surveyed their threats. Dean bristled. It'd be easier to feel brazen and cocky if he wasn't so goddamn worried. "You just won't be happy 'til we kill you, huh?"
Cas stood there for a moment, finally half shrugging. “What now?”
“Yes, but you're
it and
, dammit.”
Dean stopped hard and spun on his heel, setting his jaw. “What do you want me to say, Cas? ‘Oh, nice night we’re havin’? I don’t care where we are, long as it’s together?’”
Dean ducked under a cluster of thick branches. “Who?”
Dean clicked his tongue. “I’m gonna go call Sam.”
Only seconds more passed before Cas felt the creeping cold seep into his bones, the hiss of ghost-like movement. A voice chuckled softly, darkly, from far away, the laugh growing louder as blackness swallowed the corners of his vision.
“Where the hell is he, anyway?”
They finally located the fields and Cas picked one of the ugly- and quite frankly, phallic- tentacle-shaped blossoms, immediately turning and motioning to Dean. They started back at a brisk walk, as the forest began to darken around them.
He was definitely hard. The outline of his cock pressed against the fabric, jutting out far enough that it wasn't subtle. Dean swallowed, his throat dry.
And the crazy thing was that all of it worked, the three of them hunting together, watching each others’ backs...but all Dean could think about was Cas. How Cas should be there with them. Wondering where the hell he was, if the dumb son of a bitch was okay, how many days it’d take to get to him if he was in Michigan, Texas, Wyoming...he’d worked them all out in his head.
I want you too, and I’m on board for this. It’s...not exactly how I imagined, but uh, you need it, and...truth is, I’d rather us do this now than you needin’ to do it with someone else.”
Dean nodded. They started to walk again, another few minutes in silence, before Dean spoke.
think of it. It was just weakness now.
The line of Cas’s shoulders went rigid.
“While I’m not opposed, unfortunately that won’t help my current situation.”
“I, uh…” Dean cleared his throat again, and Cas pulled back as much as he could with his knot still swollen inside. Dean reached up the bed, wincing at the slight pull against his rim, and slid his hand under his pillow. There was a small box, unwrapped, tied with a small piece of twine Dean found in one of the kitchen drawers. He handed it to Cas, avoiding the angel’s gaze as he spoke.
“She had me kill you. Hundreds of you. Thousands of you. I had to kill you, over and over and over again, until I couldn’t feel anything anymore.”
for him. The sheer enormity of it, how vast and endless, unconditional and pure.
Cas didn't look at him as he brushed himself off, wiping the final smear of blood from his chin. Without another word, he tucked the blossom into his trench coat, grabbed Dean's hand, and they stepped through the portal together. They stumbled back into the comfort of the bunker and the portal crackled and snapped closed behind them. There was only silence now, the ambiance of the old librarian’s lights, the low buzz of the generator. Cas looked around, sighing again, and tossed the blossom onto one of the tables.
Dean considered making a snarky comment, but he kept his mouth closed and nodded.
Cas looked at him again, as if this was general knowledge every normal person knew. “Yes, also the same as the canid mammals on Earth. I'm currently in an unmated rut with no one to-” he coughed and shivered. “It doesn't matter. It will pass. It always does.”
“Dean-”
Cas kneels again, his eyebrows drawn together again, this time in interest. “So you denounce yourself in regard to the bet? You believe I can make you come without touching you?”
something, dumbass.”
if Cas just
Cas furrowed his brow and cocked his head to the side. He reached up, wrapping a hand around Dean's wrist.
Cas’s breath hitched when Dean grabbed the base of his cock, stroking it awkwardly between them.
Cas was scruffy and dirty and gasping and Dean’s heart was in his throat.
“Let me be perfectly clear, Dean. We have been in this room for 4 hours, 9 minutes, and 22 seconds. For that amount of time I have kept you here, naked and on the brink of orgasm without even touching you.” He catches Dean’s eyes and holds his gaze. “Know this. I could have caused you to orgasm before we even entered this room.”
Dean paused, frowned. Wheels turned, Cas’s face softened, and the pit in Dean’s stomach rose and evolved into a lump in his throat.
, Cas.”
“I’ve waited...a long time for this,” Cas said slowly, voice barely above a gruff whisper.
Dean opened and closed his mouth, and again, then pressed his lips and knit and eyebrows together tightly. He spun on his heel and took off the direction they were originally headed, fists clenched at his sides.
“We aren’t done talking,” Dean shot back, but Cas was already up and moving again. Dean scrambled after him, gripping his knife at his side, scanning his peripherals. “You can’t just...walk away because you think the conversation is over.”
“Were you...you were just going to leave one day? Or...I don’t know, laugh at a joke or feel good about solving a case or-”
Dean chewed his lip. “Amara. She...she knew. She used you to get to me. Used you to make me come for her.”
sinking further inside. The veil of grace lifted just enough for Dean to feel the stretch, the fullness, and his breath hitched when Cas pressed him into the mattress, fully sheathed.
“Yeah,” Dean chuckled softly, “uh, for awhile now. And...after seein’ you- or, I guess, who you would’ve have been had I not become who I am now- it, uh...makes me realize how far we’ve come. How important we are to each other.”
“Whatever that means,” Dean snorted, standing and laying the back of his hand against Cas’s forehead before the man can stop him. His jaw practically dropped when the intense heat registered, and he dropped to his knees in front of Cas again, his other hand grabbing his shoulder and shaking him lightly.
“The hell’s goin’ on with you, man?”
Cas turned the box over in his hand, frowning down at it.
Dean’s cock was trapped between them, surrounded by the warmth of their bodies, slicked with sweat, the friction of their bodies pushing him closer and closer to release. He tried to muffle his sounds against Cas’s lips, into his neck, his shoulder, but they only spurred Cas on, encouraged harder, deeper. Like he was trying to crawl inside Dean’s body, his mind, his soul. He hooked his arms around Dean’s shoulders, pushing deep, body writhing against him, snapping his hips hard enough to bury the swelling knot with each thrust.
Cas’s mouth formed a small “o” and he pressed his lips together again. He frowned. “Here?”
"Wouldn't be so sure," Dean responded breathlessly, his weapon in front of him defensively, ready for the next attack. Instead, another leviathan hit him from behind, knocking him to the ground, and the knife flew out of his reach. He heard another scream as his knees hit the forest floor and pain shot up his thighs. A body hit the ground with a thud, and while Dean didn't have the opportunity to look, he hoped to God it was any of them but Cas.
“And Eileen-”
“Yes.”
Dean gritted his teeth and shot him another glare before turning and starting again. Leaves crunching. Branches snapping. He could feel Cas close behind him.
He leaves them like that, giving them their privacy for the reunion he knows they both want and need to have. He hasn’t seen Sammy this happy since- well, he’s
“I can’t leave you here not knowing what’ll happen to you!”
Dean opened his mouth to argue, closed it again. Point taken.
Hopefully this makes sense because I just fuckin wrote and didn't think too hard about any of it...anyway it is unedited so if there's anything glaring let me know. Don't look too hard at plot shit...never been good with spells, etc. It's kinda dumb but the important thing is Dean and Cas so focus on that :D
Dean leaned in and, before he could think too much about it, pressed their lips together hard. He felt Castiel’s fingers tangle in one of the sleeves of his shirt, his muscles clench under Dean’s hands, the tenseness in his lips melt away after the initial touch.
He trailed off as Cas pulled the twine loose and opened the box, revealing the old mixtape he’d made months ago. It was a regular pain in the ass, and a CD would have been much easier, but cassettes always held a special place in Dean’s heart. Cas deserved the extra effort.
Since the day they’d discovered Chuck’s true intentions, Dean knew this day would come.
Cas’s lips were parted and they brushed against Dean’s when he answered. “Okay.”
It was just the way Cain had said, all those years before. The way it was written. First his friend, then his lover, then his brother.
“Why.”
He thought about making another snarky quip, but Cas looked so...
“Dean.”
“Dean.”
He was still sweating, what Dean would consider profusely for him, since the only other time he’d ever seen Cas sweat was when he was human and sick. He never had a problem meeting Dean’s eyes and now is no exception, but there was worry in his eyes and the hands on Dean’s knees were shaking slightly, the tremors still consistently wracking his body.
“We’ve been walking for hours, killed three vampires and one leviathan, you’re bleeding and it’s getting dark, and...oh! You’ve yet to say one single word to
But it wasn’t fucking okay, because this part was
After a brief struggle, Dean's pressed against leaves and dirt, the weight on his back was lifted completely and Dean jumped to his feet, immediately launching himself at Lox. He unsheathed his backup blade and plunged it into Lox's shoulder as they fell to the ground, the leviathan growling beneath him and clawing at the knife buried in his skin. Dean pressed his palm to the end of the handle, pressing it deeper as he stretched over Lox's head to reach for his Purgatory blade. He gritted his teeth as he moved back, sliding it toward him, and pushed himself to his feet. He raised the blade up and swung- effectively separating the leviathan's head from his body.
“Do you enjoy it when I hurt you, Dean?
Regardless, Cas was kissing him back with the same fervor that stirred Dean into it, and soon they’d stumbled back, Cas grunting lowly as the air was punched out of him when his back hit the firm trunk of a tree. His hands eventually came up, too, holding Dean around his collar, but instead of what should have come next, Cas pushed him away, hands still buried in his flannel.
“Open your mouth, Dean.”
The following weeks in the bunker are more than a little strange. It’s uncharacteristically quiet, which as it turns out, Dean hates. When Sam and Eileen are in their room, on the far hall from Dean’s, he can almost imagine that everything’s the same. That he and Sam have just come back from a successful hunt and Sam’s already asleep, and Dean...he’s in his room, sitting on his bed, trying to convince himself that this is the life he wants. Then he hears Cas’s footsteps in the hall and he knows he’s coming to him, each step closer has his heart rattling his ribcage and tears pricking his eyes and he just up and rushes to the door and pulls it open-
Dean blushed hard. “‘S just a mixtape.”
“Since the beginning, I defied orders for you. I risked my existence for one human, because you inexplicably had this hold over me, and I couldn’t stand to see you hurt or upset, and suddenly instead of concern with disappointing my father, I was afraid to disappoint
how close he is. Interesting.
“Yeah. And see…according to the lore, angel molting is just that…and none of this other stuff.” He flapped a hand at Cas, indicating his feverishness and general rough appearance. “But I did read a small passage about how angels could molt if they had other issues going on, or were in severe distress-“
“Cas, you’re fuckin’ burning up, buddy,” Dean said dumbly, eyes a little wide as he shook his head. “We gotta…I mean, I dunno...gotta get you to a hospital or somethin’-”
and Cas
“Yeah, you never have time.”
“I just keep forgetting how old you are.”
“I understand you’re angry. And if you need to be angry at me, that’s okay. I’m angry too. I’m angry at Michael, at Chuck…” he huffed a laugh, shaking his head, eyes downcast. “At myself. It’s only right I be sent to the place I served my own penance once before.”
Dean had turned a bright red only a few words in, but he scrubbed a hand distractedly over his face anyway. “You sap.”
“We still have free will, Dean-”
The two small bulbs casting low light in the room burst loudly, sending sparks flying and shrouding them in darkness. The feeling that followed Dean could only describe as a super intense healing, a warmth flooding his entire body, spreading outwards, until the tips of his fingers and toes tingled with it. He could feel Cas’s cock still pulsing orgasm into him, twitching against his rim. Cas turned his head to mouth at Dean’s jaw, his neck, until Dean offered him his lips, and Cas gratefully accepted the invitation.
Cas’s eyes flit back up to Dean’s face, and his raises that
“Now c’mon. Get these clothes off me.”
Cas nodded and got to his feet with some effort, the two of them working to relieve him of his shoes, socks, jacket, and shirt. Cas's hands moved to his belt and he paused, pulling his bottom lip between his teeth as he looked down.
Dean’s eyes softened and he reached out to take one of Cas’s hands, giving it a squeeze. “Fuck yes, I’m sure. It’s
Cas shrugged and looked down at the tape in his hand. “Just...thank you. I love it.”
“Fine, then what can?” Dean demanded. “Tell me what the hell is goin' on.”
Dean’s throat constricted and he swallowed through it, suddenly hyper aware of Cas’s cheek pressed against his. He cleared his throat and shifted, and Cas pulled back to look at him, lifting some of his weight. Intense blue eyes met Dean’s, searching, reading, concerned.
“Yeah, and what else is new? We almost die every day.”
Cas looked back at him. His mouth quirked slightly in the corner, gone as soon as it’d come. “I proposed a trade.”
“Look, you want me. That much is clear.” He pointedly looked down, and Cas actually looked flustered. “I’m
“So, uh...does...does that mean…?”
“So maybe...maybe we should go slow, at first.”
and not think. He flattened a hand against Cas’s ribcage, trailing his fingers over skin stretched taut over hard muscle and bone, around to Cas’s abdomen and down to his cock.
“We don’t have to do anyth-”
Dean pressed his lips together and nudged Cas's elbow with his own. "You tried to tell me before and I didn't listen. And...fuck, I'm really sorry, Cas. I really am."
Dean sees Sam and Eileen together and they’re great, complementing one another in a way that just works. He’s never really seen Sammy in love before- certainly not like this- but it looks good on him. He smiles, he laughs...and when he laughs, Dean can still see that snot-nosed kid who always had to be
Dean swallowed and looked away, because looking in those eyes was just
Dean held out his arms with a cheeky grin, and Cas clenched his jaw, meeting Dean’s eyes as he ripped the flannel from his shoulders and pulled the black t-shirt over his head. He hooked fingers into Dean’s waistband and pulled him roughly forward, their chests bumping, noses brushing.
“Cas, what the
Cas faltered. “Your...room?”
Cas narrowed his eyes, rotating his jaw forward.
Dean dragged his teeth over his bottom lip, nodding slightly. He took a few steps forward, reaching up to gently pull Cas’s hands apart, looking down between them as he moved to his belt.
. I’ve never been more sure about anything in my life.”
Dean eyed him closely. “You first.”
,” Cas growled, grabbing Dean's wrist. “Believe me when I say that there is nothing your hospital can do to help me. It would only cause unnecessary chaos.”
“You think Chuck wrote this?” he asked, a little disbelievingly, whispered for just the two of them. “Dean, I can assure you...Chuck didn’t write this. No matter how many different ways he wrote it...none of them were meant to lead to this. Yet they did, in spite of him. It was a constant, through all timelines. Through all universes.”
There was more rustling in the distance and they fell quiet. After moments of rigid silence, Cas relaxed again, sighing softly.
“The fuck did you do to me?”
“It wouldn't have mattered. I don't care to fornicate with anyone I don't have a bond with.”
“No. Although, one might argue that the voicing is less important than the actual feeling.”
“I wasn’t supposed to do a lot of things, Dean. But here we are, and it’s because I love you.”
“Let’s go. We’re almost there.”
He tells them he’s fine. And he’s really trying to be. He smiles and tells them goodnight, that he’ll see them in the morning, makes some crack about keeping the noise down, and retreats back to his room. Back to where he feels closest to Cas, where he feels most like himself. Where he doesn’t have to go through the motions, he can just be
“Right.”
“Dean, wait.”
Cas groans loudly and pushes himself deeper, rocking in and out at a breakneck pace. At this point Dean can’t even breathe anymore; Cas is actually in too deep for him to draw in air, and he knows Cas is going to oblige him, finally,
He was always there.
“Is this...are we…” Dean shook his head, irritated with himself, and closed his eyes. “Are we...together? Now?”
Cas shook his head as Dean pulled back and grabbed him by the wrist, the effort to pull the stubborn angel upright way more than necessary for a man his size.
“Dean, I couldn't-” Cas snapped his jaw closed, squeezing his eyes shut and shaking his head. “Being around you is too...difficult.”
Cas licked his lips and furrowed his brow, crossing a forearm over Dean’s chest and taking his hand with the other. He laced their fingers together, pressing them above both their heads. Then he began to
“Y-yes.”
Cas rolled his eyes. “I’m aware.”
“Is that what you want?”
“You have to leave me this time. Willingly. I won’t return, but it’s better than spending the rest of my existence...or
Cas pressed his lips together and nodded, and Dean jerked his head to the side and arched slightly up off the bed, pushing himself down against Cas.
“Chuck has been punishing me since the beginning. Although I…” he looked around, “I’m not sure, of all the hells I’ve been through, why he chose this one. Naomi’s hell was much, much worse.”
“You will.”
Dean doesn’t even say anything, he just opens his mouth as wide as he can and dammit if that’s still not wide enough, because when Cas pushes in he can feel his lips stretching around him and
It was gradual enough that it took Dean awhile to realize what was happening, and once he did, it came with a ton of questions, none of which he wanted to audibly address.
“The same concept as wolves, yes.” Cas scrubbed a hand down his sweaty face and shuddered violently. “As I was saying before, every millenium or so, the angels' heats and ruts are triggered with the intention of creating new angels. Sometimes the alarm is sounded sooner, in extreme cases...like now, considering the rapidly dwindling amount of angels left in Heaven. Or on Earth, for that matter.”
It’s still overwhelming sometimes, especially when he’s alone, to consider the gravity of Cas’s affection for him. His
“Metaphorically, yes.”
He’s so full of shit, and he knows it. Dean glares up at him.
“I caught my guardian angel when he fell after rescuing my righteous ass from Hell,” Dean singsonged, grinning widely.
Dean wanted to laugh again but he was kind of afraid Cas might smite him for it, so he just pressed his lips together and nodded solemnly. “Right. So...what exactly is the problem? Can't find an...Omega?”
Dean stared at him, then huffed a laugh. “You're tellin' me Chuck activates a species preservation button?”
Cas is hard just watching him and his monstrous cock is bouncing around in there and pressing precome to the front of his pants and Dean wants to literally lick it up, all of it, wants to flatten his tongue to the front of Cas’s pants and lap at them, taste every little bit…
But he couldn’t talk about it now, couldn’t think of it.
Dean spun quickly again and launched himself into Cas, firmly grasping the lapels of his trench coat, and pressed their lips together hard, knocking teeth, pulling him desperately closer. Cas moved with him, and for a few solid seconds they were all tongues and teeth, raw, pure, needy. The stripped-down versions of themselves, the ones they’d become all those years before in this place; the feral, instinct-driven beings Purgatory created.
“Sammy.”
“I was supposed to know he’d kill Mary because he killed a snake?”
“Your mouth is much too pretty to spew such vulgar language, Dean.”
“You must. It’s the only way.”
But once Cas started in with his grace, that feeling of power just soaking through his pores and dancing through his veins, rising and falling with each breath and Dean could almost see it, pushing him toward climax, dangling him over that edge only to laugh and pull him back.
He moans loudly, his thighs trembling hard, cock bouncing with the movement. He feels another bead of precome emerge from the head and he whines, on the verge of another sob. All of his muscles are clenching and he won’t admit it, but the position he’s in is starting to get uncomfortable, unforgiving concrete biting into his knees.
“Do we?!”
“I don’t want to know.”
“Dean-”
His throat was dry but he didn’t look back as he stepped through the portal. Cas was there.
Dean had already turned, but he paused, his shoe scuffing across the tile as he turned back to Cas again. “Yeah. I mean, you don’t sleep anyway, right? No use for a room with a bed.” With that, he headed down the hall, the sound of his shoes on the floor fading with each step.
“Hello, Castiel.”
“Hey, look, it's...” Dean shook his head, waving a hand. “I'm cool, Cas. No judgement or anything, you know? It's...that's, um...it's awesome. I mean, not the whole...” he swallowed hard, “rut thing, or whatever. But you...tellin' me, that's cool, I mean-”
“Um.” Dean looked around the room quickly, chewing his lip. “I don’t...I don’t have any, um. Anything to make this...a little easier.”
Cas full on starts fucking his mouth, assaulting his throat, his hands on either side of Dean’s face as he thrusts into his mouth over and over. Dean is gasping, making those guttural, throaty noises that all the porn stars make whenever they suck dick, only those guys are maybe half the size of Cas, and Dean’s honestly feeling pretty fucking proud of himself because he’s pushing through and he can tell Cas is starting to lose himself a little bit.
Having her eyes follow Steve's finger she noticed an odd shaped cloud that did in fact look like a ship "The Black Pearl" she decided to name it.
Charlie kept her eyes on the road “You weren’t answering me! Is everything okay?”
"That was the best kiss I ever had," Cas expressed honestly, he didn't feel this way when Meg kissed him "I don't think," he kissed him "I want to stop" he kissed him. His body was doing things to him, knowing what this man does to him, that his mind didn't remember.
He pulls the mangled driver's door open with one hand - something no human would be able to do, given the damage to it now - and thinks that if Dean ever forgives him, maybe he'll wonder what happened to it…
said. The pain on the man's face was almost palpable. His eyes suddenly glossed over with what Dean honestly couldn't fathom were unshed tears. He was taken aback momentarily, the gun lowering a fraction before he recovered.
*Dean,” Sam pleads.
As he tossed them in the trash bin close to his bed, he heard Cas clear his throat. “I hope,” he began slowly, as if choosing his words carefully, “this wasn't all from one night.”
"M-Mom?”
Cas pushes Dean's legs apart and lines himself up. He inches into Dean slowly. Dean arches off the bed because it's so... fucking...good. It feels like he's been lubed and opened up for a good fifteen minutes. It's incredible. “This angel grace thing comes in handy, yeah?
for you.”
“I know,” he sighs, his palms scrubbing over his face.
“Cas,” he whispers. Dean's left hand moves from being splayed across Cas’ back to his head. Fingers tangle in the dark brown tendrils, but the angel doesn't seem to care. “Cas,” he says it again, this time a little louder, disbelief clear in his tone.
“Dean?” He hears that familiar, gruff voice and his breath leaves him in a rush. That thing in his chest flutters. But he still doesn't answer. “Are you asleep?” Dean lets out a humorless chuckle at that. Only Cas would ask if he was asleep, expecting him to answer
The sensations are more than he can handle and not enough all at the same time. Their bodies fit together like they were made for this, puzzle pieces that took entirely too long to find each other and realize what they were meant for. He stops Cas's thrusts a few times just to look at him, to stare into those sapphire eyes and lose himself. To kiss him slow and deep. To feel
"When I came back," she begins softly, "you told me it was God's sister, right? The one who brought me back?" He doesn't answer, but his chest tightens at the memory. "And you said that God, or Chuck, had gone off with her for a while." Dean's still just staring, unsure where the fuck this is going. "So he was out of the picture for a while, you'd think, right?" Dean's eyes shift, thinking back. "And- and when I left because I wasn't ready to be the mom you needed--"
he was so fucking beautiful, no wonder Dean had that weird feeling when he looked at him. Even when he didn't think he knew him, Dean knew his
but his face, and he keeps talking.
who understood him. Who was always there for him, save for recently, and he's not sure he'll ever forgive
"Cas, I lo--” he feels his throat close completely on the word.
"We can do this, Cas! We've fought Billie before, we can do it again! Nut up, angel!" he spats, pointing at Cas. The angel only shakes his head, and Dean growls in frustration. "I just can't figure out why she's gone all Freddie Krueger: Scythe Edition, on us. She was supposed to be on our side," he throws his hands up in frustration, pacing as best he can back and forth. "She was helping Jack power up to 'kill God,'" he air quotes.
with Cas? How can he trust any of it? How can he trust
signs, unusual signs; all the while he was praying, and nothing. There’s
Cas smiles, and Dean nearly gives up this facãde of
“Just shut up,” the angel growls, lunging towards him and this time, it’s Castiel who shoves Dean against the wall. He kisses the man so hard, he fears he’ll leave his lips bruised and swollen, but Dean only kisses back harder, his hands flying to Castiel’s hair, fingers tanging, pulling, making a mess of already messy locks, and that’s the last thing the angel cares about. He runs his hands down Dean’s torso, sliding them around to his ass, and squeezes lightly, just a tease, but Dean bucks into him. It’s exhilarating. It sends sparks of heat the angel didn’t even realize were possible through his body, and he reciprocates in kind. He moves his lips to the hunter’s chin, teeth scraping along his jaw. Dean moans; his legs buckle, and Castiel holds him up.
Sam stumbled a little under the weight of his new found, or old found, depending on how you looked at it, knowledge, and Dean and Cas sprung into action, grabbing his elbows to steady him.
"It was Jack," Cas begins, "when he died I went to heaven to get him. Y-You and Sam were here with Lily Sunder, remember?” Dean nods, brows furrowed. "The Shadow, the, uh, entity in charge of The Empty, it-it was after Jack."
anything other than tease. Like big brothers always tease their younger ones.” He paused for a moment, his expression turning serious, blue eyes pained again. “I... was debating whether to come find you. I thought,” he sighed heavily. “I thought maybe your life would be better off never having known me. Everything I've put you through, and Sam, I just…” His words trailed off and Dean was struck dumb by what he'd just heard.
