Love was one mystery he’d never wanted to solve. For Sherlock, facing the supernatural and unraveling the laws of magic seemed simple compared to the mystery that was love. He scooted across the floor, closer to John. He looked so peaceful, curled amidst the cushions, books and random packages. Sherlock shivered, remembering the look of naked desire on John’s face earlier.
“I was afraid that might be the case.”
“I’m really kinda scared. I’m afraid I won’t fit in, or won’t get good enough grades… I know it’s really expensive and Uncle Mycroft must have pulled some strings to get me in. I just don’t wanna disappoint you guys.” Tim looked down, staring at his trainers and trying very hard not to wonder about his Uncle’s sex life.
“No matter
“I… I think so”, he croaked out, his throat raw and hoarse from screaming. He shuddered, trying to shake the memory of the nightmare away. “How is Sherlock?”
case he mentioned, but basically… Sherlock Holmes has seen undeniable evidence of the impossible, ergo Sherlock Holmes thinks the most logical explanation is that he’s gone mad. And that terrifies him.”
“Possible, yes.
“I may have to help, but I’m not obligated to
you feel you have to meet him, but I’m not letting you face the Devil alone.”
“And when was all
to do it. That is a different thing altogether.”
“A date… Is that part of human mating rituals?”
“God, John…”
“Hello, Jim. Time to wake up.” She stared at the grave and clapped her hands together, slowly moving them apart. As she did, the ground in front of her opened up, leaving the coffin exposed. With one slight motion of her hand, the lid flew off, sailing high into the air before landing with a clatter a few dozen meters away. She jumped lightly into the grave, lying on top of the decaying corpse of James Moriarty.
the picture Aunt Martha showed you. I don’t think you were expecting
“That’s not what I meant.”
“No, John. It’s just… mentally tiring. I’ve got a bit of a headache.”
: (23 April, mid-afternoon)
“I just had some questions.”
“Christ. Donovan, get everybody out of here who’s not essential and keep this quiet. No press until we know what we’re dealin’ with here.”
“No, I don’t.” There was no hesitation in her answer.
Sherlock laughed as they returned to the main cabin for dinner. After settling Steven with a saucer of cream and some biscuits, the two began discussing their plans for later in the evening. Sherlock picked at his food, wondering if he’d made a mistake in bringing John to his meeting with the Devil.
Anderson watched as the bee seemed to stare at him for a moment, then shimmered, becoming a tiny, winged humanoid covered in black and yellow fuzz. It suddenly snatched up a piece of biscuit and flew off. Anderson blinked and swallowed hard, not believing the evidence of his own eyes. It had to be a trick; some kind of remote controlled device, though he couldn’t understand how it’d changed shape like that. A moment later, another pair of insect-like creatures appeared. One, resembling a dragonfly, landed in Greg’s palm to grab another bit of biscuit and quickly fly away. The other, a rather menacing-looking wasp woman with an impressively large stinger, landed on Greg’s shoulder. Crouching, it stared at Anderson.
“I do? Because I definably don’t feel like I’ve got this.”
fault you had to do all this.”
It was some time into things before John even realized Sherlock had managed to maneuver himself into being on the top this time. He grinned, thrusting his hips up as he stroked Sherlock’s cock. He decided that he like it. Quite a lot.
“I can’t be held responsible for anything he might feel after, but once he gives his consent, there won’t be any of that during. If it’s any consolation to him, neither of you will fall in love with me. None of my lovers ever has. I used to wonder about that, but I think now one would have to be in love with me before sex.” His voice became soft, filled with longing. “At least, I hope that’s the case.”
“It’s not the same, and you know it. Intuition is acting consciously on what the subconscious mind perceives. Being a Seer is entirely different.” He snorted softly with contempt. “Until I understand how to distinguish fact from fantasy, it’s worse than useless.”
“You weren’t so formal online, Sherlock. Call me Lucifer.” He leaned closer to Sherlock, smiling. “So, tell me, detective, what is your greatest desire?”
, but I didn’t just
your fault, really. He couldn’t have used that particular oath if
“You need to stop this rubbish right now, young man. I’m not to old to give you a sound thrashing.”
“Fine”, He snapped, irritation overtaking his embarrassment.  What he’d really wanted to say was
“Just keep your hands off of him.” John found himself stepping back, despite his determination to stand his ground. It took a great deal of effort to hide his fear. Lucifer followed, until John found himself backed against the door.
“No.”
“If we’ve got the drugs to knock me out, I might be able to drag something useful through the Dreaming.” Anthea sounded frightened but determined. Morpheus would likely punish her for it, but that didn’t matter now. “Morpheus said morphine would work best. Something about sympathetic magic, I think.
dating Mycroft, so we’ve got some stuff in common there. Speakin’ of which, we should probably get back to business.”
“You’ve been
“Oh dear God in Heaven…”, he muttered. “Sherlock…”
, you have to convince him
to lose, because I am the one with the connections to get things done. Sherlock, imagine the chaos this will cause when the general public finds out. We need to find ways to prepare for a number of potential scenarios, but we can’t do that until we understand what we’re dealing with.”
“He likes you. I thought you might do well with them. Steven, can you see any ghosts here?”
have a lot of sex.” Greg grinned. “And he’s hung like a horse.” He laughed, watching John almost choke on his beer.
“I have arranged the amounts you specified. Is there really no way to eradicate them without destroying the lab?” Mycroft sighed unhappily at his younger brother. “There are still a lot of unanswered questions. Once we do this, we’ll lose our chance to investigate why all this happened.”
“We know it was after midnight when it happened. He was seen leavin’ the pub down the street, on foot and highly intoxicated. I’ve got some people interviewing witnesses, but from what we got so far, he was alone.”
“Aren’t there just,” John muttered. “Don’t you already know? You’ve still got the place bugged, don’t you?”
“Indeed. It also seems that in the latter part of his career, he became engrossed in the supernatural. It may be significant.”
“He wouldn’t.” Mary frowned. “He would, wouldn’t he?”
“Yes,
“John, look at that bed and tell me you
be interested in? It’s okay to admit it if you are, lover. It won’t hurt me, I promise.”
“Yeah, I could tell. Don’t worry about us, Uncle Greg. So, I guess whatever’s happening, it’s got to do with magic, huh? It must be pretty bad, if you’re sending us all the way to Spain.”
“Have you ever taken blood directly from someone?”
. Sometimes we go for a run together, just two wolves under the moon. He
what he’s too cowardly to admit.”
“I’ll be right back. I gotta tell Tim breakfast’s ready.”
“Oh, never mind. I can sense her up there. New deities are far too careless to hide their power properly.”
“She looks solid to me.” Mary’s eyes scanned the room. “We need to get her closer.”
It had also been a warning. He’d seen Mycroft coolly and ruthlessly deal with nuclear threats, terrorists and other general mayhem on a global scale for years. He had his work, as Sherlock had his. No ordinary threat could justify a breakdown on Mycroft’s part, so this threat must be an extraordinary one. A chill went through him. He’d had a strange few weeks himself, filled with mysteries that even when solved left him with uncomfortable questions.
wanted in that way.”
much.” His amazement didn’t lessen as they boarded the plane. It was gorgeously appointed, with a wide, luxuriously furnished interior, a double galley kitchen, a full bar and a private bedroom. There was even a shower room. “Good lord”, he muttered. “This is bigger than our flat.”
“This is remarkably good”, Mycroft gestured towards the omelet. “I’m glad you’re staying.”
: (early AM, L.A. time)
“I know. I found him looking up sexy things to do before the two of you left for L.A.”
“Tony should know better. It’s just a phase, like with you.”
gay, it’d be different, but I’m genuinely afraid I’ll just snap. That we’ll be together one day, and I’ll just panic and lash out at him or just
one. If it’s any consolation,
“No, it’s just…” John sighed. “Their bloody deductions! It took him
want to get Loki’s attention either.”
He called Mike and then Bill, and had been relieved that neither of them had said it would change their friendship. Mike had been more surprised that Sherlock was actually involved with someone than with John being bi. He’d laughingly remined him that he’d been the one to introduce them, and wrangled a promise from John that he’d treat him with drinks some night soon as a way of thanking him. Bill had congratulated him, and couldn’t resist teasing him a bit about John being the last to know. John sighed and reluctantly called Harry, half hoping his sister wouldn’t answer.
: (15 April, late afternoon)
“And you’ve got Mycroft.” Sherlock stared at him blankly. “Yeah, okay; you’ve got a point”, he admitted reluctantly. “But still…”
she’s no longer a dangerous psychopath, she’s very young. She may not be able to understand how to control her powers or the repercussions of using them.”
“Tim? You in there?” Greg knocked on the door, feeling more than a little apprehensive. He had no idea what he was going to say. He was dreading the conversation, but Tim had looked very uncomfortable at breakfast and he didn’t want to leave things like that. The boy had enough to worry about, with him starting a new school in just a few days.
“Fenris said you can learn control. None of us know what we’ll do in extreme circumstances. I’ve seen real monsters, Liam. You’re not one of them.”
“Sherlock said something earlier that made me think
“I’ve got another pack at home.”
“What was that you said just now… something about rabbits?” A moment after he said it, his mind flashed back to Bill’s morning greeting:
believe. And so does Mycroft, if he’d only admit it; which he practically did.”
perfect, brother mine. Our goal is to be pure, rational, thinking machines, but we will always remain
“Violet won’t wake up!” Alice ran to Greg and threw her arms around his legs, sobbing. “We were just playing and she said it wasn’t fair that I can’t catch the ball. Then she just fell over. I didn’t do anything wrong!”
what we do,
“I’ve loved you all my life. I didn’t think the perfect woman existed, yet here you are. You’re everything I’ve ever wanted. We’re meant to be together. One day you’ll
“Nah. I know it’s not easy, comin’ to terms with who you are. I just did it a lot earlier in life is all.”
“And I love you. Don’t miss, John. One clean shot to the head. She can change reality, so death must be instantaneous. You won’t get a second chance.” Sherlock opened the door and dashed across the rooftop to where his sister stood, watching the chaos she’d unleashed and laughing.
“I’m gonna get a beer. You guys want anything?”
He raced toward the dragon, increasing his size as he launched himself from the top of a burning panel truck. Nearly as large as the dragon by the time he reached it, his paws struck its side. Fenris lunged for its neck as they fell, tumbling into the water.
“Be sure to brief Mycroft about this. Make sure he understands the jade must be perfect. One crack or imperfection and it’s useless.”
“You’re going to have to let your walls down for round two or we’ll be at this all night. Not that I mind, but we do have a purpose beyond pleasure for doing all this.”
“He made me promise to return once I rose. He has a flat above the club with a large mirror, in which he reflected, and I did not. There’s also the matter of the wings.”
attracted to you.
“I’m moving him into the new headquarters as soon as it’s ready.”
“Fine. Take the car back to my house, and I’ll explain when we get there.” He frowned unhappily at the prospect, but he didn’t have time to argue. “Please, just take Mummy away from here in case there’s some further danger.”
“I suppose we are
“It’s my job. Here, take Mycroft’s.” Greg handed it to him, wrinkling his nose slightly. “What the hell is that smell?”
gone mad?”
have to clean up.”
. I pointed out to him that you weren’t the
, it’s just weird as fuck ‘til you get used to it. The closest I can describe it is that it’s like being melted from one shape into another. I can’t see what’s happening because I go blind and deaf when I’m between shapes. Tom says it looks kinda misty and flickery... like watching an old-time film through a fog, he said.”
Fenris clambered across Greg’s lap, peering out the window with great excitement.
“No”, John laughed. “But I
, Mycroft?”
“It’s not, strictly speaking, official yet, but yeah. Somebody’s gotta do it. John, there’s not a single person in authority that’s willin’ to be the first one to officially say magic is real. Mycroft’s the
call him an idiot. You’re
“I’ll have to ask him, but I think he’ll agree… and I may have a source for getting a regular supply. Can any non-medium help? I’m sure John and Sherlock would, especially if it was to help Mary.”
“With you and Uncle Mycroft… are you, um… which one of you is… um..?”
“So, I should dial it back, try to not to be so… distracting.”
“Yes, I am. What about Alice? Is she really… alive? Is it permanent?”
mutual in the moment, but with Mycroft he could never be sure about anything. Besides, it
“Doctor, anthropologist, explorer… that’s quite a reputation to live up to.”
“Mycroft.” Greg slid back up his body, kissing him again, then leaning in close enough so that his breath tickled his lover’s neck. “I
room. I’ve got some plans I made up a while back for downstairs…”
you? You’re bloody
him. It would be nice, just
. Didn’t you check the records? He had several run-ins with the law for domestic abuse, all
“Then there’s something I need to know, and I know you; you’re not going to want to talk about it.”
“Then you snapped a long time ago, John.”
“Sherlock…” The sigh he’d suppressed escaped despite his efforts, and he bit back the retort that Sherlock had also found him attractive, remembering how traumatic it had been for him. “Finding someone desirable isn’t the same thing as actually desiring them.”
. You’re practically disheveled by your standards, and if it were a purely
“My biggest fear is hurting
“I get to go to sleep tonight with
“But what? Why would you hide that you’re… What are you, anyway? Gay or bi?”
“Yours?” Sherlock cocked his head, puzzled by John’s reaction.
“Don’t worry about that. I’ve still got my mobile.” Sherlock pulled it out of his pocket. The screen was cracked, but it was still functional. “Get some rest, Mary.”
“You’re
“Really? There’s been trouble on the mortal realm and Loki’s here? That’s surprising”, she said sarcastically, rolling her eyes. “Maybe I’ll go have a little chat with him. He could be useful as long as you keep an eye on him.” She grinned, disappearing like the Cheshire cat. “I owe him one for cheating his way around me after Ragnarok.”
: (24 April, late afternoon)
“Intellectually, yes, but not physically. She’s just very good at playing the game.”
“Yeah, so does Mycroft… pick up skills quick, I mean. Just look at how quick he’s learned magic. He just got the book yesterday, and he’s already saved us once with it. We’re lucky guys, you and me.”
being a doctor, you know”, he muttered after about ten minutes.
“Watch out for is more like it.”
“I did the nanny list
is practically his catchphrase. But what about
“I just don’t understand
“From what I can tell, yes, Sir. We won’t know anything for sure until we get him back to the lab.”
“John, I…”
feel about it.”
John found Mary standing over the girls, trying to comfort them as best she could without touching them. He scooped his daughter into his arms, soothing her as Kat stepped over and picked up Abby.
“You do realize…” Greg had to bite back a chuckle. The king of spies was having a hard time lying to him these days. “…that I know that’s complete and utter
“I know”, he sighed. “It’s just hard, leaving some stranger to look after her. I’ll need to get a nanny cam.”
in my line.”
Phillip sat the mobile down, resisting his urge to toss it across the room, and stared at the picture on his computer in dismay. It couldn’t be true, could it? Dr. Watson had been married, and the only romance he knew of Sherlock being involved in was with Janine. He thought back on his interactions with the two. He’d never seen any sign that either of them were gay. They were, he decided, definitely on a case. A knock at the door interrupted his recollections. He hastily closed the page and went to the door, hoping it wasn’t his landlady, as he was behind on his rent again.
“You’re actually very adorable when you’re embarrassed.”
Greg moved into position, rubbing the tip of his cock against Mycroft’s quivering hole. He pushed the head through the tight ring of muscle, slowly sinking himself in with a low, moaning growl.
“I… Sherlock, if I ask you something, will you promise to answer me truthfully?”
John could feel his heart pounding in rhythm with the pulsing of his cock. He whimpered in need and confusion as Sherlock pushed inside him, slowiy sinking himself into John’s body. Another flash of pain and panic went through him, quickly fading as Sherlock’s hand stroked his cock. After giving John’s muscles time to adjust to him, Sherlock began to move, gently making love to him as he sought the perfect angle for John’s pleasure. His lover moaned his name, and he knew he’d found it. Being inside someone was a pleasure Sherlock had never known, and he struggled against his own body’s urges, forcing himself to seek John’s pleasure first. As John’s body began to tremble, he picked up the pace of his movements, biting his lip to keep from cumming.
“Yeah, pretty much. I can eat a bit of other stuff when I’m, you know, human, but I get these cravings…”
“If you
one have this sort of conversation, anyway? Hello, John, do you think you might be going a bit mad? Oh, hello, and how’s your dead wife doing today?”
“I’m not looking forward to that.” John frowned. “Are you still dead set on it, this chat with the Devil?”
“Well, congratulations, I guess…” He could hear her sigh over the mobile. “I really am sorry. I had a bad night, but if you’re happy, then I’m happy for you.”
Lowell.”
“So, are you any closer to knowing what that thing was?” John handed him a mug of tea and followed him into the lounge.
“So, there’s some sort of…
“In all the years I’ve worked for you, I’ve never once questioned your sincerity in safe-guarding this nation and its people. You’re the most dedicated, professional man I’ve ever had to privilege to work for. I have some insight into the sacrifices you’ve made for us all over the years, and I know without doubt that whatever’s going on, I feel safer knowing you’re on top of things.” He realized, a bit too late, the double entendre in what he’d said considering the things he’d heard the wolf say. “You’re a good man, Sir. All this magic… demons and fairies and Gods; I don’t know of any man I’d trust more to be able to handle the situation.”
one instead.”
“Fenris, I’m beginning to think you don’t like ravens very much.”
“So, you’re hopeful then? Because you’re capable of faith?”
“Yes, twice. Once with one of my lovers, who was unharmed, as I was careful to take a very small amount. The wound was minor and healed by the next morning. She said the experience was quite erotic, and I must agree from my perspective. The first time was with Lucifer; his way of teaching me how to do it without damaging my partner.”
“No. Have you spoken to Greg about this?”
, you know, when you wouldn’t explain your deductions on that case. I usually can’t shut you up about it.” He took a good bracing swallow of his drink. “Look, Sherlock, you’re going to have to face the truth. You’re
“Well, we’ve got a few days…”
“Greg is right. You are good at kissing.” He placed one hand on Mycroft’s thigh and the other on Greg’s shoulder, drawing him closer.
“That doesn’t have
“If you’re going to feel guilty about it, you might. If that’s the case, we’ll call it off. I would point out to you that your motives are pure, however. You know how the system works. Going to Hell has nothing to do with what men call sin. It’s entirely about personal guilt.”
“Oh. I must have forgotten”, Arthur said indulgently. She’d said no such thing, of course, but perhaps her attitude towards Mycroft’s relationship with Greg would soften if she had a chance to get to know him.
“Absolutely incredible. He’s probably the smartest guy you’ll ever meet. Have you ever heard of Sherlock Holmes?”
Finally inside Sherlock’s mind palace, Lucifer’s body quit moving as he concentrated on finding the intersection of guilt and sexuality. The detective’s mind was complex and extraordinarily beautiful, and if he hadn’t had a mission to carry out he could have happily spent hours exploring its maze of corridors and passageways, but he kept moving deeper within the detective’s mind, finding the place where guilt intertwined with his sexuality; a memory from his childhood. Sighing, he began the work of untangling it, hoping he could finish before Sherlock orgasmed. Once the haze of passion cleared, remaining in his mind would be much more difficult.
“Greg…” He sipped his martini, wondering suddenly why he drank them when he didn’t really like them. He decided he just enjoyed the cliché and then realized his mind was trying to scuttle away from the subject at hand by focusing on unrelated minutia.
“Exactly.”
“No, I’m fine, thanks.” John sat on the couch, looking around the flat. “Did you say you were packing? I thought you just moved in here, what, six months ago?”
. Like those kids who go around with the wild hair and all that funny make-up on their eyes.”
“Yeah, but I’ve
It was as good a hiding place as any. A little make-up, a change of clothes and dyed hair made James Moriarty unrecognizable as he moved within the crowd. He had a lot of work to do before he reentered public notoriety. He’d been reborn with incredible physical abilities, but that wasn’t enough. He could sense that he had power within him that far exceeded his strength, speed and rapid healing abilities. What were mere physical abilities compared to the power he’d seen Eurus wield? He could feel the magic, coiled like a serpent within him, just waiting for him to discover how to use it. He needed time to lie low and learn to tap that power.
They stood there, staring at each other for a while, both unsure what to do next. After a minute, they both started to speak at once, stopped and started to laugh.
“Eurus?”
“Mycroft! You’ve gotten yourself a
“And completely true.”
“I’ll be right back. You…” Greg tried to keep from grinning as he looked sternly at Mycroft. “Get that sexy arse of yours in the shower and I’ll be right up to join you.”
“That’s not the kind of answer I’m looking for, John. That’s all about me. I want to know, my interest aside, how you personally feel about it.”
“Think nothing of it. Let us know if there’s anything else you discover you need once you get to school. I do want you to be comfortable there.”
“That’s a funny name too. I don’t think I like it.” She wrinkled her nose in distaste. Mycroft and Sherlock both exchanged glances, wondering if there was any significance to her dislike of her old name.
telling me?”
“Is he your mate?” He looked over at Greg. “He seems very protective of you.”
“Yes, I know. It’s all over Twitter apparently.” Sherlock looked up from his mobile, looking over at John in concern. “Are you terribly upset?”
idea what I mean. But not
are what you reflect.
“Who? Oh. Oh my God! I, uh… you mean you, don’t you? Do you…
“Yes, well, and… Thank you, and you do have a good day.” John took the package and backed slowly out of the shop, making sure he was decently far away before he burst out laughing. He’d had a weird morning buying strange things from very odd people, but it was time to go pick up Rosie. He hopped in the taxi with his latest purchase, still chuckling.
“No! What is
“Did I say you were?” It occurred to him he’d better amend that statement. “Just now, I mean. Oberon can weave magic with words, and if Lucifer can do the same, I’d feel… safer if you didn’t engage him any more than necessary.” He reached out, lightly stroking John’s cheek. “You’re my pressure point, John. I don’t want him using you against me.”
“But… how?”
“I never said I do.” Despite his attempt to look stern, a shy smile escaped.
“You think it’s genuine, then? We get these sorts of posts from kids all the time.” By the time he’d looked up, Sherlock was already texting George for a taxi-ride.
, not like… like
“I know you and Uncle Mycroft are getting married, so is Fenris… He said you were pack-mates. Is he like you guys’ boyfriend?”
“Yes, and I’d like you to study them as well for comparison.”
Sherlock felt the increasingly familiar sense of magic pushing against his mind. He pushed back, gritting his teeth and stilling his tongue.
happen. That is what happened to me. Odin saw that I would eat him so he betrayed me and chained me up, but I wouldn’t have eaten him if he hadn’t done that to me. I’m loyal to my pack when my pack is loyal to me. I think looking at the future changes it from what might happen to what must happen.” He downed his beer and grabbed another one from the refrigerator.
to the
“I’m not entirely sure. Apparently magic is a relatively new thing here on earth, and there’s some possibility of creatures from the dream world manifesting here or people harnessing the power of dreams for evil purposes. He wants someone on the ground to deal with that sort of thing, and he said I should work with you.”
“He required a sort of guarantee.” Sherlock frowned, not wanting to admit his mistake. “A penalty if I should fail him. Death required no guarantee from Mary because she didn’t need one, but Oberon’s Position doesn’t give him the authority to kill humans. I suspect his power over humans is very limited, so a magically binding oath was required.”
“Next time, I’ll send them with flowers. Little love poems carved into their skin. I’ll carve out their hearts and replace them with boxes of chocolates. I’ll leave diamonds where their eyes used to be.”
“Not that I was
“God, you’re hot.” John vocalised his thoughts anyway. And he was glad he did, because Sherlock’s smile broadened where he faced the mirror, eyes rolling as he focused on drying himself.
doesn’t make you better. At anything.”
, however, was a chaste, sweet press of dry, slightly-chapped lips against another set in a similar state, the kiss innocent yet somehow loaded with an impossible amount of things left unsaid and promises that had yet to be made and fulfilled. It was a move born of a sudden influx of adoration with a hint of yearning; and it was over all too quickly.
“.... Go and catch some killers?” John supplied, grin broadening as his amusement with Sherlock’s flustered state grew.
professional. Solving crimes is what I do.” He caught John’s eyes in a sidelong glance as they walked. “And, if you think about it, going by myself is far more dangerous than having a soldier with me.” He cracked a grin. “Not to mention the fact that I
When John didn’t see or hear from Sherlock the following day, he couldn’t say he was terribly surprised. That being said, he would be lying if he claimed he wasn’t at least a little despondent by the lack of communication. But he was getting ahead of himself. He’d barely spoken to the man for an hour in total, and they’d exchanged a handful of text messages regarding an apparent murder. They weren’t exactly chums. John didn’t really have a reason to expect Sherlock to continue texting him.
John hummed in assent. “I suppose you’re right. My time has come and gone,” he said with a sigh. Sherlock looked as though he wanted to say more, but he remained silent as John opened the final set of doors for him that led outside. There, the doctor paused, remaining inside, but keeping the door open as Sherlock turned around where he stopped on the pavement just over the threshold.
That wouldn't do, John thinking he was on the verge of obtaining a fever; he
“I think you’re lucky the sleeves aren’t puffy and the skirt isn’t one of those mid-Victorian bustle skirts or I wouldn’t be going with you.”
Sherlock gave him an apologetic smile. “Sorry. We’ll get some.”
John’s face twisted in dubious confusion, and looked down at his lap. “Um. Sitting?”
For a fraction of a second, Sherlock’s eyes lit up. A youthful exuberance took over his features and John found himself growing overwrought with anticipation, with excitement over this newfound treasure that was sitting before him. But in an instant, the young man’s dark, guarded mask was back, his jaw set, his body seemed to fold in on itself just so, and those keen blue-green-grey eyes dimmed as he stared the doctor down. Instead of answering John’s question, he merely lifted his chin sharply in a gesture of stern defiance and said, in that low baritone that held a razor-sharp edge, “your five minutes are up, Doctor.”
“John,” Sherlock admonished, “while I’m certainly lacking in the social graces, I’m not that insensitive. I’ve given dozens of people around this city a steady income and a mobile phone to communicate with me. I’ve dipped into my trust fund with the approval of my brother to assist many of them; Billy’s family of four, for instance, is now situated nicely in a two-bedroom flat not ten minutes from here. It may not seem like much, but it’s a far sight better than the bridge they were staying under a couple summers ago. And I’ve let them all know that as long as they are under my employ, I will do anything in my power to not let harm come to them, I will not put them in a situation where they are in grave danger if I can help it, and they may text me if they are in dire need of assistance with a financial matter which I have reserved for extreme medical circumstances. Believe me, I don’t believe in taking advantage of people’s misfortunes. I’m not quite that heartless.”
The problem of Rosie’s upset has been solved, but a whole new problem has arisin; John is
Anxious at the prospect of what the bad news could be, Sherlock pulled his lips between his teeth as he scrolled to read the next text.
he mouthed, words barely audible to even himself as they left him on a breath, and Sherlock merely shrugged. The nonchalance with which the man silently answered made John want to simultaneously roll his eyes and laugh; because apparently the man had gone to the trouble to coordinate a pickup spot for information detailing the precise location of these people, had brought along a lockpick set as he’d anticipated locked doors being a potential obstacle, but hadn’t planned what the
John froze, his eyes widening. “For a
In answer, Sherlock just grinned, and the pair of them stayed silent as they followed Lestrade into a lift that took them up to the fifth floor.
“Do you want me to say that I’m attracted to you?” he asked on a breath, a sight less self-assured than he’d intended it to be.
these people’s misfortunes for your own gain-”
And John, not one to back down, took the dare. “I reckon it doesn’t. Intoxicants don’t- they don’t do anything to
“Speaking of,” John interjected, “how is Molly doing? Is she here tonight?”
It wasn’t untrue. John tilted his head and looked down Sherlock’s body, draped in a blue dressing gown, grey pyjama bottoms peeking out from beneath. “What else?” he asked, humouring his detective’s antics.
“What makes you so sure?” Sherlock asked as the pair rounded a corner onto a street, whose kerb was lined with cars, and he knew they were getting close.
?” She didn’t wait for a response, though, and instead looked at John with a wide-eyed look that said
John grinned. “I can hold my alcohol. And this is only beer number five,” he said, lifting his bottle to take a small sip. Sherlock mirrored the action with his own cup.
Sherlock floundered as he tried to come up with an answer to a seemingly simple question. “I- you- th- there’s only one bed,” he managed finally, because that was the most obvious problem, and he looked between said bed and its owner, who shrugged.
It all happened simultaneously; the metal of the hammer clicking was quickly followed by a gasp of air from Sherlock, which mingled with the pounding of John’s trainers on the floor as he charged. John only had a moment to register the look of surprised recognition on Pavel’s face before he slammed hard into the man’s front with a grunt of exertion, his good shoulder making contact with the man’s sternum, knocking the wind out of Pavel and sending them both toppling to the floor.
dead?!” he asked, and Sherlock rolled his eyes so hard John could almost feel it.
of the electric kettle being switched off.
much paperwork,” he whines. “And my phone was dead, so I couldn’t even call you and let you know what was going on. I’m sorry about that,” he says sincerely. “I didn’t mean to leave you with Rosie for so long.”
John let it go. “Yeah. He’s been coming almost every week,” he said, before really thinking about how much he should be telling the other man. Not only was it against the rules, but it was also slightly immoral, to divulge this sort of information.
And promptly fell to the floor.
“Oh, this?” John asked, seeming to just remember that he had blood dripping down his neck and shirt. “Yeah, it looks pretty cool, doesn’t it? Mary did it,” the man said, gesturing vaguely towards where Mary had been standing mere minutes prior.
I'll risk the repetitiveness to say thank you again so much for reading. You're all fantastic. Thank you thank you thank you for sticking with me. I am so incredibly sorry for the brief hiatus, but I'm glad to be back.
“How do you figure?” John asked, arms crossing over his chest, one hip cocked against the edge of the table.
To wrap up, I'd just like to say thank you again for all of your support. You all mean the world and more. Sorry again for the hiatus; shit just happens, I guess. Hope to see you all back here soon.
He’d never fallen so hard and so fast before. He was hopeless, forever lost in the tumultuous sea of his unfathomable adoration with only this man, this incredible,
“Shut up,” John chastises, and Sherlock smirks. “Nothing makes sense right now. Just go with it.”
Sherlock would roll his eyes again if he weren’t feeling a bit petrified, himself; it would seem that he was simply better at not showing it.
“You’re- why is he here?” he asked Sherlock.
He scowled. “I’m
“So you’re leaving then,” John said, trying his best (and failing) not to sound crestfallen; not that Sherlock noticed, as he watched the detective rummage around his desk for a leather-wrapped bundle and a pair of black, leather gloves.
John tilted his head slightly, inquisitive and curious expression overtaking his face. “What changed?”
After a long moment, Sherlock’s chin lifted in acknowledgement before he finally tore his eyes away from John to strip off his long, sweeping, charcoal coat, and he took a seat in the chair he’d previously, wordlessly claimed as his own. When John took a seat in the chair opposite, the man spoke.
Updates soon! <3
“I love you more,” John murmured, stepping closer to stand toe to toe with the other, eyes trailing from Sherlock’s eyes down to his dark red lips, which turned up in a smirk.
“Well, you have just killed a man,” Sherlock reminded quietly, lowly, so the paramedics wouldn’t overhear. “And shot two others.”
The statement was so blasé, John nearly laughed. It was also greatly under-exaggerated. “I look that much like shite, do I?” the doctor quipped, a tired smile stretching his lips. He knew better by now than to try to put up a mask with this young chemist; Sherlock would see right through it.
“Shut
But Sherlock saw so much more.
“No-” Sherlock paused a moment. “It’s… fine.”
The ex-army doctor was pulled out of his ruminating by the sound of a small bell, signifying someone entering through the front door of the establishment. He looked up to see a man, his light brown hair rather overwhelmed with silver, jaw set and face hard with determination, striding towards the receptionist’s desk. The young woman sitting there looked up with a pleasant smile and the two of them began speaking, the man’s tone more hushed, and his words more hurried. John, sensing a potential walk-in, sighed silently to himself and made his way out of the office to the toilets across the hallway. Ms. Winstead had been his last scheduled appointment for the day, and while he welcomed random walk-in appointments, he needed time to regroup before he saw anyone else.
“Best of luck,” John said with a soft smile, and gave a small wave as Greg headed to the door.
“John,” he summoned, “you remember the text I showed you?”
“Thank
“Sherlock, it’s definitely suici-”
Lestrade ignored him, looking around the room. “Nice place,” he commented, and his eyebrows rose as his gaze fell upon John, who was just sat in his chair, staring stupidly at him. “Oh. Hi, John,” he greeted.
he said, and John was stuck between gawking at Sherlock’s sudden enthusiasm, and the fact that said enthusiasm was brought about by someone’s suicide - not to mention it being likened to a blessed fucking holiday.
His eyes first landed on the familiar figure of the man with the greying hair he had initially seen come in. The man’s features were distinctly more weary compared to when John had seen him earlier, but a warm smile formed on the doctor’s face nonetheless as he approached and readied himself to make his formal introduction. That was, until his attention was derailed by the sight of movement behind the haggard man.
for the interruption-” John snorted “-I was
Sherlock sat back on his haunches, closing his small, collapsible magnifying glass with a sharp snap, looking too smug for his own good. “Not much.”
The silvery-haired man nodded and gave a light-tipped smile. “Yes. Thank you. If you could just, uh, you know. Chat with him a bit. That’d be good.” The man looked down and away for a moment, but then met John’s eyes again. “The name’s Greg, by the way. If that’s important. Do I have to, you know, fill out any paperwork or anything?”
Oh my, where did our detective end up?
John laughed and continued swiping the luffa over Sherlock’s skin, abandoning his arse in favour of smoothing his hands up the man’s back. Once finished, he couldn’t help but raise up onto his toes to place a quick kiss to Sherlock’s lips. He squinted as suds threatened to wash into his eyes. “Here,” he said, handing the soapy luffa over before stepping fully under the spray to rinse his hair and body off quickly. Sherlock took the time to efficiently scrub his own legs and feet before switching spots with John to rinse his own hair, and John took the opportunity to scrub down his own lower half.
“There’s a door,” Sherlock murmured quietly from where he was peeking around the corner, looking at the side of the second warehouse. “I’ll climb atop that large bin and look in the window to be sure there’s no one inside, and we’ll go from there-“ the man paused in his running commentary when he looked back, and John blinked at the sudden lapse in the detective’s speech, followed by the pair of quicksilver eyes that swept over him and fixed on a spot near his abdomen. A moment later and John realised Sherlock was looking at his gun. He anxiously wet his lips.
John let out a breath and turned away from the wall-cum-evidence-board to grab Sherlock’s laptop off of the desk that sat against the adjacent wall. He unplugged the charger from the wall as well to take it with him as he moved towards the unmade bed in the corner of the room. He had to step over a few miscellaneous piles of clothes and books and papers on his way, and he huffed as he set the laptop and cord down on the bed. Christ, Sherlock cut such a tidy figure; John hadn’t expected for him to keep such chaotic rooms. Nevertheless, he knew not everyone was as anal about organisation as he was. At least, John thought, it appeared Sherlock did keep his
“Whaar arre y-- where are you going?” Sherlock asked petulantly as John opened the closet door, though he was arrested by the sly grin John cast him.
He tried once more – “Sherlock, we
, it was down to the wire – the car would arrive at the mouth of the gap between the two warehouses they stood between in a matter of
I think it's worth noting that this is my very first attempt at writing ACTUAL smut, so I hope to God it was worth the wait. If you have any thoughts, feel free to let me know in the comments below; I live for your feedback, and every word I read is so immensely appreciated.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked up to look at him through dark lashes as he sipped his coffee, before shifting to look to his left towards the other side of the room. John’s gaze followed, and his lips parted in a little smile when he espied on the sofa a folded set of clothes. They were his from the night before.
Sherlock waited, listening to the soft, anxious shifting of feet behind him for a few moments before taking an audible breath and raising his head, pivoting in his chair to peek over the back at John, who was standing in the centre of the main room, looking apprehensive behind a frail mask of indifference. After searching the doctor’s tight posture a few moments longer, Sherlock decided to have pity on the man and set his mind at ease. “I’ll stay,” he murmured, much to John’s delighted surprise, if the beaming smile that slowly stretched his lips was any indication.
“Wait!” Sherlock exclaimed, leaning forward in his seat, “don’t leave yet.”
“Such a small amount of time together,” the man said, nearly tutting as he did so, “and since then you’ve made an impact strong enough to at least get him to attempt getting clean. You’ve
Lestrade just sighed and scratched the back of his head. “I… Sherlock. I believe you. You know I do,” he said. “But the man was clinically depressed - his records show it. And until you can give me firm evidence besides a couple fag ends that may very well have been put there in a bloody
Sherlock looked down at his feet to hide his smile, and pushed away from the counter to face John head-on. “Enough about me,” he murmured, a flush rising to his cheeks as he dared to meet John’s eyes again. “What about you? I will say, the makeup is impeccable,” he said, eyes trailing down to John’s neck.
I'll get you tea, since you've been waiting oh so patiently all day for it," he teased.
“I could use the toilet,” she murmured by way of a farewell, and gave Sherlock and John a wave before hurrying after the other two girls, leaving the boys alone.
“Hold
“Who’s this
The good doctor had just barely abstained from pulling out his mobile and sending a text near the end of the workday, under the guise of letting Sherlock know that office hours were quickly drawing to a close in case he did want to come in after all. But he knew Sherlock had his card, and that card had office hours on it, as well as information necessary to schedule appointments. And he knew Sherlock had not scheduled a meeting; he’d kept a closer eye on his online appointment book recently than he cared to admit.
John had known from very early on that Sherlock was physically and mentally attractive. However, there was a difference between finding someone aesthetically pleasing and intellectually stimulating, and
No texts or calls came from that number (which John had saved under Sherlock’s name the day he first started texting him), and Sherlock still didn’t show up for another appointment.
“And as soon as you do, I’ll do what you say,” Lestrade said. “Until then, you’re welcome to
After a few moments of silence, Sherlock let his eyes drift to look at John’s profile; John’s eyes were on the other guests in the house as he gingerly sipped his drink, and Sherlock took advantage of the pause in their conversation to appreciate the face that lay beneath layers of makeup. The false gash on his cheek wasn’t enough to cover up the man’s strong features; his jawline was prominent, skin tanned in a way that hardly made sense for London’s weather. His short and sandy blond hair was mussed in a stylishly casual way, and below it, tawny brows sat atop orbs of blue, and Sherlock could see the shadows of John’s absurdly long lashes fall on his mildly-ruddy cheeks whenever the lights from the coloured disco balls swept over them.
in handcuffs before he regains consciousness,” he said, nodding at Pavel’s prone body on the ground, and Lestrade nearly jumped out of his skin, looking back at the unconscious man with undisguised shock.
Mary laughed as John kicked a crushed beer can down the pavement, displaying his footwork. “You should play football,” she said, before bursting into laughter once more when the man nearly tripped over his own feet.
Not a kill-shot, John thought to himself as he closed his eyes and took a fortifying breath - but it’d give Sherlock enough time to get to relative safety. A quick peek through the broken windows of the ploughing machine revealed Sherlock had indeed managed to cover what remained of the distance between him and the stack of wooden flats they’d hid behind before, where he was sitting, back against the wood, head tipped back, eyes staring unseeingly at the ceiling. The man’s chest visibly rose and fell under the pale fist clasped against it with quick, heavy breaths, his lips parted as he panted, and after a moment of gathering himself, Sherlock turned his head, meeting John’s gaze immediately. And what the doctor saw in those eyes, bright and nearly black with how wide his pupils had dilated, was adrenaline, excitement, a hint of fear, and something else; something undefined.
Sherlock huffed a breath. “I
"If they did have a flight booked for today," Lestrade cut in, "they won't make it to the first gate. We've sent out their photos and aliases - since I doubt they're using their real names - to surrounding airports to make sure they're on every no-fly list anywhere near us."
Sherlock’s eyes were wide as he looked between John’s, lips parted just so in surprise at the sight of John’s pupils nearly eclipsing the royal blue of his irises. His gaze darted down to John’s mouth -
“You’re looking a bit flushed.” John’s observation brought the detective out of his reverie, and he fought the urge to blush deeper at being found out. At least, he thought, he could blame the heat in his cheeks on his malady, for now.
of a newspaper landing on the coffee table in front of him. He looked up.
“Hello,” Sherlock chirped with a bright smile, leaning down to press a kiss to John’s cheek. John wondered if this was the effect the honeymoon phase was having on Sherlock, or if he’d forever remain this cheery. He sincerely hoped that the latter was the case; and he resolved to work for the rest of his life to maintain that cheeriness.
-to-addict,” he corrects, and Sherlock smiles.
“Relax, John,” Sherlock reassured as he opened the back door of the taxi. “I’m hardly going to report you… but you should take care when you clean it; the gun oil does stain your jeans.”
Both men toed off their shoes, John using a hand on the wall for support, before they shed their jackets - and Sherlock wordlessly took John’s from him to toss on the floor in a heap.
No response came.
Sherlock’s now-free hands found their way to John’s coat, gripping the fabric in quaking fists for something to hold onto, in hopes that maybe the anchor would stop his world spinning quite so violently. After puffing out a few more desperate breaths, he parted his lips and gave a small sound when John’s calloused fingers brushed against them, followed by the gentle impact of the two small pills on his tongue. Immediately after, the paper cup was pressed to his mouth and Sherlock felt a steadying hand gently cup the back of his head as the cup was tipped, and his mouth was flooded with cold fluid.
John Watson, in a teeshirt and boxers, is carefully crawling into the bed beside him.
,” he continued, punctuating each noun with a movement of his hand, opening the bottom drawer and grabbing at a pair of grey lounge trousers inside. His hands fisted the drawer to randomly grab at a few soft-looking tee-shirts and another pair of trousers, and he tossed them haphazardly onto the bed to join the other clothes. Satisfied he’d gathered enough for a couple days, John slammed the drawer and grabbed a small duffel bag that was sticking out from under the bed, and began shoving Sherlock’s belongings inside. What he assumed to be the charger for Sherlock’s mobile was on the small table beside the bed, and he swiped it off the surface and into the duffel. As an afterthought, he made a quick trip to the bathroom to grab a toothbrush he found next to the sink, as well as a razor, before returning to the bedroom.
His time as a member of the Royal Army Medical Corps, however, was ended preemptively by a bullet wound to his left shoulder, which rendered him unfit for duty in the Royal Army, and even left him bereft of the skills required to continue on as a surgeon, which had been his backup plan since he’d decided to enlist in the armed forces when he was in uni.
(See the end of the chapter for
In the hours that followed, John changed clothes yet again, bustled around his flat in an attempt to keep busy, and ate a meager meal; enough to tide him over until the following day, but not enough to induce post-meal lethargy. The closest thing to personal experience with stakeouts that he had was from befriending a sniper during his time in the army who detailed for him the length of his stationing in any one place. Other than that, in addition to what he’d gathered from the occasional crime show, John didn’t know quite what to expect, come the evening; would they be waiting in a car, or in an alley across the street? Would there be any chance for some action, or would John’s gun remain unfired? How long would they wait outside the establishment before they gave up and went home? Hopefully the weather would at least be cooperative - which was a tall order for London at this time of year.
“No,” John responded casually, earning a guarded, yet somewhat surprised look from Sherlock. “I mean, this is just an intake. I don’t want to go pushing you too quickly, here. I hardly know you, you don’t know me – not really my place to go telling you what to do,” he shrugged.
“What am I doing here?” John asked in return.
“L’était une p’tit’ poule noir, qu’allait pondre dans l’armoire… Pondait un p’tit’ coco, que l’enfant mangeait tout chaud.” He smiles; it’s working. Rosie’s wails have finally, miraculously subsided, and are replaced with noisy sniffles, and while she continues to gasp for breath, her damp eyes are surveying Sherlock - he can see the curiosity swimming in their deep blue. It’s the same look John often gives him, but in miniature. Sherlock’s smile turns fond. “Français,” he croons, “your father enjoys it when I speak French, too. Of course. French.” He thinks it might not be the French, but the exhaustion finally kicking in - until Rosie apparently notices he’s switched back to English and stopped singing, and she starts whimpering.
Sherlock snorted. “Not as complicated as you thought.”
Something was off.
John just grinned again. “Looks like we have a little common ground.”
John continued staring Sally down, his brows furrowed in anger and annoyance, his hands balled into fists at his sides. He’d opened his mouth, ready to verbally rip into this girl, but Sherlock had interrupted him, beckoning him to duck under the tape he was holding up for him. “Come on,” Sherlock repeated in a tone that said,
I'll reassure you all that I am finally getting back to regularly working on the final few chapters of this work. If you would like to receive more regular updates, I am active on Twitter (@bi_an83), and Tumblr (minding-my-own-bismuth), and I follow back, if that is a selling point for anyone. Rest assured that an update WILL be coming in the very near future, and I will be going through previous chapters to rectify some continuity and grammar issues that I have come across.
? His right temple throbbed achingly and his vision swam as the left side of his head that had impacted with the concrete floor gave a violent throb as well.
John’s smile broadened as he nodded back. “Brilliant. We’ll start there, then.”
He made his way into the kitchen, finding an electric kettle and setting it up to heat water obtained from the sink as Sherlock flopped down in his chair with his mobile held in front of his face, thumbs flying over the keyboard on the screen.
“Sorry, who?” John asked, peering out of his window, which didn’t reveal much considering it was tinted and also covered in water droplets.
John thought, brow creased with discontent, and he exited the webpage, sliding his fingers across his mobile screen to open up his text messages out of reflex, not even thinking, pulling up a blank message to text Sherlock with a demand for answers...
“Washed them,” Sherlock supplied quietly, the words slightly muffled by the rim of his coffee mug.
Sherlock smiled as he pulled the back door open and climbed inside, scooting over to make room for John, who climbed in after him and shut the door. “As close to Battersea Park as you can get,” the detective told the cab driver, who pulled away from the kerb and melded seamlessly with the late-afternoon London traffic.
“Welcome back.”
John smiled, slowly, adoringly, and soon he was beaming, and had to duck his head to avoid looking like a complete maniac. “I think- I think this is all happening a bit… fast,” he said carefully, and when he looked back up, Sherlock looked more than a little embarrassed and even more scared. “But,” John continued, and worried his bottom lip for a moment before continuing, “I think… I think I’d like that.”
After paying the cab driver, John stepped out of the back seat onto the pavement and closed the door before fishing his key out of his breast pocket with a pleased smile. He let himself into the flat and closed the door behind him, locking it, before scaling the stairs. His steps were quick, wanting nothing more than to wrap Sherlock in a loving embrace and kiss the man’s stoic features until he was a giggling mess in his arms - but when he let himself into their flat and called out the man’s name, he was met with only still silence. His smile fell as he caught his breath from the hike up the stairs, and he closed the door slowly behind him.
Greg nodded, and grinned. “Yeah, she’s somewhere around here; she’s Little Red Riding Hood, if that helps you find her. I didn’t want to dress up as a wolf in gran’s fucking nighty, so I’m just a werewolf tonight,” he explained, gesturing to himself. “But I’m not sure where she is. I’ve been a bit busy trying to keep people from snorting lines in the bathroom and breaking into the rooms upstairs to shag,” he huffed with a hefty roll of his eyes, and John grimaced.
would be pushing the proverbial envelope.”
“John,” Sherlock shot back, his tone and his gaze tenacious and resolute.
At this question, Lestrade looked into another camera and took a breath before answering. “Not just to university students, but to everyone in general,” he said, looking between all the cameras pointed at him, “just exercise caution. We don’t know yet who did this, but we at Scotland Yard are working around the clock to find and apprehend them. Don’t go out after dark by yourself, don’t travel alone to places that aren’t public, carry pepper spray with you - take the necessary steps to make sure you’re safe, and make sure you’re prepared if that safety is compromised.” He gave another nod and a small, tight smile, and then said, “thank you,” and turned away from the cameras. The reporters all shouted over the top of each other again, trying to get more answers from the detective inspector, but a young woman with dark skin and dark, curly hair stepped between Lestrade and the cameras and said “no further questions,” fending them off, until the news feed switched back to one of the news anchors sitting at the desk in the studio.
John frowned, having stopped walking when Sherlock had, and looked between the cop car and the detective, and he watched Sherlock’s face fall as the taller man watched the car go by.
Sherlock huffed a soft laugh. “Fair enough.” He could see John’s puzzlement at the strange exchange out of the corner of his eye as he reached to put the folded up ten-pound note into the boy’s cup, but put his hand in further than strictly necessary, fingers grasping the edge of a folded up piece of paper before pulling back, the sleight-of-hand not going unnoticed by John, who looked between him and the beggar boy startledly.
“Just… looks nice on you, I guess.” The man gives a stunted half-shrug. “Though it’s
“John? John.”
“Mm.” Sherlock turned again to head to the desk and open a laptop sitting on its surface, the glow of the screen lighting his face.
Sherlock’s coughs transformed into deep, rumbling chuckles as he rose back to his full height, cheeks flushed and eyes rimmed with the faintest hint of tears as he smiled at John. “Actually,” he began, and cleared his throat one more time, “I think that would be- I think that would be lovely. Assuming you’ve not already imbibed enough alcohol to impair your judgement this evening.”
Hit me up on
They’ve come a long way from London, a long way from home and Sherlock feels sick to the stomach as he watches the Rolls-royce he’d arrived in do a three-point turn, revving off into the distance.
He remains silent even as John repeats the question, his eyes a stony grey-blue as he tries to chase his feelings of love and affection for John away, struggling to replace them with a cold, hard, unfeeling facade.
“Also Sherlock,” she says, her eyes glancing knowingly in his direction. Sherlock shivers slightly, clutching the duvet tightly as he steels himself for the worst.
No, it’s just the jealousy talking, it’s-
“Sherlock, you’ve ever had to seduce suspects before,” John responds. He reaches for Sherlock’s hand, entwining his fingers with his, “You must surely be aware that you are attractive? At least on some level?”
They’ve changed so much as people… more so as a unit. There’s a tether of trust tangling the two of them together, a shared love that had always existed now brought to the light of day.
He’s ready to give a more solid answer now.
Possibly.
Sherlock does as he’s told, leaning back against a pillow as John proceeds to extricate a torchlight from his medical kit. He crawls onto the bed and kneels on Sherlock’s right, lowering his face till it’s inches from Sherlock’s torso. Little puffs of warm breath ghost over his chest as John sets to work, carefully and meticulously examining the stitches that are currently the only thing holding his skin together.
“Whatever you say…” he mutters.
“Sherlock… I was out the whole day,” John replies in slight exasperation. “Rugby retreat remember?”
Or at least that’s what he thought.
“FOR GOD’S SAKE!” John shouts, his face furious, “This could kill you!”
“JOHN HELP!”
“Sherlock… Sherlock there’s something I need to ask you,” John’s voice comes again.
John sighs in response, already used to Sherlock’s over-dramatic nature. He fishes out a notebook and pen, preparing to take down as much of Sherlock’s imminent monologue as he can.
Sherlock does so reluctantly, as does John clearly, seeing as how his fingertips linger on Sherlock’s jacket even as he steps back.
Anything for John.
John blushes at the thought, remembering their most recent escapade just a few days before.
Sherlock turns away from the window, his elbow resting on the armrest as he pivots himself to face John.
They bite down sharply on his collarbone, startling Sherlock into a muffled scream as he raises his legs, tightening his hold on their body so that his slender legs bracket strong thighs.
But now that John is back, the room seems a lot brighter, a lot more welcoming - or maybe that’s just because the windows have been cleaned.
“I love you,” John says simply, his eyes ablaze as he focuses his attention on Sherlock’s neck instead, lapping at the skin there before sucking gently, easing a sigh out of him, “I love you so much.”
“He’d been a dancer once as well, not a professional danseur but a dancer all the same. He used to do ballet in university for recreation and he thought that I could do the same or even better.”
OK THANKS FOR STICKING WITH ME GUYS! :> This update has been a long time coming and I'm sorry for keeping you waiting. But enough of this! On to the fic! TW: really graphic dreams
“BECAUSE IF YOU REALLY MUST KNOW, IT’S BECAUSE I WANTED YOU TO BE HAPPY!” he cries, tears filling his eyes before he reels back, cupping his lips in horror.
“Please tell me you didn’t dissect them,” John interrupts, his eyebrows furrowed as he stares up at Sherlock.
Fuck.
“It is the grit in a sensitive instrument-”
MARY.
Moriarty shakes his head in response, raising his hands up behind his head.
“We’d play in the treehouse at night when the stars were visible, but by day we’d play down by the creek, just downhill from here. You tend to be a much more believable pirate if you are near a body of water.”
He trips over a tree root, his ankle twisting painfully as he falls face-first into the ground. He scrambles to get up, his eyes widening in terror, only to find that his leg is stuck, wedged underneath a fallen tree branch.
Well… whatever it is, it seems like this was an arrangement decided on by a hurried agreement made by both Mycroft and John in the last hour or so, judging from the rushed manner of their preparations… which is quite worrying considering that the only factor that has changed in the past hour is Moriarty’s return.
God, now he’s gone and ruined it all. John knows. He knows. Maybe he’s known for a long time already and was just waiting for Sherlock to confirm it for him. He’s going to leave now an-
He clutches his hair in fistfulls as the voices continue to run circles around each other, chasing down threads of endless thought that Sherlock cannot bear to follow.
“I love you, Sherlock,” John breathes when they part for air, Sherlock’s heart racing as John fixes him with a reassuring gaze, his eyes open and sincere, “I love you so much and nothing on Earth is going to change that.”
He’s slightly confused and dazed as to how they arrived at this juncture but he doesn’t care, not really - as long as John does that amazing thing with his tongue again.
“Tell me if it hurts, okay?” John mutters, and before he knows it, the first finger has already breached his sphincter.
He has to fix this - this annoying and possibly devastating insinuation that his brain seems to keep presenting, that John is entitled to Sherlock.
Sherlock jolts himself out of his thoughts, turning his focus to John.
“What do you mean?” he texts back, “John what’s wrong?”
“No,” John mumbles, bending down to bury his face in Sherlock’s neck, thinking that not looking at Sherlock will quell the beast inside of him. Instead, he ends up inhaling the mingling scent of his jacket and Sherlock’s sweat.
"Together.”
He has no idea how long he stands there for, his eyes fixed on dark gravel when Mycroft’s head perks up, his posture going ramrod straight.
There’s no telling what she’d do when faced with an imminent rejection. She might prevent John from seeing his child, might weave a web of lies that’ll put John in the media limelight once again. They’ve been “celebrities” before, it wouldn’t be surprising if Mary uses that to her advantage.
His blood runs cold as he reads her name, his fingers trembling as he holds the paper up to read. The words are written on in beautiful cursive, similar to the writing on the wedding cards Sherlock had sent out, meaning… that it is probably her.
Sherlock whips his head around in shock, goosebumps erupting out of his skin as John's gaze shifts to follow his.
“Hello Sherlock,” Mycroft smiles, “I’ve been expecting you.”
"I saw the text," John continues, "the one Mary sent you. I can't really fault you though, I probably would've done the same thing."
Satisfied with his progress, Sherlock begins scrubbing at the panels, watching as a year’s worth of grime and dust falls richly onto his palms.
“Your turn now,” he mutters and Sherlock nods his head vigorously, extending his arms swiftly so that John can get his jacket and shirt off of him, leaving him with milky white skin.
John seems to puzzle over this for a moment, his brow furrowing as he comes to a conclusion.
John shudders in response, his hips stuttering forward as he continues to thrust into the circle of Sherlock’s rapidly shifting fingers. He knows that John likes it when he uses his deeper voice to talk to him - so he might as well use that to his advantage.
(((I know I said 4 chapters in total but I condensed the plot of 2 into this one because I didn't want it to be too draggy so yay 2 more chapters left to go instead of 3)))
“Mary did a lot of freelance work back in the day,” Mycroft explains, “But several years ago, her trail went cold, her status inactive. We knew of her of course, our intelligence agencies were all aware of her… unscrupulous work, so this did puzzle us.”
“Sherlock,” John mumbles, voice sleep heavy, “Sherlock can you come a bit closer?”
Oh god it’s bad enough that his brother knows that he’s taken the drugs, but the fact that he seems to be gunning for a reveal in front of everyone else is ten times worse.
“John Hamish Watson. If you're looking for baby names.”
John’s eyes are blown wide, his mouth half-hanging open in shock as he gapes at Sherlock. He recovers himself when Sherlock smirks at him though, scratching the back of his head as he beams back at his friend.
There’s not much else in it to be honest, just a bit of fluff towards the back of drawer and oh, there’s a tiny plastic box…
“That okay?” John asks after a moment, waiting till Sherlock has nodded his head before adding a second finger - this time Sherlock has gotten over the novelty of the feeling and is instead starting to feel a greater stirring in his abdomen.
He stirs sleepily, tired eyes adjusting to the light streaming into the room.
“And you won’t,” Sherlock reassures him, “Look, Mycroft’s agents managed to prevent it from happening-”
Sherlock releases him slowly then, his arms unfurling as John continues to hold on, pressing his face up against his chest, inhaling deeply.
He sighs, reaching an inquisitive finger to a small puddle of come, swirling the sticky fluid in something akin to awe before bringing it to his lips.
Sherlock doesn’t bother putting on a set of clothes as he slips under the covers, throwing the towel in the direction of the armchair in the corner of the room. He’s got nothing on but John’s dog tags.
The last time they’d done this had been in the bathtub of a hotel room... which hadn’t been too long ago, so Sherlock should have totally been prepared for the sensations that he’s experiencing right now.
“But it never culminated in anything… We never… did anything.”
He had courted danger even after getting married to Mary, carrying a tyre lever with him everywhere that he’d gone. Hell, he’d even gone into a drug den ALONE and picked a fight with the first person he’d seen. That didn’t exactly scream SAFETY and SECURITY to Sherlock.
Sherlock sighs sadly, taking his seat beside John on the sofa as he wraps a warm arm around the man’s shoulder.
“...But I don’t appreciate lies.”
But it’s not right, it’s not how their story is supposed to go.
“... You gave me your dog tags. Told me I could use them to remember you by. And I tried, god did I try. I tried for fucking years till there suddenly seemed to be a breakthrough - today.”
Sherlock heaves a sigh of relief, rereading the text, suppressing the slight disappointment that’s beginning to settle in his chest. John seems to be fine, or at least he was at 2.34 PM…
John frowns.
“Ah,” Sherlock sniffs, “So it’s that jumper then.”
That seems to draw a smile out of John, the corner of his lip quirking as he sighs, ruffling Sherlock’s curls playfully.
When he finishes, Sherlock takes a step back to view his masterpiece. He’s actually quite proud of how the fridge looks now. The shelves glisten with cling-wrapped packets, filled to bursting with various food items and it looks so domestic that Sherlock’s heart stutters slightly at the sight.
“Not quite. That was magic, John.”
. I did have work, but I thought it was time for a day off.” He studied Sherlock carefully, trying to gauge his condition but failing. He didn’t
“Yes, Sir. Thank you.”
“Fuck me hard, John.” His tone was both pleading and commanding, and his magnetic eyes locked on John’s, pale circles of blue-grey almost eclipsed by his pupils. John pulled out all the way, then slammed himself back in with a low growl. He took him almost roughly, rapidly pounding himself into the slick heat of his lover’s body. He felt his orgasm building, and he tried to hold it off as long as he could, but it was so hot and tight and Sherlock was so incredibly beautiful, writhing beneath him. Sherlock called out his name, propelling him over the edge. John slammed into him one final time, emptying himself into his lover’s body with a loud cry.
“Down by the river, alive and probably regretting it at the moment. He’ll heal, though.”
“Do you…
“The system? How in God’s name would a murdered
“What is that even supposed to mean?”
sure, that you want that. There’s a level of commitment there that goes far beyond just having your…
“There’s something I found out about myself last night that I haven’t told Sherlock yet. John, I know you’re in a new relationship, and it would be understandable if having the wife’s ghost hanging about would be a problem. I wanted to make sure that both of you felt that I… that I’m not a problem because I’m
“So where do you think she is?” John breathed in the cool evening air, wondering if he was going to take his last breath that night and consoling himself that at least Rosie was safe.
“Obviously.”
to be… distracted. By
“Eww.” She flicked her cigarette away and stood, turning her back and walking away.
“He didn’t get past the door. I’m sorry, John. I didn’t think he’d find me here.”
“Knowing Sherlock, he probably
“Oh my God! You’re him! Tom! Tom Hiddleston! Oh my God, I cried so hard when you died in War Horse! Can we take a photo with you?” The pair were obviously a state of great excitement. One was giggling almost manically, and the other was hopping up and down, unable to contain her enthusiasm. He grinned, appreciating the spectacle of her rather large breasts bouncing around.
“Un-distract him…” he whispered. It seemed a monumental task, and a terrifying one. He tried sorting it out in his mind. He didn’t like admitting it, even to himself, but he loved John like he’d loved no other person in his life; passionately so. When John wasn’t there, he felt… lonely. He compared his situation to Mycroft’s, somewhat unsuccessfully.
“John. So, what the fuck was that picture all about? Were you on a case or something?”
“Human? It happens to the best of us.”
: (14 April, early evening)
“If you don’t like me doing it, I’ll stop, but I
“No way that’s happenin’. I’m not leaving. I’m part of this team, and so is John. Call whoever you gotta and tell them Tim’s on the way. I’ll send Dad home, even if I gotta force him on the damn train.”
“Yeah, but it was the easiest way to roust him. Let’s go join Mycroft. I don’t like leavin’ him alone in a place like this.”
“He’s your lover, isn’t he?”
Greg had plenty of time to think during the drive to Challenger’s family home in Rotherford, and the more he did, the better he felt about this little trip to Dracula’s castle. He wondered how the others would feel when they found out the vampire was now part of the team. Greg wasn’t thrilled with it, but he understood why Mycroft had made the deal with Challenger. In the end, it had come down to money and time.
“I thought you quite liked the other massager.”
for the rest of my life, which I
“You’re not going to want to hear this, but I… I have to make a confession. One that you may not want him to hear.”
Responding to the urgency in his voice, John lubed up his cock, pressing the tip against the tight ring of muscle. Sherlock’s long legs wrapped around him, heels digging into John’s arse, driving him deep inside. His sky-grey eyes were wide as he hissed through clenched teeth, a sound somewhere between pain and pleasure. He held him there for a moment, pinned deep inside him, then released his grip. John hesitated a moment and then began to move, slowly at first, then faster as his lover encouraged him.
“We should keep looking.”
. And after this morning, I don’t know
“Yes. I believe he can deceive by not telling the whole truth or by allowing people to make their own assumptions, but he can’t lie directly.”
: (25 April, late evening)
“God, John, yes; don’t rub it in. Better yet, let’s just rub each other.” He reached out, cautiously caressing John’s thigh.
“Yeah, we’re together now,” said John. Sherlock flashed a bright, child-like grin, then slouched down far enough to lay his head on John’s shoulder. John stiffened for an instant and then gave way to the urge to ruffle Sherlock’s hair.
“This is his house?” Tim stared in amazement, wide-eyed since they’d driven past the manned gate. “He must be loaded. Is he famous or something?”
“Gross. You have, like, totally ruined my favorite bar.”
“Then make me cum, John. I want to feel the heat of you, moving deep within me, cumming inside me.”
“It’s not a movie, Mr. Lestrade.” Kat looked over at the girls, safely tucked away in their car seats with Steven invisibly watching over them. No wonder John had seemed so grim when he’d loaded them in the car to go to the airport. She prayed silently that he and Sherlock were safe.
“You’re very welcome, Liam. I value your friendship quite a lot. As I said, we creatures of the night have to stick together.”
“Yes. You people owe me an Armani. You do know it’s a bit presumptuous to give me orders, don’t you?” Lucifer’s lips curled with amusement.
“Yeah, well he doesn’t have one now. He’s fresh, he should have one of those
about something.”
“Yes, and you’ll be able to do all sorts of things if you’re careful. There’s a special place where you can practice doing magic without having to worry about accidents. Will you come with me?”
“It’s… from Death.” Sherlock could feel a mild pressure in his mind, along with the intuitive knowledge of what the raven was. He frowned slightly, still uneasy about being a Seer. He glanced over at Greg. “Your tutor, I presume.”
for you. I’ll even bring the donuts. But I can’t give my blessings, if that’s what you want.”
“You’re just going to have to deal with one sentiment. Be careful, and know that I love you.”
“Then
“Because once a seal is broken, it can’t be fixed and creating the last one took a thousand years. Like
“Yeah, he does. He’s the one who arranged all the paperwork so you can be our daughter. He’s not as good at showing how he feels as I am, but I know he loves you too.”
“There’s some redness there. It looks like a minor burn.”
“If it will shut you up about this,
“Yes, it is.” Mycroft sighed mournfully.
“Do we have to discuss
“It’s
“Liam, you don’t have to. I’m perfectly capable of handling that part myself, although it might not be necessary. I enjoy being penetrated, quite a bit. As far as pain goes, one of my female companions is… very creatively sadistic. I enjoy pain and pleasure almost equally, and since my transformation, size isn’t a problem either. If you do any damage, it will heal very rapidly. In a few minutes, I’ll be back to my original condition.”
“What? Do I look like a Greek? Like some petty little wind God?” He stared at the man, slightly affronted. “And after I saved you. Shameful lack of gratitude; so typically mortal.”
“I’m trying to. I don’t… Maybe I
“That Mycroft is the fortunate one. Never mind, John. It doesn’t matter.” Sherlock contemplated, for an instant, the differences between John and Lestrade. He sipped the whisky carefully, wondering if forcing him to admit the truth would be painful for John. Seeing him deny it yet again would most certainly hurt, but it was a pain he’d learned to ignore.
you, as I recall. I wish I could understand how you manage to focus on
“You okay, Anthea?” Greg finally allowed himself to relax when the last team member still in the field returned.
“Mycroft’s…” Greg gestured with his hands. “Big.”
“Why would you be watching that? You don’t even
“He talked kinda weird. He said he was part of your pack now, and that I was a fine pup. He was nice, though…” Tim blushed deeper, his cheeks and ears turning bright red. “And his eyes are really strange. Is he blind in one eye or something?”
“I’ll… be right back.” John grabbed his dressing gown and fled to the washroom. He did need to pee, but he also needed time to collect his thoughts. He’d been very aware, for a moment, that he was lying in bed with another man’s cock pressed against him. He’d also been very aware of his own cock, throbbing in response. It was the latter fact that gave him pause.
And Sherlock stops thinking altogether.
“No, those are my words, not yours!” Watson exclaims, sounding almost angry, “That is the version of you that I present to the public: the brain without a heart; the calculating machine. I write all of that, Holmes, and the readers lap it up, but I do not believe it.”
He whines softly at the loss of contact, saliva cooling on his reddened lips before John is there, on top of him, pressing his lips firmly to Sherlock’s again. Wrapping a hand into Sherlock’s hair, John’s fingers tighten around dark curls as he runs blunt teeth over Sherlock’s bottom lip, biting down gently, mimicking what Sherlock had done before.
He sighs happily, his eyes sliding shut as he presses his forehead up against John’s chest, threading his fingers through the hand that’s currently resting possessively on his hip.
Mycroft fixes him with another knowing look before backing towards the nose of the plane, beckoning Sherlock to follow.
Sherlock blinks back in shock.
“Hey beautiful.”
He worries the skin there with his lips for a moment before biting down hard, eliciting a moan from Sherlock as he pinches the spot over and over again with his teeth, certain that it’ll leave a mark there for everyone to see.
He watches the butterflies chase each other, swooping around in spirals and loops, in and out of the rose bushes, looks on as the clouds above him continue to morph, shift and soar… and yet-
He takes a deep breath, struggling to compose himself in light of this newfound information.
“Well speak for yourself,” he mutters, trying hard to not make eye contact with John.
The water goes cold after a while, the temperature becoming increasingly lukewarm and uncomfortable so John gives Sherlock a knowing glance before exiting the bathroom, leaving him alone to towel himself off. He dries his hair meticulously, slinging the towel low on his hips as he stumbles out of the bathroom, finding John holding out a set of pyjamas for him, blushing furiously.
Why is John trying to wake him up so early?
“Because of this, I spent most of my time there during the day along with Redbeard, exploring the bank and wading into the water every now and then whenever I saw something interesting.”
The post-case sex can happen after dinner, since they’d missed out on it the night before, coming back as late as they had.
“It might not fix everything… But at least it’ll help ease the pain a little,” he says sternly before turning his eyes back to the road. Sherlock huffs, deciding to do the same, a cold silence descending upon them as Sherlock relentlessly keeps mum.
John blinks in reply, lowering his gaze as he fixes his eyes on the floor below.
And that’s when he saw the clock.
He’s never seen Sherlock this hungry before to be honest. Sherlock tends to deny himself food, ignoring his stomach for long periods of time, mostly because his “body is just transport” and his transport “cannot function after ingesting large quantities of food”. However, ever since John has moved in with him, Sherlock has improved. He’s improved
What is he doing?
And this time, John bites down sharply on Sherlock’s nipple and Sherlock cries out, his heart beating fast as his cock engorges swiftly. Clearly, John’s found one of his g spots.
“I need to use the loo,” he mumbles, grabbing a wrinkled, white T-shirt from the bedside, pulling it on swiftly. He dashes for the toilet, cheeks burning furiously, realising belatedly that he's still wearing his pants from last night and must look a sight.
John rolls his eyes, turning back to the container with a broad smile on his face.
“NO IT WON’T BE SHERLOCK!” John cries, whipping his head around to glare at him, Sherlock fixing him with a stern look in turn, an eyebrow quirked upwards in a silent challenge.
John sighs, shaking his head as he moves to sit, reaching out and tugging Sherlock’s hand, encouraging him to follow suit.
However, if he were to be honest, studying is probably one of his least worrying problems right now.
John calms down after an hour.
There’s an uncomfortable silence as Cameron’s glare seems to falter. “I,” he stutters, “I. No. I- She never told me about her, about that.”
Maybe he’s died and gone to heaven, maybe he’s died and is being reborn but who cares really because the feeling of those fingers against his skin feel positively electric.
“So it’s something about Victor then, isn’t it?”
Swinging the door wide open, he purposefully ignores the character sitting on the sofa in the corner of the room, making his way swiftly to the kitchen.
“That’s alright, you always make the best tea anyway, regardless of the blend. What was it you tried to teach me the last time again? About the temperature? Something about-”
Can he just stay here with John forever?
“What was it? What was it? What was that case? Huh? D’you remember?” Moriarty slurs as Sherlock lifts his hands to his face, cupping them over his cheeks.
In Sherlock’s opinion, that little moment had lasted a lifetime, as if time had stopped for a moment, just to give them a space and dimension of their own. He had found himself acutely aware of when he had lost all points of contact with John, as if they had been wrapped around each other for centuries, only to be forcibly pulled apart atom by atom till they existed only as two separate entities.
“But you did intend on killing Sheryl,” Sherlock replies calmly,
And it'd brought tears to his eyes just thinking about it.
He’s never seen John shirtless before, the man is normally too self-conscious. And because of that, this is the first time he’s ever gotten to see John’s scar.
Oh shit.
John remembers watching as Sherlock’s eyes widened visibly, pupils expanding into sky blue irises as he abruptly shut his mouth, biting his bottom lip.
But Sherlock isn’t focusing on the wound.
Sherlock smirks weakly at the thought as he makes his way out of the car.
There’d been Victor Trevor in secondary school. A good friend that had tried coming onto him, testing the boundaries of their relationship with a chaste and close-lipped kiss to his lips. He hadn’t liked Victor in that way though, and had shied away from him the moment the initial shock had worn off.
Why does he have to deal with the real world when his whole world is right here?
“Sherlock, wake up.”
“Perks of dating the British government’s little brother?” Sherlock jokes, trying to diffuse the tension.
And John had fallen.
It’d been the right thing to do and yet, his heart feels empty at the thought of never getting a chance to say those words out loud.
Six months away from John.
Grabbing a bottle of Sherlock's conditioner, John marvells for a moment at the brand and the price tag before slicking his hands with the silky mixture, applying it to Sherlock’s curls.
“What’s London?” John answers, lips pursed, “And what do you mean by space?”
John thankfully relents, withdrawing his fingers slowly as Sherlock hisses, feeling the loss viscerally.
“Now where was I?” Mary cocks her head to one side, feigning deep thought, “Ah yes! Certain death.”
“... been a long day ya know. Classes were tiring… Rugby was tiring...”
Sherlock is silent for a moment.
He pulls back the blanket, revealing what he hopes is an extremely frustrated expression as John drops his ankles, giggling uncontrollably.
If only their meetings could occur under happier circumstances.
At this, John turns on his heels and rushes off towards the stairs. Sherlock stares, eyes blinking in confusion. His gaze trails after John’s retreating figure, waiting till John goes completely out of view before hurrying off to his bedroom. He nearly slams the door behind him before realising that there’s no point anyway since John’s going to come in.
The car slows to a stop, the doors opening to reveal John and Mary.
“Don’t be,” he murmurs as he hands John the mug and the sandwich, the man gazing up at him with a deep sadness before reaching for both items, chugging down the tea (even though it’s probably still hot) as his other hand clenches around the steaming sandwich.
“You didn’t have work today and you needed the sleep, I did no harm,” he says matter-of-factly as he turns back to the stove, setting another piece of rosti onto the pan.
It feels like his brain is swimming in soup, as if he’s lost all sense of coherent thought.
(See the end of the chapter for
, Sherlock thinks, digging into his omelette, revelling in the creamy taste and smooth texture of the egg.
Sherlock has been kissed before.
Sherlock finishes his monologue, his gaze softening even as John’s hair stands on end, inwardly panicking because shit has Sherlock seen through him?
“You’re welcome, sweetheart,” he murmurs, cupping Sherlock’s cheek as he brings the man’s lips down to meet his, “You’re beautiful you know, you really are.”
“So I’m assuming you had a good time?” John inquires, pulling out his box of noodles again.
Mycroft had said that John’s return had accelerated a series of events… but what could he be referring to? And why would John returning to Baker Street have any effect on anything concerning his brother?
“Are you one hundred percent certain that John and I are in danger?” “Yes, indeed you are.”
“Do you not want to be a fath-”
The man recovers quickly, his body stilling as he turns his head, gazing up and smiling at Sherlock and Sherlock returns the favour.
“Wait… All those years?” he sputters, “When did you-”
“Well, exactly,” Sherlock replies, though now a little half-heartedly.
Most of the dreams that he had had had been surprisingly pleasant, often having to do with either John or Redbeard. They had played out like any other typical dream sequence, a mess of splattered colour on white canvas as scenarios morphed and changed with the waxing and waning of his sleep cycle. One moment, it could be John and him alone in a sunny meadow, watching Redbeard as he snuffled and pranced through swaying grass. Another moment, it could be the two of them racing through gritty london streets, mouths open in gasping laughter as they chased after another elusive suspect.
Which means that he will have to relinquish his hold on John at some point. He will have to let John go when the time comes. He will let John go. He will.
“Fit in rugby shorts, do I really?”
Groaning sleepily, Sherlock arches his neck, inclining his head towards the delicious pressure...
John will probably have to leave right after he finishes showering, but not before Sherlock can provide him with a cup of tea and a warm sandwich to carry him on his way.
It’s then that John decides to try something new, licking Sherlock’s lips as a warning before pushing his tongue through, stroking the roof of Sherlock’s mouth slowly.
“We talked as Mycroft helped to bandage up my leg,” he continues, his eyes taking on a faraway look, “and we discovered that we shared similar interests.”
The sound of a wooden chair scraping against ceramic tiles fills the air as John rises from his seat, making his way over to Sherlock.
“Oh come on boys it’s a Sunday afternoon, there’s no need to cause such a racket.”
Moriarty may be Sherlock’s weakness… But John is Sherlock’s strength.
, a voice in his head helpfully supplants.
“It was nothing to do with you,” he speaks gently as Mycroft fixes his eyes on the floor.
John sighs, turning to face him. He gives him a look that reads “No, it really is.” before motioning to Sherlock to dip his head down, rinsing the shampoo out of Sherlock’s hair.
John tries desperately to force a grin as a rather posh looking man makes his way down the bleachers, hurrying towards them.
“It’s alright,” John breathes as Sherlock trembles in his arms, nudging his forehead into John’s chest.
“I want to,” is all he says as John’s pupils expand, eclipsing his light blue irises, “I want you to-”
“Thai, it is,” Sherlock hollers back, hands now coated in soapy detergent.
He’d glanced down in worry, his eyes roving across Sherlock’s face as the man blinked owlishly up at him then, his eyes wide and… terrified?
“Hey. Um… Sherlock?” a voice calls, startling Sherlock for a moment. The photo nearly slides out of his hands.
Oops. Touchy subject. Probably shouldn’t have mentioned that.
Fuck, he’s truly gone on John, isn’t he?
Sherlock opens his mouth to answer, a rebuttal on the tip of his tongue before a voice speaks, barely audible even in the silence of the room.
“John, it really doesn’t matter,” he replies, resting his palm on the bed beside John’s leg, his pinky finger only just about brushing his thigh.
“The Mind Palace is a memory technique,” Mycroft mutters, interrupting him, “I know what it can do... and I know what it most certainly cannot.”
“I wish I could believe you,” is all he says as he rolls over, back to his spot on the sofa beside Sherlock.
He watches John’s face, the admission that he’d prepared himself seemingly doing it for the older man as John’s grin has turned downright filthy.
“Fuck. You,” he spits, his voice gravelly and hoarse as Mary shakes her head, taking a seat once again in the chair before him.
“Sherlock, turn over now, that’s an order,” John snarls sternly, slapping Sherlock’s left butt cheek to make his point clear.
But John refuses to budge, his head stoically downturned.
“You’ve got a question,” he says smoothly, straightening his back as he turns to face John, his friend’s eyes’ wide.
He reaches around Sherlock’s body, dragging Sherlock’s head down to rest beneath his chin, up against his chest.
So Victor isn’t just handsome and rich, he’s funny and good-natured.
Sherlock sighs, allowing John’s fingers to slip from his as he shifts away.
Not this time.
“I’m not going to push anything, but I just want to let you know that whatever it is… that you can talk to me about it. Alright?” she finishes, stalking back over to her workstation.
“But why did you have to lie to me?” He finishes, swallowing the words as if they had burnt his tongue the moment they’d touched it.
“Good idea John,” Sherlock smiles, sidling up to him, “That’ll probably make up for the Dragonite that seems to keep eluding us.”
John then turns his attention to where they’re still joined, pulling out with a soft squelch, shifting back so that Sherlock’s legs fall to the bed, limp from overuse. He zeroes in on Sherlock arsehole, as if trying to see if any damage has been done. However, all that ends up happening is his softening cock twitching a little at the sight of come spilling out of his lover’s entrance.
Sherlock gulps, angling his body slightly away from John’s, beginning to unbutton his shirt and just like that, the atmosphere of the room shifts abruptly. It’s like a thick fog of tension has descended upon them, making Sherlock’s movements slow and uncoordinated. He’s starting to fumble with his buttons and there’s most definitely a fine sheen of sweat on his forehead. He’s suddenly very aware of John’s presence, as if there are invisible tendrils wrapping around them both, threads weaving the very fabric of their skin together, drawing them slowly towards each other. He sees a flash of movement in his peripheral vision, as if John has just suddenly turned his head to face him before swiftly turning it back again, but he can’t be sure.
Sherlock suddenly feels very much awake.
“And your scalp, oh… oh so sensitive,” John murmurs, eliciting a throaty rumble from Sherlock, “You like that don’t you, when I play with your curls?”
Levering himself up on one arm, Sherlock wraps the blanket even more tightly around himself as he pads out of his bedroom into the kitchen.
“Not all of them,” he replies, fixing John with a frustrated frown.
“Sherlock,” John murmurs, pressing one final kiss to the nape of his neck before curling around Sherlock snugly.
He’d managed to keep himself away from John’s room for the better part of 5.64 hours, finally caving in slightly after 1.49 a.m. in the morning when he had decided that he had had enough of speculation.
“HE HATED YOU,” she all but yells, “He hated your drug habit, hated the way you always seemed to care less about him, he hated you, Sherlock. He fucking. Hated. You.”
“No Sherlock if there’s one thing I’m certain of it’s that I’d never abandon you,” John asserts, his voice firm.
He hopes John will understand what he’s about to do.
“It’s just that you were tearing a bit there,” John continues, finger moving to imitate a falling teardrop. “Are you really alright?” he says, still looking slightly worried.
Well, guess he was wrong on that account.
And he doesn’t want that.
“No,” he replies stiffly. “No, it isn’t.”
However, there’s light shining now from underneath his bedroom door. That most certainly hadn’t been there before.
Sherlock reaches for the doorknob, turning it with a loud ‘clack’.
“Oh Sherlock,” John breathes, bending to press a kiss in the man’s hair, “You have no idea how beautiful you are, do you?”
At least he'll be there for John this time.
“Look I have to do this alright. I just… I have a bad feeling,” John stammers, sounding upset.
“I never said he was alive,” Sherlock answers, stopping in his tracks. He turns towards John, slipping his gloves on. “I said he was back.”
“JOHN!”
He waits till Sherlock is properly seated till he begins.
Sherlock fights the urge to shove him off the cliff then and there.
His heart warms a little at the thought before going stone cold again.
John collapses onto him, his body shaking as Sherlock cards his fingers through John’s silky blond hair.
“That will never stop being incredible,” he breathes, his voice filled with wonder.
John buries his face in his hands, shaking his head slowly.
“Poor old Sir Eustace,” he tuts, making his way over to the far end of the living room. “He got what was coming to him.”
Why does John want to dance even, what will that accomplish?
While everything else in his world seems smooth and untouched, the dog tags appear to be worn and battered, as if they’re more real than anything else here.
John flashes him a gentle, crinkled smile.
He’s not experienced pain like this in this universe… ever.
“I’m fine,” John sighs, holding on tightly to the handles of Sherlock’s chair, tugging forcefully to right it, “I think the question should be. Are you okay?”
Sherlock has to act fast.
Several angry teachers, two guilty art students and one dangerous midnight bicycle chase later, John had been swept up into the world of Sherlock Holmes.
Well, I don’t really have much of a choice now do I? I am in your subconscious after all.
TW for case-related descriptions of bodily harm to a victim and slight sexual references
“What are you still doing here?” he intones, squinting his eyes at Mycroft, “Shouldn’t you be off getting me a pardon or something, like a proper big brother?”
He stumbles towards the window now, his heart beating in his throat as he grips John’s dog tags tightly, watching as the door to 221B opens. He looks on as the man gets into the car, taking one last look at the facade of Baker Street before starting the ignition, the car rumbling to life.
Sherlock hums in response, thinking the situation over.
“So I chose Mary… I chose her,” he continues, soldiering on bravely, “Because she was the ‘better option’ but now I see how wrong I was… It started… At the wedding, before we went off to dance. Because I took one look at you and realised that god, I wished it had been you who I’d been married to and-”
“But you still don’t think you’re beautiful darling- at least not that I can tell,” John responds coyly, enjoying every bit of this.
“I’m fine,” he replies calmly, making his way to the bedroom door.
Well... John doesn’t seem to be exhibiting any signs of discomfort… So…
Sherlock raises his head, coming face to face with a burly looking man.
He must know what they're here for, Sherlock thinks as John greets the man, asking him whether they can both come in.
John gives him a cheeky grin.
“You’d be surprised,” he says, watching as Watson smiles back at him, his gaze softening.
And John… John had promised that he’d go back to the desert.
“Really?” Sherlock’s face lights up, “Well in that case, Victor! Come over here. I want you to meet John.”
“On the contrary, I have no view on the matter,” he insists, fixing his eyes on Watson’s, willing the man to drop the matter once and for all.
He reaches out through the bars, snatching the packet away from the man almost violently.
“I can hear you thinking,” John mutters as he shifts his lips away from Sherlock’s, puckered skin glancing across his cheek as John moves to rest his face against the juncture of his neck and collarbone, “Stop thinking.”
Hope you guys like this chapter! And also in light of recent events, hey, nothing is going to stop me from writing more of this. Regardless of what TPTB says, these characters may belong to them but they are shared with us, and I'm going to do whatever the hell I want with them.
He hears Sherlock squeak in response and smiles to himself, pressing his lips up against the dark patch of skin on Sherlock’s side.
He loses himself in the music, remembering the thrill of once again being on a case with John, of finally getting to see him again, of getting to talk to him again. But it was different from before, John was engaged, was in love with Mary and Sherlock had to step aside. For the sake of Mary, for the sake of John… and for his own sake.
“I’m here,” he repeats, slowly guiding the two of them down onto the ground, John clinging onto him like a lifeline as they slide slowly onto the carpeted floor.
“God JOHN! I never slept with her!” he sighs in dismay, “How many times must I get it into your head that I absolutely DO NOT swing that way,”
He’s dead.
“Yeah…” John replies, flashing Sherlock a shy smile, “You did nothing wrong sweetheart- sorry, that just kind of slipped out-”
“Yes Mr. Smarty Pants. Do you have anything else to add?” John scowls, shifting away from the glass casing.
It’s then that Sherlock feels light fingertips whispering across his skin. He hears John give a shuddering breath before he presses a palm to his back, feeling the ridges of the scars that mark his back. John’s fingers caress his skin, tracing the lines from the top of Sherlock’s neck to the waistband of his trousers, leaving a trail of warmth from the top of his back to the base. With every stroke of John’s fingertips, Sherlock feels like the horrible memories that these scars have come with are fading away, that they’re being replaced with the fresh memory of John’s skin on his and it feels absolutely cathartic.
, a perfect rebuttal to Moriarty’s “At the end, it’s always just you and me.” Because if Watson’s arrival has proved anything, it’s that at the end, it’s not just Sherlock and Moriarty, or even Sherlock and his demons… No.
He is seriously so sick of her patronising attitude and frankly, his patience is starting to wear thin.
“So, here we are,” he begins, his eyes flickering around the airfield before they alight on Sherlock’s, their gazes locking and Sherlock finds that he’s at a loss for words.
“I…,” Sherlock chokes, pressing his lips to John’s once more, “I love you too.”
He lets out a long exhale, watching as his breaths turn to puffs of white, curling and mixing with the dust in the air before vanishing.
He makes his way to the door, his umbrella hanging lightly on his forearm almost perfectly, leaving zero creases on the well-starched fabric.
It had been a thorn in his side, a final, resounding reminder of how John was now irrevocably Mary’s.
So, Sherlock is going to have to ensure that John makes the correct decisions that lead him towards what’s best for him. He will not come between John and his happiness. He will most certainly not intervene for any selfish reasons.
John smiles.
“...running an experiment: how would I have solved the crime if I’d been there in 1895?”
Mrs Hudson smiles in response, gathering the polished off plates and empty cups, setting them on the tray.
“Who knows?” he says, shrugging his shoulders as he bites his lip.
“Or... I could go and talk to Mycroft, isn’t that the same thing?” Sherlock quips back, watching with immense satisfaction as John struggles to keep his sniggering under control. He really does enjoy seeing John laugh and enjoys it even more when he’s the reason behind it.
It’s John or him and by god, will he always choose John over himself.
“Wires,” Sherlock finishes, his eyes widening in shock as he recoils from the cupboard as if he’s been burned. “John we have to talk to Mycroft, pronto.”
John's lips soar upwards to claim his with a violence akin to that of a drowning man desperately seeking air. He winds his fingers tighter around Sherlock’s neck, the fingers in his hair tangling further into his curls to draw him closer.
Sherlock looks around the cabin, thinking of a way to dodge the question somehow.
Changing quickly into a new set of pyjamas, he’d burrowed under the blanket, snuggling up closely to John with practically no regard for his friend’s personal space before falling soundly asleep.
He’s already dressed in a dark blue T-shirt and jeans, clutching one of the bags that Sherlock had seen him carrying into Baker Street when he’d first arrived back.
he thinks,
He sighs deeply, a stray tear darting across his cheek.
He could have done so much better, could have realised that there was something off about Mary before he jumped off a metaphorical cliff in his mind palace. In fact, he probably should have had his guard up ever since she shot him… NO further back than that, when he deduced that she was a liar.
“He never did that because of m-”
“I know,” John huffs, a worn smile on his face, “Disgusting isn’t it?”
The man is already breathing heavily as he drags John into the room, tugging him almost mindlessly towards himself. Thankfully, John still has enough presence of mind to lock the door.
Sherlock’s not entirely sure what happens next.
And this time, the other plate isn’t blank.
Wait, when did that happen?
Because John needs Sherlock like he needs air.
His breaths deepen as he hands the jacket back to Sherlock, watching as Sherlock slips it on almost gleefully, the cuffs fitting tightly over his wrists.
God, that took forever. Well at least I’m home safe now, and all the happier for it.
There’s a blackened hole where his brain should have been, the ridges of the wound rough and puckered.
He smiles, a hand reaching up to stroke John’s chest. He thinks about their come mingling in the water surrounding them, bits and pieces of their DNA sticking to each other’s skin, the tiny bit of come he’s currently rubbing onto John’s body-
He breathes in deeply one more time, his eyes falling closed as he speaks into the phone.
“I- I’m sorry. I just- I doubted you sometimes you know, doubted whether you were even real. I- It was just horrible. For the first time in my life I felt reality shift under my feet and I wanted something a bit more solid, a bit more safe, a bit more stable. That’s why-”
“Oh dear god,” she cries, her eyes tearing slightly as she bends back into Sherlock’s personal space, “You didn’t know? Since the beginning? I thought you knew HAH!”
“David doesn’t clean and he definitely would have no reason to even clean this bathroom unless someone came over. And almost no one comes over. In brevi, it would have been extremely easy for Mary to hide something here if she wished.”
Rising from his bed, John makes for the garden he’d created a few hours before, setting himself down on top of a tiny swing chair hanging from the branch of an oak tree.
Sherlock scowls, but there's little venom to it. He has hardly any time to respond before John attempts to whomp him in the stomach.
Next chapter will be up very very soon
“She’s the one who passed me the drugs in the cell, that’s how I got them-”
They ride home in silence.
“What mission?” he whispers, his hands falling to his side as he stares back at John, confused.
“That’s not fair,” he spouts, “There’s two of you!”
What the actual hell?
Sherlock risks a glance in John’s direction, finding that John is looking just as embarrassed as he’s feeling.
His subconsciousness hasn’t meddled with his mind palace since the incident at the greenhouse in the Carmichael house… Meaning that it would only have been a matter of time before it brought back something else to haunt him.
Sherlock turns his head, like a moth drawn to a flame, towards the source of the noise.
He grunts in frustration, turning over so that he is face down on the duvet. This is giving him a headache.
He closes his eyes, sighing deeply, feeling positively miserable.
, Sherlock thinks,
“FUCK!” he yells, his eyes smarting as he stands up abruptly, taking a swipe at the object nearest to him (which just so happens to be Mycroft’s metal pencil holder). It clatters to the floor, spilling its contents out in a messy spiral. Mycroft flinches, John does not. “WHY DIDN’T EITHER OF YOU TELL ME THIS BEFORE.”
Speaking of which, where is Sherlock anyway?
“I’m fine,” he says softly. “It just... it kind of-” he babbles a bit before looking up at Sherlock. Their gazes meet and Sherlock sees sadness and a bit of sorrow hidden behind John’s blue eyes and he wants nothing more than for it to disappear.
“I expected Sheryl to drink it that night, that girl could never resist a good drink. So I fully expected to wake up the next morning and have Jem frantically calling me, telling her that her girlfriend was dead. However, no such call came so I worried and went to check on them. That… that BITCH,” he cries, the venom palpable in his voice, “Had somehow convinced her to have some of the vodka and they were both lying there dead, DEAD on that bed of hers.”
He waits till John stops giggling before continuing. As much as he hates for John to be jolted back to reality, time is of the essence here.
He’s such a failure.
But John’s senses aren’t dulled by alcohol anymore, his feelings not unknowingly put on display, not like before.
“And… You have the most amazing feet-”
His trigger finger twitches.
“Be ready about 6.30-ish?”
The man truly believes himself to be on a higher plane than him or John when the truth is so far from that.
He plants a kiss on John’s chest, smiling groggily as John starts to snore, the soft snuffling pervading the silent room.
“Sherlock it’s time-”
“Since it’s unlikely we’ll ever meet again, I might as well say it now.”
They're fairly new-ish. The paint on the lobby door is peeling a bit but it's nothing a quick touch-up can't fix. The facade implies something mid-range price-wise, basically flats with generously-sized rooms. Seems decent… perfect for a bachelor really.
“Hello, Mary,” he says, maintaining a tone of indifference, “What compels you to call me at this late hour?”
“I’m fine.”
“I’m here,” he says as John lets out a loud sob, fisting his hands in the front of Sherlock’s shirt. “I’m here. I’m here. I’m here.”
“Have you been sleeping even? God, Sherlock you look like shit,” John exclaims as he shifts closer to Sherlock, examining his face with doctorly concern.
He turns to face him, Sherlock taking in the slump in John’s shoulders, the broken look in his eyes before John buries his face in his neck.
“John?” he whispers, voice quivering as he turns his face around, hoping that John isn’t too repulsed by the scars on his back.
Sherlock sits up, suddenly feeling more awake as his eyes meet John’s, their gazes locking.
He turns to look at John one more time, drinking in his still sleeping form, his half-opened mouth, his cherry red lips that had been on Sherlock’s just a mere hours before, his red-rimmed eyes...
Sherlock sighs as John ends the call, the audible tap on the other side of the line ringing in his ears as he sets his phone down on the sofa.
It’s not like John’s entitled to anything that Sherlock has to offer, especially his affection and adoration and he shouldn’t be thinking of him as such.
He finishes the list, tucking it away into his coat pocket.
The engraving is rough against his skin, the surface of the metal scratched and uneven as Sherlock lets it fall back against his chest.
That’s not how John wants the man to come.
“Do you have any idea how beautiful your cock is,” John bends down, nuzzling against the root and inhaling deeply. It smells like sweat and sex and Sherlock and oh isn’t that the headiest combination…
What were these things? Were they hallucinations? Errors in John’s universe or something far more sinister…
, he types, pressing the “send” button with a flourish as he bundles John out of the lift, charging towards the waiting car.
In short, Victor Trevor is probably a posh, intelligent git who is better than John Watson in every known way and most definitely has a better shot at becoming Sherlock’s boyfriend than John does.
“I will never let something like this happen to you again,” John murmurs as Sherlock buries his face in the juncture of John’s neck and shoulder, “Never.”
“Yep,” Sherlock answers, nodding his head slowly, “I wasn’t that hungry in the first place anyway.”
He’d blinked his eyes, shocked and confused.
“Children… At school…” Sherlock cuts him off, his electric blue irises suddenly losing their shine, turning a darker shade of sea blue, “Used to remark that I looked like an alien.”
Mycroft gazes up at Sherlock and sighs again before leaning further back into John’s chair.
The cab’s engine revs, a loud, guttural spurt as it shifts away from the pavement, out onto the street.
And if he's lucky, he might even get a chance to see the “ghost” in action… How very interesting indeed, he thinks to himself as Watson makes an aborted grunt, rising slowly from the greenhouse floor.
Sherlock turns to face Mycroft, his brother flashing him a sullen, angry look as he shakes his head. However, John comes to his rescue.
“Sherlock,” John breathes when they separate, their breaths mingling as they gasp for as much air as possible, “Sherlock, upstairs. Bedroom. Now.”
“Sherlock, are you alright?” John questions, still breathing heavily as he stares up at Sherlock, his face a mess of confusion.
“You told me you did it to protect me. That much I understand… But-” John’s voice cracks, his irises turning a misty teal as he dips his chin, refusing to meet Sherlock’s eyes.
a part of his brain yells at him.
“I... I’m sorry I don’t think I do.”
He finishes, wiping his face on his towel as he prepares to step outside. Sherlock prods the door gently, feeling the hinge give a bit before pushing it fully open.
“Fuck,” is all John can muster as he pulls Sherlock into an embrace, a finger dancing along the rim of Sherlock’s sphincter, meeting sticky warmth there, “Fuck-”
Everything he’d thought of in the last few minutes evaporates at the sight of John’s face.
He brings his own pillow down to defend himself, sparring with John as he proceeds to rain down soft blow after soft blow upon him.
There was nothing then, nothing else to keep them apart. With Mary and the baby sorted out and Moriarty finally dead and gone, there had been no more reason to hold back, no more cause for hesitation.
“Then we’ll be ready,” Sherlock answers firmly, squeezing John’s shoulder, “I promise you, John, nothing will ever keep us apart.”
And then Sherlock had simply stalled, as if the words had registered in his head with sudden clarity. He’d trembled for a moment, his lip wobbling before he’d collapsed into John’s arms.
Doesn’t she?
John takes a deep breath.
Well bully for me, I’m supposed to be the good, loving, caring husband. Remember?
“That’s my girl,” he replies, trying to sound as cheerful as possible as he smiles back. He watches as Mary turns around, cutting a jarring figure into the landscape as she walks over to John’s side.
John’s kisses feel like fire and ice, strong and powerful in their intensity, burning into skin wherever they make contact… and yet… Sherlock doesn’t feel scared or uncomfortable, not like before.
And if they dance and John’s suspicions are confirmed (because John clearly already suspects something), what will happen to their friendship? Will he be able to salvage it?
Sherlock can’t look away even if he wants to, not this time. He watches John as his features shift and morph in shadow, his chiselled chin beautifully defined as they move closer to the lamplight.
Oh god, that… hurt.
She should know, though, that Mycroft has cameras all over Britain and would probably be able to find where he’d disappeared off to extremely easily.
He locks eyes with Mycroft, his brother holding his gaze as his face morphs into something softer, something a lot more... human.
“The man was getting too dangerous, that much was clear after he’d committed that mass break-in. His network was getting too extensive, he had to be stopped. What we hadn’t planned for, was Moriarty killing himself. We'd initially planned on capturing him after he threatened to kill you."
He watches in slow motion as Moriarty raises a fist to his face, punching him with all his might. The force causes him to reel back and he ends up tripping and stumbling onto the ground.
The figure blinks once more, cocking its head in slight confusion.
This can’t be true. It can’t be. If so he’s colossally fucked up because-
“But I do appreciate the apology, thank you,” she finishes, changing her tone completely as she smiles sweetly and innocently at him, proceeding to gingerly transfer John's cup and saucer over to his side of the table, setting them down gently.
While the previous room had been dull and drab, this one seems to have more… colour and life in it. The curtains are a bright yellow, the walls whitewashed and clean. Heck, even the ceiling isn’t peeling anymore!
“Read it,” he mumbles dejectedly.
“Er…” Sherlock murmurs. He runs through a list of his possible options before replying.
Is there any way he can get out of his bonds?
Hit me up on
John stands stock still for a moment, his eyes wide before they’re crinkled shut. He turns away, his lips opening in a silent chuckle.
It’s a bit disheartening, seeing John like this. He’s always been the sunny, confident, golden boy to her, unfazed by anything that life throws at him, so it does come as a shock to her, seeing John so despondent like this.
“Mmmmmm,” John murmurs, kissing Sherlock’s cheek as Sherlock’s hips begin to stutter, signalling that he’s close.
Sherlock whips his eyes around, finding himself face to face with sparkling blue eyes that shine brightly in the darkness.
“Ok fine, what about that time when both of you came with me to pride and held hands all throughout the march.”
I'M IN SUCH A GOOD MOOD SO HERE HAVE THIS CHAPTER. GO TEAM SINGAPORE!!!
He remembers ages ago, their positions reversed, when it had been John who was soothing his nightmares away, tethering him to reality.
John rises from his seat, making his way to the fireplace.
“He couldn’t have taken all of that in the last five minutes,” John breathes.
“Wait John?” Sherlock splutters, whipping his head immediately to face him, “But how-”
He almost makes to rise from his seat before he remembers.
He rolls over onto his front, smushing his face into his still damp pillow. Why can’t his transport behave for once and give him just a few more hours of shut-eye? He lies there for another five minutes, screwing his eyes shut. It’s not working.
“But how?” John asks cheekily, even though he clearly knows the answer.
“Alright,” he rasps, resigned, “Alright.”
An uncomfortable pause follows. Sherlock and John lock eyes with each other, waiting for someone to make a move. John’s the one who does it. He sighs and turns his face away, breaking eye contact with Sherlock.
“John, I- I was going to tell you,” Sherlock stammers out, fingers clutching the bedsheets tightly.
John flings himself onto the bed, curling up into himself as multiple scenarios of Sherlock leaving him race through his mind.
When it had come to his past girlfriends and boyfriends, John had always been certain that his potential partners liked him enough not to reject him. However, with Sherlock, one can’t ever be too sure.
Sherlock shudders in John’s arms, his back arching off the bed as John unwittingly strikes the bundle of nerves within him, setting off sparks behind his eyelids.
His bedroom door creaks open but he merely dismisses it as background noise as he continues to rock his body forward, his eyes clenched tight as tears begin to drip slowly down his cheeks.
Oops.
John nods, looking the most upset that Mike has ever seen him.
Sherlock can’t see it but he can hear the frown in John’s voice as the man speaks.
He shouldn’t be doing this, shouldn’t be…
“-if you confessed to him right now, I’m sure he’d say yes.”
“Did you really?” Sherlock interrupts, his breathing shallow and harsh.
“Morning John,” Sherlock sighs happily, a hand curling around his shoulder to rest in John’s hair, “Or should I say, good evening.”
But he has time now.
Sherlock blinks at him for a moment, stunned in every sense of the word.
“We’re running out of time Sherlock,” Mycroft straightens up, his hands pressed firmly onto the handle of his umbrella. “I can’t tell you exactly what for just yet-”
His hair is dusty, disgusting and greasy and the first thing he wants to do is wash any residue remaining in it out.
Because all of a sudden, he'd thought of life after that, life without John.
John 1, Sherlock 0.
“I- I” Sherlock stutters, his face growing redder and redder as he sinks further into the chair. “Look, we did actually get caught in a traffic jam, alright? Victor wanted to go to this Pokestop on the other side of town so we drove down but ended up getting caught in a traffic jam coming back-”
It was the adrenaline rush, the deductions, the dry wit... everything! Everything that was Sherlock Holmes just seemed to resonate with him on some higher emotional plane that John had yet to give name to.
Hah, maybe it won’t even matter to John.
Sherlock is silent at this so John continues.
Another day has gone by without him talking to Sherlock.
“I went to him to seek help over the Mary situation,” John explains, exhaling in exasperation, “Look, Sherlock, I really don’t love her anymore and if I could’ve I would have divorced her the day I found out that she shot you.”
“Fuck,” he utters, tears threatening to spill over as he struggles to compose himself.
“I mean, did you think I didn’t notice? You left your bloody violin back on the stage. I had to pass it to you. Not to mention the fact that a few minutes after I finished dancing with Mary, I went looking for you and you were nowhere to be found!”
John’s eyebrows furrow.
Sherlock nods vigorously in response and John pulls them up and off, shifting downwards to drag them off his legs. His cock springs free the moment John gets the piece of fabric out of the way, the tip flushed pink and coming to rest near his navel.
“Good morning boys,” she chirps energetically as Sherlock breathes a silent sigh of relief.
His head is swimming, his vision starting to fade as pleasure begins to mount. He’s losing himself in a haze of endorphins and for some reason… He doesn’t seem to mind. Maybe it’s because John is there… Maybe...
If John didn’t know better, he’d say that his heart was melting.
“Okay,” he murmurs, his heartbeat slowing as he lifts his face to meet John’s, pressing his lips gently against his. “Okay.”
He’s going to draw this out for as long as he possibly can.
And now… now at the edge of the waterfall and in the deepest, darkest part of Sherlock’s mind. His subconscious is trying to tell him that he might not be emotionally strong enough on his own to deal with his own problems and that of John’s, but that together - they are stronger. That they are better together and can face any obstacle that life throws their way.
And suddenly, John can’t breathe.
“I was hoping you’d provide me with some insight into the matter.”
He takes a deep breath before continuing.
Moriarty shakes his head.
He’s about to toss the shirt and jacket away before Sherlock rests a hand on his arm, tugging at it gently.
“Of course,” he says, still grinning, “Of course you do, John.”
John is tearing, his voice wobbling as he presses his lips into a thin line, forcing himself to continue.
“... I know exactly what he’s going to do next.”
He cries out involuntarily as John gives an experimental squeeze, his body trembling as his cock begins to fill out.
It’s different from the fingers, much much different.
“John, where are we going?” Sherlock manages, turning now to face John square on.
“Sorry for not remembering Sher-”
“I excused myself to come back and pack my stuff,” he smiles, chuckling happily, “I’m so happy that you’re still here.”
He’s not sure why but at the last sentence John flashes a panicked look at Mycroft, his eyes widening in shock.
“Of course I did,” Sherlock huffs, smiling, “I really do trust you with my life, you know? I hope you know that.”
He gives John a pleading look that reads “Please help me defuse this ticking time bomb. I don't want her to explode. Please.” This is met with a shrug and a slight smirk from John, as if to say, “Sorry, you're on your own.”
“Err...” he mutters, “After we shower so I’d say… around 6.30?”
After those harrowing three weeks with Mary, John deserves some reprieve, some pampering even. Sherlock hopes that Mary hasn’t been too hard on him for all those weeks that he’s missed over at Baker Street, hopes that she hasn’t seen through the front that John has been struggling to uphold.
“Between you and me, John,” he says, his voice ringing loud and clear, “I always survive a fall.”
He checks the clock on the wall - It’s 4 a.m. It’s high time they both went to bed.
Never to see John again.
He drops the top half with Mary’s writing into the toilet bowl, watching with great satisfaction as it’s flushed down into the sewer, where it belongs.
So John will be back home, back here in Sherlock’s arms by nighttime.
“That impressive, huh?” he teases as he pinches the tip of the rubber, rolling it on. Sherlock merely blinks in response, his eyes widening as John opens the lube packet, rubbing it in his hands to warm it before coating his cock liberally with it.
“Don’t worry...” she says, Sherlock sensing her grin through her words. She knows that he’s taken the drugs - that she’s won. But right now, Sherlock can’t be arsed to care about it.
Which is strange, because John barely remembers him. He doesn’t even know anything about their relationship, who they were to each other, how they met even.
, it reads,
Maybe it’s time Sherlock helped set his friend on the right track.
Thankfully, the rattling and shaking slows to an eventual stop, the room returning to its previous pristine condition as Sherlock opens his eyes… only to find Moriarty holding a pistol right next to his chin.
But wait.
And… all of that. The kiss… the mind-blowing sex. God, Sherlock’s never experienced anything like that before, never wanted to experience anything like that before. But now that John’s introduced him to it… Sherlock wants more.
“If anyone can show just cause why this couple cannot lawfully be joined together in matrimony, let them. Speak now or forever hold your peace,” the preacher had said, almost bellowing in Sherlock’s ear.
John frowns, still seated as he turns to face the mantel. Sherlock narrows his eyes as well, scrutinising the package from his seat.
He hadn’t expected that.
It was then that John’s breath had caught in his throat, alerting Sherlock to the fact that John had woken up. Freezing still for a moment, the knowledge that this intimacy might not be very welcome came flooding back to him. He had shifted uncomfortably, wondering whether he should move to get off the bed and flee or if he should stay put and let John flee instead.
Laving the raised skin there with the pebbled muscle, he smirks as Sherlock gasps, sending a vibration up the column of his throat before John closes his lips around his Adam’s apple and sucks hard.
He doesn’t elaborate further and Sherlock doesn’t probe, watching as John shuffles toward the bedroom door.
Thanking his army-borne reflexes, John had reached immediately for Sherlock, hauling him up by his armpits.
“John,” Sherlock smiles, “I know you’d never force me to do something I didn’t want to do. And yes, you might have had those thoughts, but what’s important is that you didn’t act on them. John, our character is more so judged by what we do rather than the thoughts our mind randomly generates.”
“Of course I’m sure,” Sherlock rolls his eyes, “I’ve never been sure of anything more in my life! Can’t we just get back to our dorm already. I left my coat back there and I’m starting to get cold.”
“Sherlock, you are absolutely adorable, do you know that?” John interrupts, reaching up to ruffle Sherlock’s hair.
“Hi Irene,” he says gloomily, turning around to face her.
John’s face fills up the bottom right corner of the photo (clearly the photo had been a selfie), trying his best to mimic Sherlock’s foul expression.
“Don’t worry, I wouldn’t dream of it, I interact with him more than enough on a monthly basis. I wouldn’t put myself in a position where I would be forced to endure more,” Sherlock replies, taking a swig from his water glass.
John smiles.
Sherlock’s cheeks flush a deep red.
Magnussen smirks at him at the sound of Mycroft’s voice, his eyes narrowing down to slits as he gazes at Sherlock, a delighted smile adorning his face.
“John, John please,” Sherlock is trembling now, his body writhing as his hips make aborted thrusts upwards, his cock seeking friction, “John please I’m-”
John smiles up at him in response. His eyes are an iridescent blue, a gentle gradient that goes from dark blue at the tips of his irises to sparkling cerulean at the base.
“Are you sure about this John?”
“Same for me I guess…” Sherlock replies, coming back to himself, “You were such a force of nature and I… I'd repressed too much of myself for so long so when you came along… frankly, I was terrified, about how willing I was to be so open with you, of how willing I was to let you in.”
Sherlock’s bow trembles as he begins a sombre chorus, a series of low, long-drawn out notes that seep into his skin.
He shakes his head, snatching his bag and stepping into the shower.
The first thing that Sherlock notices when he enters the room is that it is just as cold in here as it is outside, which is strange because it’s late November.
“BECAUSE I NEED TO KNOW,” John snarls, his face livid as he fixes his eyes on Sherlock, slowing the car down to a crawl to address him properly.
“John…”
“John-”
, he shoots back,
He feels bile rising in his throat as he throws the letter away, watching it float away off into a corner of the room.
Mycroft pivots himself on his umbrella, moving to stand up.
Oh my god.
Try to kill him?
God, he knew that John treasured their friendship immensely but having a photo of them next to his bedside table? He hadn’t expected that.
Moriarty’s smile widens at the last sentence.
He really doesn’t.
“Hmmm…” Sherlock hums, turning to face John for a moment before turning back towards the door.
John chuckles nervously at Sherlock’s query, giving Sherlock’s hand a few strong squeezes before letting it go.
John beams as he makes his way over to the bleachers, shrugging off his fellow teammates’ praises. He can’t believe he’d actually managed to make that try. It’d all happened in slow motion… and all of a sudden the game was over and John had scored the winning goal.
Sherlock sighs in response, his head falling back against the pillow as John pushes in slowly, moaning softly before Sherlock stills in response. He stops for a moment, waiting for Sherlock to catch his breath before the man nods again, egging him on until he’s fully sheathed inside Sherlock’s body.
“Thanks Mike…” John mumbles, grinning up at him.
“In that case, I never want to stop,” he breathes.
Sherlock sighs, turning to face John.
The moment the door closes behind them, John is on him in an instant, pinning him to the landing wall in one swift motion. Thank god Mrs Hudson isn’t around, otherwise, the sound of that ‘thud’ alone would have woken her up.
But if it was the right decision to make, the best choice for the sake of John’s happiness… Then why isn’t he able to rest easy at all?
“Why don’t we have a chat?” he says, leaping up from his chair and racing towards The Bride as Watson follows.
“Oh sure”, he replies, face remaining completely neutral.
Sherlock flinches at the response, willing himself desperately not to press his lips back to John’s because if John doesn’t love Mary anymore…
He’d wanted to raise his hand right then and there, a silent rejection of his best friend’s bid for marriage… no even worse - he’d wanted to scream.
The house in question is situated just on the fringe of the downs. It’s a two-storey cottage complete with a small stable in the backyard. Apparently, the previous owner used to keep ponies. However, Sherlock has been informed that it’s now more a storage shed than anything else. Mycroft has also promised him Wi-Fi.
~-~-~-~
John shifts uncomfortably in his seat.
“I came in this morning to pass you breakfast but you were still asleep!” she sighs and says, putting on a faux expression of utter dejection. Sherlock’s blood runs cold, oh god how much had she seen?
He hopes.
“Would you like to come for lunch tomorrow with Mike and I?” he repeats, fixing Sherlock with a broad grin. “I promise you that it’ll be fun… and cheap.”
He smears it over his fingers as well, ensuring that each is properly slicked up before reaching downwards, tracing a finger slowly down Sherlock’s perineum before reaching the furled hole at the back.
“Impertinent!” Watson says, his voice loud and authoritative.
Magnussen is scum, nothing better than scum.
If there was one thing he hadn’t been expecting, it was this.
Sherlock freezes at this, his blood running cold.
He had had everything going for him before Sherlock had come back and yet...
Well… for the time being there may be one item of information that he can relinquish to John without him becoming a puddle of emotion, and that is-
It took a lot of work, most of which involved Sherlock pressing soft kisses to the man’s forehead, his cheeks, his lips as he stroked John’s back slowly, reminding him of his presence, reminding him that he was there, that he wasn’t going to leave.
“You’re the most beautiful, most gorgeous… MINE,” he bends his head, licking a line up the column of Sherlock’s throat as Sherlock trembles, his body shaking as John turns his attention to his collarbone instead, biting down hard.
And onto his prostrate.
“I’m not sure if I have anything that fits you Sherlock,” he blushes as he answers, stepping into his pyjama pants. “I didn’t exactly… anticipate this. But I do have a jumper you can wear. It’s quite cold-”
“You hate the food here too, often complaining about how greasy and oily most of it is, so much so that you prefer Thai takeaway to restaurant food. And you absolutely detest the weather, as many of your post-rugby rants can attest to.”
Gravel crunches loudly under his feet, his senses amplified by the drugs and Sherlock sighs.
"Before they’d admitted anything to each other, before Sherlock had confessed, the separation had been easy to handle. There hadn’t been any spoken promises, whispered assurances, nothing tethering them wholly to the other.
He has next to no idea what to expect when he goes through that door. What happens afterwards could very possibly result in his death and oh… that’s not the best outcome now, is it?
“You’re scared of losing control, aren’t you?” Sherlock murmurs, unbuttoning his pants and shifting them up and off his waist, “Scared of hurting me?”
The warmth of John’s fingers, however, are a stark contrast to the cool of his skin. So when John begins to draw patterns once again onto the scars, the dips and creases of mangled tissue on his back, Sherlock feels them all the more strongly, as if John’s fingers have left fiery trails across his body.
I love you too.
Cameron glowers at Sherlock before continuing, “Jem and I have been best friends for years and I only had her best interests at heart!” He pauses for a moment, breathing heavily. “She told me about a year ago that she was seeing Sheryl, that she was unlike any other person that she’d met before. And before long, I started seeing less of her. She invited me to meet Sheryl a bit later and I didn’t like her one bit. She had this really mysterious air... and this really mean demeanor… I hated her from the first time we met and I think she suspected it too. However, Jem always thought we were the best of buds so we went on group outings a few times. But eventually, those stopped altogether and then we ceased communication entirely. I heard of their exploits through friends and friends of friends and didn’t like them one bit. No one knew the true nature of their relationship though. In fact, most people hadn’t managed to put two and two together that they were even close. They were always careful enough to arrive and leave at different times. I was the only one who-”
“A formidable
It was that necklace.
“John please just, god just…” Sherlock babbles as John hums around him, finally releasing his balls as he jerks up off the bed, “FUCK ME ALREADY PLEASE-”
“Lestrade, they were found on a bed. For godsakes, do keep up,” Sherlock continues, slightly miffed by Lestrade’s idiocy. “Well... That and the fact that there was a bottle of lube next to the bed hidden amongst the tenant’s hair care products. The bottle had a receipt underneath, the time stamp being only a few hours before the women were supposed to have died. Your team must have found that at
John couldn’t possibly be back this early, could he?
“You’re not the one who’s working you know,” she rolls her eyes and replies, returning to swipe a flask of hydrochloric acid from Sherlock’s table before going back to the bowl of slush, extracting a sample carefully with a pipette.
Whether that had been because John had drunkenly confessed to his team that he had a crush on Sherlock one night, John doesn’t really know. But it’d been nice to see the rest of his team taking it upon themselves to take Sherlock under their wing.
And because of this, John steps out of the shower first, wiping himself down with a towel, waiting till Sherlock finishes before handing it to him. Sherlock takes it gladly, wrapping himself in it and stepping out of the shower. (There’s unfortunately only one towel and it seems that the hotel had only set up the room for a one person stay)
They deserve to have proper answers
After all this time, John still believes in the best of him… Which makes this betrayal feel even worse.
“We’ve covered all the exhibits in this area, so let’s move on to the next atrium, shall we?” he sneers, setting off at a brisk pace that seems to startle John for a moment before he follows Sherlock’s lead, the corners of his mouth upturned in a wide grin as he catches up to him, matching his friend footstep for footstep till they’re walking in tandem.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, freeing himself of his coat before dragging his chair closer to John’s.
The space surrounding him seems far more empty now that Sherlock’s voice isn’t there to occupy it, far less enticing… As if nothing means anything anymore without Sherlock’s presence.
Sherlock’s not entirely sure when he fell asleep.
“Do you?” John breathes, hope rising in his chest, “Have you? How long…”
He watches as John’s head rises from the table, blinking up at him as if in a stupor.
John freezes, letting the gravity of the situation settle. There’s absolute silence between the two of them, Sherlock staring at him, stock still and unmoving as John blinks… once… twice…
“What kept you?” he murmurs, watching as foamy bubbles pop and burst on the surface of the bath, prickling his skin.
“So how do you know it’s him?” Lestrade queries, looking extremely curious.
Thank god they’ve paid already, John thinks to himself as he follows his teammates out of the door reluctantly, still miserable.
“Positive,” the man quips, nodding his head, “We’ve been playing Moriarty's game for far too long, the two of us, I think it's time we end this once and for all.”
Sherlock has told Lestrade to wait in his car till they’ve completed the investigation. Police presence is often counterproductive when it comes to situations like these and judging Cameron’s current state, any interrogation in that sort of charged atmosphere is definitely not a good idea.
“I can’t believe she played me like that,” he chuckles sadly, “Played me like a fucking fiddle. She tells me that she loves me, that she cares for me more than anyone else in the entire world and runs off and has a baby with someone else.”
He’s never had bedroom slippers before.
Sherlock tries to muster the most sinister grin he can at the moment - which doesn’t quite make the cut since he’s still pretty drowsy so it probably comes out more annoyed than angry.
This isn’t the room he’s normally in.
“It’sokay,” Sherlock slurs. His eyes are closed now and he can feel sleep pulling him under. “M’sorry too.”
And as much as Sherlock hates to admit it, Mary’s words do seem to resonate with the current situation.
, he thinks to himself, trying to process everything that’s happened in the last hour.
John draws his face away from Sherlock’s slowly, coarse stubble brushing against smooth skin as he pulls away to get a good look at Sherlock’s face.
, John had thought.
Nodding his head in reply, Sherlock turns his attention back to his phone, watching as John does an exaggerated yawn out of the corner of his eye, collapsing onto their bed with a loud ‘thump’.
away.”
“How do you want to do this?” he murmurs, uncapping the bottle and squeezing some onto his palm, “On your front or? Also, do you have condoms in your drawer that I can use?”
He thanks his lucky stars that he hadn’t filled it too full. He wouldn’t want to explain a flooded floor to an irate hotel manager.
That should leave enough space for dinner.
“That must have been uncomfortable,” he says, scrunching his brow and peering at the shoe once more before continuing.
I love you, he wants to say.
Yeah they really need another bath.
He used to go to John’s room every now and then, making his way upstairs every time he had a particularly hard case and John wasn't free. It'd been far easier to conjure John up in his mind palace in that room than anywhere else in the flat, surrounded by John's familiar, still lingering smell and the accumulated detritus he’d left behind from the 2 years that he’d lived there. Despite this, the John in his mind palace had only been an adequate sounding board, nothing more, nothing less. His imaginings had always paled in comparison to the real John, whose opinions or responses had always been unexpected and stimulating.
“Sherlock is actually a girl’s name.”
John is beside him somewhere… but it seems like he… isn’t moving?
He’s currently clutching several plastic bags, all of which he had had to pay for because he’d forgotten to bring bags of his own. He might have gone a little overboard, he muses, seeing as he’s bought at least two jugs of milk and three cartons of eggs (one never knows when one might need raw materials for experiments).
He whines in response, his lips automatically following John’s, seeking contact once again but John shifts away, flashing Sherlock a predatory grin before scooting down the bed, an answering hardness brushing past Sherlock’s calf as John’s face coming to rest near his groin.
John produces a bitten off laugh at this, as does Mike. Irene smirks at both of them, certain that she’s finally gotten through John’s thick skin.
He makes a mental note to remind John to oil the hinges as soon as possible.
“Dear Lord,” he mutters, even as Watson continues to stare at him intently “I have never been so impatient to be attacked by a murderous ghost!”
He pauses, his thumb brushing across the long line of bone in reverence. There’s a purpling bruise on the left side from where he’d bitten it earlier, the crisscrossing lines of purple skin dark against Sherlock’s alabaster collarbone and something dark and territorial awakes in John’s chest.
that?” Improvising, Greg pulled out his I.D. and called up to her. “Scotland yard, Ma’am. Can you come down, so we can have a word?”
: (19 April, early morning)
“Greg, the thing, you know. I
Mycroft hesitantly looked in the mirror, his eyes automatically focusing on Greg. He met his lover’s gaze in the mirror, blushing as he forced himself to look at his own reflection. While he still couldn’t see himself as sexy, an unexpected thrill ran through him as he watched his lover jerking him off. Greg shifted his angle, and Mycroft moaned as the head slid across his prostate. He picked up the pace, his hand moving in perfect rhythm to the thrusting of his hips.
“Those two… they don’t carry on in front of you, do they?”
“We haven’t set an exact date, but three months from now.”
Sherlock moaned John’s name, long and low and harsh with passion as he drove himself in deep, cum pumping from his cock. When he was finally emptied, he slid back down John’s body, engulfing his cock. His tongue slithered against the underside as he swallowed it, muscles at the back of his throat contracting around the crown.
he’d done it, and then it occurred to him that it had been
“Oh… Dear Lord. Fenris… that was… most enjoyable.”
“I do have to admit I don’t like leaving him alone with you. He was very… flirtatious at dinner last night.”
The corpse beneath her stirred, the body filling out as rotting flesh transformed back to living skin. His chest heaved as he breathed in, and his dark brown eyes fluttered open.
“Whatever this is, it’s
“Isn’t it? You’re perfectly willing to go through physical agony to spare someone else. You didn’t even hesitate when you realized he was injured. Is it really that different from going through emotional pain to help others?”
have some experience there, and since you’re not a complete idiot, I thought I might seek your opinion on the subject.”
not the squishy one.”
When he was ready, Greg pressed into him, tenderly yet fiercely claiming him more with each stroke. Mycroft’s hands grasped the sheets, tightening and untightening as he arched himself against Greg, seeking to drive him deeper.
“What do you mean, make a bond with her? And if he’s so harmless, exactly how could he protect her?”
“Yeah, I expected you
… so fuckin’ sexy…” His free hand grasped Mycroft’s hair, gently raising his head. “Look how hot you and your big cock are.”
“There’s a wide range of spells in the book. Thus far, I’ve mastered a few minor spells, such as moving objects, as well as producing lighting, ice and fire.”
to think about it. I want you with me, and if that means your nephew needs to stay with us a while, then so be it. We certainly have enough room for him.”
“I’ll do what I can, but Jason’s likely to block any efforts I make.”
“Then come with me into the garden. They are empathic creatures, so if you remain calm and non-threatening, they will come out.” As much as he hated to admit it, having fairies in his garden was becoming very useful. He picked up some biscuits from the tray and led her to the hawthorn tree. “Just sit very still, and as I said, remain calm…”
: (16 April, 5:00PM)
“Me being a little homophobic, for one thing. I was, and I just couldn’t see it. I’ve done a lot of soul-searching, and I’ve come to realize that I’m bi.” He shrugged. “I’d just walled all those desires off from myself, and I think it’s why I got so worked-up about things.”
much, I was just wondering
it, then?”
“With your libido, I imagine I’ll be getting a lot of practice.”
“Good. Once the building’s clear, Fenris will take down the demon. Thomas, can you handle the floor crashing in on you? I don’t wanna send him in without back-up.”
