Taking a deep breath, she rubbed her hands up and down and Wanda’s arms. Everyone had blamed her for Ultron – Thor had nearly lifted her up by her neck and Steve had almost thrown his shield at her. The Avengers had nearly broken apart because of that. And while they had talked through it, she could still feel the heavy gazes on her.
“Your county’s allies.”
“You deserve to know, Wanda.” Toni squeezed her shoulder. “Already, I’m out of ‘share feelings time’. I can only take so much before I want to crawl under my bed and hide from it.” Wanda stood up herself, playing with the hem of her shirt. “How about some food? I know the best pizza spot in New York. And for Toni Stark, they actually deliver.”
Why was she so nervous about them knowing she cooked? It seems so stupid now. Smiling softly to herself, she pulled her clothes off and took a shower. The hot water felt good on her bones and she groaned as it hit her tight muscles. It felt good but she only stayed for as long as it took to wash her hair and do a fast scrub down of her body.
“Bombed my neighborhood.” Toni winced again at the lost tone in her voice. It was easy to forget, sometimes, just how young Wanda was. Just in her early twenties and with a childhood filled with war and death. And to find this out. . .
A forehead was pressed against her hers and she leaned into it. It was strange – Steve and Rhodey were usually the only ones she’d let this close to her; but here she was, letting Wanda move into her space. Maybe because Wanda needed it.
She hesitated. It was her mess; she should be the one cleaning it up. But then Steve came over and Wanda was already filling up the pot with water and soap. He pressed a chaste kiss to her lips and moved her towards their room. “Steve-“
“There’s nothing to report with that kind of frequency, Steve. He’s been in bed almost exclusively for the past two and a half days. The most any of them let us do is bring food and drink, and even then we leave it outside the door. The rest of the time we alternate between camping out in the hall outside his room and sublimating the ways this is fucking with our heads into sex.” And if that didn’t make Steve feel like an ass…he’d been so caught up in how his own instincts and emotions were responding to being away from Tony while he was in some kind of severe distress that he hadn’t really considered what it would be like to be mere feet away but denied access while Rhodes and Pepper tended to him.
In under three seconds, Natasha had her deadliest blade aimed at Taskmaster, hovering unerringly just above his jugular. Steve hesitated briefly, wondering whether or not he would need to step in before she actually did the other man serious harm, but there was a reason Natasha was his second in command. He’d long since learned that she was usually the most in control precisely when she appeared just on the edge of losing it.
“I don’t know. I’m…I’m trying. And I won’t, I promise I’d never make any of you choose or somethin’. But please don’t ask more than that of me for right now.”
Sunlight gleamed through the wide windows of Steve’s bedroom. They’d neglected to shut the drapes fully the night before, and while JARVIS was equipped to handle such things automatically in the penthouse, Steve typically preferred to handle small household tasks on his own. It had snowed sometime during the previous night, and frost was creeping up the corner of one of the panes. Steve normally hated all evidence of winter’s arrival, but this morning the light was bouncing off the snow, painting Tony’s half-uncovered form in brilliant patches of crystallized light.
“So maybe we turn it into some kind of competition where they each lead a small team,” Phil had proposed, looking like he was one step short of rubbing his hands together in delight at the prospect of playing with the Avenger’s pressure points to improve their performances. (This
Whelp, this is another one of those chapters that has been living in my head for so long that it feels almost surreal to have it actually down on screen. I really, really hope that the payoff for those of you who have been waiting on Peter since the beginning was worth it! It was, of course, much more the beginning of something than any kind of definitive resolution, but it's a start!
It stung more than he thought possible to show up and find Steve in the room. His eyes fell on Pepper, who shook her head like she knew exactly what Tony was thinking. (She probably did. The whole lot of them had some kind of Tony-specific mind reading powers, he was certain of it.)
“What the hell is Taskmaster, anyway?” Tony demanded.
“…you said something about meeting Captain Marvel?” This time Tony did laugh, loud and right from his belly.
“Peter’s not here Tony. Just tell me what the
“I had the team from Wakanda come out and do the bloodwork early,” he blurted, sure that if he didn’t start somewhere and quickly he might never get it all out. He talked for a quarter of an hour after that, with zero interruptions from the other two people in the room. He stuck to the bare facts of what Chimva had told him, because numbers were easier, had always been easier than the messy emotional stuff.
Content Notes: One of Strange's replies includes mentions of disordered eating (specifically, starvation as an adult and forced overeating as a child.) If you want to avoid, skip the part of Strange's answer beginning "As for Stark's food issues" and pick up again at the start of the next question.
forbidden from entering, Tony won’t have thought to restrict the entry of his own tech. I’ll follow it in, get whatever information out of him that I can, and then bring him up to you. In the meantime, you lot need to figure out how you’re going to ensure that I don’t regret doing that. Got it?”
: Steve's therapy session in this chapter contains an extended and explicit conversation about the recurring pattern wherein his grief tends to manifest in the form of a death wish and corresponding attempts to seek out dangerous situations. As such, it has the potential to be massively triggering for anyone struggling in this area, or with self-harm (Steve's more passive behaviours, like remaining on the edge of Dom dep for so long, are explicitly framed this way). Please, please take care while reading; ask me any questions you need to before proceeding, or feel free to skip that section altogether. It begins with "Steve arrived at therapy feeling cocky" and continues through to the end of the chapter.
Skip the human interaction, supplement with money and apologies. Yeah, the guy sure sounded like Steve’s Tony, at least the way Tony had been at the beginning, before he’d trusted them to want
“Thor Juice,” she interrupted, unsure if she was laughing or crying. “Enough to bring down a herd of rampaging moose.”
Even as he asked, a part of Tony didn’t want to know the answer. Steve still didn’t seem upset, though; he was actually smiling just a little as he chewed, which was a reassuring if entirely unexpected sight. Tony didn’t think he’d ever seen Steve smile when he thought or talked about Mark II before.
Tony had never fully appreciated everything he had put Pepper through back when they’d been together until right at this moment. Waiting was absolute fucking agony. Taskmaster had some kind of device that cloned tech (stolen it from SHIELD back when it had been overrun by HYDRA), so the team hadn’t taken more than the bare-bones equipment in with them. This meant no comms, and no monitoring aside from a small group of SHIELD agents that formed a perimeter around the building they were in. They had reported back to Coulson about a loud crash about twenty minutes ago, and had otherwise been pretty much useless. Tony was all for oversight, and it was obvious that the resurgence of SHIELD in this universe compared to their collapse in Tony’s own had been good for the world, but right now he despised every single one of them.
“Ah. See, that seems more natural, anyway. Okay someone, quickly, year please?”
“There were. And you had enough evidence about how the serum worked to suggest that if you did something like eject yourself during the landing, you had a strong shot at survival. But you didn’t even give SHIELD your coordinates, did you? Because whether you attempted the ejection or not, the bottom line was you didn’t want to be found. You didn’t want to have a chance.”
Progress was always going to be slow with Peter, Tony had known that from the moment he’d started really reading the file Natasha had compiled about the kid. Walking before they ran would, in this particular case, be better for both of them. It was going to take Tony more time than he’d initially thought not to look at this boy and see someone else; he hadn’t decided yet if he’d ever tell this Peter where he’d really come from, but Tony did know what it was to fear being measured against someone else and found wanting. He’d never willingly inflict that on anyone, especially a kid who was most of the way to broken already.
to it, maybe even moreso than—than.” Than their Tony, Steve filled in with another quiet growl. Had Bruce forgotten just how lovely their Tony had been when he’d been fed? The way his sinful tongue would play with their fingers, how he’d go quiet and soft and peaceful, accepting his submission without a fight the way he so rarely managed? They were some of Steve’s favourite memories, and the comparison rankled. “He ate more than I’ve seen him manage since he got here, and he was relaxed and responsive. So fucking responsive. I couldn’t help it, I swear I would never have done it if I’d known how he would respond. Or how I would. I didn’t do anything, when I realized we were both…aroused I left, but then he looked so hurt and now he’s not here.” The air felt like it was sucked from the rom as Bruce stared around at all of them with thinly-veiled desperation. “Please. I wasn’t trying to manipulate him or force this kind of reaction. I know he’s not a sub.”
“You know him? Spiderman?” Steve asked, gaze darting between Natasha and Tony. She was the one to nod after first giving Tony several seconds to offer any information he wished. Steve hated the way that Tony seemed to be making himself smaller by the second, curling in on himself as if eventually, if he found the right configuration, he might just blink right out of existence.
“Nobody murder any owls that look like Hedwig, now; it’ll be terrible optics.” There was a strangled noise on the other end of the laugh that could have been a laugh or an aborted sob.
They landed on the bed shortly after that, Steve’s hands making shockingly quick work of the web of buttons, zips and ties that were Tony’s formalwear. Tony wanted to return the favour, but got only as far as removing the jacket of Steve’s suit before his hands were abruptly halted and held high above his head.
Following his gaze, Natasha smiled and picked the toy up.
Tony tapped the arc reactor with the tips of three fingers. Instantly, the armour was bleeding out of it, spreading smoothly across Tony’s limbs and encompassing him totally in a matter of seconds. It was
I’ve always been struck by the parallels between Tony and Alexander: their intense commitment to their work, the way the brilliance of their minds makes them by turns brutal and soft, the way they love deeply and obsessively, their care for their children…it’s not a perfect mirroring relationship of course, but since I so often ended up thinking about Tony when I listened to the soundtrack, it felt like something worth exploring.
“I mean, they were friendly, but no, it wasn’t that. Sam had lost someone too, a while back: his Dominant, Riley, was killed in action, in a mission Sam was involved in. When I lost the other Tony, I think it brought a lot of that back, triggered him in ways that made it tough for him to be around me when I was such a mess. He still tried, though, and we probably would have gotten through it, but then the press happened.” This time, Tony didn’t prompt verbally; instead, he buried his head right into the crook of Steve’s neck, a position that always made him think horribly cheesy things about how well they fit together. Eventually, Steve continued on his own . “They took some pictures of he and I.  Doing nothing at all, really; if I remember right, he was dragging me on a run and then to the farmer’s market for breakfast, just to try to get me to leave the Tower. But Sam’s a submissive, see, and the story the press decided to run with was that he was ‘moving in’ on Tony Stark’s True love only a few weeks after he’d died. We denied it from all sides, and aggressively went after everyone who said anything remotely defamatory about Sam, but I know he still suffered. It felt easier and…kinder, I guess, to let him take some space. And we still talk every few weeks, it’s just, well, not what it was.”
“As long as your assessment is that that information does not mean he is at any risk of harming himself or others, I have no objection. We’re all going to develop individual relationships with Tony that might not mature at exactly the same pace.”
“I can imagine that would have been a…fraught experience for both of you.” Phil’s tone was descriptive, devoid of judgement or emotion, and Steve almost hated the other man for how good he was at this, how contained and calm and neutral he could be in the face of the bombshell that had been dropped on all of them. Bruce nodded miserably.
Thank you so very much, as always, for your comments and kudos. With Endgame so close on the horizon I'm feeling extra grateful for and emotional about the MCU fandom, which has been so consistently welcoming and kind to me even as a (relative) newcomer.
“Tony.” His name. All Steve whispered was his fucking name, but no one had ever said Tony’s name quite like that, as if those four letters contained all the truth there could be in the world. He slid to his knees again, heedless of everything he knew about how to get there gracefully, with poise and control. Steve’s fingers tangled in his hair, pulling Tony’s head to rest against Steve’s thigh. The muscles that Tony’s cheek pressed against shook with fine tremors, and he spared a few seconds to feel grateful, so fucking grateful, that it wasn’t just him, that Steve could feel it too.
Bruce used those powers of…well, not quite distraction, but redirection, that he’d showcased to such positive effect during their aftercare as they made their way from the shop to the penthouse, quizzing Tony about the work Coulson had him doing and trying to sneak ‘hints’ about how to win at the exercise he was designing. And hell, it was nearly impossible not to relax when this unexpectedly playful side of Bruce came out; before he knew it, Tony was chastising the guy as they exited the elevators into the penthouse.
Tony hadn’t consciously stopped providing the anger with sustenance, though looking back on what he could recall of his drunken ranting at Rogers he could recognize that he’d been poking at the guy, trying to get him to say the wrong thing and give Tony more cause to hate him than crimes committed by his alternate self. But Cap hadn’t given it; he’d been calm and even-tempered, bordering on sympathetic, and when Tony hung up after talking to him, he’d slept better than he had in weeks (which he suspected was not just an effect of the booze.) And then Barnes had demonstrated so much affection and care toward Tony’s bots, and he’d been so damn angry at his alternate-self on Tony’s behalf. He’d even recognized Tony’s growing cabin fever and offered to run out for street hot-dogs for their lunch, during which they traded anecdotes and Dummy-wrangling tricks and laughed more than Tony could remember doing in recent memory. About halfway through demolishing the meal, Tony had realized with that same sense of exhausted relief he’d felt in space that his anger had finally been starved out.
An excellent question! Professor Hulk did indeed exist in Stark’s original universe. However, I’ve always suspected their union in this form was in many ways a sacrifice. It was one Dr. Banner felt was necessitated by the urgency of attempting to undo the Snap, but not necessarily a choice he might otherwise have made.
“Pep, I want to help. I just…spaced or something, I’m okay, I swear I’m okay.” She reached over to squeeze his hand. Her smile was familiarity and warmth and Tony wanted to curl up in it until the churning feeling in his stomach passed.
to do anything. If it’s something you want to focus on, though, I would suggest doing some reflective work on the idea that the Solider’s reappearance might actually represent a kind of growth or evolution on your part. Maybe try to think about what it is the Soldier seems to need and want, and what it might be about your current context that is encouraging you both to seek those things out. We talk again in two days, yes?”
“Tony.” The submissive either didn’t hear or didn’t choose to leave the soft world created by Bucky’s voice, not until she repeated herself and Bucky closed the book with a snap. “The one you asked me to keep an eye on, he’s in the hospital. He should pull through, but the injuries…they’re pretty extensive. What do you want to do?”
On one hand, Bruce leaving felt like a decidedly undesirable option. They had barely scratched the surface of the science-ing to be done here, for one. Tony still didn’t know why everyone had been so pissed at Cap for the tone of voice he’d used to speak to Tony—this Dominance stuff couldn’t really be transmitted that way, could it? And they hadn’t even really gotten into much comparative discussion, like did orientation the way it was meant in Tony’s world mean nothing here? Was gender a factor anyone cared about at all when selecting a partner?
, he reminded himself) to make him start to crave their brand of seemingly casual affection?
“Ask you what?” he tried, then sighed as Talia greeted the attempt with nothing but silence that somehow managed to sound irritated. (She was learning way too much from Masdee.) “You sound happy, Talia. Are you happy? Do you think—that is, if I hadn’t offered this program, do you think you still could have been this happy, somewhere down the line?”
“Name Toomes ring any bells?” Tony was rarely still except in sleep or deep subspace, but he hadn’t moved a single inch on the couch after sitting up when Peter’s arrival had been announced. The position gave Peter the higher ground, forcing Tony to look up at the kid which he normally avoided at all costs. That combined with Tony’s unusual stillness forced an air of calm into a conversation which constantly threatened to turn into something explosive. Steve had been the Director of SHEILD for long enough to recognize the de-escalation moves for what they were, but he’d never expected to see Tony so aptly modelling them.
“Every time we do this exercise, someone takes a turn with a captured enemy weapon.” Tony didn't quite know when Coulson had left his table and crossed the room to stand next to Tony.  If he knew how damn alarmed Tony was by what Barnes was holding, though, his casual, explanatory tone didn’t betray it in the least. “Beyond simple versatility, the point is for the team to be able to pick up a discarded weapon, friendly or not, and feel comfortable using it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve woke the next morning with loose, easy limbs, a clear head, and voracious hunger that for once wasn’t tempered by self-loathing or grief. He ate most of the food in his own fridge in under half an hour, happily replaying his scene with Thor. The other man had departed late the previous evening, skin still marked with impressions from Steve’s ropes and a grateful, warm smile on his face. He’d thanked Steve constantly through most of the afternoon and into that evening, until Steve had forbidden any more and silenced him with a kiss that had gone on just long enough to constitute necking. (He, Steve Rogers, perpetual dark cloud, had necked with his lover like a teenager. He laughed aloud at the memory, and at his own giddiness.)
The morning of the memorial, Steve was dozing in a motel room bed. It was a terrible bed even by 40s standards; springs dug into his back every time he moved, and it had a whole series of odors he had to actively work not to recognize. It didn’t really mater, though, because this half-sleep state was the closest he managed to get to actual rest anymore; Bucky had tried to remedy this with several over-the-counter sleep aids, and then some stolen opiates, but the serum burned through everything too fast, leaving Steve vaguely nauseated and even more irritable.
“Whatever,” Tony shrugged carelessly. Which, again, off. If Tony didn’t care what he ate, why would he be seeking out something specific? God it hurt to think; trying to keep up with anything felt like it had to try to run in basic training before he’d been given the serum. Steve pulled a bag of all-dressed chips out of the cupboard, dumped it artlessly in the bowl, and carried it over to the couch where Tony had just sprawled. Seeing no other option and not wanting to start out by being rude, again, Steve sat down on one of the armchairs.
Of course, it turned out he should have trusted Natasha. She took them to a small Vietnamese restaurant that was viciously protective of the team (the owner chased one intrepid photographer who attempted to press his camera against the window of the place with a broom.) They didn’t blink when Natasha told them Tony wouldn’t require a kneeler, either, though she did pull his chair out for him in an exaggerated show of gallantry. Each of the tables was taken up almost entirely by large, ornate spinning glass tray designed to facilitate the sharing of dishes, and Natasha ordered not a single meal but a host of small plates. It was the closest Tony would really come to being able to graze the way he preferred while in public, and his eyes felt just a bit watery as he smiled gratefully at her.
“One day—when you’re ready—I wanna know every damn thing that ever happened to you over there. But for now let’s stick to the facts. You don’t know this stuff, so do what you do better than almost anyone else: research the problem and figure it out. Take the contract to bed, with access to a search engine and maybe some porn and a heavy-duty vibrator or two,” here, Tony made a thoroughly undignified speaking noise. “Stop trying to think about what he would have wanted, or even what your team wants, and just…fantasize. Take the pressure off it and explore.”
“Safety goggles!” bellowed at least three separate voices, and that was it. This was officially not just an alternative dimension, but some kind of bizarre wish-fulfillment world Tony’s brain had generated for itself.
him doesn’t seem to mean I have issues having sex
“Fuck.”
Many events that followed still aligned roughly with the MCU. Thanos’s arrival, for instance, and the Avengers’ eventual loss, played out essentially the same. However, because Stark had neither a wife nor a child to cling to in the aftermath of that loss, he was not content to wait five years before attempting to correct what Thanos had done. (Scott Lang was luckily removed the quantum realm much earlier in this version of events.)
[A bracelet of black silk and sterling silver spelling out ‘thank you’ in morse code]
“Sweetheart, you need to sleep,” Steve tried anyway, because how could he not? How could he possibly leave his partner and submissive in pain so acute that even bearing witness to it was one of the most difficult things Steve had ever done? Even if Steve weren’t, as most people who knew him would attest, the most stubborn bastard alive, he didn’t think any decent person could just walk away after seeing Tony like this. “All his vitals are stable, and the doctors are all saying they should remain that way. He’s going to be okay. I promise I’ll watch the monitors while you rest and wake you up if there’s any changes.”
“I…sorry,” he muttered to Dr. Domen who waved an assuring hand while Steve tried and failed to figure out where he’d actually put the device itself. “JARVIS, just patch it through to the house system please.”
“I think we know almost nothing about how the Infinity War ended in Tony’s universe. Nothing except that when he first arrived here he thought himself to be dead, and believed me to be some kind of guide through the afterlife. And I am correct in believing that the wound in his side was not severe enough to substantiate this conjecture, no?” Bruce shook his head definitively.
“I’m okay, Sour Patch.”
It took Tony 37 minutes to make it through the first ten levels of SI’s New York headquarters. First, he’d needed to meet Pepper at the entrance, forgoing the private parkade and elevator in favour of a public photo-op cementing return to ‘his’ professional life. After that Pepper had insisted on making the rounds on every floor; Tony was in no way against acknowledging the hundreds of people who made Stark Industries everything it was (hell, he likes most of them way more than the few members of the company he’s usually forced to spend the majority of his time with.) But every floor came with a lengthy round of applause, followed by hugs and handshakes and sobbing from more than one person, and they’re all so goddamn glad to have ‘Tony’ back that before it was even half over the guilt was a piercing, gnawing thing that ate away larger and larger pieces of Tony. Fooling people en masse was comparably easy to the intimacy of lying to those whose livelihoods depended on him. And he couldn’t even reach out to ground himself by occasionally brushing against Pepper, not without risking all of their carefully-laid plans. His only real saving grace was his watch. Today he had selected one with a relatively plain but heavy blue face, and a thick brown leather strap with cream stitching; he wasn’t sure which member of the team this particular piece had come from, but Tony liked the way the width and weight of it made him constantly aware of its presence. It grounded him, the same way that tapping on the arc reactor had once done, reminding him that he was alive and (relatively, at least) safe and not alone.
version of himself, a prospect that just increased the risk that somewhere down the line, Tony would fuck up and they’d all be caught out. Eventually, they’d unhappily settled on having him step fully in to Mark II’s shoes, picking up his life roughly where he’d left off.
“Really good. Not—not like the high, it’s not, I still feel aware of my problems and my myriad of character defects and all that. But I just feel…steady. Even the aftercare, it was nice, but it didn’t feel as necessary this time. Is that, am I making any sense at all?” Bruce reached over for his lemonade and handed the cup to Tony as he considered his answer. It was nicely flavoured, something herbal (basil, probably?) cutting the sweetness, and Tony look several long swallows.
By the time Clint actually arrived, Tony was back in that fuzzy state. He was pretty sure that, despite the original goal of the conversation, the two men spent most of their time talking about
That sensory memory was enough to bring it all back. He was on the couch, and unless things had changed since last night, he wasn’t alone. Carefully, not wanting to be caught out if Rogers was already awake, Tony crooked an eye open and peered down at the other end of the couch. (Yep, that was one passed out super-soldier.) The TV was still going, playing the loop of Cap’s comfort-media that Tony vaguely remembered requesting JARVIS play once he was sure enough that Rogers wouldn’t hear him. It was quiet, but enough interference that Tony didn’t hear Natasha until he saw her step into his field of vision.
One way to think about the balls Coulson uses is less that he’s handing over reasons that he wants or needs to submit, and more that they represent barriers to that submission, the burdens he must discard in order to be able to reach a satisfying and honest headspace. Given the ample stresses and obligations involved in his work, it would be unlikely ever for him not to make use of them.
1. In order (except for Wilson, about whom I will share a short vision instead): The bombing of the UN still occurred (though the events that followed were, obviously, significantly different), so
Thor arrived in the penthouse with his usual (well, pre-destruction-of-Asgard-and-loss-of-his-eye-and-slaughter-of-half-his-people-including-his-brother-and-best-friend usual) puppyish grin. And a bulk-sized case of Jolly Ranchers, which he confided fearing that Tony had not experienced in the other universe.
Tony’s reply was, apparently, a bit too candid. Nearly everyone in the room flinched, and the sound of glass shattering echoed from the kitchen into the living area.
“…err, Mr Rogers? There was some kids TV guy named Mr. Rogers, wasn’t there? Come to think of it you two have a very similar energy. I mean he spent less time punching out bad guys and more time hanging out with his neighbours, but still. You both cultivate a kind of goodness that would be sickening if it weren’t so obviously sincere. Oh come on, the name Rogers is starting to not even sound like a word anymore…Cap? Captain America? Look, if you’re waiting for me to do a swooning thing—”
“Why?”
“Awesome. That was fast.”
For the second time that night, Tony passes out. Just before he does, he thinks he feels someone much closer than Pepper say his name, a figure with large shoulders and a worried, urgent voice that follows Tony down as his vision tunnels into darkness.
Steve goes easy on him but there’s obviously a fire there, the guy likes fighting so much that Tony thinks about designing a bot to fight with him, something Steve can really let go with.
Tony wipes the mop of his fringe off his head. “
“Makes it more convincing,” Tony mutters, seemingly to himself. He rubs his hands together distractedly.
“And they brought me home,” he says. He takes a mouthful of coffee so he has something to do.
There are things underneath the question, but Steve doesn’t pry.
“Okay,” Steve says as he sits down next to him. “Sure. Nerd.”
“How many people even live here?”
Steve considers. “People stay friends with their exes. Not
“No, really-”
The thing is, Tony’s been distancing himself from everyone since he got back. Obie, sure - but also Rhodey, Pepper, Happy. They’ve all mentioned it to him, been worried about how deeply he’s digging into his work, all that intensity, like nothing else does matter.
“Yeah,” Steve says. “I - thanks. Again.”
“Hmm? Oh, yeah. It’s pretty temperamental. If you could have a look at it-”
There’s a lot to say to that, but Tony can’t think of any of it. Instead he says, “I thought you’d lived in this house your whole life. It’s - really homey.”
,” he reads out. “What’s it about?”
“We’ve caught up already,” Tony says, pressing his arm hard into Steve’s. “Bye, Ty.”
“You can say no.”
“Th-” Steve feels his cheeks burn. “
“Tell me about Pablo Neruda being an asshole,” he says. “And you can give me your blue M&Ms if you’re not going to eat them.”
“It’s good,” Steve says quietly, pointing his fork at the pie on his plate.
“It’s on the list.”
“I know, I know. I have an alarm. Night, Obie.”
They position the jeans in the right place, then the head.
Pepper obviously has a lot to say after that conference, but she seems to be waiting to say it. Tony’s relieved. It was a lot, with seeing Obie again and all those cameras in his face, which he never thought could freak him out after living this life. Three months of a dark cave will do unexpected things, apparently.
“Yeah, I think I am.”
shoes look
“I’m focusing,” Steve says, pushing the textbook up so he can see a sliver of what Tony’s been working on. “Tony, this looks really complicated. You should be in college. You should be doing
He’s a little surprised when Tony doesn’t make an appearance, but he supposes that a guy as busy as Tony doesn’t have time for things like this. He thinks this right up until the birthday dinner and Tony bursts in half an hour late, in a three-piece suit that’s been recently wrinkled, holding a present.
It’s infuriating. Tony catches onto the weirdness after about five minutes, glancing over at Steve like,
Steve opens his mouth, but he can’t say it.
“Right, right.” Tony stays leaned in, almost brushing foreheads but not quite. “God, I’m glad I don’t have to be a single chicken dad anymore. You know you’ll have to pay chicken support if we break up, right?”
“Fine,” Tony says. “Do I not seem fine?”
“Uh,” Bruce says. “Steve?”
“Might?”
“Bandage.”
“What’s your commission for the guy in Ohio,” Tony asks as they eat. “Are you taking furry commissions yet?”
them!”
“As you wish, Sir.”
Well, that’s cherry.”
- about the suit.
“I want,” Steve says, and swallows. “I want - look, I don’t know how to say this, so. I figured I wouldn’t.”
Tony’s head rolls sideways to look at him. He snorts, and Steve realizes that Tony is probably drunk. Then Tony shifts closer and Steve gets a whiff of his breath and realizes that Tony is
expensive.”
him.” Mr. Stark pinches the bridge of his nose. For a second, the way he stands is so reminiscent of Tony it’s startling, but the he shifts and it’s gone. “Tony, we’ve had this conversation. Your trust is worth as much as dogshit. Now, you can have people over, but if you’re going to keep sensitive information in your room, you can’t let them in. You keep your little boyfriend in your other bedroom, you do the things you do, and then he
Tony leans back against the couch. “Sure, you got a spare 12 hours?”
“He’s - conscious. Walking around.”
Steve goes quiet. Then, “I used to go to watch Errol Flynn movies a lot.”
“Yeah, there it is,” Steve says. “Hoof it.”
“Great,” Steve says. He reaches down and pulls out a few strands of grass, starting to make a grass chain, poking them through each other. “No groping.”
“What’s with the painting,” he asks as he works the expresso machine..
“Can I stay here tonight,” he asks.
Tony spins to face him. “
Bucky flips him off, but heads back into the cafe with his plates, his sandwich and Steve’s fork.
“Going okay,” Steve says. “Actually, my lawnmower just gave out on me and I was wondering-”
“I built a metal suit,” Tony says. “Then I walked.”
Then she goes on eating. Steve resists the urge to give her a pointed look and keeps his eyes on his plate instead. He can feel a pair of eyes on his face, but this time it might be Tony. He doesn’t look up to check. He pierces another pea on the tine of his fork.
Steve does. Tony leaves and soon his voice joins the argument with a breezy, “Dad, I didn’t know we were going to get graced with your presence.”
“Oh, that.” Tony waves a hand, sips his scotch. “Yeah, the news blew it out of proportion. You know how tabloids are.”
“Thanks.”
“Just pretending to.”
“Gee, thanks,” Steve says.
Steve tries to come up with a smile that doesn’t feel absolutely ridiculous on his face. He’s saved from this when Ty emerges from around the corner, zeroing in on them like he could see through walls and thus already knew they were there.
“I’ll whisper
” Pepper tells him.
“You had a-” There’s a clatter and a curse, then Rhodey is back. “Shit. You had a
He really, really hopes they’re squirrels, but he guesses that luck isn’t on his side.
, Steve.”
Tony points at him. “Keep the skies clear,” he says, and flies off with Steve yelling up at him, something about how Tony’s in no damn condition, either.
Tony drops his hand from his mouth. His finger is now bloody where he’s torn the hangnail, but Steve doesn’t think that accounts for his pained expression.
“So we’re all hanging out in the kitchen,” Obie says, all fatherly friendliness with shit hanging on underneath. Tony is noticing all the underneath stuff a lot more since - well.
“I know.” Tony makes a disgusted noise, takes another drink - a gulp this time, rather than a sip. “It was dumb.
Taking him
Bucky gives him an innocent look. “Sucks what happens to Sam, though.”
“Okay, Ma.”
Everyone points over at an empty seat. Steve has just sat back down in the seat next to it. Tony spares a thought to wondering whether Steve put Tony next to him on purpose, but quickly shoves the thought down as he walks around the table and takes his seat.
He pretends not to notice when the rest of the table trades a look.
“How’d you escape,” Cap says.
. Look, can you at least - pretend to be having a good time with me? It’s kind of a requirement of dating. At first, anyway.”
Bucky clicks his fingers. “Youtube-trained… secret… no.”
“Nevermind,” he says. “So it’s - you get in somehow, and turn it on, and fly around?”
Steve touches his empty plate for the smoothness of it, picturing it: Frodo next door to Sam, having afternoon tea and trading gardening tips, laughing at Pippin and Merry causing trouble - the more tame kind nowadays, since they’ve had more trouble for a lifetime. Steve imagines that Frodo might go on the very occasional adventure, because Steve doesn’t think that Frodo will be able to leave all of that behind, not really. But he could make a life, maybe, just like Bilbo did.
“Was that okay,” Tony asks as they’re putting their dishes in the kitchen. “That I stayed-”
Steve watches Natasha bat Clint’s hand away from the syrup, telling him he’s already drowned his enough; watches ask Tony about how his latest experiment is going as he cuts his waffle into pieces; watches Thor hum over the waffle iron and Clint choke himself on his brunch.
“Which you do.”
“Was he? Shit. Why don’t I know all of this?”
Steve glares at them. He’s about to tell them that they’re no help when someone sideswipes his shoulder as they pass.
“Two plasters, then,” Steve says. It’s only as he’s leaving the laundry room that he looks back and remembers it all over again - he just had his first kiss. He and Tony kissed. It was really nice.
Steve makes the call.
He knows what he’s doing. No one can change his course now.
“You’re allergic to nuts?”
Steve points at Tony. “Tutor.” He points at himself. “Tutee. You’re supposed to tell me how to do this.”
“Steve,” he says, slowly. “How’re you doing.”
“Yeah, that’s what I was thinking! About MIT, though, and just about my
“Seen The Godfather yet?”
Steve continues, “You guys were dating.”
“And overhauling your company,” Cap says. He pauses. “Going back to the old life, then? Should we expect photos to come out of you with four dames on your arms? Shirtless and climbing national monuments?”
“If I start tripping,” Tony says, “I’m blaming you.”
Steve sighs. “Can one of you fill him in? I’m eating.”
He’s still thinking about it, unsuccessfully trying to shake it off, when his phone lights up with a text. He’s trying to sleep, so he ignores it, but then his phone vibrates with more texts, one after the other, so Steve picks it up.
Steve stares at him.
“What’s your favourite?”
“Sure,” Steve says. “Thanks for maneuvering us together with your master plan, Ma.”
“What? No.”
Tony stares at it long enough that Steve starts to worry, then he doubles over in laughter. It shakes him until Steve is fighting it back, too, and when Tony straightens back up there are tears in his eyes.
“Yeah,” Tony finishes. “He’s doing better.”
“Bad Mary,” Tony says mildly.
“Alright! Okay. Don’t listen to me, you’re doing
Tony eats at a different lunch table, which is - fine.
Steve thinks about suggesting Tony might want to visit the counsellor, but it probably wouldn’t get a good response, so he keeps quiet.
Steve keeps it behind his teeth, and then he doesn’t: “Why did you
“Two -
Steve pauses. The cover… it’s pretty old. Faded. It’s not in bad condition, but it’s also obviously a loved book. It doesn’t seem like Tony to get him a secondhand copy.
“This is really great,” Tony says. His voice is very low, but his smile is genuine. “Steve - thanks. I, uh. I really love it.”
“I would,” Sam says, “But I’d rather watch a movie where people of colour exist.”
Well. He doesn’t actually know how Tony would react, but he’s not interested in finding out.
“Yeah. Sorry.”
Steve shrugs. He waits for Tony to stop laughing, then says, “So, you read? I mean-”
“Hi,” Steve says, equally quiet. He leans forwards, presses their foreheads together. They lie like that, the sounds of rain coming in from the outside, the sounds of their breath in between them. Steve isn’t thinking hard, and it’s mostly the hush of rain that makes the poem come to mind.
Across the kitchen, Bucky snorts.
“He was an asshole?”
Sam breathes out long and hard as he makes his way to a couch and collapses onto it. He sprawls out hard, arms and legs everywhere.
He pulls his gloves off with his teeth, chucking them behind his shoulder, and takes the painting. He surveys it for the longest three seconds of Steve’s life.
As he’s climbing into bed, his phone vibrates, but Tony’s already gone. In the morning - or, 14 hours later, which is actually the evening - the text is still there.
Tony wipes his forearm over his forehead. It just smears the sweat around.
Tony’s face is very close. Steve thinks back to the laundry room at the Hammer party, Tony’s face close and coming closer. It’s dark, so Steve still can’t count his eyelashes, there’s just the shape of his face.
“The people here are really just like you said,” Rhodey says.
It’s - something.
They file in and sit in the Ultimate Seats of Doom.
now, and he’s talking to one.
“I’ll be fine-”
“Mm,” Tony says. “Something tells me they’ve been like that for a while. They’re just-”
“I’m aware,” Steve says. He hesitates, then takes Tony’s hand. “They gave me a pamphlet.”
Tony hums in answer and drags the blanket over him.
Steve shakes his head. “Nah. Unless you don’t look after them properly, Thor won’t resent you for anything.”
“Oh,” she says. “Hi! Hi, I don’t think I’ve seen you before. I’m Sarah.”
“I will! I should just need - more details. The picture you sent me is good, but-”
“I’m rested! I’m good. Don’t give me that look. I’m - locked and loaded and ready to party, let’s go.”
Tony stares. Steve keeps looking at his hands - they’re the same size as they were before, that skinny frame had big hands and feet and was rumoured to have
“Right,” Tony says. “Sorry-”
The rest of the world is so distant, compared to that.
Tony eyes the canvas Steve has in his lap. It’s wrapped, probably for the snowy walk over.
“You have literally no idea what kind of Math this is.”
, so he shelves it for later.
“Why not?”
Steve jumps and his page is lost.
Tony opens the door. “Get in!”
“So what are the shoes about,” she asks, nodding at the couch where they’re sitting, shiny and - and - god, probably worth more than the couch, now that Steve thinks about it.
Steve mouths. “Yeah, well. You should be sorry. Give me that back, it’s Tony’s, we have to be careful with it.”
“What?”
“Aw,” Rhodey says. “That’s so - okay, this one just shat in my hand.”
, too?”
“Hope’s mom mentioned that my son was dating someone.”
“Looking forward to it, Potts.” He turns to look out the window, but the silence is deafening, so he continues, “Want to stop and get some honey for your throat? Really loosen up those muscles. After this long of no me to yell at, those yelling muscles gotta be flagging. Happy, where’s the nearest honey place-”
“I can chop.”
“I’m not getting in your limo, Tony.”
Tony doesn’t seem to know what to do with that, but he clears his throat.
Steve laughs. “Thor loves it when someone else gets chickens. He doesn’t like to send them off to faraway farms, but when someone in town gets them - he likes to know they’re being taken care of. So he makes sure people know what they’re doing, chicken-wise.”
“So,” Tony says, and Steve turns to him. “What do you like better, movies or books?”
“Things are normal at home,” Tony says.
“Want to watch a movie?”
“Tony Stark doesn’t care if anyone thinks he’s nice,” he says, and even coming out of his mouth it sits a little wrong, because now he knows that’s not exactly true.
tonight, but as far as Steve knows, this is normal, as well as Tony not seeming that drunk despite having been drinking hard liquor while everyone else has stuck to beer.
limits,” Steve asks.
Bucky lobs a piece of meat at him. Steve dodges it so it lands harmlessly on the floor behind him.
“What’s a good line for that,” Tony says, breathless.
“I don’t wanna be a bother-”
“Pep? Yeah. She’s a friend.”
“What am I going through?” Tony skulls his coffee. He could ask for something stronger, but he doubts there will be anything. “That’s all over with. Nothing’s going on with me now. I’m back.”
He sees Steve around town, sometimes out and about, sometimes buying something at a store, sometimes with his canvas propped up on an easel and painting a landscape or someone’s kid. He always waves when he sees Tony and asks him how things are going. When Tony mentions that he’s thinking of getting chickens soon, Steve directs him to the chicken guy, Thor, who - upon Tony’s request - doesn’t give him any, but gives him a long,
, bookmarked to
Ty rears back to laugh. His posture, always so light and easy, is caged tight.
Steve asks, “Is Ty still-”
Steve holds in a sigh. Okay. He
They soar skywards and then Tony turns them sideways so they start skating along the edge of the city. The lights blur, but only slightly - Tony keeps it slow, or thereabouts, for about thirty seconds, before twisting upwards and shooting towards the stars.
. “Are you okay?”
Steve sighs. “Whatever your least expensive car available is. We can go in that.”
Steve pockets the chocolate bar. Half an hour later, on the prompting of Clint again, he gets it back out.
He’s almost relieved when she finally says, “So you guys fake broke-up, huh?”
“Nah,” Steve says. He eats a chip. “I mean, sure. Nothing bad, though.”
“Come in.”
Rhodey smacks him in the side. “Give the guy a few days to think about it, man.”
Steve gets out his phone to write it all down: Isaac Isamov, Terry Prachett, but also Tamora Pierce.
He says, “You know people won’t actually believe you’re dating me, right?”
“I know how to handle it,” Tony says.
“You’re not,” Steve says. “I think that’s pretty obvious.”
“Yeah.” Tony smiles at the floor. “Yeah, he sticks around.”
Tony focuses on not thinking any thoughts about legs around waists. Or riding.
“Why-” Tony can’t seem to make this compute. “
“That’s different,” Tony says.
Another text comes in:
“I guess I gotta head to class,” Tony says. “Does your suspension start now or tomorrow?”
Steve waits. When Tony doesn’t continue, he says, “I know.”
Tony speaks from the heart. Maybe. Later, Rhodey tells him he was speaking from his dick, and Tony can’t tell him that’s 100% false.
“We can just-”
Ty says something behind him, but Steve’s too busy heading away.
. Yeah, that’s about it.
with me if-”
Tony looks over at him. His teeth are poised around a hangnail. “Maybe,” he says, and it’s muffled.
Tony looks around for something to compliment, then throws wide. “You have a nice house.”
“Great,” Tony says. He clears his throat loudly, flashes his teeth in the way Natasha now won’t have to. “I’m good. I’m - relieved! Thank god he’s gone. He was getting really irritating.”
“I’m not frowny face. I mean I’m not - I’m just-”
“Obie can’t try anything here,” Tony says. “He can’t get around JARVIS.”
“Fuck yes I did.”
. Tony has lived alone since his parents died, and even before that a lot of it was like living alone, if it wasn’t for Jarvis.
He pauses. Cranes his neck around Tony to see the chicken pen.
“You’re a scrapper,” Ty says. “Right? You used to fight a lot.”
“I am going,” Ty says, all bared teeth as he lowers his voice to a hiss, “to get Tony back. You just watch.”
“Yeah,” Tony says. He can’t figure out what else to say, so he leans in and kisses Steve, who immediately stops the weak ends of laughter and sighs into Tony’s mouth. Tony means to keep the kiss short, a punctuation rather than anything else, but he gets distracted. Steve’s lips are very soft and very cold.
“So he’s like, staying?” Clint asked, bouncing on the balls of his feet. Rhodes shrugged.
“Okay, as much as I am deeply impressed by the number of ways you can find to call Tony hot without actually
“Sure I’ll call you Steve. But I’d prefer you call me Sir, especially in front of Agent Hill.” His laugh was a beat too slow, and Talia’s eyes narrowed, an assessing stare far too similar to Natasha’s for Steve to believe she wouldn't see far too much if they lingered long.
Helping Barnes felt like something solid to hold onto, so Tony grasped it with all his might and pulled, both figuratively and literally. He seized Bucky’s hand in his own and stood; he had no illusions that he would have actually succeeded at moving Bucky if the guy didn’t allow it, but Tony chose not to think about that much just now.
“Sir, I’m sure Agent Coulson doesn’t require you to make an appoint—”
Matters did not improve once they finally escaped the bedroom, Tony sweater-free and not goose-fleshed on his forearms, dammit. Steve offered about fifteen different options for breakfast, and visibly sighed as Tony sucked down his fourth cup of coffee in direct defiance of the rules he and Bruce had established about his caffeine to water intake ratio.
Tony’s brain stuttered for several intense seconds as he imagined himself at Phil’s feet, touching himself while trying to articulate a fantasy that Phil faithfully transcribed, seemingly unaffected by the show. His cock, already half-hard since he and Phil had made out, rose to full attention; Tony cursed himself for not at least putting on boxers after check-in. Several days of near-constant nudity had made getting dressed something he had to consciously remind himself to do, but there were occasional drawbacks. Phil didn’t hide the fact of his regard, either; his gaze wandered between Tony’s legs with the same casual possessiveness they all exhibited, but he didn’t linger there, either. As it so often did with the team, it seemed as if Coulson wasn’t any more interested in a sexual response than in any other. It was all information, knowledge about him that they sought out and coveted.
we do it.”
“Oh Jesus, Dad, do I want to keep reading this?” No one answered, of course, but talking out loud made it slightly less horrifying to make it through his dear old Dad’s notes on human reproduction. The first few pages were at least fairly general, describing what made for an optimal uterine climate, what the acceptable range for sperm motility for conception was, and records of what Tony was fairly certain were records of early experiments with IVF. (At least he
“Get out of there right now, Peter.”
The real issue came after it was over. He’d spent four long, intensive days learning to pretend to be someone else, and however closely that person resembled Tony himself, it had still been a performance. A lie. When he finally made it back to the penthouse, it was with uneasy realization that he would never get to be himself again. This half-fiction, half-truth was his life now.
Tony woke with that uncanny feeling where his body knew it was in the wrong place while his mind was still working to catch up. This was kind of unexpected in its own way; he wouldn’t have thought he’d been in this version of the Tower’s master bedroom for enough cumulative nights for his mind to have reset itself, but then again it was basically his old room with a couple of minor shifts..
“I wish we could just be honest about this with the public, Tony, I really do. But orientation here, it’s physical, it’s biochemical, it’s social, it shapes absolutely everything. And submissives, especially like yo—like him, they’re regarded incredibly highly. The love people had for him…it wasn’t just because he was a sub, of course it wasn’t, but that mattered. It mattered enough that I don’t know that we could get them to accept that not only are you from an alternate universe, but that this fundamental thing they knew about you isn’t true anymore.” Pepper tempered the blow of learning that he’d be spending the rest of his days pretending to be someone else by voluntarily refilling his glass. Tony drank most of it down in a single pull, even while reminding himself that, as booze had hardly been an option after the Snap, he’d have to slow it down and quickly unless he wanted to be far too drunk for this conversation entirely too quickly.
“I know. And you don’t have to right now, alright? We can talk more in a few days. For right now, I’d like to propose a couple of options about how I can help you start feeling better. Want to hear them?”
“Now’s the really fun part,” Bruce added, a light and teasing note in his voice which had been so heavy and sad just moments before. (Did punishment work that way for Doms, too? Did they really feel that relieved that Tony had atoned and been forgiven? A feeling of satisfaction that Tony could only compare to his rare experiences of being perfectly, comfortably full after a meal washed over him. He couldn’t give them so many of the things that a sub in this world could, but maybe he could still give them some of what mattered.) “Now we get to tell you what a good boy you are. We get to cuddle you and feed you and cocoon you in a hundred blankets and put some cream on those pretty impressive welts you’ve got. Maybe if you’re lucky we’ll let you up to pee, but if you’ve got anything more involved than that planned in the next day or so you’ll want to give JARVIS the okay to cancel it.”
“But I don’t understand,” Steve interjected. He was finally sitting down now, at least, even if his posture was more suggestive of someone in a cheap, springless armchair rather than the damn comfortable seating of the Tower’s board rooms. His head was cocked in that way that meant he was really thinking, and Toy wasn’t prepared for the wave of fondness that sight produced. Christ he was going to miss Steve.  “Tony this is great news, isn’t it? You get the best of both worlds; you get some of the aspects of being a sub in this universe without having to do it all at once. I don’t, why would that make you want to leave?”
“The Trolley Problem.”
“That’s it!” Steve shouted, rising to his feet so suddenly that the table between he and Natasha shook. She arched a brow that managed to be more comprehensively mocking than any words she could have bothered saying. “Pepper. We need Pepper.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Christine Everhart,
It didn’t end up feeling all that much like a loss. Steve loved handfeeding, but without having to focus on the actual mechanics of it—making sure the bites were big enough but not too big, that the pace was good, that Tony was getting enough of everything—he got to just watch and hold the submissive’s hand while he went soft and sweet under Bruce’s careful attention. Tony couldn’t finish the fat and protein dense meal, but he made a decent enough dent in the food that Bruce didn’t seem concerned when Tony started turning his head away to refuse more.
“No, you’re right. Tony’s got this all figured out, sounds like, and since he doesn’t seem to think the future of our relationship, or SHIELD or SI for that matter, is something that any of us deserve to be consulted on, it’s probably best if I just—”
It was a relief, Tony supposed, that he wouldn’t have to answer the question immediately, but the prospect still hovered over him like a cloud as he made his way back to find Rhodey. He’d once called himself a futurist, had reveled in his ability to always be thinking several steps ahead. But then there had been Ultron, and the Civil War, and Thanos, a future full of little but fear and resentment and pain. He’d learned to stop hoping for much beyond the occasional flash of dreams for Harley and Peter’s futures. It wasn’t something he knew if he could just turn on again.
understood until that day how powerful she was. The kid was just a projection she had made with her magic, powerful and realistic enough that it could be heard and seen, but completely without substance. She needed…she said she needed to make sure that Tony knew he was about to—to die for nothing. That he didn’t get to be a hero. I tried to tell him we were coming, we’d be there soon, but she cut the comms. I don’t know if he heard, I don’t…” Steve would never know what the last thing Tony had ever heard was. Didn’t know, wasn’t sure he wanted to know, if it had been Steve’s own words of reassurance, or if Wanda had spoken any more to him before she’d taken his life. “I raced there as quickly as I could. I don’t know how many I took out on the way there, I had this horrible feeling…but before I was even to the warehouse, I looked up and there was Iron Man. Only it wasn’t…I’d seen him fight so many times by then. It was always like…well, I compared it once to watching the ballet with Natasha. The suit was huge and powerful, but he always moved so smoothly and gracefully in it. And every attack was precise, with exactly enough power to incapacitate but never seriously harm unless it was unavoidable. This…this wasn’t like that. I watched the suit kill five enemies with a single unibeam blast. No hesitation, no warning, nothing. I knew then that something was wrong, kept trying to talk Tony down, call him off…but I didn't realize until afterwards that that…that had been JARVIS grieving. He had just lost his creator and his best friend, and he wanted to kill every single person who had contributed to that loss. He didn’t stop until there was no one left. He waited until the rest of the team got back, so I wasn’t alone…that’s when he finally landed the armour and told us…that he’d lost Tony’s vitals forty-seven minutes and thirteen seconds before. He was dead. It had been quick and, from what JARVIS's sensors could tell painless, the kind of death only magic can give you. But Tony wasn’t coming back.” Silence filled the room. Domen probably thought he was done. Hell, Steve had thought he was done. “I didn’t talk to JARVIS for months afterward, you know. I was so unbelievably angry that he'd waited, that he’d followed Tony’s ridiculous Avalon protocol….I made him stop monitoring my floor, and the rest of the team helped me install manual controls for the things JARVIS used to handle like lighting and climate control. It was so petty, such a foolish thing to—”
“You keep saying ‘you.’” Phil phrased the observation as a statement, not a question, which meant he already knew Steve’s reasoning and was forcing him to make it plain to the others. (Phil was a great handler, and also sometimes Steve sort of hated him.)
Following Natasha’s lead, Steve went for the shields instead. He took one out of commission with a well-placed kick right at the apex of its curve. The last remaining shield retreated back to the armour. When it did Steve dove for the shield, dodging several repulsor blasts. He was still rolling forward and into a standing position when he sent the shield soaring again, with more force and speed than his first attempt.
“I believe I said PG, Sir.” Seeing Steve shiver at the title had absolutely nothing on feeling the way his frame shook, rocking Tony’s entire body with it. (Nothing Tony had ever done or would ever do made him feel quite so powerful as having that particular effect on Steve. He hoped it never wore off.) “You need to sleep.”
Prompt:
“Shh. This is
You all are rocking it with these questions, seriously. I have so much fun spending Saturdays on these!
to say then was everything. She didn’t ask who Peter was to Tony, whether he was his biological kid or his—what had Strange said, his ward?—or something else. She didn’t ask if Peter had died, or how. She relayed the facts as she understood them and nothing more, and it was the kindest thing anyone on the Avengers had done for him, maybe in years. So instead of insulting her intelligence and her skills by lying, or just telling her to fuck off, he begged. He gave her unprecedented power over his very fucking soul, and pleaded with her to keep it safe.
“Ow ow fuck, Rhodey, ow! Jesus, stop, man!” Rhodey popped him a couple more times before he even bothered replying, and Tony squirmed until Rhodey readjusted, settling a heavy thigh on top of Tony’s legs, anchoring him in place.
Its vast emptiness was depressing. MJ, however, was delighted. She let out an uncharacteristic squeal when they stepped inside and immediately began making plans for making some kind of clubhouse where she, Ned, and Peter could hang out on the regular. A few bean bag chairs, maybe even a couch if they could sneak one out of the compound, and she insisted the place could have a ‘ Peter, while he enjoyed the thought of a space slightly outside the prying eyes of the Avengers, also had his hesitations.
“Their egos can take it I’m sure. Seriously, though…you okay, with all of this? They’re asking a lot of you, and if it’s too much after what happened before…”
“I know you’re comforted by training right now. I know it makes you feel safe and secure. But there’s more than one way to care for ourselves, and for him. He needs this, Steve. He needs it more than I could have possibly hoped.” Bruce might have gone on to say more, but at the sound of Steve’s name, Tony’s head darted up, eyes frantically searching the room.
“I guess I just never would have expected Coulson to need, well. This.”
The announcement from JARVIS came at precisely 9:00 as Steve had known it would, because all soldiers regardless of their branch lived and died by precision. As long as Tony was officially in Rhodes’ hands, he would be punctual whether he liked it or not.
It wasn’t that Peter didn’t like Sam. In their limited interactions he had in fact proved to be one of Peter’s favourite members of the team. He was funny and a little less socially awkward than the rest of them, easily filling gaps in conversation without ever resorting to meaningless chit-chat. He had also been one of the only ones, in those hazy days immediately following Tony’s not-death, to focus less on trying to convince Peter to accept what had happened on the battlefield. Instead, he’d asked if Peter had a favourite memory of the man he wanted to share, confessing that he hadn’t known Tony particularly well and that it might make Sam himself feel like less of a fraud among the other mourners to know something other than the basics.
We also got our first #AskStrange entries, one about the orientation classification system and one about the outcome of the Infinity Wars in the MCU-verse. Responses were posted to Tumblr, and are now also up on A03 as a part two to this story. If you want to participate in this interactive component of the fic, you can ask questions here or on Tumblr; just remember to tag them #AskStrange so I know you're asking him and not me! If you have no idea what I'm talking about but think it sounds like something you might be interested in, see the extended notes at the beginning of chapter one.
In which the events of last chapter are replayed from Tony's POV, and the Steve/Tony showdown finally happens.
“Yeah, I figured as much, FRIDAY. Can you be a little bit more specific?”
“I am not supposed to exist.”
“Doesn’t sound too bad, huh?”
“Because if, despite all the massive, planet-sized holes in this plan, it actually worked it would be a matter of time before you hated me for stealing a second chance with your child away from you. And maybe it’s selfish, Tony, but I’m not willing to risk that. I’m sorry, but the answer is no.”
a difference.”
“You have no right to keep us from him!” That was Clint, he was almost sure, except that as intimately familiar as Tony had become with Clint’s anger in his own world, he’d never heard the man sound quite so nearly out of control before. Rhodey, however, was not backing down.
“Right. Mortified. Which, I am. But it was pretty great, some of it. I…was it, were you—I guess it probably gets boring after a while?”
No, he needed some time away from the Tower.
I'm back from a short holiday-related break, and I hope you all got a chance to do some relaxing as well. Thank you so much as always for your comments and kudos! They always mean the world to me. I'm still on the hell-site that is Tumblr for now, so you can still submit #AskStrange questions there, or here on A03, if you're interested.
“Whatever differences there are between you and the other version of Tony I knew, I don’t think either of ever really had a safe place to make mistakes. Testing your Dominants is a way of doing that, of learning again and again that you can fuck up and they’ll punish you so that you can atone and then let it go.” This bit of insight had been both stunningly accurate and rather terrifying (would Tony really always need this? had he always been searching for it, even before he’d ever been a submissive in the sense that this universe meant it?), and he’d been relieved when Rhodey had shortly changed the subject to their respective plans for the day.
Guest speaker:
In terms of process, the way I write has really shifted since I started a couple of years ago. My ageplay verse was mapped out in extreme detail. This was necessary in part because I was juggling so many POVs and storylines in that one. But it was also because I was new to fic writing and needed those kinds of outlines in order to feel confident that I was heading in the right direction.
Tony and the team make it through their first major punishment scene
“I’m not one for speeches. I usually leave that to the big guys, and yes Nat that includes you,” Clint grinned. Despite his earlier bravado, there was a shakiness in his smile that made Tony ache in a pleasant sort of way. “But Phil and I…we were talking a few weeks ago about the various safehouses we’ve been in throughout the years. For so long, safety was always like that for me, for most of us: moveable, impermanent. Usually with some accompanying weird smells in the carpet. But as we were talking it really kinda hit me that my safe house isn’t a physical space anymore at all. It’s people. It’s everyone here, especially you; every day I get to wake up and love you is…well, not much makes me humble, but that does.”
His honesty earned him back Phil’s cock, and Tony tried like hell to push his partner toward orgasm. He was good with his mouth, always had been, and while he hadn’t been lying about not wanting to use the blowjob to compensate for the earlier safeword, he was pretty desperate to please Phil. Coulson apparently had other plans. Every time Tony felt his thighs start to shake or the movement of his hips became irregular, he had Tony go back to circling the head with kitten licks and kisses. By his fourth attempt to get Coulson to really lose control, Tony was starting to take it personally. He apparently hid this less well than he might have hoped, because Phil chuckled and his hand in Tony’s hair started to stroke rather than pull at the strands.
It was absolutely nothing like Tony had imagined Peter’s life without him. The kid was supposed to be eating street food and fetching cats out of trees, not fighting for his life in an ICU while his bewildered aunt wondered if he had joined some kind of gang or if he was being abused or chased by someone with deadly intent. This reality had in fact been so unthinkable to Tony that he’d considered the possibility that it was May herself who was different. Perhaps Peter was not reaching out to her because she had never embraced her role as his primary caretaker with the same care and devotion she’d provided in Tony’s original universe? Natasha had been quick, decisive, and entirely correct in striking down that option. Tony had not been truly surprised, but the absence of that theory left behind a truth that was somehow even more discomforting: that Tony’s presence in his life had potentially ended up altering the course of the other Peter Parker’s life in ways that were not solely negative.
“I’m just saying, I thought this was a competitive organization and not an outreach program.”
Steve had been furious. The kind of anger that made the people around him start worrying aloud about the structural integrity of SHIELD HQ. Natasha had tried to sell it as a victory.
“And if the matter isn’t resolved before the exhibition? Then we do it my way?” Talia wanted to agree, Steve could almost feel how badly. Shuri, a genius and a submissive-leaning switch, was somewhat of a personal hero of hers, and the chance to both please her and get the chance to attend the upcoming exhibit of medical and communications technology being hosted by Wakanda? It bordered on cruelty to put Talia in such a position in the first place. His agent squared her shoulders, took a long, deep breath. Then she looked over to Masdee, who answered the show of deference with a rare, teeth-baring smile.
“I could, but I won’t. In all my experience working with Steve, he only tends to cut off communication in two circumstances. The first is if he’s about to do something reckless that he knows the rest of us won’t approve of. Possible, but unlikely here given that the battle itself looks to be over. The second reason Steve does this is when he’s ashamed, and wants to avoid reporting back to me for as long as possible.”
(Was this her hell? Was she doomed to relive the Snap for all eternity, powerless to stop it?)
“No, not me. And maybe not you either, Phil. He was pretty quiet when it came to you. But he said something about Sokovia, and some airport in Germany—he was gettin’ really hard to follow by this point. But between that history and the fact that he knows you all are still grieving the other him…well, he’s making a lot of noise about not sticking around the Tower for long.” Steve had already thought of at least seven objections to that plan that had nothing to do with his personal life, and from the mutinous expressions on the rest of his team’s faces, he supposed they were right there with him. Rhodes halted all of them with a raised hand and a glare. “I know, alright? I know. But he’s not thinking clearly right now, about anything; I tried to ask when he’d last gone down and he looked at me like he was just…completely lost. He finally agreed to let Banner get a look at him. If Tones will permit it, Bruce’s gonna give him a sleeping pill when he’s done, knock him right out and let him get a decent night’s sleep. After that, I don’t know. But I’m not leaving until he’s a little steadier on his feet. I’ve now lost this man twice already and I’m sure as hell not planning on goin’ for three.”
“So beyond making it voluntary, how would you prevent the kinds of abuse people were concerned about when they wrote these laws?”
“No glamping necessary. I did bring reinforcements, though,” Steve held up the bags of take-out, “and if you’re okay with turning that off, I thought maybe we could watch a movie or something. Start getting to know each other—just as friends—before we have to try to convince people we’re a hell of a lot more than that."
“Tony, it’s not—”
Heat flooded Tony’s belly. After so long without, he was almost dizzy at the sudden possibility of being able to freely have sex with any member of the team that he chose. He was tempted to say yes before even hearing the alternative and wasn’t entirely sure what stopped him.
“Turns out I have to go into SHIELD for a few hours. Hey, you want to come with me?” Having been expecting a gentle suggestion of rest or submission (or both), Tony was surprised enough to fully take his eyes off the documents in front of him.
(Supposed to what, Peter, stay here and hold your hand and tell you it’s going to be okay?)
“Like I said. Not interested.” Domen didn’t look disappointed, or angry. She didn’t even glance up from her screen. He peered down at his watch. (One hour, fifty-eight minutes to go.)
“I just thought if Tony stayed here on Thursday it should be clean, that’s all.” Bucky arched a skeptical brow.
In happier news, there will be new chapters for you great unfinished symphony
Tony nodded again, feeling relief and gratitude start to gnaw at the edges of anxiety and shame. Phil was asking for such simple things: repeat this, confirm that. These were things Tony could do, things that didn’t make him feel smaller and more foolish than he already did.
“It’s the reverse, actually. No one could tell you what debriefing was when you asked because what everyone needs after a mission is unique, specific to who they are, or exactly what happened during a particular battle. Some of them need to relive it; they sit and tell me every detail they can remember—every scream, every drop of blood, every life they took or changed forever. Others need me to serve as a kind of judge; they tell me every error they made, what it cost them or the members of their team, and then they accept whatever decision I arrive at regarding punishment or reward. Sometimes they can’t say anything at all, and so it’s me who does the talking, telling them whatever I think they most need to hear whether it’s analysis of their technique in battle or reassurance and support. It can involve orientational dynamics, but it also doesn’t have to. So the question you should be asking yourself, then, Tony, is what do you need?”
“Steve, you’re scaring me.” That, at least, cut through the panic and self-loathing enough for Steve to force a few deep lungfuls of air into his system. He still wasn’t up to trying to explain top-drop to someone who probably didn’t know what it even was—Steve should have thought to go through this before they’d ever scened, but it had been so long since he'd really dropped like this…
“I am sixteen years old and I am about to bury my fourth parental figure. I died trying to save the world before I had even told the girl I like that I have a crush on her. Fuck you you’re fucking tired.” He started whaling on Steve’s chest again, but Peter’s strength was finally giving out, and he forgot to tuck his thumb properly on one of the blows. His thumb broke with an audible crack and Peter howled, collapsing onto the floor. “Agh god. Ow ow ow ow—no don’t you fucking touch me.”
“I thought we could go grab some burgers before the fancy party. There’s never enough food at these kinds of events for someone with my metabolism, and I'd really like to spend some time with you without so many eyes on us.” He held the flowers out to Tony, who mumbled something he hoped sounded thankful while he dug through the kitchen in search of a vase.
Peter happened upon a weird kind of routine in the weeks that followed. He was allowed to patrol as Spider-Man up to three times a week as long as his grades stayed steady and he alerted either May or Tony that he was leaving and what his status was when he returned. Who he chose, particularly for the post-mission stuff, depended on what he wanted. Tony was most likely to greet him with new materials and the occasional suggestion for suit upgrades or adjustments to his fighting technique. May tended to offer hugs and some kind of food (or cash left on the table to cover delivery if she was working.) It was the most bizarre co-parenting relationship imaginable, made even weirder by May’s continued attendance at Avengers family dinners and the occasional texts Peter was positive came from Tony that made her do that snort-laughing thing. Compared to the special kind of hell it had been to try to keep the super-heroing part of his life a secret, though, it was practically an after-school special.
“…uh, what, sorry?”
“What if you’re a True, you mean?” He nodded, and his Dad threw his head back and laughed again, already turning his attention back to his work. “Boy, you got nothin’ to worry about. There hasn’t been a Stark that’s been anything but a middle-scale Switch in decades.”
“Jay, security footage from the penthouse living room please.” It had occurred to him afterward that JARVIS probably could have refused his request to spy on the team, especially given that from what he had surmised they were now the legal owners of the Tower itself. But his AI had brought up a holo-screen without hesitation, or even his usual commentary.
AIs will spend this meeting reviewing and responding scenarios on The Moral Machine (linked
It was then that Tony realized, really, truly understood, that he had never seen more than the faintest glimpse of Steve in Dominant headspace before now. It wasn’t just that Steve had issued a command and Tony wanted to follow it, it was as if the entirety of Tony’s sense of self had temporarily re-written itself around being and doing exactly what Steve wanted. There was no space for anything else; anxiety and resistance, worry about the blood tests and everything else their future held, there just wasn’t room for any of it with Steve’s voice and his overwhelming presence filling up everything.
Excellent, I love an orderly list of queries! I shall aspire to be equally methodical in my responses.
“And you like Mr. Hogan? I never ended up having much in the way of direct contact with him, but Tony always spoke very highly of—”
“I think your mind is just afraid to accept being happy,” Bruce mused during their usual Tony-free Thursday drinking session. “It’s looking for a catastrophe that isn’t coming.”
“Information about what.”
Tony flushed with embarrassment at having essentially abandoned all the ample cocksucking technique he’d developed over the years, but he tried not to dwell on it as he did as Phil had instructed. He tongued at the slit of Phil’s cock, happily lapping at the drops of pre-come that greeted him.
“I know. But we’re all really proud of you Steve, and you’re going to come out the other side of this thing.”
None of this, however, had been enough to convince Tony to intervene. (At least not directly; one way or another, he was going to make sure money became way less of a concern for the Parkers.) That had taken the last and most recent document Natasha had managed to find: paperwork Peter had obtained and partially filled out to have himself declared an emancipated minor. He hadn’t filed it anywhere yet, which meant Nat had probably done something pretty questionable to access it on his computer, but it had been the final piece of data Tony had needed to understand the magnitude of what was happening. In this world, May had never found out that Peter was Spiderman, nor had the kid’s best friend, Ned. As a result, both of those relationships had suffered; Doctor Tesfaye reported overhearing the end of a screaming match between May and Peter the night prior regarding his most recent injuries. Natasha’s snooping on Peter’s social media profiles, meanwhile, revealed that he had unfriended Ned on all major platforms six months ago, and his school records reflected an increasing degree of isolation and a corresponding drop in grades. And now, already more alone than he had ever been, Peter was working to legally break all bonds between himself and his aunt, presumably to prevent May from being responsible for paying any more of his hospital bills.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony wasn’t entirely sure what he had expected out of a meeting with two world-renowned spies. For the most part, his own versions of Natasha and Clint had kept to themselves; Natasha had more than once requested highly specific alterations to her tac suit and weaponry while refusing to give Tony any insight into their intended purpose. And Clint, hell, Clint had had an entire life that no one but Nat had ever been given access to until there had been no other option. The only times he had really known what either of them was doing was when he had been fighting right alongside them. (Yet another thing he would have changed if he’d been able to use time travel for anything but the most immediately relevant purposes. He would have fought for greater integration between Clint and Nat’s work with SHIELD and on the Avengers Initiative, so that their loyalties and attention hadn’t been so piecemeal.)
Nothing seemed remotely abnormal until Tony woke in the middle of the night with an idea for upgrading Drama’s sensors and threw open his bedroom door only for Steve Rogers to tumble, quite literally, onto his feet.
In a horrible parody of that act, one of Thor’s large hands encircled Tony’s wrist. If he’d been so inclined, it would probably take Thor less than a second to break the bone, maybe Tony’s whole arm. His fingers traced the outline of the band with almost unfathomable gentleness, and Tony wondered how much work Thor had to put in to regulating his own power enough to achieve that kind of touch. When the demigod’s index finger made to slide under the watch’s face, Tony flinched. Instantly, the entire hand withdrew.
“Please, Bruce.”
was Steve’s idea of a warm up. His Dominant didn’t repeat the question, and the calm authority of that silence was way more affecting than if he’d started screaming or whaling on Tony.
“Just giving you time to enjoy it, darling. Stop worrying about where we’re going and just be where we are.”
And then Tony had died, and he and Sam…well, it had all kind of fallen apart. Sam had been the first to pull away, triggered by witnessing Steve’s loss of his partner after enduring the death of his own Dominant. He’d come back, though, had even flown out to New York to drag Steve out of the Tower for walks and meals. And then the press had gotten wind of his presence, along with a few images of them walking ‘too closely to be friendly.’ (As Steve recalled, that was mainly because he had barely been eating or sleeping at that point and Sam had been genuinely frightened he would keel over on the street, but no one seemed interested in the truth.)
Telling them about the Howard of his own world and his use of the Soul Stone to bring Tony into existence went way more smoothly than Tony had anticipated. They weren’t mad, they didn’t recoil or look at him with pity. They had reactions and questions of course, most of which were so suited to their personalities that he could have hugged them all in dizzy relief. Thor, probably the most familiar with the infinity stones out of everyone there, deemed him “a soul worthy of the cosmos.” Clint added that the universe “fucking owed Tony one,” then proceeded to ask what else his “upgraded Soul XP” was good for. Natasha, who out of all of them probably had the most warning that something like this was coming, simply thanked him again for what he’d done for her other self, then called the other Nat some Russian slur that Tony chose not to ask for a translation of. Coulson thanked him too, not for what he’d done for the other Natasha, but for telling them. (Someone said something then about some file of Coulson’s, which didn’t make sense, and the rest seemed in a great hurry to move on from that topic after it came up.)  Bruce and Tony got into a brief discussion about the potential science of the whole thing, which was abruptly shut down when Bucky pressed a heated kiss to Bruce’s lips, then pointed at Tony.
It was midmorning at SHIELD, and Tony was in Steve’s office again. Steve himself was not working on their project on account of being on an incredibly tedious conference call, but Tony (who had not even offered to leave for said phone call) was in his usual spot on the couch.
She rolled her eyes, but rather ruined the effect by leaning down to drop another kiss on his cheek.
“God, who knows what bullshit reasons my mind has for the things it does.” May did not call this out for the obvious lie of omission it was, but she did take back the bottle of wine. Holding it hostage might not be the most ethical approach to this conversation, but hell if she was going to do all the work. Part of her was already regretting not letting one of Tony’s ample supply of partners handle this. “Ugh, you are so exactly like Pepper. The fact that there’s two of you should rightfully make the world implode or something. I…this is the one thing that’s just mine, okay? Not—I mean, he’s yours, obviously he’s your kid and I would never. Christ, when did I get so bad at this?”
“So? What’s your vote, Steve? Not that there’s really multiple credible options here, there’s so
I have? Oh good. Just checking!
“Over a decade ago now I stood up in front of the world and I announced that SI would no longer be manufacturing weapons. How many of you started updating your resumes?” Pepper raised her hand with exaggerated speed, and Tony glared in mock betrayal. Her candour had paid off, however; most of the room had their hands in the air with her. “Et tu, Potts?” Pepper shrugged, clearly unrepentant. “Anyway. You might have questions, you almost definitely had doubts, but you stuck around. Everyone here stuck around, or came to SI afterward as we were trying to figure out what our new direction would be. And then, as a thank you, I turned around and did the same damn thing to all of you. Just over a month ago I stood up and told people about Howard Stark—who he really was, what he valued, and what he was willing to sacrifice to get there. Our company bears his name, and the weight of his legacy good and bad, so I knew that it would have an impact on more than just myself. While it wasn’t news I could safely share with you ahead of time for reasons that are probably pretty obvious, I know the shock was probably still a particularly unpleasant one.
“What? No, I can’t leave this guy, I just wanted to know if you had any tips about fighting invisible people. Like maybe some kind of setting on the AI you insisted on putting in the suit.” Given that the tech had been one of Tony’s only real demands, Peter had figured he’d be thrilled to get to show it off rather than trying to rush Peter off the scene midway through a battle.
“It’s a little bit tied to the non-sexual submission stuff we worked on the other day, especially our conversations about money. You do need to learn that the fact that you’re rich doesn’t mean we want or need you to always be the one paying for stuff. But more than that, honestly, I just want you to blow off some steam. Take a little vacation from everything, even the orientation stuff. It’s been an intense week, and I want you to just take our credit cards and buy anything you see that you like; I know there are places loyal enough to you around here that they would shut their stores to the public for an hour. You and Rhodey could make a day of it. Make it part of a welcome thing for him too, get both of you something pretty.”
This chapter also contains a mention of miscarriage. It’s relatively easy to avoid (just skip the last paragraph) if this is a trigger for you. I also wanted to note that the way the character talks about that experience is specific to that person. (I’m especially concerned about their account being read as in any way anti-choice. My own previous pregnancy loss has only made me more ferociously committed to upholding everyone’s right to choose what they want for their bodies.)
, a submissive, is currently in a relationship with another submissive; she remains the director in her lab, but does spend some of her work hours with the Dora Milaje in order to ensure orientational wellness.
If it
“I’m glad she thinks so! I was terrified the entire time to tell you the truth.”
Ugh, Stark and feelings. My least favourite combination of words. Now, to your question: my impression is that Stark had feelings for Rogers early on in their relationship, but that they were largely nullified by the events of the Civil War. He believed Rogers to have chosen James Barnes over himself in every possible way, so any romantic interest in the man was, while not immediately banished, certainly tainted.
Steve dismissed the meeting soon afterward, probably because Tony very nearly jumped down the throat of a guy who had been on about how malleable children were, and how much easier this would likely make recruiting Ms. Marvel. The second the door closed behind the last of the other occupants, Steve was crossing the room and wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist from behind. The touch felt both grounding and grating given Tony’s current frustrations.
It wasn’t just Barnes, though. The lot of them were having fun in a way that Tony had rarely witnessed in his own universe, delighting in one another’s company and in the creative solutions the course forced them to come to. They cheered and mocked and supported one another without any of the hesitation or tense undercurrents that had been a constant accompaniment to the other team’s interactions. (Of all the remarkable things Tony had seen these people do since arriving here, he’d never been anywhere close to this jealous.)
(See the end of the chapter for
“You make a surprisingly good pillow given the whole muscles on muscles thing,” Tony babbled, then winced as an attempt to stretch some of the stiffness from his joints seemed to aggravate something in his neck. Bucky’s hand shot out and was gently manipulating the muscles there before he even seemed to have time to consider what he was doing. Tony groaned, tipping his head backward; Bucky responded with a low, wanting growl of his own.
“Tony Stark to see you, Director Rogers.”
“Well, I thought maybe I could consult.” The words didn’t even come out with any bitterness. Hell, maybe all of them would have been better off if they’d stuck to Natasha’s original recommendations and kept Tony at a distance from the Avengers Initiative. “I know we have to be careful about the overlap with SHIELD, but since Cap runs it and all, I thought maybe—your Tony did great work, but I don't think he ever got far with nanotech, and I’ve done some pretty great things with that. I could upgrade the team's suits, maybe take a look at their weapons…” Tony trailed off, somewhat appalled to realize he had somehow progressed from offering to begging.
“That’ll be Sir right now. But you’re on the right track, take all the time you need.” Tony growled and felt his legs try and fail to kick, held securely in the cuffs that kept them strapped to the leg rests. The unwavering kindness in Steve’s voice even as he landed stinging slap after slap to Tony’s ass was infuriating, at least as frustrating as the bench holding open and spread for Steve’s merciless hands. “Self-esteem,” Steve prompted.
“I’m afraid I do not fully understand what has happened,” Thor said. Contrary to the times when he played at ignorance for fun, the demigod despised the moments when he felt like he was letting down his team by not fully grasping something about Midgarian society. Natasha leaned just slightly into him, which from her was as much a show of affection as a bear hug or a kiss from any other member of the team.
“I just, I couldn’t. And now they’re all going to hate me and this’ll just be another thing I screwed up.” May snorted, gesturing to the kitchen counter onto which the leftovers she’d brought with her had barely fit.
He made quick work of shoes and socks, then methodically stripped Steve of the rest of his clothes, piling all of them neatly on the bench in front of the bed. That was when he finally allowed himself to look at his Dominant, who was staring back at him with not a single trace of the exhaustion that had coloured his features just minutes before,
After weeks of being on guard against precisely this kind of overreach, Peter’s initial temptation was to dive right into the scene below the streetlamp on which he was perched out of sheer spite. It was a surprisingly short-lived impulse, though. Oh he was still pissed, and he and Tony would be having numerous conversations about the fact that Peter was very nearly a whole-ass adult and not in need of rescuing. After months of coming home to May in various states of injury, though, he knew the kind of fear that manifested as anger. Whatever this thing was, it had Tony freaked right out.
“So it turns out that FRI is actually higher in the AI pecking order than me, which—yeah. I’m sure I’ll find a way around that with time, but for now all she’s saying is that Peter is on the premises and relatively stable. She promises to alert us both if that changes.”
“Uuugh, already they’re making you less fun, Honey Bear. We should rethink this.”
“What could you possibly need babysitting for?” she wondered aloud. “Does this have something to do with what happened with Morton? Because that twit has had it coming since his first day on base, there’s really no reason to lose sleep over it, Sir.” Steve restrained a smile, though just barely, at the easy way Talia offered the honorific. It was another solid indicator that her time in subspace had affected her for the better.
“What’s your safeword?”
By the time Phil had completed his debriefing meetings as well as his initial round of notes, it was passed three in the morning. His eyes itched with exhaustion powerful enough that he didn’t trust himself to see the numbers in the elevator, and he requested instead that JARVIS just take him to wherever Steve was.
“If you messed with my Tower or my AI—” He stopped mid-sentence, recalling with a start that neither of the two items he’d listed could accurately be referred to as his, and that doing so might piss his date off. Clint, however, just laughed and nudged him through the door.
Instead, she dropped off the map for close to a year, pursued additional training in her field, and worked in several low-paying internships before finally landing a position at the New York Times. Her coverage of the Avengers, as well as other global political issues, is considered the best and fairest in the country.
“So if not paperwork then what can I do for you tonight Agent?”
“Fuck you, old man.”
“But the truth it’s not always easy to tell the difference. Sometimes we make mistakes. And the water is muddied further by the fact that regardless of the source of a person’s stress, going into a healthy and safe headspace is usually the first suggested method for managing it.”
“Phil is a cat-4 switch, which means he’s heavily inclined toward submission. I think he needs to spend some time in at least a shallow form of headspace this morning, so I’m going to put him there and care for him. While he’s down I’m going to ask that you not direct any questions to him, but you’re welcome to observe what we’re doing and ask myself or Clint anything you’d like.”
“SHIELD is…I don’t regret staying. I’m the one who tore it apart, and I had a responsibility to build it back up and not just leave it in ruins.” For just a moment, Tony thought of his own universe, of helicarriers littering the Potomac, of the world left behind in chaos while Steve chased Bucky, and he loved this Steve so fiercely he very nearly interrupted the conversation with sex for a second time. “But I’ve also taken the agency as far as I think I know how to take it. The things it needs now, they’re exactly what you did the other day when you came in and told me everything that was wrong about how we handle kids; it needs fresh blood, news eyes.”
“X-Wing, really? The maneuverability on the TIE-fighters is way better.”
This time it connected, hitting the armour roughly above Tony’s ribcage. He grunted and doubled over, and the chatter and commentary in the room instantly died out.
“Nothin’ to be afraid of. I’m just a kid from Brooklyn.” Thor’s hand found Steve’s under the table. He was one of the only people on the team capable of making Steve feel small, and even in his Dominant headspace some part of him reveled in that.
“I—I’m sorry?” he offered, feeling just submissive enough, still, to be extra-devastated by the idea that he’d somehow managed to upset his Dominant. Steve sighed and forced at least a facsimile of relaxation back into his frame. (Tony spared a moment to feel giddy at the fact that he was familiar enough with Steve’s body by now to know just by feel that it wasn’t the real thing.)
“Tell me something else, Steve. It doesn’t have to be in any kind of order. Remember I’m not looking for something comprehensive or even sensible like a mission report. All I want is your narrative. Anything that you think of when your mind goes back to that day.”
It was Bruce that finally acted. Of course it was; Bruce had taken the time to be Tony’s friend while the rest of them were still busy believing the largely fictitious public version of Tony that he had clung to for dear life. Seconds after JARVIS’s voice had drawn that horrible, animalistic noise from Tony (seconds that truly felt like hours), Bruce was crossing the room in a few long strides. His skin was still dusted with patches of green from the nearness of his transformation. (But that made sense too. Tony was the only one Bruce ever truly trusted with the Hulk part of himself.)
There was no disobeying that tone, and the cool rush of air into his lungs combined with a series of hits from the flogger just below his hips were enough that he might as well have been coming. His mind was gloriously, completely blank, numb to everything but the pain singing across his back and ass. Thudding was not enough, not even close to enough of a descriptor to capture the way it felt like Bruce was inside him, even more deeply in some ways than just fucking him, because this wasn’t just one place it was everywhere. He had taken over Tony’s entire being from the inside out.
In short, Tony seemed to have fallen in love with the place. He complimented Steve freely and frequently on the changes he’d made since taking over as Director and asked permission to review everything from the building’s blueprints to personnel files of even the organization’s most junior agents. He acquired knowledge of SHIELD with the same vigour and excitement with which he usually attacked problems of science or mechanics, learning the organization from the inside out, making astute observations and asking questions whose responses he listened to with the entirety of his intense attention. Steve mostly avoided making comparisons to the other Tony these days, but the contrast in this particular arena was too striking to miss. The other Tony had avoided SHIELD like the plague, fearful that he and Steve would be perceived as too dependent on one another. If they were together during the workday, it was always Steve making the trip down to the shop, completing paperwork in the corner or testing weapons upgrades while Tony took extensive notes.
“Whaddya mean, Doc?”
Steve could easily have broken down in the face of his best friends’ renewed confidence. As it was, he settled for a tight nod and tried to get the rest of what he needed to say out before he lost his nerve.
“50% rain, 25% cat purring and 25% grandfather clock.” This sounded like an utterly bizarre mix of noises to Peter. It was also the kind of data Ned would kill to have about Captain America. Any temptation to mock, however, was eclipsed entirely by an overwhelming feeling of shame. Here Peter had been thinking he was special, that he’d drive Steve away by reminding him of how terrible Peter’s life was. Instead Steve had responded with candour and grace, not to mention an actually useful suggestion. (God, he really had become kind of an asshole.)
“S’nice.” He wanted to say more than that. He should thank Bruce, at least, or ask questions about aftercare to put this back on the level of the theoretical. (He couldn’t. There was nothing remotely abstract about the feeling of being pressed against Bruce, being told he was good, talking about science and music and math and physics with no sense of urgency, like Bruce could happily stay there forever.)
a romantic relationship with Steve for fuck’s sake, and he still wanted to curl up around this fake one like a cat and protect it from being tainted by Richards’ gross and not remotely subtle allusions. "Well I’ll leave it to him to fill you in on the details, but they may end up being a moot point anyway. It may turn out that, much like you, the Director has other things on his mind. His policies may well grow less…adventurous.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Let’s be very clear about something.” Clint never raised his voice. If anything, it grew softer but infinitely more dangerous, like spun cotton threaded with barbed wire. Tony didn’t need whatever instincts submissive in this universe had to realize instantly that
“Hey man. You really gotta eat something, alright? Pretty sure your team cooked every breakfast-related product in the place. Any preferences?” Rhodey wasn’t wrong about the sheer volume of food; the bench at the foot of the bed was piled high with plates containing eggs, sausage and bacon, pancakes, bagels, doughnuts, food that would fill at least ten un-enhanced humans. The sight made Tony vaguely nauseous.
“Information about something called chaos magic. Our best guess is he’s looking to replicate his sister’s powers, but all our people say that shit is entirely non-transferrable when the other person is dead, so it’s possible the grief has just gotten to him.”
), he shuddered and drummed his fingers against the housing unit on his chest.
So last chapter was a little polarizing (which is totally fine! You were all still very kind in your feedback, and I think it's good that you aren't always of one mind about how things are playing out.) I hope this one felt a bit more soothing, though, and that those of you who have been anxious for answers on Bucky are enjoying hearing from him!
“Well said, mine own,” Thor added, and Clint’s proud smile made Tony love Thor all the more.
“But I’m really glad your…err, foot’s healed, Talia.”
“I was hoping all of this could be more like a trade. The way it was with you and Rhodey last night.” Unconsciously at first, Tony started matching his breaths in time with Bruce’s deep, even inhalations and exhalations. It was as close as he’d ever come, in his own world, to agreeing to practice meditation with the guy, and almost against his will he felt his shoulders shift down slightly from near his ears. (Sneaky bastard.) And this Bruce knew what he was doing just as well as his counterpart had; he and Tony exchanged grins, and then Bruce made a show of taking another long, deep breath. “I know there’s information you have to have, whether you want it or not, about our Tony. But we don’t…it’s like Phil said. No one’s trying to groom you. No one wants to make you him, especially at the cost of losing everything that makes you, you. I had the privilege of knowing one version of Tony Stark, and I would very much like to get to know you too, in whatever ways you feel like you can let me right now.”
“Yeah he’s fine.” Steve sighed audibly, and despite the fact that Peter often considered pissing the guy off to be a kind of sport, he knew a few seconds of guilt. Steve was trying in his own unpolished and uncomfortable way, it wasn’t his fault that he wasn’t, well, Tony. “He makes her laugh a lot, which she hasn’t done much in the past few years. And he seems, I don’t know. Solid. Grounded.”
The first strike landed at the same time as the word ‘peace,’ a jarring juxtaposition if he’d ever heard or felt one. It was only a few strokes with the paddle before Tony understood just how easy Natasha had been going on him with the flogger the night before. He twisted in her grasp, unsure where he was trying to go, or what he’d do when he got there; Natasha planted her spare hand on his lower back and landed another swat to his right ass cheek. Thudding, the word Steve had given him to describe the type of pain produced by tools like paddles, was entirely accurate, and yet it didn’t come anywhere close to capturing the way the pain felt like it sank down from Tony’s skin and into his very bones, then reverberated back outward in a devastating echo.
all through him.
“Fuck. Oh fuck, that fucking hurts.”
“Okay, I’m trying really hard not to jump in at the middle here, but you’re pretty damn keyed up. We’re not going to do anything intensive before we talk, but can I try a couple of things to try to get you settled?” Relieved, Tony nodded, wondering when the hell he’d become such anxious and awkward being. “Alright. Sit on the couch, middle cushion, palms down and on your knees. Good. Now take a deep, long breath in and hold it for five. Now out. Again.” Clint led them through several rounds of that, varying the breathing patterns or asking Tony to focus on different things each time. It was just intellectual enough to keep his frantically whirring mind occupied without going overboard and losing sight of what they were there for altogether. “You’re going to get a lot of choices today,” Clint said. “That won’t always be the case, but there’s a lot that we don’t know about each other yet, and I would rather give you options than push you too far too fast. So we’re going to talk some more, but the first decision you have to make is whether you’re alright with being naked for that conversation, or if you’d prefer to stay clothed for now.”
“So I’m calmer. My blood sugar is climbing back to normal levels. I apologize for accusing you of…coercing Peter into trying to take the world on his shoulders. He’s always done it, whatever this roided up spider did only enhanced something that was already there. But I’m still confused about your role here. Why reach out, why pay our bills, which is still something we’re coming back to later by the way? What do you want from him?”
This chapter also contains a representation of a mild form of subdrop.
Making up for it the only way he could think of, Peter mumbled his thanks and then took a massive bite of pancake. It was thick and buttery and he could tell without even glancing toward the kitchen that the pan had been seasoned with bacon grease, just like it would have been if he was at home in Queens.
Students will be offered letter grades for all assignments in this course. Please review the MIT conversion chart for grade value equivalencies. You will be given substantive commentary on most assignments and that commentary will explain the grade and highlight areas and means for improvement.
Far from appearing annoyed by the torrent of half-formed thoughts, Bucky smiled indulgently and drew Tony up into his arms.
“Shh,” Clint soothed, his hands coming to rest on Tony’s knees and exerting the slightest bit of pressure, just enough to prevent his legs from reflexively shutting in an attempt to escape from Clint until he could regain some measure of self-control. Goose pimples were rising everywhere Clint’s breath fell, like Tony’s body was determined to help him leave behind traces of even the slightest touch.
“I’m sorry,” he blurted.
submissive.) “He made me promise, Stevie, that if there was even a shred of hope left that I wouldn’t let you give up. I swore that if he was missing, or if the evidence we were given could have more than one meaning, that we’d never stop looking, never abandon him to something like what he faced in Afghanistan.” (Tony had dreamed of that cave just a few nights before, curling into Steve’s chest and begging for assurance that he’d really made it out.) “I also swore that when it was over, without any doubt or possibility that he could be saved, I would be the one to take you in to see him. Even if it made you hate me. I promised that man, that man we
“I’m sorry, Tony, I wasn’t trying to stress you out. I would have explained and we would have started this morning but you were already so upset and trying to process the sub-high that it felt cruel to add anything else on top of that. You withheld medical information that you agreed in your contract to provide, so that we could keep you safe. So you’ll have to earn back that trust with me; until you do, JARVIS will be confirming the things you tell me in check-in.”
“Oh, the brain whammy? No, she definitely did that. Just like with your Tony, it was what spurred on the creation of Ultron.”
None of this was to say he wasn’t curious, especially when they instructed him to dress in a worn, cosy looking sweater several sizes too big for him, a soft pair of sweats, and the lace panties Clint had given to him in Malibu. He arched a brow at the odd combination, but Clint chuckled and and helped him step into the underwear.
“As I’ve said, there is no sex during check-ins. All we’re doing right now is ensuring that continued deprivation does not interfere with your health.” Bruce’s voice had never lost that even, smooth, professional tone he used during check-ins; if anything, he sounded a little more detached, like the fact that he was about to massage Tony’s prostate was just another task on a checklist he needed to complete. It was utterly humiliating and painfully, stupidly hot. “I’m going to insert the first finger now. The lubricant might feel a bit cold, but there should be no discomfort.”
Steve knelt down next to the bed and stroked Tony’s curls, which were developing a coating of grease owing to Tony’s refusal to shower or bathe. The other man rolled over, turning his back to Steve in a clear attempt at a dismissal.
(See the end of the chapter for
care. I will never not take that commitment seriously, you understand me?”
“Not mixed, actually, very against,” Tony interrupted. Bruce tugged at his hair, harder this time, sending sparks of
Steve’s own system was responding in kind. His Dominance was strong and intense enough that it was a rare thing for him to feel entirely at ease; whether consciously or not, he was constantly seeking out signs of discontent in switches and submissives, trying to find opportunities to help and to care for those around him. But right now, his Dominant hind-brain was taking a well-earned break, basking in the signs of fulfilled, happy submissive that were all over the penthouse.
“Mmm, I’m sure they did. James doesn’t strike me as someone who would give a token punishment to any submissive in his care that he felt deserved one. When did the spankings happen, relative to whatever caused them?”
Toomes…the name was not immediately familiar to Steve, and given both his photographic memory and his position at SHIELD, this was not comforting. He wanted to demand answers of Tony, but Natasha shook her head and threaded her fingers back through Tony’s hair. He leaned into her thigh and launched into a detailed update about the goings-on at SI.
“Well it smelled like you. Closest I could get while you’re off running the world.” Steve inhaled sharply, his grip on the back of Tony’s neck tightening for a few seconds and then releasing. “Was there something in particular you were hoping to see when you watched me?”
That was, at least, until the door opened, and a figure in a black, white, and pink costume soared through the air in front of them. Peter assumed they had been thrown, maybe by Giant Fist Girl from the video. At the speed they were going, a collision with the wall would be a painful one, and he was already moving to fire off his web shooter. He actually thought he
suit and JARVIS and Dummy with his fire extinguisher and his apparent free-reign to visit the Tower’s residents and his claw hovering over Tony’s arc reactor. That’s why they’d let him come down here, to the place he’s always felt safest and happiest. It was definitely why they weren’t asking many questions about their inter-universe counterparts, but still using the knowledge they had to their best advantage. He hadn’t said much about Coulson to Rhodey last night, but Tony’s silence (and the way he’d been unable to stop staring at the guy when he’d first come through the portal) had probably been telling enough. They knew there was something different about Coulson, and they weren’t above using that to get what they wanted.
There was something eerily beautiful about it, but it wasn’t enough. The struggle between Tony’s mind and body was at a fever pitch; his ass, hot and sore and tender, begged to be released from Natasha’s attentions, but he couldn’t fucking say it, couldn’t make the words come out because then everything would be different, she would know how profoundly Tony had failed her.
“Live not for Battles Won./Live not for The-End-of-the-Song./Live in the along,” Gwen agreed. As Peter stared at her with the mix of fascination and utter confusion that was becoming far too familiar in his interactions with her, she laughed. “Gwendolyn Brooks. I’m named after her, actually.”
, walking around with clear comfort and familiarity in the very last place he’d ever expected to find them, and Tony’s mind and heart were reeling.
We leave the team in a better place than we found them, and with big events on the horizon. It's the end of you great unfinished symphony (you sent for me)!
The others were stunned, neck-deep in grief and guilt and whatever else they’d all grown to feel about the new Tony. (The first Steve was right there with them.) Oddly enough, though, the second variation of Steve proved the most useful out of everyone involved in this particular situation. He was the only one capable of focusing on the strategic and the practical, on what needed to happen next instead of what had occurred hours before.
“I feel that way about seeing Director Rogers some days too, Ms. Potts,” Dylan confided in a conspiratorial whispers. “He’s a very kind man, but still he’s…well, Captain America.”
“When we discussed these sessions, I mentioned that I had some other writing I wanted you to do,” Phil said, the slight harshness to his breathing the only sign at all that he was remotely affected by the kiss. Tony nodded warily. “None of them are designed to be busywork; I don’t believe in punishments without a purpose, especially not given how little time we often have. They’re intended to serve as a kind of bridge toward the work you’ll be doing in the afternoons, an opportunity to think and reflect on different elements of your submission. While I do think there’s a value to using a different platform than those you’re used to, you’re permitted to use something else to compose these notes on something other than paper if you prefer, though I will be staying in the room to supervise regardless.”
“I miss him so much. I don’t mean to—I don’t want to be like I was before, obsessed with how I couldn’t save him and oblivious to everything I still have, I swear I’m not trying to—”
“I mean, maybe a bit. He was…well, even if we’d ever gotten our shit together enough to date, he definitely never would have gone to a fundraiser with me.”
Oh gawwwwd that is more smut than I have ever written and I'm dying.
“Well sure but they’re also—no, no, stop. I am not debating which Star Wars vehicle would be a better choice for my make believe world where things are easy and stuff just gets handed to me. That’s not my life, Mr.—Tony. And pretending that it is for a day or a week while you use me to make yourself feel better about being rich or whatever, that’ll just make it worse. Please, I—I appreciate what you did with the bills and everything, but please just go.”
“I got this, Cap.”
“Good. Now, usually I have my subs count during punishments, but you don’t need to worry about that today. We’ll be here until Bruce or I think you’re ready to be finished. When we do decide that, it’s done. It’s over. You talk to us, and then you let all this guilt and whatever is twisting you up inside go. That’s what punishment is for. Not to hurt you, not to get some kind of retribution. It’s to help you find some peace.”
“Hold on, hold on, did Clint and Rhodey kiss last night?” Bruce chuckled.
Tony shivered, and this time he was pretty sure it had nothing to do with the drop that was still pressing at the edge of his consciousness. Sure, he was starting to get a little cabin-fever staying trapped in the Tower, but his isolation also meant a level of privacy and security that he hadn’t had in…well, for pretty much as long as he could remember. The press and the public had been a part of his life since he’d been born; as Howard Stark’s son, he’d smiled far more often for reporter’s cameras than the Polaroid that made very rare appearances in the Stark household. (Come to think of it, that might have belonged to Edwin and Anna Jarvis, not Howard and Maria.) He’d been not only encouraged but actively coached to behave as if the public’s eye was always on him, and those lessons had taken almost too well. Even in his most intimate moments, the people Tony had loved best in his own universe had sometimes struggled to work their way through his multiple layers of masks and shields.
