John arches and moans loudly under him. Greg whimpers and his cock leaks. He continues stretching Mycroft now with four fingers.
“And the humans survived didn’t you?” Mycroft asks, “during the witch hunt. Don’t you dare talk to me about almost death and dying.” He snaps. “You don’t know half the pain of dying. As soon as you are done here and my Sire is back with us, you are banished from every commonwealth country. Every scrap of land that England and Great Britain calls it own.” He states, harshly.
“Well its a good thing we know some rituals help. Bodes well for the final one.” She nods, having been working on giving Camille energy and a voice. “Don’t be sorry. It’s my duty. I’m the vampire haven.” She smiles.
Mel strokes his cock as she fucks him. “Come. Come into my hand and then I’ll stuff it into your wife’s cunt.”
"Mm vibrators are addicting." He giggles and drink. "Your whole body tingles till you brain feels like it's turned to jelly."
Greg groans. He hollows his cheek and draws him in further. He cups Mycroft's bollocks and rolls them in his palm.
“Poor bloke, I don’t think he had ever seen that many tits before in one place.” Diōnē smiles. “Let alone what to do with them.
"Again! Again!" He commands testing John. He pushes his arse back into John's hand and fucks himself on John's fingers.
"Perhaps, a bit." John agrees though he's smiling. "I don't mind, but let's not go alienating our neighbors.
Sky finds a high place to hide and watches the boys play, knowing that if she played she’d skew the results.
“Because he’s afraid he’ll hurt you if he can’t hurt us. You can’t tell me that hasn’t already happened a bit. He handcuffed you didn’t he? You have marks in your wrist and you’ve been holding your shoulder funny this whole time. If I could deduce that I’m sure Sherlock could and more.” Mycroft sighs.
"Mm I went for a run this morning and picked up a few new things to play with.. Have a look.." He hums wanting him to look in the bag.
Sherlock thinks for a moment before nodding. “Alright.” He agrees, remembering how John told him before he needs to be more sociable.
“I trust you John, I will always trust you. I don’t... we never did fantasy sort of play when I was younger. It just wasn’t done. So I’m willing to try whatever you want to do.” Sherlock promises as he squeezes John softly.
He growls, tightening his grip on her hips as she comes without permission. He starts to pound into her, hips thrusting rapidly.
He hums. “Alright.” He goes out to the other two. “I’m going to get her a drink. She says you two are welcome to go in there.”
They picked up their cases and garment bags, heading down to book out. Juliette stood at parade rest, in the lobby, waiting for them.
“They’d be able to take over the Yard before they were out of nappies.” Sherlock smirks. “And I’m not the only smart one, John. You’re a doctor, a brilliant surgeon. A lifesaver. I may be smart but they’d have your kindness and compassion as well. Maybe just a bit of your temper.” He chuckles.
She whimpers and rocks back against him. “Want more babies, daddy. Want you to fill me up with your babies.” She whimpers.
Mycroft shrieks slightly as Greg picks him up, surprising himself. He blushes and hides his face in Greg's shoulder as he spins him.
“Sire,” Mycroft whispers. “If you are trying to get my and Crystal to work together, then allow me to return the favour. All I want is for you to be the happiest you possibly can be.” He explains softly.
‘Mm yeah. Two. A little one named Peter and a business man named Bruce. George stayed at the club with an old friend who’s going to be coming home with him.’
“Gorgeous little slut.” Cecil smirks. “We’ll make sure he’s not little for long.” Steve chuckles and kisses Sherlock softly.
Helea nods and smiles. “Then we must welcome him. Welcome him the same way we opened our arms to Sherlock.” She smiles. She swims over to them Tylol and Loral following.
John shivers with pleasure every time Sherlock says he loves him. He's waited for what seems like life times to finally hear him. "I love you.. I love your voice.. I missed it so much.. I hope you don't hate this surprise to much.." He smiles softly.
“It’s got good food. Nobody really knows about it since it’s little.” Same smiles and gets them a table.
She moans loudly as she's forced to arch, her legs trembling. "God, I love it so much! I love being used as a slut. Maybe I should be used in the whore house along with John. Just always need something filling my cunt. Anything."
"Good. I'm happy to hear that." Sky smiles. She bites her lip wondering if she should tell him about her ability.
Myropis smiles. “Go on then. Look I’ll leave if you tell me who got you pregnant. It’s very simple. Who got you bed bound?”
He slowly kisses down to his neck, licking and sucking on their bond bite. “I’ll come back to you. No matter what.”
"I've got you, love. I'm right here." John kisses Sherlock and continues stroking him. Greg whimpers into the kiss and grinds down into Mycroft's lap.
Collin blushes a bit embarrassed as he sees Mycroft notice the way he looks and looks anywhere but Mycroft. "We'd love to! Wouldn't we Collin?" Carol smiles. "Yes. Sounds brilliant." Collin smiles and his words sound a bit thick though it's hardly noticeable.
He pulls the blankets up around him, feeling colder than usual. He had been on a schedule, having a pint of blood each day just before dawn, as to not bring attention to it. But it is getting later and later and he can feel each passing moment without blood, and he’s getting weaker and weaker.
“Please, Daddy. Need it Daddy. I’m so empty. I need you to fill me, Daddy. Please. Need your babies, Daddy. Let me have your babies. I want to make you happy. Let me give you more babies, Daddy.” She babbles, dripping around his cock.
He blushes and smiles. "Mm, I should give Sky about two hours of prep before the fight. So I should leave before 6."
He pulls Sherlock down on top of him and captures his head with both his hands. Pulling them even closer, he kissed Sherlock deeply, using his lips and tongue to show Sherlock just how much he loves him.
He reaches down to tease her, groaning at how wet she already is. "Christ, you're fucking dripping."
"Yes..." John breathes. He ruts his cock against the bed, finding just enough friction to come. He cries out Sherlock's name, his muscles clenching around his Alpha and collapses against the bed
He whimpers as he watches him lick his hand clean. "I can't help it, sir.. You lot make me this way.."
Sherlock sighs and gets into the cab. "That doesn't matter right now. All that matters is that we get this man off of the streets." They take the cab to the address Greg sends them.
Sherlock’s blush spreads down his neck and chest. “John. You’re so good. So so good.” He writhes under him, his pants soaked with his leaking.
"Move your fingers for Daddy.." He pushes into him after Greg moves his fingers out of the way. "How do you want Daddy to fuck you?"
"I should have killed him. Did I really miss both shots? Jesus." John says and rubs his face with the hand that isn't holding Sherlock's.
Mycroft claws at his back as he's fucked roughly, just laying there and taking it. He cries out with each powerful thrust until he's coming hard again, his vision going white.
He blew out a huff of air on the word, "oh." His hands traveled over Sherlocks shoulders and down his arms till he let go of him. "That's nice."
Greg reaches down and catches some of the come on his fingers. He brings his hand up and sucks the come off his fingers as he moans loudly.
They are lead to a large sitting room. “Have some tea. Master will be in shortly.” The man nods and leaves them.
“We need backup.” He growls at Mycroft, angry he’s asking for help from Mycroft but he needed to keep his omega safe.
He gasps and whimpers softly, grinding back against his hands. "I.. I've always looked up to you and admired you and w-wanted you to have me.."
"I think part of me expected him to come after us," John admits, "but I don't think I wanted him to. I knew if he followed me that things would just escalate and that it wouldn't be good for anyone involved, least of all our daughter."
"You wouldn't fuck them up. We're working on the cancer already. But I understand not wanting to involve a child if it doesn't turn out for the best.." She frowns and sips her tea.
“Humans. Always blaming someone else. It’s not my fault that she’s hurt, she should have fought back. Someone should have stopped me. No, you should have stopped you. We are not going through with anything until you sort yourself out.” Camille states.
“Mm look how needy your poor little cock is.” Fitz chuckles, teasing his cock and letting him leak onto his boot. Turk pounds into Mycroft’s arse, hitting his prostate over and over making him leak more involuntarily.
'I can read minds, Daddy. When you saw Turk it brought James rushing back to your mind. I saw everything..'
He starts to get flustered. "N-No, I know you needed him." He frowns, feeling like he's being awful now because he's going to be taking John away from her even longer. He shakes his head, pulling back from her. "I'm sorry.." He mumbles before he leaves the room in a hurry.
Sherlock giggles. "Can we put the cookies into the oven so I can have my treat for being a good boy?"
John smiles. “Good. Though if my blood ever gets boring... does other blood taste differently?” He asks.
John can feel his burned skin under the bandages. He tries to focus on Mycroft's monitor. He can see the heartbeats rise and fall and his respiration rate but he can’t hear the beeps. The monitors always beep. John tries to listen harder. He can't hear the monitor beep, he can't hear Sherlock and Greg sleeping breaths from the couch, he can't hear the sheets move under his bandaged hand. His eyes widen when he finally realizes it. He can't hear anything.
"You're welcome." She signs and tosses the used bits in the bin. "We just need to wait here a few more hours to make sure you're doing alright and to keep the swelling down." She signs and sits in the chair by his bed.
"Good. Then I'm all yours. Whatever you want to do to me." Chloe moans, meeting him thrust for thrust.
As they wait for their coffee Greg sees Donovan in the cafe. "Donovan what are you doing here?" He asks. "Oh Greg! We were just going to pop by for a visit before heading into work." She says. "We?" Greg asks. "Anderson and I." She says. Greg can feel Sherlock roll his eyes without even looking at him.
"Yeah, no..." Tara wrinkles her nose then looks around to make sure her siblings aren't around. She looks up at her parents and blushes a bit. "I can talk to you both without you freaking out, right?"
"See that's where you and I are different, darling. I like to do it to myself. I like to see how badly I can hurt myself. How far I can push the line. I want to find my breaking point. I want to know where I snap. Where I finally go off the goddamn rails."
Sherlock clasped the man to him and buried his face in John's good shoulder, whimpering with the aftershocks of his release.
Mycroft holds him close as they dance. Carol's playing slows each time she has a contraction but never stops.
'Do you want to sit on my face? Soak me in your cum? Make me drip with it till I make you a Daddy? You know how greedy I can be with your cum. I can't get enough. You'll be writhing and squirting on my face for ages. I won't let you go until we're both satisfied.' She purrs, grinding against him.
"You mean he doesn't see Mycroft as a sexual being," his body shutters at the thought, "I don't want to picture that either. Gross....at any rate, you can still say you're going on holiday with your boyfriend and leave out the part that it's his brother."
"Mike it is." He smiles. "You'll have to forgive me though if I get it wrong. I'm terrible with names and faces. Much better at names and arses though." He laughs
"They called you to do a charity match, didn't they? That's why you were down here thinking." She hums and pets his head. "I could do the matches. You could be my coach. I know it wouldn't be the same but the charities would still get what they need.."
"John.." He smiles softly and kisses him back. "I love you.." He mumbles softly against his lips. It's the first time he's said he loves him, the first time John's been able to hear it.
“It’s rare. Very rare. Because the way omega’s are sold off to the highest bidder it’s very unlikely to be their true match. Those kinds of things have to develop naturally. Or so the story goes.” Mycroft shrugs.
“That’s right. My good boy.” John praises softly. “I’m so proud of you. You’ve done so well getting clean. I know it was hard but you’re so strong and you have me now. All you have to do is let me know what you need.” He says softly.
"They're not going to do anything. They have orders not to interfere. They've been following us this whole time." Sky hums.
She smirks and pulls her hand out gently, putting on the strap that also has a nice long dildo to fuck her as she thrusts into Violet. ‘Oh you’re going to love this. It’s so heavy.’ She moans and holds violets hips as she pushes into both of her holes.
John frowns as he sees Greg take his phone from his pocket and frown before putting it back. Greg refocuses on Sherlock and the bees. John sighs.
“I don’t know. We don’t know until they’re born. Until they exhibit abilities..” John runs his fingers through Sherlock’s hair.
She smiles. "I know the pain medication makes you feel a bit loopy, doesn't it? Have a little nap but I'll have to wake you up in a few hours to check on you. Alright?"
Nina brings over the stool. “Put your foot in the stirrup here and then swing your other leg over. Watch.” She gets onto the saddle, reaching her hand down to Danny. “Come on.” She grins.
“We’ll scatter most of her. But I do keep a little bit. I add a little the ashes of each of incarnations into large urns.” Pythia smiles and screws the jar shit tight.
“She’s John’s great great great great great Aunt. She died of a genetic abnormality. She comes and goes. She likes to play in the playroom with the other children. We have a few dozen ghosts here on the estate.” Margaret smiles softly.
“Mmhmm.” She smirks and kisses him hard, pushing down as he thrusts up and feeling him pop past her cervix.
Mycroft waits until he hears the water running before grabbing his coat and leaving the flat quietly. He no longer cares about his plans to stay hidden to Sherrinford, all he wants now is to be left alone.
“Happy birthday.” Crystal smiles as she kisses her. “We love you. I love you.” She says before feeding her.
“Such a needy slut.” He groans and picks up the phone, giving Mycroft a close up of him fucking Sherlock’s pussy.
Sky gasps and cries out in pleasure, feeling so stuffed full. "Yes yes yes. Fuck me. Yes." She babbles and moans like a slut, nearly drooling at the intense pleasure.
He pants, opening his eyes as he catches his breath. He blushes when he sees John and Pete at the bar. “Mikey..”
Sky blushes and nods. “I’ll change back. George will be more excited seeing me like that.” She blushes and changes. She waddles over to Eli, whining softly as her nipples graze the floor because her belly is hanging so heavily.
Leona nods, “I wanted a look around, with Diōnē of course.” She smiles, rubbing her stomach. “What are you about to do?” She asks.
“You want to go back to fighting yeah?” Sky smirks. She makes him stronger than before and faster. She makes him fitter and to anyone that didn’t know him he’d be intimidating. She wants anyone who’s willing to fight him to be intimidated, to know that they’re about to get their arse kicked. She drags her fingertips up his abs and over his chest. “Mm very nice.”
"What are you going to get ready?" Greg asks as he gives Sherlock his favorites cinnamon toast and honey tea.
“It’s happy you’re home. It doesn’t like having John and Sherlock alone. It’s excited to see who you’ve brought with you.” Pythia smiles, and hums in thought. “The excitement is almost childlike.”
She smirks and her hands roam his body. She runs his upper thighs, inner thighs, hips, stomach, and sides. 'So fucking handsome, Michael.' She moan his name in his head.
“I don’t like struggling. Every situation has an answer and can be resolved. If you’re going to be my omega that makes you more important than the Work.” Sherlock says and then blinks, never having thought anything would be more important than the work let alone an omega.
The baby fusses slightly, but settles into Irene's arms easily enough. So far, she was a very calm baby.
"Mm, men." John said with a smirk and was tempted to wave at the car Sherlock had nearly cut off. "Why? Know anyone I could call for a good time? You've never cared about my dating life so far."
“Myropis, I didn’t remember any of you. I couldn’t. All I knew is that my family was missing but I didn’t remember any names or faces. But you were all together in the darkness. I was completely alone in the light.” John looks at Myropis. “So do what you must to feel better.”
Violet puts her finger under Mel's chin, tipping her head up. "Have you ever been with anyone, dear?"
“Easy, baby.” Ms. Cheyenne soothes Sherlock and gives him her nipple to suckle when Sky takes hers away.
Leona’s body jolts with each thrust. She moans loudly as she reaches her climax, her back arching and her head thrown back.
"Yes. I just.. I just want to wait a bit to make sure everything is alright before we tell anyone. I think people usually wait a few weeks to make sure it takes before telling anyone. I just don't want to get anyone's hopes up if it doesn't take." She looks down and hides her face in his neck.
“Gorgeous. So handsome. Look at you. My silver fox. I love seeing you like this. Relaxed and open.” She purrs, feeling his cock leak against her thigh.
“We haven’t gone out for in a while. Thought something a little extra was appropriate.” John smiles and offers Sherlock his arm as they head to the door.
“His cock felt like a tic tac compared to yours.” She laughs and them moans as his cock rubs over her g spot.
John whines as Sherlock puts him down. He sits up and rubs his hand over his pants. “Come back. Please.” He whines.
“You could touch me if you’d like. Or we could find someone else.” Mycroft hums softly, arm around Sherlock.
"Oh, that's funny, because guess what? That Omega escaped. She's healing, despite your best efforts. If you think Omegas just curl up into a ball and stop existing when shit happens, then you need to open your eyes." John narrows his eyes at the phone and sees Mycroft give him a thumbs up from the corner of his eyes. "Have you heard from your dear old father recently? I hear the government doesn't treat Alphas kindly. Especially not rapists and murderers."
George wraps his hand around Greg’s cock, stroking him through his orgasm. “There you go. Good boy.”
“Is he going to be okay? Are they taking care of him? Can I see him?” She gets up so fast she makes herself dizzy.
She smiles softly and pulls the covers over so he can get into bed with her, her amputates leg bandaged.
'Mm, you were listening in, weren't you? Did you like hearing what Sherlock thought of my cock? How slutty he was?'
"Sherlock would have a heart attack if I did that. He's so sensitive to my emotions." John laughs a bit, then sits back up before he starts cuddling the stuffed animals while sitting between Mycroft and his mother.
'Soon we'll be able to do it without even being in the same room. If there's ever something you want to say to me but can't say it out loud or your not comfortable with saying it out loud you just have to say it in your head and I'll hear you.' She smiles.
"Home," John says, shouldering his bag and looking up at the flat and sniffing the air. "Mrs. Hudson is baking. Scones, I think... Did you tell her we were on our way home?"
"Hmmm..." The tech gently turned his hand over. "Archambeau? Wow." He smiles. "Won't need my tricks." He delicately slides a fingernail along the edge of the ring. A slight *click*, and a specially hidden hinge opened. Quickly the tech removed the ring and closed the hinge, placing the ring on the steel table. "Archambeau jewelry thinks of pretty neat ideas. I learned about that one from my aunt." He grinned. "Now, let's check for damage."
"Of course, darling." She smiles and hugs him back. "Now I need to go congratulate my new daughter." She smiles happily and goes to hug Chloe.
Mycroft actually laughs a bit. "You are flattering." He taps his cigarette against his fingers. "Surprisingly enough, it seems as though I've found someone who is willing to put up with me."
"I'm sorry for what you had to go through today. I can't imagine what it felt like. Mycroft has never been taken from me like that. But I've been taken from him." Greg shudders.
“You can leave that file on the chair for me. I want to read it all. No more leaving me out of the loop. He needs me. You both do.” John feels much better being fiercely protective. This is his comfort zone and it feels healing to be able to do it. He strokes at Sherlock’s hair mindlessly as he watches Mycroft leave. Once he feels Sherlock settle back to sleep, he detaches himself and comes to sit on the chair. He opens the file and reads as Sherlock sleeps, for a good two hours. All the horrific details of his capture, his torture, the unravelling of the network. It was all in there. Some photos to illustrate the stabs of anger and disgust in John’s gut that swirl around and make him feel sick.
“Then I’ll come back here and beg until you give me your babies as well.” Crystal giggles. “I’ve always wanted to see what it’s like to be pregnant.”
Benny and Jean get into position. Sky zaps Jean and Jake but gasps as Benny gets her. She would never have been shot but she heard their plan and wants to be fuck so she let them win but they don’t have to know that.
Jean grips his hips tight and bites at his neck. "I'm gonna to come. I'm gonna fill you up and watch my cum drip out of your perfect arse. Come for me again. You can do it. One more. Come." He growls and fucks him harder.
Sherlock laughs softly and wipes their tears. “Dinner?” He says in his rich voice then his lips curl up into a smirk.
Irene nods and instructs the man to go sit out in the waiting area. Irene closes the changing room door and locks it. “Where would you like to start?”
Greg moans and spreads his legs wide open. "Use me. I'm your come slut. I need your cock in my arse so fucking bad. Please!" He groans.
"I feel like I'm making it up as I go," John admits, leaning into his mother, both for comfort and for warmth. "I figure as long as they're still breathing at the end of the day, and haven't been right arseholes, we're doing something right. I'm not compelling them for every little thing, it just feels... dirty."
John breaks out into a fit of giggles at the reminder of the freezer truck. "Could be worse. We could be listening to that speech again."
"They're going to be adorable." She smiles softly and nuzzles him, finding it funny how they both just agree that they'll have more than one.
‘The natural history museum in the city. They have a a collection of pieces from people of my time.’ Camille hums.
I don't want to be here if I can't be with you tonight.." He sings softly and holds him trying to comfort him.
“Yours, Daddy.” She whimpers as Greg pulls out of her mouth. She moans loudly when he pushes into her cunt with George.
"It takes a lot of energy for her to project her thoughts and feelings onto other people. Energy that she doesn't have at the moment. She's shut everything down to protect herself and your children. She's brilliant. She'll be okay."
“The girls are down for their nap.” Zack smiles. “Thank you, love.” Chloe mumbles against John’s chest before peeling herself away from her.
“Alright. Let me see him.” John takes gently, he crosses his arms over his chest and holds him in his arms face down as he rubs his back. “I’ve got you. It’s okay. Everything’s just fine.” He says soothingly. Jared’s cries soon taper off into little sniffles.
John chuckles softly and smirks at Sherlock. "James on the other hand is a completely different story."
John bites his lip from giggles. “That tickles,” he breaths, before putting some bread in the toaster. He steps up to Leona and places a hand on her shoulder. “Hi, I just wanted to introduce myself. My name’s John, I’m a wizard, but I’ve not known for very long.” He explains.
John smirks because this is what he wanted. He wanted to be in control of Sherlock's body, to command his attention, to give him the pleasure he needs. John replaces his tongue with lubed fingers. He stretches him opening Sherlock for himself.
Mycroft nods. “You should get cleaned up. I’m sure they have more planned for you. If they can all get up and move.”
“I know, baby. You need it deep though. Need to be filled completely. Isn’t that right? Doesn’t feel like you’ve been properly fucked until a cock is hurried as deep inside you as possible.” Cecil smirks, teasing Sherlock’s cervix with his own cock.
“Mm I hope you like having my cock inside you because I have a feeling there’s going to be more of it the bigger you get.” Sherlock spreads John’s legs and presses the back until John’s knees are touching his own chest. He teasingly slides the head of his fat cock over John’s slit. “Made to take my cock.”
The baby stares up at her with the unfocused blue gaze of a newborn infant. She blinks and yawns widely, smacking her lips.
Violet gasps and moans as he licks at her nipple, they get hard automatically. “Soon, love. I think.” She whimpers and blushes. Sky’s nipples leak as she watches them. “I can speed it up. Develop the babies a little faster and she’ll start producing milk. She won’t go into labor. They’ll just get a growth boost. Her belly will start swelling as you drink from her.” Sky purrs as she watches Mycroft’s tongue lick Violet’s nipple.
"Oi, gents! Wait til you're at the club!" The Cabbie rolled his eyes. "I don't need no cleanin' bill on my cab."
John lay in his bed, slowly feeling a sense of dread building inside him. What was the bloody year? Wasn’t it 2011? Why did Sherlock seem shocked? But why am I wearing a ring? I don’t remember owning a ring… it looks like a… wedding ring… surely not! The doctor had seemed happy with his tests. He was fine. Fine. Why did he feel a sense of impending panic then?
“I knew you’d like it. Wanted to make you happy. Wanted to give you a nice tight little cunt to use. To profit from.”
John inches closer and closer till he's hovering over Sherlock on the couch. He's barely touching him.
John nods. “Faster is more painful, all the pain that you would feel in the nine months is concentrated into the four, but I’ll always be here to help you, I can take some of the pain, as well. Do you know how many children you’ll be baring?” He asks.
"Good boy. Oh fuck yes. Just like that. Fuck my pussy. Good boy. So fucking perfect." She moans loudly and arches, breasts bouncing in front of his face as she rides him.
"Oh god how long are you going to hold that knighthood over my head? I could have but I didn't want it so there." He rolls his eyes but smiles.
"That would be great, yeah." He smiles at Sherlock as they begin walking down the road. They've made it about a block before John takes Sherlocks hand and pulls him along to a nearby alley. Out of sight from anyone who might be watching, he swings Sherlock around and presses him back up against the brick building. He pins him there with his body, lips crashing against the other man's mouth.
Give a little more." He sings and smirks, holding his hips and kissing him before he sings the next.
“Good. That’ll be good.” Dominic smiles softly. “I haven’t really seen anything from our boy yet but I was a late bloomer.” He shrugs.
Dominic nods. “It helps if she’s busy as well. That’s why she took up teaching. Just let her shadow you when she wants, let her do something even if it’s just picking up empty buckets of food.” He explains softly. “Leona won’t ask for the help even when she needs it most.”
She moans desperately, on the edge of coming again. She whimpers as she feels something like against her arse.
We have a bunch of Generals coming this next week. They're going to watch as "Olaf" and I put the crew through the wringer. Everyone is a bit nervous, but I think they'll do fine. I hope so, at least. Cross your fingers for me.
"Mm how about I suck you off right here in the shower. Then I'll give you the remote to a vibrator I'll wear to the orchestra."
She kisses him hard and strips him. She stands and strips herself, popping each button of her shirt open slowly and letting it slide to the floor with her skirt revealing that's she's naked underneath. "This pussy?" She smirks and teases her clit, cunt soaking wet for him already.
"My mate is a scientist, so don't touch anything weird. Chairs are safe, as is the mantle. But... can't promise that the sofa isn't covered in come."
John smiles and plays with Sherlock’s hair. “How was that? Did you like it? Would you prefer me to do anything different next time?” He asks.
Greg whimpers and kisses him till he's breathless. "Y-you raise me up to more than I can be.." Greg's singing fades as Sherlock's violin comes to a slow end.
Sherlock groans. "Should I bring the rope or the handcuffs?" He teases. " Perhaps the riding crop..." he strokes faster. "Besides, If security gets called, I wouldn't want to deny Doctor McCallum a show, if she liked my video *that* much." He snickers into the sheet.
"I..." John scrubs a hand over his face and stares at the tabletop. "Yes and no? Is anyone truly ready for a human to need them with such intensity?" He chews his bottom lip then looks up at Sherlock. "Are you?"
“I.. I want my village to be fixed. I don’t want them to have to sacrifice innocent people anymore. I want these to be the last children they get from John.” Sherlock says softly.
Mycroft had been at a conference in Las Vegas when the sickness hit, he’d hidden in a large hotel with several other dignitaries and guests. The man who built and owned the hotel had conveniently been a doomsday prepper, and fortified the building with all kinds of technology to keep those inside safe.
“I’ve got you. It’s okay.” She helps him sit in a chair in the bathroom till Turk gets back to carry him to bed, sighing as he belly keeps getting in the way.
John groans and cries out loudly as he comes without warning, his come splattering Sherlock’s abdomen.
"Such a perfect slut for me. So fucking gorgeous." He kisses him hard as he pushes his cock into his arse. "My slut. Mine. You're arse is mine. It's going to be full of my cum from now you. Filling you. Leaking out of you. Everyone will know your my dirty little whore. They'll know that you let me use you. That you crave me to use you." He thrusts into him hard and fast, getting lost in him. "Mm I don't think I'll ever let you up again. I'll just keep you in bed all the time. My cumdump. Just to fill you with cum. Over and over. I'll fuck you everywhere. In cars, on planes, trains. In bed, against the wall, in loos, over anything I can bend you over." He growls and bites at his neck as he fucks him.
“Morna.” She smiles and moves where he wants her, her supple breasts nearly spilling over the top of her corset.
‘Fuck my throat, Daddy. Fuck it nice and hard. I don’t want to be able to talk for days. Fucking ruin me.’ She begs in his head, taking everything he gives her as body continues to jerk trying to make her throw up.
John curls his free hand around his mug and stares at a spot in the center of the table. "Can't imagine it's common, nowadays... Are there any others like us?"
Sherlock bites his lip, flinching as he hears the door slam. "It would've been easier if she explained herself.."
"You boys can go look around or walk with us. If you find David tell him to come find me. You know where my tent is so you can hang out in there." Sky smiles.
“Good little breeding cow.” Myropis smiles. “Though you’re not that little are you?” He asks smacking her belly and watching it wobble.
“Are you certain you want your pregnancy to last four and a half months rather than nine?” John asks, as he adds another finger and starts to stretch Sherlock’s hole.
"Yes. My men found a report of seeing strange activity at a local bank. The description was clear enough that we've identified him as Sherrinford."
Sherlock nods. “Would it be inappropriate if I laid down with my head propped up to eat?” He asks softly, looking around the room.
As she rode Mycroft, and leaned against the hard as nails Omega, who like her brother had hidden herself to succeed in this world, everything seemed to slot into place.
“Good.” Pythia smiles. “I do feel like I should warn you though. One of the rituals for tomorrow involves Margaret being passed around and filled by each male member of the coven, including you and John after your made later of the coven.”
John's eyes flash up and he reaches for his dad's phone. Hank hands it over. John stares at the text for a long moment, then gives it back to his dad.
"Not sure," John gives a half shrug and shakes his head. "Emotional abuse, perhaps? Mum didn't take us to see her parents often. She has an Alpha sister whom I've never met. I've just seen pictures of her and her family."
The movie plays, John relaxes more and more, glad to have found a happy medium for him and Sherlock.
Sky bites her lip and thinks. She brings Mycroft out of his dream and into Greg, knowing Greg would see him. “Gregory? What’s going on?” Mycroft frowns as he looks around, not understanding and not know Greg’s mother is dead.
"Christ, Collin.. You look so fucking beautiful riding me.. So perfect.. God, I want this arse to be mine.. You'd make such a good little slut, you already sound like one."
He eases a plug into him and rubs his back gently. "I think you came like six times." He mumbles against his lips.
“It is my fault.” She frowns. “Someone was trying to stop the mission. Mycroft was hit on purpose.” She looks at Mycroft, knowing Greg would be furious with her.
*She always thinks that. Even if I’m acting strangely she thinks I’m high. When people worry about me it makes them hyper sensitive to things. That is a good guess though on her part. You’d leave me if I used.-SH*
“Good boy.” Sam praises. “You said he was hot but you didn’t say he was smoking.” One of the men smirks and nudges Collin’s plug.
All the vampires time a step back and start to cough as the dust is released. Mycroft puts on a mask and hands one to Sherlock, whilst the other lackies out their own on. “Not so bad.” Mycroft mutters. “No it’s just released a small amount of silver into the air.”
“Whatever you two need don’t hesitate to tell him. He’ll make sure you get it. I told him if he doesn’t I’d kick his arse.” Sherlock chuckles. “And besides I’m the only one who gets to eat you.”
Sky moans loudly, feeling him push past her cervix and then back out to tease her. “Ruined. Want to be ruined. So full.”
"Thank you." They smile. "Trina is a writer so she travels with me." Douglas sips his drink. "Anna is a physiotherapist." Calvin smiles.
Answering the call before it rings out he holds both phones to his ear as he jogs down the steps. He finds his mum sitting in the living room cradling a mug of tea.
“Hopefully. I.. I just hope they’ll work on me. I’ve tried to get massages before for my back pain but they’d turn me away. I haven’t tried since the reconstructive surgery.” Sherlock shrugs.
He blushes and leads them up to an empty, sectioned off exhibit. He pulls out his keys, unlocking the door and opening it for them.
She shakes her head, confirming his initial suspicion. “Did you fall?” He asked, wondering if she’d been pushed into a puddle of blood. She nods once, but then amends it, shaking her head. Confused, possibly concussed.
Marianne clapped his shoulder. "Mate, your other half is either jealous or bored and needs you." She laughs into her pint. "Blimey, that was a sizable appendage he was riding..."
"I love you so much. So make me feel so good, so good about myself. You're brilliant. I love you." He rambles, closing his eyes.
"You're going to be brilliant. I know it. Sky knows it. Jean knows it. Jake knows it. We know you're going to be brilliant and that we'll all work together to make it work." He nuzzles him softly. "Have you decided who's sperm you want to use?"
“John doesn’t like it because he’s seen controlling relationships. That’s my fault. His father was very controlling of me. Because of it he hurt me and that hurt John and harry. He sees controlling relationships as damaging and painful. He’s never been one to fall in line blindly without making the decision with full knowledge and consent.”
John smirks, leaning in to pull the plug out, quickly replacing it with his cock. "Mm.. You always this horny? How do they keep up?"
“I think he’s a nicely trained slut. I’m sure he can take whatever we give him.” He smirks. Sherlock whimpers and arches.
"I do. I lick all your cum off my door as I fuck myself with my fingers imagining it's your cock pumping in and out of my needy pussy. I lick up every drop of cum all along the door. I make myself come so hard doing that I have to lick my own cum off the floor after." Carol moans breathily.
Sherlock glances at John, smirking a bit. He nudges John slightly, silently asking him to start the conversation with Greg
Mycroft whimpers and moans as Rachel fills him, still rocking between them to try to get Eli’s cum as well.
“Want to be a good public slut. Want to be fucked outside, in a bar, in the street, anywhere.” He whimpers and babbles, not even hearing himself.
"Jesus, Harry!" He says, trying to reach the weapon to take it away from her before she gets hurt. "Anthea, you don't just give these out!" He growls, but his hand is slapped away and his growl is met with one of Harry's.
She gasps and arches. "Yes give it to me, Daddy." She whines. "I think I can get Michael to get me pregnant as well."
Sherlock nods and gets them both a few tissues, more for himself since he was a mess. He follows John out once his tears and nose are wiped.
Violet moans as Francis pulls out of her and pushes into George. She kisses George deeply and sinks down onto his cock as Steve and Francis fuck him.
“Because I’m the reason Lucifer fell. I am the reason God sent him to hell. I am the stain on humanity God cursed. There’s a reason you hate vampires. It’s because it’s in your blood. It’s because Lucifer hates me.” Camille sighs.
“I did know. She told them to let it stay. They tried to take it off but she wouldn’t let them. She should have let them.” Greg frowns, shaking a bit.
“I do.” Morna blushes and nods to Udos. “Almost.” She giggles and kisses Sherlock, rubbing his belly gently. “You’re okay if John puts babies in me as well? So we can be big together?”
Sherlock looked so worried and John was watching him but he was so confused now. He felt like he was missing something. Something big.
‘I can barely move as it is like this. You just want me immobile so you can sit your cocks in me whenever you want.’ She whimpers, feeling them leaking buckets into her.
"I always feel so guilty when I do that." John sighs, but he can't argue that it works like a charm.
“We all can understand you humans but have never been able to communicate effectively. Until now, I suppose.”
"I agree. It's partly why I became a doctor. I just found I had a talent for surgery. I knew a trustworthy doctor working on Omegas who can't fend for themselves was needed." John takes the socks still clutched in her hands and places them back in the back before taking both of his mother's hands and squeezing them. "Really think about it. You've got the support now. It might help, having something to focus on."
Leona thinks for a moment. “Do you want me to be here? Will my presence give you strength or will I just be in the way?” She asks.
'Mm you tell her. She loves your voice. It makes her so wet.' Sky smirks, leaning in to suck on Veronica's nipples. Veronica moans loudly, hips rocking needs.
"Should be two more in there somewhere. I swear if there's a fourth Sherlock is probably safer where he is."
"Mm I bet your still leaking their cum, aren't you?" She purrs, hand trailing up between Lydia's thighs.
She nods and changes back before walking off after giving them both a lick. She walks down he hall looking for someone else.
He whimpers and moans, wanting to touch his cock but also wanting to come just from what Sky was doing, wanting to be a good boy.
She looks back at him over her shoulder and smirks. “See something you like?” She sways her hips, making her leggings pull tighter over her arse and the plug.
Violet smirks and pushes it further down Sky’s throat. Sky arches and gags, not moving her head since the cucumber fills her throat to much ro love. Her body jerks harder and harder the further down it goes. Sky continues to fist Violet, rubbing her g spot continuously.
He moans breathily and arches, shoving his arse back onto his cock. "Yours. I'm all yours. Use me." He whimpers, starting to notice people noticing them.
‘It’ll be alright.’ She nuzzles him. ‘I can find you a job. Anywhere you want.’ Sky hums as she licks Blaze.
John frowns but doesn’t move. “I’m sure coming into someone else’s compartment isn’t only rude but illegal.” He hums, looking at the man and his tattoos.
“Good.” Sam kisses his head and cuddles him, smiling softly. Sky is on her knees, pushing her tits together as Eli fucks them.
“I..” Sherlock takes a minute to think. “I thought that if I ever did get the chance to see her again I would be completely prepared. I would be the best I could possibly be for her and I would show you that I deserved to have her in my life again. I’d prove it to you any way I had to.” He takes a deep breath.
“I’ll be fine. I’ll get him back.” Mycroft gives John what he hopes is a reassuring smile before heading out.
He moans as he’s covered with cum, whimpering as it’s not enough to get him off. He blushes brightly, biting his lip. “Daddy, I have a request..”
Lydia shakes her head. “This is where they have to come. This is safe place for everyone. Whenever anyone is in troubles they can come here and be safer and be taken cared of. It’s okay.”
“This little rectangle up here that says search. You tap on it and then type in what you want and then click the search button. It’ll bring you to a page of the thing you want to know.” Sherlock clicks and types in major events of the past 200 years.
He blushes and turns around against the pillar, now facing it and pressing his arse back against John.
Molly smiles. "See you later." She murmurs, hanging up the phone. "I don't know who else to call." She mumbles, softly.
Mycroft growls and pushes into Violet's cunt, starting to thrust into her. "I want you two to keep swapping my cum from each other's mouths and then let Daddy kiss you and give Daddy his cum back." He groans, thrusting harder. "Mm, Mummy, actually, keep some of my cum that you're getting now in your mouth and wait for Sky to get her own out of your cunt."
John blushes slightly. "Because.. because I love you and being with you and seeing you and touching every day is just so mind blowing that I couldn't imagine not being able to do it. Because eternity doesn't seem like a long enough time to be with you. I'll always crave more time with you."
John flipped the safety back on when he heard Rosie's voice. The sight of his daughter alive nearly cripples him but he manages to stay on his feet long enough to sweep her into his arms. "It's okay," he says into her hair as he holds her close. "You're safe now."
Molly shook her head. "I'm okay..." She murmurs. "I want her to have the last name of the person who loves her in a paternal sense." She looks up at Anthea. "And I'd like to share that last name..." She adds, quietly.
John takes out his things as well. “I have a condition.” He says as he seals the back. “I want to write a letter to my sister. If things go belly up I want you to send it to her. I won’t say anything about the mission or anything like that. I’ll just tell her we went out of the country in a case.” He says to Mycroft. “I need your word that you’ll give it to her if I don’t come back.”
He whimpers softly and leans forward, pressing his head into Greg's shoulder. "Yes, Detective.. You may.. I give you permission.."
"I'm going to make you come from my tongue and then I'm going to fuck you into the mattress." She rocks his hips as she fucks him with her tongue getting it deep and faster.
"I've been trying to get into your pants since the day you decided you were open for business," John teases back, "I mean, come on, I have a reputation to uphold."
She bobs her head around him, massaging her tongue to the underside of his cock. She gasps and mewls softly as Greg lifts her back end by here hips. “Do you want her arse or cunt? We’re all going to pump her cunt full anyways so dealers choice.” Greg smirks at John.
Sherlock picks up on Greg's stuttering and stiffens a bit. He looks away from his experiment to look at Greg, his expression breaking with slight worry.
The other man pulls out of her mouth and cums over her face after taking the condom off. A new man pulls Sky into his lap and she starts riding him as another starts to stretch her arse. She looks at Turk and moans loudly, licking her cum covered lips as she looks at his big hard cock between his legs.
Greg gets up and walks into the sitting room quietly. He leans against the wall and watches Mycroft pace.
“Don’t have to tell me twice.” He tugs at her lip as he pulls back, moving a bit and pushing into her.
Michael whimpers at the emptiness before moaning as Jake pushing into him so slowly, thankful the music drowns out his moans.
“Mm?” Irene looks behind them at the man. “Oh don’t worry about him. Harmless foreign banker.” She smiles.
Greg goes to John and Mycroft's room. "Hey. Get up. Sky is back. Go deal with that. I'm going to be with Sherlock."
Everything chopped and put together in a pot with the sauce, there wasn't anything left to do but occasionally stir the mixture and wait.
John smiles. “Thank you. I guess I’ve never had the opportunity to be weak with someone before.” He leads Sherlock up to the top of the tallest towers and points at the largest, densest forest. “That’s where we need to go.”
“I just wanted to keep you with me. I thought if I changed then you would come. That you’d stay this time..” Sherlock shifts, uncomfortable again.
Sherlock smirks as his cock teases her cervix with each thrust. “Feel how close I am to coming? To filling up your empty womb?”
“You don’t get to make demands, omega. You just get to lay there and feel.” Sherlock chuckles but he adds a second finger.
Greg burst out laughing. "Thank god! He's awful isn't he? Christ some days he makes my skin crawl. It's to bad he's a fucking cheater. His wife is actually a sweet heart." He sighs.
Sherlock smiles and kisses her cheek. “Shall we get dressed and get going?” He asks, nudging his belly against hers.
“He says he’s got two bodies. They don’t appear to be connected except that they both wrote their names with their own blood.”
“I like hearing all your thoughts. Even the cranky ones.” Sherlock hums. “I’m fine. How were the scans?”
"I might have a headache soon, but I want to watch you glare at Teddy for a bit." Tara declares with a wink.
John smiles. "I think Greg has a present for you." John looks at the large black box sitting on the coffee table. Greg smirks because he can't wait to see the look on Sherlock's face when he opens the box and sees all the sex toys.
John has no idea what she is talking about beyond the names and he's more than a little uncomfortable with Gina touching his arm. "I'm going to go check on the girls." He says, pulling away from her and heading towards his daughter.
“You can ask questions and you can talk to him. I’d just have to give him permission to talk back.” Irene hums as she looks over some trousers.
"God, yes." She pulls him close and kisses him deeply. "I want to imagine yourself nice and slick and open for me. Can you do that?" She mumbles against his lips as she nips at them.
Their eyes meet for a fraction of a second, then Sherlock is wrapping his arms around John so tight that for a solid ten seconds John isn't able to draw breath. "Go," he croaks, pushing at his Alpha's chest.
"I know it's not his fault. Its not your fault either. I could have reminded you or called you. I didn't." She shrugs.
“Both I suppose? My mind palace helps me recall things easier but being a vampire I have more to recall.” Sherlock nuzzles him.
He takes her hand, diverting the flow of information from her to him. "Need you to relax for me, love. Just focus on that."
John gasps and presses into her. “Children will be coming soon, Maggie. You don’t want to scar them.” He mumbles into her lips.
“You’re probably not going to remember any of this.” John says softly and kicks off his shoes. He gets into the bed and pulls Sherlock close.
"Rosie's mum passed away when she was a baby. I was having a pretty hard time dealing with it, so Sherlock stepped in to help raise Rosie."
“Mm you like it when I’m pregnant because I can barely go a minute without you inside me.” Leona giggles.
"Well maybe you should change tactics." Mrs. Hudson suggests, "maybe you just need to remind him why he fell for you in the first place. Figure out what that is and try to recreate it."
Anthea shakes her head and wipes her eyes. “Just promise me this golden child is going to have a dad, that you’re not going to lump all the work on Magdala and Crystal.” She rolls her eyes, trying to calm down. “I know you don’t care for me. You’ve not even introduced me to Crystal or Magdala, you didn’t introduce me to Diōnē or whatever her sister is called. I don’t even know if John and Greg know who I am to you. Not let this new child end up like that.” With that Anthea stepped out of the room, and slammed the door, making it wobble on its hinges, and starts sobbing as she goes to her room.
Camille sighs softly. “Mycroft is your Sire. One of my first born.” She says, sounding as if she’s smiling a bit. “He was always my most loyal. My strongest child.” She hums.
“Yeah, I mean, you’re still you. You were before I knew and you are now. It doesn’t change anything.” He smiles softly.
"Mm she thinks it's dangerous. Not for her but for other people. She thinks she puts them in danger even if they enter her life if the own free will and shoes to stay."
“Wanted to talk to me about something, Daddy?” Sky crawls into bed next to Mycroft, her breasts hanging heavy and full.
She moans and gags on his cock as he hits her gag reflex. ‘You’re hitting my reflex on purpose aren’t you?’ She whines, knowing he likes to watch her body jerk.
"Collin is a cuddlier so he'll stay in bed all day and snuggle if you let him." Carol smiles. "To much information." Amelia hums as she gets up and goes to the sitting room.
"Look at them. Using you. Fucking you. Being fucked by you. And you don't have to do a thing." Collin pulls at his ear with his teeth as he punches his nipples.
He smiles softly against his lips. He kisses his chin, cheeks, forehead, and nose gently. "I love you so much."
"What happened? If he hurt you I'll kill him." Greg pulls Mycroft close, taking him away from Jason, glaring at Jason.
“It’s going to take a while to prep you. You saw how big I am.” Sam squeezes his arse. “Would he suckle from me?” Carol purrs. “Oh I bet he would.” Sky smiles.
"Mrs. Hudson is a genius." Anthea smiles. "Oh I don't deserve such high praise, dear, but thank you." Mrs. Hudson smiles.
Mycroft nods, kissing her head. “Let’s get you somewhere private, yeah?” He helps her stand and leads her out with the others in tow.
“Can Daddy fuck you harder, baby? Daddy just wants to make you feel good. So good. You make Daddy feel good, baby boy..”
Something has been bothering John but until now he hadn't been able to put a finger on it. But with the timeline completely he can see it now.
This chapter is unbeaten as well!!! I failed to get the chapter to the beta in time. The weekend just flew by and I didn't do half of what I had planned. Sorry for any mistakes, please just ignore them.
"I don't think he listened as well as you believe he did. He didn't get in direct contact but I knew he was having me followed and there was one time he tried to engage. He pulled up in the usual black car, rolled down the window and before he could get anything out I told him to piss off." John chuckles, "I think he got the hint after that." He bumps Sherlocks shoulder with his own in an attempt to cheer him up, "come on, we're wasting valuable walking time."
“You know I’m yours, Myropis. Do whatever you please.” Kia kisses on his neck and presses her thin body to his.
“I tried a few times to get close to people in my youth. Apparently I was a poor judge of character back then or maybe I just wanted anyone to like me. It never turned out well so I stopped trying.” Sherlock nods. “Alright.”
"We'll do better. We'll make sure someone is always with you when you want to be in your mind palace so you can be safe. I won't let this happen again. Ever."
Sherlock hums, and puts the plate on Morna’s belly, before starting to feed her slowly. “I like this.” He whispers.
Sherlock sighs sadly, “I’m sorry Sire. Why don’t you tell Mycroft? He’s wanting so badly to make you happy and get you back together with him.” He says softly.
“You means beans? Baked beans on toast?” John asks. “Tomato-y, I guess. But it’s mainly for the texture you have them. You taste the toast more.” He smiles.
"I'm a genius...I've been tested all my life...I have multiple degrees...I get bored easy...that's what the drugs are for." Sherlock shivers.
Pythia nods. “That is a good question. See no matter what happens to Diōnē or me we always come back. We’ve been killed a thousands of times in millions of different ways. So if we reveal ourselves and it turns out bad we come right back for another round. We usually only reveal ourselves to humans we can trust. If we can’t one of us gets knocked up and promises the others soul to that baby we’re carrying. However this time I’m infertile so we need you.” She smiles. “We love humans. We’re part human. We do whatever we can for humans but there is a limit. We don’t let ourselves change the course of human history. So we do smaller things. Charity and such. But humans are so.. So wild and free and gorgeous.” She smiles up at her. “We can’t stand not being part of you. Of your world. Of your lives.”
“I found you online while searching for help for my.. Desires.” Sherlock says tamely. “What do you do exactly?”
“It’s not pandering. As you said you just pushed a brand new human out of you. If anything you should be adorned in silk and waited in hand and foot.” Anthea hums, ordering a new bed to be brought in. “I’m sure you can have some pain killers as well. The nurse said the hardest thing for you to remember right now is when you move keep your legs together. Don’t open them or else you can hurt yourself.”
John smiles, kissing him back. "Pretty well." He murmurs. "Mmm... c'mere..." He tugs Sherlock to him.
“Is that true? Are you a good little slut?” Dave smirks, digging his nails into Sherlock’s arse a bit.
Anthea shakes her head, “there really isn’t. The person whose helped me the most is Camille.” She shrugs. “Anyway, he spent more time with your kids than me.”
“I..” Sherlock sighs. “I don’t have enough data yet to make a fully formed opinion. I’m not sure if these attacks were directed against you or because you treated someone and they told you something that makes you liable. That is also part of the reason why we’re going to a resort that is private and highly secured. Usually only government officials and those in the entertainment industry know of this place. We have to wait for more data.” He says softly. Mycroft had offered Sherlock to investigate but he chose John over the case.
"Good boy. Mycroft, you're first." Collin smirks and Mycroft kisses Sherlock's deeply, pinning him to the bed.
"The seven most powerful people on the planet. Remember a while ago when I said that I wanted to rule the world? It's not a want. I do rule it. I have for a few years now." She pours herself a drink.
He wants to reach over and place his hand on John’s knee, he must be so scared, that Sherlock just wants to give him some form of comfort. But he can’t let on, just how smitten he is with the Doctor. It won’t do either of them any good.
Sherlock's hands shake a bit. "We've just got something that we need to tell you.. We weren't sure how you would take it, so that's why we've been waiting for so long.."
John smirks and rams into Morna without delay, fucking her fast and ruthlessly. Just how she likes it.
“Oh.” Sherlock nods, hesitating. “ Then, I suppose my idea of offering to bring Pete to the club wouldn’t be good?”
Mycroft stiffens and pulls away when Sherlock clears his throat. "Right. Sorry.." He looks down at him with a hidden worried expression.
“She has the emotional range of a non Newtonian fluid except when it comes to maths.” Sherlock snorts.
'Yes yes!' She moans and opens her mouth wide as she looks up at him, pretty pink tongue sticking out and waiting for his cock.
"*How* are you not raging right now?! That man tried to rape your brother!" John growled. "And has set him back however many years in therapy."
He puts Michael on his hands and knees, spreading his arse cheeks. "Let's see if you tastes just as good as you look, shall we?"
“Fine then. Just you and me forever. Us till the end of time and space, okay?” John kisses his head and gives him a watery smile.
She moans and arches, taking everything and her nipple gushes into Sherlock’s mouth with each thrust.
Diōnē smiles, “do you remember when you married... oh what was his name, and you accidentally became his Queen of England?” She chuckles.
Cecil smirks and snaps his hips, pushing past Sherlock’s cervix and into his womb. Steve and Cecil thrust hard and fast, stretching Sherlock’s poor tight cervix.
"Yeah that's it. Such a good boy." Collin praises knowing Sherlock loves it and let's him fuck his fist.
John chuckles, pulling away just enough to press his forehead to Sherlock's. "Berk." He murmured, affectionately.
"That's all I know, aside from toys, I haven't had anyone inside me. Ever. Beta's don't care who's doing the work, as long as everyone has an orgasm. I've had sex, but only with Beta's, and mostly women. I guess.. what I'm trying to say in a very roundabout way, Sherlock." John sighs and lifts his head up, locking his gaze with Sherlock's. "I want to try it all. With you."
Sherlock whimpers and goes over to lick up Greg's mess. "Oh m-my god.." Greg mewls as he watches Sherlock lick his cum off the floor.
Jeans holds him and rubs his back. "I'm sorry. If I knew what Lucas was doing I would have stopped him."
"I love it when you beg.. So desperate.. It's beautiful.. I have the best slut in the world..." He pushes him down on the couch. "Take your pants off, bitch."
Sherlock smiles and watches John and Lydia interact. Mycroft smiles weakly. "Still not myself, but I'm getting there."
“I suppose it could," Sherlock says with a  sigh. We can have a full blood panel worked up on both of us when we get back and compare it before we bonded.” He hums. “In a letter.. hold on.” He looks through the papers.
“He literally brought a strange new man to a crime scene today so I don’t think he has much room to talk about what we do after we’ve known each other for years.” Greg laughs.
Sherlock pushes himself out of his chair and follows him to the kitchen, wrapping his arms around John's waist.
“I’ll pass on your compliment, ma’am.” Sherlock says as he nods formally to her. “Yes, now that Camille is... back, are we still on lock down, or are we allowed to leave The Diogenes? Just for dinner.” He asks softly.
He nods and rubs his hand softly. "I'm trying to work on the scarring in Sky's uterus. It's very very slow going. The pain should ease up." He says softly. "Less scaring also means she may have a chance to conceive.."
“I don’t mean to be so forward but I can’t help myself when I see someone so breathtaking.” He smiles.
He shrugs. "I guess it's different." He finishes his beer and opens another before going outside to smoke.
“Well you stayed on Greg’s couch for a day and then you had work and then on the third day I went to get you from Greg’s because you belonged home with me.” Sherlock nods, decisively.
Sherlock rolls the ring around his finger. “Yes, he’s mine.” He says softly. “Did you say there was more to the ritual than Camille’s ashes and the ritual itself?” He asks, “we only have one chance at it, please, if John doesn’t manage it, I’m sure we will both be killed.”
"Is there a date for the wedding yet?" Carol asks as she sips her tea and leans against her husband.
"I swear to god if you don't fuck me soon I'll get myself off and make you watch." He threatens trying to make Greg more dominant.
"Well she's a twat..." Sherlock pulls John close. "I see a man who has lived and served...a man who hasn't let the war beat him. You are a good man, your scars...we all have scars." Sherlock unconsciously covered his tack marks. "It's okay."
"Sherlock..." John whines, pushing up against Sherlock's thrusts. "Fuck..." John curls his arms around Sherlocks back and snakes one hand into the curls at the nape of Sherlock's neck. He pulls hard, arching Sherlock's neck and sinks his teeth back into Sherlock's scent gland.
He moans loudly as Greg continues to fuck him hard, now with the dildo as well. “Oh god, Greg. Feels so fucking good.”
“Har Har. Just wait till your three get here.” Sherlock snorts, having overheard the conversation. He scoops Tim up and sits him between Harry and Anthea when he begins to pout over his sibling getting attention without him.
He smiles softly. ‘Yes, I can. I figured you two were like Sky, Dark and his brother. I don’t think your brother likes me very much though.’ He muses.
Security looked at the badge, looked at the man, then back at Lestrade. "We shall take information." He ordered.
As soon as Anthea knows they have left, she goes to Mycroft’s side. “Dad, are you okay?” She whispers.
Riley gasps, her cunt throbbing. “Do it. Fuck me like you fuck him. Ruin me. Wreck my cunt. Please please!”
Sherlock whimpers softly and kisses his shoulder. "I don't care if everything goes 'round the sun. My world revolves around you."
He frowns and immediately releases her hands, realizing what happened. "Sky. Sky, come back to me.."
John leads Sherlock into their bedroom and lays down on the bed. “I want to fuck you today.” He says softly.
John stands a moment longer, staring at the door as if he can will it to open with thought alone. Part of him wants to force the door open, to demand answers, to look more closely at Sherlock’s back. Did he really see what he thought he saw? Surely Sherlock would have mentioned it? How has this not come up before now? They’ve been living under the same roof for six months now.
He smiles and nods, having the scene change to a bedroom. “Better?” He nuzzles him, seated in the edge of the bed with Brent still in his lap.
“Mm, I’ll make coffee.” Sherlock nods and lets John go before getting up, shuffling out to the kitchen. “Do you not remember last night?” He asks, filling the coffee filter with a few scoops of coffee.
"Two peas in a pod."  John laughs. John looks down at his jumper. Sherlock's dried blood stains the oatmeal color.
Mycroft gets himself together, immediately going to Sky's room and hearing the shower. He doesn't hesitate to go into the bathroom, wanting to make things right.
“That and I just don’t want everyone to see me as part devil. I am human.” Greg explains. “I’ll always be human.”
"I've got you. I won't let them touch you. You're safe. I promise." She runs her fingers through his hair.
Sky holds Sherlock close, the pressure in her breast starting to ease as he suckles. “Oh?” She raises a brow. “How So?”
“My set of beads were shattered in Afghanistan when I was shot. I’m praying to the stations because it’s a family tradition. My mother used to and it’s the anniversary week of her death. I’m going to different churches she loved and praying there.” John stands his ground, he know he’s done nothing wrong and there’s no reason the priest should suspect him of anything. People have odd family traditions when it comes to religion all the time. He knows if the priest presses more then it’s because he knows the significance of pray in front of the stations as well.
“Good. You keep on keepin on, Joe. You know you’re my eyes and ears out here.” Sally smiles softly and hands him whatever loose money she has in her coat pocket. “Yes, ma’am. Working hard for you, ma’am. Good bless.” Joe grins and walks off with his cart. Sally watches him disappear down the street before continuing on.
"They're all the medical research ever done on me. They'll keep you busy. Oh and there's an autopsy or two in there as well. With pictures." She manages a half smile.
She moans as she feels his cum hit her face, covering her fully. She licks around her lips and opens her eyes to look up at him. "Take a picture of me. I'll send it to Collin."
He bites his lip and nods. "I know.. Statistically, this is a safe surgery. I'm just.. Nervous.." He signs.
John follows after him, squeezing Sherlocks hand before they take a seat on the couch. He scoots closer to the other man and gives him a small smile.
She shakes her head. "Sherlock and Collin are with Mycroft. John is in the hall waiting for us to come out. He feels guilty because he thinks he made you miss the appointment."
“How did he ruin her life, before the curse? She was the one that broke his heart.” Sherlock says as he pulls the sun hat off his head.
“Your energy can still feel pain. It can carry the scars of your death.” Mycroft states. “Do you know of the ring’s importance?” He asks, he knows that if she mentions Camille being hosted by Sherlock just once, he will drop her
"I'll take this one. Here." She hands him another chart from the stack. "Mrs. Elks came in says she thinks she has food poisoning but I think it's appendicitis. Have a look and make sure it's not food posing. If it's her appendix tell the nurse to schedule the OR with the general surgeon before it explodes." She smiles.
“Mm I’m sure they can hear you out there. Your noises distracting them from their work. I’ll have to punish them if they get behind.”
‘I’ll have to keep that in mind for next time John.’ Greg smirks. He closes his eyes and concentrates hard, his mind reaching out for John’s. He pictures John stood holding a door open for the witches that pass, and he reaches forward groping at John’s flaccid cock underneath his trousers.
He shakes his head. "I'm not.. I'm just going to check.." He moves to look through the peep hole, drawing back quickly when he sees Sherrinford.
"I love you, too." She kisses him and smiles. "Mm will you still love me when I'm fat and swollen carrying our babies?" She blushes and nuzzles him hiding her face.
John moans loudly as he swallows Cecil's cum and as James fills him. He gasps as Cecil pulls out of his mouth. "I love being your whore, it's what I was made for. Made to service cocks. Any cock. You could bring in any bloke and I'd let him have his way with me."
"When do you all have to go back to work? This holiday seems to a going on a while especially with the wedding coming up."
"Really?" How about this." She smirks and turns on the vibration as she fucks him harder and faster, hitting his prostate mercilessly.
He turns Sherlock around and kisses his neck, squeezing his arse. He nibbles gently at his neck and opens his trousers.
"I know. Thank you, Crofty." She smiles softly and pins her dress back. She puts on her coat and buttons it securely. "I think it's time we call it a night." Anthea says and holds Lydia close. Lydia looks visibly shaken and clings to Anthea.
Sherlock pulled out a wad of money and slapped it into the man's hand. "There...now we're leaving..."
They head through the inner door and up the stairs to the third floor. Half way down the hall is number 9 and John pulls out a set of keys to unlock the door. Inside looks much like his bedsit from before he moved in with Sherlock. There's one main room with a small sofa and telly along the far side and across from that is a kitchen which is separated by what appears to be a wall of cupboards with a cut out across the center with a view to said kitchen. Tucked against the strange island is a table with two chairs and John heads straight to it to put down the shopping. Besides the entryway there are two other doors, one leading to the bathroom and the other to the small bedroom John and Rosie both share.
John startles when Sherlock jumps up suddenly. "Mm hello, love. Are you alright?" John puts his arm around Sherlock's shoulder.
“Yes yes.” Violet whimpers needy. “Should I do it, Daddy? Should I make your Mummy swell so you can drink from her?” Sky purrs, rubbing Violet’s sides and belly.
“You can stand in front of my Sire and explain that you read his entire life as a bedtime story to send to off to sleep. You can tell him that. Let’s see how happy he is with you, because you’re not on the best of terms right now.” Sherlock snaps. He wraps his arms around himself and shivers.
"God, listen to you. He's sounds like such a slut, doesn't he Jean?" Benny smirks. "He is. Wanting us to use him in public like a whore. He wants us to fuck him and fill him. We should make him drip, shouldn't we?" Benny smirks. "Oh yes. We'll fill him so much he won't know want to do with himself. Then we'll plug him up and tease him all night. Mm well sit in the back of the theater and take turns fucking him." Jean bites at his throat.
John looks around the kitchen and nods to the bags. "I'll bring those up to Teddy if you'll get the rest? Need help in with the mini-fridge?"
The thought of not being here, at baker street, made his heartache. In the months since moving in, he’d grown to enjoy the flat and the company.
"Harry must be paying someone to keep an eye on it." John mused, thinking that perhaps it wouldn't hurt for him to offer to chip in once in a while.
Mycroft smirks and rocks the plug faster, fucking him with it. He groans as he watches Sherlock’s belly move as he makes the cum move.
"I'm not I promise. I'm fine because I know everything is going to be fine and if it's not then we'll make it be fine so everything is just fine." He drinks down his scotch with scary practiced ease barely flinching as it burns down his throat.
“I’ll never be able to repay you for what you’ve done for me. What you’ve given to me.” Sherlock says softly. “I’m so grateful. Always.”
Lydia kisses her back deeply, rocking with her against the vibrator. “Mm we need one of those double ended dildos.” She moans breathily, kissing and nipping down Anthea’s neck as their bellies press together.
‘You know you can have Mummy’s cunt whenever you like. No matter what. Even if Mummy is sleeping or already has a cock inside her. You can always push in. I’m your Mummy. My cunt is yours to pleasure you and take your cum.’ She mewls.
Mycroft gasps at the sudden change in pace and his toes curl. He lets out small, needy whimpers of Greg's name.
John nods and hugs Taylol with one arm. “Does anyone have any questions? About anything that’s happened since you’ve gone?” He asks
"Of course." He smiles softly. "Aren't you?" He bites his lip, knowing he's not usually anyone's first pick to spend time with.
Greg raises an eyebrow. “You’ve been raped in the past haven’t you?” He asks. “By quite a lot of different men. Your behaviour, I’ve seen it before in rape survivors.”
Sherlock hums as he gets out of the taxi and pays. He goes into the museum, ignoring the mandatory voluntary donation and heads towards the Egyptian area. “What does the ring look like, ma’am?” He breaths.
Mycroft smiles slightly. "Anthea, you and I have been a team for almost a quarter century, when you started interning at 15. You've been my protege, my employee, my assistant and my friend. You're family, and I look after family. Now go, look after your family, and I'll keep you updated." He kissed the crown of her head.
Carol whimpers as he grabs her tender arse, moaning needy. “Violet spanks so hard. Harder than any of the boys. Feels so good.”
‘Where? Where are you?’ She laughs, knowing when Mycroft got her out he shut down the facility because of their shady practices but she never knew where the others went because she blocked out most of her time there to protect herself.
Anthea mewls and nods. “Touch me.” She says as she rides Harry, taking her deep and riding her like she was born for it.
They groan and thrust into his hands. "Look at him. A fucking professional whore." One man groans. "Probably a real whore. This is probably some advertising for some whore house." The other smirks.
“Mm you don’t have to concentrate. All you have to do is read and I’ll concentrate.” Sherlock goggles.
Leona fastens her seatbelt before helping Luciel into hers. “Are you nervous?” She asks, taking her daughter’s hand.
“Good.” John smiles. “Now call that DI and tell him you’re ready for cold cases. I’ll call the landlady and tell her she can come back whenever she likes.”
He wasn't wearing a lab coat, or the tattier clothing favoured by broke med students. Instead, he was in a two-piece suit, the collar a crisp white shirt hugging his chin.
Greg kisses his head. "It's alright now. I've got you. It's alright." He says softly and blinks away tears that threaten to spill over.
Sky sits back against the bed. She holds Sherlock close and gently rubs her nipple against his lip to get him to latch.
“Since were reborn all the time our soul can be promised to a fetus by the mother. It’s a common legend that when a baby take its first breath that’s its soul entering its body. When the fetus is promised to us and takes its first breath it’s sucks on our soul. Then we’re born again.” Pythia nods. “If we don’t get promised we go to a random baby.” Mrs. Hudson nods.
They walk about the exhibit, taking time to view each of the animals and make quips about the positioning. It's comfortable and no one else seems to be in the exhibit with them, if one didn't count the constant texts that Sherlock seems to keep getting. Fifteen minutes of suffering through the dings and responses, John can't take it anymore. "Who keeps texting you?" He asks in an accusatory tone, "don't they know you're on a field trip with your daughter?"
“You’re one for traditional marriage, yes? Therefore, the more masculine man would propose. I’ll make up a list of what we need to buy.”
Sabine shivers slightly. "I don't know how to react to praise without a threat behind it." She whispers.
“I’m not! I’d never leave you! Never! You lot are the only thing keeping me alive!” Greg snaps and then looks shocked, not having meant to let that slip.
"Mm I like it when my man comes prepared." She smirks and kisses him. "I'm assuming most of the sex happens upstairs because that's where everyone keeps disappearing to." She hums as she watches couples and groups of people go upstairs obviously up to something.
Mycroft looks up to greet them but hesitates as he sees them, quickly figuring out what happened. His face turned bright red and he quickly adverted his eyes.
“I’ll take that as a no.” She smirks, letting him fuck her throat for a bit before pulling off and letting him push into her dripping wet cunt.
“You are. You’re so good. I want you to pick someone and let them suck you off. Show them they can use your cock however they want.”
He smirks slightly. "Mm. I'll wait to send these to him until you get there. I want you to tell me what his reaction is."
Morna nods and closes her eyes, concentrating hard. ‘Come to me and drink from me. Get your fill. Gorge yourselves on my milk. Do whatever you want to me.’
"Sure, such a proposition would be met with praise and welcomed arms by so many. But the upper class, those with money and power, would squash any rays of hope before any new bill even had the chance to be voted on. People have tried, Alphas like you, who understand that I'm human, not a baby factory."
"But this Benjamin," John starts then swallows, his eyes flashing down, "you must have had some sort of attraction to him if you went out on a date. You seemed like you got along well enough."
"Good boy. You're such a good boy." He praises and kisses his neck. "Look how hard you are for me. Look how much you're leaking. I haven't even touched you and you're already so close."
Mycroft moans. “Anyone. Everyone.” He begs. “I don’t care.” He reaches out, his hands roaming her soft skin, pressing into her belly softly. “Is it heavy?” He asks. “Fuck, I want to be that full.” He pleads, as if he was under a curse.
He nod and goes to find another costume. He comes back out in women's lingerie, his cock straining against the panties.
Sky nods and licks him back. ‘I know. I just miss you. Having you with me. In me.’ She’d blush is she could.
“It doesn’t have to be hard and fast all the time. Your arse should be worshipped.” Mycroft nuzzles him, holding him close as he rocks slowly.
"What?" He bites his neck as he grabs his shirt and pulls him through the flat and up the stairs toward the unoccupied bedroom.
“Because I was your sire and I know when you’re thinking of a stupid idea.” Mycroft frowns. “So what are you thinking of doing?” He asks again.
Greg leans against him. "I'm also an idiot sometimes. How stupid was I to deny the best thing that ever happened to me?"
"No. I saw you get flush and your hips rocking into her mouth. She had disappeared and you were fucking someone's face under the table. Wasn't to hard to figure out." He smiles softly.
Collin kisses his shoulders and back as he adds a fourth finger. John groans and kisses Greg deeply.
Greg smiles. "You know your father and how he handles bad news. Personal problems? Oh my god you've finally left that man haven't you? Thank God I knew you'd come to your senses sooner or later." She says. Greg tenses. "Oh C-christ mum no I haven't left him and I'm not going to. I love him and I'm going to be with him for the rest of my life! What do you mean how dad handles bad news? Oh fuck your letting him drink aren't you! I-it's not even ten o'clock! He's been diagnosed with liver cancer from drinking and your letting him do the thing that is killing him!"
Udos smirks and bites down her neck, leaving bruises in his wake. He stops rocking the plug, letting Morna do the work.
He starts to thrust harder as Peter latches onto one of her nipples. “Let’s get a big cock down her throat.” He calls out, smirking.
Sherlock blushes as he’s fed and brings Kia into his lap. “Will you still love me when I’m big and round? Will you still make love to me?” He asks.
“Oh? Do you?” Sherlock chuckles as he watches John chew. He reaches down and strokes John’s cock. “My horny little omega. So needy for me. For my cock.”
"I never threatened to strangle him. I merely suggested that if he was going to put you in hospital, the least he could do is make sure it never happens again. If he took that to mean strangle him if he comes back, that's purely John’s imagination."
John had managed to convince Greg he was well enough to leave the flat, despite what Sherlock and Mycroft had been apparently telling him. He got himself dressed up nicely – it had been a while since he had dressed up for anything – he was ready to drink away any thoughts of Sherlock and the date he was on.
He’s probably imagining it, but something in the dog’s eyes seems way too wise, way too familiar and it unsettles him for a moment.
He wipes his eyes and clears his throat. "This time it's personal. I just have to not get caught up in the emotion. We should visit my Uncle, my dad's brother. I wonder if he believes my Mum."
Mycroft gives the barest of nods. "Yes... Many years ago." He admitted. "University. He was domineering... And... None too gentle." He swallowed. "The... Same man who told me I was damaged goods. I... Want to know what it's like with someone who... Cares."
Sherlock shakes his head. “This feeling you have. This want. Times it by twenty and that’s the feeling you get when I bite you.” He smiles.
He smiles brightly and nods. He blushes when he realizes he hasn't introduced Jean and Benny. "Oh, Jake, this is Jean and Benny."
“He really is.” She nods. “He picked the biggest stallion there. And then he picked others so I could work my way up.” She blushes.
There's a knock on the door then Joann pops her head in, sees the shower running and nods once in approval. "I've got the wolfsbane off the floor. Though we will need a strong chemical to clean the floor. Do you know where your brother would keep anything I can use?"
A young woman comes out of the large front doors, drying her hands. “About time ye showed yer face!”
John chuckles softly. "You falling asleep before me?" He whispered, picking up his prescription bottle and taking the pill, swallowing it down with a gulp of water and made a face. Then he went back to stroking Sherlock's hair, moving to his neck and shoulders.
“Though if you were telling the truth earlier tonight is gonna be a lot more fun.” She winks and swats his arm, laughing as they walk back to the car.
"What seems to be the problem, Sherlock?" Lydia smiles as John gets Sherlock a bed and tests set up.
"You don't have to get anything else if you don't want to. But if you do we can get it." He smiles softly, rubbing his back. "Just have a look around. We can go to other shops as well."
John looks over at the lank man and chuckles. "I'm taking up your headspace on the couch, aren't I?" He teases.
Mycroft's eyes roll back into his head and he presses back against him. "Yes.." At this point, his body is so sensitive that he's already close to coming a third time. All he can do is lay there while Greg starts to fuck him.
‘So is Peter.’ She gently moves them to make some room for Turk and Bruce. ‘He’s still latched.’ She giggles softly as she looks down to see Peter still suckling even as he sleeps.
John goes back into the room and sits on Sherlock’s lap. “Hey beautiful.” He smiles. “I need to do something about Greg.” He says softly.
"Oh god." He whimpers. "Please, Sherlock, please! I-I need you to fuck me! I need you inside me! I'm loosing my mind without you in me, please!" He begs and grinds against him.
Mycroft hums and nods. “Of course. Any room you like. There’s a spare suite as well. If Camille needs to speak with me you can contact me or see me any time.”
“Mm just hold my thighs spread open and fuck me. I’ll do the rest.” She mewls and lays back against him once she’s fully seated with his cock in her arse.
“Of course. I have no problem with it.” Dominic smiles. “We’d love to be your parents.” Leona smiles softly.
He thrusts his finger slowly before adding a second. "You're such a good boy. Look how good you are. My good boy. You're doing such a good job."
“No no. Of course not. This was when I was very very young. A long time before I met Mycroft or Greg.”
"Yes but I love hearing it so feel free to say it again. Pretty good for a prototype, huh? I only burned up four laptops to make the coding. One caught fire. It was a small fire don't worry." Sky smiles.
“Just think in your head. They’ll hear you and meet us there.” John smirks. “They can hear your thoughts when you want them to.”
"I kinda remember it from last time we came but only bits and pieces. I remember the ice cream." Rosie explains, "I want to take pictures this time so I remember."
Mycroft smiles and goes further around, pushing between Crystal’s arse cheeks but not going in as she asked. “Still good?” He asks.
“I know. I know it is. I don’t know if that makes it better or worse.” Sherlock smiles, a little embarrassed. “I… I’ve never done this before.”
[A trip to the zoo to try and trick her into being less of a twat about the whole thing? Seems like more of a reward to me.]
Jake smiles and nuzzles him. "If you guys look out the window you'll see Vegas all light up at night." Sky hums with her eyes closed as they get close to landing.
She kisses him hard and pushes him down onto the bed in the bedroom at the back of the plane as the plane takes off.
John smiles at him before downing the rest of his wine, "Come on then. Let's fetch Rosie and fill her in."
"Everyone always says that. I should get it tattooed somewhere. It's like it's my personal motto." She hums and looks at the photos.
John chops while he talks, moving the freshly cubed fruit into a bowl and squeezing some lime juice on them.
“Well you see I needed some dye for an experiment and I didn’t know that the bottle had a hole.” Sherlock looks apologetic. “I did try to scrub them out.”
“Mm mine. I have supplies.” Sherlock kisses John back before finally getting up, all but dragging John to his bedroom.
He makes it to the door without detection, not even from Mrs. Hudson. Though, he could smell her soother which meant she'd be no good to anyone for the rest of the evening. Placing his case down between the two doors, he sucks in a deep breath and knocks on the door leading into the living room.
"Yup. Some things were going to need for the house I'm having built for us." She smiles. "Michael, love. Come open the box will you." She hums, knowing the others would after around him curious to see what's in the box.
"Mm you're just like a cat. I don't know why I suggested getting a pet to John. I can pet you whenever I like." Greg smiles and cards his fingers though Sherlock's messy curls.
“That is what I’m here for. To hold you up when you can’t bare it any longer. I’m here to be your strength when you need extra. Use me, Sherlock. Use me and stay strong. I will catch you every time you fall. I will dust you off and we will move on. Together forever.”
Greg does as he’s told, dressing in a few layers before meeting Crystal downstairs. “What do you want me to do?” He asks, “I’ll try anything.”
“Such a slut. Wanting more.” Dorian smirks and pushes back into his mouth. Eric turns up the vibrator against Sherlock’s clit as he fucks his arse. “You can come as many times as you want but no one is going to touch your cock. Your cock is going to come untouched every time you come.” He groans.
She shrugs. "I was fine. I got to hear their heartbeats. They're good and strong." She smiles softly up at him, red hand print still bright on her cheek.
He bites his lip. **Its been a while since I’ve had to seduce a woman. I don’t even think I was good to begin with.—G**
Sherlock looks over at Mycroft and the others, blushing "I heard that Daddy wants to see me and Mycroft together.. We can play and you can let the others fuck your face and arse."
“Mycroft? This is a surprise, brother. Are you ill?” Crystal asks as she picks up the phone, one hand holding the phone to her ear and the other bejeweled hand holding a wine glass filled with blood.
“I didn’t want to upset her. I know how distressed some ghosts can get.” Pythia smiles. “Will you get the twins out of the car and I’ll take them in.” She offers.
“Great.” Wanda smiles and pulls out her phone, texting. Issach smiles and gently takes George’s hand.
"I want to be close to you. I want to touch you. I want you to touch me. This.. This fear is completely irrational because I know you would never hurt me. I know. My brain knows but my body.. My body has only ever known pain and loss. It is scared to be hurt again. It's trying to protect me and I can't override it." She shakes her head, talking about herself as if she's a machine.
Greg flops back onto the couch with a huff. "I'm fine, My. It's just s sneeze. And maybe a little headache. I don't get sick."
She hums, giggling. “Mm, but this way we can do more than just toys and fingers. And I could play with your cunt for a change. I’m sure it’s lovely.”
Greg instantly crumbles to the floor. Sherlock tentatively steps out of the room and goes up to John helping him up. “What do we do John?” He asks.
"She should be dead. She should be dead three times over. Firstly there is evidence of her skull being split open. Second she was shot in the femoral artery in the thigh so she should have bleed to death. Thirdly she has five broken ribs and all of her internal organs should have exploded by the impact of whatever happened to her. So tell me that this is some kind of fucking joke because she's already healing at an accelerated pace."
"I'm Jean. A pleasure to meet you." Jean smiles and takes his hand. "You are going to share him aren't you? Because you can't show me him and not share." He looks at Sky. "Michael can play as much as he likes." She smiles. "Brilliant." Jean smiles still holding Michael's hand.
"Their names are Amelia and Carol. Amelia writes for a travel magazine and Carol is a stay at home mom. You are an uncle to a two year old boy named Daniel."
Sherlock mumbles and nods. He had lost control totally. He thought he’d be able to keep it together but it was too much. He loved John too much. “Was good..” He mumbles.
"Gregory is...feeling some adverse effects from the crime scene...I'm going to take him home. I'm taking him home. Also, John Watson...Sherlock's omega has gone into spontaneous heat. Would you hold down the fort, please?" Mycroft asked.
to be you. It is just more likely to be resolved with a bit more speed due to your abhorrent ignorance of laws."
Camille holds her hand out for Greg to shake. “We would have to stay pretty close together. If one leaves the country, the other goes with them. We have to keep each other in check.” She explains.
Sky stops the car in front of Baker Street and Sherlock pulls John out of the car, up the stairs, and to their bedroom.
He looks up at Mycroft as he reaches for his umbrella and offers the man a nod of thanks before watching him go. Turning back to his alpha he tilts his head and grins.
He gags a bit but continues to take her deeper, rocking his hips to try to get more friction from Eli’s hand.
John nodded. "Okay." He dragged his feet as he headed upstairs to get a fresh change of clothes and his dressing gown.
"Yeah. He quite good. He mostly bakes when he's stressed. When that happens the whole flat gets filled with baked goods of every make and kind." She hums and smiles softly.
"Call an ambulance!" Lydia snaps at Anthea. Anthea call right away. "Sherlock I need you to focus on me. I think you have a concussion. Can you understand my signing?" She asks and signs because he can seem to understand her words.
Greg sits and waits for Mycroft. He pulls out his phone and reads some emails that have been piling up.
“It’s a suspension room.” Collin smirks. “You can be hung from the wall or ceiling while fucking, getting fucked, sucking, whatever you’d like.”
He smiles shyly and blushes. “His real name’s Mycroft. He’s erm..” he hesitates a bit. “He’s part of our big relationship.”
Sherlock pretended to look affronted. "Same goes for you, John. The only cock you're riding is *mine*." He grins wickedly. Turning to the man, he raises a brow. "Is there something I can help you with, or would you rather come back to our place and discuss matters?" He asked, a cheeky lilt to his voice.
John's quiet, except for the humming. Who was Jim? Sherlock's old university pimp? He expelled the thought from his head. They'd talk about it when Sherlock was ready. He drifted off to sleep.
“I saw the way you were looking at her earlier. You just can’t wait to be the one to put knock her up next, can you?”
Sky leads him to the bar. "I told you salmon would look good on you." She hums to a man standing there in the salmon colored shirt. "Sky!" Jean smiles brightly and hugs her tightly. "Where's your worse half?" She smiles and hugs him back. "Off fuckin about." He hums.
John nods as he reads her lips. "I'm staying as well." He signs. Greg smiles. "I guess that's all of us staying here then.." Lydia nods. "I'll go down stairs and get something set up. I'll be back soon." She smiles and leaves. She smiles at Anthea as she walks out of the room.
Sherlock shakes his head. “This is up to you, you need time to process everything.” He explains softly. “I’m not going to bite you, if you’re worried. Nor will I change you.”
“When have I ever half arsed anything?” Sherlock scoffs as he parks in his spot at the university. “I’ve got to go now.”
John guides Sherlock to turn, so he can soap up his back, and arse, hands moving automatically with his familiarity with the human body.
Morna giggles and smiles happily. “I’m sure Sherlock will say yes. I don’t know why he wouldn’t.” She hums, running her hands over her breasts. “Mm did you know why Kia is feeling very very small she’ll come to me and suckle for hours?”
Mycroft gasps and arches his back. "S-Sir!" He whines. "I.. Sir, if I may suggest.. Th-The spankings.."
“Oh Sherlock, you're severely misguided if you think a trivial title like alpha or omega holds any authority over me.” Mycroft snorts.
Margaret nods. “I can’t even imagine how traumatic that must have been.” She sighs. “I haven’t seen crystal in a few years. Looks like she’s doing well.”
“There’s my little breeding whore.” He smirks and pulls his fingers out of her, licking them lean. “Mm you taste like your juices and cum.” He smirks and strokes himself.
“My, I really like you. I still really like you. I’m gonna keep really liking you.” Greg kisses his knuckles.
‘What do you mean?’ She asks, knowing the cum is dripping down her thighs even though she has a big plug filling up her cunt. She doesn’t even try to hide her cum filled belly.
John shakes his head and goes to make tea. Greg keeps trying to convince Sherlock to take the case. "The universe must hate me. Just trying to have a nice night but heaven forbid John Watson have a peaceful night. No never people just get murdered to ruin my night." John grumbles under his breath.
Mycroft smirks and mouths at his cock through his trousers, trying to pull a sound from Greg. He digs his nails into his thighs as he licks up his length.
Sherlock takes off his shirt and hands it to John before continuing to massage. He works down John’s leg, over his back, and back down the other leg. “I’m sorry. I’m sure being close to an Alpha isn’t making this better. Maybe I should leave you be.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll fill you up again soon enough.” Eli kisses him as they sink down into the hot water.
It was unheard of for a mate to leave their omega during pregnancy. Even for those who had arranged, or were gained through payment. In some cases, it would be the only time the Omega got to leave the house. Their Alpha took them on business trips until the pregnancy required them to be home.
“Oh no, I’m terrible with names!” John protests. “Don’t be trying to draw me in by giving me naming rights! I’m still annoyed you’ve brought a dog home!” he says, although he’s smiling. “Besides, I’d suggest calling her Mycroft, just to piss your brother off. But that’s not fair to that cute little bundle of excitement in your hand,” he scoffs. “You name her.”
She kisses him back softly and gets into her back. She spreads her legs wide for him, tight cunt dripping needy all over the bed.
“My view was tainted because I love you.” Sherlock whispers, tenderly. “And I didn’t want to dwell on it, I never thought we would be able to get together, because of my condition.” He rests his cheek against John’s head and sighs. “I’m glad you’re not scared of me though. Or disgusted.”
“Not as much as I’d like, but I can see Greg argument. That Crystal needs to change as well, or else they’re going to be at each other’s throats for the rest of time.” Mycroft says, bowing his head.
John chuckled, before slicking his cock with the leftover KY and lining himself up. "I was hoping for making you beg twice... but I think that was at least four times." He murmured, teasingly as he pushed inside in one swift movement.
"Mm of course he did. Did the 'cum slut' written on your arse come with it or was that added?" He smirks.
He blushes, rocking back onto his cock and into Mel’s mouth. “Love it, sir. Feels fucking brilliant. Love having you so deep inside me.” John comes up behind Mel, rubbing his cock against her cunt. “Mm.. mind if I join?”
“Gregory, you know that’s not fair.” Diōnē sighs as she and Magdala walk in. Magdala frowns deeply and goes to Crystal, reaching out to remove the cross. “Don’t touch it.” Crystal orders.
"No. You don't get to get yourself off. Not after that. Go be a good boy and sit in your chair. And don't you dare touch yourself."
John goes to the end of the bed and picks up Sherlock's chart. "Morning, love." John flips through the chart reading the results of the overnight tests.
Sherlock answers the door when the driver rings the bell. He allows his in, just this once and take the bags of blood and the milk. He hands over the broach, not having been told what John and Mycroft had talked about.
"Maybe... I'll let you use those toys on me, if I get to do that again." He says smugly, enjoying the way his Alpha tastes in his mouth.
“Needy alpha. Rub against my leg. I want you to come in your pants like the little slut you are.” John rubs his thigh against Sherlock’s crotch.
‘Mm we should have a date night. Where you take me out and fill me up with strangers cum. I know you’d love that.’ She nuzzles him. ‘Getting to chose the men knocking up your pretty little wife. Choosing the men impregnating your breeding whore.’ She licks her lips and whimpers, feeling the contractions opening her more.
The gesture is kind and puts a smile on John's face even as Sherlock begins questioning him about powder burns on his fingers.
**I’ll let you know when I’m headed home. Make sure you’re ready for me. I want you naked and open.”
“Mm should I knock you up like your little friend? Make you carry my kid?” He smirks, thrusting deeper.
“Sherlock… we’ve been living together all this time, this past year and you’ve never said… but on that first night when we had dinner you said… and then… ” John started to look at the restaurant, really look at it. There was something about it that was bouncing around in his brain. He couldn’t place it. He was feeling very hot and very confused and something in the back of his head was banging on a door trying desperately to get out.
“I know you do, darling.” Anthea murmurs softly, she couldn’t resist licking the side of Harry’s neck so she didn’t. *God, she tasted so good.*
"Nope." She says, "I remembered what you said about making yourself look like less of a threat, so they let their guard down."
“Mm, Daddy likes it when his boys make a mess.. Don’t worry, Daddy will clean you up.” He starts to thrust harder, a bit faster.
“Try it with me. Think of something you want me to think. Color or animal or anything.” Maggie smiles.
“He shoved his hands down my pants, squeezed where my knot would form. He was angry I wasn’t hard from being tortured so he said he’d fuck me until I was. He never got the chance.” He kisses John’s head.
Greg tightens his grip on the headboard and thrusts as hard as he can into Crystal, accidentally using his Satanic strength.
Sherlock relaxes against him and stays like that for about 15 minutes until John's phone rings, Lestrade's number popping up.
He whimpers and bares his neck for Sherlock, tugging sharply at his hair. He bucks his hips, groaning at the relief and pleasure he feels.
Greg cards his fingers through Sherlock's hair, massaging his scalp. "Mm what was that, honey?" He licks his lips.
John gasped. “What… what the hell is going on Sherlock…?” his voice started to crack, his eyes started to fill with tears as he looked around the restaurant and back to Sherlock, desperate for an escape from this confusion. He remembered back to the hospital, to their conversations. “We’re just… we were just flatmates and… and… wait… what… what year is it? You asked me that, and I… What year is it?!” he demanded angrily.
Sherlock's arms engulf his body. For once John finds himself happy for his small frame. He wants to curl into a ball and exist only in Sherlock's embrace.
"Keep it slow, Sherlock. You know what to do." Carol smirks as she straddles Collin's chest. Sherlock whimpers and licks Collin's cock.
“Are you sure I’m allowed these sir? They look really expensive, and like the ones that Powell kid wore in Moriarty’s first case.” John explains softly.
'It's different here. Anything you want. You can change anything. Everything. It's safe here.' She says soothingly.
"Do you want all the blokes there? So we can all use and fill your slutty hole?" He smirks, his cock leaking against him.
“No not at all. In fact if you wanted you can lay on one and suckle from the other while you fall asleep. It’s very relaxing. It releases feel good hormones that help you sleep.” She nods.
"Yeah. I know." He nods. "She's going to be exhausted. She's going to have another ability draining her energy plus the babies."
John nods sadly. “It was either them or me. If I didn’t do it I would have died and so would all of you, permanently.” He whispers.
Greg smiles and leans in to kiss him, moving his fingers. "Mmm.. And you'll find them. Don't overwork yourself, love." He pulls away. "I suppose we'd better get going before Max comes to find me.." He sighs softly, only half kidding.
Sky holds Veronica's hips and Veronica moves to sit in her lap. Veronica leans in to kiss her and Sky hums as she kisses her back.
"Listen to me, Sherlock. Whatever they said were lies. All lies. Terrible untrue lies. None of it was the truth. Please, honey, you have to believe me.." Greg tears up and kisses his head softly.
Myropis laughs. “I’ll take you down John. You think yourself as King. I’ll make it so they forget all about you. You can spend your time in the darkness and I’ll take good care of your three waddling, balls of pregnancy and sex.” He smirks.
John sighs and shaking his head. “When mother has got an idea, then she wants to stick with it. No changing her mind.” He shrugs, “nothing important enough to kill over. No war ever is.”
He blushes, his cock twitching against the couch. “Daddy fucked me over his desk. Left me full of his cum. Will you fill me up again?”
"Mm your appointment is coming up soon." He nuzzles him, hearing his change of tone. "Mm but I think I made you squirt like four times. My best a long time ago was only three. Probably could have been higher but he fucked me silly so it kind of derailed my plans. Oh well."
“You’re the most gorgeous man I’ve ever seen.” John groans as he looks Sherlock over, stroking him slowly.
"Good because I'll probably say it everyday multiple times." John says as he pushes them into the lift.
He licks his lips, his hands trailing down to his arse. "I haven't seen you get needy much before, Mikey.."
Sherlock sighs softly and sits in the nearest pew, watching John pray. He tries to remember the stories he was told when he was a child at church, but he can’t remember anything. Nothing but knowing that church was the only time he got away from cleaning out the furnesses whilst they were still burning.
"Alright. Sky scared the hell out of us earlier." He sighs a bit and looks down at Sky sleeping on one of his shoulders and Michael sleeping on the other.
"No not really. My dad is going to ask you what you do for work and my mum is going to want to know everything about your family."
Mycroft’s eyes widen as he stands there stock still. He suddenly realizes what terrible danger they’re all in.
“You like that?” Greg smirks. “The idea of me commanding you? The idea of me being in charge. You doing as I say, pretty little vamp.” He breaths as he runs his finger across her jaw.
She whimpers and her tail wags excitedly. ‘Now? Please please please. Need cock. And cum. And babies.’
“There you go. So wet for me, baby. You’re about halfway now.” He groans as he feels his cockhead press against her cervix.
Lydia sighs as Sherlock goes under. "Damn it damn it damn it.." She growls at herself as she tosses her gloves in the bin. She goes out to Greg. "What the actual fuck was that!?!" She snaps.
Sherlock frowns and strands in the center of the room, slowly turning and taking everything in. “The house has been searched already.” He says finally.
"Masquerade ball! Masks. No one has to see anyone's faces. It's still fun and a party and safer for all involved." She smiles proud of herself for thinking it up.
"I'm going to tell you now that I absolutely suck at bowling so don't expect anything." He chuckles and smiles.
"Mm when you boys are done I want you to tie her down, hook her up to the pumps, and take turns fucking her. I want her so full of you cum she can't take anymore and then fill her again. She's just a little breeding whore and I want lots of grandbabies. Lots and lots of them. So both of my boys are going to take turns filling her wet little cunt. Understand?" Violet smirks.
'I'm Daddy's. All yours. Use me however you want. Let whoever you want fuck me. I'm yours. Do whatever you want to me.'
She moans loudly, trying to push back against his cock. "Please! I need it! I need your cock. I can't think without it. I can't breathe without being stuffed full with it. I need you. Please god please." She begs. "I'm so empty without you. My pussy is so wet and ready for your big perfect hard cock. I was made for your cock. All for you. Please." She whimpers.
Maggie hums happily and sinks to her knees. “Have I told you how much I love your cock?” She mumbles as she strokes him slowly, kissing his balls.
"Tsk tsk, Mycroft, we haven't even gotten to my favorite part yet. He's a spirited one I'll give him that. I want to see how far I can push him till he breaks." Ford laughs.
He cries out and squirts around him as he pushes past his cervix. “Yes! Fuck! Fuck my womb hard! Pound it, fuck, please. Fill me again and again with your cum, fill me with your babies. Want you to decide who fucks me and who breeds me. Want huge cocks slamming into my cunt and womb. Don’t wanna come from my cock until I can’t handle it. Please!” He pushes back for more as he begs.
"Yeah." She opens one, there are picture of her with other children and adults, none with Moriarty or Sebastian. She's wearing a collar in every photo.
“Just talk to her. She’s an excellent listener. Sometimes we just need someone to listen.” He says softly.
“It is and I am.” Morna smiles softly. “You’re his brother, yeah?” She asks, looking at at him as she lounges in the bed.
Sherlock smiles softly and kisses John’s hair. “Come on then, dear, we’ve got a plane to catch.” He says softly, “You can lay on me like this when we get up in the air.” He says softly. He pats John’s shoulder before pulling away slightly.
John reads bits of the paper, then looks at Sherlock still thinking, then his monitors, then back to the paper. It's oddly domestic really.
'You can always have my cunt. But then again I'm not the only pussy open to you these days.' Sky purrs.
Mycroft smiles down at Magdala. “We’ll be happy to do that. All of us.” Magdala says. “I love having little kids to care for.”
They slowly go through Crystal one at a time, fucking her and using her pussy, filling her with their babies.
"About your brother most likely?" John raises an eyebrow, "so let's get it over with. Come to threaten me?"
“I think it would help you feel more like your own person and less beholden to him.” John says softly.
'No I can't have them. My uterus was damaged when I had a miscarriage and now it's beyond repair..' She swallows and takes a breath.
Turk leans in to kiss him softly. “I’ll be fine. Sky’ll be able to watch over me in case there’s trouble.”
John can’t help giggling at that. “Shut up, you’ve been shot. You shouldn’t be making jokes right now, Sherlock. You could have bloody died. You’re really going to have to stop doing that, you know. Honestly!” But John hugs him a little tighter as he says it.
Darius sucks hard before gently grazing Sky’s nipple with his teeth as he rubs her clit directly. Sky cries out and comes hard, squirting around their cocks as her cunt throbs around them.
Mycroft laughs quietly. "Quite." He mused. "I was never one for growing facial hair... it grew rather scrappy, so I kept clean shaven."
“He’s always had a brilliant cock. Couldn’t believe my eyes when I first saw it. Fucking bruised me the first time I took it.” He smirks, his cock throbbing as he thinks back.
“I look forward to seeing you and your toy later.” She smirks and walks off, disappearing into the crowd.
“Mm just wait till you Fuck her arse. So tight and hot. God, it just sucks you in deeper and deeper.” Duke smirks as he cuts off her air, making her tremble. “Twerk on his cock. He like watching your arse shake. Give him something to watch.” He smirks. Anthea does her best to twerk on his cock, feeling her arsr jiggle and bounce.
"Jesus we really have a lot to talk about. I uhh.. I have a family now. A proper one. I was adopted a few years back."
**Total Yes. How do they make your cock look even bigger? Has it always been that big? I haven’t had it in ages. I need it.—SH**
**No we’re just playing the waiting game. Wait how did you get Mycroft to sleep in? You know what never mind, mate. Have fun. And thanks for keeping him functioning.—JW** John reaches the cafeteria and gets Sherlock and himself some coffee. He picks up a news paper as well.
Mycroft is quiet. "You mean that?" He asks, softly. He was trying to get used to Greg's appreciative comments, but it was still difficult.
John smirks as there's a knock at the door. "Mmm... Going to have fun with that." He murmured. He kisses the man and heads to the door to accept the room service.
Violet moans loudly and arches. Sky slips out of her dress gets onto the counter naked. She spreads her legs and plays with her pussy just like he tells her. Her belly was so flat after having the babies but her tits must have doubled in size at least, so much so that she can barely see over them now.
"Today *and* tonight." John smiles. "We weren't in the car that long, were we?" He chuckles, pressing back against him.
John sits back in his chair with his head in his hands and the labs in his lap. Greg follows Mycroft down the hall. "My."
“Of course. You know I’ve always been here for you.” Margaret smiles softly, rubbing John’s hand. “Are you hungry? You should eat. Sherlock is probably hungry as well.”
“Mm I thought you looked familiar. She told me about a man who came in and fucked her holes.” She laughs.
Crystal smiles and pulls Mycroft in for a kiss. “I used to sleep on dirt. I’m used to being uncomfortable.”
“Ah so you weren’t going to tell any of us that you were going on a potentially dangerous mission? Great that makes it better.” Greg laughs and shakes his head. “It’s fine. Really. I’ll stay here.” He nods.
"Okay." She smiles and goes to fix up the wheelchair. Greg moves closer. "Do you want me to pick you up and sit you in the wheelchair or do you want to try and stand? Which do you want, baby?" He asks softly and rubs his cheek with his hand.
'I wanted to apologize for earlier. It's nothing to do with you, I assure you. It's because of my own mindset. As I've said before, I don't care who you sleep with, including those that I sleep with. I don't mind that. I just.. I've started to find it arousing but I don't believe that I'm at that point yet mentally where I can be alright with that.'
Annabelle blinks, having never been asked that question. “From my husband.” She replies after a while.
Sherlock smiles as he watches him leave. He relaxes and closes his eyes, glad that John was going to get his much needed rest.
Mycroft lies Sherlock along one seat, sitting opposite him. John wastes no time sliding in to sit beside Sherlock, gently moving Sherlock’s head onto his lap.
"Are you going to be a good boy and fuck me hard?" She licks at his mouth and drags a single finger up his achingly hard cock teasingly.
He moans as they switch, able to breathe for a fraction of a second before being smothered by another wet cunt.
Mycroft splays his hand on his stomach before nodding. He feels his cock swell with excitement, as he looks up at Morna. “H- how big can I get?” He asks.
John purses his lips and wiggles his toes at the fish. Exhaling slowly he runs his tongue over his teeth. "She didn't come out and say it, but I think she knew dad was still alive. He was unconscious most of that first year while they tried to sever his bond. But I bet when he woke up she could feel flashes of him inside her. Maybe she just knew that Moriarty had him."
"If these don't suit your needs then we can have something custom made up. You should be able to have exactly what you want on your wedding day. Take them home and let it sink in. Call me for anything else. The information is on the back of the pamphlet." The curator smiles.
He blushes and smiles softly, nuzzling him back. "I.. I don't know yet.. I don't know if there's a way that I can use all of yours.."
“She’s pregnant with multiple pregnancies. She’s carrying the other god’s babies including mine.” Sherlock blushes shyly.
‘I know the rules.’ She hops back on the bed and gets all snuggled into the blankets before changing into her little human form and turning on the tv.
John heads to the door and places his hand on the knob. Pausing for a second before adding, "I won't have our pups growing up wondering why we don't have your last name or god forbid without mine too. I won't hide."
Morna giggles and holds onto John, kissing and sucking on his neck as he carries her. “Mm with that sheer silk I can see the whole outline of your delicious cock.” She mumbles against his neck.
“So long as the powder keg kills them.” Greg shrugs. “I can’t prosecute them but I can get retribution for what happened.”
The driver opens the door and they get in. The car pulls away from Baker Street and takes them to a large estate.
“Mm you have some of the best lips I’ve ever kissed.” He mumbles against his lips. “I look forward to kissing your other lips soon.” He smirks.
"Mm you know the submissive has all the power. No matter what. They decide how far the scene goes. They decide what they want. It just takes a dominant to get them there." He hums and kisses him.
Molly hands the phone back. "Call you family, love." She murmurs. "If nothing more, then ease your mind by getting it over and done with, hmmm?"
“I know you can dear. But I like this pace of life just as much as running around London with you. That’s all.” Sherlock explains softly.
"There's more if you change your mind.." John goes back into the kitchen to make tea. Greg eats slowly.
Sherlock nods. “She’s technically not mine. She’s my flatmate’s biological daughter and after her mother died I told them to move back in with me. I raised her with him for years. And we.. he and I were together. Until a few months ago that is. He kept trying to start fights with me about me not being safe enough and I changed things. I tried my best to fix them. But they were never good enough and I came home one day and they were gone. I.. I don’t know what I did. I tried calling but he wouldn’t answer. The only reason I didn’t hunt him down is because our mutual friends said they were okay and that I should just wait.”
"Come on." Sky snaps and grabs Lilith's wrist dragging her out of the restaurant. Turk frowns and rubs Michael's hand.
Mycroft whimpers and opens his mouth in a silent scream as he comes hard from the feeling of Greg filling him. The orgasm that happens is dry, nothing coming out as he comes.
He hums happily and holds him close. “Any idea what it is yet?” He chuckles softly, knowing Sherlock has been doing all kinds of whacky “test” earlier to see if any folk remedies could actually Devine the sex of the baby.
“That’s a good girl. This is what it’s going to feel like when you’re giving birth, so wide and stretched. She wipes the precum off around Morna’s hole with her free hand and smiles. “How hard do you want me to thrust?” She asks.
"They are. They're so good. Teaching me how to use my body to please myself even if they don't know it. It's good. I never thought I could enjoy any of this. Never thought I would have it." She hums and kisses his neck.
“I know. I know.” She sighs. “I’m a nurse. I know these things. It’s different when it’s your kids..” She frowns.
He blushes at how gentle Michael is being, a bit of a pleasant relief even while he loves the rough treatment. He breathes steadily before nodding, ready to take more.
He's about to accept the safe house when the floorboards in the hall creak. He turns around and sees Sherlock standing wide-eyed in the doorway.
"Ha! Didn't get his name!" She smirks. "Such a little slut. Willing to hop into any cock that passes by." She presses against him and kisses him hard.
Greg chuckles and stands his ground, hugging his friend tightly. “I’m sorry.” He whispers. “I’m sorry I said mean things to you and Sherlock.”
Leona chuckles. “No Nat, I’m pregnant. In nine months, Diōnē will come out and she will be your baby sister.” She explains. “That’s why Pythia is going to stay, so she can help look after me and her sister.”
Sherlock flinches and rubs his temple as Camille hisses loudly. “She... Camille says that Augustus is to never know that I am hosting her.”
John works him open slowly making sure he's relaxed and ready for more. John stretches him with three fingers.
Carol is helping the kids eat as they pick out what they wanna see next on the map between Nina and Danny.
"Alright. If he gets back before me tell him I've taken Zack and Michael to the circus." She smiles.
"She's six weeks pregnant today. The last time this happened, Moriarty made sure she wouldn't make it to six weeks and a day.."
Sky blushes and crawls over to the men, her tits and belly pulling heavily. She kneels in the middle of them, looking up at them.
She blushes brightly. "I would have misses out on someone who is completely understanding and so compassionate." She kisses him softly.
"At any rate, I think it will all work out eventually." John smiles then checks his watch, "I should get going. I've an early shift tomorrow."
He kisses his cheek and smiles. "You can eat as much as you want. I'll work the calories out of you later." He purrs quietly in his ear and kisses his neck.
Sherlock groans. "For gods sake, John! It's about chemical reactions, there's nothing to do with my pain tolerance."
Margaret hums softly as she goes into the kitchen. “Your friend Greg is quite the spit fire.” She laughs, looking at John and Sherlock as she gets things ready to make dinner.
Sky smirks and licks her lips. "We've asked all of you to be here tonight for a family meet. A rapidly growing family meeting." She purrs and rubs her belly. "And to keep out family growing we'd like all of you to be part of it. Everyone that wants to be pregnant will get knocked up continuously. Fucked and filled and impregnated over and over and over." She moans softly. "When the babies are born we'll find out who won at impregnating. Then he'll be rewarded by getting fucked by everyone. And I mean everyone."
He chuckles and smiles. "See those are from Japan, that's America, Germany, Africa." He hums and points to different screens.
Sherlock hesitantly takes a seat opposite Mycroft at his desk. “Whilst I was in Romania I went to the church. I found the room... the cell Camille was held in. Whilst in there I spoke to myself and... your Sire spoke back to me. Please don’t think I’m insane, Magdala explained that she was the one who managed to bring Camille’s energy back.” He pleades quietly. “We spoke for a bit and she said we would be heavily rewarded if we managed to resurrect her. Sire, I want to request, with your permission, for her to find a way to undo your blood bind with the Watsons. She is the most versed in magic that I can think of.” He explains softly.
“What’re you guys up to?” Anthea smiles. “Trying to get Ronnie to go into labor.” Eli chuckles. “I’ve two weeks over due.” Veronica whines. “She read that muscle stimulation can get things going. So leg rubbing.” Eli smiles.
"Are you sleeping? At all?" She asks as she raises and lowers herself on her arms while in the hand stand.
“So fine. You can tell me it was fighting all you want. You can tell everyone it was about the fighting. But I’ll tell you this. I’ve seen your text history, Dr. Watson. I know the conversations you’ve had when my brother was too busy, when you felt ignored by cases, overwhelmed being a father, stuck in your own sad little depressed nothing ever good happens to me mind set. I know about the woman.” He says the last word low and dangerous.
He blushes brightly at the praise and moans softly as he kisses his neck. "Take me, Daddy. Please please take me.." He begs.
Theadora laughs softly and relaxes. “Oh I’m just back to annoy you. And bring Camille back from the ashes she’s currently living in.” She hums. “Sherlock, Sweetheart. John is probably down the hall. Two doors to the left. Go see him. I’m sure he’s worried.” She smiles softly, after all she helped Mycroft rebuild and ward the Diogenes.
Violet giggles happily and smiles. “Would you like some too?” She smiles and offers an icing covered finger to Chris.
“You’re a telepath for Christ sakes. You could have put something else in his head. You wanted the web for yourself. The web I built with my blood, sweat, and tears.”
"Oh yeah." Collin smirks. Carol blushes brightly and struggles a bit, soon coming so hard her whole body jack knifes and she squirts for ages, soaking down her legs and the sidewalk.
Greg kisses him for every 'I love you' and holds him. "I love you. Always. Not matter what. There's just you for me."
"I'm not going anywhere.." He mumbles against his chest and presses against him afraid to let go as well.
Greg moans and pulls Sherlock closer. "O-oh that's how it is?" He smirks. He tips Sherlock's head up by his chin and let's his eyes flick from Sherlock's to his lips making his intentions perfectly clear. "M-may I?" Greg purrs. John bites his lip and feels his pulse pick up rapidly.
John chuckles. "It's morning and you're still here. I guess I did a good job of holding you to the bed."
John snorts. Bending to kiss Molly's cheek, he also kissed Selene's soft, downy hair. "Good to have you home, Molls." He stood up. "Mrs Hudson, are you coming home with us? Greg? Got a ride?"
He ignores Lestrade’s calls for cases as they already have a case and they’re supposed to be keeping a low profile. He and John argue whether or not they should take a case because they’re supposed to be looking like they’ve given up on the whole soulmate case.
"She said that I couldn't act the was i was just because I got knocked up. I told her I made a a conscious decision to have children with the people I love but she know all about getting knocked up. Then she slapped me. Mycroft told us to make up and she said she'd rather die." She sighs. "Earlier I called Cecil a dirty old man who couldn't keep it in his pants. He and George we arrested for fucking in a public loo and that's what started all this."'
'Mm she's in the early stages of labor, John. Get some sleep. She's going to need you well rested for later..' Sky mumbles sleepily in his head.
“That’s fine. I just forget that’s all, I didn’t want to make you feel different and upset because you’re not.” John says softly.
Sky sighs and sits on the exam table, her belly already rounded from Dark’s pups since they gestate faster.
"They'll have to get used to her," John explains to Sherlock who just nods. "Here love, sit in your chair. I'll get you a pillow to prop behind you so your back doesn't touch."
John smiles and nuzzles him. "I told you he gets very honey about what he likes when he's drunk." John chuckles.
'He did. It was whiskey I think. He said I looked like a girl who liked more than a pretty cocktail.' She giggles.
He nips at her neck as the men watch. “Look at them all. They want you so bad. Want to be inside you.”
John hangs up and goes back into the living room. "Mycroft you need to breath. I have.. my old team on the way. They'll be here within the hour and we'll get Greg back. You need to breath, Mycroft."
She whines a bit and shakes off before turning to face him. ‘So we need to come to an understanding then.’ She licks at his mouth and nuzzles him.
Sherlock nods, spurred on by Mycroft's words. He takes a few more shaky steps until he's in Mycroft's arms.
Most Omegas who joined the military ended up bonded to someone in their unit. As a couple, they'd be given furlough every six months to copulate. The omega was expected to refrain from getting pregnant until they were no longer on active duty, but it gave their body a chance to regulate.
“Loud whore. Need something to keep your mouth busy with?” Another man pushes into her mouth and they both thrust into her.
John found he didn't hate being looked at like an Omega. It was fine, as long as he was Sherlock's omega.
“$100 for arse, $80 for mouth. Extra $50 to come inside, $20 to come on him $50 to piss inside, $20 to piss on him.” Greg smirks.
“Or it could be because my Alpha knocked me up like a bitch in heat!” Sherlock snapped back and instantly looked sorry.
Margaret smiles into the kiss, “as a witch I can... make our baby look any way you want. If you want a boy or a girl, hair colour.” She offers.
He moans and nips at his neck. "I love you. With all of me. Forever." He mumbles against his neck, thrusting his hips up.
He blushes brightly and nods. "That sounds brilliant.." He bites his lip. "I.. I promised Collin that we all could have one more night before we leave for the honeymoon.."
"Oh good everyone's here." Sky says as her back is turned I the door and just before they even enter the room.
She smirks and spreads her legs as she bends over the table. "Give it to me, Daddy." She purrs as she looks back at him.
"Oh yeah. He's a mess. I just went to check on him. John's holding him in bed because he got black out drunk and passed out. Apparently sky has disappeared as well." Greg opens the beer, nearly drinking the whole thing in one go. "I sent Jason home. We need to deal with our shit in house before we fuck up anyone else."
Mycroft frowns deeply. "Sherlock, make sure John's alright." He grabs his coat and follows Greg out.
"Still in shock?" Anthea asks. "No she calculated everything. Everything is exactly as she thought it would be." Yuki hums.
“Yeah. My doctorate is in child psychology and applied therapy though. I volunteer here on the weekends for fun.” She smiles.
“Mm.” Sherlock hums and nods, not looking up from his phone. When the tea is ready he makes it and brings John his mug as well as a package of biscuits he knows John secretly likes when he’s not feeling well.
Mycroft smiles and stands up, offering a hand to Crystal. “Come on then love. Shall we find somewhere quiet?” He asks.
“Don’t be sorry. It’s good to have a second opinion. It’s been so long since I’ve heard someone say what I was feeling.” Margaret smiles and holds out her hand. “I’m Margret. I’m the one that keeps the castle up and running.”
“Three. Two tried to kill me thinking I was a regular human. The other tried to kill Mycroft knowing he was a vampire.” Sherlock answers honestly, back will to Greg as he pulls his shirt back on.
**On it.--Myc** Mycroft goes to the flat and finds the ball. He takes it to the yard and goes to Greg office with the others. "Got it." He holds up the metal ball.
*It's my day off, tomorrow. Meet me at **Desmond & Molly Jones Coffee House** tomorrow at 9am. You can argue your case there.* - JW
John snorts. "As if I need to drink this early in the day." He teased. "This is lovely. No wonder the bathroom smells so good after you have a soak."
John slumps against the pillows, panting hard. "Jesus Christ..." He breathes, looking up at his lover. "You're fantastic..."
“Okay. Let’s see..” Pythia thinks. “Well it was during the height of Rome and we were at the Colosseum. And you caught Cesar’s eye.” She giggles.
"Best years of my life so far." He smiles brightly. "What are we talking about, gents?" Calvin, Anna's husband, asks as he comes over.
"Sorry it was just that was the loudest thing in my head just then and so yeah.." Sky blushes a bit.
Guard Lock, Thanks for straightening that all out, Sherlock. I've been informed that my next paycheck should get deposited into the right account. Shouldn't need you to transfer money after this month. However, if they fail to make the change I'll let you know.
He groans as he hits the ground. He was a bit weaker than normal, the cancer taking a toll on his body.
She blushes and leans up to kiss him. “How about from now on you send me to work full of your cum? And if you get bored you can come top me off again at lunch.” She purrs, her belly presses against him.
"My pleasure." Mycroft stands and goes over to Sherlock. "Mm you did so well, Sherl.." He hums softly as he wraps his hand around Sherlock's cock.
“That’s right. You’re a big girl. Do you want to come, big girl? Your little pussy is so wet.” She thrusts her fingers deeper and rubs her clit.
"Mm do you want is to piss on you one at a time or all at once, you filthy slut?" He bites his neck.
John moans, his hips snapping as Greg rubs his prostate. “Fuck!” He moans, rocking into the pile of cum Sky has in her.
"It isn't easy..." Hank sighs, his breath fogging up his window. "Joann needs me now more than ever. But that bastard hurt her so much she can't even accept my help."
Sherlock waved the people away and grabbed some more bread. "I think we're done...just need milk and we'll go."
Mycroft hides John’s file in a drawer and smoothies down his impeccable suit as he waits for Dr Watson to grace his office.
“Would you like some help with it?” He asks softly, rocking his hip so Pete’s cock can get some friction.
“Ah, see, I was always the one to scare away the nannies. Though, Mycroft did lend a hand in a few.”
Anthea looks at Mycroft and Harry. “You two don’t have to look so nervous. It’s nothing bad. Well, at least I don’t think it’s bad.” She smiles softly.
“I was creating different beaches of government. A few decades later after my last alter ego disappeared I became head of the war department during the first and second world wars.” Mycroft hums.
Sherlock cries out with each thrust, tightening his legs around John's waist. "John! God yes!" He pushes against him as much as he can and screams as he comes hard.
She smiles against his lips and kisses him back. "You already give me everything I need.." She blushes and nuzzles him. "I know the connection works for you as well. When you're distracted your breathing matches mine unconsciously. When you tap your fingers it's to the rhythm of my heartbeat. "You, Doctor, are as in tune with my body as I am with your mind."
“He would but how would we know where her ashes are? Unless... John, do you have them? Does Harry?” Sherlock asks forcefully, he doesnt care about nicities, if John has the ashes then they would get them.
He whimpers and mewls against her, nodding desperately against her. "Yes.. yes.. named him William. He's so perfect."
"Good. That's great." She smiles and squeezes his hand gently. "Should we get cleaned up a bit and go back out?"
Sky drops to her knees and crawls over to him, taking his cock into her mouth unable to help herself.
“Thank you.” Crystal kisses him back deeply. “Is it bad that I want you to fuck me while I have a heartbeat?” She blushes, actually blushes because she has blood pumping through her veins.
John and Joann work in harmony just like they'd done so many years ago. However, instead of John being given small tasks, he pulled his weight. Within an hour they had a feast prepared.
He pulls the blankets over him and hums softly. "Maybe if you take me out first. Make a show of it. Something special."
“It’s alright. Her name was Cora. She was pregnant with our first litter when.. When our pack was attacked. She was one of the first killed. We didn’t know the attack was happening and when we did she was already gone.” He says quietly.
Sky blushes brightly and whines, relaxing her arse around his fingers and keeps her cunt tight around his cock. “How far do you think she can take it down her throat ? All the way to the end?” Violet smirks and has it nearly half way down Sky’s throat.
John stops stops stroking him and holds Mycroft's softening prick in his hand. He kisses Mycroft's neck as he slumps against him. Greg works his finger inside Sherlock and strokes them faster. He bucks his hips into his hand against Sherlock.
