"A BiPAP?" He saw Sherlock freeze in the corner of his eye, his chest the only thing heaving. "Do you think that would help?"
"Uh," he said, staring hard at the ground, "we know the victim was killed in here, because the disinfectant was used on both walls, suggesting blood landed on both when she recieved the blow - because of the size of the room. The room is... the room is small - very small - so the blood hit both because it's... small. Really,
"But Sherlock," John explains, sighing, "mononucleosis is known as the kissing disease."
Sherlock huffs, clenching his fists. "The sofa's been moved. It was shifted when she fell against it- after the killer pushed her down."
"This is not good," he said, gently lowering his friend to the floor. The other student made a small noise of discomfort at the change in position, the ache in his muscles intensifying – even his diaphragm protested when he breathed, and he soon felt as if he was choking.
John was a medical man, after all - he would surely figure it out. Nevertheless, as the elder Holmes left the flat, he stopped briefly, and turned to look affectionately at the long line of his brother's sleeping form upon the sofa. "Look after him, Dr. Watson," he ordered carefully, before sweeping silently from the room.
After all, there was little that could be said or done.
Sherlock Holmes passed away in his sleep the following Tuesday, minutes before May could light her first sun.
John laughed loudly as he keyed in the code to their block, and began muttering about pathetic excuses. The door gave a monotonous beep and clicked open, just as Sherlock rubbed his palms together and shivered.
. A pit had opened below his feet, and he was falling.
he begged, arching and moaning wantonly.
John joined in the rumbling laughter, giggling with his mate as he ruffled Benedict's curls.
as he rode out the rest of his pleasure and panted heavily, nuzzling and licking his mate's jaw in submission.
Sherlock blinked as it clicked. He turned his head, looking a bit comical as he stared at his mate, his face slightly obscured by John's breasts. "Of course," he breathed, "Oh, that's brilliant..." A smile spread across his face and he sat up, upsetting John's laptop and quickly throwing out a hand to prevent it from crashing to the floor. The Alpha set the device gently on the table and kissed his mate. "She won't be able to say no. She loves us, and she'll love our pups. She's always wanted to be a grandmother - it will be perfect. We could call her 'Nana Hudson'..." He beamed happily, his eyes shining. The Alpha nearly jumped up to rush downstairs and ask, but caught himself; it was his Omega's final choice as to who to ask, and when to ask them. He sat back down as soon as he'd lifted a few inches off the cushion. "Would you like to ask her soon?" he said sheepishly.
Sherlock groaned at the words, his face and chest flushing in excitement. "I don't think it's just me who wants it," he purred, letting his hands trail slowly over John's swollen sides. The Alpha spread his legs, allowing his body to sink deeper, wasting no time in pressing his lips to the Omega's dripping entrance.
leak through my suit during the reception... Everyone will know what we're doing, know it’s because you filled me up so much, I can't hold all the milk to feed the number of babies you put in me..." he whispered hotly, rocking on the knot a little more enthusiastically, wanting to come just once more before it deflated. "We'll need to go home as soon as we decently can, as well, I'll have filled with milk again by the end of the reception, you'll have to take me home and suckle at my swollen, dripping breasts until they're empty... Oh god," he moaned, the sheer size of the knot and his fantasies sending him to the edge again.
, that will help keep the pups healthy too. They're growing well, sharing resources, and they're all moving well. I know I'm old to be having a first pregnancy but I still had thirteen eggs left at least, so my age shouldn't be an issue either. Calm yourself, my Alpha. This book is meant for Beta pregnancies anyway," he soothed, rocking him like an overgrown toddler. "If you need proof this pregnancy is strong and thriving, suckle at my breasts, drink the milk that shouldn't even have come in at all for another two months at least. My body made it early to please you," he crooned, opening his shirt to give his mate access. He wasn't full yet but he thought if he was milked now he wouldn't need to be milked again until after dinner.
It was never quite clear who won these debates, both brothers often asserting their own victory over conclusions, but needless to say this argument ended quite differently. Sherlock was barely through his sixty-fourth point when his tongue began sticking to the roof his mouth, and his eyes drew an unfocussed gaze over Mycroft's shoulder. It took the older Holmes a millisecond to deduce what would happen next - but despite all his sociopathy, he would never quite get used to witnessing Sherlock in the throes of a seizure.
"How long?" he asked instead, and John straightened, looking away. He seemed hesitant, but answered.
"Sherlock, mate," the older man says smoothly, taking a step closer to the other's man's hunched swaying figure. "When did you last eat something?"
The Inspector hurries into the room to see a pale Sherlock curled up on the floor, whimpering softly. Sighing, he approaches the detective quietly, placing a hand on his shoulder.
"You're not flushed anymore, so maybe you were right," John said upon entering, knowing full well that it was because the detective had actually paled considerably, and had adopted a grayish tinge. There was no way now that Sherlock could deny his lapse in good health.
Sherlock is claustrophobic.
"I don't –" the room swayed sickeningly, and he threw out a hand to grasp John's knee, anything to ground him. "I don't know –"
"Greg, hi. Is there any chance you could come over?"
"Lovely," he drawled sarcastically, smirking. "I suppose I shall have to hold my nose and bear it. How many shots are socially acceptable?"
"Back to Baker Street," he echoed.
"It's alright, Sherlock. I've called an ambulance. They'll find out what's wrong." He clenched his jaw, eyes pricking. "I should've taken you last night -"
Lestrade stood, rattling the handle. "Is anyone out there? We need to get out - now!"
"No," he agreed wistfully, "of course not."
John does a double take, surprised the detective actually admitted that to him. "Sorry... what?"
"Molly," he breathed, and she stepped closer to hear him. "Please don't – don't do this."
," he whines pitifully, but it seems as if he may be won over. Blinking, he opens his eyes and gives John the most innocent look the doctor has ever seen him give. "But... as soon as I'm better-"
He strained a smile, not trusting himself to laugh, and lay back on the pillows. John brought another from the living room and stuffed it under his curly head, plumping it up in the process. The detective pulled the covers up to this chin, shivering. He looked rather miserable, if John said so himself, and he found himself caressing the younger man's head as a mother would do a sick child. "You are a little warm."
. John smiles sadly, holding his hand out for the tissue so he can dispose of it in the bin. The detective shifts over to the bath and leans against it, closing his eyes. "Please don't let it last months."
The taller boy coughed, bringing a hand up to scratch at his neck. "That's not what people usually say."
The detective just blinks at him. He doesn't look amused.
"My arms," he whispered, and then the offending limbs shifted as if holding themselves out for John to inspect. "Itches." John unbuttoned the sleeves and rolled the soft cotton up to reveal his friend's pale forearms. There was no rash, no mosquito bites - simply a map of track marks spattered across the crooks of his elbows, plucked by a young cartographer. The doctor's hands ghosted over the scars, and he could hardly imagine what Sherlock must be dreaming about. "'M trying," he breathed sadly into the pillow, and John's heart clenched.
than usual, for Watson saw before his naked eye Sherlock Holmes' frame become even slighter.
"No more fun?"
Sherlock, John, Lestrade and Donavan all turned too late to see the bathroom door fall shut, the wood crashing into the frame and causing them all to jump. They had wandered in there to examine some evidence - a victim had been found in a disabled public loo outside ASDA, just over two days ago, and they had intended to reevaluate the scene. Lestrade sighed, walking over. "Nothing to worry about, it's just the wind."
"You're sick."
"It's too small in here for three of us," he said eventually, setting the glass, half-empty, down on the white tile. "You two should leave – I'm going to shower."
"Sherlock-" He laid him on his back, slapping his cheek. "Come on, wake up." He looked up at Sally. "Good timing. Call a bloody ambulance."
When John walked into the bedroom, he didn't know what he expected - perhaps Sherlock rattling off some deductions as Irene bargained for her phone back - but what he did find didn't entirely surprise him. The detective was sprawled out on the floor, trying in vain to lift himself up, whilst The Woman made a beeline for the bathroom.
"Shh," Molly soothed as he burped again, this time spitting some bile into the bowl. He hung there for a while more, though it seemed to be over, saliva hanging from his mouth in a precarious string.
"Mike Stamford says Klute is fun," John suggested, packing up his notes. "But we need to bring an old pair of shoes if we go. Apparently you step in all kinds of shit."
"I can take a look ov -"
Lestrade slaps Sherlock's cheek gently, trying to rouse him. "Come on mate, you've had worse. We only need you awake for a minute," he bargains, sliding a straw in the carton. Sherlock's eyes seem to blink, before opening half way. He lets out a sort of frustrated moan, as if upset to be found on the floor, and John would have laughed had the situation not been so serious. "That's it. Can you suck on this?" He places the straw in Sherlock's mouth and the detective begins pulling on the liquid automatically. "Good, good. You're almost there."
Light had begun seeping through the window, an eerie, bluish hue, when Sherlock's breathing finally calmed and they drifted into a much-needed slumber.
woman!"
"People will talk," he said, looking at Lestrade's sopping wet shirt and the way John's hair was stuck to his forehead. The three started laughing, until Sherlock dissolved into a coughing fit and his friends had to calm him down.
"No, they don't, they shouldn't-" he's interrupted by a pair of chapped lips on his- the kiss is brief, but it's the best kiss John's ever experienced. It's simple, it's silent- and it's glorious.
"Thirty-eight point six." John gave him a look. "I'm
"What about last night?" John felt bad for drilling him – he could feel the heat radiating from Sherlock's hand through his pyjama pants. "How did you feel last night?"
"Wipe him down with this," the doctor ordered, clambering in and resuming his post behind his best friend. Greg did as he was told, washing Sherlock's shivering frame and whispering word's of comfort as he did so. A few minutes later, when he was gently cleaning Sherlock's shoulders, the man himself looked up and watched wearily.
John knelt beside him, examining his eyes. The detective continued to struggle against the power of the drug. "Sherlock, can you hear me?"
"John?"
"Yes, you're great." Sherlock's head slumped. "Now I'll be next door if you need me."
"This is
Sherlock can't reply- he's too busy lunging for the toilet once more.
"No," he snapped, digging his fingernails into his arm. "Of course not."
His flat mate did not deign to grace him with an answer.
"I hope you don't mind semi-skimmed," he said lightly. "Didn't think to call ahead and ask for a preference. Bought a green one out of habit – it's what the wife likes."
The budding doctor spent the rest of the day jumping between studying, and picking an outfit for the evening. He'd been out plenty of times already, but this would be his first time out with
"You should go home for now, let this all sink in." The doctor smiled gently, and it suited him well. "We'll start treatment on this ward at nine thirty tomorrow morning."
Sherlock looks up at the ceiling. "And?"
Around lunch Sherlock's fever had rocketed to forty point two, and despite John's original threats, Sherlock's slurred pleading had stopped him from calling an ambulance. Instead, he had been kneeled down next to the sofa with a bowl of water and a cloth, wiping down the detectives face as he shivered and moaned, caught between sleep and consciousness. John wasn't surprised that Sherlock's body had rebelled so - for one, he barely ate or slept, but he also never got sick. So, when he did, it was bad.
The first time John experienced one of Sherlock's asthma attacks it was in a predictable situation - during a chase. Both doctor and detective were weaving in and out of the London streets when Sherlock hurled himself against a wall; flattening his back against it and letting his legs slide from beneath him until he was sat, white and panting, on the floor.
"I have some peach schnapps, you can mix it with lemonade..." he paused. "And some Tesco's vodka?"
When he did awake, Sherlock's first reaction was panic. They had not removed the ventilator, and so the young man had weakly fumbled with the machine, BP increasing in tempo as he watched John with wide, fearful eyes. The other student hushed him, whispering soothing words and taking his hands away from the equipment. He massaged Sherlock's palms with his own, shaking fingers.
John stoops down to assess the corpse, snapping on the plastic gloves shoved his way by the forensic team. Carefully, he probes the victim's head, sucking in a breath of stank air. "Wound to the back of the head, likely afflicted by a blunt object. Fractured skull, bruising..." John turns to Sherlock, watching him circle the body like a vulture. He has yet to say anything.
It's Sherlock's turn to change expression. It darkens. "John, mononucleosis can last from two weeks to months at a time."
Sherlock's drug use catches up to him in a very serious way.
Sherlock is on a case and experiences a migraine. Turns out, they aren't uncommon for him. Lestrade helps him out.
"And it's barely even December," John added, scratching briefly at his stubble. "Some people with asthma struggle more with the cold than others."
John grit his teeth. This wasn't fair. It shouldn't be allowed. A week was not enough time to constitute this much worry.
"He will." Both men turned to stare at Molly, who blushed colourfully. "I – I mean, I know he will. I'll –"
"You gonna be sick?" The detective nods. "Right. Over there, then."
Sherlock looked as if he wanted to slap him - how would
Sherlock cleared his throat, leaning in until they were inches apart. "I don't know much about music," he shouted over the racket, "but isn't this supposed to be a sad song?"
Sherlock has a hypo. John didn't know.
Both jumped as there was a loud
"Yes." Sherlock glanced nervously to the left, uncomfortable. "I have a knack for observation."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't like showing weakness," he muttered, playing with the collar of his shirt. "And I know, at times, my anger at the situation hurt you. And my callousness – it was all, uh, a defence. I just wanted you to know that not a second went by that I didn't – that I don't – appreciate you."
Sherlock shuddered. "Foul. What else?"
"Nh," he mumbles, curling in tighter on himself. "Working."
Immediately after, Sherlock Holmes and John Watson became, on some level, friends. They soon discovered that they shared two lectures a week together, and John found himself banging on Sherlock's door on both occasions so that they wouldn't be late. As it turned out, Sherlock Holmes was quite disorganised, and despite his genius, was often found running into vital seminars half-an-hour late, and with one shoe on. In-between lectures, the two spent their first week in the library, studying and chatting about their home lives, until Saturday soon approached, and they came to an important decision – that they must act like normal university students, and go out on the town.
"You're very lucky, Sherlock," Lestrade says, helping him sit up and lean against the wall. "It could've been much worse."
"Holy hell, Sherlock." He gave him a thump on the back as his friend coughed drily into a fist. "You're scaring me. When did you get sick?"
"Is it a migraine?" he asks, and Sherlock grunts in reply. "You worked yourself too hard again, didn't you? I said not to come out when you have a migraine."
"But it might not have hurt anymore."
John blinked dumbly, and then once more. He cleared his throat, letting his spoonful of mash fall unceremoniously back onto his plate, splattering the toffee pudding sitting slovenly in the corner of his tray. Sherlock sipped his squash quietly, using his fork to push his food around. "I..." John rubbed his hands along his knees, astonished. "We've... only met each other twice." The other man grunted dismissively. "And you got all that from just... two tiny conversations?"
Well. It meant disaster.
The man at the end of the phone seemed to ponder her words for a while. There was only the sound of her stuttered breathing, and Aragog's continuous purring. She prodded the cat with her foot, and received a coarse lick in return.
The detective gasped, hanging limply in their arms. Straightening, the two men manoeuvred him around the mess and up to the front door of 221B Baker Street, Sherlock merely a deadweight in between them.
, "Mycroft?"
Common, but deadly. For Sherlock, it came on suddenly, incubating slowly in his body after Fresher's Week, before cruelly and suddenly overpowering his immune system. John wonders if he himself had carried it, at the back of his throat, and had passed it on when he'd first met Sherlock outside the bathroom.
The doctor gripped Sherlock's hand as he came to several minutes later, eyes more grey than blue and staring somewhere past John's knee. The smaller man rubbed his shoulder soothingly as he moaned, his fingers sliced with shards of glass from the floor. Feeling helpless, the doctor began picking them out with his bare hands, wincing in the moments Sherlock remained unresponsive to the jagged crystals being pulled from his skin. Sherlock glanced up at him, mouth moving gently and silently, still very much limp on the cold kitchen floor.
Sherlock placed his own hand over John's, and held it there, breathing quietly through the mask.
Sherlock was hardly able to hold himself upright. He was pale and withered, bracing himself on toilet seat as he leant down, panting harshly. He didn't seem to have noticed Greg, head so he low he was practically in the basin, and flinched once when Molly reached over and began rubbing circles on his back.
"Four," he shouted, voice gruff. "Detective Inspector Lestrade and Sargeant Donavan, with Doctor John Watson and Sherlock Holmes."
"Get a glass of water," she threw over her shoulder, and then she was gone.
Holmes' glare was so sharp it would have cut through the window-glass, had the window not already been swung wide and allowing the sluggish passage of sour air into the room. Dr. Watson returned to the page, lifting his chin and clearing his throat. "
He sighs irritably. "I said, I think you may have come up with a good idea... for
"Why didn't you tell me you were claustrophobic?"
"And what is it they usually say?"
When he finished, he was so out of it he almost fell into the basin. "Woah there," John yelped, putting it aside and hauling the detective upright. Sherlock moaned miserably when John laid him back against the cushions, and the soldier felt a pang of sympathy when he winced at the painful clenching of his internal organs. "It's alright Sherlock, I'll get you a glass of water. Oh, and we need to check that fever."
Sally and Phillip spit in Sherlock's drink. Ew.
Extension on the scene from Scandal in Belgravia - so spoilers.
John clenched his fists. "The one they sent letters about. The one you were supposed to have before university, because it prevents
most nights, sometimes longer than John, and the doctor couldn't tell if it was stress or something worse. His only consolation was that the symptoms didn't match up to a relapse - in fact, Sherlock seemed to be the opposite of high; in his worst moments adopting the character of someone old, and perhaps even
A brave approach by Doctor John Watson, very brave indeed. A blunt proposal, a sharp observation made by an obstinate practitioner. He was daring, making a statement- an
Said cat screeched unhappily as she nudged him from her lap and crawled over to the other end of the sofa to answer her phone. In all honestly, she had expected to be summoned back to Baker Street much sooner, and may have enjoyed the radio silence more than she liked to admit. She had been Sherlock's caretaker for three of his cycles now, and she was
"Sherlock?" John peered over at him, frowning. No, the detective was very much still unconscious. He watched as Sherlock swallowed instinctively, and closed his eyes in defeat. "Over we go," he sighed, Lestrade's only warning as he bent Sherlock forward just in time for him to vomit noisily onto the pavement.
A little girl's cry interrupted his monologue, and John gasped, having temporarily forgotten his daughter. "Oh, I -" his hands left Sherlock's, and he found himself clambering down the stairs and knocking frantically at Mrs Hudson's door. Already roused by the commotion, the older lady appeared quickly in a dressing gown, concerned.
(See the end of the chapter for
By the second week, John is ready to shoot himself.
He drew out two large black films, and laid them out on the desk. Molly leaned over to inspect each of them, and then shot Sherlock a wide grin when both appeared in order.
Sherlock completed his sixth and final cycle weeks behind schedule. His cold had grown into full-blown pneumonia, and for a while it was touch-and-go. Mycroft had flown his parents in from Scotland to say goodbye, only to be slapped forcefully by none other than Molly Hooper herself.
Mycroft was standing at the end of the bed. "They had to treat the wounds on his back," he commented distastefully, gesturing with his umbrella. John swallowed thickly, regarding the fresh bandage and the unsettling protrusion of his friend's spine with something akin to horror.
"Uh, dunno. I'm sort of working. Why, what's wrong?"
Sherlock's breathing quickened, and John swore. "Slow, Sherlock. Keep it slow."
The detective was sitting on the edge of the bed, elbows resting on his knees and his rescue inhaler hovering in front of him. His eyes shone in the faint light from the window, watering, and John approached him slowly, sinking onto the soft mattress beside him. He seemed to be trying to control his urge to cough, inhaling and exhaling slowly and shakily - he was distinctly aware that panicking would only make it worse. And yet, colds always worried him.
"No," Sherlock stated simply, weaving through the police force to face the door. "No," he repeated, slamming his fists against the wood. "Is anyone there? I'm stuck in here with a bunch of imbeciles!"
John barely had time to press the dial button before his first and only friend at university began seizing.
But there was something about him that just screamed loneliness. Something in the pale regard of his eyes, subdued by a satin sadness when no one was looking. It reminded her of her dad, when he'd been dying of the same disease. And she'd be damned if she ever ignored such a desperate plea again.
"Don't get your knickers in a twist," John said. rolling his eyes. "We can just call someone."
"Mr Watson?"
John laughed. "Well, yeah. But they won't even let me in the bloody room, so,
The doctor did not respond – it did not feel appropriate. But he did reach across the side table that stood between them, resting a calloused hand atop the arm of Holmes' chair. Not quite touching the man himself, but bridging the distance.
"Please, do."
Needless to say, John was right.
Lestrade winced at the language. Sherlock had never been known to swear. But, as the younger man retched loudly again, whole body arching over as he struggled unsuccessfully to fetch up anything substantial, he supposed at this point Sherlock was allowed some liberties.
"Please?"
"I'll go get a flannel," John stated, turning to leave. "Keep him upright?"
He nodded, cheek turned into the pillow. His complexion almost matched the off-white colour, his pale eyes hooded and bruised. "I knew it would come some-day."
The doctor met his gaze a little sharply, letting his book fall slowly into his lap. "Holmes," he breathed, "whatever for?"
Sherlock broke out in a cold sweat, and his lips started to chap in fear. He threw one of his hands out and moaned - John caught his fingers between his own, frowning. The detective turned meekly onto his side, curling up just a fraction. "No, please," he slurred, digging his nails into John's palm. "Hurts..."
"We'll test it again in another few minutes," he says, digging in his pockets once more. "A juice carton won't be enough though." He directs his next question to the small gathering of officers behind the yellow tape. "Has anyone got anything sugary on them?"
John was glad she had prepared them. He had to look away upon seeing Sherlock, who seemed more tubes than person, but the tell-tale hiss of the ventilator disallowed him his own preservations. Mycroft huffed quietly, before murmuring something about speaking with the doctors, and leaving the room. John wondered if he, too, could not bear the sight of the man on the bed.
He turned back to his best friend, moving him into the recovery position. "He was breathing too fast, and now he's passed out," John muttered, checking pupil responses. "Wet a paper towel with some water," he ordered, speaking to no one in particular. Lestrade did so, handing it to the doctor.
"Sherlock?" There isn't a response, only a slight shudder, but before he can say anything else, Lestrade is next to him. The DI remains calm, one hand frozen in his pocket - his concern only flickers slightly in his gaze.
It was in this moment that John Watson realised that, perhaps, Sherlock Holmes would die. And John wasn't sure that, if this happened, he could risk ever making a friend here again.
And with that, The Woman pushed off from the edge of the bath and toppled out of the window.
"How did I get here?"
He hadn't done what he wanted to do. Hadn't proved himself yet. Might not ever get the chance, now, to be a somebody.
Sherlock growls, an inky curl falling over his sweaty forehead. "Absolutely not."
"The chair wasn't stable, or you weren't?" John snickered, walking over and holding out an arm. The detective scowled darkly, taking John's hand and allowing the good doctor to haul him to his feet. "You're not supposed to be up. What was your temperature?"
Ten minutes later Lestrade could be heard clambering up the stairs, and John tucked some cushions behind the detective so he could get the door. "Bloody hell," the Inspector commented upon seeing Sherlock, and John was almost expecting a snarky remark from his flat mate. Sherlock hadn't even registered Lestrade's arrival. Sighing, John took him under the arms. "Can you get his legs?" He asked, and Greg scooped him up under the knees. "Try not to jostle him about too much," John said as Sherlock moaned, causing both the doctor and the Inspector to grimace. Between them, they carried him to the bathroom.
"I believe it's a sort of food." He opened his door. "And well... All food here means potatoes. There appears to be little else at dinner-time."
"Yes?"
"Thank Christ for that," he said as he strode past. His voice was husky and deep, leaving John's bladder momentarily forgotten. He frowned.
At the request of Holmes' older brother, they were to move to one of his estates in the country. It was a last resort, in the hopes that the fresh air and sweet quiet would lead to an impossible recovery. In all truth, Watson was willing to try anything, even if the sight of Sherlock Holmes, now frail in his common suit and unable to carry his own luggage, did little to comfort him.
Minutes later, the paramedics had whisked him away. And Molly, catatonic from Sherlock's parting words, was picked up by Lestrade, who drove her home and stayed the night.
Sherlock looked up at him blearily, head sinking with the weight of exhaustion. "Of course I'll be fine. I
The rash presented on Sherlock's lower back, and on the third day of his hospitalisation, it began to bleed. John, after being cleared by the doctors, had left to attend one of his afternoon lectures – when he returned, Sherlock had been rolled onto his side, the IV, catheters and ventilator adjusted to accommodate this new position. He looked even frailer, this way.
And as the leaves began to decompose that autumn, John kept a watchful eye on his friend. The breathing did appear to get a little worse, but, thankfully, Sherlock combatted it in every way he could. He brought out a new inhaler, one John now noticed he purposefully took every morning - a red one, as well as his usual turquoise, thus a combination of a corticosteroid and an LABA. If he were to leave the flat for a case, he would wind a thick scarf around his neck and lower face, a muffler to humidify the air he breathed. John also watched as he became progressively more germ-aware, washing his hands at every given opportunity and wearing latex gloves around the bodies in the morgue. John picked up on these changes and he, himself, took special measures to avoid catching flu for Sherlock's sake.
"Oh, nice. The cold shoulder, I presume?"
"Well, if it goes over forty I'm taking you to a hospital," John countered, and Sherlock's head snapped up. Big mistake. Another wave of vertigo and nausea hit him and, wimpering pitifully, he let John hold the bucket out for him once more as he hung his head over the rim and coughed up his stomach contents.
"Not the time for dramatics," he said, bending and lifting his friend from under the arms. Sherlock moaned, long and low, before falling sideways into the doorway, breathing heavy, measured breaths.
"Sherlock!" John snapped authoritatively, and the detective stilled, looking up at him dazedly. The doctor turned back to the white coat, jaw set. "What do you plan to do?"
Sherlock smirks, but shakes his head. "I'm slightly offended by your tone of surprise, but no, I haven't." John blushes, thankful Sherlock hadn't noticed how ridiculously jealous his exclamation had sounded. "Anderson has mononucleosis and he kissed Sally. When Sally found out she had it she spat in my coffee. It transfers through saliva."
A sunnier Friday morning in the last week of April began with Holmes struggling to rise from bed. Watson found him, dreadfully pale once more, emaciated, and in terrible pain where he lay stiff on his back.
"It's nine," she said, glancing at the clock. "I don't usually sleep 'til – it doesn't matter, sorry. What's wrong?"
"How?" Sherlock replies, falling for John's bait. The doctor grins, sitting beside him.
Sherlock's AEDs worked effectively for the majority of his youth, and his epilepsy became a part of him he could quietly manage with little upheaval. But despite his protests, any time his brother was home he would follow him into his bedroom, always there to speak gently to him when he came round, and provide painkillers for the headache that ensued. Despite the angry glares he would often shoot his senior, he was secretly grateful for the company when he woke up stiff and disorientated. And sometimes, although he was too stubborn to admit it, he did need that extra help getting into bed.
"I can tell you care about him," Lestrade stated, and he didn't flinch when John flushed furiously, an argument already half way to his lips. The DI shook his head. "That's not what I mean. I care about him, too." He nodded to affirm this. "It just means you've become friends pretty fast. Which is... good. He needed someone to come along and... befriend him."
"Tomorrow." The word was final. "I need... bed." He stood up slowly, his chair left leaning against the table haphazardly as he wandered drearily off to his bedroom down the hall. John watched him go, taking note of the time - eight twenty-one - and vowed to take him to the hospital in the morning for a check up. After all, it could wait just a bit longer.
"You... are, Mr Watson, correct?"
"Time," Watson parroted back into the silence, suddenly confronted with the terrible notion of how little they had left.
"Alright," he replied, and felt his body, detached, rise from the chair. He also heard himself say something resembling thanks, but he wasn't sure if he truly meant it. And as he stood, Mycroft's gentle hand at his elbow, he took in the office for the first time; the collection of smiling photos on the wall, the thank you notes pinned to a large corkboard, the awards trapped behind the glass of a small cabinet. And he thought, with every life saved, there had to be some lives lost. But they weren't here. They weren't immortalised on Dr. Wilson's wall. They were numbers, lost in spreadsheets, buried deep in medical records – and in sod.
"Jesus. What are you doing?"
"The dust?" John supplied unhelpfully, standing to his feet. The hiss of his medicine whistled through the air, but still Sherlock struggled. John kneeled beside him, pushing his shoulders back and straightening his neck. "Don't panic. It'll only make it worse."
"Absolutely," he muttered, reaching for the mug. He had barely raised it to his lips when it slid out of his hand and stained the carpet. Shaking, he folded himself over and groaned. "Oh God..."
"I know what you have come to ask, Dr. Watson," he began, clearing his abused throat. "I thought perhaps I could avoid this a while longer, but it appears not."
"Shh," John soothed as Sherlock opened his eyes blearily and coughed, groaning as he retched, bringing up nothing but the water he'd drunk. John helped him sit up so he wouldn't choke, and left him that way while he went to empty the basin. When he returned, his flat mate sat shaking, bile staining his shirt and trousers.
The second time something was amiss was when they were climbing the stairs to the flat, chips cradled in their hands. Suddenly, in the middle of the hallway, Sherlock stopped, and John had to consciously make an effort not to knock him over. The detective's form was hunched, a shaking hand still holding the chips and another pressed lightly to his chest. John watched as the colour drained once more from his face, washed-out eyes flickering left and right.
Getting Sherlock into the police car hadn't been so difficult - with Lestrade's help they managed to shove the lanky detective into the back seat with only minimal head bumping - the real problem began soon after they pulled up to the flat. John had just balanced Sherlock on one shoulder - Lestrade taking charge of the other - when his friend groaned miserably, feet dragging and eyes still resolutely shut.
It was small cell lung cancer – Sherlock honestly hadn't realised there were different types – and they weren't even sure if it had been solely the smoking that had caused it, or if the tobacco had simply ignited a predisposition. If he recalled, both of his grandparents on his father's side had passed after unfruitful battles with various cancers, though his father was yet to submit.
, but even he knew how useless his advice would be. Sherlock was lost in a hurricane of confusion and fear, the air - if he was even getting any - barely making even a sound against his lips.
The DI pulled on the door, grunting. "Give me a hand, Sally?" She got up, shooting Sherlock a wary look. "On three," her boss ordered, pushing down on the handle. "One, two- three!" They tugged the door hard, feet sliding on the linoleum. It doesn't move. They stepped away, gasping. "It won't budge. They'll have to break the bolt from the outside."
There was nothing but the crackling sound of his lungs as he regarded the older man, eyes almost as sharp as they had once been, a long time ago. And then he nodded, and held his doctor's gentle gaze until he fell asleep.
John picked up the discarded syringe from beside his friend. "What's this? What have you given him?" He leaned in closer, watching as Sherlock blinked dozily. "Sherlock?"
Sherlock responded with a rather desperate wheeze, pressing one hand to his chest whilst another scrabbled around his coat - John forgot completely about the criminal they were chasing and stared bewildered at the detective. The way his breaths were coming, like the oxygen had turned to tar around them, it almost sounded like...
He was right, of course. He could handle wiping bile off Sherlock's chin every now and then, checking his pupils for dilation and keep him somewhat hydrated. He had expected all of this. What he hadn't expected were the
"It used to be quite serious," Mycroft said solemnly, leaning back onto his desk. "Often his attacks would land him in hospital - when the inhaler wasn't enough."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Sherlock?" John yelled in surprise, sprinting over to kneel down next to his newly acquired friend. "What's wrong?"
"Nope," Sherlock said, popping the 'p'.
"You can only spray it in a ventilated area - are you trying to choke us John?" his flatmate growled, marching to the other side of the room again. The doctor raised his eyebrows. Yes, Sherlock could be nasty sometimes, but that was completely unnecessary - it wasn't John's fault they were trapped in here.
John scoffed – he'd been staring at the opposite wall aimlessly for hours, a minute hardly mattered. He took the opportunity to swig his coffee, and almost spat it back into the cup.
"Perhaps I should become more expected," the consulting detective mused, a crooked smirk adorning his mouth, "in order to become unexpected once more."
"How can his skinny arse be so heavy?" Lestrade panted once the detective had been deposited in the bath tub. John was too preoccupied to answer, and after stripping Sherlock down to his pants, turned the shower on and watched as it spurted out in a fountain of cool water. His flat mate cried out when it pelted his back, and John winced, knowing that to Sherlock it probably felt like millions of ice shards penetrating his flesh.
The doctor did all he could to soothe his friend, rubbing circles into his hands and wiping at his sallow face, but it seemed the drug wasn't relinquishing its hold - eventually, John opted to hushing him softly, warming his chilled fingers between his calloused palms. Half an hour of misery passed before the tears subsided, and Sherlock curled and sniffled, shoulders relaxing, and appeared to collapse I tiredly into a more restful sleep.
The boy popped his head around the doorjamb, eyebrow raised. "Sherlock Holmes," he said shortly, before snapping the door shut.
And he did, only to be sent into panic again five minutes later. And this is how it went for a long while - John working hard with him to slow his breathing, only for Sherlock to begin gasping again soon after.
He stumbled across it accidentally, when a case landed them in (quite literally) a tight situation.
"I thought I should let you know."
Set in a post-John era. Sherlock at twenty-two is diagnosed with small cell lung cancer. Molly Hooper cares for him... deeply.
And Sherlock despised him for it.
John couldn't help but smile. "Have you figured out what 'scran' means yet?"
After a painstaking five minutes, Sherlock's finished the carton, and he seems a little more lucid. Blinking, he looks around him, eyes finally clashing with John's. The doctor's gaze is a cross between worry and anger, and Sherlock isn't looking forward to the conversation that's going to precede this untimely event.
"Last night," John supplies, looking over the body once again. Several seconds pass, and John wonders at the silence. Anderson's turned up, and no one has said anything. No - Anderson's turned up, and
Greg laughed. "Don't I know it."
It had been a worst-case scenario, coming down one morning to find him twisted in the throes of a violent fever. He was too immunocompromised, and Baker Street, no matter how many times Molly scrubbed it clean, was no longer sufficient. She had immediately called an ambulance, and held his hand whilst they waited for its arrival.
"Just give it a chance, Sherlock!" John looked a little exasperated, and the other man immediately felt guilty. It wasn't fair for him to ruin John's good time...
"Ms. Hooper –"
"What for?"
"Oh, no, Sherlock –" she pushed herself up onto her knees, at a loss. The Holmes' brothers rarely ever showed emotion, although it wasn't hard to tell that Sherlock was the more passionate of the two. They were private, stoic people, and to cry so openly –
Warnings for panic/anxiety attacks.
"John, wait –"
"You alright mate?" John asked, rushing over and placing his hand on his friend's shoulder. Sweat laced his forehead, and he blinked rapidly.
She got up, and began collecting her things. Aragog eyed her warily from his spot beneath the coffee table. "I'm sorry," she whispered, reaching down to scratch behind his ears. "You're going to have to stay with Mr. Dipper again." He mewled despondently. "Oh, hush. I know you like him. He gives you fresh tuna out the can, even when I tell him not to."
The doctor raises his head to say something, but stops short when he sees Sherlock leaning gently on the wall. It's almost not noticeable, the slight shake of his frame, but John sees it, his medical eye catching it within milliseconds. It's not long before he's on his feet, but he keeps his distance, aware of how the detective feels about physical touch.
It's at this point Anderson knows something's wrong. Shifting nervously, he runs outside, searching for Lestrade. He finds the DI going over the details of the case with Sally. "Greg," he says once he slides to a stop in front of him. "It's Sherlock. He doesn't look good."
"But... you needed... help," Sherlock forces out through clenched teeth, digging his nails into the floor. "Case."
The older man smirked. "I'm Mycroft Holmes, Sherlock's older brother. I was called upon his admission. Might you update me on his condition?"
"What is it they call it now?" Holmes' lips tilted up minutely into a sort of sickly smile, skin so eerily pale it could have been luminescent. "The White Death. The Robber of Youth. Cons –"
"There isn't much to be done." He was so nonchalant, as if he hadn't just shattered Watson's little world into millions of pieces. Watson wanted to feel angry, but in this sliver of time, in their pocket of space, he felt nothing but bottomless
Holmes frowned. "You misunderstand me, Dr. Watson. I do not dare suggest there is no beauty in death – there surely is – I undertook this profession hence. But tuberculosis is so... commonplace, so unimaginative. One could perhaps say,
John swore by the afternoon that Baker Street was the new hell.
Phillip closes his eyes briefly, trying to contain the sudden onslaught of rage. "If there's something you're not telling us, Freak-"
Once the youngest of the three was positioned properly beneath he duvet, the greying inspector sanded his hands together. "Right. Sherlock's been drugged and I've just had to arrest several Americans. All in a day's work, eh?" John laughed. "I've got to go. You can take things from here?"
John thought back to an hour previously, when the detective had been weeping pitifully into his pillow, and wondered how much truth was actually in that statement. As horrifying as the experience had been, it was probably for the best - now, the doctor knew how closely he should be watching his friend. For the moment, he decided to humour him.
The man looked around the chair, a bit disappointed. Then got up and moved to the sofa.
Sherlock obviamente não precisava da barra para apoiar a perna. John sentiu um arrepio na base da coluna, descendo até seu quadril, quando Sherlock lhe deu um meio sorriso antes de levantar uma das pernas até atingir 90 graus, com pouco ou nenhum esforço. E foi mais longe subindo a perna um pouco mais, inclinando o torso para o lado oposto levemente. A boca do capitão salivou, e ele se aproximou como se houvesse um imã entre eles.
“Livre-se desse protetor” Sherlock murmurou.
John fez que sim e - sem metade da graça de Sherlock - pôs o tornozelo sobre a barra. Havia ganhado um pouco de flexibilidade com essas três semanas de aula, claro. Não tinha mais dificuldade nesse movimento.
“Poderia ser” Irene riu. “Se você tentasse pedir o telefone do senhor capitão, talvez fosse você a sair no sábado à noite”.
A ideia era tentadora demais. Livrar-se da proteção rígida que agora tornara-se dolorosa contra seu membro teso. Rapidamente puxou o protetor rígido de dentro da calça de lycra. O alívio foi instantâneo. Ao virar-de se volta para dar atenção ao dançarino novamente, reparou pelo espelho que sua ereção nunca fora tão óbvia quanto agora. Ergueu os olhos para Sherlock, que parecia perdido admirando-o.
Sherlock quase - quase - revirou os olhos. Foi por muito pouco. Chegou a fechar os olhos por alguns segundos, resistindo à tentação. Era óbvio que não era o melhor dançarino da Royal Ballet. Não estava nem entre os 20 melhores. Na frente dele estavam, bem, todo o time profissional. A diferença é que estava disposto a ensinar de forma voluntária.
He hadn't sent a single letter or phonecall. The bastard. Not even when his daughter was born, not even to ask if everything was okay. So he didn't ask. For a very long time. It seemed like it was very easy for Sherlock to simply disappear without notice. After all, it was the second time he did that. And he didn't want to hear the excuse that, in his defense, he warned him that they'd never speak again. He knew better, though. They couldn't be apart forever, Sherlock would come back eventually. After six months or so. He'd be back. If not for John, for London, for everything he loved most.
John dobrou o dedo levemente. Havia estudado medicina demais pra não saber como encontrar uma próstata com facilidade. Mordeu seu próprio lábio inferior antes de assistir a reação de Sherlock.
Assim que a aula se encerrou, John enrolou um bom tempo para arrumar suas coisas. Quando levantou-se, ele era o último do time na sala. Sherlock também estava ali, arrumando sabe-se lá o quê no armário.
“Como que eu vou fazer isso? Eu nem sei se ele é gay, Greg. Eu nem sei…”
"Hey, mate. I'm the last renter." John said, raising a hand. "Sorry, I was just nostalgic. John Watson."
“Podemos começar com o alongamento. Tenho me sentido meio retesado. Meio duro”.
Sherlock muito claramente se espantou. Ele, que raramente deixava transparecer suas emoções, ergueu ambas as sobrancelhas e virou-se para buscar outro protetor. Voltou com um maior, mais rígido, voltado para lutas, e não ballet.
"Mycroft?" John said, confused and honestly surprised by the visit. He threw away the dirty diaper and washed his hands, while Mary picked Lisa up. "Did something happen?".
Sherlock só aguentou manter-se aberto para John na primeira lambida. Foi mais que o suficiente para que soltasse e voltasse a segurar-se barra, apoiando a testa sobre ela. Porém, manteve as pernas abertas e John tomou seu lugar mantendo espaço para seu rosto se enfiar ali. Sua língua circulava a entrada de Sherlock, movendo-se conforme os gemidos lhe guiavam. Descobriu que ele gostava quando lambia seu períneo, ou quando intercalava com mordidas gentis às suas nádegas. Percebera também que os gemidos ficavam sem fôlego e mais altos quando John passava um dedo tentadoramente pela abertura umedecida por sua saliva. Sentia que Sherlock movia-se para trás cada vez, tentando John a arriscar enfiar o dedo.
“Vocês têm algum...um que seja… talvez um número só… maior que esse?” ele perguntou, limpando a garganta algumas vezes.
“Agora nós vamos tentar o espacate” disse Sherlock. E sem grandes esforços, o bailarino desceu até o chão, pernas abertas ao máximo, em 180 graus. Atrás dele, no espelho, John via o formato das costas do instrutor, e com algum esforço, a forma com que seu bumbum ficou. Firme, e com os músculos tensionados.
"What? What do you mean?".
So boringly fine.
Era a última aula da terceira semana. Sexta-feira. Eles só viriam a se encontrar na segunda, caso seguissem sem trocar telefones durante o fim de semana. John estava decidido a não deixar isso acontecer.
The man raised his eyes to John and then shrugged.
"He's there, isn't he?"
Dentre as várias coisas que se passaram na cabeça de John, ele decidiu optar pelo silêncio. Qualquer coisa que dissesse seria imprópria agora. Ao invés disso, ele simplesmente fez que sim com a cabeça e tomou o kit para ir se vestir.
Mycroft looked down, moving the umbrella. "He's… fine. Very fine. Better than ever, I'd say.".
"What? No. " Mycroft said, almost offended. "Believe me, I wish he was, at least I'd have someone to piss off."
O capitão aceitou o convite silencioso. Aproximou-se por trás e pôs as mãos na cintura do dançarino, que era mais alto, mas não o suficiente para que não conseguisse fazê-lo arrepiar os pêlos da nuca com um beijo bem aplicado em seu pescoço.
"A gift." Mycroft answered, resting the umbrella on the floor. "Sherlock apologizes for not being here for the baby. He wanted to give her something."
"Yeah, well, mate, you're out of luck. That's not his chair." John invented. "He liked the sofa best, he was always laying there. That chair was actually mine, sorry.".
“Daí ele vem e pede pra eu levantar ele. Segurar na cintura dele. Na perna dele. Puxar aqui. Puxar ali. Ele abaixou na minha frente, Greg. Não importa se você é hetero, não vai me dizer que aquele cara não tem a melhor…” John fez um gesto de apertar com as mãos, olhando pros seus dedos.
"The day after," Sherlock replied as he slowly helped his mate to the bathroom and ran the water, "Though I can call after our bath and reschedule a showing or two for tomorrow, so we increase our chances of finding you somewhere to nest as soon as possible - that is, if you are comfortable with having such a busy day.  I know you wanted to look at furniture, as well - we can do that early, as well as your clothes shopping, and then tour in the afternoon. And there is showing you off to Mycroft to consider as well, my Omega."
"I am not," he began, "incredibly fond of formal speeches. In fact, I'll confess I was suitably horrified when John informed me that in lieu of the traditional speeches, I would be expected to make one of my own. Public expressions of sentiment are not my area." He paused, regarding the now confused and uncomfortable expressions of his guests. "However," he continued, smiling at his Omega and lifting the couple's clasped hands enough for their guests to see, "Pleasing the love of my life is very much my area. And since our bonding, I have found myself eager and willing to do anything to ensure his happiness, and to keep him gazing proudly at me." He brought John's hand to his lips, and kissed it gently. "I used to think that, should I ever attend John's wedding, I might be lucky enough to find myself his best man - if his Alpha were to even allow me so close. I never, in all my imaginings, could conceive of being so lucky as to be his husband."
. He whined uncertainly and reached for his Alpha, settling his face into his chest and lapping at him. "My Alpha... need you... put your scent on me, please, please? Such a good protector... Took such good care of me and our pups..."
I've made you..."
Walking into the flat, John's scent was everywhere, sweet and cloying and making Sherlock's cock harden dangerously in his trousers despite himself. He clamped his scarf over his nose and mouth, silently cursing the Omega and his ridiculous heat.
"Ohhh, yes," John exhaled softly, wrapping his arms around his mate's shoulders, pressing their foreheads together and gazing deep into his eyes as he rocked with his Alpha. "Just like that, love. So good." Although his entrance was tender from birthing thirteen pups and being bred again instantly, he was too slick for there to be any pain; he sighed happily as Sherlock kept up his slow pace, luxuriating in the feeling of it. "My Alpha. So good to me," the Omega murmured, planting little kisses across his mate's cheekbones and lips, maintaining their eye contact. "I love you, Sherlock," he breathed, pushing adoration and sensual passion through the bond, drinking in the peaceful quiet of the nest, broken only by their laboured breathing and the sounds of Sherlock moving inside him, their pups all sleeping happily. Moonlight filtered through the thin fabric over the window, sneaking through a gap, bathing John in a silvery glow and highlighting Sherlock's curls. John smiled up at him, sliding one hand off Sherlock's shoulders to clasp his Alpha's hand in his own and guide it to his belly.
" he sighed, with an exaggerated roll of his eyes, before pressing a gentle kiss to his Omega's forehead and carefully pulling out of him as he let him up. "And I think you mean
The female Alpha had the swing Omega moaning whorishly for her as she used him, his noises turning the approving heads of some of the Alphas present. Sherlock licked his lips. "What about yours? Do you keep them collared at all hours?"
A choked sobbing noise escaped from John's throat, a mixture of relief and penitence and need.
Sherlock growled low and deep, the sustained sound reverberating chillingly around the hall. "I have nearly killed a man for making an advance on my Omega. Do not think I won't protect John with my life." He hesitated yet from the true challenge; he knew the power of his father, he'd felt it nearly every day of his miserable childhood, felt it in bruises and broken bones and bleeding wounds, in the brute force of a heavy hand across the face and in words honed sharp enough to cut both heart and mind.
As the other Alpha dragged the no-longer-grinning Moriarty out of the nest, Lestrade reached out and gently unwrapped the scarf from around Sherlock's neck. He wound it carefully around his hand, preserving as much of Sherlock's scent as possible, and flicked his eyes back to the detective for a final nod of permission before stepping into the nest. He strode over to John and knelt by the bed, holding out his scarf-wrapped hand. John grabbed it and clung to it tightly, comforted by his Alpha's scent, whimpering as he lost sight of the detective, who had dragged Moriarty away to a shady tree-filled corner of their huge back garden.
John stares at him, bewildered. "You... thought you should let me know." It wasn't a question.
So, John left it at that.
Of all that happened that day, Mycroft will always remember one moment most distinctly. As his mother left to let the paramedics into the house, his little brother had turned to him, breath raspy, and reached out a hand. "Myc," he had wheezed, fingers gently squeezing his saviours wrist - before his head fell to the side and he lost consciousness once more.
Sherlock holds up his phone, face expressionless. "Postman. It's been on the news recently- someone has been impersonating a postman, delivering false mail and then breaking into the backs of houses. You just have to track him down and arrest him."
He had offered to take over for her for a few days, so that she might sleep in her own bed, pack even more clothes, and spend time with her cat, Aragog, who she had not seen for nearly a month. In fact, the scrawny animal was perhaps more familiar with her neighbour than her, now.
"We have a thirty-year-old male in here, unconcious." She looked at the detective on the ground. "I think it was a panic attack. He's claustrophobic."
a doctor Greg - I should hope so."
"How?"
They'd agreed they'd do a small pre-drinks in John's room at around 10:00 PM, and at around 10:15, the medical student grew restless. Straightening his jacket, he wandered over to the room opposite, rapping on the poorly painted door.
"He'll be fine." She pointed a toe. "I've used it on loads of my friends."
John nodded, understanding. "I know what you mean." And God, did he. Despite the masses of lads he drank with, and the innumerable girls he flirted at, he could not remember a single person's name, nor did he ever want to socialise with any of them for a second time. He'd briefly introduced himself to the other boys on his corridor, but none of them seemed interested, and quite frankly, neither was he – at the moment, university seemed a lot bleaker than he had hoped.
Of course, it was only a matter of time.
Needless to say, enough shots that they were both sufficiently tipsy when they left their block at five to eleven, and sprinted to Klute in order to make the free entry before the clock hit the hour. A burly security guard regarded their IDs dismissively before waving them inside, where they were soon smothered by a sweaty throng of their peers and a remix of
There's silence for a while, and then a groan comes from John. "Please please
He ploughed on. "
Sherlock smirked. "Piss off."
"It's okay," the coroner said, setting a gentle hand on his shoulder. "He should be fine. He looks bad at the moment because he's only just started his second cycle. But he's... capable. And he's not too accident-prone – yet."
Sherlock's movements are much less lethargic as he shift his position against the wall. "I know John, but the work-"
"Barely anything, I swear –" the words had scarcely left his lips before he was gagging again, and John helped manoeuvre him back towards the toilet before he made a mess of the floor. He sighed in sympathy at Sherlock's agonised groaning between heaves, and moved to rub his back again, feeling helpless. But even a trainee medic could do little for a hangover...
"Any nausea?" Sherlock shakes his head. "Good. Can I quickly check your lymph nodes?" A nod. The doctor reaches forward and places his hands on Sherlock's neck, ignoring the detective's involuntary flinches and winces. "I'm sorry about what I said. You're a pain, but I do want to look after you, because... because I care about you. Because I'm your... best friend. It's what best friends do."
"Yes." He was waspish, again. "I presume, though, that you would know how to help."
John cleared his throat quickly. "Um, yes. Sorry," he added on for good measure.
DISCLAIMER: Many people have asked this question and CONTINUE to ask this question so before you start fretting - blood glucose is measured differently in the UK than it is in the US. I am British, like Sherlock, so have followed British measurements. Normal blood glucose levels are between 4.0 mmol/L and 8.0 mmol/L in British terms. 1.2 mmol/L is thus a plausible blood sugar level, and I have even witnessed a friend at this level and still (surprisingly) conscious. Thank you for your time.
She followed him downstairs, but left him a moment to peek into Sherlock's room. He went on and boiled the kettle, prepped two mugs – both a sickly shade of yellow – and then turned and leant against the kitchen counter. The light above him flickered once.
Until now.
, bright and mocking on the inside of the cloth, on the tips of Holmes' fingers, at the edges of his lips. It was as if he had been blind, and only now saw the blood everywhere, all over both of them.
"I'm so sorry," she whispered, her own voice thick with tears, and she brought herself further up to wrap her arms around him. To her surprise, he responded immediately; bringing his own thin arms round to rest lightly on her back, and tucking his face warmly into the crook of her neck. They sunk into each other, both clinging to any shred of comfort, Molly weeping silently whilst Sherlock wet her shirt with large, shuddering sobs. Mrs Hudson came and went, leaving a pot of tea and a plate of biscuits on the table. They stayed like this for near an hour, long after their tears had been stoppered, and silence had fallen.
gave the word 'difficult' an entirely new meaning.
Mycroft narrowed his eyes. It did not suit his already aloof features. "You are his friend, are you not?"
He looked like hell. His complexion had taken on a sallow grey, matched only by the deep circles beneath his eyes, and John felt his heart constrict at the sight of tears and snot on the young man's face. He quickly reached behind him and folded a wad of tissue, before gently wiping at the mess. It seemed the only available way to ease his discomfort.
When John took the thermometer back he sucked in a breath. "Thirty-nine point three. That's high."
"I left you a bucket in your room for a reason," she scolded, frown marring her face. "You can't keep straining yourself like this."
John sighed. "Sherlock's sick. Really sick. His fever's over forty and he won't stop vomiting. I need to clean him up and get his fever down but I can't carry him to the bathroom. I really really could use a hand."
The doctor fell briefly into a nightmarish gauze of confusion, only vaguely registering his best friend's head slamming repeatedly onto the floorboards, before throwing himself violently into action. In no time at all he had Sherlock turned on his side, head cushioned on his lap, trying his best to stop his writhing limbs from getting more tangled up in the glass and debris surrounding the table. A strange whimper exploded from the detective, followed by a small pool of vomit, and John swore in a whole spectrum of colour under his breath as he waited for the seizure to pass. It did, eventually, around twenty-six seconds later, and as soon as Sherlock's body lay still John swung his phone out from his dressing-gown pocket and dialled an ambulance, eyes never leaving Sherlock's as they rolled sluggishly in his head.
"I –" his voice broke, the words stuck. He blinked, shook his head, and blinked again. "I'm fine," he croaked, though nobody had asked. "When do I start?"
Sherlock laughs, rubbing a hand over his face. "You didn't take advantage, don't be stupid." No response. "Anyway- if anyone should be sorry, it's me."
"Symptoms?"
"Nice try. And the heating isn't broken, for your information. Oh detective, who can't tell he's burning up."
"It's okay Mr. Holmes." His anxiety was practically palpable through the phone. "What do you need?"
The DI nods, but there's something he isn't saying. He seems to be staring fixedly at the wall on his left, and John follows his gaze, to find that Sherlock is already one step ahead.
"I'm dealing with a teenager," John sighed, throwing his hands up. "Fine, don't talk to me." Silence. "Oh for - never mind." John dragged both his hands over his face. "Arrogant git," he muttered, walking away.
"You're wrong." Sherlock seemed incredibly offended by these two words, and shot John a death glare.
"And you must pass the time by reading, what, romantic
Sherlock sighed, straightening, and shot his doctor a smirk. "The thrill of the chase, John."
"Yes, I'm aware."
The first time it has occurred it was quite minor, and it would have been missed had Mycroft not been so perceptive. Sherlock was five at the time, his steel eyes beginning to adopt a sharper appearance, and he was now mature enough that he would sit at the dinner table without too much of a fuss. It was over ham and peas that little Sherlock's sharp eyes became softer, staring endlessly into the air's particulates as he quietly consumed his ham. Sherlock remained at the table even once his plate had been taken, and Mycroft watched as he became lucid once more, looking longingly down at the grains of wood.
Warning for mild depictions of vomit.
"If you're making this up-"
"And I'm guessing we call an ambulance if he doesn't wake up," John says anxiously, moving behind Sherlock to lift up his head. "Why do you never look after yourself, Sherlock?"
Sherlock spent his sixth cycle inpatient, with a common cold.
"I –" Sherlock laid still, mouth moving urgently as he sought an explanation for this lapse in judgement. But there was none. "I... don't know." His friend laughed humourlessly, chair scraping horridly against the cheap white floor. He swiped a set of books from the table by the bed, shoving them angrily into his bag, one of the pages ripping in the process.
"It's not a problem, John," she replied, ushering him back up the stairs. "Let me just get my slippers."
It felt like dawn would never come. Sherlock spent most the night laid back and wheezing, sitting up when John instructed and drinking water when a glass was brought to his mouth. He remained silent mostly, but every now and then would mention something about how "It isn't usually this bad," or "Go to bed, John," the latter always shot down with a simple glare from the doctor concerned. At one point, John phoned Mycroft, asking if there was anything that would help. "Mummy used to use a humidifier," he said, something different in his tone. "I don't imagine he has one?"
," he snapped, jaw set, and pale lips pressed into a line. "End of discussion."
Now, Mycroft was only twelve at the time, but he might as well have been a scholar. He spent that following evening staring up at the ornate plaster trim, feet crossed neatly in bed. Sherlock was not a stupid young lad, and it seemed odd for him to forget consuming tea altogether - Mycroft folded his pale hands over his shirt, contemplative. If he didn't know any better, he would have said his brother had been daydreaming - except, he did know better. Because even whilst the ham was still on his fork, Sherlock was already chewing.
Three weeks later, Sherlock Holmes vacated room 221B, and dropped out of Durham University. The room was taken up by a second year Philosophy student soon after. The change went unnoticed by everyone.
"John," Sherlock voiced, eyebrows knitted together. "They... didn't take any videos or anything did they?"
"I'll take your word for it," John said. "Just this once."
John hesitates, picking at a loose thread on his chair. "... Do we need to run tests or...?"
The DI sighs, shaking his head. "Okay. Come on then; I'll drop you home."
"Well, yes," John retorts, agitated. "No cases."
There was a moment where they both seemed to be in each other's way, and in this moment, the dry man looked the wet one up and down. He was tall, pale, and an array of dark locks stuck to his forehead, freshly washed. In another life, John would have found him rather handsome – in this one, he was busting for a wee. "Sorry mate," he muttered, stepping to the side, and the taller boy chuckled as he shook.
"Sherlock?" Anderson questions, slightly unnerved by the sight of the man in front of him. He's obviously in pain, but Anderson's not sure how he's supposed to react to the Freak's whimper of agony. Taking a small step closer, he bites his lip. "Something... wrong?"
John shrugged, leaning against the wall. "We'll just have to wait it out." He wrinkled his nose. "You're right about the smell though. Is there air freshener or something?"
"His recovery went smoothly eighteen months ago, but the drugs left somewhat permanent damage. It was only a matter of time before they gave out. I'm sorry, Dr. Watson."
Warning for graphic depiction of vomit.
They let John on the ambulance with him, and he slapped Sherlock's hand when the detective tried to cast aside the oxygen mask. "Stop it," he ordered, expression serious. "Just breathe with it. You need it."
Mycroft's fist clenched as blood began to mingle with the spit at the corners of Sherlock's lips, and he let the memories wash over him as his body grew tense with the passing minutes.
"I -" Sherlock swallowed thickly, glancing off to the right. "It's nausea. It hangs there like a..." Sherlock faced John again, tongue slack. "I'm so tired."
"Was... cold." He shivered, squeezing his eyes shut. The lights hurt so much...
"What changed?"
Sherlock swallowed slowly, standing a little shakily on his knees. "It tends to trigger it, yes, but -"
As it turned out, most of the corridor was empty, including Sherlock's room. John knocked three times, but it appeared as if Sherlock had left him to sleep – perhaps so he could get some particularly difficult Chemistry done on his own. John scoffed. Sherlock, struggling with Chemistry?
"Sherlock? Sherlock. I need you to stay with me." The brunette squinted at him. "Do you have a headache?"
"It's been my pleasure." Dr. Wilson stood and spread his arms. "I'll see you in a month, Mr. Holmes, and then every three months after that. Let's keep you cancer-free for as long as possible, shall we?"
Sherlock thought back. He did not.
She stepped forward, placing an arm on the car as if to reach out to him from across it. "It was my pleasure Sherlock, honestly." Her eyes shone prettily with unshed tears, and the younger Holmes tore his gaze away.
– and leaned over the sink by his wardrobe, fumbling with the tap so he could fill a plastic cup with cool water. Chucking back two paracetamol and an ibuprofen, he sighed at how much better he felt already, before splashing the same water onto his face. A quick brush of his teeth and a hand through his hair later, John could move onto the next order of business – the piss he'd probably been needing since 3 AM. He could even have a shower whilst he was at it. Picking up his wash bag, John opened the door to his room and peered down the corridor, eyes clocking onto the bathroom he shared with seven other guys.
"Most definitely," the government official replied with an air of importance. "But the question is whether it's necessary or not. My brother is not stupid - he would have only stopped using it if the doctor's deemed it an inessential... Only using it once every year or so might not be worth the expense."
Donovan's response was nothing if not predictable. "Oh don't tell me... Of course you're having pups with the
Sherlock's hand made wider circles on John's belly, feeling the shape and the weight of it, appreciating how low it now sat. It forced John's hips apart, deepening his waddle enough to make each step cumbersome. The Alpha grinned proudly; these would be big pups, even bigger than their elder siblings.
"-Not to mention a litany of other standard-"
"Shhh... shhhh...," Sherlock soothed gently, overwhelmed by the outburst and the sudden flood of emotions rushing through their bond. He pushed back a calming love and reassurance, stroking his Omega's hair, rubbing John's back, pressing his lips to his mate's temple. He hummed and rocked John back and forth just as his John had done with him, allowing the Omega the moment. "There's a bit more," he murmured in John's ear, "Now that we have the sizes, you can commission any shirt or jumper you like. You can keep all your same clothing throughout your pregnancy if you wish... though the trousers might be a bit difficult," he mused. The Alpha smiled softly, crooning and humming gently to his mate, helping John to settle.
John's comments about how the Alpha felt inside him were deleted as soon as Sherlock's brain could manage; he could calculate what John needed but he could not fully associate himself with it, or risk losing his emotional stability. His hips did what his mind told them to, and he focused his more conscious attentions on their upper bodies, on how gorgeous and wanton John looked on top of him, on how much love he felt for his Omega.
, the Alpha answered eagerly, a bit of milk dribbling down his chin, the sounds of his enthusiastic nursing audible as he drained John's teat,
John smiled and began rubbing his belly, running his fingertips over the gravid mound, soothing the pups until their movements slowed and he settled them to stillness. He rocked more gently on his Alpha's cock, closing his eyes and allowing himself to just
The Omega cried and gasped in pleasure as the Alpha told him he
, harder than he ever had in his life, screaming and sobbing, his whole body convulsing as his small cock shot his semen all the way up to Sherlock's collarbone, covering his plump belly in it as well, his walls rippling like a vice around the Alpha's cock as if attempting to milk another orgasm out of him. John could hardly breathe from the pleasure, the collar restricting his breathing just enough to make him a little lightheaded, and it felt
Sherlock inhaled sharply, his eyes widening in shock as he reeled backwards for a moment, only to be steadied by his Omega's gentle hands. It took a few long moments of John's soothing before he came to rest atop him again, his heavy breaths beginning to slow as he pressed his forehead to his mate's. He sought answers through the bond, and only felt John's love envelop him in return, encouraging his decision. Sherlock swallowed. "You want me to collar you tonight... Omega..," he whispered slowly, looking into John's eyes. It was not a question. The Alpha searched another moment, then bowed his head, planting a tender kiss to John's lips. "Then you shall have my collar." Sherlock smiled, genuinely, and pulled his mate closer.
Sherlock groaned loudly, feeling his knot swelling huge and fat at the base of his cock. "Going to fill you so full, you're going to have more than just a litter, you're going to be- oh, fuck- gargantuan with my children, so huge you won't know what to do with yourself besides beg for my cock again and again as you wait to birth. I can feel how much you want it John-," he grunted. "Gonna plug you so full, give you exactly what you want, mark you even more than I have already.
"So you're going to decide this for me as well?" John said hotly, his face thunderous. "We both know there comes a point when you're slipping into instinct that you can choose to back away, when you know you'll lose yourself if you drop any further! So no, you weren't yourself when you did it, but you knew I didn't want it and you let yourself get completely Alpha anyway. How the fuck do you expect me to breastfeed more than thirteen pups at once? Do you even know how many you filled me with this time?" he hissed angrily, his hands balled into fists at his sides. "I'll say it one more time.
milks me and fucks me like this..."
," John begged, tiny plaintive cries forced out of him with each thrust. "Love you too... yeah, come on, give it to me... fuck, Sherlock, fucking bite me, do it, wanna feel your teeth in my neck when you knot me..." He closed his eyes to savour the feeling of his Alpha mating him from behind like this, the forceful thrusts, the slick slide of Sherlock's bare cock inside him, the strong hands gripping his waist to hold him in place to be bred. "Christ, Sherlock, you feel bigger already... you're so hard for me, aren't you? My big strong Alpha... unh, yeah, that's it,
Sherlock thought for a moment, looking suspiciously at his brother, but finally nodded. It took no concentration at all to bring forth a deep growl that vibrated his in chest and filled the air in the large room. Immediately, all the pups - even Arthur - squeaked in unison, and withdrew from the pack leader, crawling as fast as they could to their father's side. A rainbow of colourful babies plopped down all around the dark-haired Alpha's knees, cooing and giggling and watching their father expectantly. “I don't know, brother mine," Sherlock said, unable to suppress a chuckle as Arthur wriggled himself free from his uncle's arms and made a beeline toward Sherlock, the chubby baby's crawling more like strategic flopping. He scooped up his son and sat him in his lap, looking somewhat more serene than before. "It is nice, but it feels rather manipulative, don't you think? I prefer them to come to me on their own."
Eleanor (pink) has sandy blonde curls and blue-green eyes, and an oval face shape.
The Beta pressed a series of buttons and a printer in the back of the room jumped to life. Thirteen little black and white scans rolled off the press, each marked with the date, the name of the hospital and Watson/Holmes. Dr Anderson scooped them up and presented them to the Alpha deferentially. "I'm supposed to charge you for these, but... I am ashamed of my half-cousin. I wish to make whatever atonement I can to remove the stain on my family's name, so consider these a gift, and if there is anything at all I can do for you, call me." He offered his card.
Sherlock purred in unison with his mate, their twin vibrations filling the room with a calming sound. "My Omega... You gave me so much strength. There is no other for me than you." He touched the area over John's heart, and kissed him gently, deeply as he pressed inside. "My Omega," he breathed again, his eyes bright and present as he scented his mate, touched him, ran his hands along his shoulders and over the curves of his gravid form as they rocked together. "I love you," he murmured, kissing his partner, "Daddy loves you so much," he crooned as he stroked John's taut belly. He continued to rock with John, gently kissing and touching everywhere he could reach on his mate's body before he was satisfied, his hands coming back to his mate's round middle and beginning to rub there. Love radiated warmly in his chest as he dipped down to reverently drink from John's engorged breasts, tenderly suckling on the rosy nipples until the last drop of milk had passed his lips.
It took every ounce of Sherlock's self-control not to tear off John's shirt right there. Instead, the Alpha growled quietly again, beginning to subtly rub increasingly firm circles over the nub that now strained against the fabric of the Omega's shirt. He licked his lips when he noted John's flushed cheeks and erected nipples, the twin beads obvious underneath the plum garment. "Two options," Sherlock murmured, "I pay the bill now, and walk you out in front of everybody - just like this. Ripe, full, so obviously
Sherlock sat on John's opposite side, and Mycroft to Beatrice's right. The pack Alpha threw a curious look at his brother, wondering what the detective would do; it was required that the pack Alpha be allowed to touch any of the bonded Omegas of the pack - but when it came to touches from others, even those under his protection, the decision was at the discretion of the sire. Omega-Omega contact was usually deemed an acceptable act, especially among family, but there was no telling when an Alpha might become tetchy.
Sherlock purred happily, planting gentle, possessive kisses along his mate's jaw, a gentle nip and hint of teeth with each press of his lips. "I'll miss you mewling and moaning under me, so eager and submissive, begging desperately for my knot and my babies." John's obvious pleasure at the remembrance pleased him to no end. "Soon enough. When you're ready to go off the heat suppressants, we'll get you on birth control if you want it, and I'll knot you so well your first heat that you'll lose your voice from screaming my name in ecstasy."
In less than a minute the Alpha was naked and under the covers with his mate as if he'd been there the whole time, gathering John to him as he gave a sustained, rumbling purr. "Merry Christmas."
" The Alpha was flushed and panting, his breath hot against John's neck, "I'd have you in my bed before you knew it, your body trembling and your legs spread invitingly wide for me as you mewled for my cock ... Or in the lab, you'd accidentally upset a heat stimulant, nowhere to go or lock yourself away in as you slowly succumbed, beginning to press and rub yourself against me, touching yourself, trying to reach for my cock, unable to help it.. I'd spread you out over the counter and breed you over and over, watch you swell from the accelerated hormones until you were ready to give me a pup right there, writhing and begging me to tug it out of you. I'd imagine coming home to catch you tossing off in your chair... sometimes you'd be in heat, sometimes you wouldn't.. I'd spread your legs for me right there, take what was mine... " He was on the edge himself, his eyes shut tight in desperation but also in worry and shame at the nature of what he'd revealed.
They went on like that for a while, Sherlock mostly listening, before he was finished and feeling a strong pull to bed the Omega upstairs. They parted with the promise to talk more later, and Sherlock returned to the flat. He gave a soft smile upon entering the bedroom and seeing his mate curled around his pillow. Slowly, he slipped out of his clothes and under the covers, and wrapped his hands around John's growing belly.
... haaaahh, oh god, yeeeeeees, ohhhhh... mmmhh, your cock feels
"Mr Holmes, we would like to request that your brother's bondmate stays with him tonight. His presence seems to make your brother infinitely more manageable and frankly, we're short staffed. It would be... Immensely helpful to us if we could have a pliant Alpha as a patient rather than an antsy one who seems determined to be as difficult as possible. Would you ask them? I have to make my rounds..."
Siger's signet ring had cut a shallow gash across his cheekbone when he delivered the blow, but it was no more than a scratch as far as Sherlock was concerned. He'd endure far worse if it meant protecting John. The youngest Alpha kept his stance, his feet planted firmly apart, teeth bared in threat as he growled low and deep in his throat.
The Alpha's eyes widened in surprise and he growled, adjusting the image so John was flat on his back with his legs spread wide, a far more modern position for an Omega birth but mirroring the one he had imagined when first claiming John. In his mind, the tag on the collar glinted invitingly, even as it seemed to blend against the man's glistening, sweat-soaked skin. He fisted his hand firmly around the strip of leather, keeping the Omega from writhing too much during his pains, groaning as John gave another agonized moan. He imagined he could feel John's cervix beginning to dilate again, all his muscles clamping down as his body desperately tried to shove the next large pup through opening.
John squeezed Sherlock's hand, his throat thick and sharp with emotion, beaming at him with joy and pride written large across his face. He sniffled softly, tugging insistently on his mate's hand until he joined him on the sofa and manoeuvred into his lap, purring loudly, pulling the hem of his pyjama top up to expose the rounded swell to Sherlock. He rested his head on his Alpha's shoulder, still smiling, tears stinging his eyes. "I love you too," he managed eventually. "So very much. I always used to think... think you'd never want me, I mean, you're
He gently prodded the other Omegas through their pack bonds to come and retrieve the pups, all of whom were now snoozing soundly. John's pains would become much worse when his contractions began in earnest, and he didn't want their little ones distressed by the groans and cries of their whelping mother. Beatrice, Molly, Catherine, and Remington entered the nest together, now welcomed by soft, proud purrs from the Alpha.
John, now feeding Iris and Imogen, hummed quietly as he watched his pack members hold and nuzzle his babies. It was a promise to help care for them, reassurance that the new pups growing in his belly would be loved and nurtured as well.
He panted, burying his face in the crook of John's neck, breathing in the scent of
John gasped and cried out, the pleasure searing hot, his tight passage stretched more than it ever had been by the enormous knot, Sherlock's seed filling him in thick spurts, almost forcing his belly out further with sheer volume. The Omega came hard, clenching desperately around his Alpha, twitching violently and clutching his mate's hands to ground himself. For several minutes, neither of them could speak, panting hard, pressing the occasional soft kiss to the other's lips. They lay there together, knotted and blissful, the pups calmed and sleeping in John's belly, a faint trace of their new pack Alpha's scent still present, powerful but oddly soothing. "I know you'll always protect me," John managed eventually. "I know you'd do anything for me, and our pups. I can't wait for you to meet them." He smiled fondly as his mate responded with a purr and began rubbing his gravid stomach possessively. He let his eyes slide closed, lolling his head back onto Sherlock's shoulder, sliding gently into sleep for his afternoon nap.
Sherlock looked almost comically confused at receiving a gift from the entire pack. "I..," he mumbled, but he could already see any protests would be in vain. "Okay then. Thank you." He undid the ribbon and lifted the silvery lid of the box. "
"Quite right," Sherlock said, a wide grin spreading across his face. He moved to stand behind John, running his hands up and down John's arms, partially as a gesture of possessiveness, and partially to keep John's hands from roaming to his belly. He huffed indignantly as the impact of Lestrade's exclamation hit him. "And what do you mean 'about bloody time'? Have our feelings truly been that obvious to everyone but ourselves? Until recently that is," he said, dipping his head to kiss John's bond mark.
Sherlock shivered, his muscles tensing slightly. His pupils dilated wider, the black swallowing all but a very thin ring of iris. The scent of the Omega's heat faintly began to penetrate the private suite, a siren call to every virile Alpha it reached. Breeding shows were only allowed under such carefully controlled conditions as the club provided; an unbonded Omega in heat in a room full of non-pack Alphas was a certain recipe for infighting and injury. Separated by walls of reinforced glass, the voyeurs would be exposed to enough hormones to feel immersed in the experience, but not enough to start charging the two-way mirror in an instinctual frenzy.
The Alpha snapped his hips harder as he bit down hard on John's bond mark, puncturing the skin. John's pleas kept him conscious, the Omega's desperate words buoying his rational mind above his Alpha instinct. He lapped over the wound, moaning deeply as he prepared it for a second bite. "One more," he growled. The bed shook from their efforts. "One more egg before I knot you," the Alpha panted, already feeling the stretch at the base of his cock.  "I want to see you big and round with twins. Want you to need to support your belly as you chase after our first litter. I want everyone to see that I've bred you again." Keeping one steady hand on John's hips, he reached around and cupped John's small cock with the other, beginning to massage it gently. "Nnh- you're still so fertile- I can smell it on you. Come on, let's have two this time," he rumbled, his breath ghosting over John's ear. "I promise I'll breed you so well you'll see stars."
he sent through the bond gently.
John nuzzled Sherlock's forehead as the Alpha continued to feed. "Will you answer the nice lady's question? You're doing so well, sweetheart, but we need you to answer some more questions now. Can you do that for Mummy?"
. He'd put up with it, very occasionally, for Mrs Hudson, and probably Lestrade, but he decided that was it. Nobody else got to touch his bump.
Keeping his own hands pressed into the cushions of the sofa, Sherlock watched John with pleasure; he was more keen on the way the Omega touched himself and not him, displayed himself and mewled about how big he was. It was a private form of exhibitionism, and as close to his own fantasies as his mate would likely allow, unless John was serious about letting the Alpha show him off naked to Mycroft. His dripping erection pressed up between John's cheeks, eager to enter the Omega, but Sherlock was letting his mate decide when that would be; he was here to watch, for his Omega to hopefully figure out how to get him off, remember what he liked. The results had been slightly disappointing thus far, but were improving as time went on. With a thoughtful raise of an eyebrow, he adjusted their positions - briefly taking John's hips to turn him as he turned himself to lie sideways on the couch, his torso slightly propped up by the pillows. Now he could have a full, uninterrupted view of his mate as he straddled Sherlock and presented himself. John pushed his gravid belly forward helplessly, and the Alpha moaned.
John took another large bite of toast and chewed it happily as Sherlock flicked through the locked-room murder from the day before. "It's driving you nuts, isn't it?" John smiled affectionately, stroking his curls. "Maybe you should go take a look at the scene. You know you're always at your best when you can see the location, get a real feel for it. Molly would let you see the body if you wanted. And maybe... maybe you could pick up some Melton Mowbrays on your way home? I've got a bit of a craving... I might even let you feed them to me. One pie for every pup... do you think I can manage it?"
face-up and gleaming proudly in the sunlight. The Omega appeared so innocent, wide-eyed and ready to please, but his gigantic, heavy breasts, large, swollen nipples, the obvious curve of his belly, his small cock at attention, and christ, the
"Yes, loves, Nana Martha is coming over in a little while! So there's no need to-" he broke off as his phone buzzed in his pocket and he read the text quickly. "And Molly's just let me know that she and Greg
John pressed back against his Alpha, whining in relief, turning his head to suck needily at Sherlock's scent gland. He cupped his belly as they began to rock together, moaning softly as his mate kept milking him, squeezing his walls around the enormous cock filling him, straining his neck to press desperate kisses to Sherlock's lips, licking approvingly at the taste of strawberries. He whimpered, nuzzled his mate's face, trying to ask for more of the fruit. He had already eaten a good third of the bowl, but wanted more; the corset front of the bodysuit was straining, so he gently took his Alpha's hands from his breasts and pressed them to the silky bow fastening, tugging gently at the loose ends. Once the ribbon was removed, he would be able to push the fabric to the sides, allowing his belly to swell further with food without ripping the lace. He opened his mouth to try to speak, but only breathy whines and needy moans escaped. He was obviously utterly lost to his Omega, completely trusting his Alpha to care for him and protect him while he was so vulnerable. His scent grew sweeter, containing notes full of promise and submission, encouraging the Alpha to knot - John's Omega still remembered the disappointment and coldness Sherlock had shown him after he'd been caught nursing.
John nodded his assent, submissively offering his neck to the Alpha. "Always want you with me," he sighed happily as Sherlock bit possessively at his throat, leaving bruises. "Your scent is wonderful. Feel like I can never get enough. Love having it on me, having it on my skin... mmm," he hummed lazily, closing his eyes. "I think that pump was a wise investment," he yawned, rubbing his belly. "Are you going to mount me like that every time I use it? At least until I'm too big to be on my hands and knees... in another couple of weeks my belly will brush the bed. By the time our wedding arrives, it'll rub against it, I'll have to arch my back to make it fit... but you'll love that, won't you? Having me so massively round and pregnant that I have to waddle, my belly swollen and looking as if I'm ready to birth quads?"
John opened his eyes and gasped sharply, clutching Sherlock's arm for support. "Sher- this is..." he managed, his voice full of wonder, but further speech was beyond him; he could hardly believe his eyes, the scene before him was such an idyllic Christmas that sang of
, wasn't allowed to have any other Alpha... ngh, god, Sherlock... I love your huge cock, I love how it fills me," he moaned, "I love it when you make me take it, make me your little Omega slut..." He lay his head back on his Alpha's shoulder, grunting with each thrust, panting open-mouthed, coming hard after a few more hard snaps of his mate's hips, screaming with the intensity of it, clawing his hands in the sheets and still begging for more, begging Sherlock to keep fucking him, never to stop.
Mycroft purred as Lucy Elspeth and Iris Victoria were handed to him for scenting and approval, one eyebrow raising in respect as he scented the Alphas; five in a row was impressive by any standard, a mark of Sherlock's potency. He handed Iris to Lestrade, purring a little more loudly as Sherlock announced Imogen Ava and he gently took the auburn-haired little girl into his arms. "Well, poor thing, you've got my hair," he smiled, nuzzling her forehead. "Omega," he announced to the pack, beaming, raising his eyes to meet John's. John simply purred quietly, shifting slightly to get more comfortable as he nursed Viola and Enora. Remington looked up with interest, quietly pleased to see Mycroft so loving and accepting of an Omega child. He had proved himself to be a kind and generous pack leader, but the insecurities ingrained into him by Siger had been hard to erase. He'd wondered if Mycroft was simply kind to him because of their bond of blood and because he felt pity for the Omega; seeing him with his Omega niece, so joyful, just as he had been with each Alpha baby, the last of his doubt slipped away.
, but the ice cream was particularly good. He ignored the pain in his overfull stomach to finish half of the pint-sized tub. "Ohh, god... I'm so
Viola was gazing impatiently around the table, watching with a pout as the adults started into their dessert. In her fuzzy, five-month-old reasoning, it appeared that everyone who had asked got a part of the new toy that had been brought out to the table. The pup screwed up her face, concentrating very hard. "Cayyyyy....," she tried experimentally, trying to make the same sound as the others, "Cayyyyyyyy...." But nobody was paying attention yet. Viola grunted in frustration. She flailed, then mewled, then tried again. "Cay.. Cay.. Cay...ke..."
relief. He struggled out of his jumper, exposing his belly, unhooking the clasp of his bra with one hand as he pushed Sherlock onto the nearest sofa and straddled him. He cupped his breasts, rolling them in his hands, keening as they leaked more freely. "Sherlock... please..." he moaned, kneading his twin mounds and gasping softly as milk spurted out of them in jets, forced out by the pressure Sherlock had allowed to build.
"I love you too," John whispered back, pressing one last kiss to his mate's lips. "Yes, shower," he agreed easily, taking Sherlock's hand and leading him to the ensuite where he'd fled earlier. He turned on the spray and tugged Sherlock in with him, purring softly as he grabbed a washcloth and lathered it up, rubbing it across his Alpha's chest, tending to him and cleaning him lovingly; he had to stand on tiptoes to wash the Alpha's hair, but he managed it nonetheless, unable to resist rubbing his belly against Sherlock's pert arse as he did so. When he was satisfied that his mate was clean, he handed the cloth imperiously to his husband, spreading his arms expectantly, with a gentle smile on his face that clearly said
On stage, Martin pulled out of the bound Omega and Anthony immediately stepped up to take his place, sinking his cock into Brendan's dripping entrance with no hesitation. He began to roll his hips smoothly, building up a relentless rhythm. Watching the others breed the Omega had only increased his desire. His cock ached with the need to knot and he fucked Brendan with short, hard stabs of his hips, grunting his exertion, too lost to lust to speak. Held in place by the breeding stand, Brendan could only whimper and beg to be bred, his scent displaying his total submission.
"That's it, John,
A blue, cylindrical toy lay on the plush purple velvet of the cushion inside, accompanied by a small card declaring it to be an Omegalight, and a discreet pamphlet of uses hidden beneath the pillow. Sherlock grinned as he picked up the device from its display, and began turning its solid form over his hands, studying it. "An excellent choice," he murmured, "perfect." He dismissed the servant, and looked to John, holding it out to him with a gleam in his eyes. "For your next show, Omega, I want something rather unusual. I want you to fuck this."
He panted heavily, sending adoration back through the bond, and then something more.
, John gasped, arching his back and gazing deeply into his mate's eyes.
John sniffed miserably and buried his face in Sherlock's neck. "It was partly shock too," he murmured, clinging to his Alpha's jacket like a baby monkey, afraid if he let go he'd lose him forever. "I love you too, my husband," he breathed softly, letting out a small tentative purr at the kisses on his face. "I'm not sorry they saw, you know. Being caught was a surprise, but I'm weirdly happy they got to see how full you made me." He rubbed his cheek across Sherlock's scent gland, covering himself in his mate's scent, calming himself further until his breathing was steady again. "Come on, let's do the rounds. We can have our food heated up and brought back during the second half... might even let you feed me," he tried, half-smiling, but making no move to let go of Sherlock's lapels. "But when we do, don't - I need - I need to be connected to you. I need your touch, even if it's just on my shoulder," he breathed needily, his Omega instincts not entirely soothed.
Panting, his arm stinging fiercely from the wounds, Mycroft pressed on. Despite his wearying physical state, he remained as mentally sharp and cool as ever, fierce yet placid in the face of his father's wrath. Siger lost none of his form as his frustration rose, but he was becoming predictable in his monomaniacal rage to rid himself of his son. His attacks became brutishly forceful and direct, his defences coming almost as a second thought; parries were but momentary interferences between harsh thrusts and vicious slashes. The ginger Alpha moved to sidestep another such assault - but not quickly enough. Mycroft gasped as he felt the swift slide of metal against his neck.
he realised suddenly,
Sherlock raised his eyes just a little, sadly peeking up from where he was nuzzling his son. He blushed, chastened and embarrassed by John's initial reply. He had thought incoherent was what it was supposed to be like, and that John would just
I nearly pulled out to remove the condom right then, but it was too late - I knotted you, frustrated as I felt my seed waste itself inside the condom. You nursed again, and when the next wave of your heat came you smelled even stronger, made me drop even deeper into my Alpha. You touched yourself for me, everything about you crying out to be bred - your scent, your leaking breasts, your lush, plump body. It took all my strength to put another condom on. Then you spread your legs and pliantly let me fuck you, lying there like a good Omega, opening yourself for my pleasure. Almost completely under, I bit you again, and you grunted as another egg dropped for me - no longer pacified, you begged to be bred once more. Frustrated, completely Alpha, I could not resist. Before I knotted you again I slipped out and removed the condom. Then I took you like you were meant to be taken, filled you over and over, kept your hips tilted to be receptive to my seed even when you nursed. You were pregnant immediately, but neither of us were satisfied until all three eggs were fertilized and attached." He pushed lust and love through the bond, sharing what he could of his memories, his eyes dark as he remembered the instinctual, animal pleasure and triumph of breeding his mate.
Hearing Sherlock's moans and growls of pleasure coupled with the feel of his Alpha's hard cock filling his mouth made John very hard very quickly, his small Omega cock pulsing as he sucked his mate. He wanted this to just be about Sherlock but soon it was too much and he needed friction; by the time Sherlock warned him he'd been rubbing against his leg for two full minutes. At his Alpha's warning he stopped, pulled off, rose off his knees and climbed into his lap, straddling him, pushing his gravid belly forward, rubbing it against Sherlock as his own hands went to his breasts, kneading and squeezing, coaxing beads of milk to form and begin to slip down his pert breasts, a small trickle at first and then more, until he was gushing a steady stream, shiny and wet with it, massaging it into his belly as he ground his hips against his mate's throbbing erection. "Look what you've done to me," he crooned. "So pregnant, needing to be milked..." he leaned back a little, giving the Alpha a full view down his torso, "so full of milk and your pups. So full..." he rubbed his bump proudly, humming softly, displaying himself completely, waiting for Sherlock to come back from the edge a little before taking his cock. He wanted this apology to last.
Mrs. Hudson looked like her heart was broken. He kept looking at the men until they were inside.
John stared at Mycroft's stupid lie with his lips slightly parted. It seemed like John was about to punch him in the face.
"I could always visit him." John said. "Where could we meet?"
“And you, Lieutenant Watson, are one of the few good men we have.” he finally said, making John’s heart beat faster. He was about to be sent to the medical forces. He knew it. “Last year, the Expeditionary Force was created to receive these newcomers. We’re sending them to the frontier of Belgium and France, and they’ll be needing all medical assistance they can have. We’re planning to join the french army there, and get some supplies from them. Currently, they’re marching with pipes as guns. Only the officers have actual guns. And believe me when I say, they’re safer without guns. For their own protection.”
John Watson não ia durar muito naquele curso.
“Nós não vamos ter que usar aquelas…” ele disse, fazendo gestos de apertar as pernas.
“But, sir, I thought….”
John deixou a mochila pra trás e se aproximou do instrutor. Limpou a garganta para chamar-lhe a atenção. Sherlock largou o que tinha nas mãos dentro do armário e se virou para o capitão do time.
"I'm afraid that would be highly dangerous. For both of you. And Sherlock wouldn't risk your life. Or the baby's." he said, then gave a harsh look at Mary. "I should get going now." he faked a smile and turned around. "Good to meet the baby." he said, before simply going out through the door.
Sherlock stroked his Omega's hair gently as he listened to John's breathing even out and relax into the deep, slow rhythm of sleep. He could faintly feel his mate's heartbeat against his chest and sighed contentedly, a soft smile playing on his lips as he allowed his gaze to roam over his mate's body. John was perfect, he mused, the Omega's body still showing traces of fitness even with several stone of pups and increasing baby weight; his mate was certainly becoming softer around the edges as his body filled out, and Sherlock loved it - it was another sign of how good of a carrier John was, how well his body was adapting to accommodate and nourish their pups. John's clothing would be needing to move up another few sizes, he mused, and he knew his Omega would be disappointed to have to change over his wardrobe
that's what he'd meant - as the baby grabbed the rattle and shook it violently, shrieking with glee when she realised it made noise. Felix blinked over at her with interest, his face lighting up when his father removed another rattle from the box and handed it to him; soon each of the pups had been handed a rattle bearing their initial in their designated colour, and the room was drowned in a cacophony of happy pups vigorously shaking their new toys.
John simply smiled serenely, protected by the knowledge of what he held in his belly. "He might surprise you one day... I'm sure you never thought he was the bonding type either. I'd say I'd love to stay and chat but my mother told me never to tell lies, so I think I'll be going... Coming, Sherlock?" he asked, grinning cheekily, clenching his fists by his side to avoid stroking his belly in front of Mycroft and shoving their brood in his face.
The order filtered gently down through the layers of John's consciousness like dappled sunlight through a forest canopy, dancing around him, calling to him in a sweet siren-song. He followed happily, humming and stretching as he opened his eyes fully and greeted Sherlock with an affectionate lick to the cheek. "Sherlock," he purred seductively, still a little drunk on pleasure; the Alpha's knot was still filling him and he circled his hips, moaning at the drag against his insides.
The tag clinked against the d-ring as he twisted his neck to gaze at his mate, licking his lips and keening softly, begging for his Alpha's cock.
around Sherlock, there's so much weight in me I'll be birthing the equivalent of a
John blinked. This was new. Sherlock had never growled at a sandwich before. "If it's not good I'm sure they'd make you a fresh one?" he smirked playfully, finishing his lemon tart. He could guess, though, what Sherlock was thinking; the thought that the Colonel might have succeeded if John hadn't been able to fight him off was distressing him, the idea of any Alpha touching John rankled. John purred quietly and submissively at the hand on his belly, nudging closer, pulling his jumper subtly out of the way so Sherlock's hands could slip beneath it to touch his bare skin. "I'm yours now. Bonded for life. Nobody else can ever bite me, it wouldn't work. I'm yours until I die, irrevocably," he breathed, trying not to mewl needily as Sherlock's fingertips met his belly.
. If this was only a preview to the rest of their night, he would likely be near-comatose with pleasure by the end. He had so much planned, so much he wanted to see and do, even before they ventured out of their private suite and into the public spaces of the club.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed. "You can," he said, his tone dangerously calm and even, "Go back to the kitchens and find us a new waiter, one that is able to keep his eyes to himself and off
. He'd had a whole life living under Siger's lies and backwards opinions - and having them "proven" to him over and over again - so it was no wonder he was having a hard time believing John's words; Siger's voice ran deeper, and there would be work to do to uproot it.
, knowing more of his Alpha's pups were growing inside him, and teasing at his hole only made him wetter. Slowly, sensually, he trailed his own slick up to his little cock and began to rub himself, his other hand never leaving his bump, his breathing coming a little quicker. Unable to stop caressing his belly, each time his hand pushed over the outermost swell he keened loudly; he felt wonderfully voluptuous, increasing in volume as he locked eyes with his mate and began working his cock faster, his purrs turning into loud, wanton, open-mouthed moans. The amount of sensual pleasure that rubbing his bump was giving him couldn't have been more obvious; he worshipped it as he wanked himself, each brush over the rounded swell drawing a fresh keening groan from him. His pupils blew wide as his hole relaxed and slicked further, ready to accept his Alpha's cock, and he forced himself to draw out the pleasure until his thighs were shaking and he was biting his lip so hard it hurt, panting and moaning without inhibition, and finally he cupped the underside of his belly just as he came with a relieved scream.
Sherlock stood stock still for a moment, his attention still fixed on the pair. Then he nodded dumbly. Logically, he knew he had nothing to feel guilty for; he had protected his friend by refusing to share his heat while under the influence. He might have hurt him, claimed him, or both - all options were unacceptable, as he'd tried to explain to the disappointed Omega on the day he rejected him. Despite his own feelings of attraction, he would not have done harm to his friend, and they would not have worked well as mates; Sherlock was little of what Victor needed in a partner. Still, it felt like showing off to be here with his mate and their thirteen pups, and John already showing again despite his warm coat. As he lifted his foot to take a step forward, however, he realized he couldn't go alone. The Alpha whined and squeezed his wife's hand tighter, looking to his mate for direction.
Over on the swing the club Omega was squealing breathily as the Alpha kept fucking him, smirking as she made him writhe and beg for her knot. "
Sherlock grinned back, his eyes alight with lust. "I'll give you more than that," he whispered, nipping at the delicate skin of John's neck, "I'll fill you so full you'll be carrying three or four of my litters at once, moaning about your swollen belly - you'll leave this bed fit for a wheelchair again by the time I'm done with you." He snapped his hips forward, tilting John's hips upward as if to keep all his seed inside and breed him more thoroughly. "My knot's so enormous, I can easily come several more times, fill you up to your limit-"
, you didn't speak until you were nearly four years old?" John asked incredulously, still rocking Eleanor as the pup cooed and snuggled against him while he tried to eat with his free hand.
"You've always been my Alpha," John whispered tenderly, still cradling the back of Sherlock's head as he suckled. "I never told you this before, but... during my heats... if you were in the flat, if I could scent you... I dropped an egg for you, every time," he whispered, moaning as his Alpha continued to suck more milk, his breasts meeting the demand and making as much as Sherlock wanted. "My body knew I was yours... that's why it's so eager to please you, ah, Sherlock, feels... feels so good... Mmm, yes, I've always been a slut for you... I needed that toy because I could scent you and I thought if I didn't have your cock, I'd
John whined at the attention, Sherlock's words sending a jolt of arousal through him, but he wasn't sure he could come like this; he'd come untouched before, but always with Sherlock inside him. His Omega instincts were taking over as he pleased the Alpha, however, and he slid his fingers to his nipples to tease them as Sherlock kept thrusting into his cleavage. He moaned and spread his legs, planting his feet on the bed, pushing up slightly into the contact with his belly, closing his eyes and allowing himself to feel and hear everything, Sherlock panting above him and obviously close, the attention to his exposed navel, Sherlock's engorged cock dragging along his breastbone... his orgasm built quickly and he came not long after Sherlock demanded it, keening softly as he soaked the underside of his curved belly with thin semen. He lapped at Sherlock's balls even more enthusiastically, wanting his Alpha's orgasm to be spectacular.
"John," Sherlock breathed, heaving a blissful sigh as they lay on their sides together. He cupped the Omega's rounded middle in his hands, rubbing it tenderly, and shifted his leg over John's. "We have the most wonderful family in the world," he purred, smiling and kissing John again. "And our children are the most gorgeous pups to have ever existed. And you, of course, are the most perfect mate." The Alpha's eyes gleamed with joy and pride, even as they grew heavy and began to close. "I can't believe we're doing this again," he murmured, "We are mad indeed, but  I wouldn't have it any other way. Normal's... boring..." Sherlock yawned widely, finding John's fingers and twining them with his own. He nuzzled against his mate, and soon they both were fast asleep, their slow, deep breaths perfectly in sync.
much better this way. This way, Sherlock gets everything; all those pups, a nice slender athletic Omega with no ugly stretchmarks or swollen thighs, and a mind to equal his. Don't you see that's the best way forward?" He pushed the needle into John's arm and stroked the plunger with his thumb. "Deep breath now, Johnny boy. I don't intend to waste any pain relief on you."
he sent fondly, petting the Alpha's dark curls with a happy little sigh.
John mewled breathily as Sherlock's cock impaled him again and again, sliding one hand up and down his mate's spine, exploring the delicate curve of his strong back and still cupping his mate's cheek with the other, finding himself unable and unwilling to break the kiss; it was like cocaine, the more of Sherlock's attention he got the more he wanted. He gasped quietly as the triplets began to move in him again and he knew Sherlock would feel their movement against his stomach.
John mewed softly, surrendering to his Alpha's demanding mouth as he felt the force of the command roll through their bond. For a moment he wasn't certain it was going to work; he'd always been given a verbal command before, but then he felt it, the familiar contraction before he began to balloon outwards, his belly warping and shifting as their children grew and became greedy for space. His belly pushed forward, growing and swelling right under Sherlock's hands; he began to rock gently, fucking himself just a little on the Alpha's cock as the sensations brought him dangerously close to coming just from swelling for his mate. He felt his skin begin to stretch as his belly inflated, growing until he looked easily six months pregnant, the swollen mound pressing hard into Sherlock's flat abdomen. John panted lightly, whimpering a little as his eyes glazed over from the pleasure.
"Jesus, you've really got it bad, haven't you?" the DI asked after moving the sprouts to the right an exact ten centimetres; Sherlock was still frowning in thought, resembling a painter considering his work of art. His eyes flicked up towards the grey-haired Alpha, and narrowed in suspicion. "Well, come on, face it," Lestrade continued in explanation, "I mean, you never would have done all this just for us. It shouldn't
"Four, at least," Sherlock hummed proudly. "I'll do my best to make sure you always know how much I love you, John, and our pups as well," he murmured, wrapping his arms around the Omega and pressing a kiss to his temple. "Rest, my love. We've had quite a day so far, and your body has been through much. I'm not surprised you are so worn out."
Sherlock's hand fisted around his own cock as John birthed, the Alpha biting his lip to keep himself from moaning; John's vocalizations sending pulsing waves of pleasure straight to his cock. He panted with his mate, his own breaths heavy with arousal, stroking himself as John struggled and pushed. He finally had to let go of his enormous member with a groan as the pup began to crown, his hand returning for a few more strokes as the half-crowned head bulged from John's opening, the Omega open wide and helpless to do anything but wait. The Alpha's eyes roamed hungrily over his mate, mentally saving the image of John mid-birth, his belly still round, two pups at his gigantic breasts, panting, straining, and soaking in sweat, his legs spread wide as Sherlock's pup forced its way out of him. His cock still fat and dripping with pre-come, Sherlock reached down to catch the child as the head slowly twisted out of John's opening, inching out with each of the Omega's efforts. It emerged with a gush of fluid, and the Alpha cradled it, crouching between his mate's splayed legs, ready and waiting for the shoulders. He watched John groan and strain with them without progress, their width making the Omega's reddened hole and perineum bulge painfully over and over again. Sherlock frowned when the child was no further along after seven more pushes, his eyes flickering up to his mate. Suddenly, he carefully leaned in and pressed a kiss to the swell of John's belly, showering the Omega in pride, love, and approval, giving his permission for the last birth to happen.
"Jaaaaawwwwwn. Bet you're really plizzed - pleeeeeeased - with y'rself. Married. Preg - pregnant. Po - Perfect Omega. Didn't wanna
Sherlock furrowed his brow in confusion, "'Someone'?" He chuckled a little at the absurdity of it, "John, when did I ever appear even
enough - but you're very pretty and it's time you acknowledged that. I mean look at you, with your prefect little arched eyebrows, big trusting eyes and cute as a button nose," he smiled warmly, pleased at her deepening blush and lessening sniffles. He knew his little speech had been a risky one; it could have reminded her that she wanted to be enough
John kept up his litany of praise and encouragement, never letting Sherlock feel alone, until the machine bleeped a few minutes later to signal the end of the scan. The bed slid slowly out of the machine and when it was safe John waddled back into the room to coax Sherlock off the machine and back into the wheelchair. He allowed the Alpha to nuzzle into his breasts as he sat down, cooing softly to him. When they were settled back in Sherlock's private room, the doctor popped her head round the door. "It's good news - there's no internal bleeding. We're going to keep him in overnight as a precaution, but he should be just fine after a good rest."
- Bees are fascinating creatures, John-," he began, soon losing himself to an excited stream of talk about colonies and hives and beekeeping and experiments as he inspected every inch of the structures with childlike giddiness. It was minutes before he was able to collect himself, his joyous gaze snapping back to his Omega. "Thank you," he murmured sincerely, rising to lean over the sofa and bring his mate into a deep, tender kiss.
He knew his orders would help ease his mate towards subspace, and was gentle in his correction.
John purred lazily at his mate's attentions, wriggling slightly as another egg dropped in response. His mate's seed filled him completely, pooling in his womb, helped along by Sherlock lifting his hips, and the second egg quickly attached. The ripe note of his pregnancy grew just a little stronger, the newest egg still obvious in his scent; now that he had been impregnated by his Alpha some of his aching need dissipated, although he remained wet and ready for more, ready for his mate to fertilise the last egg. In her cot, Viola began to stir, kicking her little legs and beginning to cry for milk, and John instinctively turned towards the sound, lapping at his Alpha's collarbone, asking for the pup to be brought to him.
John thought vaguely, losing himself to his mate's will, ready to be shaped and trained according to his desires.
John had let out a soft cry of surprise when Sherlock entered him, not expecting his mate to be ready again so soon, but eagerly pushed back into his mate's gentle thrusts. He squeezed his slick channel around Sherlock, wanting to bring his Alpha pleasure, feeling his own building as he was milked and Sherlock worshipped his gravid form. As his mate's hand closed around his small cock he keened and pushed back harder, begging for more friction, whimpering in satisfaction when Sherlock obliged and began thrusting a little faster. He arched and came, trembling, just as the bottles reached their capacity and he reached out with shaking hands to turn the pumps off. He felt Sherlock still thrusting into him, obviously close. "Later, I'm going to ride you," he whispered huskily. "I'm going to lower myself onto that magnificent thick cock of yours and bounce on it, my huge belly rearing and rolling above you, so big it'll almost block your view of my breasts..."
he encouraged, pressing his thigh a little harder against Sherlock's cock.
John whined happily at the praise, rubbing himself sensually against his Alpha's hard length as he pushed back into his touch. "Do you want me to make you come like this?" he purred, keeping a steady pace. "Rubbing against you while you stroke my big pregnant belly and finger my wet hole? Or shall I push my little thong to one side and mount your cock, ride you properly?" he panted, his leaking nipples soaking through the cups of the babydoll, making small wet patches darkening the material. "Or do you want to fuck my belly, my Alpha? Slide your thick cock against my stuffed womb, feeling how my belly button has been forced out by your pups?" He whimpered breathily and licked his lips, dragging his clothed cock slowly and deliberately up his mate's.
The majority of the Alphas in the lounge began to prepare to move to the suites as the screens switched back to their previous display, blending seamlessly into the panelling of the walls.
John fought the urge to wriggle in his chair, his military training coming in useful. He was
John frowned. New renter. There wasn't a new renter even when Sherlock was supposedly dead.
“O que exatamente você quer praticar, capitão Watson?” Sherlock questionou. Ele andava na direção de John com os pés trançados, na posição do ballet.
Pressionou o corpo contra as costas de Sherlock, sua ereção presa entre ambos, achando algum espaço entre as nádegas do dançarino. Assistiu-o pelo espelho fechar os olhos e prender a respiração enquanto sentia-o forçar o quadril para trás. Quando John baixou as mãos para enfiá-las no cós da calça do Sherlock, o bailarino o surpreendeu novamente, dobrando o corpo pra frente, as costas arqueadas, fazendo sua bunda arrebitar contra John.
"John, I'm telling you. Sherlock is not here."
“Vá ajudá-los, Sherlock” John viu a garota dizer. Sentira algum tom de brincadeira na voz dela, como que desafiando o instrutor, mas não pensou muito no assunto. Apenas assistiu o rapaz, a contragosto, passar por cada um dos jogadores, ajustando suas posturas, forçando-os a esticar aqui e ali, sempre tocando-os com a ponta dos dedos.
“O que não significa que ele sente qualquer atração por…”
John empurrou Greg, brincando e rindo também.
"So, how's he?" he asked.
“Essas calças são caras, capitão. Nem pense em manchá-la” o dançarino avisou.
Um ardor se espalhou pelo peito de John e subiu pelo pescoço até suas bochechas. Ele prontamente correu para fechar a porta e voltou para o meio da sala.
Sherlock recebeu a notícia logo depois de finalizar a aula de terça-feira. O coordenador da Royal Ballet estava esperando, de braços cruzados, o fim da aula infantil. Fizera um gesto para que Sherlock prosseguisse quando o bailarino ia interrompê-la para ouvir o que o coordenador tinha a dizer. Então, às 10:30 em ponto, Sherlock finalizou com um alongamento.
Mycroft wasn't even looking at him anymore. He was staring blankly at the box. The Holmes father put a hand on his wife's shoulder as she seemed to start crying.
"What's this?" John asked, still staring at the huge amount of money, blank.
I'm very sorry for any mistakes with ranks and details of battalions and that sort of stuff. I'm doing lots of research but eh, there's always someone who knows something you had no idea about. If you know nothing about the British Army of the second world war, this should be belieavable.
A mão de John que segurava a coxa perfeitamente ereta de Sherlock lentamente deslizou para baixo. O capitão sentia cada músculo do dançarino com perfeição por cima da calça de lycra. Os músculos contraídos e os estendidos. Até a área tão exposta entre suas nádegas. No momento que os dedos de John se fecharam ali - seu dedo médio pressionando o leve declive da entrada do professor - Sherlock soltou um gemido involuntário de surpresa. As línguas pararam de mover-se dentro das bocas. Por um momento, Sherlock não se mexeu, apenas manteve-se a sentir o dedo de John tentando forçar uma entrada impossível por cima da lycra, desejando que conseguisse.
