When the radio fizzles out, wandering lost between stations, Castiel fishes out from his pocket the cassette tape he’d taken from the truck. He plugs the cassette into the tape deck, earning a raised eyebrow from Dean but nothing more.
Castiel sighs. His face is flat, difficult to read. “It could have been much worse. But it still was terrible.” His mouth twists into an uneven line. “And it isn’t over yet.”
“Perfect,” Miriam hisses. “Product of nepotism.”
“Well, he’s got that werewolf strength, so… yeah, I’d highlight that.” The canvas board splinters slightly beneath Cas’s grip. Dean scratches the back of his neck. “What about you? Is that…
“I know, Dean, I—”
It’s false bravado on Dean’s part, but Castiel’s smile does become something more genuine. “Absolutely. Everyone is so loyal to you, and for good reason. We all want to do a great job just to please you.” His expression shines with sincerity as he adds, “It’s partly why I enjoy working here so much. The loyalty you inspire.”
to eat out with Castiel every night.
Something he gleaned from a picture ages ago, propped up on a dresser across from the foot of his sickbed.
Unable to visit her daughter, Ellen hikes her way over to Bobby’s, and the two of them complain and converse until night falls and the trees between her and her daughter have faded again.
Dean hums, noncommittal, and measures out a portion of milk for his pasta sauce. There’s not much more he can ask about Sam’s day without brushing up against his duty to maintain client privileges. It’s better if his brother sets the pace about what all he wants to say.
Dean groans low in his throat.
Dean scoffs, elbows him back. “Everybody’s a sap these days.”
Castiel settles on the couch close by, perched anxiously on the edge of a cushion. “I got ahold of Uriel and informed him of the problem. Anael’s also aware that we’ll need her help tonight.”
“Sure seems like it!” Dean replied.
Castiel’s eyes widened, to which Dean hastily added, “I mean, I can give you the tip—
“Oh.” Castiel cannot help the fond grin that blooms, seeing Dean asleep, a small frown line carved between his brows.
Dean grins a little, as Castiel tugs the tie loose from his neck.
. Somehow Dean knows this is considered high praise, coming from Cain. Exchanging an eager look with Castiel, Dean answers for the both of them. “Hell yeah, sir. That’d be great.”
Face flooding with heat, Dean lifts his wine cup as a distraction. He drains it more quickly than he should. He coughs through the dregs, setting the glass down roughly on the coffee table. “I, uh. The converter. Gonna check if—yeah.”
It’s easy enough to do, once he gets into it. Dean might have been removed from the BEAU mailing lists, but Bart never revoked his access to the project’s directory in the cloud.
Once inside the Impala, Dean waits with the key unturned in the ignition. Truthfully, he doesn’t feel like going hunting, not after a day spent fruitlessly circling this flyspeck of a city. Really, he just wants to sit behind the wheel with his phone in hand, to stare out at the rusty red sunset and wonder how the hell Cas could have left when he knew what was coming, when it was clear that Dean was building into telling him something important after the week they’d just had.
“Dean,” Castiel says fondly. “Come on. Roll onto that side. Okay, good. Now roll back.” He tucks the comforter up around Dean’s chin. “Good?”
The humans from the last test have been ushered back to their private heavens. For this one, Castiel chose people he could count on to subvert their attempts at perfection.
Halfway back to the Impala, Dean was mentally counting the remaining flower buds on each plant.
The farmhouse is there, but Cas is gone.
“I’m not supposed to want you,” Cas murmurs, warm and wet into Dean’s ear, “and I thought I could abide by it.”
Castiel inhaled. Held his breath. The night sky around them seemed to crackle. Dean felt a charge building in the air.
“Okay,” Dean said again, even though the line went dead without Cas ever making sense.
But Castiel nudges closer, taking Dean’s hands. His eyes shine with an earnest glow. “You’re capable of doing so much more, Dean. I saw it when we first met, and I see it every day.”
Castiel’s understanding of Rowena clears a little more. It couples with a sorrow he doesn’t recognize, one that rises whenever he recalls her face.
“So it’s alright,” Sam asks, “to just leave him there? He’s not gonna just pop out the next time Cas has a dream?”
They know the names of Abbie’s parents, and by proxy where she lived, but they have no details regarding where she spent her time or even who her friends might've been. Sam's called the house, but so far as the mother knows her only daughter is Libby, the younger sister mentioned during the AMBER Alert spiel.
He knows exactly who he’d lash out at now, but—he’s going to do things differently this time. Before Dean can give into his anger, he forces himself to take his grievances straight to Castiel.
Sighing, Patience takes the map and smooths it along the seat between them. She points out a place within the gray line of the perimeter. “Here. And here,” she adds, moving her finger north of the first point. “There used to be more blocks accessible to the section we just passed by. Then over here—” south, not far from the area they had just been through “—it’s not necessarily growing, but it’s changing weirdly. There are whole u-bend swaths of the city being eaten up—”
But then a breathless noise erupted on the line, and someone was mumbling, “Hello?” in a scratchy voice that didn’t sound like Cas at all.
“I saw,” Castiel said, “and I’m still here. Can you spare a moment to discuss it? Please.”
Sam’s mouth twists with one of his stupid, choked-back grins. “It’s not so bad. In fact, it’s kind of—”
Dean doesn’t have long to dwell on it before he hears keys jangling in the front door. He swings around, pulling his bathrobe tight around him, to find Castiel bumping his way into the kitchen, his arms laden with yet another plastic-wrapped gift basket, this one three times the size of the other baskets combined.
“And there’s too much on your plate that you can’t share with her,” Castiel concludes.
There was another gallon of tomatoes on them, easy.
It’s late afternoon by the time they finally reach North Cove. The clouds have been building since Aberdeen, and have only darkened the longer they drive the 105. Dean takes to tuneless tapping on the steering wheel when the first rain droplets hit just after Cohassett Beach; by the time they exit the state park, the light downfall has turned into heavy rain.
Cas reaches for Claire’s file, frowning. “A runaway doesn’t match the case.”
He doesn’t.
“Deal?” Dean hangs in limbo on that, his heart suspended mid-air. “You made a deal? I thought Lily’s magic would—”
The week passes, then the next, and then suddenly Dean doesn’t have a choice: Castiel’s final day with the team has come.
“Can’t say it was my best lesson, but ...” Dean twitched a smile. “Wouldn’t mind you giving me a second chance. Might learn a thing or two.”
“It’s Dijwar’s men,” the queen shouts at him, catching Dean up despite how his mind rebels against it. A companion drops back to arm her, passing the queen a scabbard adorned in rubies that glitter blood-red.
“Are you even better?” Let me feel your forehead.” Castiel reaches out his hand.
Sam rolls his eyes. “I got ahold of Charlie a couple days ago, got her to hand me off to Rowena. She put me onto a special brand of witchcraft, spells that can target a wide swath of people based on emotional or metaphysical planes. See, most magic happens with a specific target in mind, right?
Dean has to scrub his eyes and read over Castiel’s messages again, now that he’s actually paying attention to them. It’s not what he expected first thing in the morning, in the short window between booting up his laptop and fetching a fresh coffee—namely, an actually intelligent question coming in from their SA.
Castiel laughs, and Dean smiles.
Dean drapes a heavy arm over Cas’s shoulder and pulls him in, lets himself tuck more firmly into the space Cas has claimed from him. He scratches his fingers through the thick hair at the nape of Cas’ neck, catching sight of his own hands winking through. The nail beds have softened, the color returning to pink from the prior black and blue. His vision has cleared. His teeth sit firmly-rooted in his head. Dean is tired, but finally feeling his strength return.
“Can you just settle on a damn meeting place?” Dean yells at both of them, resulting in Sam giving a hasty rundown of which roads Max can take to the motel and Max promising he’ll follow them to the letter.
Too small for the life Dean contained.
Castiel keeps his gaze trained forward, skimming the crowd. “One tall, bald with a goatee. One short with long red hair.”
“Greetings, weekend campers! I am your master of ceremonies, Joyce, and I just want to welcome y’all to our humble abode. We’re ranked number one on CryptAdvisor, at least while we were still paying their annual extortion fees, but now we just don’t appear on their dumb list because we
Dean falters. He drags a finger over his chin, collecting a loose gush of ketchup off his face. “It doesn’t matter,” he says, once he’s swallowed.
“It’s not for work,” Castiel says sheepishly. “I meant a meal. At my place.”
“You like his
Cas begins slowly, “Dean, about that night—”
Dean laughed, sudden and light. When Dean closed his eyes, he could still see the corona of Castiel’s halo, so bright it lit the entire sky.
“Like it’s hard.” Claire scoffs. “She’s just too subtle. I keep telling her boys are stupid. You need big declarations of sucking-face romance or they won’t recognize your interest.”
Cas’ bedroom turned out to be the second door down the hall, across from a bathroom and adjacent to a linen closet. The door wasn’t fully closed, so Dean nudged it open with his foot, leaning in to see whether Cas was hidden within. The nightstand light was on, and the spicy scent was stronger here, banking Dean’s pre-heat into a low flame. Dean clenched his jaw and took a deep breath before he stepped inside.
“Right?” Anael licks clean her stir stick, then tosses it into the trash. “Apparently he argued that the exclusivity contract Cas signed prevents him from working in administration for two years—which is an overreach, if you ask me.”
Cas accepts it, even as he frowns. “Why are you thanking me?”
Castiel wrings his hands, thinking again of the problem of Dean.
Sure enough, Claire’s red car rounds the corner not long later, Sam’s F-150 following in her wake. Dean spies Kaia in Claire’s front seat, the two of them rolling their eyes and grinning over something being shared with Max and Alicia in the back. His gaze wanders to where Sam has parked, catching on Cas and Jack as they climb out.
“You showering?” Dean asks, hunched over a pair of socks he’s pulling on.
“Thank you,” Castiel murmurs, face down, angled toward the target. His cheeks are colored, his shoulders hunched as he says, “Um…”
“Oh. Hello, Dean,” Jack’s voice calls.
“God?” Castiel asks, alarmed. “God’s back?”
Castiel pauses with his mouth open. He then blurts: “I’m worried we’ll go back to fighting, now that we’re at the office again.”
That sets off the giggles inside Dean. He drops Cas’ hand, narrowing as stern a look as he can manage at Cas, under such conditions. “It’s a joke, Cas. Just messing around.”
Dean rubs his neck, his chin twisted to the side until the joints crack. “No one,” he says. “It was just a documentation mistake.”
Afraid that Dean might have changed without him. Changed into someone who doesn’t need him anymore.
Miriam makes a full-body despaired motion, her head dropping dramatically back. "You drive me crazy, you know that?" She rolls her eyes. "You're a good programmer, Dean. You've got nothing to prove there. Just recognize that was a shitty thing to do to your teammates and don’t do it again."
“So ... birthday?” Val asks, filling in the silence as she wanders them through the remainder of the store. She’s thinking of the other two girls, and what would bring them all out to the boonies. Couldn’t be one of them celebrating, otherwise they would’ve just stayed far from Lebanon.
A puzzled hitch hits Sam’s breath. “But—it can’t come to Earth without being summoned…”
“Because I’m not tired,” Dean answers, although it isn’t true. He is brought here by his dream, carried along to where he ought to be.
Castiel gathered in his palm the fluid leaking from Dean’s cockhead, using it to slick his grip. When another bead took its place, Castiel followed the sudden compulsion to lean down and taste it.
Sam cracks a smile. “That it would be.” He accepts the hug Donna gives him.
They cross to the base of the main stairs, the light beating like a pulse as they move. The queen grasps her skirts, lifting the hem enough for a bare foot to peek out and touch the first step.
starts playing on the speakers overhead. By then, Garth is flapping around like an inflatable tube man trying to sell him used cars at a middle class price point. Dean’s just grateful the only obligatory dance move he has to perform is to jump up and down beside Garth, and hold him steady whenever he inevitably falls down.
Dean’s grip stuttered, his wrist twitching as his palm swiped over the head of his cock. “Just stuff.”
Fabric shuffles. His next bleary eyeful catches Castiel rising to full height.
Dean nods, though they both know they’re grasping at straws. He sets aside his empty, debates the merit of grabbing another. His head throbs with a phantom headache, like it’s warning him away. From the corner of his eye he can see Sam mulling something, the glances he tosses Dean’s way revealing more than Sam likely intends. A sixth sense tells Dean a blow is coming, even as Sam contemplates the best way to soften it.
The voice on the phone bursts over the line again. “Cas, buddy, you got company? Who’s there with you?”
Cas is sun-warmed where they touch. His mouth is pliant, opening on the softest sigh. Dean sweeps his thumb across Cas’ cheek, and feels it come away with a scrape of damp earth.
Still leaning against the truck, Castiel sighed. “It’s not a weapon,” he lectured, “it’s a manifestation of celestial energy—”
Dean goes to bed, and drifts off with the nagging feeling he has more he ought to do before crawling in between the sheets. It’s going to take so much more time and effort to get the new guy caught up, and to have Miriam complete their unexpected update, and for Dean and Inias to patch up all the defects that just keep on endlessly coming in. But it’s going to be worth it; it has to be.
“Goodnight,” Castiel whispers, turning off the light.
Dean scoffs. “Imagine that.”
Dean arrives on the legacy floor smiling every morning, eager to greet Inias and Mir and Jo on his way to the coffee cubby. He jumps into his workload with excitement, knowing that he has scrums upcoming with Castiel, that phase two is chugging along, going more quickly than ever.
Max starts marching closer, heading straight through the field along the viewing angle. Giddy, Claire leaps ahead and follows along with him, hooking her arm through Alicia’s and scooping her up along the way. Dean exchanges a look with his brother, but Sam only shrugs and moves to follow with Patience and Cas, who are quietly discussing some theory about the discrepancy between map views.
Dean snorts a laugh. “Hardly. Need at least a full night’s rest before my legs’ll work again.”
With his cheek now mushed up against the carpet, Dean burbles, “What the hell?” He doesn’t remember falling, or Sam collapsing behind him, or Claire laughing so hard she’s slumped into the gap between the beds.
“I mean, are you satisfied, now that you’ve seen it?”
Dean knows he should agree, that he should force himself to tell Sam that it’s okay—involving Cas was a long time coming, overdue only because of Dean. But instead of all that, Dean only spits out, “So what exactly is Cas gonna do that we haven’t already done?”
“Bison? Pork? Angus?”
The pump clicks off while the brother’s puzzling through what it all means. He fetches it, hangs it back on its hook almost absently. His phone then blurps in his pocket, pulling him back to reality. He sets a hand to the coat’s lining and then draws it out, quick as a magician. Whatever message he finds, it makes him sigh with a dramatic flare. “Damnit, Sammy, whatever you’re doing …”
“It’s okay,” Castiel murmured, crowding closer. “You’re not alone.”
As it turns out, the half-a-dozen strangers who’ve come knocking have a huge favor to ask of him, and so with three minutes to spare before opening Donnie finds himself in the midst of planning an impromptu party, the bar closed to the public via a hastily-scribbled sign, made from Sharpie and printer paper, taped to the outside of the door.
“There are about three meals I can cook without burning,” Castiel says, as he pulls a pair of plates out from the cupboards. “You’re lucky this is one of them.”
Whether by chance or design, Dean doesn’t get to see Castiel before the CAB meeting. Not that he doesn’t try messaging him, through both private and work messenger apps. Cas doesn’t answer, and Dean doesn’t have time to chase him; they both have too busy a morning to talk about what was going to happen in the meeting.
Castiel glowers until Sam caves, just a little.
Cas shook his head, his brow burrowing into Dean’s hip.
“Where’s Cas?” Dean asks suddenly, his eyes stinging. “The real one.” His gaze sweeps through their surroundings, vision blurry, but looking for any motion out of place.
En route to the motel, Dean’s phone starts ringing. He digs it out from his pocket and tosses it to Sam, who puts it on speaker and holds it out between them.
Castiel nodded. “Arouse your genitals into orgasm.”
“Oh,” Castiel says. He tries not to be disappointed.
be, but.” Dean huffed again. “It’s a mood. A
“Yeah, I know.” Dean’s been thinking about that too, lately. If Bart and Adler won’t give him the analyst position when he’s already doing it, when there’s zero prospects on the market, who’s to say they’ll ever consider him for a promotion?
Seeing as he expected the exact opposite of a compliment, Dean’s uncertain what to say. “Not sure you’ve noticed, but I lost us the game.”
Dean resting peacefully, the idea alone enough to bring Castiel peace.
Doug sags forward, breathing relief. “Yes. Exactly.”
“Besides,” Sam adds, “odds are the token is at the house, right? The abductors would likely keep one where they’re located.”
They don’t have time. A split-second decision needs to be made.
But there was a deal. Cas said there was a deal. His life, forfeited.
Naomi clears her throat. “Forgive me, but what you ask—it cannot be done. Human beings are too contrary in nature; what is one person’s paradise is another’s personal hell. It is impossible to create a single world where everyone can interact and everyone is happy.” Her hand flutters, dismissive. “Just look at the mess made of Earth; would you have Heaven be the same?”
Dean meets Sam on the poolside patio outside Alicia and Max’s room, after a supper consisting of an excessive number of pizzas. He ate too much, and combining that with the fading effect of the broken token means Dean’s gut is taking a beating right now. He plunks heavily into the chair beside Sam, gratefully accepting the beer angled out between Sam’s fingers.
Dean’s arms gave out, and he collapsed forward, landing heavily atop Castiel. Castiel, who ran his hands soothingly over Dean’s back and sides, and whose thick alpha cock was currently pressed firmly against Dean’s stomach.
Dean swallowed around an uneasy feeling. His fingers found Cas’ hair. “D’you… I mean, I know becoming human wasn’t the plan, but d’you—”
“She’s literally disappeared, Dean,” Sam says. “Social media, news reports, attendance records—everything about her is gone.” Papers rustle on his end of the line. “The girls and I were heading south to Sioux Falls when the AMBER Alert hit. The local stations were in a frenzy over this teen’s abduction: somebody came into her high school in broad daylight, stole her straight out of a crowded cafeteria. They walked across the parking lot, down a nearby street—”
Dean throws the Impala into park. Cuts the ignition. Road dust floats by outside their windows, painting the landscape hazy and pale. The engine ticks down as it cools. Dean leaves his trembling hands on the wheel.
“Yeah. Presentation.”
The call stretches in a puzzled pause, resolving abruptly in a sweeping gust of laughter, adoring and summer-sweet. “Hello, Dean.”
Behind him, along the length of his back, is the weight of another's body. Solid. Warm like a bonfire. A soft cheek rests against his shoulder, breath stirring the fine hairs along Dean’s neck.
“Again, how is it an us-case?”
Dean struggles to make room for both his plate and his ass, perching on the edge of Garth’s lap like he’s trying to accomplish the world’s longest wall sit.
“You think Cas is in danger here?” asks Sam. “That she’s gonna do something to him while she’s in there?”
For the briefest moment, Donnie catches a glimpse of Dean before he sees them: Dean’s chin lifted back toward his shoulder, a half-grin offered to the twins, Max and Alicia, behind him. The sharp twist as his focus turns onto the room, shifting, uncomprehending, until Dean catches the familiar faces within. The shock that slackens his jaw, then the surprise as Claire, Alex and Patience set off a round of party poppers at him, and the whole crowd yells
Dean groans in answer. He looks miserable, sodden and wet. “Except we came out here to take it home.”
Briefly, Castiel is distracted by how Dean’s sandy hair hangs down on his forehead. “Around the breakfast bar,” he blurts. “Back corner.” Castiel grabs a coffee pod from the cabinet, then pauses and collects a tea bag. “You shouldn’t be drinking caffeine right now anyway. I’ll make you an herbal tea, but you can’t have it until you’re back in bed.”
With the lights off, the only glow remaining comes from between the curtains rustling at the window, the bottom inch cracked open to allow in a breeze. The sounds and scents of the city night stir the room as they drift off to sleep.
“Dean,” he says stiffly, while Garth introduces himself as well.
Curse Garth and the horse he rode in on. This was going to be the worst weekend of Dean’s life.
“I know, but you deserve the best. I don’t want you to miss out on any opportunities.”
Castiel is aware of the physiology behind his body’s actions, resting warm and urgent against his belly. He stirs awake to the added pressure of his cock now tenting his underwear.
Dean shrugged. “Been happening so long, I don’t know any different. Just learned how to get by.”
Dean scrambles down the bleacher steps, reaching the final podiums in time to see Cas and Garth forced to stand at first and second place. Cas accepts the shitty trophy handed to him, squinting down at it before abruptly thrusting it into the air.
“Can you imagine being that boring?” Claire says, sidling up beside Dean. Her arms are crossed, her face framed by an oversized pair of knock-off ray bans with the tags still attached. She pops her gum and gives him a cheeky grin. Dean takes the hint and pockets his own shades.
“Who?” Patience asks, tracking Dean toward the door.
“Where here? D’you have my charger?”
He feels the flutter of Dean’s heartbeat, up until it fades away.
“Sure am,” Garth stage-whispers, smushing his way into the booth beside Dean. With a dramatic look around the table, he says, “Word’s out that Mrs. MacLeod-Winchester is married to the Sam Winchester, monster-killer extraordinaire. And seeing how his brother Dean is here too…” He shrugs, trailing off.
“Except this one girl,” Claire says, flipping through a stack of paper. “Rebecca Maurier, age fifteen. She disappeared fourteen years ago, a self-proclaimed runaway. She was gone for about a week before coming home again.”
Dean rolls his eyes. How does Castiel not see what’s happening to him? No point beating around the bush. “They’re phasing me out, Cas.”
Salt lines and painted traps keep the demons from wandering far from the war room. Dean and Sam flank the library entrance while Jack and Michael, back to back, take swipes at the encroaching swarm.
eaten?”
“Uh, fellas,” Garth interjects, “we’re getting lost in the sauce here.”
Recognition dawns in Dean, pinging on the name. “Ahh, yeah. You and Cas met at the LGBT club, right?”
Brows narrowed, Cas tilts his chin down and away, as if embarrassed by him. Dean can feel the heat from his body, Cas is standing so close. For a second, Dean’s stomach flips; maybe under other circumstances, this whole—
Dean’s body followed suit even as his higher functions shorted out; he rolled his hips, meeting the thrusts that Cas was building against his body. Dean could smell the rising musk of Cas’ sweat, could feel the pressure of a knot mounting inside of him. The room was wet with the sound of their bodies meeting, the rough breaths they were both sucking in as they frantically increased their pace.
. Because if he’s not willing to talk about this with Sam or Jack, then he’s sure as shit not gonna mince it out with some archangel-loving bastard son of John Winchester who still has his best celestial lifemate right there with him while Dean is—
Dean stands still at the edge of Castiel’s desk. His hands are fists in the pockets of his dress slacks. “Got a couple questions about BEAU,” he says, clipped. “If you got a minute.”
Cas hums like he doubts it, though the corner of his mouth has lifted. He leaves his beer, picks up his grace bottle, and allows Dean to lead him back across the yard.
“Thanks.” Dean unravels the cord and uses it to plug his phone into his laptop. It’s a moment before it has enough life to turn back on. When it does, it likewise boots up with a scrolling list of notifications coming in from several chat apps, plus the chat app he and Sam use for calls.
“Aww, shucks.” Dean ducks his head down. He taps his wet boot against Castiel’s. “Careful, or I’ll think you like me.”
“Five minutes, and no more,” Cas insists, his hand firm on Jack’s shoulder. “If you can’t find the token by then, come back and we’ll come up with another plan.”
Cas slides a hand to the back of Dean’s neck, curving him down. Kissing him. Gentle. Yielding.
Castiel closes his eyes. He doesn’t need to meet the man’s eyes; he has already memorized their shade of green. “Dean.”
He hunches over the disposable cup and breathes in the steamy scent of coffee, his shoulders rounded, head bowed down over his knees. He takes a moment to appreciate the warmth of the cup and the brightness of the sunrise, the soft blues and pinks shining along the Impala’s chrome finishing. It could’ve easily turned out that he’d never see the start of another day.
“Likely,” Cas drones. “But enough to make innocent attendees pay the price?”
Claire makes a show of blowing dust off the cassette, sighing loudly and asking where she can find the aux cord. Dean spends the next hour fending her off from plugging her phone into anything even remotely resembling a jack, followed by a brief squabble when she accidentally snags her charger inside an air vent.
Dean winces. “I didn’t mean anything by it.”
In the garden that once was the throne room, Castiel sits in his favoured spot, contemplating. With his courage summoned, he bows his head and prays.
Jack nods. “Maybe I can show you. Some other way.”
Dean curses, his eyes squeezing shut. Words burst out of him, begging to be said. “I can’t do it. I just can’t. This life ain’t made for guys like me. I keep telling Sam I’m fine, keep telling myself I can make it, but—” His breath comes out shaky, his eyes watering again. “I don’t want to do it without you. None of it. I need you.”
Dean jumps.
His black trench coat flaps around him, as he turns to face Dean.
“I don’t know,” Adler says. “It’s not my department. But as your boss, I’m saying we need you right where you are, taking care of the team on the day-to-day level.”
For Cas.
Inias' smile sobers, his gaze growing sincere. "So how are you? You really scared us. Castiel was really worried when he told us how he found you."
“You two?” Laughing, Dean draws a finger between his brother and Rowena. “Oh man, Sammy. You’re never living this one down.”
“Yeah.” Dean tilts his head back and forth, watching the farmhouse disappear and reappear. “Freaky.”
Donnie’s almost been lulled into complacency by time half a dozen phones chime out roughly at the same time. Sam tries to shout something from his table, but when the crowd doesn’t respond, Jody peals out a sharp whistle and calls loudly enough to bring them all to attention, shouting a no-nonsense,
“He’s with Michael,” Dean says, more confident than he feels. He lost sight of Jack too.
The boy turns to her slowly, disbelief hanging from his slackened jaw.
“Good idea,” Dean says, accepting the bottle. The label marks it as the same one Dean left with him a while back, after retreating home from Castiel’s impromptu caretaking while Dean was ill. He leaves Castiel to kick off his coat and shoes, returning to his laptop to review the import’s log files.
, but a heightened version of himself, his summer rain scent gaining an ozone-sharp bite, the sweet breeze notes now paired with a ripe peach undertone. The smell of sunshine with a rich, aromatic edge.
Castiel hums agreement. He finishes packing up his laptop and swings his messenger bag over his shoulder, pausing at the door to politely usher Dean outside his office first. They walk together across the cubicle floor. His breath hitches slightly, his shoulders squaring before he says, “Care to join me for dinner?”
Dean made a show of grimacing at the mess adorning his chest. “You weren’t kidding about the not-walking thing, huh.”
"Yeah. Okay, fine. I get it." Dean tucks the box into his elbow, and gestures for peace with his free hand. "Tell you what. How about you keep those for now, and we'll use them up some other night. Y'know. For pasta dinner sometime."
Surprise, surprise. How stupid of him to think anything different would happen to him.
Cas, bless him, understands. He should; he knows Dean better than anyone. His soft smile grows wider, his hand fitting firmly in its resting place, cupped snugly against Dean’s cheek.
Cas smiled, small but sincere. Dean ducked his head, unable to embrace its warmth. He distracted himself by grabbing the duffel bag, fishing out a shower sleeve from it. Cas pulled it on, then openly stared as Dean began to undress.
Dean prickles, body stiffening with some emotion Castiel cannot yet identify. His fist wraps more heartily around Castiel’s hand, ensuring he doesn’t dare pull away.
Murmuring another curse, Dean rolls onto his stomach, trapping his heavy cock between his body and the sheets. He thrusts a little, torn on whether to indulge the lust still swirling in him, or banish it outright by waking in full.
“What d’you think I’ve been trying? With this whole trip to—” Dean drops his hands to his thighs, sighing. Quietly, he says, “You’re my rock, Cas. I would never... I don’t wanna ever lose you again.”
Castiel watches the flames catch on on the pyre, his eyes stinging.
The office floor is empty, the work day over.
Dean scoffs, a laugh he hardly feels. He thinks abruptly of Mary, and the sorrow comes crashing in again. “She’s gone, Cas.”
Dean shook his head, turning onto his side, facing away. Castiel didn’t accept the brush-off blithely; he wrapped his arms around Dean once more, one hand settling on Dean’s chest, the other on the softness of Dean’s belly.
With a rough breath through his nose, Dean filled a second bowl with pasta and carried them both through the living room.
Above all, Dean will know his bed is cold and empty, made a mournful place without its second set of breaths.
“Kidding.” Dean chuckles, drawing Castiel’s hand off the pan handle. “So I exaggerated a bit.” He takes a spoon from the counter and dips it into the sauce. Breathing over it, he slurps up the sample, then licks the spoon clean. “Better than store-bought.”
Cas’ sigh transformed into a yawn. He propped himself up on his elbow; Dean caught him looking from the corner of his eye. “Well, actually, I’m thinking how we should stay in the living room for the next round. Since you seem so keen on me watching these movies.”
Castiel’s frown breaks fractionally at the sight of him, giving way to a crinkled smile that’s close enough to be captured in a kiss.
Castiel’s small smile fades, the longer Dean stands there without responding. He nods once, sharply, before reaching for the door, leaving the room as quietly as he had entered it.
“No foul,” Ricky says, shrugging. So they’re back to fresh. Beginner levels. He walks him through the chuck mixes they have on hand, the jalapeno cheddar pork patties, the pork and beef salsa, even the veggie patties they bring in custom for Peg Mussey. When none of them jump out to Doug as appealing, Ricky dials it back and thinks on it a moment, tapping a finger on the glass above the display. “Y’know, it’s a basic ground, sure, but if you’re up for it, this chuck would take to burgers beautifully.”
“Yeah,” Claire answers, sitting up from her paper-laden perch on the couch. “Yeah. It’s totally Abbie.”
Dean tamps down the smile he only belatedly realized he was giving, watching Castiel from the other end of the hall. “Think it’s gonna live?”
The drive passed in silence, stuffy with the same uncomfortable funk they had suffered before. Dean fiddled with the wipers, glancing between the road and the passenger seat, then back to the rearview mirror. Sam exchanged increasingly bewildered looks with him, all of which nudged Dean toward talking with Cas.
Most times, as he’s snaking a hand inside his underwear, Castiel thinks about Dean. He shuts his eyes and pretends that he’s kissing him, lips against his mouth, his cheek. He murmurs praises into Dean’s ear. Pretends to hear soft words in return. Pretends that their fight is a lover’s quarrel, one that Dean doesn’t know how to close now that Castiel has forgotten what it was like when they were together.
On the other side of the room.
first birthday
He thinks that might be the end of their interaction, but when Castiel gets to the doorway, slacks and shirt folded over one arm, he pauses, his back turned. His free hand drums nervously along the door frame. “I’m not sure how you’ll take this,” he begins. “But I’ve been meaning to say it for a while.”
“Do you know the average number of penalties issued per game?” Novak asks archly.
Without thinking too deeply about it, Dean tucked his face into the crook of Castiel’s neck, scenting the rainstorm where it was strongest. He unfolded his arms and brought them around Castiel, tugging him closer until their chests were touching.
A brow raises Dean’s way. “You liked her fiancé?”
Dean doesn’t have it in him to accept his loss just yet.
Scrubbing a hand through his hair, Dean almost believes it. It’s almost enough to banish the thought of Castiel—now in the shower with him, naked, sudsy with a rich lather of bubbles clinging to his skin—from occupying his mind.
Since we're reaching the end, I'm speeding up the posting timeline to every other day.
His breath is warm against Dean’s face, his small smile hopeful. That base, animal instinct claws its way up inside Dean again, the craving to hold Cas close too strong for him to deny.
That breaks Dean in a way he never expected. He tightens his fingers, locking his grip around Cas, fighting for the even keel he lost sometime days ago, around the time Cas turned subservient to the anger Dean threw his way. “You aren’t happy?” Dean asks, and immediately he could hit himself for his stupidity. Of course Cas isn’t happy; how could he be with everything that’s happened.
Nat thrusts the paper bag out at his gut, startling him enough that he grabs it on instinct.
Castiel blinks. “I thought you knew this was coming. You said as much to me.”
Not only are there gift baskets, but there are
Dean winces. “
Late in the night Dean limps over to the bathroom, feeling wrung out and weary, barely spry enough to fumble his way through a piss break. He keeps the lights off, his footsteps slow. As his eyes adjust, vision returning through the black patches, he spies an armchair pulled up to the foot of his bed, Sam dozing in its depths.
But this is Jack. Castiel has witnessed the paradise his birth would usher in. And if he requires Castiel’s help...
Dean motioned to the mark on his face, a bruise freshly shaped by a fist. “Talked shit, got hit. Came back for the medkit.” He raised a brow at Castiel. “Since when do you need to shower?”
Castiel spends a lot of time in his room, bored out of his mind, since he’s technically still recovering from surgery, but doesn’t actually feel like sleeping every hour of the day.
They drive like the elderly down side streets and through the suburbs, their windows down while the day’s still early enough to pass them a cool breeze. Dean grinds his knuckles along the steering wheel, an eye kept out for back alley exits should they accidentally enter the boundary head-on. His stomach seems more sensitive to the perimeter than hers, acid reflux hitting him a block or more before Claire’s purported brush-ins.
“Hardly,” Kaia grumbles, kicking a rock across the parking lot. Claire bumps her with her hip, and Kaia unfolds her arms and elbows back at Claire.
Dean nods to himself. “Me too.”
“Oh,” Castiel said. “Go ahead.”
“Uh, Rowena,” Dean begins, clearing his throat. “What did you find out about the hex bag Sam found?”
Castiel is summoned by Miriam and Hester to review the state of private torture one human has inflicted upon herself.
“I know, right?” She laughs. “Hardly seemed like he knew I existed. Especially with how hard he’s been moon-eyeing over
Castiel steps out from his office around the time the cake shows up. Dean seeks him out on instinct, catching the way Castiel sidles up to the outskirts of their collective, like he’s unsure whether he belongs in the fray.
Castiel’s gaze snapped to Dean before he remembered himself, quickly looking away. “Not always.”
“The Mark—” Dean cuts off, breathing hard. His nostrils flare. “The Mark was gone years ago.”
“I…” Castiel hangs there, uncertain. “I think I remember. Another time when I was… injured. I heard myself saying—some things. I just wondered—if it was to him.”
Cas grabs his ass, forcing Dean into a new position, and suddenly Dean’s moans shift an octave higher, his grip scrabbling over Cas’ back as his vision whites out and he’s coming, holy fuck,
His mouth is a wet line so close, so close to Dean’s own.
“Yes,” Cas says simply. “I do.”
Just like that, Cas was himself again.
“I won’t fuck you,” Castiel said, though his eyes were darkening, and his voice was clearly strained.
With Garth in one cabin and Sam and Rowena in another, the only privacy Dean can find them is in the shitty ‘64 Greenbrier Garth left in the parking lot. Dean jacks the lock and crawls inside, tripping over piles and piles of pillows before he manages to swing open the van’s side doors for Cas.
Castiel glowered. The truck headlights powered on again.
Sighing, Jody flaps her arm wildly out at the frontage road. “They were behind us just a minute ago, but knowing Claire they probably stopped for drive-thru somewhere.”
He revisits the night Dean took him to a brothel, Castiel himself petrified by the prospect of Dean leaving his side without yet comprehending why.
Please, God, let the Empty—
Dean frowns down at the paper. He’s staying at Castiel’s?
He waits until Sam hangs up before tossing his cell across his empty bed.
Dean mumbles something in a pleasant tone. Castiel assumes it is a yes.
“Oh.” Castiel admits it looks pretty bad; the worst of the bruising hasn’t faded yet, even though he treats the scars with cream every night. He has to hope that the unevenness of his skin will fade as the years pass. Has to hope he’ll have years left to let them fade.
Haltingly, Castiel adds, “I started job hunting, after that awful meeting with the CAB. And I’ve lined up a new position—with a college, actually.” His mouth twists mournfully. “It’s why I’ve been so… distant, lately. It’s been weighing heavily on my mind. Sorry,” he tacks on, clumsy.
They’re all so happy with each other, like it is enough that life simply gathered them into one single place.
Frowning, Castiel glances down at the top booklet. When he doesn’t find what he’s looking for, he begins flipping quickly through the remainder. “I don’t see one.”
Dean gazed down at his feet, scuffing his heel against the tile. “Nothing. It’s nothing. Just saw that, uh. You canceled me again.”
Dean cursed again, pulling Cas into an impulsive hug. “Why didn’t you tell me you’re sick?”
The sky is fully dark, the hour well into the evening, when Dean arrives at his modest one-bedroom apartment. He tosses his keys onto an end table and kicks off his shoes, moving immediately to unpack his laptop and power it up again. He carries the device to the kitchen as it’s booting, sets it on the table. Pulls apart his tie as he elbows on the kitchen lights.
Dean rubs a thumb against his lips. Drops his hand. Swallows hard. "This," he says, knuckles rapping against the table, “is where you died.”
Garth turns his best puppy-dog eyes onto Dean, which amount to little more than a knock-off copy of Sam’s patented gaze, shoddily reproduced by some underground market with only a vague inkling of its true power. Dean stares back, undeterred, except for the old programming in his brain that flips a faulty switch, kicking on a knee-jerk instinct and screaming,
that could actually help us—”
“Is everything a joke to you, Winchester?” Novak growls out, all smoke and gravel up in Dean’s face.
Donnie passes Cas a fresh Texan Star before prepping Dean’s tequila shots. Cas moves a seat closer to Dean, leaning in to whisper something. Dean nods, grinning, his whole body relaxing with his smile. As Cas retreats from the barstool, he grips Dean’s shoulder, leans in, and presses his mouth against Dean’s temple. Dean bucks up at that and tugs Cas back before he goes, earning a small grin from Cas and a brief peck to the lips that lingers in Dean’s grin.
At least, that’s what Dean suspects happens. One moment he’s cutting up the side ice, the next his helmet’s flying and his head is throbbing, his ears are ringing and his vision has fully blacked out.
Dean’s breath clings tight in his chest, refusing to come out. He wasn’t expecting such baldfaced sincerity from Castiel, especially after the blow-up Dean had at him only a few days ago.
“So what time’s the birthday boy due?” Donnie asks, slapping a towel onto his shoulder. An hour has passed, and it seems like the rest of Dean’s people have sauntered in, the size of the crowd stabilizing somewhere around a couple dozen.
Overhead, the mess hall speakers screech with an awakening microphone. Joyce’s sunshine voice falters briefly as she announces the arrival of another late guest. “Please help me give a big, warm welcome, to Mrs. MacLeod-Winchester!”
“Don’t worry,” Maggie murmurs, “they’re both total sweethearts. You’re safe here.”
Or meetings with Castiel. In person. The three of them in Castiel’s office, laughter coming in muffled from behind closed doors.
Castiel shrugged. He was more interested in how Dean’s hands were roaming, moving up over his chest before sliding down beneath the band of his boxers. Castiel mimicked Dean’s motions, touching at his own neck and chest, rubbing at his navel; wrapping a loose fist around his half-formed erection. Castiel’s cock was already harder than he had managed before on his own. He pumped it gently, taken aback by the surge in sensation.
He has his savings, so it’s not like he’d starve if he—
“C’mere,” Dean says, reaching for a hug. But Jack leans away, arms instinctively raised. And that—that hurts. Fuck. Of course Dean didn’t fix this yet; once again, he’s just making a mess—
“Sap,” Dean mutters, his cheeks heating. He flattens his hands along Cas’ back and curves him in, fulfilling the promise of his kiss.
“And you want to—you want us to be—”
He could smell himself in the room, the musk of his body’s needs rising in complement to Cas’ own delectable taste. He had never wanted an alpha’s knot until now, now that he had found his perfect mate.
. And that—
He ponders it a moment, then says decisively, “I’m going to check you over at my house and then decide whether you need the hospital. Is that okay, Dean?”
Dean shuts his eyes against the sudden sweep of nostalgia. The old way he’d shoot out of bed to find Cas standing there, patiently waiting for him. The patent frown and fluffy bedhead that Dean somehow came to love.
“It’s not. Just.” Dean’s mouth trembled, trying not to smile. “Your halo?”
Cas scowls at Dean. Without breaking his glare, he holds his grace bottle out to Patience. “Watch this, please. Don’t drop it.”
And Dean, he didn’t—
Dean also can tell, without looking, that Cas lays awake beside him. Not because of any special cue; he just knows Cas well enough to tell whenever he’s tuned in to Dean’s breathing.
“And how different are the file versions?”
“How’ve you been, Cas?” Jody asks, reaching out to touch his arm. “Still adjusting?”
Dean blinks hard. He clears his throat, plucking at his ruined shirt. “Any chance there’s a spare in the back?”
“Both of you, please,” Castiel says, exasperated, as Dean and Miriam laugh and swat at each other. Dean settles back in his seat, giving Castiel his full attention. “What do you think, are you going?”
Dean nods along, pushing the details into deep memory as they recite the additional information they all know about the case.
Dean glances over his other shoulder, through the patio screen where Patience is keeping close to Max. Dean’s chuckle curls into a sigh, a smirk coming to rest on his face. “So who’s gonna break it to her that she’s barking up the wrong tree?”
“Halation?” Dean asked.
Patience dips her head and chews until her mouth is clear. “It’s the perimeter. Over there.” She points across the grass, beyond the trucks idling between them and the Biggerson’s.
“No,” Castiel agrees, “but it’s come up more than once. On emails throughout the summer.” His eyes soften, his expression growing warm. “You’re earning a reputation up the chain of command.”
The way Sam says it, so certain and insistent… Dean chugs the last of his beer and pushes roughly out of his chair. He gathers his empties, making quick work of dropping them into the cooler, waving off Sam’s attempts to help.
These girls all have long glamorous hair: one dark and straight, one dark and wavy, the last with rippling blonde waves. They wear layered coats over their jeans, but the blonde tops off her look with a leather jacket that seems authentic and worn-in.
Castiel straightens his laptop and searches for the number to the nurse’s helpline. As he adds it to his contact list, the late hour on his phone screen flashes up, and he groans at the sight of it. It’s going to take him an hour yet to clean up Dean’s bungled meeting documents. Castiel may as well settle in for a while
The beeping continues, louder, and the man with short hair grumbles, “Christ, Sammy, he’s got a tube down his throat. What kind of answer did you expect?” To the woman, he barks: “Can we get somebody to help him here?”
Twenty-six posters.
“Wendigos get that big,” Dean offers, no heat behind it.
By time the night is over, Dean is sweaty and stretched out and exhausted, his mind buzzing mildly with his fair share of chocolate martinis. He stumbles his way down the main path, pulled into an abrupt halt when he sees Cas standing awkwardly outside another cabin down the way.
By time Castiel comes out, the food he’d ordered has been bought and paid for. Dean has his burger wrapper open on the bed beside him, a pile of salty fries poured out across it. He chews mindlessly, watching the television, except as soon as Castiel enters, his attention draws away.
Castiel lets loose a long breath. “What happens next? Do we need to advise anybody else?”
“Cas,” Dean smiles. “I wasn’t into it.” Cas searches his face, frowning, so Dean adds, “I promise! That was just for our cover story, I wasn’t—”
Castiel waved away the offered styrofoam cup. “Where’s Sam?”
“Oh. A shoe,” Cas says simply. “It’s in the bag, if you’d like to look.”
Dean’s legs twitched shut, too late to stop the trickle of slick now leaking from his body.
He catches when Castiel’s neck stiffens, shoulders rising in his sleep.
“Probably not,” Castiel says sadly. “Not yet, at least. Wiser to wait for this storm to die down.”
“I’m just—happy,” Castiel responds, when Dean asks him about it, sitting parked as Baby idles, waiting for the car to warm. “I like them, and they liked you. I’m very happy.”
Castiel dips his head, eyes twinkling above a small, genuine grin. “Thank you, Dean.”
Turning the ignition, Dean flashes Claire a plastered-on grin. “Where to first?”
“Let me,” Castiel mumbled, a ghost against Dean’s mouth. Dean’s lips parted around a sob. His arm flew around Castiel’s shoulders, pulling him in and swallowing him whole.
Dean flushed at the memory of filling out the web form last night, experiencing anew the depths of his humiliation as he suffered through each and every prying question AS asked about his heat. He’d never had a cycle so bad before that he had to contemplate hiring a service to handle it, but the throes he’d gone through yesterday had made him abruptly reconsider.
“Something red meat,” Doug says. “Beyond that, the menu’s open.”
“Still. No excuse for blowing up at you like I did. Sorry,” Dean adds, though it hardly conveys the weight behind what he means.
Castiel shrugs, his shoulders tightening. “It’s hard getting placements when you’re…” He gestures to whatever seems to be the problem, which ends up being the entirety of himself. “After I was let go, my brothers pulled some strings to get me hired at the law office.” His flattened smile turns brittle. “Not exactly an esteemed career history here.”
Castiel offers an awkward smile. “I see I’m not the only one burning the midnight oil.”
“About the end of legacy? Yeah.”
“Dean,” Sam says sharply after him, but Dean has already dropped the keys and walked away.
Dean tetches. “Too bad. Hand it over anyways.”
“Excuse me,” Zach calls after Cain, on his unstoppable march across the pasture, “I was told there would be changing stalls on-site?”
Ruby snorts. “So, what? You need a way to demon-proof your new heaven?”
Claire spits out the window, continues her tapping. “Patience cares, s’all.”
Except Cas does something simpler than sharing words. His hand drifts across the lonely expanse between them, stretching until his knuckles bump the side of Dean’s wrist.
“Need a squeegee,” Nat gruffs out, knowing by now the answer.
Castiel falters looking at him, though he’s not sure why. He feels compelled to explain himself, somehow, again and again. “My phone. She’s a contact in it. But I haven’t heard from her lately.”
Beyond that, Dean only remembers his blurry requests to get put back on the ice.
Castiel paled, making room for Dean to straighten his legs. “Are you—?” he began, reaching toward Dean with two fingers extended.
“The other day. In the Impala.” Castiel shifted again, fidgeting. “It upset me. More than I thought it would.”
. Dean and I just have too much chemistry.”
“Do you really want to give up?” Sam asks, so quiet it sends a shiver through Dean. “I looked up abduction statistics. D’you know the odds for cases like Abbie’s?” Sam takes a breath. “In the first three hours, seventy-five percent of the kids are killed. After twenty-four hours, the odds rise to
“Yeah, well…” Dean looks away, feeling awkward. He doesn’t like thinking of himself as a caretaker to anybody except Sammy, and Eileen now too.
Dean glimpses the back of his own head, his hair ruffled by the hands trailing down his neck, wrapping around his shoulders.
The resort staff walks the caber upright until Garth can nestle it against his shoulder. He leans down and, with a quick snap of the knees, brings the log up in his interlocked hands.
He can’t believe it. Can’t believe what he’s seeing.
“Hey,” Sam says, Dean’s laptop balanced on one arm, his free hand laden with a stack of printer paper. “So get this—the local area’s been heavily pioneered by Scandinavians, right? Well, I found something about these creatures called the skogsra, so I printed them off—oh, hey Cas—from the lobby. They’re seductresses of the forest, and skilled in magic and illusion—”
“No, thank you,” Castiel murmurs absently, fixated on a back burner pot threatening to boil. “I’ve put in a lot of practice to get even halfway good at this. I’m not going to let some amateur come in and mess me up.”
The en-suite bathroom dumps him out into the only bedroom the cabin has to offer: a moody king-sized four-post bed capped with a heaping pile of chocolate-dipped strawberries, presented on a golden plate. Garth, lounging on the bed, picks his way through the top of the plate, brushing the dusting of gold leaf off the strawberry before giving it a hearty bite. “Mm, Dean, these are really good,” he says through a mouthful. “You should really try ‘em.”
Cas turns his gaze back to Dean. He holds up two fingers. “Let me try.”
manner.
The two girls with dark hair make a beeline for the center aisles and snack section, leaving the blonde to what looks like an ongoing conversation she’s having on her cellphone.
“Sorry,” Hannah begins, leaning deeper into the room. Her voice is low, and her gaze keeps darting back over her shoulder. “I know lunch isn’t over, but Raph is making the rounds in the office,
“You think I’m letting you fuck me while Indy is on-screen?” Dean tetched, supplying more bravado than he actually felt. “Didn’t take you for the sharing type.”
Castiel lasts a minute before his body crumples. He slumps back in his seat, head dropping against the low back of the chair.
“Don’t say anything,” Dean murmurs roughly, when Miriam looks over him, gaze lingering on the furnace glowing in his cheeks.
He sets aside the crumpled bag and reaches for where his phone has fallen screen-side down. As he lifts it, a rapid throbbing sensation crawls up Dean’s neck, so vicious it feels like his veins might split. The sensation fades once Cas has presumably locked the screen.
Dean has never worked with someone he wants to talk to when the work day is over, someone who inspires text messages about something he saw in traffic or during a show he’s watching, someone who has him researching which takeout joint he can suggest they order from next. Just random moments throughout his days where he thinks “Castiel would like that.”
Castiel sits quietly in the truck’s musty cab, hands to himself, eyes wandering. There are few possessions left to the vehicle, this many years since being abandoned, but the truck has a few faint glimpses of the Castiel who had owned it, for a time.
Inside, their room boasts a narrow layout that spans the full width of the motel’s side wing, all decked out in a gaudy casino theme. A couch and a two-seat table greet the main door, followed by an off-yellow kitchenette paired beside the bathroom. An archway splits the kitchenette from the back half of the room, which contains two neon blue beds and a dresser topped with a vaguely-outdated flatscreen.
Ryan nods, expression soft despite her disappointment. She’s seen less and less of her friend lately, and part of her had hoped that had been due to reasons beyond live-risking adventures. She’d hoped that having a social life had finally registered back on Maggie’s radar, that they finally had the chance to be light and frivolous in a way neither of them have properly pursued in years.
The blonde girl glances her over, her demeanor calming when she notices the
The djinn looks up at Dean, then looks to where Cas sits across from her. Dean can’t see the look Cas gives her, though he can guess what kind of eyeroll is currently happening behind his back. But then a measured conversation passes between Cas and the queen, one that uses looks and stares Dean would’ve thought only come with years of history propped up behind them. It startles him, to think that Cas has already built some brand of silent speech between him and his
“I should have killed you,” it says in Meg’s trembling voice. “I should have shoved you so far into sleep that you suffocated on your every breath.”
Dean inhales sharply through his nose. Holds it. Holds until a stinging settles between his ribs.
Huh. At least Sam’s city runaround makes sense now.
He revisits Dean kicking him out of the bunker, this time capable of feeling the remorse and regret rolling off Dean in waves.
—a cloudless blue sky.
After another day of fervent searching, they triangulate their best guess onto empty fields the size of a couple hundred football fields, based on Rebecca’s reported abduction fourteen years ago.
Dean offers a tight smile to the onlookers as they stride past them, trying to ignore the slack jaws and horrified expressions following in their wake. Cas glowers back at the dinner party as he follows, while Rowena waves regally to the crowd as they exit.
Nat shrugs with her bad shoulder. “Seen all sorts of plates today. South Dakota. Texas. Minnesota. Even saw a New Mexico one roll by.” That one had been a thirsty beast, dropping an extra eighty in her pocket when the boys driving it wanted a couple jerry cans for some bonfire being planned tonight.
“Yeah, well,” Dean coughs out, uncertain where he’s going with it. The guy’s clearly given him an out here. Lamely, he adds, “Any questions on the ‘shape’ of legacy, you know where to find me.”
Castiel gave no answer, choosing instead to seek out Dean’s cheek again, moving lips across stubble to seal their mouths together. He rocked his hips to the pace Dean was moving, setting counterpoint to the rhythmic thrusts Dean made against his buttocks. Castiel wished desperately that their shirts were off, that there were no clothes between them, and though he could easily make it so he doubted Dean would take the surprise without breaking the spell between them.
“Is this true?” Inias asks, email pulled up on his cell phone, and Dean’s heart sinks a little, shot down by the somber tone tainting Inias’ usually-easygoing ways.
“I’ll do it. Bring the world back and I’ll do it.”
He thinks of Cas. Of the dent his head left on Dean’s pillow.
Dean inhales deeply, humming through his exhale. “Smells great. Need a hand?”
Another hour seems like a while to kill without the guest of honor, but with the music playing and the beers flowing, nobody seems to mind. Sam starts a tab and orders a dozen plates of appetizers to tide them all over, and Donnie hangs behind the bar, fielding people as they come up to order drinks.
Castiel stills. “A nephilim.”
He thinks of Dean tucked tight against his body, hands on his hips and in his hair. Thinks of Dean pushing him into the mattress, or being the one being pushed. Of Dean being the one with his hand around Castiel’s cock. Or his mouth, plunging plush and wet.
Castiel’s mouth flattens into its typical pink line, but Dean takes victory in the rosy hue he’s brought to Castiel’s cheeks.
Dean casts his eye back as he departs, his steps lingering in the doorway, but Castiel’s attention has studiously returned to his laptop. If he glances up as Dean leaves, Dean doesn’t get to meet his gaze.
Less quickly, Castiel follows.
Dean makes a choking noise. “Sammy, no—“
“I know my brother, Dean. Michael is not going to leave me in this position unscathed.” Castiel brushes his thumbs over the back of Dean’s hands, clasping them lightly. “Take the weekend to think it over. I’ll be handing in my notice sometime next week, before my replacement talks can begin.” Gently, he adds, “I want to put your name in, as long as it’s okay with you.”
The kitchen inside is… normal, if plain. No cobwebs or dust, only gentle signs of wear. Mismatched coats and shoes on a mat by the entryway. Dishes dry in the rack beside the empty sink, fruit ripens in bowls on the counter, and a mound of hard, homemade bread sits half-eaten on a cutting board. The late afternoon light shines through scummy windows, but otherwise the place is neat and clean. Ordinary, with an outdated stove and refrigerator.
"Dean,” Castiel calls behind him. “You forgot these."
Dean sighs, brushing their brows together. He curls his fingers gently along Cas’ arm. “So… d’you wanna do that again sometime?”
Castiel’s face falls. “I just thought…” His hands fold together in his lap, a thumb running knuckles smooth.
“Cas?” Dean called quietly, hushed by the darkness in the room. His senses pricked on some unknown spice scenting the air, one that nudged the banked heat rolling in his gut, stoking its embers.
Sam nods, accepting the lukewarm attempt even as he side-steps away. “I keep coming back to something occult. The worshippers of a pagan deity? A witch? Golem, maybe?”
“You’re confusing me with yourself again,” Castiel mutters.
They push two tables together; Ellen brings out a line of shots. Castiel humours them by taking his drinks at the same time as the rest of them, knowing that as an archangel there is even less likelihood that he will feel the alcohol’s effects.
“Thought you were researching,” Dean grumbles.
Dean cheers. “See? Just don’t twist while you’re throwing. You’ll be fine.”
Mouthing mimicry, his eyes rolling, Dean heads for his bed and pulls down sheets. A soft grunt comes behind him, accompanied by abrupt footsteps, the sound of Cas staggering back. When Dean looks, Cas has much the same posture as before, except now he’s three feet away from the wall.
“If you don’t want the SA position, then you should consider finding a job someplace else too.”
“Not Miriam’s,” Sam surmises.
From the side of the mess hall, a too-chipper voice chimes out, “What’s this about a text message?”
“So it’s a party for your partner,” Ricky says slowly.
Dean blinks, recovering himself with a couple pointed sips from his coffee. “Gotta say, you’re a little weird, man.”
Val drops her gaze back to the apples, long enough that she can finish facing the section and pack her emptied boxes onto the cart. She wheels by the front bakery instead of heading to the back, earning a scowl from her supervisor, Josh, over at the deli counter, but Val pays him no heed as she faces the displays on her way.
Fuel sings its way into the car. His thumbs clack away on his phone.
His new outlook bleeds into everything: his home life, his work day. Everything.
Castiel flicked his wrist, expertly palming Dean’s cock before swiping sharply back down. Dean hissed through his teeth, his body sinking back into the sheets as his hips lifted of their own volition. His gaze swung wildly, locking with Castiel’s.
He can do that. They can make this mistake together.
Garth laughs, strawberry juice leaking at the corner of his lips. “It’s a couples retreat, Dean-o. Of course there’s only one bed! Speaking of,” he adds, throwing himself off the bed. He heaves a suitcase up from the floor, unzipping it with a flourish. “I picked us up some matching outfits, to help us keep our cover. I was thinking you could wear those ones”—he hands Dean a stack of t-shirts, mostly black with some writing on them—“and I would wear these ones.”
“It’s honestly disgusting,” Inias chuckles.
“Alright, well, goodnight.” Dean flips his phone shut as Cas signs off, then digs another handful of face scrub out of the jar.
Castiel pushes his face into his hands. He doesn’t remember what happened, but he can feel it. He can sense how his body is ready to accept whatever blame lays out there for Mary’s death, whether or not that blame is duly earned.
The brief light in Dean’s eyes flickers out. “So no experience in analysis.”
“Nope. But if Raph was looking for a lackey…” Anael trails off ominously, leaving Dean to fill in the blanks.
On Garth’s turn, a low murmur of laughter ripples through the crowd. Someone behind Dean guffaws, “The damn tree’s wider than he is!” and Dean locks eyes with the shape shifter culprit, mouthing his last name as he points to himself and draws the blade of his finger across his throat.
Castiel makes a noise low in his throat. “How much trouble do you think I’m going to be in for this?”
She fires out ricochet-quick, lobbing a bag directly at Dean’s head. Dean’s lucky his reflexes have recovered enough to catch it, otherwise he would have enjoyed a greasy bag smashing into his face.
“Fuck,” Sam says summarily, “I’m sorry.”
“Give me a break,” Garth murmurs back. “It’s the best I could do with my subscription level.”
Castiel took the invitation and climbed into Dean’s lap, settling in with his cock rubbing against Dean’s. Dean groaned, touching his forehead to Castiel’s brow. His hand dropped from Castiel’s hair, taking up grip on Castiel’s cock instead.
Dean curses, whipping around in time to see MC Joyce round the corner of the pergola, hands folded in front of her, an over-wide smile fixed in place.
,” Sam shouts, so there’s no hope Castiel won’t overhear.
Dean allows his hands to be pushed upward, pinned at the wrists above his head once his shirt comes off. Cas sits down in his lap, hips rolling, and Dean moans openly, squirming at the friction against his crotch.
Dean groans, his chin dropped to his chest. “Damnit, Sammy. Should’ve thought of that when you were taking aliases.”
“Would take too long. Besides, he wouldn’t buy that we’d just found it.”
Dean glanced over Cas more closely, eyeing the flashlight cradled in his bad elbow, the tire iron gripped in his good hand. He circled Cas’ bad side, confirming that the flimsy poncho fully protected Cas’ cast from the rain.
“Thanks.” Dean scrubs the back of his neck, summoning strength. “I, uh. Missed you too. Feels weird, not seeing you around here.”
“Ooh, and here’s the matching cardigans I brought! The Pine Shadow one really brings out the color of your eyes, don’t you think?”
Dean hums something that could be considered affirmative. But as much as he loves coffee, he loves sleeping more.
, Ricky thinks,
He plants a hand on one of the tables, knocked askew in the scuffle, breathing hard. His eyes prickle and his throat turns to sand.
“Thanks.” Dean spits it out, sarcastic, although he really means it. If it weren’t for his coworkers, Dean doubts he would’ve lasted so long beneath the constant sting of rejection.
Rowena hums. “Then something else wants our handsome angel stuck fast by your side.”
, and Dean was
Dean cranes his neck, looking around to where Cas seems equally perplexed.
of it?
Dean sighs. “I guess you could have Inias, if you really needed him…”
Despite Dean’s protests, Castiel digs through the neat boxes of supplies in his bathroom, searching until he finds a fresh package of cough drops. He deposits the drops alongside the worrying number of water bottles collected on the nightstand.
Clearing his throat, Dean holds up his hand. “I will. Dean,” he adds, directing toward himself.
Castiel laughs softly. “Don’t get excited. I can only make the same three dishes over and over again.”
“Dean?” he calls down the hall. “Are you asleep yet?” There’s a burble of muffled consciousness in response, so Castiel continues, “Which queries were you referencing for your P&I data points? They look different from mine.”
Dean’s developed for us.” She snorts into her coffee. “Worst date of my life. We didn’t even french.”
Castiel was made from the stars and sky. As a member of the host he knew about connection, but what he wrought from it was only confirmation of how poorly he fit among his brethren. Perhaps he wasn’t meant to know how it felt to have a home among others. Perhaps he wasn’t meant to experience a touch that could steal his breath away.
, a devilish voice reminds Dean, the same one that has him touching his dick when it chubs up each morning.
Castiel rolls his eyes and nonetheless reaches for Dean’s chair.
Castiel makes a noise, something as unimpressed as it is unhappy. He buries his cheek into the pillow, hiding himself away.
“Don’t blame me.” Dean shot an accusatory finger at Cas, though he was unrecognizable through the dust and debris yet clouding the air. “Blame him.”
Dean’s heart thumped haphazardly. “What?”
As it is, she takes the hit and thumps down on the gym mat
“Great,” Dean says bitterly, pressure building in his chest. He shifts his weight from foot to foot, scratching at his neck. “Just for future reference, you should double check these kinda things with me before signing off on them. It’s a huge lift to try and fit them into the existing schedule.”
Dean grabs its sword. He turns towards the central djinn, muscle memory closing the gap between them in a fraction of a second.
Dean slows his eating and stares down his brother, waiting until he cracks. “What.”
All that’s left for Dean to do is move his management skills into a management role—system analyst—and the corporate ladder should roll out at his feet like a red carpet. Nothing left to do after that but to accept promotions as he climbs.
On the wall above the chair is a bulletin board with drawings pinned haphazardly across it. The artistic talent of the lot definitely skews toward childish, with blocky stick figures smiling beneath chunky letters proclaiming
Castiel continues, “He’ll have hated the fact I got him dragged into an emergency CAB meeting. Our names, brought together like this. I’ll have besmirched him in the board’s eyes.”
“What, wait?” Dean frowns, pausing in his fidgeting. “A new SA?” When Adler hums his agreement, Dean continues, “Raph knew I put my name in for the position, right?”
Castiel returns her small smile, thinking of Jack. “Perfection was blasphemy in the first place.”
“Whoa,” Dean said, flinching back, then wincing at himself. “Didn’t think you could do that anymore, buddy.”
Cas must sense this edge within him, though mercifully he doesn’t bring it attention. He merely tilts up Dean’s head and tucks his mouth against Dean’s temple, murmuring, “I love you, Dean. That will always, always be true.”
Dean claps his hands together. “Alright. Claire and Patience, you’ve got social media covered, right? Sam, you get looking into monsters that match the video of that thing. I’ll take over whatever you’re doing with the feeds.” Dean slaps his brother’s shoulder as he rises. They swap places at the dinette, and Sam goes to fetch Dean’s old laptop from their room.
So that’s the end of that.
“What about you?” Sam asks. “New guy getting any better?”
Dean comes up beside him, a hapless smile brewing on his face. He bites his cheeks to keep it complacent. “Hey, stranger.”
“Oh, you mean Eileen? Your precious
“Well isn’t that beautiful,” Rowena says in a voice that implies anything but. Wiping her eyes, she turns on Joyce’s dumbfounded expression, and asks cheerily, “So can we go now, dear?”
Dean finds himself approaching the kitchen before he even realizes he is standing. He comes up behind Castiel’s shoulder, gazing over it at the pan of red sauce, gently bubbling. Bits of spinach and what Dean assumes is chicken surface as Castiel stirs the pan. On the back burner, a pot of starchy water roils lightly, little bits of bowtie pasta rising to the surface before sinking back down.
“You took only one penalty,” Castiel says, and ah, there it is. Those barbed statistics have come out to play.
Castiel tried again, touching delicately at his cockhead, rubbing the sensitive flesh beneath. He felt a twitch at the thought of a particular mouth touching his body, but that was a dangerous thought, and it had to be quickly willed away. He closed his eyes and tried fabricating another, imagining it paired with his own in a few soft moans, but the false nature of the noises brought him no pleasure.
Cas’ chin dips, smile bowing back to his drink. “Ten years.” He glances back to Dean, seeming wistful.
Like a magic eye puzzle, the image flips, and suddenly a farmhouse and barn appear in the distance, surrounded by a thick shelterbelt of bushes and, within, neat rows of trees.
Cas shrugs again. “Being human is more pleasant than the alternative. I’ve suffered far worse than migraines and the necessary upkeep of dental hygiene.”
A young woman hooks her chin over Castiel’s shoulder, squeals, “You made it!” into his ear. She squeezes him tightly before letting go, brushing stray strands of red hair off her face. She looks to Dean, beaming. “And you’re Dean, aren’t you. Hello, welcome! We’ve heard so much about you.”
Castiel laughs, groaning, “Don’t get him started.” He mouths
Castiel shivered, his grip on the wheel nearly lost as the impulse to hold Dean overtook him, the desire to press down on the heel of Dean’s palm nearly overcoming what little wits Castiel had left. Gathering the remainder of his self-control, he hooked an arm between them and shoved Dean roughly away.
Dean nodded, eyes closing. Castiel laid a gentle hand atop Dean’s hip, his thumb rubbing small circles. Dean relaxed into the touch, his muscles unwinding, his breaths slowing into something deep and steady.
The Shadow throws itself around, feet stomping, head sulking. But eventually it does as Castiel requests.
It hurts, how much he loves Dean. Always.
And yeah, maybe the guy has a point to that—Dean really does end up being the bible everyone refers to when they have questions about legacy—but in his summation Castiel is missing one crucial detail.
The new picture has been opened half a second, not enough to catch sight of what it contains, but it’s long enough to cut Dean down at the knees.
Beneath Jack’s hand, the throne vanishes—as does the divan, the desk. The room, now a little emptier. A blank slate ready to be remade.
Why would Castiel bring him to his apartment to recover? The guy hates him—well, no, Dean wouldn’t say Castiel
It was a longshot anyway, hoping Hell might have something to protect them. As for Heaven, Michael says there aren’t enough angels left to make any sort of impact on the fight to come. So they’re on their own. Again. Like Dean figured they would be. No Hail Marys to throw in the eleventh hour.
Which is how Dean finds out that Garth apparently took an art class or two in the Japanese comic style, because his rendition of Dean involves a rugged jawline and stylized swooping haircut, Dean’s over-exaggerated anime eyes glowing a limpid green shade.
“Fuck you,” Dean spits out.
The book slams shut, thumping to the war room table. Cas looks around, then above him, readying his scythe. He drops into a defensive position. “Prepare yourselves,” he announces.
“Would you rather it be quiet, or would you rather keep them here? You can’t have both.”
Dean looks, but he can’t see anything specific that has her attention. There’s only the parking lot followed by an intersection, with cars driving around both. A cozy-looking family restaurant fills out the opposing corner lot, and another motel lies beyond it, and the city beyond that. Nothing seems out of the ordinary.
That the doorbell was ringing a day into Dean’s heat was not entirely unprecedented, but the person standing on the other side of the door was no one Dean could have predicted.
“Awesome,” says Sam. “Call after lights out. We’ll update you on what we find about this place.”
Dean bites his lip, trying to keep down the belch burning in his chest, the barrier working its way up through him.
Dean frowns, shaking out his worn shirt. “You standing there all night?”
Thank you to everybody who sent me numbers representing my secret prompt list! I'm still taking more if you're interested, so feel free to drop me an ask before you go. Thank you ♥
On his way back to his office, Dean sidesteps over to the coffee cubhole and pitches the dregs of his cold mug into the sink. As he’s pouring a fresh cup of coffee, he looks out across the cubicles to where Castiel is hidden away in his office, the door closed, blinds partly shuttered.
It’s not the only book in the room either. Empty bottles have been shunted aside on Dean’s desk, making room for stacks of dusty tomes and leather-bound volumes, their vellum covers proudly proclaiming Heaven’s histories. The shelves above his bed have likewise been shuffled around, loose scrolls now peppered in between the weapons and further empties. Beside the door, a tower of books has been kicked miserably to the side, while others have been thrown to the floor, their spines laying open and broken.
Sam’s brows lift. “You’re giving up?”
The drive is quiet, the silence uneasy. Sam is researching something on his tablet, and glancing frequently at Castiel in the rear view mirror. Dean is glancing at him too, though his expression is far less friendly. Castiel suspects he’s still upset about the werewolf hunt gone wrong. One that apparently almost killed Castiel.
Business end of things now done, Cas abandoned his bag and came closer to Dean, leaning against the countertops the same way Dean was leaning, one hand wrapped around a mug of lukewarm water, since even green tea was too caffeinated for him to drink during his heat without getting a headache.
Dean breaks the news to the rest of the team before they disperse at noon. The revelation of a new hire goes over with a vague murmur of interest, which is about as much enthusiasm received as any other edict coming down the pipes from management. Everyone is clearly more concerned about enjoying the full allotment of their lunch—Dean included—so Dean dismisses them and then settles in for his brown bag in the break room, situated one floor down, offside the floor for client services.
He could stay for a little bit. Just long enough to cook a quick meal with some leftovers. Enough to tide Cas over for a day or two.
“Yeah,” Dean says, bitter.
She ends up convincing some of the classmates to meet with her outside the puke perimeter, and they end up choosing the south end supercenter as the place to be. Dean props up the flimsy excuse of a supply run in order to drive the whole gang over with her, which results in Claire calling shotgun and her phone blaring inharmoniously over Dean’s attempts to control the radio.
Dean takes a deep breath. Flips it open.
“To be fair, it was our flour on the stove that caught fire,” the boy says helpfully, to which the man’s expression clearly states his feelings on that, something along the lines of,
They’ll figure things out. They’ll be okay.
Castiel opens his eyes and smiles at the gates before quietly walking away.
Claire stops part-way past the diner, halting just as sweat breaks out across Dean’s brow. The ache in his skull is growing, sharp and so familiar that he briefly wonders whether his hangover is back somehow. Withdrawal, maybe, though Dean doubts a three-day binge amid a lifetime of drinking is enough to trigger such a thing.
Dean steps out from where he’s barricaded himself in the bathroom, moving stiff-legged with his back half seized up from sitting on the floor, his shirt removed as he rifles through what’s left of his duffel bag. “Hey Garth, did you touch my stuff? Could’ve sworn I packed more clothes than this. D’you have, uh—”
Dean nods absently, his mind flashing to all the hentai he’s ever watched, terrified that Garth has maybe watched the same.
Castiel gathers what angels remain in heaven inside a boardroom, a plain white space with a long table and multiple chairs. He isn’t sure when exactly the host adopted the bureaucratic tendencies observed among humans, but such favouritism is apparent in the very structure of heaven itself: the long, clean hallways leading to sterile rooms; door upon door upon door closing off each human inside their own private heaven.
The girl shrugs, smiling to herself. “Family friend. Kinda a weird uncle, I guess? It's his big four-oh.”
Something twisted in Dean’s belly, growing hot. He didn’t know what he wanted to do with this information, other than let his inner omega briefly preen. He found himself pulling at the blankets of Cas’ nest, trying to dig within.
“Yeah.” Dean nods. “Don’t think the kid knows how to let go of his caseload yet, but he’ll have to figure it out.”
Sam curses, his arm shaking. Dean stands by his brother’s side, pushes his own weapon into Sam’s unsteady grip. Between the two of them, Dean would rather see his brother kill this fucker. Would rather have Sam stand a chance to survive.
Dean gets them a real meal in Boise in the late afternoon, and then takes off for Twin Falls. It’s been a long day already; Castiel would offer to drive, but it doesn’t interest him the same way it does Dean.
Dean limped back to where Sam was breathing heavily, glaring down at the sputtering flames.
“That would mean crossing the perimeter,” Cas reminds them. “If they’re safe from hunters within the city, why leave it?”
Hank glances over to Suzie, standing behind the till. She looks unimpressed as she rolls her eyes at him, but nonetheless she gives Hank an affirming nod.
Sam pats Dean’s back. “Hey. We know everyone’s okay. They’ll come back in their own time. In the meantime, you two?” Sam wags a finger between Dean and Cas. “About time you cleared the air.”
Castiel could stand forever with Dean, his thumb rasping a gentle arc against Castiel’s cheek. But a whole new realm is out there, ready for them to explore together.
Then it was gone, flaring like a sunburst. The air lost its crackle.
Sighing loudly, Dean grumbles, “Who’re thinking could help?”
Sam clears his throat, looking shifty as he glances toward Mary and Jack.
Against Dean’s shoulder came a mumbled, “It’s nothing.” Cas breathed in deeply, releasing a happy sigh.
At the same time, Garth and Rowena chime, “Couples massage!”
“Dean? You there?” Sam says, quiet without speakerphone turned on.
Cas’ gaze drifts offside, averted cautiously away. He hesitates more than Dean can stand. “With the intention of honesty, there’s something else I should have told you,” Cas says. “About Jack’s resurrection.”
“So do you think we should check out that aunt’s house?” Sam asks finally.
He struggles against Jack’s grip but Jack is unmoving, steadfast in his way.
All eyes are on Dean as he takes a seat between Anna and Rachel, the latter of whom arches a severe eyebrow at him, even as Anna gives him a scrunched
“Because,” Garth chuckles, “I haven’t gone undercover like this since before Bess had our little one. I’m back in the game again!”
So he does. Castiel comes to rest alongside Dean’s body, an arm wrapped around Dean’s shoulders for balance. He’s warm—aligned with Dean, perfectly. Close in ways that Dean has never allowed anyone—anyone—to be with him.
“Grumpy.” Dean hits him with the towel again.
Then Cas had come onto the line, sounding so unlike himself in his professional voice. Dean had been relieved to hear his cadence drop from its robotic workplace flare, becoming the warm Cas Dean had come to lo—
Charlie’s plight haunts him, echoing:
“I’m not the heart of anything,” Dean mumbles, picking up his mug. It’s the closest he can get to accepting the frankness of Castiel’s sentiment.
A rock plummets in Dean’s gut. “Oh.” He knew that, just—somehow, he’d forgotten. Something impossible to forget.
Dean scrubbed at where he felt Sam’s focus but only felt more rain. His whole body ached, but what else was new. “Yeah, fine. Just ready for this bitch to burn.”
“Good, good.” Raphael glances surreptitiously around Dean’s tiny office, clearly angling for a subject for further small talk. Dean eyes the stack of booklets tightly held by Castiel and wonders when exactly he’ll be receiving his copy.
“Not unless she wants to grab us milkshakes from the mom and pop’s across the street,” Dean says, thumbing at the distant family diner.
Dean shuffles down the side of the Impala, nudging Sam with his shoulder. Sam moves aside, giving room for Dean to pull out his suit and duffel bag from where it'd been sandwiched into the backseat footwell. “You got a double?”
Castiel sets down his plate, then untucks the two glasses of iced tea he has wedged into the crook of his arm. Dean nods his thanks, exchanging the glass Cas gives him with a bag of chips he snagged. As if sensing Cain’s quiet mood, they set into their meals in silence.
Then comes the gift baskets, awkward in all their glory. He’s not sure how many trips Castiel made bringing them all upstairs, but it couldn’t have been a comfortable single digits.
Sam doesn’t look at Dean. He keeps worriedly watching Castiel. “What do you remember?”
“What happened?” Jack asks, at the same time Dean blurts, “Is it over?”
Warmth struck Dean’s face again, the instinctive rise of humiliation clamping his mouth shut. Castiel waited patiently for Dean to process his thoughts, his gaze artfully trained on the tablet.
text dragging them to the hellscape known as Wisconsin, Dean’s barely-alert mind figures that even if he tried, Garth couldn’t make any less sense.
“I dunno. You tell me.” Slowly, Dean glances over from his laptop. “You couldn’t ask this in an email?”
Dean's resulting moan suggested that wouldn't be a terrible outcome. Castiel pumped the pedal harder in response.
Castiel turns around. Dean sits upright on his bed, his legs swung over the side.
Ricky scratches the back of his neck, torn between the upsale and doing right by the guy. Maybe he’s overstepping, but—“I have this homemade spice mix that’s dynamite for burgers. The whole family clamors for it as soon as barbecue season picks up. I could get a copy to you, maybe ...?”
“He’s not—” Dean scrubs his face. “Okay. Yeah. I’m lucky.”
“It’s possible,” Jack says, after a moment. “But I don’t want you to need me. I want Heaven to be a place that outlasts God themself.”
The corner of Dean’s mouth curls. “Brace yourself. These files are twenty-some thousand lines apiece. It’ll take about an hour each to edit and compress.” He glances at the time. “Production is in five hours,” he adds, perhaps unnecessarily.
Laughing, Dean closes his hands over the finger-quotes Castiel instinctively made. “C’mon. We can go out, buy five or six thousand candles—”
Dean raises a brow. “Do you really want an answer to that?”
Castiel shrugs again. He fishes up the tail of his t-shirt, runs his fingers over the memorized positions of his scars. “It won’t keep me from the shower.”
He was ready to write the whole thing off as a hallucination when a text came through, describing Cas’ address. Dean checked it out on a map app and found it surprisingly close by. That set off another wild rhythm in Dean’s chest, his heart hammering out of line at the thought of visiting Cas.
“Me neither, amigo,” Dean murmurs back. “We’ll just have to play it by ear.”
Cas smiled too, though it faded far too quick.
Dean’s Friday rolls out ahead of him, much the same as it would any other day post-production. Castiel doesn’t stay late, so Dean doesn’t either. He tries not to read into it, thinking how he’d likewise want to lick his wounds alone at home if he were in Cas’ place.
“Where did they even find this?” Dean asks, as Castiel navigates through the website.
A couple rooms down, the patio door to Dean and Sam’s room opens. Cas comes out wearing his trench coat, fully dressed despite the oppressive heat. He shows no sign of his earlier injury either, no blood near his nose or ears. It doesn’t stop Dean from looking for it, or for worrying further. Things like that about Cas never made much sense.
There came a pinch of teeth, just the briefest nip, before Cas was moving again, hips building a rhythm that pitched Dean’s moans an octave out of line.
“Sure, Cas,” Dean says, unable to stifle its bitter edge.
Baffled, Castiel frowned again. “It’s not anything ‘in’ my system. It’s—”
A lot comes out, now that they’re finally stuck in a car with one another, nothing to save them from each other except the landscape and a rotating tape deck. Castiel gets the cliffs notes version of what actually followed after the attack dog spell. Lucifer’s return — via Castiel’s possession — and his ultimate demise. Another Michael’s return — via Dean’s possession — and his ultimate demise as well.
Dean nods numbly, his eyes still on himself and Cas. He only follows once it becomes clear the queen would leave without him, if it means her returning safely with the Tree.
“I’m sorry,” Dean says now, heartache pouring out into the crown of Cas’ hair. “It was all me, wrecking things, as usual. Being open, out here with you…” Dean’s breath comes in shakily. “I’ve never done it right. Not sure I even know how. But that’s on me. It wasn’t because of you.”
He tries to sit up. It’s not possible; the pain in his abdomen tells him this right away. Failing that, he tries to raise his hand and call for attention. When that does not work, he tries inhaling deeply. And when that also does not work, he settles in for a fit of wracking coughs.
“Mm-hmm.” Castiel sets a steaming mug of soup in front of Dean, with a spoon beside it. “I said that already.”
Most mornings, he wakes with an erection. Something he chooses to ignore, most of the time.
“Dean.” Cas clasp his hands around Dean’s, using both to quell his shaking. Dean unfurls his fingers without thinking too deeply about it, just making space for Cas to weave his way in.
“Oh.” Dean glances up at Castiel, feeling the weight of him, the warmth of him. Close enough to kiss.
Dean nods, throat working hard. A grin bursts out from him, pricking at his eyes. The breath he’s been holding since Cas was taken from him finally breaks free. “I’m glad.”
Castiel scours his memory, but at this point ‘truck’ is synonymous with ‘old brown piece of shit’.
Dean angles back, just a little. “You don’t have a thermometer for that?”
Something about the scent of honeysuckle and the rustle of tall grass also makes him think of Kansas. Of Dean, and the family Castiel has made there.
Dean cracks a smile. “You survived though.”
“Please,” he begged, pushing back, even as Cas irritatingly held him in place. “Like this. Need you like this. Please.”
There’s nothing more to say, not if Dean refuses to make room for it, so Sam falls silent, nodding like it’s enough. “Yeah. Some things just mess up. But the two of you… He’ll come back.”
Joyce ushers the five of them discreetly into her office, pulling the blinds shut, the lights kept low. “Listen you lot,” she hisses, her sweet affectation turned sour, “I may be old but I’m not stupid. I’ve seen enough couples pass through here in my lifetime to know when we have pretenders in our midst!”
“I have some demon friends I’d like to save,” Castiel says. “And I am hoping you can help me work out how to do that.”
That night, back at the motel, Dean’s phone starts ringing about an hour after midnight.
Cas, having Dr. Sexy opinions? Despite himself, Dean’s heart swoons. He punches those feelings down, snorting a laugh to quell the mood. “You don’t come to Dr. Sexy for realism. But yeah, it was weird. Although,” he adds, “I wasn’t mad to see Ennis back on the show again.”
“If it pleases you, knowing you are there,” the djinn replies, saccharine-sweet. “Dijwar is more likely to attack in the dream, anyway. You could be useful, as a shield.”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to offend.” Castiel pauses beside him, now in front of the elevator. He smiles softly, glancing over at Dean. “I guess it makes sense, all things considered. I should have sensed it about you.”
When the meal is ready, he ditches his laptop in favor of eating with Cas in the living room on the couch. Castiel fills two standard glasses with water from the kitchen, then returns with a pair of Dean’s fancier glasses, the bottle of wine squeezed tight in the crook of his elbow. Their food steams in bows on the coffee table.
It’s too
“Yeah.” Dean bows his head. “Yeah, I know.”
It hurts, knowing they might never be okay again.
Sam walks over to the room threshold, to the bodies of the fallen, stomping out the last of the smoldering flames. “Let’s find out.”
Once the front door is keyed open, Castiel pushes Dean down the hall straight into his bedroom, and leaves him there with a hurried promise that he will return. Castiel fills a glass with cool water and forces Dean to drain it twice. Two tablets of ibuprofen are swallowed before Dean is allowed to slump back onto the bed.
“Better eat,” Dean said between chewing. “S’getting cold.”
, Cas. I’m running out of ways to say ‘He’s strong, he smells good’—“ Dean winces as something shatters on Cas’s end. “Never mind. Doesn’t matter. Give me the scoop on what you and Sam have dug up about this place.”
The radio blares sudden emergency sirens, jolting them both in their seats. Dean’s heart pounds as the alert fires. He turns up the volume on the radio:
Two weeks.
Dean hummed like he was only partly considering it, even though everything within him would really like that. “Next time,” he said, wondering if Cas meant it.
Still. Dean knows better than to continue bugging the guy. Crackling open his chip bag, Dean pops one into his mouth, taking a crunching bite. “What d’you say, Cas?” he teases, mouth full. “Thinking of taking up axe throwing full-time?”
“Another time,” Dean cuts in.
She tacks the question on like a courtesy, so Dean keeps it simple, avoiding the in-depth conversation it could muster. He pushes a smile into his voice. “Nah, back out on the road with Sam. We’re helping Claire with something a little weird, so we won’t be home for awhile yet.”
The patio curtains have been left open, and the gray patter of rain sizzles up from the concrete walk outside. The sliver of pool within view bubbles like it’s spawning season. Dean keeps the TV quiet on the news, his legs extended and crossed at the ankles, hands folded up in each other on his lap. He watches it without a thought in mind, his eyes closing the longer he listens to the rain.
He doesn’t want to—he’s driven through worse—but Cas tightens his grip and of course Dean caves. He throws on the signal and nudges the car from gravel into grass, coming to a full stop at a field approach.
, of all things. Sam wears a comfortable shirt and slacks, while the only accommodations Cas has made toward appearing normal is that his trench coat is folded over the crook of his arm. The effect is immediately reversed due to his tie being swapped out for—Jesus Christ—
Donnie listens dully to the dead dial tone, his hand slowly carrying the receiver to the wall. The pounding comes again at the entrance and he snaps back to it, checking his watch as he walks. With the time in mind, he spares a few moments turning down the chairs he crosses along the way.
“Damn right! How dense d’you have to be not to see the problem here?”
Dean shuffled forward along the blankets, making space between him and Cas as best he could. He felt the loss of warmth immediately along his back, lost with the sticky tang of sweaty skin drawing apart. But Cas groaned and clumsily followed after him, cheek returning to the damp spot of drool he had made on Dean’s shoulder.
Dean had driven out with a load of garbage to drop off at the dump. He noticed the plants for much the same reasons as he had noticed the pumpkins, the year before — bright red tomatoes hung ripe on bent vines. A total waste, in Dean’s opinion. At least pick the fruits off before throwing the plants away.
It’s only after Doug is gone, the bell above the door tinkling shut, that Ricky remembers the lamb’s blood and femur in the back.
When they disagree on a location, Dean pulls them over and Claire climbs out, walking around until she finds the puke perimeter with a little more finesse. Dean eyes the hazy horizon, the day marked out in a light gray blue above the trees between the buildings. She comes back looking shaky and pale, but Dean’s not enough of a gentleman to keep from teasing her over the shimmy in her walk, or the way she fumbles the door handle open. Beyond those occasions, he’s stuck fighting with Claire over the radio, the banter taking him straight back to those early years with Sam.
Cas had retreated from the crowd sometime after Claire covered Dean in fresh handfuls of confetti, opting to take perch by Donnie at the bar and nurse a single beer for the rest of the evening. Donnie takes a quiet moment to size up the guy, taking the piecemeal history Dean’s given him over the years and putting it into context. Cas, for his part, seems to only have eyes for one part of the crowd, his somber attention softened by the small smile on his face. Donnie follows his gaze and finds Claire, Jack, and Patience roping Dean into their convoluted card game, and Dean taking the opportunity to cover Claire in confetti of his own.
Chuck vanishes before Dean has the chance to puzzle it out.
How long has it been since Dean actually had friends outside the office? How long since he’s met somebody he can talk to after work besides Eileen and Sam?
Dean hums, noncommittal. Cas isn’t dead and Jack’s still AWOL, so nothing’s keeping Dean here. He pushes off from the table, but Cas touches at his wrist before he can get away.
“And Luke won’t help?”
“Hate to say it, but yeah.” Pamela slaps a hand down on Castiel’s shoulder, grinning. “Sorry, buddy, but if you’re fixing heaven, you have your work cut out for you.”
A couple days later, the stars must align, because Castiel comes out of his office around the same time that Dean is refilling his coffee at the cubby on the cubicle floor. Dean catches sight of his office opening from the corner of his eye, and it’s such a rare occasion that he almost calls Castiel out on it in front of everyone. Only a last-instant impulse stops him, figuring it might be too mean a move to pull on the guy just yet.
Dean lifts his hands, busy tapping out a message on his cellphone. “Hester’s already testing. I gave her head’s up that I was moving the fix to alpha and beta at the same time. Jo’s just quicker because she’s practiced at it.”
“Dean,” Castiel says, reaching for him, and Dean cannot help but allow for the fingers Castiel slides around his wrist, capturing him like a bracelet.
The next addition to the garden came in the form of three potted tomato plants, left wilting and abandoned in the outskirts of Lebanon.
“Lot of work to steal a handful of kids,” Dean grouses, scrubbing dirt off the knees of his jeans.
Sam’s expression shifts, some of the judgment draining out from his features. “Dean, everything you’ve told me about this job sounds like they love you. Even if there’s a shiny, new project you aren’t on—yet—I doubt they’d try to get rid of you.”
He takes the stairs two at a time and reaches the management floor in record speed. Dean slows his pace to a walk in the corridor approaching the meeting room, figuring he ought to stabilize his breathing, maybe towel down the sweat now beading on his brow.
He leaves the dishes, grabs the coffee pot and disappears to his room with it, not risking a return visit to the kitchen anytime soon.
He could feel Cas’ knot growing larger, his hole catching it on each thrust. “Fuck yeah,” Dean hissed, slamming his hips down, and the girth of Cas’ cock was so good and he was suddenly seizing tight, his cock spilling out into Cas’ fist as the first spasms of his orgasm rocked his body.
Dean reverses the Impala through a k-turn, the farmhouse fading in the distance. Smiling at the conversation bubbling behind him, Dean catches Cas’ eye and shares with him his grin.
Dean shrugs. “I guess. Not sure how the whole ‘school’ thing works for that,” he adds, tossing out finger-quotes for emphasis.
Mary leans against the door frame, waiting patiently for him to find his words.
He finds Dean in his bedroom, curled up around a pillow, lying on his stomach on his bed. Cold pizza sits abandoned on a plate atop his desk. A black and white horror film flickers on his flatscreen.
Castiel takes all their attention in stride, smiling in his restrained way. But Dean catches the way his gaze casts around, circling back to Dean’s office again and again. Once, Castiel manages to glance over before Dean can avert his eyes. He seizes Dean’s gaze and holds it, some plaintive message carried in the tilt of his head, the furrowed lift of his brow.
He reads as far as
Cas hummed, regardless retrieving the electric kettle from its corner of the counter. He refilled it and plugged it in before fetching a spoon and a small tub of honey out from one of Dean’s cabinets, followed by a bottle of lemon juice pulled out from the fridge.
Dean and Sam might be outnumbered, but they have the home team advantage. Quickly calculating their odds, Dean figures the best shot they have is to take out the presumed leader, the central djinn, and hope the remainder flee when she’s dead.
Grabbing his cell from a side table, he checks the caller ID. Frowning, he accepts the call, the phone pushed to his ear. “Cas?”
instead of a disposable bouquet.
Dean hasn’t made his mind up about that yet. “So give Patience a call, let her and Claire know we’re looking for some kind of selective kidnapper. And call Cas too, let him know the details.”
a failure, because he has no idea how to make his best employee realize his own value and importance to the team.
Surpassing eight feet tall with its long, curved horns, the creature watches them with large amber eyes, its gaze darting between Cas and Dean, then back to Jack. Its human hands twitch toward each other, fidgeting. It looks to be covered in a fine pelt of gray fur.
When Dean opens the desktop version of the app he uses for calling Sam, he’s hit with a barrage of chat notifications streaming in—all of them with Sam’s name attached.
What strength was within Dean falters. He pulls back, just a little. Just enough to look Cas square in the eye as he asks, “So you’re Death now.”
“I mean,” Sam continues, voice thick, even as he forces it to remain light, “if we want to be fatalistic about it, no one even knows that something happened to her. We could walk away and nobody would be worse for it.” He scoffs, his expression crumpling. “We can’t even write down her name.”
“Who knows,” Dean says, “but if this girl was taken by the same creature fourteen years ago, she might have some answers. Anybody know where this Rebecca lives?”
Being at the office doesn’t make it any easier.
“Shit,” Dean said. “Sorry for bugging you. Get your rest or, whatever. I’ll take the hint.”
Dean half-listens to the TV, half-focuses on the creature’s route over the traffic cameras. Claire and Patience spread their gear across both beds and start memorizing all they can from social media, everything from commentary about the kidnappers to the lists of Libby’s online friends.
“So you know she’s here
“No wait, what about ol’ Beula—” Garth begins.
“The name of a teenager who went missing here around noon yesterday.”
“I might,” Cas murmurs back. He clears his throat and makes a noise like a low, extended purr.
Dean nods brusquely, his hands flexing along the steering wheel. “So are you—”
“Whoa,” Sam whispers, when the image catches for him.
Dean feels his body be pulled along without him, his mind lagging behind as it tries to prepare itself for the torture about to be inflicted upon it. He blames this delay for why he and Garth end up in the line of sight of Joyce, whose beaming smile sweeps over them like the eye of Sauron, pinning Dean in place.
He squeezes Cas’s hand, as he recovers. Cas squeezes back, his grip pulsing. He holds Dean’s fist between both of his hands.
Eyes closed, Castiel nods stiffly. “CEO.” He presses a hand to the middle of his brow, eyebrows pinched around the thumb rubbing at the crease between them.
“And whose fault was that?” Dean argues.
Dean might have been the steady hand Castiel needed last night, but he’s the one shaking this morning. His steps are a passing storm through the cubicle floor. As he disappears into his office, the door closes with a heavy thud. His stomach is too tied up in knots, roiling with fear of what will happen now that production has been opened to their clients.
“You lasted longer than I thought you would,” Chuck continues, parading around the room. “Blame the kid for that one, I guess. Didn’t expect the whole ‘death-hands’ thing from him. But all those years of killing angels and demons coming back to haunt you? Yeah. It feels good. Feels
A shift happens, in his expression. Almost imperceptible, but still, it’s there.
Castiel tilts his head to look, his neck stretching in an elegant line. Dean’s eyes catch on the apple in his throat, dusted by a five o’clock shadow. A fine skim of sweat has broken out across Castiel’s skin, likely due to nerves.
“Hey.” Dean steps in. With an inward delight, he says, “If you want a party, we could, uh. We could throw you a birthday party instead.”
“You alright?” Sam eyed him over, his gaze snagging on some spot above Dean’s brow.
“So, like, if I sent up a prayer asking for guidance, y’all would actually respond?”
“We’re just friends,” Dean says sternly, mumbling to himself with his office door closed, after he caught himself, once again, seeking out Castiel the moment he stepped out onto the cubicle floor.
“I’m not a hunter,” Cas says archly. “I’m an angel.”
Dean quickly calculates out the day of the week. He curses. “I missed a video call from my brother,” he explains when Castiel alerts on his swearing. He starts typing out an explanation text for Sam, when his laptop screen lights up with an abrupt message indicating an incoming call.
you—”
He doesn’t have a moment’s peace with the puzzles before Kurt’s eyes are boring holes into him, a hundred unasked questions foaming up the junior’s neck. Hank sighs, reaching for his pencil. “What now, Kurt,” he says.
Castiel doesn’t finish the thought. A second sorrow comes for him, carrying like the prayers he once was able to hear. The sorrow expands until it fills the room, building like a broken breath.
Though he’d been smiling in that photo, the version of Michael Charleson here today is a blank wall, indifferent to the humiliations his colleagues are putting his stepbrother through.
It’s fine. It’s cool. The hustle just ain’t over. The mantra manages to wipe the worst of Dean’s misery off his face.
“Well.” Joyce’s mouth purses together. “It is sure nice meeting you, Mr. and Mr. Fitzchester the Fourth! Hope to see you back on the green here real soon.” In a mock-whisper, she adds, “We’ll be playing Two Truths and A Lie to start us off.”
Castiel cracks open his good eye. He stares at the man in the chair.
Cas sounds oddly strangled as he asks, “What does Garth say about you?”
The change in position was incredible, Cas’ cock reaching a place that set the stars within Dean alight. Dean instinctively drove his ass down, hissing at the stretch accompanying Cas’ knot. Cas supported his weight entirely, encouraging Dean to lean bodily against him. His strength was enough to maintain their pace for the both of them, the angle leaving Dean not much leverage beyond what Cas wanted him to give.
“Thank you, Claire, very helpful,” Castiel says grumpily. He places the rinsed bowl atop the other dishes stacked around the sink, some dirtied steak knives and other ancient utensils, none of which seem like reasonable tools for baking. Nearby, a pot on the stove bubbles gently, spitting smoke and the occasional spattering of its contents, the color of which is a badly burned bruise. Neither angel seems aware that the pot has cooked down to its dregs.
With the development portion of phase three completed, Miriam transfers back onto the regular legacy team, picking up the slack on the scheduled updates neither Inias nor Dean have had time to attend to yet. Legacy gets rolling again under its own steam, battle-weary but otherwise no worse for wear.
“I’m not actually sick, you know. It’s just—”
“There,” Cas murmurs. “That would have been better.”
He revisits the Braeden family home, watching himself watch Dean rake leaves. Thinking of the remorse and regret he felt in turning to Crowley for help instead of Dean.
As he wakes, Dean lifts his head and blearily surveys the room. His gaze lands on the nightstand, where a bottle of ibuprofen stands starkly against and bottles upon bottles of water. Dean’s tongue turns to sandpaper at the sight of them, so he grabs a water and cracks it open, draining half of it before he pops open the ibuprofen and takes two out of habit. His headache might be gone, but his rapidly-refilling sinuses warn that his cold hasn’t left him yet.
And then Cas was flipping the script; he hooked his arms beneath Dean’s arms and hefted upward, pulling Dean back until he was seated upright on Cas’ cock.
Dean flattens his single sheet of paper onto the table. Somehow it looks more pathetic than if he’d brought no paperwork at all.
Castiel held onto himself as long as he could, aligning himself so painfully slowly that his entire body ached with the need to sink forward, to claim that solid heat his fingers were chasing. He restrained himself even as Dean urged him on, his thighs flexing, his heels digging into the small of Castiel’s back. The slide in was surely uncomfortable, though Dean’s pleasured sighs showed no signs of it. Castiel soothed his thrusts with a gentle flow of grace, and with an increasing pace he took to pulling Dean apart breath by breath.
Dean’s breath hitches. His grip tightens on the cell phone. “I did.”
“Oh, no,” Castiel mumbles, quickly crossing the room. “Dean?
With an ear tuned to the TV, Dean crosses the front room, opens the door, and finds himself face-to-face with Cas.
Dean touches at Cas’ face, his slack expression snuffling. His gaze drifts beneath closed eyelids.
“Jack,” Castiel breathes. He rushes for his adoptive son, though he stops an arm’s length away, some impulse keeping him from closing their ranks with a sweeping hug. His outstretched hand falls back to his side.
“No. She stops
Cas nods. “Yes. Now, please.” He holds out his hand.
“Then let me do this,” Dean groaned, hips circling. “Let me have this.”
When Zach and Raphael finally show up, Cain has to pause their efforts and give out his instructions all over again.
Cas stared at him like it was obvious. “My ruts, Dean. They have been moving. Trying to sync up with…” A bashful look crossed Cas’ face. He shut his mouth, his attention returning to his pasta bowl.
Because yeah, maybe Dean was kind of a dick, but Castiel showed his true colors today. No matter what he says about Dean’s work performance, actions speak louder than words, and Dean knows now that Castiel is gunning for his managerial workload.
He groaned, stretching a cramp out in his leg. The motion jostled a very obvious weight inside of him, and in an instant Dean felt where another body had been tied into his own.
Dean raises his cup after her, wishing the luck wasn’t so desperately needed.
Castiel tilts his head, scrutinizing. “Was that feeling too intrusive? Did you trust that it came from you?”
But so long as he can keep it up for the short term, he can loosen the reins later. Things can go back to the way they were before BEAU and Castiel ever stepped foot into his life.
The night sky fell to daylight, all because an angel loved him.
An engine roars somewhere beyond the shelterbelt, high-beams bouncing between the trees. Dean and the other hunters all stiffen, rearing up from where they’re sitting, then relax at the sight of the familiar SUV pulling up to park between Jody’s truck and the Impala.
Well. Angel and son-of-archangel.
Dean’s heart kicked like a colt, to hear that word come out of him. But he could chalk it up to the false rut Cas was having, that it was making him say mushy things.
“You know where you like to be touched yet?” Dean asked. “Not just your junk, but. Other places.”
A breath shudders through him, collapsing his sternum. What a day to see to its end. Near-calls with Rowena and Donatello, Sammy and then… Death’s been playing whack-a-mole with them again, going after anybody Dean ever cared about. Nothing’s changed about that really, except now… Now—
Then a phone call comes that ruins everything.
“I know, I don’t get it either. But if it’s not a witch, then it’s something that might be using a similar idea.” Sam pauses. “I tried Rowena again, but she’s dropped off the grid. I’m wondering if Max might be able to help us instead.”
“Dean,” Castiel cuts in, fond. “It’s fine. Tell me, when did you give your notice?”
“Not exactly.” Setting his mug onto the cupboard, Castiel raises his hands. Dean catches sight of trim, pink cuticles before his fingers fan loosely apart.
Except the tomatoes seemed fine upon closer inspection. Both the plants and the fruit. A little weak, yeah, but nothing irreversible. Whoever had tossed the plants must have been sick of watering them, that’s all.
Garth leans in to Dean and whispers, “I don’t have any backstory planned around this, compadre.”
A swarm of familiar faces pour down the stairs, over the railings. Angels with their weapons out; demons with their hands and faces twisted into claws and fangs.
“You stay here,” Dean said, squeezing Cas’ hand before letting go. “I’ll be right back.”
Dean shuts the booklet and tosses it to her desk. “No wonder I didn’t get a copy.” Raphael knew he’d flip out, seeing the plan to decommission legacy laid out so openly bare.
Cas frowns. “I already said it doesn’t affect—”
“Your degree tell you that?” Hank says dryly. He scuffs his eraser across a sudoku tile, scratches over the 9 with a 3. “Why don’t you take it up with her, see what she thinks about her relatives breaking the mold?”
“What’s
“You at work?” Dean straightens. “If this is a bad time, I can call back—”
Dean smiles through the kiss, then drops his chin to his chest, succumbing to the full strength of his grin. He smooths a hand along Cas’ arm, briefly entertaining the thought, the reality, that he might have this again. Have it always, if only he could bring himself to believe.
Cain bobs his head. He chews his sandwich, calm amid the silence. “Colette and I have been here many years. It’s taken a long time to create our paradise.”
Castiel holds him as he crumbles. He runs soothing fingers through Dean’s hair and holds him, arms wrapped tight around him, protective and fierce.
“Sorry,” Inias says, dropping a stack of papers onto Dean’s desk. “Just—there’s a question coming down from the products and implementations meeting. Raph’s wondering whether you’re planning on attending.”
Except Dean’s stomach kick-flips into his kidneys at the thought of his brother and Cas exchanging rings. He blurts out, “No, that was his first marriage. To Becky. You remember her, right, Sammy? Your four day engagement in Vegas?” To Steve and Nathaniel, he mock-whispers, “Huge mistake, if you ask me.”
“Alright, but it could’ve been?”
“Cas?” Dean asked. It came out more worried than he meant it to sound.
Claire snorts, her chin barely lifting off her chest. “Sam’s taken over the web hunt, so Patience is using Snapchat to schmooze her way in with the kids at Abbie’s school. Everybody’s flirting game is weak, though. I keep asking her to send me screens.”
“So what’s up?” Dean asked, handing over a beer. He wiped his palm against his jeans, removing condensation, then leaned back against the truck’s hood beside Castiel. The evening around them was crisp and quiet, dim with the scent of woodsmoke and dusk. “Whatever’s happening, is it really not you?”
? What—” Dean swallows dryly. “Cas, I’m not—”
“Whatever happened, I can undo it. He doesn’t need to die—he’s
Castiel swallows against the fear building in his chest. “If you want it, I will do it.”
“Dean,” Castiel says, disappointed.
Dean is already in bed by time Castiel steps out from the shower, having crashed out at the first motel they found upon entering Salt Lake City. His breathing comes slow and deep, through the darkness. Castiel feels bad for having to turn on a bedside light, stirring Dean awake.
“Well, candles are over by baking supplies,” Val says, pointing to a distant aisle. But the blonde’s looking at her a bit expectantly, as if out of her depth in a grocery store, so Val takes initiative and abandons her loading cart to the bakery, Josh’s wrath be damned. “Right this way.”
Glowering, Castiel marched toward the main staircase. With a final dark look, he clomped up the stairs and through the exit. The heavy front door closed with an angry slam.
Jody and Alex, Donna and Cesar and Jesse, they all get in their congratulations, and then there’s a beat where Cas comes up and Dean is staring at him with some unreadable warmth to his face. Though it’s clear to Donnie, even at this distance, that a hug is called for in the moment, Dean just clears his throat and bows his head, glancing around like he’s not sure what to do. Cas has none of it, however, and opts to bully Dean into a firm hug instead, one that Dean rallies against, briefly, before succumbing with a fierce grip.
Dean’s hand flexes. He sets the cup down in the drying rack more sharply than he should. “I’m fine handling it.”
A vibration hits Dean’s chest, so sudden it feels like a heart attack. He grabs his chest, then struggles to grip his phone with enough dexterity to read the incoming text.
Castiel pants loudly into his pillow, pace erratic. He pretends he can hear Dean breathing harshly with him, their chests labouring through breaths together, his feelings building like a physical ache—
Castiel’s skin is bronzed by the sunlight blazing down on the clearing, his torso bare and gleaming with sweat. Even his hair hangs in wet curls around the crown of his head, clinging to the curve of his ears, the flat of his brow.
Castiel climbs to his feet, accepting the invitation.
Castiel draped a light blanket over Dean and the pillow mounds, tucking him into the shallow pillow fort. Dean was surrounded by the caring, gentle scent of alpha in here, enough that his eyes shut and he openly moaned, burying his nose into the sheets. “You smell good.”
Dean faces them slowly, disbelieving. He’s kept his distance now that Cas is mostly up and chugging, giving Cas the space he needs to forget how he took comfort from Dean. But now that Claire has hunched around the pillow Dean had claimed from Cas’ bed, the two of them intently watching whatever comedy show Cas has pulled up on the screen, Dean feels out an opening for a chance to talk to him.
Three days in the woods without a laptop or his actual cell phone is pretty much Dean’s nightmare, which is why he triple-checks with the concierge that the cabin he picked out for them has Netflix at bare minimum. Garth, upon arriving in front of his target audience, slathers on the play-acting so thickly Dean feels like he’s wading his way through a late 90’s rom-com, one half of his body now permanently slathered in Garth’s arms or supporting Garth’s head, the barely-restrained glee pitching Garth’s voice up half an octave.
“I know,” Castiel agrees, turning his laptop back around. “It’s an unusual choice.”
better, better than you’ll ever offer!”
Cas shakes his head. He takes another small sip of his beer, his hand mildly trembling.
Patience huffs and readjusts in her seat, her sighs audible above the commercials jangling on the radio and the road noise coming from the street. Dean chances a glance over and finds her scribbling something onto the margins of their grid map, her brows rigidly drawn together.
Devoid of laughter, Dean chuckles. “You don’t want in on this, buddy. Trust me.”
“Yeah.” Dean nods firmly. “You can count on it.”
“Oh?” Sam frowns at the ground, scouring his memory. His brow suddenly lifts. “Oh. Yeah, um. You got hurt by Ramiel’s spear.”
Castiel oversees the transition of the resurrected angels back into the body of the host. He meets with each angel one-on-one, talking with them in his place inside the garden. Sometimes Jack is there, making plans in the shade of a distant willow tree; more often than not, Castiel is alone with these angels who either had betrayed him, or whom Castiel had betrayed.
“I know, I know, celestial boundaries,” Dean said quickly. “But you’ve been pissy lately, last couple a days. That’s gotta affect your aura somehow.”
“Okay if we join you?” Dean asks, even as he takes a seat beside the small table.
“Yep.” Dean pauses, not really thinking, just watching a couple of kids splash around the motel pool.
?” He squirms until the bottle is back within reach and squirts out a handful of his own, coaxing Cas down until he could take them both in his hand.
Of the two of them, Jack is more familiar to Ryan, if only for his strategic help at the Dayton outpost back in her world. The other one—Castiel—is a stranger to her save for his ever-present trench coat shuffling past the war room, taking up as much space in the bunker as Sam’s evasive brother.
“Easy, easy,” says the man with long hair, soothing, at the same time the other man is telling him, “Pin his arms down, damnit, he’s gonna rip out the IV—”
Dean laid there, eyes closed, just experiencing the sensation of being scented. When his pulse had calmed, he asked, “What do I smell like to you?”
Dean laughs hollowly. He hasn’t taken a vacation day in over five years. “Sure,” he says to Sam, if only to offer some semblance of comfort.
His stomach burns at the sight.
Dean knows this kind of nothing. With a thousand miles between them, he retaliates the only way he can.
Dean cleared his throat, fished around for something to say. “You did good, putting us on this case. A spirit like that could’ve turned nasty real quick.”
When it comes time for Castiel to drain the pasta, hot water splashing and filling the sink with steam, Dean flags two fingers behind his head. “A bowl for me too, please.”
Castiel shuffled to the side, leaving room for Dean on the bed beside him. The scrape of Dean’s jeans across the bedspread seemed deafening amid the sudden silence of the room.
“C’mon, Cas,” Dean mutters. His gentle taps against Cas’ cheek work up into a fever pace, his fingers bringing a flush to Cas’ skin. “Wake up, wake up.”
Grinning, Dean pushed himself into motion, gathering himself into his bathrobe as he crossed for the living room. “There’s a couple options,” he said, loud enough for Cas to hear, over the building boil of the kettle. “Just depends on what you’re in the mood for.”
Cas’ chest rises and falls beneath the covers. Dean pushes himself along the line of him, touching from shoulder to knee. With his body warmed by Cas, Dean lets himself drift.
“Ramiel?” Castiel stares. “Is he—”
Dean glances up from a text Mary sent about the case she and Jack are working. He leans against the Impala, the corner of his eye kept on Patience, just to be sure she makes it into her and Claire’s room okay. “They expected back at Sioux Falls by now?”
Dean gives a rough rundown of what they know so far, all the while angling Cas over to the laptop. Cas sits down at the dinette and reviews the footage Dean pulls up, his chin perched on his palm, fingers brushing over his lips. He taps between the different cameras, observing the abductor from various angles.
Not yet.
The Shadow casts its hand over the space around them, and although Castiel does not see anything in the darkness, he senses the grace and warped souls hiding in its depths.
Sam winces. “Best me and Max can figure is that something went wrong between Cas and his vessel, something he wasn’t aware of. He was hurt pretty badly after you got him out, falling in and out of consciousness.” Sam chews his lip. “Anyway, Max and I, we think… Cas’ grace was just masking his injuries instead of healing them. It hid how the barrier was hurting him too.”
The queen shrugs. “He is the earth on which we walk, for now. After all, a dream needs fertile soil to build upon.”
The entourage of djinn flutters around the archive room chosen for the ritual, painting symbols in ink and gold across the walls and floor. Sam brings in ingredients as they request them. He spares Dean a mournful look as their paths cross ways at the door.
It’s been years and Dean still doesn’t know how to say it. Maybe he’ll never know how. But action… Action is better than words anyhow. Dean knows how to make a gesture, even if he doesn’t know how to accept it.
. Dean purses his mouth so tight his dimples form. Sam softens immediately, his bitch face breaking. Dean lets the sour moment dissipate and die.
The following morning, Dean wakes to an empty room, an empty bed. A note on the nightstand says the gang’s out on a breakfast run. Dean pushes through his routine and dresses perfunctorily, biding his time as the percolator stretches. The bathroom is damp with a recent shower, stuffy with the scent of Dean’s own aftershave. He digs through his bags but never finds his favorite shirt. He ends up picking out a black henley and tossing layers atop it instead.
Dean curses. "Okay, fine. Maybe I did a little OT to get it done. I was trying to do you a favor."
Steve gasps. “How romantic! Was this when you married Cas?”
Castiel’s glower returns in top fighting form. “We are not celebrating my ‘birthday’.”
Castiel pushes back the hair on his brow. His palm is warm and dry, resting flat on Dean’s skin.
“Castiel!” Jack says, smiling. “I found the token.” He waves them over with a warm grin.
Dean scoffs. His jaw firms up, cheeks forming dimples. “Whatever. Just wasted my weekend getting it, but it’s fine. No problem. Gesture made.”
“Mm-hmm.” Castiel brushes his hands together, gently sifting dust from his fingers. “He suspected it might be a tender point for you. That you might not want to—anyway.” Castiel stiffens. “The point is I’m glad you celebrated him.”
Most days, Dean doesn’t really need to stay late. Inias is handling his updates swimmingly, leaving little for Dean to do on the legacy front. And Miriam has never been one who needed oversight to keep her end of things running, her pride offering more than enough incentive to compel her through the BEAU defect list. But Dean likes to hang around a while after work regardless, especially when he sees Castiel has begun doing the same.
There’s a long text log from Sam, dating back several weeks. His messages start out pleasant, but grow increasingly worried over a series of days before dropping off. Oddly, Castiel’s responses are absent from the thread.
“What kind of cake would you like, then?” Castiel asks, quiet.
This last comment comes with a thump to Dean’s back, followed by a clasp of shoulder so heavy that Dean weakens beneath Benny’s grip. Benny gives a slight squeeze then heads off, back toward the lobby. The cigarette stubs out along the way.
“Cas,” Dean breathes, soft as butter in Cas’ hands. Cas moves for him and Dean lets him, his hands steadying Cas as he slides into his lap. Dean closes his eyes, spreads his knees and stills his hands, pausing on the warm skin above the belt of Cas’ borrowed jeans. His breath snags as his thumbs come to rest on the jut of hip bone to each side of Cas’ waist.
The rhythm just starts to get good, Cas giving these breathy little pants alongside Dean’s more throaty ones, when there comes an abrupt pull on the van’s door handle. A woman’s pealing laugh joins the deeper murmur of the man with her, the two of them making sucking noises as the van door opens.
Castiel touches the tail of Dean’s tie. Draws it down between his fingers, until Dean can feel the tension building in his grip.
“Forget it. Set it on fire.”
Kurt’s gaze is currently somewhere off past Hank’s shoulder, fixated on what must be the source of the bell-like brogue lilting out an order of irish cream to Suzie. Kurt’s hands twist around his coffee cup, twitching for the notepad sitting ready in his pocket. Hank knows from this morning’s submissions that Kurt has his weeklies ready for tonight’s cutoff, but when the paper rolls out Monday morning it’ll be his first-ever editorial that’s coming due.
But Amara is still staring as Cas.
Dean thought the end to his question, just for an instant. For a moment, his heart leapt before his mind.
“It’s all about the rules,” Ash says, after his fourth beer and Castiel’s eighth, the two of them moving away from the table, talking close on a couch the moment Jo grew bored and turned the music in the room up far too loud. “Back on Earth, people could do whatever they want, same as here. But we had rules. Restrictions. There were limitations of geography, of time. Social constructs, especially—people have a way of keeping each other in line.”
And Cas was so pliant, so welcoming, in Dean’s arms. He rolled easily onto his back when Dean draped over him, pushing until he straddled Cas’ thighs. Dean could feel how wet he was now, sitting like this, his heat already soaking through his heatbriefs. For once, it didn’t bother him, that he was sullying Cas in this way. He spread his thighs and rolled down, dirty, his hips digging against the bulge he felt building in Cas’ jeans.
The boy’s gaze unfocuses, drifting off without its lynchpin. “How the hell do we kill four hours in a town this size.”
Afraid that Dean wouldn’t want to see him, after the confession Castiel made.
He is back at the farmhouse, standing in the shade of the covered porch, listening to the rhythmic chopping of woodcutting in the distance. A light breeze curls warmly around him, pulling him down the creaking porch steps and out onto a gravel path winding through the rustling trees.
Donnie slaps his towel down, pouting in mock-affront. “Here I was thinking you’d stick to house specials. You suddenly too old for a nacho platter?”
“Coffee, anybody?” Charlie asks, waving toward the chalkboard sign listing the drinks available to order.
There’s more, so much more, that Castiel longs to do. He settles for tucking his knees up behind Dean’s knees. For folding his icy feet in between Dean’s warm ones. For holding Dean as he squirms, turning around in Castiel’s arms so he can balk and frown and kiss and complain, all while Castiel beams brightly, grinning over at the man he loves.
Dean pecks away at his laptop, pulling up work order queries for each of them. He gives feedback on the code changes they’ve both committed since the last scrum, pointing out troublesome places where bugs should be avoided and runtimes can be improved. Inias gives a breakdown of his progress through the production bug backlog; Miriam summarizes her product updates with a rough percentage complete assigned to each. Dean jots their numbers into a spreadsheet he then shares with Adler across the cloud.
“Fuck,” Dean says again.
Dean stuffed his duffel bag full of ripe tomatoes, dreaming of the fresh sandwiches and sauces they’d make.
He watches, rapt, as Castiel prepares two plates of pie, the knife he uses flaking through the buttered crust. His fingers wag out at the dish Cas carries, a fat wedge of sugar-encrusted pie sitting atop it, its rich, glazy filling dripping like a golden jewel.
Max calls out, pointing to the glamour as it fails, the tail-end of the white farmhouse coming abruptly into view. As if on cue they come together, clustering closer to the perimeter. Dean follows the procession, his gaze trained on his mom and Cas, the two of them sharing additional words of caution with Jack.
“I love you, Dean,” Castiel whispers, straight into Dean’s skin. “I know I said it before, but I don’t remember. So. I love you.”
The godforsaken speaker system fires up overhead, Joyce’s voice crackling brimstone as she hollers, “Will the Fitzchester-MacLeod-Winchester party please meet me at the front desk
Castiel fails to see how he could possibly ‘not worry’ about it. He grunts with frustration. “How am I supposed to get over my ‘whole thing’ if half of my family is ignoring me for it?”
Raphael is his usual demeanor—two parts over-serious, one part stuck permanently networking—but with the new guy, Dean can’t get as good a read. Maybe it’s first day nerves, or maybe the guy just naturally serves a solid bitchface, but the new hire’s expression remains stormy and inscrutable even as he encroaches on Dean’s space.
Rowena’s texts stop arriving around the same time Dean’s messages stopped too.
His complaining becomes bad enough that Sam books a separate room with Jack by Mary’s, and even Alex gives up checking on Cas after his perpetual insistence that he’ll heal fine without her assistance.
It can wait. Lord knows Dean has done his own fair share of waiting. It’s only right that Cas should have to experience the same.
“Yeah. Goody,” Dean says, less excitedly.
“Sure.” Brusquely, Dean nods. His fist pumps from Castiel’s efforts.
He turns to look.
After a few miles, Cas opens his mouth, pausing as if on a difficult thought. Dean’s nerves ratchet up another notch.
Dean hummed noncommittally, skipping the sandwich and heading straight for the pastries. Two bites in and the strawberry tart was singing on his heightened tastebuds.
“Whose though?” Kurt continues. “Kansas was mostly settled by the Germans and Russians. I wouldn’t say Scottish pilgrims were high up on the list.”
Dumah's expression suggests that a change of clothes is necessary in order to, you know,
Dean shrugs. “Wasn’t hard on the eyes, that’s for sure. Why? You got a problem with him?”
Dean sipped at his bottle, waiting. He prodded Castiel with his elbow. The radio flickered on, briefly, before promptly dying with the lights.
Behind him, cupboards open and softly close. A glass tings against the countertop, then splashes hollowly as it is filled. Dean hears a pot come out from the cupboard, and maybe a frying pan. A knife clacks against a cutting board. The coiled rings of his stovetop groan with a pot’s added weight.
Castiel sighs again. “No, don’t—it’s fine.” He shakes his head. “Like I said, I’m just glad you would do that for him.”
Castiel planted his hands upon Dean’s waist, holding him so firmly Dean could find no purchase to frot against him. “You don’t want this, Dean,” Castiel reminded. “This wave of your heat is merely cresting. I can smell it on you.”
“I’ve tested it already,” Jack says, all earnestness. “I flew out there the other night. I could feel the token even though it was too late to see the farmhouse. The barrier wouldn’t allow me to fly inside, but I could walk through it without any pain.”
“What? No,” the blonde girl shouts, clearly outraged. “I typed the instructions out
“Right,” Dean says slowly. Not everyone is invested in what happens to departing coworkers. He lets Anael get back to work, thanking her for her time.
The feeling slithered like an eel through him, twisting his heat-shivers into something nauseating. Dean fumbled his way out of bed and down the hall, slamming into the bathroom a second ahead of his stomach contents. Thank god he lived alone, and the toilet seat was left open. The last thing he needed was another mess to clean up.
Cas takes the bag back and kneads it between his hands, winching it tightly closed. He frowns sternly at Claire, earning him a heavy eye-roll that weakens as Claire rapidly passes out on the bed.
The final messages Castiel sent to Jack were all focused on searching for him. The phone log, too, speaks of calls rapidly made, unanswered. Of promises that everything could still be alright, if only Jack would come home to them. To him.
Dean bows his head, tucking his hands into his jeans. He kicks at the dirt beneath them, thinking. Not really thinking. “Yeah. Yeah, I think so.”
“C’mon, Cas—c’mon…” Dean mumbled, his words growing muffled as he buried his face into the crook of Castiel’s neck.
Dean fights back a groan. He shakes his head. “Nevermind. Don’t worry about it.”
“So you missed this,” Sam deadpans. He retrieves a small sachet from his pocket, and tosses it at Dean.
Dean scowls. “The hell does that mean?”
“What?” Dean scrunches up his nose. “No.”
Dean exhales hard through his nose. He shuts his eyes and turns his head, evading the next kiss Castiel attempts to give. “Don’t know if I believe you.”
Castiel approaches the stairs, touches the banister. He looks up the stairwell, at the landing to the second storey up ahead.
Sam strikes out his foot, kicking Dean in the shin.
It’s fine, really. She and Inias are already busy in meetings with Castiel. It’s not like they’re missing each other much. This kind of thing happens when people get put onto different projects. Still, Dean is looking forward to the day when BEAU is done, and Inias and Miriam can be brought back into the legacy fold.
—in heaven?” She scoffs. “If there’s one place I’m not meant to be, this is it.”
Cas smiles. “Something like that.”
Again, that spicy smell struck the air, and Dean felt his heat surge in answer, briefly overwhelming him. A warble entered his knees, buckling them. He felt the sudden urge to cross his legs.
Without a word, Michael oversees the duration of the questioning, sitting silent and imposing, his gaze never once straying from Castiel.
"Couldn't just croak and bequeath me your office, could you?" Miriam says with a wink.
Castiel looks up when the footsteps come into the kitchen, but it’s only Sam, looking damp and harried by what must have been his morning jog. He greets Castiel quickly, and then rushes through drinking a glass of water, punching buttons on the coffee maker with his thumb while the glass continues to drain.
“No, that’s not—” Sam cuts himself off and tries again. “The spell to make people forget about Abbie is separate from the spell keeping us out of the city. They both center around the same idea, but one has a way bigger radius of effect.”
Dean waits for her pronouncement to carry some kind of emotional follow-through, a weight that signals just how terrible this event should be considered, in the grand scheme of things. Instead, the queen lifts the glass of water Cas has brought her, and takes from it a tepid sip.
Val nods along, scouring her memories for a man who might fit the description, but the locals she knows in the over-twenty crowd are almost entirely all blood kin. “Must be close, if you guys traveled in for it.” The girl looks up from her phone, surprised, so Val gestures to her hands. “The last girl who wore black nails around here moved away the same day as grad.”
It feels stupid, following dream logic in the real world, out where a very real battle is breaking around them. But still Dean brushes a palm against Cas’ cheek. Tucks his fingertips into the curls of Cas’ hair. Cups Cas’ chin and lilts up his mouth, all the better for Dean to press their lips together in a delicate kiss.
The thought of seeing the Shadow again sends shivers through Castiel’s wings. “Jack, are you sure you wouldn’t… like to do that yourself?”
“Who’s the expert, me or you? Just try to—”
“Nope,” the girl says, popping the word.
“You—there’s more of them,” Dean says, more out of shock than anything. “Was there a sale or something?”
, of all people—chimes in to tell Cas how he should have stayed in better touch with his team.
Dean swallows hard against the old instinct telling him no, don’t say it, don’t admit to something so vulnerable. But he forces his way through it, stomachs it down, says: “You’re his kid, so you’re my kid. Now until forever. And I should’ve never told you otherwise.”
“Um, thanks?” Sam says, at the same time Cas says, “What.”
“What is it?” Jack asks, crouching down beside Castiel, among the blooming peonies.
Dean is endeared, just for a moment. He punches that feeling down. “Yeah, see—look.” He walks Cas back to the bedroom again, this time to fetch the grid map. Dean smooths the wrinkles out from the paper, flattening it along the kitchenette cabinet. “We’re here, right? And the footage, that’s there.” Dean swipes his finger along the gray line of the perimeter. “Can’t cross this without getting sick.”
Bart approaches Dean once the meeting has finished. He swaggers over with an insufferable grin plastered on his face, and Dean can already tell he’s going to hate what’s coming for him.
Garth chuckles. His hand folds warmly over Dean’s hand. “Because I had the wedding album packed already!”
One page in and with three minutes left until the meeting, Dean says screw it; even if he doesn’t have the right format to report the information, he knows legacy’s current status like the back of his hand.
Dean chuckles but otherwise keeps his eyes peeled on the road unfurling ahead of them. They turn onto a private lane that curves until the trees give way to a quiet patch of loosely tended lawn boxed in by a wooden fence. A small farmhouse reclines against the far treeline, its batten board siding painted a stark white against the black storm shutters framing in the windows. Distantly, Dean can see the throwing range located offside the house, caged in by safety fencing.
And the hiccup of a new SA is nothing they haven’t dealt with before; in a month they’ll be able to tell whether the new hire is worth their mettle. If so, they’ll get pulled into the dynamics Dean’s been building, the cogs kept cranking smoothly.
“Sure. Whatever you say.” The elevator dings. The doors open, but Dean does not move to enter. “One last thing. If you’re prepping the defect list for tomorrow, make sure you refresh your query before the meeting, okay? Anael should be signing off on a bunch of bugs before you’ll need to show off again.”
“You okay?” Sam asks, at the same time that Dean says, “What’s the emergency?”
Across the cubicle floor, he sees a shadow moving behind the blinds in Castiel’s office, peering through its windows. Snorting, Dean closes his phone and takes a sip from his coffee. He then slinks away from the water cooler crowd, crossing the cubicle floor.
That's
“It’s my grace,” Cas answers, shrugging around the bag.
Castiel climbs into the driver’s seat, turns the ignition. “Now, where do you live?”
Cas gentled his hands down Dean’s back. He pressed his mouth into the tufts on Dean’s hair, voice sleep-rough and soothing. “I love all versions of you.”
Of the defects Dean keeps for himself, he assigns only the lowest priority ones to Castiel, hoping a couple easy bugs might help cut his teeth on analysis work. It shouldn’t take the guy more than half an hour to find an answer for each, on a good day, but with the training wheels currently left on his timelines, Dean expects it’ll occupy Castiel well into tomorrow.
“It’s okay,” Castiel whispers. “Go back to sleep.”
But Castiel remains adamant, drawing back once more. “Dean, I want you to know. You have to know that this”—another kiss—”I don’t want to be just an office fling.”
Doug huffs, laughing. “Bacon, bacon, bacon.”
“What the hell.” Dean squints, frowning. He turns on the light by his bed, tilts the phone every which way but no, it’s clean. Somehow the text simply doesn’t display.
“Sorry, Mir,” Dean says, nudging her back until she’s out on the cubicle floor. “Talk to you once BEAU is done.”
Dean nodded numbly, sliding forward along the comforter on his belly. His gut contracted as his face hit the pillow, Castiel’s scent strongest and most soothing, there.
“Well, insofar as communicating with me can be considered ‘socializing’, yes.”
The end of day comes. They exchange goodbyes, same as always, parting ways as though the fabric of the team hasn’t irrevocably changed. There’s little time spared on more meaningful farewells; everyone knew this day was coming, the loss of another legacy member, even if they weren’t certain when.
Cas tightens his arms around him. “Don’t you dare.”
Dean turns away, making a face.
“An hour,” Claire answers, her attention back on her laptop. “We’ve got maybe an hour left before Libby disappears too.”
“Just me,” Mary says. “Sorry for the hour, but mind me picking your brain for a minute? We’re on a deadline here.”
“I’ve thought about it, and I just don’t see a way,” Castiel says. His resolve hardens. “But just because they’re pushing me off legacy doesn’t mean I’m going to accept it.”
Castiel takes a contemplative bite of his burger. There’s so much history contained in this one basic device. People he doesn’t know, chatting frequently with him. People he does know, falling silent. So many memories lost, that he might somehow glean.
“She just needs to be in his head for a couple minutes,” Sam says again, as if Dean hasn’t already heard it repeated enough times.
Ryan glances to Maggie, urging her to speak up. Maggie shakes her head minutely in response.
“I’m happy to be here,” Castiel said, again in that sincere tone. “You’re lovely. And I don’t want you to suffer.”
Dean makes a beeline for his work inbox, reviewing the emails that have come in over the past two days. He asks Castiel a few questions based on what he’s reading, but Castiel assures him that it’s all been looked after. There’s nothing for Dean to worry about for the time being, which is weirdly both the same and completely different than Dean has ever been.
Dean scoffs, giving a sarcastic wave. “Oh, so he speaks.” He returns that scowl Cas is giving him, then darts his gaze away. “Don’t think Chuck would bother tying us together. Not on the note we left him.”
Dean’s right about the shower. He does feel better once he’s under its spray.
“Guys, can we focus?” Sam asks. “Dean, you know what you’re looking for inside, right?”
Dean perks up in his seat, twisting around with attention raised. “And?”
He dodges the first two scimitars slicing at him, pushes in while Sam gets tossed into the stairs by a couplet of aggressive djinn.
“So kind of like a manager at the same time as dev.”
The third hour of rolling nausea just about does Dean in. He pulls over at a c-store under the guise of needing fuel, then pops inside, grabbing a bottle of antacids and an iced coffee to wash a handful down. The air conditioning inside the building is out, leaving the hapless attendant to sweat out the day’s heat between the cross-breeze of two competing fans. Dean catches a hint of the air current as he pays, the brief moment lifting the sweat from the back of his neck.
Anael reviews a disappointingly short list of angels. “Akobel, I suppose. He’s well-suited toward compassion.”
Dean makes a guess at what Patience means. “The kid went missing here?”
Sighing, Castiel plunks himself down in the chair in the corner, the one he drapes his clothes over when he intends to wear them another day. Thank god the place isn’t more of a mess; he wasn’t expecting company.
The passive-aggressive snark seeping into Bart’s phrasing, when he announces officially that Castiel has resigned.
Dean rose to height, steadied only by the fact that he didn’t want Cas to be alone. He moved in slowly, ready for rejection, crowding in until Cas’ forehead gently bumped against his hip.
. A hundred years could have passed on earth and it would still be too soon for Dean to—
It’s an awkward process in such confined spaces, the van’s shocks squeaking with every elbow and knee bumped into the walls. But soon enough Dean is pulling Cas back on top of him, a knee hooked around Cas’s leg, their cocks nestled together as Dean sucks Cas’s tongue back into his mouth.
“I’ve heard that before,” Castiel says simply, returning to his tea.
The next morning, Claire opens a foot trail app on her phone and spreads out their makeshift map on the bench seat between them. Dean drives with an eye on the bag of sunflower seeds she’s systematically shucking, trying to ensure she’s not dropping shells into the footwell while also avoiding the ‘old man’ moniker Claire’s bound to bestow when she finds out that he cares.
The lot of them settle in between their parked cars, leaning and sipping at their coffees. Dean snags a second donut from Max’s breakfast stash and winks his thanks at the twins.
“Last file’s been converted,” Dean calls over his shoulder. After a couple minutes spent sanity testing the legacy application, he updates the work order status, moving its assignee over to Anael. He updates their messenger app for good measure. “Done. Now to wait and see what Jo says.”
Uncovering what happened to Abbie Lynn turns out to be trickier than any of them realized.
Castiel must be catching on now, too, because all the fight goes out of him. He leans back in the driver seat, his hands unclasping their rigid grip on the wheel. “I’m sorry that this happened to you. The season shouldn’t have ended this way.”
“Walk,” says Castiel. “If that’s okay.” As they walk out of the parkade together, Castiel adds, “I didn’t think you’d remember that restaurant. It was weeks ago I mentioned it.”
“Mm.” Cas stretched out his legs much the same as Dean had, this time his knot jostling Dean in place. His arms briefly tightened around Dean, squeezing gently as he released tension from his back.
Dean shouts back, “Get the fuck out!”
“Kurt,” Hank says sharply, ripping his sudoku book out from Kurt’s sweaty hands. “
“Oh, now, isn’t this a wee bit on the nose?” Rowena asks, arms slung through Sam’s and Cas’s, the two men towering over her like bookends. “If I wanted to see such a boring match I’d just fly home for the highland games.”
Dean’s heart lurches at the proximity.
Dean groans against Cas. “Tell me it’s not Sam’s.”
“For what, Dean?” Castiel asks keenly.
Castiel frowns through pushing the towel away. He glances around for a clock; Dean tells him the time. “Another twenty,” he burbles, voice burred by sleep. “Maybe more.”
Castiel nods, distantly. He stares at Dean’s forearm. Sometime during extubation, Dean removed his jacket. His shirt sleeves are rolled up to his elbows, now, and his skin—
One edge of the bed is closer; Dean’s hand falls over it, hanging out over the black.
“Ah,” Adam says, mouth thinning. “Better let Michael tell you that.”
Dean wants to be petty and tell him no, he doesn’t need anything from Cas, but gathering intel is the whole point of this trip so they may as well test this too. Dean closes his eyes and purses his lips, shaking out his shoulders in preparation for the incoming spike of icy-hot grace.
Dean hums like he’s thinking about it, even though five years have told him these people only interact with him because they’re getting paid. “I dunno, Sammy. Five o’clock on Friday rolls around and I’m about ready for bed, not shots.” He scrubs a hand down his face, sighing. “The office just leaves me—spent.”
Dean shrugs. His mouth screws up in an approximation of a grin. “Maybe. There was a rough patch, when me and Sam were on the road most of the time, travelling back and forth between the households. He hit a rebellious streak and, uh.” Dean’s chuckle fades, grin falling. “Made it hard to keep him under control.”
“Hey.” Dean swivels his chair around, nudging Castiel’s leg with his socked foot. “It’s not that bad.”
After his head has cleared, Dean hauls the cooler out from the back and grabs a lukewarm beer. He props himself up against the trunk and looks out at the last remnants of the sunset fading between the trees. Crickets chirp through the twilight. Dean keeps his gaze trained upwards, watching until the stars come out.
“He was. Uh. Lucifer’s kid.”
“That’s good.” Sam nods his head slowly, as if the idea is building steam in his mind. “It’s good, right? Cas isn’t the only one who can enter this perimeter.”
Castiel chanced a look along the bench seat, to where Dean had propped one knee roughly against the dashboard, the other splayed open around the unzipped fly of his jeans. Between Dean’s rhythmic panting and the crooked angle of his wrist between his legs, Castiel had little to imagine regarding what Dean’s fingers were busy doing.
But then his fingertip glides down, glancing over a strong cheekbone. He scrapes over stubble, and the sensation is so exciting that Dean cups his hand to Castiel’s cheek, the feel of him thrumming through his skin. His thumb meets cheekbone again, sweeping over it, Castiel’s cheek hot where it tucks into his palm.
When his stomach had settled, Dean slid on fresh heatbriefs and slipped under the sheets on the dry half of his bed. He withdrew his phone from beneath his pillow, and squinted against the brightness as he navigated his way to the Alpha Services app. A banner notification appeared after his account opened, congratulating him on his second year anniversary with them.
