For a brief moment, panic shook John's body. This caused Sherlock's arm to pull him closer, now so close John could feel Sherlock's chin on his head. The moment was over quite quickly, though, for a warm sort of reassurance passed through him like honey. It felt... right. And though his head was pounding quite badly, and his thoughts were foggy, he realized for a moment something quite peculiar. He was wrapped up, in bed, with Sherlock Holmes, and he felt no guilt, nor panic, nor regret. All he felt was love.
The man fired back, kneeing John several times in the groin, punching him a few times in the jugular.
Too tired to think any longer, John takes his coat off and slides his shoes from his aching feet. It had been a long day, of many rubbish appointments and awkward patients and... John shuddered, realizing he'd just have to go back tomorrow. Squinting back at the kitchen clock, John realized how late it really was - nearly four in the morning. No wonder Sherlock was asleep.
"Of course not... I promise, John." Sherlock, to his own surprise, returned the embrace. "Promise..."
"John." The voice was too gentle to belong to Sherlock - yet it did. "John, at least come out and talk. It's really alright." Simultaneously, both Sherlock and John felt something shift inside of them. Something that brought up a picture of one another, something that made their heart beat a bit faster. Something that made John Watson feel so nervous yet uncharacteristically giddy that he limped over to the door, opening it up a few inches.
Lestrade did all he could to stay in control of the situation, but there was no stopping John from gaining the information he needed.
"Seriously, John, have you no faith in my abilities?" Sherlock turned his coat collar up, staring calmly at John. "I jumped out a window before the bomb went off - I mean, I wasn't able to solve it, but I did see someone run off. Let's just hope his body's found on the site."
"Yes, aye, he was a short bloke, yes..." He took a swig of his beer as if he had all the time in the world - which, of course, when Sherlock was involved, he did not. "He had nearly ten pints under his belt, when I told him he oughta stopped. He listened right well, but he was wasted, he was out of it. He left maybe 45 minutes ago, turned left, and he had a nasty limp...." If the bouncer had any more to say, Sherlock didn't hear it.
Instead of dawdling over some pointless test, or even sleeping in his own bed, his pale, slender body is curled up, much like a cat, on the left side corner of the couch. While his eyes sag slightly, the look of tiredness on his face can't even be noticed, for he looks so... peaceful. John looks at him in wonder. Since when did Sherlock, the one and only pompous consulting detective, sleep? Let alone take cat naps on the couch?
Could it be that John had purposely placed himself where he was? Did Sherlock even remember falling asleep - as he so rarely did - on the plush couch? And yet, a vague memory pushed itself to the front of his mind - he had been working on a single experiment, something about rats, for two days straight without sleep. It was hardly surprising he found himself deep in slumber on the couch... but with John?
Sherlock's mind was unusually murky. Alcohol consumption? Likely, but not the answer. It wasn't so much that he felt tired, it was more that he felt... right. Warm. Like he was on top of the world. Looking down and seeing that John had turned over to nestle into his chest, Sherlock knew that he was.
Leaves fell like ripped paper, leaving the damp bark they once called their home behind. A large, black, dress-shoe crushed a few underfoot, but the tall man wearing them cared not - his eyes were straight forward and his mind was eons away.
Even in his insanely tired state, John's eyes could not help but linger on Sherlock. The ruffled black hair that fell just perfectly on his face, the long features, the untucked burgundy shirt... John felt something twist inside of him. Something that was supposed to sit still and beat quietly and not react to looking at his best friend.
Trying to be as gentle as possible he rolled over so he could bury his head into Sherlock's chest, still under Sherlock's chin no doubt. Whether or not the detective was awake or not, John cared not. All he wanted was for the moment to last another thousand years, before the panic settled in for real.
Turning his head slightly, John saw the sleeping Sherlock's arm stretch to his. If his shoulder had not been burning so badly and and his side not been throbbing faster and louder than his heartbeat he might have brought it to his lips to kiss it.
Magnussen notices John’s obvious confusion and briefly wonders why someone of Sherlock’s intelligence would align himself with someone like John. “It works like this, John.
"It's fine, John. I'm fine," Sherlock soothes, moving to stand behind John, looping his arms around his waist.
John can see in his peripheral vision that Greg now only has eyes for Mycroft, his eyes searching the other man's face. Whatever he sees there causes his shoulders to lose the tension they had gained during Sherlock's speech and he gathers Mycroft's hand between his own. Colour graces Mycroft's cheeks but he holds Greg's gaze, placing his free hand over Greg's. A simple smile is exchanged, an understanding gathered and then the hands are loosened and both men return their attention to the room.
The cold voice pulled Sherlock from his dark thoughts, suddenly surprising him that Mycroft had arrived unheard.  Sherlock turned to face his brother, pale eyes blazing and was gratified to see the taller man looking momentarily disconcerted. Mycroft focused his attention on the handle of his umbrella, swinging the length of it gently, before gazing up at Sherlock through lowered lashes.
, holiday cottage, near the Thayatal National Park in Waldviertel, which is where I believe Lechner hid the gems. You can hire a car for us for a few days; it's only a ninety five kilometre - about an hour and half's - drive from Vienna to Hardegg, but I'd rather work to my own time-table than that of public transport. Presuming we can make all the relevant arrangements, and leave as soon as we are packed, we should arrive mid-afternoon, which will give us enough time to start investigating the locale."
A silence draws out between them but it is not an uncomfortable one, rather it is the silence that comes when two intelligent men have much to think about and exhaustion nipping at their heels.
Sherlock protests as he struggles to sit up more, breath quickening when John leans in and uses his uninjured arm to help Sherlock get more comfortable; the move instinctive and relaxed.
With a final round of farewells, John and Sherlock collect their bags from the hallway and go out to meet the awaiting car.  Molly, Mrs. Hudson and Rosie all wave them off from the front steps before going back inside.  Something catches Sherlock’s eye as John is loading the bags in to the boot of the car, having refused the driver’s help.
"Yeah?"  John tilts his chin up, a mixture of pride and anxiety on his handsome face.  "I wanted to do so much more; to kiss you everywhere, to taste you everywhere.  But there will be plenty of time for that, won't there, Sherlock?"
"How have you never deduced this? How is this a surprise to you?" The questions are clearly rhetorical and Sherlock makes no attempt to answer them, merely continues to try and read the truth of the situation from John's face. "My heart wasn't free to be hers, because it was already someone else's." A pause, a slow deep breath. "It was yours Sherlock, it will always be yours."
“Well, when you put it that way…”  John grins. “Look, I’m refreshed now.  I’m going to help, like it or not.”
"John. You can't have forever and a day.  The very nature of 'forever' means, well, precisely that.  Always. Evermore. Until the end of time."
John turns his head suddenly, looking directly at Sherlock, his face earnest.  “And then I returned home to Baker Street.  And to you.”
Sherlock pulls back a little, his breath gusting over John’s face in small gasps.  “Yes, you’re right.”  He rolls so his weight is no longer on John, surreptitiously adjusting himself in his jeans.  “I feel like I should apologise.”
“Just for once, Sherlock, I want to be true to myself.  I’m with you, I love you and I want people to know that.  No more hiding.”  John answers, his voice thick with emotion.
"Sorry." He speaks quietly, not wanting to break the little bubble of understanding in which they exist.
"Ah, good to know." John knows that his face is now reflecting his inner joy and he cares not that he probably looks idiotic staring at Sherlock. Over half a decade ago he had tentatively tried to find out whether Sherlock would be interested in anything more than friendship, six years later, it seems he finally has a positive answer.
Mrs Hudson seems to understand what John wants to say, even though he is still struggling to find the words.
“Shower’s all yours if you want it.”  John says, putting on a pair of black trousers, before pulling out a red shirt from the wardrobe. He slips the shirt on, turning to face Sherlock as he buttons up, his open trousers resting loosely on his hips. “We’ve got about thirty minutes before we need to head down to dinner.”  He smiles up at Sherlock, his hair already neatly styled;  Sherlock is surprised that he hadn’t noticed the sound of the hairdryer.
"Sherlock, I hope you understand what you are getting into here." As Mycroft's gaze was turned back to Sherlock, John was convinced he saw a glimpse of concern on the usually unreadable face.
John stretches up on his toes, the action slow, his attention clear and Sherlock holds his breath in anticipation, his eyes falling shut.
"No. He has a real child on the way, now; he will hardly want me around to look after too." Sherlock saw his brother open his mouth to protest. "No. I'm more determined than ever to do this bloody job now, I'll be back for the wedding but then I'll leave him in peace utterly; give him the opportunity to be a family man."
“It sounds like somebody has been having fun,  Pete’s Dragon again?”  Mrs Hudson queries, waiving aside John’s offer to make her a cup of tea.
He cleans off as best he can before taking a warm, damp flannel back into the bedroom. With care and love, he cleans Sherlock's stomach, kissing the damp skin when he finishes. His legs shake rather less on the return walk to the bathroom and he quickly relieves himself before washing his hands and applying his hand cream. Beeswax, something he knows will appeal to Sherlock. Entering the bedroom again, John blows out the candles, bathing the bedroom in the subdued light of the streetlights filtering in through the curtains.
“John is going on a date, Mrs Hudson.”  Sherlock informs her, fiddling with his microscope whilst observing Rosie draw.  She appears to be trying to draw Arthur - in Wellington boots for some reason - and Sherlock has to concede she’s doing rather a good job of it for a three year old.
"Oh I will, Sherlock, just in my own sweet time." John locks his arms, keeping his upper body away from Sherlock's, grinding his hips down, dragging a long moan out of Sherlock.
"When did she stop coming so much? Was it after you were certain that Sherlock was alive?" John queries, his face strangely devoid of all emotion even as his heart hammers away inside his chest.
"And upon whose orders was Lechner executed?" John winces at the coldness in Sherlock's voice. A long pause follows, neither Mycroft nor Herr Brün willing to claim responsibility. "He was no real threat to anyone and if I had been given access to him, or his apartments, I would have recovered the gems - as I have now proven - without loss of life." Sherlock narrows his eyes and glares between the two impassive men. "So, I ask again, who had Lechner executed?"
“Mycroft collected me from the hospital and drove me to Leinster Gardens. He knew what had happened and understood why I wanted to confront Mary in that manner.  He wasn't happy, but he did it.  I had purposefully left the window in this room open to make you and John believe I had simply climbed out of the window.” There’s a fleeting smirk before sadness once again clouds Sherlock’s face.  “I knew Mary would know the right people to ask and, sure enough, she found her way to me. Numbers twenty-three and twenty-four Leinster Gardens. Demolished except for their facade and a small space behind, perfect for what I needed. A controlled confrontation of Mary.  John deserved the truth. I swore to myself I would never lie to him again about things that directly concerned his safety after … after I left him.”
have though, John. You trusted her and she broke that trust and we both know you don't trust easily." Sherlock feathers gentle kisses into the softness of John's hair, nuzzling his face into the warm, comforting smell of him.
"You do it." It still hurts Sherlock a little to speak, but the words emerge more easily than before. Suddenly, Sherlock is concerned about the loss of time and what Mary may be plotting now that she knows he will pull through. Remembered words flood through him, bringing heat to his cheeks and a hitch to his breath, John saying that he wanted nothing more to do with Mary, that his heart belonged to Sherlock and then, in the most explicit of ways, describing how he wanted his body to belong to Sherlock too.
“That’s because you don’t want to get dressed either, isn’t it?”  John teases, tipping Sherlock’s chin up for a kiss.  “You can get up and get the menu. I’m basking in the compliment.”  John folds his arms behind his head, laughing at the shock on Sherlock’s face.
"Yes, they are Sherlock." John quickly slapped Sherlock's questing hand away from the stitches.  "It will heal more quickly if you leave it alone. I'll check how it's doing again in the morning, so until then, leave it alone!"
John knew that this hug was more than a simple lovers' clinch.  It was the deep, healing embrace of two people, each of whom had been damaged in life's journey, only to discover that their redemption was intrinsically entwined with the other.
"Doctor Watson ....... John..... Forgive me, but are you sure you never had any idea about Ms Morstan's true nature before my brother confronted her?" Mycroft's voice is uncharacteristically soft, the tones carefully modulated but not faked, and it is this, more than anything that has John raising his head from the bed.
“I have always believed you to be dangerous, Mary. I tried to ignore the evidence in front of me, to convince myself that I’d read you wrong, it does happen, more than I’d like to admit.  I wanted to believe that you would be good for John, that you offered him that mix of danger and security he craved, that you truly loved him.” Sherlock manages to work some spittle into his mouth, allowing his words to come out more smoothly, a hint of bitterness tainting them.
"Do you think you can leave your sanctuary in a moment and join me in the shower?" He laughs aloud at the alacrity with which Sherlock emerges from his hidey-hole and moves to his side. "Eager are we?"
“John?”  He rouses slightly from his sleep, half convinced he still dreaming when he feels long fingers slide through his hair, the touch both soothing and stimulating.  He sighs, leaning in to the touch.  “John?  Time to wake up.”  Laughter colours the voice, it’s recognisably Sherlock but it takes John a moment to realise he isn’t still dreaming.  He opens his eyes slowly, smiling at the image of a sunlit Sherlock, hair shining a deep auburn; a colour that’s almost as secretive as the Great Detective himself can be.
Mycroft walked to the threshold before looking at both his brother and John, his face slightly confused as he swept his look from one man to the other. Then with a brief twirl of his umbrella he turned and walked down the stairs. Only when John heard the front door click did he look towards Sherlock. Sherlock was looking down, his thumb resting on his lower lip whilst one finger drifted along the line of his upper lip.
They head down to breakfast, hand in hand, smiling and chatting quietly, nodding their greetings at other hotel residents.  Any one seeing them would be in no doubt that they were there for a weekend break, nothing more.  As usual, John has dressed casually in jeans and a shirt; much to John’s surprise, Sherlock has dressed in a similar manner.
"Strangely, that ties in with my first kiss with a bloke. I was 17, almost 18. I'd just sat my last 'A' level and my mate, Nathan, and I decided to celebrate the end of our exams by getting utterly hammered. He got the beers in, we went to his and we settled down for what we thought would be a truly epic drinking session. We were only a few bottles in when he kissed me. I was so shocked I froze, then, I'm afraid I rather inelegantly snogged him. I'd slept with a previous girlfriend but that experience hadn't prepared me for the surge of want that I felt for him." The memory of his fumblings brings a deep flush to John's cheeks that Sherlock finds strangely endearing. He had expected to feel jealous, hearing about John's previous lovers but instead he feels only inquisitiveness.
What's the 'emergency' Sherlock? I know you're not hurt or ill, as even you would have thought to send me that information first. - JW
"Mary? What's happened? Mycroft, why the hell did you keep this from me? Were you so desperate for my help that you felt the need to conceal this information? "
When they finally walk into the foyer, John breathes a sigh of relief. It's nothing overly special, but it's clean, tidy and thankfully doesn't appear to be excessively busy. They do indeed have a room, a family room. John quickly interrupts when he realises that Sherlock is about to refuse it.
“Because, you miserable sod, some people enjoy getting dressed up and pretending to be someone different, even if it is just for one night.”  John answers, his focus on his daughter as she toddles around the living room, pudgy fingers poking at the piles of paper that seemingly infest every flat surface.
(Approximately a month ago. There was a break-in overnight. I alerted the police this morning when I saw the door was ajar.)
“No.  Contrary to popular belief, when I’m using my mind doesn't slow down, it races!  My body isn’t a consideration, it’s barely even transport during those times.”  His hands fly around, the gesticulations adding emphasis to his words.
"Time for that early dinner I think." Sherlock tilts his chin up and smiles shyly at him, eyelashes dark from the dampness that clings to them. "How about we get a delivery? I'm not really in the mood for cooking tonight, or for going out to pick something up, let's have someone else put in the effort."
John’s face is flushed with arousal and a fine sheen of sweat glistens on his temples. Dark blue eyes appear even darker and his lips are red and full as a result of their extended kissing.
Judging by the wide eyes and parted lips, John would say that Sherlock is feeling overwhelmed at being the centre of John's attentions. He stretches up slightly and nibbles along Sherlock's jawline, nipping as he draws closer to Sherlock's right ear before finally sucking on the lobe. Sherlock's eyes flutter closed and he pulls his lower lip into his mouth, stifling a moan. The sheet gives up its final hold on Sherlock's hips and slips to the floor, puddling around his feet. John takes a minute step back and allows his gaze to travel over the naked beauty in front of him and watches as a dusky pink blush warms the skin on Sherlock's face, neck and chest. Slowly, he places his left hand over the bullet wound on Sherlock's chest, taking a few deep breaths and places a gentle kiss over the scar.
Sherlock looks down at his clasped hands, not wanting to see John’s reaction to his next words, “and I’ll be there to help.
"Again John. Hold my right hand in your left. Excellent. Now put your right hand on my back, just cupping my shoulder blade. Perfect, John, perfect."
“You’re making no sense. Let me go and fetch a nurse.” Sherlock makes to stand but John’s continued hold prevents him.
Sherlock entered the kitchen yawning widely and ruffling his hair with his free hand, he fully expected to see Mrs. Hudson trying to look after him by cooking breakfast and was genuinely startled by the sight that met him.
The words are halting and a flush creeps up John’s neck but Sherlock recognises the words for what they are - heartfelt, and some of the tight pain in his chest melts away.
at kissing." He fixes his gaze on John's lips, wetting his own in anticipation before lowering his voice. "And some day, in the not too distant future, I'm going to show you exactly how exceptional I am."
He allowed his eyes to freely roam Sherlock's naked form.  Pale skin, blessed with a few freckles and moles here and there, adding to his natural beauty. Trim muscles, no unnecessary bulk or fat there, glossy dark curls surrounding the base of a spectacularly hard cock - which now twitched eagerly under his admiring eye. Slowly he raked his gaze back up Sherlock's body, amazed that he finally had the opportunity, had finally been brave enough to say something.  Settling his gaze on Sherlock's face his breath caught in his chest at the otherworldly beauty of the man. His friend. His best friend. His lover. His ........ everything. Sherlock's eyes were sparkling with joy and arousal, blue, gold and green all warring for dominance, those eyes that saw everything now watching John.  His lips were flushed with colour, thoroughly kiss bruised and looking more delectable than ever, a strangely lush mouth for a man but most definitely masculine. John felt the heat rise on his cheeks again as he remembered the feel of those full lips wrapped round his cock. Reaching gently over, John traced Sherlock’s slightly parted lips with his middle finger.  Gasping, John’s eyes flutter shut when Sherlock sucks his finger in, swirling his tongue round its tip, before giving it one more slow suck and allowing John to slowly withdraw his finger, leaving a trail of glistening wetness on Sherlock's full lower lip.
"Feet together John." Sherlock could never understand why people thought John chunky or slow, looking at him now all he could see was a compact, trim body, very much in the prime of life, literally fighting fit. It must be all that infernal knitwear!
Sherlock still appears to be getting texts from Irene, the obscene sound of the text alert shattering John’s peace of mind, Sherlock never seems to respond while John is in the room but the texts continue.
"Ok...." Concern coloured John's voice, making it deeper, rougher. His brows were drawn together, a deep line etching his skin. "Remember, if you need to talk, I'm here for you. Always." John's face suddenly flushed at the intimacy of his words. Sherlock tilted his head as John hastily added. "As is Mrs Hudson, Molly and Greg. Mycroft too if you get really desperate!" The last part was spoken with a shaky laugh, John's attempt to lighten the suddenly heavy atmosphere.
John tilts his head up so he can see Sherlock's expression, it's apologetic but determined. "True." John admits. "But she is the first one I've married."  John leans in and presses a soft kiss to the long expanse of Sherlock's neck.  "I don't know why I'm so upset really.  I already knew she wasn't who I believed her to be and I've admitted to myself, and to you, that I never loved her as I should have."
The suggestions grow more and more ridiculous and the sound of giggles drift through the closed door and echo in the corridors.
No, my brain is really not that 'pedestrian'. I'm working Sherlock, I have other things to be doing. - JW
Sherlock studies John, grey-blue eyes darting to and fro as he observes the way John is sitting - outwardly relaxed but some tension about the shoulders, growing more noticeable the longer he observes; the way John is smiling - hopeful, earnest….. apprehensive; the way John is looking at him - again hopeful and apprehensive, like he thinks Sherlock will read something he will react badly to; the way the sunshine dances over his features - highlighting strong cheekbones that others ignore, the cleft in his chin, mobile lips that promise… irrelevant.  Sherlock snorts, annoyed at the direction his observations have taken him in and returns to the matter at hand.  He studies John once more, noting the way John’s gaze flicks hopefully to the view outside the window.
John takes a moment to stretch his legs out before moving closer to Sherlock, he rests the length of his body against Sherlock’s side, resting his head in the dip of Sherlock’s shoulder.
"I'm giving it a visual check first, John. Checking for obvious abnormalities or diseases. I'll run other tests later." John nods, surprised that Sherlock isn't itching to look, too.
Navy-blue eyes meet Sherlock’s own silver-blue and the sincerity of the statement shines so bright in them that Sherlock has to look away from their intensity.
Sherlock picks up a small bag that contains a change of clothes, nightclothes and a few favoured books and toys for Rosie and follows John as he carries Rosie down to Mrs Hudson.  As usual, Rosie’s arrival is greeted with an excited hand clap and she is lifted from John’s arms and gathered in Mrs Hudson’s deceptively strong ones.  Within seconds Rosie is ‘answering’ Mrs Hudson’s questions and it is soon decided upon that she wants Shepherd’s Pie for her dinner and Banana and Custard for her afters.
I have never been able to get enough of you and adding sex to the equation will make it harder for me to step back.
"Of course." John can see the effect his simple words have on Sherlock, a softness lighting his face before he quickly shuts the expression down again. Grabbing his jacket and keys, John follows Sherlock down the stairs and onto the street, walking next to him as they enter Regent's Park - a happiness he never felt with Mary, flooding his soul.
“I think we should take advantage of the lovely weather whilst we’ve got it and go for another walk, perhaps visit the bees again.  Then we should ensure we are back here for a late lunch, giving you time to observe everyone again, see if you can work out what it is that you’re missing.”  John licks his lips, nervous.  “Then we will see what the afternoon brings.  How does that sound?”
“Nothing.  Only that they wouldn't give me details of his long-term prospects; just that the next forty-eight hours are vital to his recovery and that he will be heavily sedated for the first twenty-four.” Sherlock tries to keep his voice level, emotionless, but he can do nothing to ease the feeling of despair that clutches at his heart.
Patience is a virtue.” Sherlock pauses, passing a lingering look at where his fingers and mouth had just been. “Although perhaps not one of the many virtues you possess.”
Should I be apologising for flooding you with three updates in rapid succession? I honestly don't know! The last chapter, this chapter and the next chapter were all jotted down in their essence whilst I holidayed with my in laws at the end of the summer, they've just been waiting for me to write the story up to that point!
“Are you just going to stare at me all night or are you going to sleep?!” The boy asks irritated and John has to take a moment to think of a response. “I… uhh well, I was actually sleeping in that bed…"
“See you later.” He says as he quickly walks out and starts running towards the beach. The rain falls hard on his face and sometimes there’s a strong wind, stopping him for a moment. But Jim keeps making his way to the beach where Sebastian is already waiting. Jim stops next to him and looks up at the other guy with a smile. Sebastian just looks down at him before looking back at the sea. The waves are getting really high. Jim has to takes some steps back so the water won’t fill his boots. Sebastian just keeps standing where he was. He was taller than Jim and so his boots are higher.
John looks confused at Sherlock who just signs that is alright. Sherlock grabs his bags and walks over to the girls room. John takes a deep breath before walking over to the kitchen. “Need any help?” He asks Kevin.
He wakes up by the sound of his phone that was buzzing on his nightstand. He picks up and answers in a sore voice.
“I have met people before. The people who had captured and sold me, the clients who came by to look and touch. None of them looked away from me.”
Sebastian looks at Jim for a while before giving him a small smile. He liked Jim like this. He was so fascinated by the sea and whenever he was talking about the creature that may or may not exist he looks so.. himself. That’s the best he can describe Jim. As himself.
Sherlock grabs a sheet and covers the body with it. The red from the blood starts staining the white sheet quickly. Sherlock takes the gun away from John and puts it back in his backpack together with the other stuff. He walks over to John and kneels down next to him.
“What are you doing here?” John asks and he crosses his arms while looking at the younger boy. Sherlock stands in front of John, coat collar turned up against the cold wind and his scarf covering half his face. Sherlock takes a small, gift wrapped box out of his pocket and hands it to John.
It is quiet. But not awkwardly quiet. No John likes it. He just looks over at Sherlock, who didn't seem to have a problem with people looking at him, and he thinks. He thinks about where Sherlock might have lived before, if he had friends or family, what he did in his free time. Did he stayed a merman (I guess that’s how you call it) all the time or did he switch from time to time? Are there a lot like him? Or maybe he is the only one of kind. Does he eat fish? Or maybe plants. At the thought of food John’s stomach starts to rumble. He puts down his tea and gets up.
“How was your first night here?” Kevin asks after he has taken off his coat. “Pretty great.” John says. “Only there was a boy who slept next to me.” Kevin looks up confused. “A boy?” John nods. “His name’s Sherlock. He came in last night and just got into the bed I was sleeping. apparently it’s his room."
“I really did miss you though.” Sherlock whispers. John looks him in the eyes and his smile slowly fades. “I missed you as well…” He whispers back and Sherlock closes the distance between them, pressing his lips against John’s. John just closes his eyes and lets Sherlock lead. The familiar feeling sends warm waves through his body and Sherlock deepens the kiss, slowly pushing John on his back and sitting on top of him.
“Well…” John bit his lip. “It’s nice to have a friend.” Sherlock freezes and blinks a couple of times. It is a funny sight. As if Sherlock stops functioning just because John called him his friend. “I can stay for the night.” Sherlock then says when he gets himself back together. John gave him a smile. “That would be nice."
“If you won’t then I will send him something~” She says with a grin on her face while she starts typing. Sherlock quickly turns around and snatches the phone away from here, turning it off. He turns once again with his back to her, holding the phone close to him.
Sherlock pulls himself up, leaning on the edge. The water splashes a bit. He looks at John. “What’s the matter? Did something hap-“ He suddenly stops, his mouth making a small O. “You have spoken with him, haven't you? The manager.” Sherlock asks and John nods.
“I’m going to make some dinner. Do you, uhm… What do you eat?” He asks and Sherlock looks up from the book.
“Don’t think about it too much. It has happened and now I’m almost free.” He gives a small smile. Just a twitch of the corner of his mouth. John takes his hand and gets up.
“It’s been 2 weeks! How can he still not have any information!” Sherlock complains as he walks around the living room. John tries to read the morning paper but with Sherlock pacing around like a trapped animal he can’t even finish the first sentence. He puts away the paper with a sigh. “He said he would call Sherlock. Give it some time and for gods sake can you sit down please!”
"Because otherwise I will kill you right now." Just after he says that the nails dug into John's wrists even more and he hisses from the pain. The tail starts to get tighter around John's legs as well. Cutting of the blood to his legs.
They spend a couple more minutes just looking at the waves before Jim grabs the other boy his hand. “Let's go to the rocks! The view is better there!” He wants to pull Sebastian along but the boy doesn’t move.
His mother doesn’t seem so sure about it but Jim jumps up with a small smile. “Don’t worry, we won’t get to close to the water.” He says and his mother can’t help but smile back.
“Sherlock what’s going? Where are you going?” John asks confused. Sherlock simply hands him the phone so he can read the text before heading to the bathroom. The text on the screen is from an unknown number and it just shows a location nearby the thames. Sherlock comes out of the bathroom, grabs the phone and heads to the front door.
“Oh god…” John whispers as he stares at the man on his bed. He quickly looks around, on his night stand, around the bed and eventually in his trash can. When he sees the ripped condom package he sighs in relief. John looks up when he hears Sherlock shift in the bed. Two ice blue eyes are starring lazily at him and John feels a warm feeling in his stomach when Sherlock softly pads on the empty spot next to him. John craws back into the bed, pulling the cover over both of them.
Sherlock slumbers, fitfully, in the chair, dreaming wistfully of soft pillows and comfortable mattresses.
"Yes, yes, I'm fine," Sherlock gripes, annoyed that their 'afterglow' had been disturbed by anything as mundane as pain. He glances at John just in time to see the hurt at his tone of voice reflected there. "I'm fine. It's just.... " He hesitates, licking his lips before continuing. "The pain killers are no longer at their peak and my body, in general, is beginning to realise that it's not as strong as it believed." He blushes and avoids meeting John's eye. "The, er ...." A flutter of his hand between them and the wall indicates where his thoughts lie. "Our. ...... Activities ...... Seem to have taken rather more out of me than I anticipated."
“What do you fancy?  The mushroom pâté looks nice, as does the Caesar salad.”  John muses, his finger on the menu, his focus now on Sherlock.
“Good.  Yeah, really good.”  John answers, keen to make Sherlock appreciate just how much he likes Louisa.
"Amazing." John could not have held the praise in even if his life had depended upon it. Sherlock, lost in singing, was the most spellbinding thing he had ever seen. At some point John had placed his mug down, its existence forgotten. "I didn't know that you could sing Sherlock." The unasked 'why now' hanging in the air.
"I'm sorry, John, but that's not quite all we discovered." Mycroft's professional tone once again pulls John from his thoughts. "During Ms Morstan's teen years there were a number of unsolved crimes, mostly relating to the disappearance or deaths of young people. The Michigan police are now re-investigating the cases in light of recent new information. It seems highly likely that Ms Morstan was involved, at the very least, with their demise, if not the actual enforcer of it. New research indicates that these people were all known to her father, either through his position at the church or via his job in the local university. It would seem that she was trying to frame her father for their deaths and thus have him removed from the family home. The evidence on the bodies indicates that she showed no compassion or shame for the acts she performed; they neither show hesitation marks nor signs of being cared for or disposed of in a respectful manner."
"Ok. We have the rest of Mrs Hudson's delicious Shepherd's Pie to eat, a cup of tea to drink and you have the added extra of some pain killers to take." John lowers one tray onto Sherlock's outstretched legs and places the other on the bed next to him. He rummages in his pocket for the matches and lights both their candles. "I know that we can't go out on an actual date any time soon, so I thought we could have a more private date now. I even provided candles." A further rummage produces Sherlock's painkillers which he takes without complaint.
“Really?” Sherlock is genuinely shocked. “That barely counts as wanking you off.”   He smiles broadly when John sucks in a surprised breath.
"He means please, Mrs Hudson."  John's softer voice joins Sherlock's request.  Mrs Hudson cannot help the smile that crosses her features; John has his own sharp edges but when he and Sherlock are together they bring out the best in each other.
Hello! Hello! Well, I'm back from my meanderings around London, I had a fabulous time and I think it's fair to say that my daughters and I are much closer for our time away.  (11 and 13 can be such challenging ages!) I've lost count of everything we saw and did, but I did pose next to Benedict in Madame Tussaud's, I did wander down and look at the empty houses on Leinster Gardens and I also manage to pop into the Sherlock Holmes shop on Baker Street! We also saw Wicked, went on a tour bus at night, ogled the richness of Harrods and Fortnum and Masons, went round a few museums and oh, just had a wonderful time!
Sighing, Sherlock lowers his long frame until he is sitting on the edge of the single bed, facing John, their knees nearly touching. Leaning forward, he rests his elbows on his knees, clasping his hands against his lips before lowering them under his chin. Sherlock's gaze rests on him and John fights the urge to fidget under its quiet scrutiny. Sherlock's eyes are a bright, sky blue tonight and John is utterly spellbound as they scan over him. Sherlock's gaze finally stills on John's mouth and John holds his breath.
“As you wish, Doctor Watson.”  Mycroft acquiesces.  “Ms Morstan currently reposes in the morgue of St. Bart’s Hospital, Molly Hooper is in charge of her remains.” He pauses, allowing John time to acknowledge the details.  “I’m sorry to ask this of you, John, but as next of kin it is your decision as to what happens with her remains.”
A huge thanks goes once again to my amazing beta, Lockedinjohnlock. Apparently I think in semi colons but write in commas, she has been hugely patient in correcting all of those! She's most definitely my go-to girl for brilliant word choices!
It is only when the chill air of the bathroom plays over his overheated skin that Sherlock remembers that he had intended to get John to bathe with him. He longs to see John wet again, with only the minimal amount of bubbles playing over his skin, tracing the lines of surprisingly firm muscles. With reluctance Sherlock breaks the kiss, smiling when John makes to follow his lips. He leans briefly over the bath, putting in the plug and getting the water to run at the right temperature before pulling John back into a searing kiss. He grips the bottom of John's jumper, moaning into the kiss when his fingers brush over the hot skin of John's torso, the ability to be able to touch John so intimately still overwhelming to him. In one easy movement he has John stripped of his jumper and is soon savouring the feel of John's naked skin against his own. He knows they have been intimate before but this is less rushed and somehow feels more intense, more real.
“So you want to feel my cock inside you? Stretching you? Filling you?” Sherlock’s voice drops several octaves to a predatory purr.
John rises from his seat and walks over to where Mary is sitting.  He looks down at her for a while, his gaze taking in her face and the gentle swell of her stomach beneath the ill-fitting shirt she is wearing.  His face softens and he sits near her on the sofa, looking directly in her eyes.
"I'll just nip and get something to clean us up a bit and then we'll catch up on some more sleep." John's voice exudes contentment and relaxation; just the sound of it makes Sherlock want to curl up on John's chest and sleep. Reluctantly, he opens his hands and allows John to slide from his grip. John's semen feels cold and slimy in his hand, utterly perfect. Sherlock resists the temptation to bring his fingers to his mouth and taste it, knowing John will be annoyed that he hadn't waited for him to be tested first. Instead, he brings his hand level with his eyes and watches the way it moves over his skin. He imagines that the essence of John is somehow being absorbed into his pores and the idea makes him sigh in contentment.
"Mary? Seriously?" An incredulous grin sits on Greg's face as he waits for the punch line of the joke. He focuses on each man in turn but sees no deceit. "John's Mary shot Sherlock? And you knew, and did nothing?"
“I’m sorry, I can’t tell you that, you’d need to be a member of Doctor Watson’s immediate family.”   She apologises.
Lestrade chuckles in to his drink and settles John’s coat more comfortably over his arm before wandering off to find Mycroft, a man who can always be relied upon for good conversation and company.
"Why would any of that hurt my feelings?" John asks, empty sandwich plate moved to his side table.  He leans forwards, elbows on his knees, his face earnest.  "I'm not so insecure to think that the fact that I probably can't father a child makes me any less of a man.  I didn't want to be a father, hadn't really accepted the fact that I might be one.  Like you, I'm beyond relieved that in all likelihood I'm not going to be."
Sherlock observes John's features as he makes his decision, sighing when the decision is made.  He licks his lips and allows his eyes to close, imagining that he can still taste John on his skin, feel the hot, silkiness of John's penis against his sensitive lips.
“Oh, you know about that too.  I should have guessed, but you always were the clever one.” Mary raises her gun, taking aim, not at Mycroft but at Sherlock. “Take one step further, Mr Holmes and I will shoot your brother.”
Sherlock returns to John’s room just as the nurse is exiting, she acknowledges him with a smile and leaves him alone, once more, with John. This time Sherlock shows no hesitancy, knowing exactly what he wishes to say and he spends the next few hours talking to John about their adventures, admitting, somewhat sheepishly, that he likes seeing himself through John’s eyes.  Sherlock informs him that they still have a few James Bond films to watch, hinting that they should have another Bond marathon while they both recuperate.  He teases John about his love of cat videos on YouTube and his long baths; privately admitting that he likes this softer side of John as much as he likes the thrill-seeking side.  Sherlock lapses into silence, the abrupt realisation that John won’t be bumbling about their flat hitting him hard. Recognising that he is lapsing into a maudlin state Sherlock forces himself to recall, and laugh about, the ridiculous outfits they've worn over the course of their investigations; lamenting the lack of opportunity for either dressing as a pirate or having the opportunity to dance.  This time when he lapses into silence it’s with a more content heart, he may not have John with him but he has his memories.
"Mr Holmes, how did you know where to look for the gems? My intelligence had received no word of them."
"Just some supplies. I got some torches, as I thought we were likely to be out after nightfall. I also picked up a map of Thayatal National Park." John says, shrugging, valiantly ignoring the knowing look on Sherlock's face. Of course he would notice that the bag contains more than the items John has named. Trying to draw Sherlock's attention away from the bag, John enquires about where they will be staying.
He knew he needed to address his feelings towards Mary and the wedding, and soon. Barely acknowledged feelings for Sherlock had been gradually re-emerging since his return, growing stronger with each passing day. The moment that John had allowed himself to linger on the thought of being able to dance with Sherlock, to have him close, had been the moment that the true depth of his feelings had been acknowledged. He loved Sherlock, seemingly had done almost from the moment they had met. He knew he had always been drawn to him, trusted him beyond any other.  Loving him only seemed like a natural progression.  He had always believed Sherlock to be uninterested in love of any kind but he was sure he had seen signs of attraction in Sherlock the previous day.  Sherlock's willingness to put himself out of his comfort zone for him, to make him happy.  The way he had held him securely in his arms when they danced, the flush on Sherlock's cheeks, the gentle breaths on his hair. Sherlock could easily have kept the dance lesson impersonal, kept his emotional and physical distance, but he hadn't.  He had drawn John close to him and had answered questions or offered to give information fully at a later date.  John knew that he had to find out what was happening with Sherlock, knew that Sherlock was his keystone and always would be.
For a moment Mycroft is struck dumb, his mouth opening and closing as he searches for words, eyes blinking rapidly as he processes. "John...."
The concierge enters the details into the computer with quick taps of the keys, eyes scanning the screen, freckled brow slightly furrowed.  “Here we are.  Booking for a superior double room.  Garden view.  Three nights.  All inclusive.  Paid in advance.”  He looks up to check the information is correct.
“Perhaps we can take a walk later?  Lunch first though.” Sherlock smiles down at John.  “Can’t have my ‘boyfriend’ being seen to be grumpy on our first weekend away.”
Sherlock rumbles, dipping his head to suck briefly at John’s cock, relishing the feel of him in his mouth, the intimacy of it washing over him.
"Great deduction that, Sherlock. You should be a detective or something." Laughing at his own joke, John sipped at his drink, savouring the smooth warmth of the whiskey.
"Apologies.  It was just a turn of phrase John, I assure you." Mycroft allowed his cold eyes to linger a moment longer on John, taking in the strong stance and closed face, before slowly turning back to face Sherlock, leaning slightly on his ever present umbrella. John resisted the very childish urge of kicking the umbrella away just to watch Mycroft fall.
They walk hand in hand, the action so natural to them both that they could have been doing so for years, stopping at the concierge desk.
He kept watch outside and switched off the image of Mary that was being displayed on the house when it became obvious that other agencies would need to become involved.”
"Be precise, John, don't jumble it all together." Sherlock's anxiety causing him to be more curt in his answer than he'd intended to be. He flinches and takes a few calming breaths before attempting to answer John's questions. "Attraction I suppose comes first. I have been attracted to a limited number of people in my life, and even fewer of those have felt the same way about me." He fixes his attention on John's joined hands, thinking back to his childhood.
“Not particularly, no.”  Sherlock responds dryly, trying to ignore the small spark of brotherly love he feels for Mycroft and his pettiness towards Mary.
John slips his dressing gown off his shoulders and hangs it on the back of his door, the indoctrinated neatness from his army days still guiding his actions. Luckily so, as now his small room also contains a neat cot for Rosie and his wardrobe and chest of drawers are equally filled with both his and Rosie’s clothes. It’s small and not at all like the house he shared with Mary, but it’s home and he loves it, although, he smiles wryly, a little more room to stretch out in wouldn't go amiss.
Twenty minutes later, John's stomach is rumbling loudly. He is expecting room service to arrive any minute now but is wondering whether the food will arrive before Sherlock emerges from the bathroom. Sherlock has always been very thorough when bathing, taking his time, but John thinks this is something of a record. A knock at the door signals the arrival of his food and John lets the waiter in. The plates are uncovered and left on a small table and John gives the man a small tip before banging on the bathroom door on his way to the table.
The first sound John hears is a steady thud, the second is deep, even breaths. Slowly, the realisation arrives that the sounds are coming from Sherlock. A Sherlock who is very deeply asleep. Loathe to disturb him, John takes stock of the situation. They are both lying on his bed, Sherlock sprawled on his back and John curled on his left side, his head resting on Sherlock's chest. His right arm is stretched over Sherlock's midriff, hand resting lightly on his side. His right leg has managed to insinuate itself between Sherlock's legs. Sherlock's left arm is resting over his torso, fingertips just brushing against John's abdomen, his right arm pinned beneath John's side, hand resting on the curve of his lower back. It takes a moment for John to work out how they had ended up in this position; he remembers his nightmare, the way that Sherlock had comforted him and, it now appears, stayed as he slept. John waits for the embarrassment of the situation to hit him, then waits some more - it doesn't come - and he allows himself to drift off to sleep again, the steady beat of Sherlock's heart lulling him into a deep and restful sleep.
The face that looks back at him in the mirror is a very different one to that of yesterday.  Superficially, he looks very much the same, albeit a tousled and flushed version; his dark hair in chaotic curls, some sticking damply to his forehead, some protruding at crazy angles from his head; his skin still damp and slightly shiny from his earlier endeavours.  No, the difference in Sherlock’s reflection runs deeper than that; glimpses of it can be seen in his eyes and in his posture; his eyes are brighter, more carefree, his posture easy and strangely confident.  And that, Sherlock thinks oddly surprised, sums up how he feels; in simplified terms.
John has long wanted Sherlock to be involved with his child, almost from the moment he found out Mary was expecting.
Sherlock intently studies John’s face, searching for further clues and is surprised to see both embarrassment and disappointment there.
Sherlock's mind was racing by the time John had finished in the shower.  He was more confused than ever as to what he may have heard whilst in the grip of his nightmare. It was only when he heard a hastily stifled laugh from the kitchen doorway that he realised his body had been on autopilot.  In front of him were two plates of perfectly prepared food.  Scrambled eggs, grilled tomatoes, baked beans and freshly buttered toast with accompanying mugs of piping hot tea.  Frowning slightly, he gave an elaborate shrug.
The gentle touch of a warm hand to the small of his back draws John out of his increasingly unpleasant remembrances.
"Breathe, Sherlock, deep breaths." John's voice is soothing and calm, a balm over Sherlock's roiling emotions. "I know you don't feel things like that, and I'm probably being unfair telling you, but I can't keep it to myself any longer. I will always be your friend, Sherlock, I don't need for it to be anything more, but I thought it was time that you knew that you are worthy of being loved."
John is bucking into his hand, the moves almost violent in their intensity. He can feel where Sherlock's large hands have moved to clutch at his backside, long fingers parting and squeezing his buttocks, riding the motions of John's hips.
"I'd... wow, I'd really love that Sherlock."  When Sherlock looks up, the brightness of John's open smile is almost blinding.  "Are you sure, though? You're still healing.  I wouldn't want to whack you whilst I slept or something. I can fidget quite badly and you still need your rest." John's smile begins to fade as he thinks about how he could unwittingly hurt Sherlock.
He was standing with his hands behind his back when Sherlock turned around, those strangely luminous eyes swept quickly over John's form and face. Quickly taking in all the relevant details.
Sherlock closes his eyes and focuses on the patterns John's fingers are tracing on his naked chest.  Gradually, the patterns start to form letters.  I.  L.  O. V .... With a gasp Sherlock's eyes fly open and he flips John over onto his back, pinning his hands above his head, his own body straddling John's hips.  John's eyes are wide in surprise but he is not struggling.  Sherlock studies John's face intently, trying to find out what John might have meant with his letter tracing.
In smooth moves that surprise even himself, John climbs onto the bed, moving until he is braced on his hands and knees over Sherlock.
"I was still very self-centred then, much more than I am now and I took the loss personally. I felt like I had lost both Michael and Mycroft that day, and shortly after I lost myself. My time at university was ...... challenging. ... Friendships were hard, relationships disastrous and my mind was a constant whir of facts, figures and observations. I needed to escape; to escape the world and to escape myself. Hence the drugs. And they helped, or at least, I believed they did. Somehow I managed to scrape through my degree but it was even worse after and I purposely mixed with the wrong people, envying the dangerous life they appeared to lead. I lost track of the number of times Mycroft pulled me out of some hell-hole and put me in rehab before I finally realised I was destroying my mind as well as my future. That time the rehab worked."
“Yes.  As I’ve hinted, several times, a sexual element isn’t mandatory for our relationship but I would find it helpful if we could establish some boundaries so that I don’t inadvertently make you feel uncomfortable or obligated.  I’m in this for the long haul, whatever your answer.”   John twists on the bench so that he faces Sherlock more, waiting for Sherlock to meet his gaze.  “I love you.  And I’m fairly certain that you love me.”
"Back? He was never in my bloody good books to begin with! He made the wrong impression the first time I met him and did nothing to alter that in the time that followed. The information he provides us with needs to be nothing short of fucking miraculous for me to even think about opening my 'good book' for him!"  John can feel the blood rushing to his face and is aware that he must be glowing red in anger, the tendons taut in his neck.  He crosses his arms in an effort to calm his agitation.
"When we were dancing you told me about the legend of other halves, about how we were all once split in two and how finding that other person completes us, makes us whole.  Well I've found that person. I found them years ago but I've been too afraid to say it out loud.  I found them the moment I walked into that lab at St. Barts all those years ago and met you.  I wish I'd told you sooner what you mean to me, Christ, I wish I could be sure you could hear me now."
“Coincidence?”  John remains in his original position, a small smile playing over his lips, his eyes sparkling.
John closes his eyes and chases the kiss, deepening it momentarily before drawing away.  When he opens his eyes he meets and holds Sherlock's gaze. "No more blame, Sherlock. No more should haves, this is what we have now, who we are. It may have taken a cock-up of colossal magnitude but we're here now.  I love you.  I trust you.  You are mine and I am yours.  Really that's all that matters, isn't it?"
Steam curls in slow tendrils from the surface of the bath water up to the ceiling, drifting around the light fixtures in a lazy dance before dissipating into the gently cooling air. A warm, deep chuckle echoes around the tiled room in reaction to small, strong hands tugging lightly at dark auburn leg hair.
So sorry for the time away, I've been very busy having lovely friends to stay, being a full time mum and oh going to the theatre!
“Good.”  John answers emphatically, needing to make Sherlock understand.  “Because I’ll still be there, getting lost in the work alongside you.  Still falling asleep in my chair of an evening.  And  I’ll still be an arsehole too.”  He reaches out, running his hand down Sherlock’s arm before weaving their fingers together.  “I don't want some idealised Sherlock.  I want the Sherlock I fell in love with.  The man who throws tantrums on the sofa, who tortures his violin, who thinks that almost everyone is an idiot.”  Once again he pauses, allowing Sherlock processing time, before continuing, his voice quiet but clear.  “The man who plays the most beautiful music in the world when he knows I am struggling to sleep.  The man who always has a cup of a tea ready for me when it’s all been just a bit too much.  The man who ensures that I eat, even when we’re on a case.  The man I'm raising a daughter with - our daughter, Sherlock.  The man I love.”
Sherlock chuckles lightly, his laugh turning more genuine as John joins in.  Their humour always has tended to be on the darker side.
Despite his outward calm, Sherlock is still trembling, his breath betraying his excitement and nervousness, easy enough for someone who knows him well to read.
Quiet wraps its tender arms around the two men as they allow their thoughts to drift over all that may come.
Sherlock’s eyes flash instinctively to the underside of John’s bed where the catheter bag had previously hung, out of eye-line but easily accessible; its absence adding credence to John’s words.
It took him longer to catch the attention of a cab driver than if he'd been with Sherlock, but he'd found through trial and error that his full Captain Watson stance got the required attention soon enough. Sherlock's response finally came through just as John was giving the street address.
"Who made sure you ate whilst you were working on that Vatican case? I know you usually won't eat whilst working, but you look well, like you've eaten regularly."  As John spoke, he kept his gaze on his plate, instinctively giving Sherlock space to answer.
"We spent the summer together, always hiding it from our parents, but the moment the door was closed we'd be all over each other. Teenage hormones and the energy of youth keeping us very occupied and sated!" John grins. "It was really only hand-jobs and rubbing against each other until we came, too much lust for any real staying power. We cared for each other but knew we had to go our separate ways when we went off to uni, I guess the fact that we were living to a time limit added to the frisson of it all."
His body stiffened automatically as a soft, gentle, warm hand was placed on his cheek. Slowly small scents reached his nose, automatically informing him of who had found him. Talc - rose scented, flour - self raising, chocolate chips - milk, fairy liquid - lemon. Mrs Hudson. Quickly he pulled himself into a standing position, turning his body away from her sympathetic gaze, horrified at himself for letting his emotions rule him so completely, mortified at being discovered. He busied himself pulling his shirt back into some order, hoping that his icy demeanour would make Mrs Hudson leave. She didn't, her light footsteps indicating she was walking closer to him, her slippers - new, present from a grateful neighbour - making barely any noise. When would he learn not to be surprised by the compassion of the people he cared about?
"My contacts tell me that Doctor Watson was seen accompanying Mary Morstan in an ambulance during the early hours of yesterday morning."
"Oh god! Me too John! I hoped..... but..... Forever John! You and me, against the rest of the world."
Sherlock studies John, grey-blue eyes darting to and fro as he observes the way John is sitting - outwardly relaxed but some tension about the shoulders, growing more noticeable the longer he observes; the way John is smiling - hopeful, earnest….. apprehensive; the way John is looking at him - again hopeful and apprehensive, like he thinks Sherlock will read something he will react badly to; the way the sunshine dances over his features - highlighting strong cheekbones that others ignore, the cleft in his chin, mobile lips that promise… irrelevant.  Sherlock snorts, annoyed at the direction his observations have taken him in and returns to the matter at hand.  He studies John once more, noting the way John’s gaze flicks hopefully to the view outside the window.
I just want to say I feel blessed at the fact that I'm able to be part of this creative fandom.  I've 'met' some wonderful people and made some amazing friends, ones I hope will last a lifetime.
"Sherlock! Just stop now! I really don't think that's any of your business!" John finally rediscovered his voice to interrupt his friend mid flow. He was not surprised to see Sherlock studying him, his face angled to the side, hands in their habitual 'thinking' pose. John fought against the strong desire to turn his face away, instead making an effort to school his face to show as little of his inner turmoil as possible.
A minute part of John's brain was telling him that he should be feeling self conscious, that he shouldn't be feeling so comfortable standing so intimately with Sherlock.  That he should leave and go home to Mary, that this situation wasn't fair on anyone. It was the same part of his brain that had made him attack Sherlock on his return, when all he had wanted to do was welcome him back with open arms.  The same part that had made him pursue his proposal to Mary, even though he had been unsure. The part that had kept him distant from Sherlock, emotionally and physically, for months. It was also the part he totally ignored when out on cases, the bit that said 'don't go in there, it's dangerous' as John launched himself full pelt into a burning building after Sherlock. It was this minute part of his brain that John was steadfastly ignoring again now, instead of listening to the larger, much more vocal part that was telling him how much he belonged there. Belonged in 221B, belonged in this room, belonged with Sherlock. How right being held by Sherlock felt and how exhilarated he felt just from the proximity of him.
John licks his lips at the sight before him, at the long line of pale skin that has been exposed, the way that the thin shirt is starting to cling to Sherlock's body in the humid air. He is very grateful that Sherlock is turned away. He knows that the way he feels about Sherlock is written clearly in the lines of his body: he can blame the hot shower for the flush on his skin, the sudden cool air for the way his nipples have peaked, but he can think of no way to excuse the stirring of the towel wrapped around his hips.
Thank you to everyone for sticking with this story, I honestly hadn't expected it to last so long! It appears I'm a sucker for the very slow burn!
John pops briefly into the kitchen, liberating a few cakes from Mrs Hudson's Tupperware box before pouring Sherlock a glass of water. John rests the plate of cakes on the arm of Sherlock's chair before handing him the glass of water. He fumbles in his pocket for a moment before finding the small packets of tablets he had slipped in there at the hospital. Popping two out, he hands them to Sherlock. Sherlock swallows them without complaint, wincing as he lifts the glass of water. John nods, relieved that Sherlock has taken his medication without protest.
"What did you order, Sherlock? I caught one and two in amongst it all, but I admit I missed the rest."
The taste of John blooms on Sherlock’s tongue, a heady mix of clean sweat, John’s natural musk and an undertone of his aftershave.
John reassures him before pulling Sherlock into a kiss; he uses Sherlock’s momentary distraction to turn them so that Sherlock is now lying on top, his long body draped over John’s more sturdy form.
Sherlock leaves his trousers almost gaping open and in one swift movement Sherlock strips his shirt off over his head, revealing a lithely muscled chest dusted with fine, dark hair.
Finally, he leaves the bathroom and walks back to the bedroom. Sherlock is lying on his back on the bed, his long limbs are relaxed and his hair makes a dark halo on the pillow. His eyes are closed and John uses the moment to look his fill. As his eyes travel over Sherlock's body he notices that the button to Sherlock's trousers is undone, the waistband of well-fitting dark blue boxer shorts apparent. He realises that he must have reacted vocally as Sherlock lazily opens his eyes and beckons John over with one imperiously crooked finger.
“Intensive Care operates a strict two visitors to a patient regime, I’m afraid you won’t all be able to go in.  Mrs Watson will be arriving shortly to visit her husband, I’m sure she’ll appreciate quality time with him.”
"Oh, yes."  Sherlock's voice is oddly calm, his words interspersed with his continued administrations.
John remembers that he had been reticent to do so - not wishing to relive that pain again - but had eventually conceded;
Gethin directs his next words at Sherlock, knowing that it will be Sherlock who will try and push his boundaries.
"No.  Now sit there whilst I get the new dressing."  John rifles through the bag that the hospital had given him, retrieving a sterile dressing, tape and the antibiotic cream.  As he gets himself organised he has to bite down a grin in response to Sherlock's annoyed muttering, Sherlock is obviously feeling much more like his old self again.
Mycroft presses a kiss to the back of Lestrade’s hand before clearing his throat and sitting upright in his chair, wincing when the movement aggravates his injury.
John fights not to let his jaw drop in shock when Greg leans over and squeezes Mycroft's lower thigh, letting his hand linger. John knew that there was interest on Mycroft's side but it is only now that John realises that Greg returns said interest. Mycroft flushes at Greg's touch but does not remove his hand, merely patting it before clasping his hands together once again in his own lap, looking very much like the cat that got the cream. A pampered ginger Tom!
When Sherlock looked again at John it was to see his own face and form being studied, an odd look on John's face. Sherlock barely had a moment to register the look before it was gone, all expression wiped clean from John's usually mobile face.
Huge thanks to Heyerette for her recommendations on what John and Sherlock order whilst in the cafe, and for her patience when answering random questions and translating even more random snippets of conversation!
"No, together, 'There's always two of us', that's what you said." Sherlock's voice grows weaker as a wave of tiredness hits him. He can see that his morphine level is still quite high, enough to keep the pain relatively at bay but also enough to make him sleep for many more hours than he would like. At the back of his mind, he realises that John must be monitoring his levels and that he considers it important for Sherlock to sleep. Distantly he recalls that the body often does its best healing whilst asleep.
"Does..." Sherlock broke off, gnawing at his lower lip. Torn between wanting to know and wanting to stay in denial. "Does John love her?"
"Good afternoon Mr Holmes, Doctor Watson. I've been given the go ahead to remove the blood pressure cuff and the heart monitor from you." As the nurse chats away he efficiently removes the cuff and clip, tidying them away neatly before wheeling them into the hall. Sherlock stretches his arms out in relief, wincing when his morphine feed pulls at his hand again.
“Hummed.  She was reticent to be put down.”  Sherlock shifts her weight a little before fixing John with an interrogative gaze.  “I take it the date went well.”
John carefully puts his glass back on the bedside unit and gives himself a moment to organise his thoughts.
Bringing John's face down for a lingering kiss Sherlock poured all of his love, all of his tenderness into it. John sighed deeply, breathing a small 'perfect' as Sherlock pulled away and stretched to open the draw.  Quickly he grabbed a small tube from inside, pressing it into John's hand, before pulling John back into another kiss. John squeezed lube onto Sherlock's fingers, groaning at the earlier remembrance of them being inside him, his cock twitching in anticipation. Quickly John found himself flipped onto his back, a gasped laugh escaping him before being silenced by the gleam in Sherlock's eye.
“Yeah, you’re not being very subtle there.”  John’s hand comes to rest on his forearm, squeezing lightly before letting go.  “Might want to ease back on the glaring a little.”
The beeping of the timer cuts off any response that Enid may have been about to make and hot mince pies are placed on a cooling rack on the table.  “Another cuppa, dear?’ A gentle smile graces Mrs Hudson’s kind face.
The next ten minutes are filled with frantic searching and scrabbling. Their hands are filthy and their lower arms are scratched before John's fingers finally settle on a package, wrapped in water proof canvas, buried deep within a hollow tree.
"I know you've never had sex with anyone, but what about kissing? Or just attraction?" John has altered his position on the bed, now sitting closer to Sherlock's waist than thighs, his hands linked loosely in his lap.
"Michael John Arthur Allen?" He reads. "Allen? That's her real surname isn't it?" He glances around at the faces of the men in the room. "Is it her father or something? I thought he was dead. An uncle perhaps?"
“What will you do now? Will you approach them? Let them know how you feel?” Sherlock asks, knowing the answer but needing to hear John say it.
"Mumbling, John!" Sherlock knew that he was now smiling John's special smile, could feel the lightness in his heart that came with it. John had remembered a chance comment of his, made years ago, kept it.  Cherished it?
"It's been....... good.  Interesting.  More tomorrow?" Sherlock sounded unusually hesitant. The strangeness made John look up.
“Fancying another nap in the meadow?”  Sherlock teases, reminding John of his impromptu sleep the previous day.
“Hmm.” She studies him critically before deciding to believe him. “OK. I’ll be back bright and early tomorrow. Love you.” She drops a distracted kiss to his hair. “You too, Sherlock, let him rest.”
Slowly Sherlock undid John's belt buckle, taking his time to draw it out through each loop of the jeans. Leaning in he kissed along the line of dark blonde hair that showed above the low slung waist of the jeans, his eyes still holding his lover's gaze. Using his long, strong fingers he undid the button, moments later gently taking the zip between his teeth and drawing it down. He could see John's eyes darken even further and felt the tremors going through both of their bodies. Gently he snaked his tongue through the open zip and licked the material he found there, his eyes were still locked on John's face and he could see the look of pure bliss on it, could see John's lips forming the words 'oh fuck' over and over, a profane litany. Moving his hands over John's hips he pushed the jeans to the floor, lifting each leg out of the material before pushing the jeans away.
"God. You taste divine, John. So much more than I ever imagined; no fantasy ever came close to this."  Sherlock's words are spoken directly onto John's skin, warm breath over damp skin raising goosebumps, causing John to tremble further.
Taking a steadying breath, Sherlock turns around, and is utterly unprepared for the vision before him.
John felt Sherlock move closer, felt the waves of heat emanating from Sherlock's chest, their naked torsos almost touching.  "The dreams relate to the time I spent dealing with Moriarty's web.  Yes John, I said dreams.  Last night was not my first; I've had them virtually every night since returning to London." As usual, Sherlock was able to answer John's unvoiced question.  His voice was flat and emotionless; John presumed that it was part of Sherlock's coping strategy. "And yes, the scars are directly related to the time I spent away from you.  As you know, I spent most of my time abroad; I worked alone, putting no one at risk but myself.  It was hard work, unforgiving and lonely.  So many times I nearly made contact with you, only to change my mind at the last minute. I couldn't risk your safety; you were the whole reason I was there, to keep you safe.  Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade are important to me, of course they are.  But you John? You are vital."
His grin broadens into a smile when he sees John smiling sheepishly back. Together they ease back into the main room, working together perfectly as they always do. John slowly helps Sherlock to sit back on the bed before carefully swinging his legs up onto the mattress. Sherlock leans back against the pillows with an audible groan of relief; even the short walk to the bathroom and back seems to have drained his remaining reserve of strength. He gazes through heavy eyes as John tucks the sheet back over his legs and is drifting into an easy sleep even as John lowers the head of the bed. He feels the light touch of lips against his forehead, the tender drift of fingertips through his hair and he falls into a dreamless slumber.
“I want to, though.”  Sherlock replies.  “As I said before, I want to try everything with you.  Absolutely everything.  I just worry that my body is going to react before my brain has caught up.  You have to understand John, my brain has always been the fastest thing about me.  At times I’ve had to listen to my heart, but only after my brain has had its say.”
John actively decides not to worry about how things might change in a year or two and to concentrate on enjoying tonight.
He flinches at the loss of John's body heat when John moves away to start the shower running but is soon filled with a soft warmth as he watches John go about the commonplace tasks of preparing the shower. Sherlock watches the way John's muscles expand and contract as he stretches a hand under the water, adding more hot to the mix, the added stretch over to the taps elongating John's back muscles and showing their unexpected strength. Sherlock uses the time to study John; naked John is much slimmer than his bulky clothes would suggest, there's a slight softening of flesh over John's hips that Sherlock suspects leads onto John's stomach, a left-over from pre-army days when John was just slightly on the plump side. Sherlock suspects that no matter how hard John had trained or worked out that stubborn little area would just not go, he feels an irrational surge of love towards these rounded parts of John's body. Just like John himself these parts had remained true to their original form, stubbornly holding on, not changing for change's sake and Sherlock has to fight back the sudden need to reach out and run his fingers over them, to feel the smooth skin and soft give of flesh under his sensitive fingertips.
“No.”  John interrupts.  “I wanted to do this for you.  Even if our relationship stayed as it was, I still wanted to do this.  We deserved a weekend away.
"Home!" John snorts. "Baker Street is home. Half completed experiments and feet in the fridge, are home. Case notes pinned to the wall and cold cups of tea, are home. That woman and that place we 'shared' is not home, has never been home!" John takes a deep breath, attempting to calm himself, aware that Sherlock does not deserve to be on the receiving end of his anger. "You, and wherever you are, is my home."
So the 'fake relationship' thing didn't last long - sorry, the boys were insistent they'd waited long enough!  There a few more 'surprises' to come though, all angst free.
Heartfelt thanks go to 221btls for letting me see that writing myself into a corner was actually a glorious torture rather than a reason for surrender! To Liquidcucumber for letting me waffle at her and for asking vital questions. To Michaela for suggesting beautiful waltzes.
John presses kisses to Sherlock's hot skin. "With you, it is. That's the only thing that matters. I want to learn what you like and to discover what I like doing to you." He sucks on the dip of abdomen next to Sherlock's hip bone until a deep red mark adorns Sherlock's pale skin. "And you can't tell me that you aren't looking forward to doing the same."
The intensity of the situation was almost too much for John's iron self control.  He could feel the heat coming off Sherlock in waves, each breath he took was permeated with Sherlock.  He was wrapped in Sherlock's essence, each particle of his being flooded and entwined with him. He was captured, beyond hope of rescue, and God help him, he wanted no rescue.  John wanted Sherlock. All of Sherlock. The intellect that could tear people down or build them up. The softly curling hair that added to Sherlock's unique beauty, the sharp eyes, the bloody cheekbones, the perfectly shaped lips. Oh fuck, how much he wanted those lips.  All of his carefully hidden desires flooded to the surface, he no longer cared if Sherlock would see them. All rational thought had gone, only want remained. And oh how he wanted! He wanted to close the gap between them, to pull Sherlock's lips to his own, to feel their strength and tenderness interwoven with his own, all words momentarily stilled. Wanted to rub his thumb along the jawline, to feel the fine stubble under his finger tips, to run them down that long neck, feeling the vibrations of escaping moans. Wanted to ease Sherlock's lips open with his own, to entwine their tongues, to see the flush rise on Sherlock's cheeks as his body responded. Wanted to carry out his own investigations.  Wanted to discover what Sherlock felt like in those hidden places, what he felt like when they were pressed together skin on skin, length against length.  What he smelled like when his skin was covered in a fine sheen of moist desire and John's lips were tracing lines of worshipful prayer over it. Wanted to run his tongue over long limbs, savouring tastes and textures. Wanted to know what he sounded like when John's gentle explorations caused Sherlock's control to melt, to moan and gasp aloud. Fuck. He wanted to see Sherlock come undone, to lose himself in the moment, to arch his back, to throw his head back, to clench his hands against John's skin as John stroked him to completion. He wanted Sherlock to know what he did to him, how being with Sherlock made him completely whole. Wanted him to know how walking into Bart's all those years ago had completely altered his life, saved him.  Both men stood frozen in time, eyes locked on the other, lost in their own worlds, neither daring to close the final few feet between them. Through his haze John was able see that Sherlock's face was flushed, pupils blown wide, breath coming in short gasps. Could feel the searching look on Sherlock's face as his eyes darted from feature to feature, his expression a complicated mix of confusion, guilt and lust.
“The convulsions Doctor Watson experienced were an immediate cause for concern as his notes indicated that he had struck his head when he was shot.  He had shown no symptoms or indications that this would cause anything other than a nasty headache.  Unfortunately, the convulsions were indicative of something more serious, the CT scan confirmed this, showing a medium sized subdural haematoma on the left side of his skull.”  He indicates the position on his own head, pausing to ensure that both Mary and Sherlock have understood.
A kiss of two men finally admitting to their feelings and looking forward to their future, together.
In no rush to leave John's embrace, Sherlock let his mind drift back over the previous night's events. He could remember his own dark dreams; the repeated threat to John and his own helplessness.  Then, woven into his dream he had heard John calling him, telling him to listen, to come back.  Sherlock had instinctively done as he was instructed and had slowly, but surely, slipped into a deeper sleep.  His subsequent dreams had consisted of whispered phrases in John's voice. Snatches of compliments now drifted back to him.  "Your brilliance astounded me." "You are incandescent." And then, something about being John's 'other half'.  Such pleasant dreams, which had been infused with the imagined sensation of John running his fingers through his hair.
"Are we absolutely positive that this man is Ms Morstan's brother?" Sherlock queries, his voice ringing out.
“Of course I am, John, we’ve been looking forward to it.  Rosie and I are going to have a lovely girls’ night in.  We are going to have a nice dinner, do some drawing, maybe watch some television and then I’ll give Rosie a relaxing bubble bath and afterwards we’ll read a bedtime story together.  She’ll be out like a light after all that, John, there’s no point in waking her up just to take her upstairs to put her back to bed.”  Mrs Hudson reassures him but Sherlock can see the way that John is chewing on his lip and knows that he is still troubled.
The detective shook his head in an attempt to get rid of the pictures for a moment. There was more important things to concentrate on right now and if he was able to finish that soon, he could crawl back under the blankets with John and maybe they could do it again. Well, not the penetrative part, Sherlock could barely sit due to the burning sensation in his … bum. John always called it the world's most perfect bum. Sherlock smiled at that as he leaned over his microscope again.
Heart throbbing, hands shaking, he didn't even notice when Mrs. Hudson helped him up and onto the sofa hours after Janine had left. He didn't hear her pitiful words or realized that she took his phone to call Mycroft.
Usually, he avoided taking favours from Mycroft, even if he had disobeyed his own rule over the last months, but he got into the car that waited in front of 221 Baker Street. He texted his brother during the drive, which consisted mostly of waiting in a traffic jam caused by evening rush.
When John climbed the stairs, he found a chaotic living room, they were cartoons everywhere. What the hell!
“Well… Sherlock, what do you think?” John looked at his partner and found him paralysed, eyes fixed on the photograph.
“Shh, you’re safe now. It wasn’t your fault… I am so sorry it happened…” John was feeling inadequate in his tentative reassuring world. His emotions too strong and conflicted, a mixed of relief, happiness to find Sarah in one piece and so much anger against Moran and worry for Sherlock, sadness for Siger’s death… It was all such a mess… How was he suppose to manage it!
Hour passed by in which John got even more restless, screaming at Sherlock to do something and Sherlock sat down at the kitchen table. He looked at his microscope again. And there it is, has been there all the time.
“I’m sure you know they don’t know what we are doing and won’t have any memory of it, soooo… I would very much like to. kiss. my. lovely. boyfriend!” John said gleefully kissing him to make his point between each word.
Biting her lip, she tried to grasp her beeper from her coat pocket, but there was something cold and metallic pressing against her back. A gun. She had never felt this before, but she still knew.
But John was still out of job with no hope of finding another one anytime soon. Mycroft had suggested he helped them, but John had refused categorically. No way he would let anyone help him find a job! And Sherlock’s cases were very few and well they were keeping a low profile with the police at the moment…
“He is dead. She killed him. The wife of the man who died trying to save me… I don’t know their names… Where I am… I don’t know… I should apologize to her… Maybe…” Sarah was more and more agitated and distressed trying to explain and understand.
“Ah, John. Sarah’s bag and keys are still here, she was definitely taken from here unexpectedly. There is nothing more here for me. I need more data. I found who was present when Sarah was working yesterday. I checked the cameras; she disappeared from all the videos at 5pm. Maybe the doctor or patients who were there at the same time saw something. The kidnapper must have created a diversion to be able to take Sarah without anyone noticing anything… Ah here, let’s begin with this one!” And Sherlock quickly got up, trusting John to follow.
It took a while before he could breathe again. He washed his hand, then his hair. The flat was still silent, when he stepped out of the shower cubicle. Drying himself off, he knew this had to stop. He couldn't continue like this. Not knowing wasn't an option any more.
“She's amazing,” John whispered, pressing a kiss to the detective's lips in a kiss that turned into more than the peck it had been intended. Slowly, they parted, foreheads pressed together.
Everyone was laughing, even Papa. He stayed very close to Daddy, which was good. She liked to see them close, it meant they could stay a family. Papa wasn’t close to Mother and they left.
Sherlock should have known that Mycroft had installed cameras in the flat. He would need to check the bedroom once he returned home.
“Good. I have some work to do. Moran is here, if you need something. And stay away from the window.”
“His shoes. They weren’t there. I made a fuss; I tried to get the police interested, but nobody seemed to think it was important. He’d left all the rest of his clothes in his locker, but there was no sign of his shoes … until now.”
The reality had been worse than his worst fear. There hadn’t been direct confrontations first, his colleagues were avoiding him, their eyes became shifty, it was so humiliating! No consideration, just clear avoidance. Karen, the omega nurse that had become something of a friend since Sherlock’s first appearance at the A&E was looking at him. She was the first. But it wasn’t the kind eyes he was used to, they had grown so big John wondered if they would pop out of her face. He tried a little smile in her direction but she quickly made herself seem very occupied with a phone that hadn’t rung.
Mrs Hudson, angel she was, took care of their household and the groceries and also watched over the renovations when they were in hospital.
“My omega and I are trying for children. We've been married for a year now and....” Sherlock stopped listening, concentrating on the picture of Leanna in his mind. He would need to buy her a birthday present while in Dublin. He was caught up in the thought of books about bees he had read as a child, when they arrived at the police department.
When he finally climbed the stairs, what a sight was waiting for him! The candles, a warm fire and most important of all, a very naked and visibly aroused Sherlock!
The man on the sofa looked up to him in mock despair, lifting his hands as if to emphasize his suffering.
“Yes or I would tell you. Wouldn’t be able to hide it very long from you anyway. And that’s why you will tell me too if you feel bothered by something I do. Because I know how alphas feel about their possessions too.”
All of what defined John and what was his life disappeared in one single night. A shot. One little misplaced shot and John lost everything he thought would always be part of his life. It wasn’t a heroic night, wasn’t an important mission, no other casualties than him being shot at… Fucking ironic to be discharged, to lose his place as the alpha of the 5
John felt the laugh bubbling inside him until he couldn’t contain it. Sherlock, his silly, silly man. God, how he loved him!
Sherlock hung up. He went into the bedroom and got his clothes, all the while trying to avoid waking John. His boyfriend needed the sleep; he was in constant fear for his children and Sarah’s lives.
“Go lay on the bed on your front. I am going to fetch what I need, try to be a good boy and wait for me!”
first I wanted to thank you for all the amazing comments on "Three make a heart". They made us even more excited to write part 2 "Two growing hearts" and they absolutely made our day every time. It is an amazing feeling when someone likes what you wrote so much, they get emotional about it. That's the biggest compliment a writer can get.
What? John couldn’t believe he had just blurted out his proposal now! He could feel himself blush… Oh God. He had wanted to do this properly, he had wanted to give a wonderful memory…
“Why do you say that? I have a very good reason to believe he can’t be attracted to me, I just can’t tell you what.” John was sulking. He really spent too much time with Sherlock if he began to sulk like him!
Sherlock played his violin and John was lost. Sherlock had his heart before, but with the enchanting music that he was creating before him, it was his soul, his whole being that Sherlock was conquering. Not it wasn’t a conquest, there was no loss, no war… John would give his soul to this man, a true siren whose music enthralled him. At the moment, John had never more regretted not being a proper poet to be able to recite how beautiful, marvellous, extraordinary the violinist was.
“You know exactly where I want to be touched next and you give so much attention to the erogenous zones of my body. I feel worshiped by your tongue and hands.”
John was quiet for a while. “Why did you lie to her?” He loved him even more for not doubting his approach.
“No, it's not. Any minute now my mother will run wild, journalists will try to get an interview from us, overly religious and conservative groups will contact us and try to convince us what we are doing is sin and disgusting. I know all that and it upsets me, but right now you are angry and upset and only one of us can act emotional at a time. That's how we work and right now it's your turn.”
He wasn't sure John would want Sherlock to fuck him, he was too much of an alpha. The dominant one. And for now, in their honeymoon phase, Sherlock was totally okay with that.
“Definitely not. That’s not a mistake a murderer would make. And Moriarty would give us a case as easy as a wife killing her husband.”
“So John, what can you tell us about your time in Afghanistan?” Roger was an emergency doctor, he had the post John wanted, in the heart of life or death situations. He was drunk; otherwise he wouldn’t dare to ask. John seems non-threatening at first but Roger was perceptive enough not to play with fire.
He must have finally fallen asleep because he woke up in a start. The bed still desperately Sherlock free…
“Yes, love. I will explain. And your papa and I don’t beat bad people…we stop them from doing bad things… And those ladies you heard, they were saying that because I and Papa love each other without hiding, other couples will be able to do the same too.”
“Mrs Hudson, I am sorry, but could you keep Leanna until tomorrow? We have some…issues to take care of.”
And then there were his parents. Mummy wouldn't just leave him be. She would want him to come back, for them to pretend to be a happy family which had just been fooled by a greedy omega. There were articles about the Holmes’ in magazines, tabloids and online. Sherlock had read a few, before he had thrown his phone against the wall (It survived unharmed, luckily). His mother had been interviewed and had told the journalist how Sherlock was so shocked by his wife's behaviour that he now avoided leaving the house. God, that woman would do anything to save her family's reputation.
“Wrong?” There were so many emotions battling on Sherlock’s face, worry and affronted were the most obvious.
John. She was happy because of John. And what he provided to them, a home, security, time, patient and… love… Love? He promptly recorded this thought in his mind palace to think about later.
We will be able to upload up to chapter 5 on time, but we have lost contact to our beta reader and chapters 6 to 15 may come with delay
John chuckled, pressing a kiss to Sherlock head and reaching out for Leanna, who had wrapped herself around the doctor's leg in a similar way her father had done it to John's upper body.'
Sherlock nodded and Leanna pressed a kiss to Mycroft's cheek, who still looked confused whenever that happened. “Bye, uncle My. I go play.”
Sherlock held John close, kissed his face to reassure him. He didn’t know what to say, what to do. When he saw the blood flowing out of John’s neck, he took care of it like the doctor had… Licking gently, thoroughly, he hoped lovingly…
“Stop John, you’re making choices that are not yours to make here! If you have feelings for Sherlock, you shouldn’t restrain yourself, let him choose what he wants or not. I am a beta, I can tell you I would have been really pissed off if Clara had refused a relationship with me in order to protect me!”
“John, excuse me, I am not mocking you! It’s just…Well, I thought it would be more serious than that, excuse me.”
“Sherlock, it is the most beautiful thing I have ever heard… And you created it? For me? I don’t have words to explain what I feel. Sherlock, my love, let me show you, let me make love to you, I want to imprint my love on your body, on your soul, just like you did to me… Please” John had interrupted his speech with small kisses on Sherlock’s neck and was progressing to his jaw, his eyelids, his nose…
It’s been a little more than a month since John discovered that Sherlock was an alpha. He had been quite successful in repressing his unspeakable feelings. Sherlock, Leanna and he had a good and normal relationship. Sherlock was his best friend, Leanna was like his godchild. They were communicating… like before, Sherlock had taken some other case and asked him to come.
Ten minutes later, John was running outside the building, one shoulder dislocated but a small price to pay to break free from his ropes. He was after all in better shape than Henry, actually unconscious on the floor. The man would be in need of medical attention but it really wasn’t his priority.
They visited John, Sarah and Molly every day and Leanna was already calling their small room their hospital home. Both the doctor and the omegas tried to make the situation as easy as possible for Leanna and Sherlock appreciated it. They didn’t have to. They were still unsure if their babies would survive.
“Sherlock… I saved you because I just couldn’t do anything else…” John quietly said when the tears dried up, “But you’re not… guilty… or responsible… of anything! Sarah… The babies… if someone is responsible, it’s Moriarty… and Moran… and Me. But not you! You’ll have to promise me not to try and kill yourself! I almost died from an heart attack when i saw you up there.”
Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He was an alpha. He was the one to decide everything concerning his daughter, even if the omega was primarily the care taker. And he as an alpha couldn't let Janine treat Leanna like this, not anymore. He knew his parents wouldn't let him divorce his wife, they wouldn't let him leave. There was no other way. He could do this!
“Show off!” But Sherlock mouth travel to more interesting area and John put the cushion on his face to muffled his moans. And as promised, Sherlock quickly and efficiently brought him off, his mind completed blanked by the powerful orgasm that was rolling inside him.
We don't have chapter 6 edited yet. Would you prefer the version without beta on wednesday or would you prefer to wait a little longer?
Sarah was another doctor, his co-worker and his boss. She was outgoing, clever, witty and very stubborn (a characteristic John shared and appreciated, most of the time, his sister Harry would agree) and she was becoming a friend despite his reluctance to engage with others. She was a divorced omega, a difficult position to have in this society which promoted lifelong alpha-omega marriage. John respected her for her choices and independent life.
“Sherlock! Love, I won’t last long!” John warned, he had slowed a few time already before again increasing his rhythm, but he knew he wouldn’t be able to do it again, not with Sherlock’s vocal enthusiasm and eager response to his trusts.
John was surprised by Sarah violent response not often heard from an omega. And relieve. Sarah didn’t blame him it seemed.
He was muttering so quietly John didn’t understand immediately. “John, John, John, dead, your fault, your fault he’s dead, John.”
“Sherlock?” John tried again, more quietly, wondering if maybe the man had been attacked. “Sherlock? Are you okay? It’s me, John, I am coming to you. Sherlock?”
There wasn’t any alcohol scent on his sister, probably why it felt so good to smell her properly. He used to be able to recognise her by scent only. A wave of nostalgia hit him, he no longer could immediately identify his beta sister, they had been estranged too long.
John couldn’t let him continue and put his mouth on Sherlock’s nipple and sucked. He felt Sherlock almost fall from the shock and secured him by encircling him in his still strong arms. Sherlock’s chest arched from John’s mouth’s attention, it was glorious.
John didn’t waste time speaking, he quickly and efficiently put him down. “Now, Hamish, the army taught me a trick or two. So, what did you say about leaving?”
“It’s virtually undetectable. Nobody would have been looking for it. Bring me the pink phone, I need to text Moriarty.”
Leanna had eaten half of the sandwich, cheek's red while the rest of her face was paler than usual. He should take her to see a doctor.
Leanna and Sherlock had just finished reading a book on the sofa when John came home. The detective got to his feet and wrapped himself around his partner before John had the chance to fully enter the flat. He buried his face in John's neck, taking in the comforting scent. His own scent was increasing, the alpha in him wanted to mark his property. He had spent the whole afternoon in anticipation, not being able to ignore the jealousy inside him. He knew John loved him. He knew Sarah's pregnancy was the result of a crime and not of love. Still, the thought of John being with the mother of his child right now made his heart ache.
“Good, a word. Sherlock, tell me what are you thinking?” John got closed to the man, unsure what the detective could be thinking right now.
It was warm that day, but the sun hid behind grey clouds. Sherlock held her for hours, as Janine recovered from the emergency C-section. Leanna slept through most of the time, her blue eyes that would probably change their colour later on in her life, closed. Her tiny nose reminded him on Janine's, but the lips had a curve similar to the cupid bow of his own mouth. She already had a head of dark hair. Sherlock was most fascinated with her hands, her tiny fingers that closed around his thumb out of reflex.
“Don’t Sherlock. It’s no use to beat yourself up now. Just tell me what we have to do to help you and find Sarah.” Molly had unshed tears in her eyes but she was strong on her feet. Ready for battle. But before Sherlock could answer they heard a knock on the front door.
“Yes, Sherlock. Better believe it. But I will be kind to you. Come back. Pack your stuff and your child and come back.”
We had too many ideas, so we decided to write a second part named “Two growing Hearts”. It is 3/4 written, we think we will upload the 1st chapter the 19th of July
Janine smirked, looking at the video in front of her, she would love to see the face of her dear husband when he would understand that John Watson was bonded to an omega, that he would have a family of his own. Sherlock wouldn’t have a house anymore; she would make sure he had a broken heart! He would kneel before her. He shouldn’t have crossed her.
They had decided, and Leanna had been excited, that their little girl would go to Mrs. Hudson's sister with their landlady for two days. They wanted Leanna not tobe constricted to Baker Street, and for her to meet other people and children. And, if they were honest, they also wanted time on their own, for the first time in their relationship.
John woke up first. Leanna, his little mouse was curled against him, her face so peaceful. He would give almost everything to keep her this way. But next to her laid Sherlock, and if his heart filled with warm love looking at the little girl, it almost jumped out of its cage when looking at her father. Asleep, he and Leanna were very much alike. To be awake before the detective was a rare treat, John was determined to take this opportunity to look and memorise and…
Sherlock had touched himself like this before, right here in this shower cubicle, before he had known John felt the same lust and love Sherlock had for him. God, how lucky was he for this amazing man to fall in love with him. Was this okay, masturbating at the thought of one's boyfriend?
When John finally arrived at the flat, he climbed the stairs shouting, “Sherlock !”. But he froze when he opened the door of the living room.
Sherlock beat him to answer Molly’s question, “He is the madman who manipulated John and Sarah into sharing a heat in order to make me go back to Janine. I’ve been looking for him for months without success… I am sorry… I am so sorry Molly… John… If I had been cleverer… I should have thought he would try to get back to me for exposing him and his black network…”
Janine smiled at him. “Oh, you are daft for a genius. He won't need to be attracted to the little doctor when she's in heat.”
“She kept being annoying. Leanna has a cold and she wanted to go to the doctor with her. Asked me four times. For a fucking cold.”
“Good, fine. We will discuss how to make it works later.” John felt compelled to ask Sarah how she felt, how was the morning sickness and if she had already seen a gynaecologist.
Sherlock sat down next to John and for a while the little girl managed to captivate the attention of two grown men (one of which is a genius) with the little things she was capable of.
“Don’t apologise Sarah, I shouldn’t have done that… It won’t happen again. I am going to walk home, some fresh air will help me cool down”.
He played, trying hard not to pour all his feelings, all his confusion into the music, until he felt Leanna hugging his leg.
“Sorry, love, the traffic was horrible, I... oh love, you...” John stopped next to the desk, coat still in hand.
“Sooo, you said first that the three of us benefit from living together. You spoke about me and Leanna, what about you?”
Some days later, John and Leanna were doing the shopping while Sherlock was experimenting at the morgue. They hadn’t yet talked to her about John’s future child, they thought it was too soon and preferred to wait after the 1st semester of Sarah’s pregnancy passed. It would be a high-risk pregnancy, they didn’t want to have to explain an eventual miscarriage to the innocent little girl.
“He is weaker than his sister, we put him in an incubator to keep him arm. His immune system is a little weak for the moment and we think it’s more safe to keep him there to protect him from any germs.”
Sherlock tried his best not to get angry, he really did. He should be used to her ignorance of anyone that wasn't her. She had planned a party, invited almost a hundred people and forgotten the cause, had forgotten about the day she had given birth to her child three years ago.
“Objectively. You utter cock. This is about Leanna and how much she loves you, needs you. You are not leaving her behind.”
He lifted her up, carrying her down the stairs and to the garage, not stopping once. She had buried her face in his neck, pressing her lips together hard to not make a sound. He was so proud of her.
Leanna, who would be a big sister to her...boys, girls. She wanted the gender of the little ones to be a surprise and after some convincing John had agreed. God, if her first Alpha had been like this...
One hours later, they were in the headmaster’s office. He felt safe with Leanna’s arm around him. Even Matilda took comfort by taking her hand. She had a bruise on her cheek but was otherwise unharmed. Malo had seeked Leanna in her class and she had stopped the fight before it got dangerous.
John raised his eyebrows, but before he could say anything, Sarah followed, “Not like that, John. I just mean… If you’re so curious, go ask him!”
John put his phone into his pocket again and forgot completely about it as the screen started to show the tiny bodies of his children.
“Yes, it means… that there are two babies… You will have two siblings instead of one…” John waited for Leanna reaction with a little apprehension.
Sherlock had to close his eyes. This was it. He would fuck John, right here and now and the Alpha in him wanted to take, to mark, to make John his.
John felt Sherlock fall asleep against him. A wonderful feeling, to have Sherlock against him without anything to temper the sensation. His hand moved to his neck where he touched Sherlock’s mark. If he had been an omega they would be bonded now… For the first time, John had a little regret about being an alpha, he wouldn’t be able to show off this bit mark, wouldn’t be able to have the easy life the alpha/omega coupling promised… It wasn’t fair.
John woke up feeling rested for the first time in four days. He could feel Sherlock against his back, his slow snoring in his neck. God, it was bliss. He had known their honeymoon period couldn’t last forever. That as both alphas and strong personalities, they were bound to argue and fight. They already had. But never had they hurt each other so long.
He fell asleep, the sheer variety of his emotions exhausting him onto the point of unconsciousness. He dreamed of John. And blood.
“You don’t know anything about our parents! We are not freaks!” She shouted, furious. Malo tried to calm his sister putting an hand on her shoulder but she ignored him.
Sherlock kissed her, then Sarah’s cheek, before picking up Matilda. The baby had already had her nap and was making faces, her cute mouth opening and closing and it shouldn’t be fascinating, but it was. “Hello, Matilda. Have all your parents been behaving or did you have to send them into time out again?”
Leanna pushed her father and jumped in his arms. It was so good! Taking her, hugging her against his heart, smelling her hair, yes, this was home.
Once he was nearly all inside, John managed to stop himself. Heavy breathing, eyes closed, legs firmly, almost painfully locked around John’s waist, Sherlock was obviously dealing with pain or rebellious instinct or both…John had to know…
“You haven't seen your child in four months, Janine. And the only thing you care about is your reputation? You are more stupid than I could have ever imagined.”
In her flat, Mrs Hudson took Leanna to sit on her lap. “So my little spy, did you talk to your Papa and John like we said?”
John attacked Sherlock’s pants and once he got rid of the offensive piece of clothing, he let his hand caress those thighs.
“Extraordinary.” John had never met anyone able to analyse and understand so much from little details no one paid attention to.
Finally, he saw her with a woman in front of candy stick, “Leanna! Here you are! I told you to stay beside me!” John was so relieved he couldn’t muster the energy to be angry. She was here, she was safe, that’s all that mattered!
And indeed, a tall woman with dark straight hair entered the living room. John knew immediately who it was, the resemblance with Leanna would have been striking if her face hadn’t been so glacial.
“You…hmm, It was you space, your den, this bedroom. I understand how alphas work, I am one too, you know,…I didn’t think about it, stupid of me…Don’t you feel threatened in your territory? I…I am sorry. I could put everything back? How should we do this moving in?”
“Hmm, John. We should stop dancing in front of other people,” he whispered, chin pressed to the top of John's head.
Sherlock smiled at her, putting the pear in another bowl and she started squeezing vinegar on it, giggling as the mixture erupted into foam.
“I called Malo,Thilda and Mama. I made a reservation for tonight, Angelo’s. I thought we should celebrate.”
“Oh!”, he said, obviously having deduced why she was here, but not wanting to spoil it for John. His husband walked back into the living room, while the kettle boiled.
He walked past few of their employees as he exited the car, ignoring the man that offered to carry his bag for him. The front door was opened for him and he made his way up to the flat in a hurry. He needed to see his daughter right now.
After escorting him to his car, the party resumed. Harry thanked John “I shouldn’t have invited him, but I thought… he told me he would behave… I had a second chance, so I thought… I should give him one too…But some people don’t change I suppose…”
He ignored them, shielded Leanna’s face with the flowers. He went inside as fast as he could, and sighed in relief, when the elevator doors closed behind them.
Bright blue and grey eyes look up at him. She had been through so much over the last few weeks and Sherlock wanted to turn back time for her.
Sherlock went to Janine's bedroom that was intended to be theirs and got a case out of the wardrobe. His things were packed in ten minutes. Just a few clothes, his violin and some medical books. Then he went through Leanna's room. She would need clothes as well, a few toys and her favourite stuffed animals. He got their toothbrushes and a few necessities out of the bathroom. Then he hid the suit case behind some curtains in the hallway.
“You and your partner have brought the discussion about alpha/alpha, Omega/omega relationship into the public focus. How has that influenced you?”
First he ignored the phone furiously vibrating in his coat pocket, but after the third time he finally decided to answered the call.
Step by step, John slide from trying to lead to nestling against Sherlock’s waist his face buried in his long neck, feeling protected by those strong arms around him. God, he never wanted to leave! Song after song, they stayed glued together, slowly moving, didn’t really take the music rhythm into consideration. Happy. After a while, John hadn’t a clue how long they had been more or less dancing when Sherlock bend and took his mouth.
She spent the dinner playing and sitting on the laps of different peoples. Here with Daddy, she could eat whatever she wanted, whenever she wanted, which hadn't been possible when they were living with Mother.
And now, after a decade without talking, except the occasional Christmas card, he didn’t know how to talk to his sister. When coming back from the front, she had tried to help him but he hadn’t wanted to deal with her then.
“We've hired a babysitter, you parents will be able to enjoy the afternoon without worrying!” Harry explained, “The buffet is over there, you can go and pick what you want. I'm coming back with Clara, I want you to meet her!”
The little boy was peacefully asleep behind the glass windows, John felt such a deep love for him already, he wanted to take him in his arm and tell him that he was loved, so much. Mute… His little boy was mute… They could learn sign language to help communicate quickly… John could already picture Sherlock learning faster than anyone and telling him he was doing it wrong. The thought brought a smile on his face. It will be alright, they could do it. He was alive and mostly healthy. It would be okay.
John Some-middle-name-beginning-with-an-H Watson was an alpha. Army doctor. Got Shot. Very loyal very soon.
Sherlock was saying goodbye to his brother, and finally they were alone. The night was young, Leanna, their baby girl was asleep in her bed… He still had so many project for the birthday boy! He would make sure Sherlock would be the sole recipient of his overflowing passion and happiness.
Leanna ran towards him and he picked her up. He had been convinced he would never see her again and now that he could bury his face in her neck, take in her familiar scent, he shed a tear that was joy and grief at the same time.
John took the paper Molly presented him with shaking hands, there were two columns, one for boys and one for girls. Leon, Lana, Martial, Magery, Martin those were just a few names he could read before his own eyes became misty and he couldn’t read anymore.
“Nothing wrong Sherlock, just, I wanted to ask, hmm, if you would like…you have already pack all your stuff…so, I wanted to propose you to…move in…with me…in my bedroom…which would be…ours I suppose? But only if you want! And, and to sleep! Mostly… Whatever you want… please ignore my rumbling and…Sherlock? Could you say something? I won’t be angry if you don’t want to…”
And John ,a good soldier, happily complied. After a while, Sherlock got used to the new stimulation and John began to add some tongue. He wasn’t disappointed by the response it initiated. Sherlock made a very loud moan.
They had a little time ahead but after the new year, they will need to think seriously about what they will tell to their co-workers and how to manage people’s judgments and expectations…
“This is not about Leanna. The whole country will know about you and Janine and the divorce and they are going to judge us for it. Janine was just trying to get her husband back, Sherlock. And you refused. You just left her.”
John took a cab, and while riding, thought he didn’t feel any longing about leaving Sarah, after a heat, omega and alpha nested for days, basking in each other smell and making a new one. The only thought was about going back to Sherlock.
The door opened to let Mycroft and his assistant in and John out, so he could go and wake up Leanna. Mycroft's face was without emotion, but Sherlock knew his older brother well enough to see it was not honest. Tabloids were a strong weapon in the fight against someone’s good reputation and once they were fired they left unrepairable wounds.
He really didn’t want to let Sarah alone with having to explain their particular situation. Some doctors were prejudiced against some unconventional pairing, but the doctor didn’t need to know about Sherlock real 2nd gender. They were seeing doctor Mirakian, he had good reputation, but you never knew how people will react…
Before they knew it, it was already mid-august and Clara’s Party was next week. Leanna was very excited to go, especially because the kids of Clara' and Harriet's friends would be there. Leanna never complain about anything, but she didn’t have lots of children of her age to play with. Mrs Turner’s grandchildren were a little older and didn’t come by regularly to play with her. And Sherlock thought it was too high risks to allow Leanna to go to pre-school for the moment. He feared his family could easily find her there, or other parents would notice them from the magazines.
With newfound determination, he called back Sherlock. They could all sleep here, he was pretty sure he would be able to bribe some more beds.
“Papa, you have fever? Your face is red,” John heard Leanna say and smiled. Sherlock really liked being complimented, even if he tried not to show it. John knew better.
There was something resembling a smile on the elder Holmes’ face, as he stepped closer. “John.” he nodded, scanning the room with a look that reminded John of Sherlock (he would never tell Sherlock that). “As you might have already realized, this isn’t just a social call.”
“NO!” Janine was fuming, “He promised it would work! If my life is ruined, Sherlock can’t have everything he wants just because he is an alpha! It’s not fair!”
“I should ask you, headmaster, how an older kid could insult and fight with my sister without any adult intervening? I just made him stop his nonsense with some carefully chosen words. Now we are going to wait for our parents.”
He should just tell Janine to grant him time with his child, he was the alpha in the relationship. But Sherlock spent a lot of time working, not seeing his wife and daughter for days. And he knew omegas were the primary care takers and Janine had charmed her way into his mother's heart and would use any of Sherlock's attempts against him. In the end, Leanna would suffer, and Leanna couldn't suffer, ever. He wouldn't let that happen.
The soldier growled. “I know this alpha! How dare he take what’s mine!!!” John was seething with anger, “I am going to find him and kill him slowly and painfully until he tells me where he took my omega!”
So, here enter Moriarty. Janine didn’t know his name but he was a frightening individual. One of her friends had talk about this mysterious man who could solve all problems… Moriarty had found where her little runaway husband was hiding. But finding him and bringing him and Leanna under her control again, not the same thing… She had refused to inform Mrs Holmes. Too dangerous for Janine. Who knew what Sherlock would do facing the wall? He had already disobeyed his mother once, he could to it twice. What if he divorced her?
“I am sorry, John. I thought you should know.” Sherlock's hand started moving again, he felt his orgasm close.
“Let me love you, Sherlock, my love, my sweetheart, my beautiful, so beautiful man” John whispered in his mate’s ear, before nibbling at it. His hands roaming all over Sherlock’s chest before migrating to the erect nipples and pinching them gently.
John saw that some of the people had their phones, filming what happened… It was the end. He would never be able to work as a doctor ever again. He could be prosecuted for that… What of Sherlock and Leanna?
Calm. When absolutely enraged, John Watson was outwardly calm, even smiling a little and Sherlock felt the need to duck his head as Alpha scent flooded the room.
Sherlock got lost in his thoughts as Leanna and John prepared dinner and ate. He kissed the little one good night and went to bed himself as John read to Leanna until she fell asleep upstairs.
While they walked to Sarah’s flat, John thought about what Sherlock had told him. They hadn’t talked about his place in Leanna’s life exactly, didn’t give it a label. But it seemed Sherlock already considered him as a role model. John felt himself blush at the thought.
His modern view about Alphas and Omega came from his parents. They were activist in alpha-omega-beta equality movement. But the society still asked their alphas to be strong and commanding, their omegas to be pretty and have lots of children and their betas to follow an alpha lead without complaining.
Violet was furious before, but now she was thunderous. She would not permit it. It would be a disgrace, she would become the laughing stocks in their small and conservative society. And for what? A little dalliance? Probably just to spite her! Violet looked at her husband…She won’t be able to rely on him, he had always been weak with Sherlock, giving up to all his whims when he was a toddler, always cuddling and mothering him. She had had to step in then. She couldn’t have a pushover as an alpha son. It was unbecoming for their family.
“You need a walk. You think better when you’re moving. Go take a walk, John. I will wait for you.” Sherlock was rigid, tense but his eyes were so soft.
“Don’t be ridiculous! Of course I want you! I can’t accept a reality where you’re not beside me; look what I have done to the place I think about as home!” Sherlock said, interrupting John’s silent self-doubt. “It’s not home anymore if you’re not here! You! You are the one who should be thinking, are you sure John? I am me. I am dangerous to be around”
Unusual for the detective to state the obvious, John couldn’t pass up the opportunity to tease a little, “Yep, a wonderful orgasm, one of the best! Good deduction, that!” But John’s smile flattered a little when Sherlock’s flabbergasted face didn’t move. “Sherlock? You okay?”
The detective didn’t know what to say. It was overwhelming and heart wreaking at the same time. All he could do was to take his mate in his arms as tightly as possible, “I am sorry John, so so sorry it happened… I never wanted this for you…” he murmured.
Sherlock had put him in one of the cubicles and hadn’t wasted any time before engulfing him. The detective had experimented on him and now knew how to quickly make him come, but John wanted more than a quick orgasm, he wanted the whole experience of Sherlock. He had made the tall man stand up in order to be kissed and enveloped.
Sherlock went to Sarah's while his pack took a nap, a note for John on the night stand. Leaving his two loves in that bed, when they both slept so peacefully, was hard. He wanted to stay with them, watch them, take in their scents. But this was essential. If this Moriarty guy had left any clues at Sarah's flat, he had to find them as soon as possible.
His little row with Roger had seriously slowed down everyone’s interaction with him. He feared he was no longer was the pleasant limping doctor in their eyes but the lone Alpha, the stray he couldn’t help feeling himself to be.
The arrival of the twins in Baker Street changed their lives, which was something Sherlock had, of course, expected. John, Leanna and he went over to the girls’ flat a lot and if they were in 221B for once, neither of them could stop talking about the babies. Leanna was especially in love with her little brother, who was a little weaker than Matilda was. Sherlock was so proud to see her full of the care for others he had lacked his whole life and had found in her and John.
“The boy suffered from eczema. It’d be the easiest thing in the world to introduce the poison into his medication. Two hours later he comes up to London, the poison takes effect, paralyses the muscles and he drowns. The evidence is in the shoes.”
With that she was gone, the sound of her footsteps fading. Sherlock had held back, until she was gone. He fell to his knees, tears filling his eyes as he cried silently.
“Sherlock. She is three! Christmas is more than gift giving, it’s family time and love and magic! You don’t want to deprive her of all that!”
There was no chance he could be home in time, no way he could protect John and Leanna. And then he remembered that it was John he was talking about. Janine would probably be the one needing protection from the Alpha.
“Sarah…I didn’t tell you everything…Sherlock is not a beta…He is an alpha.” And John explained Sherlock’s situation and why he made those choices. He didn’t hesitate, Sarah had been involved, she had to know.
“Hey,” Sherlock said softly, tracing the shape of John's lips with his thumb, “Nothing changes. Nothing. Let's just sleep.”
“Sherlock… It doesn’t change anything. Sarah is pregnant, I didn’t expect it, I was just a little shocked. She may keep it…or not. Anyway, I will help her because it’s the right thing to do” Sherlock tensed even more, “As a friend Sherlock, love, just as a friend. Nothing more. Moreover, that’s not something Sarah would want.”
“Maybe… Maybe you’re right…my need to make you submit to me may come from the …fear that I have to give you all the control… But I want an equal relationship with you Sherlock. And… I like it when you’re possessive of me… I love to feel you, I just… need to get used to it. Sherlock will you be patient with me? I want to give you all and have all of you… Is that okay for you?”
John put his hand on Sherlock cheeks, softly caressing. He hoped all his love and relief were apparent to Sherlock, because all this talking had been exhausting emotionally and he couldn’t speak anymore. He just wanted to express himself by touch and kisses. Sherlock seemed to have understood this, because he held him and John found his favourite place, his nose against Sherlock’s neck, where he could smell his mate's mint, sage and chemicals scents. John realised that he was the one being comforted now, he needed it.
He went back in the room where Sarah was unconscious, sleeping despite the multiple perfusion devices to help her body recover from the strain of her abduction. The doctor said her hormones were unbalanced, putting her organs under stress… The risk of miscarriage was still high, the body prioritizing the mother over the foetus. His smell and alpha’s pheromones were their best chance right now to help the pregnancy to continue. Dr Mirakian was certain Sarah would have lost the babies if she hadn’t been found when they did.
“Malo was the first child I took care of as a nanny. He was a very sweet boy. I always loved that name and thought if one day I had a boy, I would like to name him Malo…”
“Not at all! Do you want a cuppa? With some scones maybe? You didn’t eat a lot this evening. Mrs Hudson’s scones are very good. ”
“Is that all you have to say? This is our family he's dragging through the mire”, John scoffed and Sherlock knew he wasn't angry at him but the situation. Sherlock was just the only one here at the moment and that made him the outlet.
“Ooh. Sorry.” Sherlock didn’t look sorry at all…, “I do want to discuss something important with you though.”
Sherlock had good and bad days, which he knew was normal for someone grieving. Sometimes he called his mother and they just cried together and he would hold Leanna even closer after.
Violet seemed close to exploding, not a trace of the worried mother she was pretending to be to the journalists in her.
“Yes, my leg doesn’t bother me so much now, I rarely limp. It’s a nice improvement. I am sorry Harry, I have to go. There is something going on with Sherlock. I will call you about the party. Bye Harry, take care of yourself!”
John abruptly came out of his deep thoughts when he felt the ghost of kiss on his neck, quickly followed by others, more intense and absolutely not timid.
“No, that's not... I am sorry, John. That was childish. It's great, sex with you. And make up sex will be great after this stupid fight. Not right now. Right now I will go, because I am still an alpha and it's what I want to do. You will have to get used to the idea, because I am planning to spend my life with you. And I will be an Alpha the whole time. Nothing productive could come out of this conversation right now. We are too angry. I have some things to do. Barts.”
“John… This sound awfully like a proposal. And you are rambling.” Sherlock was finally looking at John again, and a timid smile was coming back.
“John, are you alright?” Sherlock put a protective arm around John’s shoulder, sheltering him from any prying eyes.
“I am going for a walk.” And he disappeared from the flat, let himself try and think while walking along the busy streets of London.
Sarah was right, he shouldn’t let his fears and social norms dictated his live anymore. He definitely was in love with Sherlock Holmes. The answer was plain to see on his face. John was a soldier at heart. Once a decision made, he would assure it, no going back.
“I need... I can't face your brother right now. I... I need fresh air. Can... I will take Leanna, if that's okay with you, just go to the park or something. Is that okay for you?”
“So you already know, brother dear”, he remarked and Sherlock felt the need to punch him. Moriarty had Sarah. How can he ever tell John?
“Janine. My wife. She is responsible for this, for Sarah's heat. She threatened to hurt you, if I didn't come back. I wanted to be gone by the time you came back with your Omega. But you are not... you're not bonded... You love me.”
Sherlock was curled up on the sofa. They hadn't heard from Moriarty ever since he had sent the picture of Sarah and John had decided they needed sleep. The doctor had fallen asleep soon, but had tossed around in the bed, growling in his sleep and after almost two hours Sherlock had given up and left. He knew his mind needed rest. The second puzzle would be more challenging and he owed it to Sarah and the twins to give his very best.
“Yes, of course I want that! This child will be lucky to know you! And Leanna! I must already be a mess of hormones, I can’t stop crying, but it’s happy tears, I promise!”
“You think he is sad?” He brushed dark curls from her forehead. “I wasn't sure. Daddy can feel so many things at a time. You are so much better at reading emotion.”
Malo saw in Bryan’s eyes that he would not take getting pushed by a girl and would get back to Matilda, if he wanted to save his sister he would have to go seek help, he didn’t think he and his sister were enough against an older kid. Like his father said, he would have to be smarter.
Sherlock sat down on the sofa, watching the two ladies of 221 Baker Street walked down the first flight of stairs. The brothers continued their conversation when Leanna's babbling had faded.
Sherlock grinned, kissing John one more time before he went into the kitchen to say hello to the girls.
With a squeal, Leanna turned around and ran towards him, almost tripping over her own feet in the process.
Sherlock’s petulance made John laugh and he took the detective’s hand in his and slowly massaged it with his thumb. He was delighted to see Sherlock’s ears turn red. John loved to see all the little ways he could make the tall and usually impassive man react to him. It was exhilarating and he could feel adrenaline run in his body as if had just run after a suspect.
John surprised himself. He hadn't planned to say that at all. “Forget it. Finish your experiment, Sherlock. I didn't mean to distract you, I don't know why I said that...”
“Next, you will need to be careful with your body, and I mean it” Dr Mirakian insisted looking intensely at Sarah, “to keep this foetus, you must stay away from too much stress and tiring shift. But most important of all, you must stay away from unbonded alphas. Your body is already going through many changes and it will be perturbed by any unbonded alpha’s scent if you stay in their presence too long. Your body could be triggered by the pheromone and provoke a miscarriage to make your womb available to a new potential mate.”
It takes most of the day for Sherlock and John to do all the required tests. Occasionally, Josef pops in and chats to John in a friendly manner and before long John has forgotten his previous antagonism towards the man and finds himself thoroughly enjoying their talks. If John notices that Sherlock glances over more frequently during these times, he says nothing, but each look is locked into his memory, filed away for future examination.
“John.”  Sherlock reaches out for him, finally making contact.  “I’m afraid some lies are necessary.  Trust us.  You know that Mycroft could have cut us out of this investigation long ago, and that he still could if he believed it to be necessary.  I think if we want to continue to know what comes from this madness you've lived through recently then you're going to have to accept this lie.  In the grand scheme of things it barely makes a dent in the universe.”
John gasps when Sherlock moves to nibble along his jawline, each graze of teeth sending surges of pleasure straight to his groin.
Sherlock longs to feel John's hands on him, caring for him in a non-medical way.  He is familiar now with the touch of John's fingers against his face - even though those simple touches still thrill him - but he wants to feel those strong, compact hands elsewhere. He yearns to feel them on his body, touching him in a way that he never allowed anyone else to.  He wants to know how it will feel to have John bring him to climax, how it will feel to have John's hand guiding him as he returns the pleasure.  He wants to know what it is like to feel John pressed against him, inside him and he wants to know what it will feel like to be pressed against John, to be inside him.
She was home, she was well on her way to being fully recovered and John had been growing more and more absent by the day. Oh yes, his body was physically there, but his mind, his soul even, was wherever Sherlock was.  Those two were linked by a deeper, more profound bond than anything she had ever experienced and she was loathe to stand in its way.
"Jesus Christ." John's words are hushed, almost reverent despite their blasphemous root, understanding of some of Mycroft's actions and words now showing clear on his shocked face.
She’d always let him in the end and he’d been so grateful, and so had she, in a different way, she always has taken joy in a job well done.  A muffled thud comes form upstairs and she knows that John has taken the bait, she only has to wait a few seconds before she hears the deep tones of Sherlock’s voice calling after John, querying if he’s ok, a few more seconds and quick footfalls are heard.  Time to make an appearance.
John rests his weight on the arm of Sherlock's chair and dips his head to place a kiss on Sherlock's unruly mop of hair. He allows himself a moment to linger there, enjoying the warmth of Sherlock so close to him and inhales his scent, coughing slightly when he breathes in too deep and a fluffy curl attempts to escape from the masses and down John's throat. He can feel Sherlock's silent laughter in the way that his body shakes against his arm and thigh. God, he has missed this side of Sherlock, this happy, relaxed man, comfortable in his own skin and with his place in the world. John's not an idiot. He knows that Sherlock can be an absolute brat at times; temper tantrums over seemingly nothing, destroying inanimate objects through boredom or stress, rattling off words at a thousand words a minute or not speaking for days. Luckily John knows that's not all there is to Sherlock; when they had lived together they had enjoyed relaxed evenings and days, had eaten leisurely of good, home-cooked food and enjoyed quiet times in front of the telly. John had missed all of it, all of Sherlock; the genius working on a crime, forgoing sleep and food until it is solved and the quiet, relaxed man, content to while away the hours with his violin and his good friend.
As always, love and thanks goes to Lockedinjohnlock for being the most amazing beta anyone can ask for!
For the first time Sherlock notices that the door to John’s room is ajar and a member of staff is altering the settings on many of the machines.
John glanced at his phone as it beeped again in his hand. What did Sherlock even know about being in love? Had he ever actually been in love? Experienced that gut wrenching fear when the person they love is hurt or suffering? Felt that surge of adrenalin that came from running at their side? The crippling heartbreaking numbness of losing them forever? The heartache of having them back from the dead, only to never actually admit your feelings? To have them in your life every day but not have them to yourself? Of course not.  It was only John who had experienced such useless emotions. Sentiment. He snorted as his face pulled again into the mockery of a smile.
"And I thought I was the drama queen.” Is the muttered response but Sherlock does as he is told and soon is in the wheelchair, tucked in, with the flask cradled in the crook of his unbroken arm.
"Sentiment." John allows the word to hang in the air for a moment. "You care deeply for your brother, Mycroft. You try to hide it, to dress it up as the country needing him, or the government, or the police. But we both know the truth of the matter."
"Michael John Arthur Allen?" He reads. "Allen? That's her real surname isn't it?" He glances around at the faces of the men in the room. "Is it her father or something? I thought he was dead. An uncle perhaps?"
"Pack a bag, John. We need to go to Austria. I know your passport is valid. There's a flight for Vienna leaving Heathrow tonight, we can easily make it if you pack now." This last, thrown over his shoulder as he disappears into his bedroom.
"Very well, little brother.  I'll leave you to gather the last of your things together." With one last twirl of his umbrella Mycroft walked down the stairs to the waiting car.
“Can we go home now, John?”  Sherlock whines, the fingers of one hand tugging at the collar of his jumper.
"When we return to Baker Street I'd like it if..." Sherlock's words are hesitant, the worry of how John might react making him doubt himself.  He clears his throat, knowing that now he has started to speak, John will expect him to finish.  He looks up and meets John's eye; no worry clouds his face, only interest shows clear.  Sherlock chews on his lower lip for a moment before taking a deep breath.  "John. I'd like it if you would move into my bedroom when we return home." Sherlock holds John's gaze a moment longer, before ducking his head down.  "With me."
“It’s no bother at all, dear.  Sit yourself down and I’ll put the kettle on, then fetch the first aid kit.”  Mrs Hudson bustles off and spends some time shuffling around in her drawers before she locates what she needs.  She lets the tap run before filling her kettle and then turns on the hot tap to wash her hands thoroughly. When she turns ‘round her guest is just sitting down at the table, eyes still wide in wonder. “Now dear, what’s your name so I can chat to you properly whilst we’re getting all nice and cosy here?”
Sherlock pulls his lower lip between his teeth, nipping it lightly before releasing it, deep pink and glistening.
John awakes an hour later, surprised that he had been able to sleep at all. He hadn't rested well at the hospital; the bed had been ok and he'd certainly slept on worse but the constant worry about being in such an open space, of how easily Mary or an associate of hers might get to them, had meant that he had rarely slept deeply. He feels much safer in Baker Street, even if the memory of Mary's presence does taint the living room and he admits that, coupled with finally being able to have Sherlock in his arms, must be to blame for his unexpected nap.
