Grunting, he collapsed on top of his blissed out lover, panting and kissing along his face and neck. He could feel Steve’s release smeared on their skin and loved it. It was silent, save for their hot breath, in the room as they both did their best to try and re-collect themselves.
Steve gave off a little whimper, “Very aware of that.”
Tony’s grin was animalistic as he purred out, “Why, how about our dear father’s head?”
Yeah, Steve was exactly where he needed to be…and where he would stay.
Steve worried once it was opened and fixed, Pierce would force him to sleep there just out of spite.
“Please take a seat, Mr. Wilson.” Tony leaned back in his chair and gave Sam an unimpressed stare. It brought the temperature of the whole room down.
Tony groaned, “And you liked to be punished, don’t you?”
Steve closed his eyes. He had to let it all go. He told himself he could do whatever was necessary to make everything easier. Including letting his mother and her resting place go.
His head bowed and he sighed, “Of course not, sir. All three bedrooms done by Monday. I’ll see it done.”
bright.”
“It…uhm, it was said your parents were desperate for a child and a deal was made…” Steve worried his lips between his teeth. “Are you…I mean, oh fuck, what’s the point of beating around the bush…are you a demon?”
“O-Ok.”
“I’ve seen a lot of injuries. I’m a bit more familiar with medical science than almost any other, I’m afraid.”
“Here Tony. I have two carts ready for Natasha and Thor. It should last them a few hours. Syringes with the different hallucinogenics and mutations at the ready. Be careful with those, they’re still a little testy.”
A smile went on his face and he started to feel settled. Finally, something to do. Of course, the difficult part would be speaking to Tony about it. The man was a bit overprotective but with Steve’s powers and abilities, there had to be something he could be of use for.
“For now. We’re keeping it locked up and with only a select few allowed to even know about it.” He started to push Steve’s hair back again. “We thought it for the best. We’re hoping to get a bit more studying from it before it gets locked away for good.”
“Yes.”
Steve waved back briefly before he started dragging all the product inside.
Tony scoffed, insulted. “I’ll be here. No hands are on this,” he grabbed at Steve’s tummy, close to the golden arc, “without my permission. I’m only allowing this because, unfortunately, you are doing a very beautiful job on my Steve’s skin and I know I cannot talk him out of this…it would suck if he didn’t get to finish it anyway.”
“Would never.” Tony raised his arms in surrender. “But yeah, he does look rather sad…damn, I had hoped he was like me and got sexy angry with jealousy. But of course not, he has to break my heart looking like that.”
“But you’re going to.”
with my baby.”
sick. Born premature, had so many ailments, was a bit clumsy which never helped…I remember I would snap into fevers that lasted for days and she would be there for me. Stroking right over my eyebrows and would tell me stories of fairies and banshees from Ireland. She’d fill my head with so many images that I would constantly draw them when my hands could work properly.”
The piece was incredible, sleek, and powerful. Also, dare he think it, incredibly attractive. The royal red and rich gold painted over metal that looked impossibly thin were bright and eye-catching. A perfect color palette for Tony. “You wear this?”
“Given our situation, we don’t have much choice do we?” Pierce used his cane to push Steve to the side and give the house a fierce, disgusted stare.
“Sometimes fear is what is necessary.” Thanos did something and the screen with his memories changed to where he was building his first suit in the cave. “Fear brought you to strength and glory. You’ve reimagined reality and made the world your own.”
“Yeah. Fucking perfect.” He maneuvered himself above Steve, smirking when the man gave a pained whine at the movement. “You feel amazing.”
Mama…Tony…
." He wasn't but he would not let them know that. "I’m sure I’ll be better if I can actually see and experience this new time period. It gives me the shivers to know it’s out there and I’m not allowed to touch it. Like it’s still not quite real.” His voice trailed off as he looked at the wall. It still shocked his system to think that just beyond it was a brand new world for him.
“I appreciate that. Presently,” his shoulders slumped. “Apologies, but I cannot take your help just yet. I owe a debt to Pierce, one they will prove legal, and I doubt they’ll let me quit anytime soon.”
“Please just go to sleep. Just,
“Now, don’t reject a compliment, dear heart. And do not pull away from me.” Tony’s grip tightened slightly, a warning, and smiled pleasantly when Steve stilled. “Good boy. You follow directions well.”
“I can’t feel my legs.” Steve muttered. As if to prove his point his legs slid off Tony’s hips limply.
“Kinks…oh, yes,” Steve nodded. “Had multiple people decide to tell me about those. You have some…” he guessed, “and you want to bring them in here.” He motioned to their bedroom.
“I’ll chew your whole god damn face off! Let’s see who has rabies then!” Rocket screeched.
‘Iron King. Oh, Iron Royalty...shit.
He did not want to keep Pepper waiting so he turned away from the capital of his kingdom and continued his way up to his penthouse in the tower. ‘Fuck, I’m glad she caught me before I drank any further. These stairs suck. Why don't I have an escalator? Jarvis, put in an escalator. Jarvis?...oh yeah, I'm talking in my head.’ He was very pleased Pepper stopped him from drinking any more.
“Nooooo!” He grabbed at Steve pinning him down. “I want it!”
“What about your mom?”
.” She stressed.
He gave himself props for not going insane a long time ago but that will only be for so long. His daydreams of a life with Steve were hyper-real and each time he woke from them a bit more of him died. A vision of Steve plagued his waking moments and no matter how many times he tried to fight it, he would always reach for the shadow of the man.
“Dates will be out of order.”
“Keep them away from cat-videos!” Clint ordered, as he seemed to be urging Tony to tackle the massive Thor to the ground. “Come on, Stark—show off your authority and take that bastard to the ground. You can take a supernatural being from another world who controls lightning and has a big-ass hammer! I believe in you!”
‘Finally.’ Steve groaned in victory as Tony tackled him, kissing him painfully. Tony’s canine dragged over his lips trailing away and going for the junction of his neck and bit again, hard. “Oh, god, yeeees…”
Tony gave his side a tickle. “Apparently, people can always find a good chunk of mom in me. Well, the people who matter. Most everyone else states I look like Howard.”
“I can’t help that you have an ass that’s absolutely magnificent.” Tony glared over at Thor who just threw them, mainly Steve, a charming smile. “And it’s mine, Point Break.”
“T-This is not funny.”
Sam chewed his lip for a moment, “No.”
“And I am still surprised that you are here to begin with. So, I guess we are even.”
"Well," he cleared his throat, his brown eyes looking everywhere but those earnest, honest pretty blues. "That blue square was being a right to dick to us both."
Steve twisted his arm around to grab Bucky's wrist and twist uncomfortably, trying to take him down by putting pressure on his knees. Of course Bucky was bulkier and did not make it easy, "You can ask to see it, moron."
“It’s about privacy and respect of boundaries.” Howard came over, picked Tony up and quickly put him down and away from the desk. They never held each other. They rarely even talked. “Which I don’t think you have.”
Was he truly allowed to take it, make it his own...when was the last time he allowed himself to feel and own and...Steve.
“It means that many good things in this life are fragile and when people, like the ones here, like the one who put you here,” he squeezed the teenager’s shoulder protectively, “try to grasp that good for themselves and won’t let it go. They cage it. Sometimes the good needs someone to rescue it.”
Scowling, Steve tied the curtains back to let his room have some sunlight during the day and went to put himself together.
“Bride?” Ok, maybe his fever was still in affect. He supposed this was better than PTSD nightmare fuel. “Uhm, I’m Steve…are you…uh…with the Guardians?” He thought Thor introduced him to all that remained, and her certainly never mentioned any of these.
“I want to ruin you. I want to make sure you could never even dream of going to another lover…” He snarled. “I want to fuck the idea of that out of you. You’re mine.  I want you branded with my name.”
“You deal with business.”
“This still is not funny.”
“Ok.” He said. His voice felt weak.
Tony grinned, “Jealous?”
“I’m not sure I can run after another round.” Steve groaned and kissed Tony.
"Uuuhm, excuse you? Second? No. You're third." Clint continued and used his thumb to motion between himself and the scary redhead. "Love-child-chicken. You and your sexy greasy Cobain hair can't beat that. I have a son named after her. What do you have? Thighs. That's what you have. No love-child-chicken."
, the dark-Sherlock/Johnlock anthology. If you enjoy dark tales, in particular from the BBC-Sherlock series, or just beautiful pieces of work please take time to read through their stuff and look into their anthology. Because O-M-G.
.” Steve tried, unable to coherently give him any other words.
"That is not an answer."
Gripping at his mid-section, he clenched his eyes close and took calming breaths. Nausea was hitting him and passing in a single motion and his teeth weren’t chattering as hard as they had been, something he hadn’t been aware of till just this second.
“Tony.” Steve hissed. He wasn’t fond of that possessive note.
Steve swallowed as he made a leap, “Anthony.”
Steve stiffened at the sight.
The home was odd looking. It was filled with sharp corners and wide-open spaces. It looked almost too clean and pristine with little bits here and there to show wealth. Every so often Steve had to stop to look at something: an intercom system, a wingless-fan, a big screen television.
Steve groaned. “What does Tony have against it?”
Tony swore he was going to buy out an art store for his Steve and a whole library of books on everything Ireland. Maybe take him there…had Steve even seen his mother’s country?
“I don’t know. But something concerning him changing and then the family just vanished. Then there was this story, no one knows where it came from, of a king with an iron heart who will make any deal for a heavy price.” She licked her lip and fidgeted again. “Do not say that name either.”
He knew there was something more, something far darker behind Tony’s warm eyes, than he’d been allowed to see. Even back in his time, no one got so much money without hurting others…and Tony had a lot of riches. There was a woman who was, without any doubt in Steve’s mind, a killer who did work in a group run by Tony that would not provide any information unless Tony allowed it. All members could be out doing something,
“Have I been now?”
"This is when World War Two started." Steve pointed, higher up on his side. "And this is when Bucky joined and then when I joined."
"Well," Josh held up a finger, "I wanted to show you my," he provided jazz hands, "epic design for the team."
Steve snorted, as if insulted, but there was such open happiness in his eyes that Tony had to stare lovingly, something in him soaring higher than the suit has ever taken him.
“Very. Listen, Steve, I don’t know what is happening within that house. I don’t really know what has transpired there for sure. All I know is, there is something wrong with it and I do not want to risk my own sanity.” They slowed down to the front of the home again. Lights filtered out from candles in the windows but Steve had seen the electrical lamps and knew he’d need to find a way to get it up and running again.
“Oh good, another idiot. Tony, really, you’re looking like a school-girl with that red-face of yours.” Natasha grunted.
“Haven’t decided yet. Though I need to get him a ring.” Tony said as he tried to get another bite of food but Clint kept it to him possessively. “I was going to put attention on that after this. Speaking of,” he tapped his watch at the redhead. “Are we ready?”
“T-That is none of your business!” Steve yelped, cheeks as red as apples. “Y-You--”
“How are you this old and not like coffee?”
“Nope. He got plenty dizzy. He can do seventy before he has to stop. Probably should’ve stopped at fifty but he wanted to push it.” Natasha flipped her hair off her shoulder. “Barton, you’re not allowed alone with him.”
“That’s supreme leader the great Stark to you.”
Tony shrugged, “Who are they?”
“Now, business folks.
Tony laughed, “Glad for that. Howard had some ears on him. Stood out with his military cut he kept on him.”
Steve nodded again.
He wondered what the sensation would be with even less prep.
Steve’s eyes narrowed. He had heard the home was probably not in the best of conditions, though no one was sure as it had not been looked at for some time, but Sam’s tone sounded like something else entirely than a few cracked windows. “What do you mean?”
With a deep inhale, he shuddered the thoughts off his shoulders.
“Yes, now you can’t take these out of the library but feel free to study them or whatnot.”
Pierce rolled his eyes. “Fine, fine. Hurry up, Steven. We have had nothing but tea and bread. We still expect dinner by six sharp.”
Josh whistled, “God damn, Mr. Stark.”
“Many apologies sir,” Jarvis said, not sounding sorry.
“I need to go run and if Nat isn’t hungover we’re going to spar today.”
“Hmm?” Tony groaned against the back of Steve’s shoulder. He was not ready to wake up from a dream that soft and nice.
“Figure I was already a bit in over my head. What the hell…if I’m doomed I might as well enjoy something.” Steve took a bit of the sweets to make his point. “I mean, I called you a bastard.”
“That’s what everyone calls it here.” Sam interrupted. “That was actually the last family who lived in it. Of course, that was about thirty-some years ago. It’s really been left alone to rot. We’re all surprised people were interested in it.”
“And why would you want that?”
“Keep yourself focused, Rogers.” He closed his eyes and did a few meditative breaths Sam urged him to use should he feel himself slipping into an anxiety attack. “Don’t chase the rabbit. Just breathe. Just breathe. You’re paranoid. It’s fine to be paranoid, you have the right to be so,” he repeated what Sam taught him, “just don’t let it control you. Just breathe.”
“Don’t you start.” Steve groaned. “I need someone on my side with this.”
“Nah, I’ve claimed you as my favorite. You’re safe. Talking about my former BFF.”
“I’m sure he can handle it.”
Everyone within the frame looked important to Tony; from the redheaded woman with firm eyes, to the man with cropped blond hair giving a peace sign to the camera, to the tall man dressed in odd garments. There was even a young man, very young—probably only a teen—grinning as he hung off the arm of the man dressed so unusually.
She gave him the most deadpanned look he’d received in some time (minus everyone in the Avengers that is). Once upon a time, committees and juries would sneer in his direction, thinking him nothing but a spoiled, eccentric man with too much time and money and concern. Amusing to see where those faces were now. Tony, however, was still a smart man despite his success and he knew who not to piss off (Pepper, never piss off Pepper) so he gave her his cutest pout in hopes of forgiveness.
So…yeah, after three years it’s been updated! Yay? I hope the people reading it are still around and happy! Sorry for how long it took…this story is such a pain in the ass. I love it. I plan on continuing it. But wow, did I pour way too much detail into this. This thing was supposed to be a one-shot. Now it’s looking at four to five chapters…ugh.
“Steve.” He moved in closer, nuzzling his face against Steve’s.
“Good U-S-OF-A.”
“We all do that!”
“Hush.” Tony picked himself up, and easily hoisted Steve up as well, cradling him tightly. He quietly snarled, “Looks like someone stopped eating his greens. You’ve lost a lot of weight.”
With another sigh, Steve took a few more glances over the papers before he folded them up and brought them back to their home. He snooped around the shelves for a bit, searching for history of the town concerning the house, but came up empty-handed. He took it as a sign he needed to finish up his little adventure and focus back on his chores.
“Tony,” Steve went after him, feeling the spark of something akin to annoyance hitting the air—a rather normal reaction whenever Steve got too close to the handsome inventor. But it was something. He had waited, for a few seconds, to allow Steve to catch up. He wasn’t shooing the awkward young man away. There were no intense, spiteful glares or closed doors or anything like what Steve expected. “I was just showing everyone--”
Tony huffed out some laughter, “Many mornings, yes. Maybe a little more…lazy. God, I haven’t gone through a romp like that since, hell, ever.” He pulled himself up, and boxed Steve’s head between his elbows, his face hurting from smiling, “You’re amazing.”
“Apparently we’re their,” he held up his fingers to quote, “ultimate ship. They’re going to interfere as much as they want.”
“But they never do.”
“I don’t care.” Tony went back to kissing, finding that a far better focus. “We’re not talking about this. I’ve needed you for far too long, far too many fucking years, and I am not going to listen to this nonsense.”
Hands gripped his chin and he was forced to look back up. “Eye contact is best for conversation, don’t you agree?”
And apparently one Tony Stark had a jealous streak and was not fond of the ideas of someone’s hands on Steve.
Tony first saw a picture of Steve Rogers when he was eight.
It had been a pleasant time. One he looked back at fondly.
“Both.”
, Barton, not what you eat from. God you are so unsanitary.” Tony’s nose scrunched up. “Knowing you, you’ll forget to clean it and then try to eat berries from the tip again. Besides, it’s Natasha and Thor’s turn. You get it next time.”
the god.”
“Thank you, Ms. Natasha was it? Ms. Wanda pointed me in your direction.”
“But we are in a challenge, Stark!” Thor grinned and then gave a friendly pat to Steve’s backside.
The man stopped, “
“Wanda did?” Natasha looked him over and nodded. “Yes, you do look a bit unassuming and kind. Still surprising, she can be a bit shy.”
What was he?
“Hmm,” Thanos moved the image along to when Steve approached Bucky and helped him up, his shoulders slumping with something heavy before he dropped the shield on Tony’s command. “I see…a man torn between loyalties. That is not easy to face.”
Sam internally groaned. He could practically feel the power vibrating off of Stark as he entered into the scene. ‘Rogers, you are a traitor leaving me with your murderous boyfriend.’
“It’s hard to resist.”
“Then tell that to Stark.”
“You’re boring.”
As he was, he could pin Steve down...make him do whatever Tony wanted, make him suffer and beg for more...
“Ok,” he licked his lips and stiffly brought his legs to hang off the edge of the bed. Another bout of nausea washed through him and he stopped a moment to collect his bearings. His lack of eating and sleep hitting something fierce. He wouldn’t be surprised if he managed to lose another three to four pounds in the past few hours alone.
Steve just laughed, his face flushed, “Why should I?”
She nodded solemnly. “Stories say that the mother made a deal or she gave herself to a demon or fairy for a chance to have a child. Whatever the origin, in the end, it was said the boy was not natural. Too beautiful, too smart, too cunning. Then when he was reaching the age of thirty something happened.”
“By no thanks to your employers.” Tony’s voice was like sharp steel. It was the same angry tone from before.
Bruce sighed, “I thought you said no campy.”
“He knew from the beginning?”
Sam frowned, “A debt?”
“Hmm…has he asked about the shield?”
“You just went on and got one by yourself. A loner move for something so team-heavy.” Tony said, his tone growing cold again.
Steve squinted at the machines, found he could not make out the words, and then back at the room.  A very nice hospital; like one he’d never seen before. He must be back with the team and being used as another experiment with their medical gear.
For a moment, briefly, nothing answered back and Steve felt his tension ease.
“Yeah. Apparently it was only a few miles from your location. It must’ve come free of the crash after a few years, global warming or some shit, and bobbed its way north where it froze again.” Tony felt a growl catch his throat. His team had found the Tesseract roughly eight months prior but no matter where they looked they simply couldn’t figure out if Steve was close or not. To think, if he had not been so distracted by his world domination and uncovering the all powerful secrets of the blue box he could have had his Steve far sooner.
“Just let this happen, baby.” Tony’s lips brushed up against Steve’s once the man relaxed his posture a bit. “It’s so natural. I know you feel a pull to me like I do to you. Don’t hide from it.”
Thanos shared a soft smile, “You see it too. He was burdened with a power but his naiviety was taken advantage of by others. They turned his good into their own.”
She chuckled and took it. “I’m aware. Captain America. Quite a pleasure to meet you. Though, your resurface has caused a lot of headaches.”
“W-Wha--”
With a bowed head, Steve agreed, “Yes sir. Ah, will any of you be out to the town soon?”
A harsh breath escaped Steve, “Yeah…yeah…that…that is…that is good.”
"But," Thanos nodded. "He is perfection. You made the best choice."
“Well, I deal in deals.”
“On the third day you wish for his physical training to start. Speaking of which sir, I have picked out an individual I believe perfect for the role as Steve’s mentor during this hard time. I have sent the files to you.”
He nodded his stiff neck. “Cause I’m Tony Fucking Stark.”
At first, Tony did not see the answer to the curiousity. To him there was nothing special in his hands. It was just a picture with no colors of four people: three men and a woman. With a squint he realized one of the men was his dad, just a lot younger. The woman was very pretty and at first he thought it was his mom, as she was the prettiest woman ever, but realized soon after it was not. The other man had dark hair, a masculine jawline, and a smirk as he had his arm thrown over the final man.
“Your first decree?”
“Cilantro is amazing you moron.” Behind him Pepper made a noise of agreement.
“Which is?”
“In the kitchen. She told me to stop being so harsh and listen to you. I didn’t think you would come after me…but I promised myself if you did I would listen…and you did.” His canine gave a little pinch to Steve’s bottom lip. “You came after me.”
“Well, at least you’ve been learning something being around true businessmen.” Pierce cut up his potato and Steve tried not to let his stomach rumble in misery.
That night, holding a custom pillow of the shield his mother had made for him, Tony found himself crying as he replayed that smile and those words in his head.
She sniffed, “Yeah but you probably would’ve preferred to meet everyone one at a time.”
Josh was grinning from ear to ear. “I have gotten quite good at Iron Man stuff…I can put as many on him as you want.”
“When I wasn’t sick? Yeah. But it was part of the time, I think. I went to school quite a few blocks away so I had to get up and walk there. Then after I graduated, I tried to pick up part-time jobs to help pay for rent. Then the army.” He shrugged. “Add in the serum and I am just too full of energy.”
“Ma,” Steve cleared his throat a bit and sniffed. It had been so long since he spoke of her.  “Was a bit like yours, I think. Wild-child. Had me out of wedlock. Hugh Rogers, the man she married, was not even my father.”
He had no time to comprehend the younger face, the bulkier form, the scars, the eyes…
“Kneel,” Tony pulled at Steve’s hair, his pupils blow wide as his hungry grin grew sharper as Steve instantly did as told. “We’ll take this to the bed soon, love but for now,” he licked his lips and guided Steve towards him, “let me bruise that mouth of yours.”
'Stop it.' His fists balled tightly together. 'Just stop it.'
"I want to show you something our followers have been working on the past years." He nodded to the shadows and an ugly looking creature hobbled out, holding a small machine with two wires with fine points at the end. It was simple looking really, awkwardly so, as it was just a metallic box, about the size of the tesseract, with noodle wires. "It may not look  like much but it has taken time to ensure its stability."
“What? Apparently I have to be ridiculously blunt for you to catch on. Don’t get all pure maiden on me.”
“You are now the age of fifteen. A prime age to begin proper warrior training.”
“No, Tony.” Steve laughed.
“Man, you are perfect for him.” A breathless Clint noted as he came over, throwing his arm around Steve’s shoulders. “Didn’t think they made people like you anymore.”
“Seriously, what the hell about me is cute?”
Clint grabbed it now, dragging Steve around to get a good and proper look at it, "A little fancy."
“Yeaaaah, soooo…I may have invented nanotech.”
"You played dirty."
“I am certainly not against fun.” Steve said, breaking from his deep thoughts. “It certainly sounds like there will be a lot of it tonight…really, though, a
Steve pulled his hand away. “Why? Why can’t we just wing it?”
Inhaling was stranger still as it smelled only slightly musty. Truthfully, there was something nice in the scent. He couldn’t quite place it all of it, some were familiar that he could name (like coffee and earth), some were familiar but he couldn’t quite place (perhaps a some type of metal), and other things that mixed it he had no guess…but it was soothing. With the scent and the soft bed, Steve could almost imagine he was in a tender hold.
“You’re a charmer.” Steve laughed, leaning against the wall of the elevator and allowed Tony to crowd him. “And, as said, a perverted bastard.”
"H-How do I just give you that?"
fate.
Something slithered in his head and his arc stuttered briefly.
‘Holy hell, look at what you do to me, Cap. I’m still a lovesick loon for you. Even here in this SCI-FI epic torture landscape where I have a grape and tesatore flavored pringle trying to adopt me.’ He smiled to himself. ‘The power of that ass is too strong.’
“T-Ton…” He gagged. He didn’t want to fall back but he couldn’t find a way up. He couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t breathe.
“You don’t quite understand yet, darling. You are thinking it through, aren’t you? Bright little thing. Especially for a…” He paused and smiled, refusing to finish whatever his thought was.  “You’ll have it figured out soon enough, won’t you?”
Now, he had her on the defense. And he did not let up.
Tony’s lips twitched. “You are quite the defender.”
“Right,” he nodded, hearing her warning loud and clear. “I will.”
“Thought so. It’s good and Tony can’t cook.” She twirled some pasta. “How long you gonna wait till you start asking the important questions?”
Tony felt knocked of breath. It was the domestic sight he’d longed to see and having it in front of him was almost too overwhelming to handle. Steve in an apron, in a soft shirt, barefoot, and smiling at him after he put work in creating something for Tony. It had to be one of the most gorgeous images he'd ever seen.
Steve kept his smile pleasant as Tony’s hand came up to the back of his neck and started to massage his scalp. It made something inside him quiver again. He just wasn’t sure if it was good or bad.
“Then you look after me. But I’ve had people look after me, I didn’t handle them well, but I’ve had people…I’ve been asked after, checked in on…I had parents, friends…yes, I’ve dealt with miserable, selfish assholes but there have been others.” His hand stroked over the shape of Steve’s face. “When was the last time someone asked you how you were doing, how you were really doing?”
“The tension is getting too much to handle. Are you two gonna make out in front of us or…?” Clint tilted a brow and waved a hand over his face. “Cause that’s both ew and hot at the same time.”
Stop it.
Sighing heavily, he shook his head again, and concentrated on looking at the blueprints for something other than childish notions that there was more than meets the eye. Peirce would get him to working on everything broken, and there was a lot broken, and he needed to get himself focused on future tasks.
Steve tried to gasp, tried to get up—face the unknown voice—but the words slithered into his head and then he was swallowed in blackness.
Tony’s hands tightened over Steve’s. Steve had tried to pull himself back once the craziness started but Tony held on. After a while Steve found he appreciated it, again.
The image changed to outside a dirtied restaurant with residue of alien carcasses and New York rubble around.
“He was rough…broke me a bit, but it was for the better. I am better for it.” He crawled over Steve, pinning him down. His grin was sharp. “I can protect you now. Keep you away from those who want to hurt you.”
Though still stubborn about it, and finding it icky to talk about, Tony knew he was who he was because of the help. And he was going to ensure Steve got the same assistance.
Tilting his head, he looked around, squinting into the darkness.
'Push it back,' he demanded, gritting his teeth. 'Don't let it happen. Don't let him win. He can't win. He won't win. I've held on this long. I'm still Tony Stark. I am Iron Man.'
“Oh,” he stopped before another photo and a wobbly smile went on his face.
Struggling, Steve managed to pull himself up, his legs shaking and his eyes blurry with water, he nodded. “Y-Yes sir.”
“Thank you kindly.” Steve said with a smile as he started to make his way out of the door to go search the larger building beside him.
“The fact that I, one of the most insecure men around, did not know you were suffering like this is a crime.” Tony winced. “I am sorry, baby.”
“That sounded quite rude.” Steve grinned.
“If you approach it cautiously, having Steve help with figuring this out may be beneficial for you both. He’s smart.” Bruce noted.
Sam nodded again,
“No. They never do.”
“Steve.” Tony repeated. “Lovely name. Strong. Means honor and crown, if my memory serves me right…which it typically does.”
“Tony--”
“You truly believe it.” Tony whispered, unwilling to let their gaze break. His brows narrowed before he blinked, catching something, and a soft sound escaped his chest and his eyes widen somewhat; seeing it. “Oh…oh, dear heart…
“Again.” Tony snarled, pulling up Steve’s hips, trying to fold him in half to have a better way to brutalize Steve’s prostate.
“The platinum treatment?”
“Tony?” Steve made a timid reach for him but paused and pulled his hand back, a lost and guilty look crossing his features. This wasn’t…was it? This had to be impossible, the man was not there before him, looking…looking…
It was real.
Squinting, he could not make out any handle…perhaps it was meant to be more of a secret door? His imagination could stretch enough to see that as a possibility but he guessed the original residences did not need constant access to the top most level and they did not want an awkward door visible.
“I’ll get started on it right away. And the task force?”
“Good advice.” Sam gave him a look. “You taking it?”
“It’s nearly five in the evening.”
Steve scowled, “Apparently that is a standard in the story around this place…and yourself. Don’t get testy at me for being prepared for something I was warned about.”
The man, this infamous Clint, just ignored his leader’s attitude and rushed to Steve, reaching up and grabbing at the face. With a moment of Tony bristling and trying to yank Clint off and Clint just squishing Steve’s cheeks together, Natasha approached the group with an impassive look.
“Well, not yet.” Tony muttered. “I wanted to keep him for myself for a bit.”
Sam truly pitied whoever gave Tony the business. He did not look happy.
"Well, if papa says so." He picked her up, "You came up here all by yourself?"
“I…I don’t know.” He answered honestly and his eyebrows furrowed in confusion. “You just touch me and say these things and…” Steve started to feel panic crawl up from his legs and spread throughout his whole body. “I…I don’t know. I really…sorry, I don’t--”
Tony appreciated them. He would appreciate them for the rest of his life.
“Do I have a choice?” Steve smiled.
“Desperate times and all of that.” Steve noted. “Is the manor famous or something?”
“God, I hope you turn Tony’s hair gray.”
Quickly, he pressed them under his arms and jumped on his feet as he waited for Sam’s arrival. His toes squished in his socks and he wondered if he could find some glue in town to keep his shoes from wearing apart.
‘Fine though.’ He smiled to himself as he thought of Sam and Wanda. ‘I can keep handling it all. Yes, this will all be fine.’
Shaking his head, Steve went back to his meal and chores once Tony disappeared. He was acting like a love-struck fool and was still too suspicious for his own good. So the man had muscles—many men and women do. Nothing like that should give Steve any cause for thought or startle.
“Of course she’s involved. Her and Barnes’ obsession with you is disturbing.” Tony pouted and kissed the top of Steve’s head. “Right, so I guess that’ll continue.”
He was home and well and protected.
Tony’s brown eyes rolled to the back of his head as a migraine started. “Of course. We’re idiots. Do you know how deep in the government it goes?”
He pressed his palms against the edge of the sink, sighing.
“Throwing weapons at your friends hardly seems better.” Thor softly said.
Tony blinked back, his brain slowly shutting down and then rebooting. "Not first...Josh? Who the hell is
“Ok. You’re right. I hate to admit it but you’re right.” He stuffed his hands into his pockets. “Steve shouldn’t have to suffer because the world has changed. I’ll talk to him about things. Sound good?”
Pepper laughed and their glasses chimed together in a toast. “And this is for you, a celebration, for twenty years of hard work. This week has been such a success and I think this is the start of something a little easier for you. Something better. I'm happy for you, Tony.”
"Language!"
“Yes, yes…you’re going to make me a daddy, won’t you my darling? You’ll take my seed so well and give me a baby. Yes, yes…oh, yes, fucking take it.”
“I never expected him to get married. He appeared to like the bachelor life.”
Bruce face-palmed and Tony just took another bite of his sweets, “And there’s the video.”
“Golden bride, what are you
“Your first command is a koala? Ridiculous, ritzy, and unnecessary? You after my heart or something?”
Grunting his placed his feet on the floor, testing his strength.
“Stop it.” Steve whined. “I thought I could handle this. I shouldn’t be making you laugh because I’m an idiot.”
“Yes sir,” The metallic voice called out.
“Oh, good, you’re still obvious.” He grinned. “Did that really need to be stated?”
"Jealousy over my power is so unbecoming." Tony drawled. "How about I make it better, hmm? I’ll give you your own continent or something you can rule over. Want Antarctica? Plenty of quiet, nerdy stuff to do there. And penguins! Doesn’t the Mean Green love penguins? Who doesn’t love penguins? You can have an army of them. I think I’ll make an army of them as a matter of fact. Jarvis, make note of that. We'll give them cute jet-packs so they can finally fly.”
Well, three-hundred-years or not, Tony still had a foot-in-mouth habit.
Tony checked the screen with Steve and Sam again. Steve was running normally and was pushing his body to an unnecessary harsh level. Tony could see in his expression that he was bored and flustered and had more energy than he could ever spend.
“Ah, yeah,” Bruce shared a weak smile, “Everyone took it a big insult when they found me on my phone watching bento-making videos rather than watch some MMA match.”
Then he knew Dr. Yinsen was right. People unworthy had taken the good in the world; it was being smothered and used so it couldn’t go and find those than needed it most.
“Like what?”
“It will be received in an hour, Ms. Potts.” Jarvis replied instantly.
The soldier was very aware of himself and his flaws and knew he probably would have kept everything inside of him, pulling himself away from anyone who got near, as he desperately sought for another dangerous battle to get lost in. Hungry for action and movement to keep his mind from thinking about anything else. Tony and Sam made this course impossible. He had no choice but to face reality. Steve appreciated and loathed them for it.
Steve woke with a lurch, gasping and coughing as he tried to swat away the last shadows of freezing water.
“What’s wrong with a few sexy nips between
His fingers danced over the beautiful piece, still reeling that this was what Captain America chose when he was offered any weapon for use. A shield. The opposite, but perfect partner, to Tony himself.
“That is the one who was born in one world and then put in place of a human child, correct?”
“What,” he licked his lips in confusion and Tony made an unusual reaction to it. It was a sharp noise, like a powerful grunt. “What is it?”
“What?”
“I’ve heard that taking food from Fae might not be the wisest decision.” Steve quickly said, trying to keep Tony’s attention away from Pierce and his sons. No matter how rotten they were he would not wish for them to suffer a Fae’s wrath—not many deserved that. The only who came close was Schmidt…he hid a shudder from the memory of that man.
“Of course it is.” The redhead chuckled, “But not the best for sparring, now is it?”
“I will do my best.”
“You murdered the daughter you kidnapped and abused for years after slaughtering her family.” Tony’s eyes were lit with so much hate he could feel himself burning, “As told by your other daughter that you kidnapped and abused and left for dead. Don’t you fucking dare begin to pretend we’re in the same situation.”
Steve knew about the Shield family. They were once partners of his employer’s father, Rupert Pierce, and sold their house to him for cheap years prior after some disturbances within the family itself. When Alexander Pierce inherited it there was talk of cleaning it up and selling it for profit but it was truly just a forgotten relic. Now that they needed to start over, it was the only property they had and could afford the upkeep of.
The party was phenomenal.
“I want you in me. I want you to fill me up. I want to carry you everywhere at all times. Please get me pregnant.” He panted. “Put a baby in me, Tony. For the love of god, put a baby in me.”
“Hush, babe. Your noises are giving me really impure thoughts and you have told me you’re not up for quickies in public.”
“Sam told me you wanted to go out.”
Natasha raised her glass back in toast and then downed her beer in two large gulps.
Tony’s interest sparked. He always hated the politicians that swarmed after his father. “No. What did he do?”
“Tony,” he gasped, now unable to say anything else as he lost control over his body and started to try and meet Tony’s thrust. The impact made his bones rattle. It was so good…so fucking good. He kept meeting up with Tony and knew bliss was so close.
“I’m sure he’s fine.” Steve tugged at his jeans. They were incredibly comfortable. He found he liked them better than the slacks he’d worn all his life. Different but very pleasant.
"Shh, shh, daddy's here." She felt so wonderful in his arms, a little lump of rolls and softness. Her onesie had a hood with bunny ears on it which he eagerly flipped up and over her head. She was so cute with her chubby cheeks and bleary blue eyes and that ridiculous hood.
,” and that was a nasty tone that made something freeze deep in Steve’s pit of a stomach, “words…Steven, was it?”
“Tony…” Steve gaped, his eyes wide. He hadn’t even seen the man move. And that voice…his expression. This was not…this wasn’t his Tony. Steve gently reached out for him, grabbing his wrist, “What…how…”
“That,” Sam started lowly, his brown eyes serious and firm, “is not
Tony grinned, “We better be careful. Knowing the Avenger’s track record of improbability I may actually get you pregnant.”
Bruce snorted but quickly after let out a small chuckle. “I don’t think the Star Accords gives you the rights to give away continents like party-bags. But I appreciate the gesture.”
“Ah,” Steve blinked as if remembering what exactly he was talking to. “Oh, right…”
That was an awkward question with no honest answer available that would not lead to awkward pity. So he settled on the vague, but truthful, “it is just how it is.”
"Three weeks after New York."
“Hips up.” He growled, pleased when Steve instantly did as told. Tony yanked the pants down and discarded them somewhere else. Who cared where? That wasn’t as important as getting out of his own pants so their skin could be in full contact.
“Uhm, a new father?” Steve wasn’t sure if he should stop Tony or not. “I’m sorry but I don’t follow.”
“How are you handling everything?”
That was another thing Steve liked about Sam. He was very honest, almost blunt. Tony was too but sometimes Steve got the impression he was not always telling the whole truth, just parts of it. There was something of a politician in Tony’s mannerisms that made him just seem too aware and above everyone else to want to fill them in on all the secrets.
Steve hadn’t heard of it and he apologized for his ignorance.
“Hm?” Steve sipped, blinking at Tony in confusion.
The noise Tony made was not human.
"I am Tony Stark." He hissed to himself as he stepped out of his room to head to the training room. "I am Iron Man."
“Bruce, you’ll be happy to know I want to keep you hidden. The public knowing your whereabouts right now isn’t the best. I want you in a lab. Any lab of your choosing and I want you to make some progress on the Tesseract-technology. That needs unlocked sooner rather than later since I’m positive Odin is going to demand it in return for future alliances.”
“Well, we apparently are now making a list.” Steve grinned. “I can say this turned out a lot better than what I expected when you said we needed to talk.”
“Your name was mentioned. There are a lot of stories about you…so I made a guess.”
Tony just brushed past him, leaving the room freezing.
Steve’s blush went to nuclear.
The blue woman glared, “Which is?”
“Yeah,” Steve leaned back into Tony’s hold, his back pressed against Tony's firm chest. “I can tell. Thank you for showing it to me.”
“Most find the risk work it.” Tony’s voice was breathy. “Others have found the risk well worth the reward I give them.”
Steve had been called dense a few times in his life. Bucky would have to smack him upside the head when Steve missed the picture of something obvious to everyone else. But Steve was not, by any means, stupid.
“We can stop. I can see this is making you uncomfortable.”
Probably was also a bit too much of a shock to let the young man know he could now defy human biology and get Steve pregnant.
“Yes.”
Bucky just glared at Steve who was providing him a very smug and pleased smile. Life certainly was easier when he was Black Widow's favorite person. "I don't like being my girlfriend's second favorite."
“Maybe I could think clearer without a strange man holding me.” He made a small move to break from the grasp but it was ironclad, the term made him quiver slightly, tighter than shackles and yet gentle. His pulse rushed and he feared the man felt it.
“And to be fair, didn’t you eat eight burgers in one day?”
“Too bad.”
“I…yes? Watching movies.”
Steve eyed it and Tony hungrily. “Please.”
That was a high compliment, Steve could tell.
“I’m sorry about that.” His voice sounded sympathetic but not pitiful which Tony appreciated.
“This still is hysterical.” Tony retorted and then grabbed Steve’s face and kissed him. Apparently the man in the iron suit felt like being merciful for a few moments and only gave Steve the softest, sweetest of kisses as their first.
“Love,” he slurred, already drunk of lust and a desperation for more. “Up. Want more of you. Want it,” he tugged at the short hair, teasingly at first and then harder. “Open those big blues for me, pretty boy.”
"I wasn't trying to exclude anyone..." Steve tried. "I just…I was just there and Josh was excited about it--"
Steve groaned and arched against him, practically mewling, “Can’t deny that.”
“Not just simple wrongness?”
“Oh.” Steve breathed out, blinking rapidly, once Tony pulled back.
“The lining of it is a great piece of work.” His eyes narrowed as he dipped in closer to look at where it connected to tissue. “It looks a little tender around the edges. You remove it?”
“It will probably smell.” Zemo, the youngest of the brothers, looked more soured face than he had entering the train that morning.
“Who the hell is telling my innocent angel about this?” Tony grumbled, nuzzling against the younger man.
“Nope.” Steve gave him a cheeky grin. “Luckily, the chances of that are slim to none.”
Tony just stared. Although he knew the many artistic renderings of Steve Rogers were, for the most part, incorrect, he could not have imagined that he would be so heartbreakingly perfect.
To be fair, he really didn’t think one Anthony Stark would be on the list of people to want this.
“Actually, Stevie, I wanted to see if you would mind postponing our outing to tomorrow?”
“I am still ready to find a broom and break your ribs.” Steve muttered, his face hot. He knew he had nothing to feel ashamed over. But he still couldn’t help but feel foolish for his worry.
Steve blinked, “Breeding.”
“Not steal my food. You have your own luxurious apartment filled with organic food and chocolates.”
“Bwuh…” Steve choked stupidly, absentmindedly accepting a drink from Natasha.
“GAK!” Clint yelped, now on the ground with the large blond lazing about on top of him.
“Well, just,” he cleared his throat. It always caught him off guard how quickly the tone and anger shifted within the man. He was predictably unpredictable with his displeasure and how he showed it. Really though, Steve knew it was just to keep his employees shaking under a brutal fist. “That way I can work on your bedrooms without any disturbance to you.”
“You do it yourself?”
All this time, whatever this time was, and still those blue eyes haunted him. He could still remember that scent that made him imagine a cabin surrounded by pine woods in the snow, filled with vanilla and warm fires. How Steve’s cheeks and ears burned pink when complimented and his rare crooked smiles lit up his face. How his guarded face completely melted at a sight of a dog and how his brow softened when he started to draw or bake.
“Tony,” Steve warned.
He loved those eyes.
“But who makes the contract?” Steve pointed out.
No. No...wait, no, he didn't...did he? Was he?
"Wha..." He slapped his hand to his chest, coughing intensely. "Wha...no...you...what?"
Steve blushed and reached up to gently trace Tony’s beard and forehead. The billionaire closed his eyes and purred at the tender action. “Y-You were amazing too. Are amazing.”
"A," he licked his lips, dry, and gave an uneasy glare to the box. "A...transfusion...well, uh, interesting. What exactly does it do?"
“People used the terms freely for a while after Hammer’s death…but more and more unusual things continued to happen each time certain words were said. Some people,
Steve stopped at the table, using his shirt to wipe his face of the sweat. Tony, who was gaping at the video in silence, instantly short-circuited at the gorgeous sight of the firm, muscled stomach, the peek of hipbones. and the dusting of soft gold hair trailing down into the jogging pants. Even though he has seen the man naked a few times now, it did not mean he could handle such a sexy motion.
The blond nodded frantically.
With a deep inhale again, his fingers trailed up and down Steve’s side, tracing his stomach and nipples. His Steve jerked slightly before he settled back into place once Tony stopped teasing him. He was sure the man’s nipples and stomach were tender from the attention he had provided them.
Thanos made a movement that created a sort of rewind situation and Tony found himself forced to rewatch their civil war at least three times until Thanos felt confident he understood the situation.
“O-Oh go-god…”
As he made his way back up, he paused before Natasha’s desk. He wasn’t sure exactly what he was wishing to inquire but he pinched his lips tight when she looked up at him with a certain expression of
His eyes trailed down to his stomach with hard abs and dark hair before he finaly found the hard member greeting him and nope. Nope. Nope. He was not ready to be a mature, sexy adult about this as his face went neon and his eyes shot to the floor; panicked.
“Something I should’ve done a long time ago. I can admit I screwed up as well. I gave you far too much space. Probably made you feel…” He paused, his voice soft and angry, “unwanted.”
Steve looked at Tony over again. “You’re…sounding odd.”
‘Ok, that should keep him interested for a bit and keep him from text-bombing me during work again.’ Tony started a quick mental checklist and found that as long as the audience was in their place they were ready.
Steve gulped and pressed his lips firmly together. He had some idea on what those words were…and he was not planning on saying them anytime soon.
So, Tony wasn’t.
“Yep, yep.” Clint hummed as he played with the camera set-up that was a few feet across from the drains. “They’re in the back, howling. It’s so annoying. Bruce had to leave. You know he doesn’t like people crying.”
“True. No worries, Nat, I’ll get him to stop that. I think he has caused us all enough trouble.” He flicked the blade in the air and caught it between his knuckles as it came back down. “I did jump to a bit aggressive with you…apologies. Steve does that to me.”
“I-I…uh…”
“I’m the BFF, why can’t I get a minute?” Clint whined only to inhale so hard he started coughing.
The honesty was appreciated though it made him cold. It was a concern that he would never get better. That there was a wrong future looming before him and he’d always mess it up. How was he supposed to do it right? He was a young man born in poverty and illness. He grew up in war and with death and hunger as constant companions. He was missing over seventy-years of history and culture. How was he supposed to live honorably with wealth, peace, and ignorance?
“You and biting, Tony…” Steve sighed, letting his head fall back against the wall.
“Now, take a deep breath.” The command was soft but it was there.
Tony brought out his phone and texted Peter:
“Well, that’s good." Sam nodded. "But I meant ok in another way.”
The grin on Tony’s face grew, “Still find that oh so attractive, darling.”
“Yeah, well, I don’t always take orders well. Besides, I…well, really liked Lord of the Rings.” He swallowed thickly.
‘No. I’ll be positive but I’ll also be realistic. Do not overreach. Do not hope too much. Do not do that to yourself.’ His throat briefly quivered as he turned and walked away from Sam, towards the Pierces, and did not look back. He heard as Sam’s horses clopped away, heading to his safe home.
“I’ve only done the berry thing with my arrows.
“Of sorts. Again, working on getting out the better details and to find my next target but yes to sum up; mercenaries are getting hired by someone in the government, who happens to know some information about Avengers and Stark Industries, and they are doing their best to get into this power structure of yours and feed off of it.”
“That will take a long time.”
“It’s kinky.”
“Tony,” he licked his lips though quickly brought his tongue in when those brown eyes narrowed in on them hungrily. “Who…who is your new f-father you mentioned?”
What a hapless fool.
It was not, however, what the Pierce family would desire.
Steve tried hard not to flinch or flush and just stared the man down.
“Wouldn’t dream of it.”
“Again, you’re delicate.” Tony kissed him and reluctantly pulled back. “I’d love to keep bickering with you, but I
“Fuck. No. I don’t know much about what happened to you, but Howard put in just enough detail that it wasn’t just an injection and there you go. You were already experimented on. You’re not going through it again.” Tony kissed him a little too rough and then pulled away, “I won’t hear more of it. You’re not an experiment any more. You’re not some fucking shield to get beaten down. You’re Steve and you’re going to stay as Steve.”
“Absolutely not. I have allergies.”
“Only so many kinks at a time, love.” Steve begged. “Please. I am behaving by not rolling us over and taking care of this myself. I want you to have this moment but I am tempted to do it.”
“He gave you a fine jaw and shoulders and,” he smiled pleasantly at Tony, “a fondness for facial hair…but looking at this picture, I can say I do see a bit more of her to you.”
“Shit,” he wheezed weakly. Gotta give him credit. When he got a fever, he got it hard. He hadn’t expected it to be as bad as it had been when he was a teen filled with delusions and night terrors and the inability to find right side up.
Tony broke out belly-laughing again, “No, no I don’t. Brilliant idea, love.”
“Yo,” Natasha saluted him and continued to watch them with an unreadable, blank expression.
“He really wanted to be here.” Clint noted. “He’s trying to get better at finding veins during, he still feels bad about the mess last time, but that only happens when he gets
“Tonight?” His voice sounded so tight to his ears. That was so soon. So quick. Was everything ready? Was every room in every home Tony owned prepared for their new resident? He should have bought more pillows and apple-tea. Peggy had mentioned in the past the Captain adored anything apple-flavor. Maybe Tony could get him an apple-print-snuggie? No, best stick with an Iron Man one. Maybe he should get both? God, the elevator was moving too slow.
“Nu-uh. Someone has to remain firm.” Steve said with a shake of his head. “And, Maria,” he gave her a look with a tilt of his brows, “drop the act. You’re being mean to your dad.”
“Great. Another Barton meme coming our way.” Tony then dumped about five scoops of sugar into his mug and then the cream. “You do know your sister watches those videos, right?”
His fingers now went over the arch of his brows and scowled when Steve's forehead felt warm. “Does he have a fever?”
But now? God, Steve loved having someone else control and take care of him. To have his responsibilities and guilt forced off his shoulders and simply discarded to the side. Tony wasn’t simply letting Steve breathe, but he was taking no pain on himself…something that would’ve triggered Steve’s guilt-complex something fierce.  Instead, it was like Tony could just simply make all things that would hurt Steve disappear.
Now Steve frowned. “Why are you doing that?”
“Well, here we go.” Tony grunted, dragging Steve out into the open. “Steve, everyone…everyone, my Steve…not yours, mine.”
“In here my lord.”
An hour passed quick enough, though Steve’s whole form ached of chills and his nose dripping.
“Most leaders have to suffer some political headaches, my friend.” Thor chortled. “You were most fair even when you could’ve used force. A strong start to what I hope is an everlasting reign. Be proud of your accomplishment and how easily you vanquished your foes!”
of you. If you want a “because of you” then you look at all the great things you made happen for thousands of others.”
“I killed a lot of people for this." Tony corrected with a tsk. "The UN killed the trees. Don't blame me for the wrong murder."
“And you were busy being a war hero. And, really, baby, don’t think yourself as something bad because you haven’t done anything sexual before.” He brushed some of Steve’s hair away, “That is nothing to be ashamed about. Ever.”
“I lied. Now, about these rats…”
“Tony,” Steve hissed, attempting to move his hips but Tony’s other hand pressed him back down in place. “Tony, please.”
Tony was watching him closely and did not partake in much of the treats provided. His glasses and coat were removed, his handsome face free in the open and provided a painful distraction to Steve’s thoughts.
“Would…oh, no, no,” Tony grabbed his face. “Don’t you fucking dare think about offering yourself for experimentation.”
The final few pictures were of the same woman throughout different ages of her life. She had soft brown skin and hair that in some photos looked dark blond and others brunette. Her eyes were brown and warm. She looked so classy with pearls and high-collared pink dress but her smile did not look snobby or forced, rather it looked truly happy about life.
Steve tilted a brow with an impish grin, “Really? Oh sorry about that. I was going to offer to help with the problem that is pressing against me, but since you’re just being supportive and not starting something, I’ll get going.”
It couldn’t be said Steve didn’t fight, but some things weren’t meant to be beaten and no matter how stubborn one could be, and Steve was the king moron of stubbornness, sleep tended to win. With a head still lost in a memory of coffee-caramel eyes, the room spinning to shaking, noises muffled by too much while his head felt like it was filled with cotton and he wanted it to stop.
“Overall?”
“No!”
Steve, only three weeks out of the ice, covered in his old suit, with his helmet long gone and his longer blond hair hovering over his face. His cheeks were smudged with soot and blood and there was a slight limp in his walk though he made no notice of it. He was standing straight like a soldier, but he still looked a bit small. Unsure. So terribly lonely.
“I’m going to be with you during this meeting.” Tony cooed as if he needed to provide comfort. “I’ve met the man before. He seems…nice.” How he said the word said otherwise. “But I want to make sure he’s right for this process.”
“Could be just an early honeymoon stage. You had a childish crush on him and now he’s real. It’s emotional turmoil and we all know that anything new tends to trigger your special way of thinking--”
“If only.” Tony sighed, feeling the weight of his arc in his chest. “I know it’s not time, yet. Maybe in five years, that’s a reasonable rather realistic goal.” He smiled to himself. “It’s funny…I’ve been considering getting a place like Clint has. Something quaint, where he keeps his sister and her kids safe and he goes and just disappears.”
telling me things?” Steve huffed.
“Are you sure?”
And Sam still looked up to the man and the lives he had saved. He had seen war. He had lost people to it. He still believed in the American rights of democracy and freedom but not when it was so poisoned and apathetic. Tony was a cure for that and it was because of his mad methods and technology that Sam’s flight partner survived a crash and went home to his newborn daughter. Tony was monsterous, terrifying, and insane but he was still a hero in Sam's eyes and one who Sam owed a debt to.
“I did indeed, Miss Natasha.”
Hopefully I can get a few more chapters in over summer! I am working full time, getting another masters, trying to finish a book, and all sorts of other goals...adulting sucks. I have missed writing these stories so much. I'm going to try and balance it out a bit more.
“Fine, we’ll table that conversation for later.” He just gave the flustered, grumpy face of his Steve a flirty grin. He’ll get another one on the man; Tony was notorious for getting what he wanted. With a kiss on Steve’s forehead, he got himself and the younger man up. “Are you ok?”
"What are you doing in here?" He'd say, already knowing the answer.
“O-Oh, god.” Steve finally moaned out.
“Or something.” Sam shrugged then sighed. “Look, you’ll find all of us in town are pretty friendly folk. Be kind to us and we usually return the favor.”
Tony pressed himself close against Steve and stared at the photograph of his mother. “Howard met her in Italy. I think it was seven years after you,” his voice trailed off for a moment and he nuzzled against Steve. “He was on a tour or something. He said it was something to do with a personal project but he was so deep in government at the time who knew what he was really up to.”
“I’m thinking by a lake or something. I know Steve…he has some nightmares of drowning but I can tell he would do well at a cabin. Lot of land so he could hide from this world and just go out and have fun. You know, he could chop logs and make his chest bounce or something. Would be good for…” He stopped and a little flush rushed to his cheeks.
Something Sam could only describe as madness glistened over Tony’s brown eyes and he knew he took it a step too far.
“And I thought I face my fear and say no to my she-devil sister.” Clint’s shoulders sunk, an epic pout on his face. “She and Bruce are in cahoots. Saying it’s out of love. Psh, do I look unhealthy? Look at these biceps!”
“Huh, he’d always kept his hair longer when I knew him.” Steve’s mouth fell down. “Did he treat her well?”
Taking a peek in through the window, he saw there was a woman with dark hair skimming through a book. He figured he was in the right place for the library because she had two more stacked on her desk.
One of the automatic doors opened up and they heard Tony come back in after getting all the invites out to those who matter.
“Oh,” Tony winced. “Forgot about that. Fuck, that is horrible.”
“I know that. And you’ll handle it even better with a therapist.” He picked up Steve’s hands again and started to stroke the wrist over the veins. “Please, please trust me on this. I know it sounds like the worst thing…and yeah, ok, it is.” He remembered all the therapists he had forced himself to sit through to try and get his mind to channel his pain into something better. “But it will help you.”
"Tony--"
“Yeah, yeah…I’m here.”
“Good eye.”
“Holy shit.” Steve yelped, looking at the ground and then at Tony who was carrying him bridal style to the bed. “Holy fucking hell.”
“Of course I can. It’s my body.”
“So, I did ok?” Steve said with a sheepish grin.
“I’ll make you some more.” He said with a bashful smile.
“I want to spice up the bedroom.” Tony fumbled out with Steve’s approval.
Tony lounged on his palm and gave Steve a dreamy smile, “Anyone tell you that you nag like a wife?”
Tony knew it was a lie but didn’t call him out on it. He didn’t want to push Steve closer to a breaking point. He had known things were not as easy for Steve in the army as it was presented, a simple injection in a spacecraft cocoon, but he had no idea that this had happened. Operations…someone had opened up his Steve. They had carved into him to figure out how he ticked. Had he been forced awake? Did he have memories of the pain of his body forced to grow from 5’3 to 6’2—all his bones cracking, his skin ripping, and his insides being realigned?
“Oh, get up before ten for one god damn day, Stark.” Clint groaned. “I want this over with and vacation time started. My niece has a birthday party next Saturday! I ain’t missing it like I did Easter.” He crossed his arms and sulked. “All I got to see were pictures of all the rugrats in cake-topper suits and dresses. Do you realize how much it sucks to miss a ten-month old waddle around a fluff of a purple dress? She waddled, Stark, waddled!”
“I’m a Russian stereotype. I need hardcore vodka to feel anything.”
“You’re doing nothing.”
"Yes."
“Yes.”
“We don’t know where he is.” Natasha stressed, her hands gripping to the painful alien technology she had to use on Steve six times previously. “Thanos did not take him to this vacation spot Nebula knew of. We have no tracers to locate him in deep space. If they’re even in space with the use of the stones. You haven’t slept well in two weeks. You’re still limping from the last use,” the weapon sparked in warning, “of this. You’re not going.”
“Yes, but make sure Taiwan’s efforts are sympathetic. See if you can make contact with someone over there. Put up faces of crying families. I dunno,” he waved his hands around, “whatever you think is best. I don’t want to hide this but I don’t want it to appear they’re enemies of the Avengers. We can also use it to play up our big hearts and possibly get them as a loyal ally.”
“Y-Yes sir.” Steve gulped and did as told. Shirts should never be wasted and he knew Tony was serious in that threat.
Tony closed his eyes, moaning in bliss. “You fit this so well.”
“A-Apologize…” Steve groaned. “Really?”
All the wants to hug and feed Jarvis scones were gone. The sarcastic twat. “Just send them the information and feel free to take your time with it."
“Same.” Tony grumbled, sucking at Steve’s neck in hopes of leaving a mark. “You’ll have to deal with me on you like this for a bit longer.”
“I’ll make my way there in the morning--”
“Who knows? Your kind can be very invested in just getting what they want without care of the consequence.”
“Of course, sir.”
Right now, especially, after waking up what felt like a week since Bucky died only three days since he himself died…finding out the war was over, most everyone he loved was dead, that he was so far in the future…pursuing anything with the man felt wrong.
Room?
“Steve, sweetie, you can’t expect to not go to therapy after this.” Tony gave him a look.
Steve growled, yanking his wrists from Tony’s grasp, reached up and grabbed at the bigger man’s cheeks and pulled, hard. “Fae, demon, whatever….You’re going to stop being a pervert, get off, and give me this supposed amazing coffee or I will rip out your hair, consequences be damned.”
“Oh, Tony, you know it wasn’t just your father. It was heavily documented that Steve did all that he could to get on the lines. It was his choice.”
“Not just my name; the word
Steve turned away from her and sighed, pulling his hands back from the entry to the spacecraft.
And that was not good.
It was nice, Josh decided, to see the man get attention like this. He really deserved it. Maybe now the blond would not seem so breakable and sad whenever he was in the chair getting those numbers imprinted on his skin.
It was why he had to try to reach the stubborn man and help him help Steve right.
The other man just choked some more.
“He betrayed me.”
Tony ruled with fear first and respect second.
“Far from it, sir. If this is true it deserves all of your attention. But we need to make sure it carries weight before you start to lose sleep over it. You have a massive arsenal of loyal people who’d help you find this information. Just let them, let us, help you.”
God, he just wanted Tony to do something.
He gasped and shuddered, holding on to the hand for dear life.
‘It was just the wind.’ He reminded himself. ‘This place is just old. Not haunted.’
“Oh, gentle heart…you forgive far too easily. And I am far too soft for you.” Tony pressed himself closer, purring, “beg me prettily enough and maybe I’ll consider it. Let me name our first girl Morgan and maybe I’ll let that bastard go.”
He sulked some more when he realized she was talking about no more booze. Ok, so, yes he had used pyrotechnics and messed with heat-sensitive arsenal when he was a little tipsy ONCE, let it go Pepper. His attention instantly snapped up at her words.
“Sire, please,” the creature begged.
Steve gulped and something started to coil around his heart. Fear, he realized, was making his instincts itch. Something was wrong. Very…very wrong.
“Oh, my son,” Thanos placed a heavy hand on Tony’s shoulder. “That is where you are wrong.”
Tony laughed, “I appreciate that. You certainly know how to make a man feel special. But what you said is the same to you. You have to allow it for yourself too.” He picked up Steve’s hands and kissed the back of them. “You know that, right?”
. That doesn't sound good." Steve frowned. "Why is it really only with Tony?"
Tony grinned brightly, “Now you’re speaking my language. Now, I know I was told no to the penguins in jetpacks but what about flying electronic rats?”
"I was just there?" Steve blinked.
“You’re still going to get away with a lot. You have me wrapped around your little finger, angel-face.” He nipped at Steve’s fingers to prove his point. “But how did you figure I handle weapons?”
“Iron Man…?”
will be brilliant. Know why?”
“Same. I can’t believe I made it sound like I wanted to break up with you.”
All of the disappointment evaporated complete and he looked at Tony with open surprise, his eyes a little misty. “You want me to meet them?”
“Well?” Tony asked as he approached Sam’s side but with his eyes only on Steve.
“I’m going to get this confirmed, Tony. Right now it’s just a rumor. But, according to this guest of mine, it looks like there is a sect of Hydra still alive and strong and it’s festering within our government.”
ready. And I think he is too. He’s the sort who wants to face his opponent head on and his new opponent is this new life.” Sam finally turned to him, feeling stupid rather than brave. “Take him on a date.”
“It’s an amazing thing, Stevie!” The younger version of his father said, though the words were choppy and muffled with static. “It’s going to go big at the pictures. You’ll be seeing more of things like this,” he motioned to the camera, his arm wrapped around Steve’s shoulders, “in no time.”
Dark moments mentioned or written about ahead. There is brief mention of a miscarriage and of Howard's A+ Parenting . And alluding to torture and enjoyment of it takes place within this chapter. There is humor mixed in with the scene that can be read as funny or disturbing. Perhaps a hint of a corruption of a minor. Please be warned!
Perfect aesthetics.
“Can’t get drunk.”  Steve grumbled right back and finished his alcoholic beverage with barely a blink.
“Hmph, think I’ll keep you away from him for now, regardless.”
It was like Steve was holding up his wrists for golden chains…and he didn’t care.
Sickening. To think because Steve chose the heroic path he was suffering like so much. Tony would not stand for it.
"Oh," Bruce cleared his throat to hide a smile. "Wouldn't dream of it your excellency."
He gritted his teeth and tried to shrug the slimey words out of his ears. The world had dirtied his Steve. Tried to suffocate him and take him away for what was right in the world. No. No. He already faced this line of thinking. It was fine. It wasn’t right. No. No. “If he had just listened to me…”
“Steven!”
A familiar dark anger rushed out of him. He wished there were an efficient way to find all of those associated with that fraction of the Nazis. He would love to put them through the same tortures they put so many others through. He would have them withering in pain and begging for mercy. They would not receive any and Tony would relish that.
Steve floated in front of him, grinning in mischief. "When are you coming back to see those activities begin?"
She sighed and covered him up. “Just sleep, sleep. We’ll talk about getting Tony back when you wake up.”
“No!” Tony rounded on him, approaching him quickly, a new form of panic etched on his face. “No, no. Sorry, I know I’m making this out to be…it’s…look,
“It’s a passenger one. We have thousands of them.” Tony explained.
“Ooh, risk…sounds like another kink to try. You’re going to kill me, babe.”
"You think you got one done?" Steve sat up a bit straighter, surprised. "You've been working on this for years."
"Uh-huh." Steve reached down, holding out his hand for Tony to take. Tony took the moment to pull at the arm hard and spin him over, watching as Steve grunted in surprise and found Iron Man above him, grinning wildly. "Oh."
“That man,” he growled at the brunette in the memory, “killed my parents and Steve protected him. Steve never told me.”
Tony jerked when the other end came to him. "Whoa, whoa...what the...blood transfusion...you moron you don't just...you're an alien! Who knows what that will do to me! You can't just...you're not...get that fucking thing away from me!"
Steve wasn’t. Not really. In a business meeting it did not really make sense for Steve to sit so close. He gulped as he looked around at the set up and felt like he was in a throne room. “I don't know. I guess I’m a bit nervous. This is a new step after all.”
“You have plenty of canned goods, something I’m more used to, but he urged me to try everything fresh.” Steve shrugged. “Took up more time too which was nice.” He shifted a little awkwardly before he started to eat his portion as well. He was trying to keep himself polite but he took massive bites as if each one could be his last.
It took a moment for it to all absorb into his head but when it did, he couldn't believe how perfect it was. Artistic, memorable, inclusive, stand-out, quiet, geometric, smooth...perfect.
“Hush, love. It’s ok. I know. I understand now.” His lips began to trace the outline of Steve’s face, making the man freeze. “Everything will be ok. I’m here and I got you.”
“Steve. My Steve.”
Tony always had a bit of a possessive streak. He tried to work on it throughout his life but it just had a tendency of coming out more like a spoiled brat who didn't want to share attention than anything...dark.
Tony moved in front of Steve quickly and gaped at him. He had never heard of this information and he swore he was one of the biggest fanatics of Captain America alive. “
Steve yelped and looked back up, seeing nothing but the inky blackness of the attic before him. His heart throbbed in his throat and he looked around; it was still. Empty.
I'm hoping I am getting back into the writing groove because besides this I have updated Dangerous Tastes of Hope and made a new oneshot, Ink & Gold (yes this is a shameful plea to check them out, I need validation...someone give me food and tell me I did a good job cause 2020 and adulting has been hard, please). I also, surprise to everyone, have a good chunk done of the next chapter of The Iron Brand (gasp).
“Brat.”
With a quick check to the clock he was surprised to see that it was nearly four in the morning. Apparently binge-watching movies was a dangerous past time. He got up to his feet, popped his back, and brought his popcorn and cereal bowls to the sink to fill with water and wash later in the day.
Everywhere he looked he was reminded of what he had accomplished. It made his chest burn pleasantly when he caught sight of people once loyal to Ross or Hammer enjoying themselves after a few years of hardworking betrayal. He had crushed many lives for the victory, but he knew the world would be far better for it. He may get named a tyrant by some but by the end of his plan he would be viewed as a savior, as a god, by all.
Tony loved to imagine driving these blades into every centimeter of Thanos, make him suffer and for Tony to sit back and enjoy it all.
“But most everyone else is available. They want to meet you. You think you’re comfortable with that?” He gently grasped Steve’s hand, kissing over the knuckles. “I know you get nervous with people and you were looking forward to tonight--”
Steve was ready to sing it, especially when he felt the head of Tony’s cock pressing up against him and started to push in. In his current state, he could not quite figure out many creative pleas, things were about to get pathetically repetitive as his mind was suffocated by lust that made him stupid…but he didn’t care. He’ll give Tony anything and would do most anything to get that large, gorgeous cock inside him and make him whole.
“You’re psychotic.” Tony poked at his eggs and bit into the bread.
"Ahhhh," Josh sang up like a choir. "The end is neigh. Praise be lord Jeebuz and the Holy Lord Beyoncé."
“Why I'll never be a hero.” He reminded himself as he lounged in his conference chair. "Heroes are nothing more than kindness taken advantage of." His eyes hawked on the video feed of Steve’s room. The Tower felt different already and Steve had only been settled in overnight but it felt complete. Almost domestic…but Tony chalked that bit up to his own romanticisms since Steve was not walking about barefoot and putting his personal mark on the walls yet.
Tony moaned in misery, “Very.”
“Of sorts. I have been here. I just didn’t allow you to see me.”
Blinking at the celling once more, he tried to pick himself to get a better look around.
As expected, he finished and served the meals at 6:27 and he knew what was to come from that.
He was drowning again.
“Oooh, god yes. I can keep you pinned in place…there is something attractive about that, don’t you think?”
“A rival for your bride?” Thanos inquired.
“God dammit, Tony.” Natasha grumbled, giving him a look that promised a wallop later.
“But…” he gulped and decided to be stupid and stare straight at those brown eyes. “Fae.”
Steve, behind Tony, threw Josh an apologetic smile.
And Steve, his giving Steve, was more than willing to comply.
“Don’t get eager to bite at the bait, Steve.” She said, using his name in such a personal manner. “There is a lot going on with this town and your home. Starve your curiosity and focus on bettering your life.”
He gritted his teeth to stop himself from snarling.
He shuddered, trying no to fall into the trap of another attack. ‘No, we’re doing better. We can’t depend on these people for so much for any longer. It’s not fair to them. We got to get over this, Rogers.’
Steve was grinning from ear to ear, “Yes. Please.”
“A hiccup means I need to call you ASAP?”
“They needed a, ah, time-out.” Tony shrugged nonchalantly. “They got a little panicked when I arrived. Were a bit protective when I came for you. I understand, of course, so it is easy to forgive. They just wanted to keep you safe…they just did not do an acceptable job.” His eyes narrowed. “Your weight loss, your fever…you were wailing for me, darling. They needed punished.”
Steve’s fingers twitched, desperate to just try and open the hatch and make a break for the stars, where Tony was. Somewhere.
It was tense in his space. Everyone understood while one battle has ended another was about to begin and it would be long and hard. It did not matter, though. They had done it. He had done it. Nearly twenty-years of hard, dirty, bloody work was accomplished. A world-changing victory. Tony found it giddy and interesting to realize his name was being written in history books as they talked. He and the Avengers would have chapters dedicated to them. How a group of misfits changed the world for the better and now owned it.
It cracked Tony up at how marvelously inconsistent and easy to manipulate it was. To think he had been so naive to think it was something so easy to understand when he was at earth.
Steve looked over at him in confusion, looking him up and down, still dressed in casual (but god, so sexy) dark jeans and shirt that left nothing to the imagination with Tony’s muscles. “Really?”
“Replacing humans as the experiments may not go over with some of the public.” Bruce warned. “Nazis or not.”
The air felt so thick in the room. It was hard to breathe. The walls were spinning and it did not smell salty. An ocean smelled salty...
“No. If what he said is true I don’t want anyone to know we may have any sort of information about this. Bury him.”
“Stark.” Steve pushed him back.
“You don’t seem like the type to lie about something like this. There is no reason to anyway. Howard is gone and I’m out of my time. There is nothing for you to gain. Howard, the one I left behind, is my friend and I’d defend him…but not your dad. That…that is so upsetting, Tony.”
…fuck, I know this domestic stuff is temporary. Even without the serum, Steve needs to do something. Yes, I tried to fool myself in thinking his art and training will be enough when I know it’s not. But he is not,” Tony snapped, glaring dangerously at his friend, “getting back into the position of soldier. What he sacrificed…the pain he went through…how he was used? No. He’s not doing it again. I will not allow it.”
It was so warm.
Something deep in him shuddered terribly. His muscles bunched up before something released and relaxed and it felt so easy and right. It had been so hard...so long since he last felt any sort of happiness. When was the last time anything was easy? Never. Not even when his parents were alive. He was exhausted. All the time.
The beautiful woman stared at him then grinned. “Good, got a mouth on you.”
“Talk like that and you will get anything you want.” Tony provided a slow, languid kiss. Their tongues weakly played with each other, his fingers flicking at Steve’s nipples that were unfortunately overlooked during their moment of manic lust. He needed to make up for that once his got his second wind. “Will you call me daddy like that again?”
“Anyway,” Steve grumbled. “Blue to match the color of Thor’s lightning. Silver for Bucky, yellow for Sam, pink for Wanda, and white for Vision. I am considering other colors for Peter and Scott and looking at different shades of blue or purple for Nebula…”
“Three,” she held up three fingers to show her point, “if you have to ask us, the answer is probably yes. Do we do such-and-such? Yeah, probably.”
Steve was a disappointing liar.
She tilted her head, thought for a moment, and then nodded. “Yes, here follow me.” She walked around her desk and off down a hallway of books. Steve’s brows rose when he noticed her dressed in men’s pants rather than traditional skirts.
Walking out, Tony did not pause for anyone. Everyone understood they were to get out of his way when he was in the hall. Thanos wouldn't have it. The heir is bowed down to; he does not stop for anyone else. If they do not, it was Tony's responsibility to ensure they never do such disrespect again.
Steve’s face went blank and hot.
The woman, Wanda, was a nice girl though a little quiet and sullen. Their interaction was brief and he could tell she was more interested in hiding behind her book than talking to a strange man but he got enough information out on her that if mail is ever delivered, it was on Tuesdays unless it was expedited. Unless a payment was made, mail was rarely delivered to the household and Steve could not expect for Shield Manor to ever get word on if anything was received or not. It was their job to come check and pick up.
“You ca--”
Tony’s face melted into a love-sick grin. “Then I need to prepare! Give me just a sec sweetcheeks,” he gave Steve a spank as he walked past him. “I’m going to make a few calls and decide on food. You have suggestions, darling?”
“I am a, a servant for the new family that moved into the manor up the road.” He paused to notice any reaction. The woman’s eyebrows rose in interest while her lips eased in their frown. Nothing too terrible then. “I believe I’ll be the one doing most of the repair work. Do you happen to know if there are any blueprints that I could study today and in the near future?”
“But you might not like it. You’re a giving partner, Steve. Sometimes too giving. You have to let me know what you don’t like.”
“Of course that is a broad category.”
But, of course, it was Natasha who said it…and Tony was not power-hungry or insane enough to tempt
Steve swallowed down his nausea and pressed his lips tightly together.
“I didn’t ask for excuses.” Tony lowered his hand. “Get that over here for Steve and drag that trash out. Ensure my knife is clean.”
“That’s just…dude, that’s the coolest thing I’ve ever heard.” He threw his hands up and more burrito particles flew everywhere. “That’s like the ultimate sex-story! Even if I went out right now and slept with three aliens and a humanoid platypus I couldn’t defeat that. Jeeze,
Tony smiled back, “I guess I should’ve known you’d be ok…I was just a bit…”
A small surge of positivity rushed through him as he turned back to the kitchen to make sure all of his work was done.
“Meh, so I’m an old man with a dirty mind. Sue me. So I’m gold…” He tugged at Steve’s jeans, peaking down at the tattoo that was just for him. “My guess is green is Mean Green.”
It was a strange thing to hear a man speak of his father with such ice but deep down Steve was not taken too off guard. He loved Howard but he never thought the fanatic, selfish man would ever make a good father. He was sad to see that prediction came true.
“Well,” Tony shook out his hands, his system overflowing with emotions that were just yuck. “Ok, so…right…we’ve been together for four months…four amazing months, might I add…ok, so it’s four month, twenty-one days, and seven hours…but I’m not obsessively counting, stop giving me that look…anyway it’s been amazing and I wanted…fuck, this is stupid. Why am I making this hard?”
“Because, Stark, I’m getting told a lot of really interesting news that, given your current roommate, something you need to hear.”
Lovely Steve.
“I’ll try.”
“It doesn’t feel like enough. I do some chores that a computer can do.”
“I’m just,” he coughed, “a sexual fiend.”
His drink long forgotten he was up to his feet and looked at her, stunned. “W-What?”
“No. Not really.” Steve answered honestly.
“And what do you wish to give me,
“Yes, but…it’s…” How did he explain this? What this could open up, what questions it would trigger for Steve…the weapons, the wars, the power all in Tony’s hands… “It’s a lot to take in.”
“You did ask me to give him gray hairs.” Steve hummed and went back to smiling at Bruce. “Apparently you and I are not allowed to go off alone together. We’re going to hide away and be boring.”
“Oh.” Tony’s eyes went a little wider, finally comprehending what was being discussed. “You think I have no choice?”
Thanos heaved a sigh, "This fire you have in you, Anthony, is brilliant and necessary as my heir...but you are only hurting yourself with how much you fight me. I have given you plenty of time, hundreds of years, to see the right path but you still refuse. If not for it being so vital, and you not on the wrong side, this would be something to be proud over."
Sam said at the end of their first meeting.
“A perfect mess,” Steve grunted, still reeling from the high Tony took him on. “I had hoped to shower after the run.”
"Try me."
“My heart.”
The final one he saw was Steve starring straight at the camera, brow tilted, and an amused smile on his face. Tony had found himself already obsessed with that smile. “Really?”
“I’m possessive Steve, more so than I have let on. I’d like to let that out. I want to leave marks and bruises so everyone knows your mine.” Tony’s mouth trailed around Steve’s ear, his voice becoming gravely and low. “I want to be a bit unhealthy…I want to control you.”
“Tony.” Steve begged, his ears turning hot.
Tony tried to catch his breath, his vision was slipping and he was losing his train of thought. He was fighting something before, right? Wasn't he? There was something important that he could not forget...but what was more important than Steve?
He didn’t understand.
That could come later. Much later.
“You are a bit red.” Steve teased.
“An Italian dream, at least that’s what she said the boys from her old town used to call her.” Tony grinned. “I get the feeling they said other things but she wanted to keep it as PG-Disney as possible for me. Heard from old friends she was a bit of a wild-child.”
“Tomorrow. We only have some supplies and food to get us through the night but I’ll need to come in and start filling up the kitchen and patching holes. It’ll be nice if I could have a ride to bring all the items back up. Given the distance.”
“Now I’m a thing?! First a rabies riddled beast, then a pet, and now a thing! Oh, you have some assholes in your crew, angel-man. And I thought Quill was annoying. Give me a few seconds, I’ll get him apologizing in no time!” Those little arms were wailing around.
Apparently there was nothing to understand as Tony’s mouth found his.
“Y-Yes my lord. Apologies my lord.”
Nebula, however, looked composed. Expectant. “You are his heir.”
“I’m a snob and have no control over my wallet.” Tony shrugged. “Besides, it’s black marble from Italy. Worth every penny.”
“No. Too early.”
Steve swallowed down his warning for now. Perhaps the Pierce brood could keep their sharp-tongue and angry air to themselves to keep good company with their new, forever neighbors.
“Apologies.”
“It means so much.” Tony crooned.
“Right…right, thank you. I’ll be right back.” He gripped his chest and hurried outside, nearly tripping over the broken steps. The air was frigid but it was open and bright and the realness he was used to. Gasping, he tried to get his lungs and panic under control.
“Not romantic, no, it wasn’t. When I was young I couldn’t tell, but after time it just settled in to me that my parents were not in love with each other.”
“No, Tony.”
Steve didn’t mind the old bedroom he was given, in fact, it was not as dreadful as he imagined it would be. In truth, the whole room was nothing too terrible. It had been grand once and was hidden away on the third floor rather than with the rest on the second. Although not as large or traditionally shaped as the other bedrooms it was private and personal. Right across his entry-door was the eye-window, so when he stepped out each day it was the first sight in view, and the room had a personal window that looked out into the woods.
what has you so upset? Tony you had me terrified.” Steve looked surprised, but was smiling in relief though also looking a little embarrassed. “I wish you had told me earlier. I know I am still a bit of a novice so I am sorry if I haven’t been doing gre--”
“Good, let’s test it out. How many back flips can you do before you puke?”
“You are more than welcome to keep trying as long as you want.” Steve squeezed Tony, moaning eagerly for their next round.
Scrubbing his face he groaned and shook out his limbs to get feeling back into them. He’d always been a realist, growing up the way he did he had to, but he always thought himself somewhat positive and hopeful of humanity.
It was an odd, dangling statement but Steve could not pay attention to it. “I,” he licked his dried lips as he looked at the skyline. “I think I appreciate it. But…but can I sit down? Just for a minute. My head is a bit light.”
Steve turned to Tony, Thor still happily on his shoulder, and snorted, “That was some stupid myth the Commandos made up. I blew up a tank after I pulled the guy inside of it out and then punched him unconscious.”
He grinned back, happy though surprised Natasha wanted one first. "I'll call up the place and get you in to see him tomorrow."
“Yes, Tony, you have. All of you.” Steve pressed. “Yes.”
“It,” Steve nodded slowly and looked back over his shoulder and to the breathtaking skyline. “It really is.” He groaned and placed his head in his hands. “I don’t…I don’t understand this. How did this happen? It doesn’t seem possible.”
Steve scoffed and went back to his pushups. It still was not yet painful enough.
“Not sure how well that works in my favor.” Steve confessed sheepishly.
“Sorry, sorry…
“There you are, Steven.” Alexander greeted from the entryway, cutting off their talk. “I take it you got everything?”
? You don’t have to call me sire or my lord or whatever shit the minions are feeling at the moment. Now that gets on my nerves. The groveling…the moronic weakness. All trying to please me as if that would be enough to spare their lives.”
“Whoa, whoa.” Steve held up his own hands to slow the man down. “I don’t need anything like that, Tony. I’m a bit more of a simple man.”
Tony chewed on his lip. He knew Jarvis was right. Freaking out over a whisper of Hydra was ridiculous. There had been whispers in the past. There were constantly rumors of something bigger and badder coming their way and rarely did they prove true. Him panicking and obsessing over this probably dead-end would not be for the best. There were far too many other things that needed his attention. And the last thing he wanted was Steve worrying over him worrying over nothing.
“I think so, yes. I plan on getting into the attic in the morning to check and ensure everything is stable then I’ll start on the bedrooms and then work from there.”
He pressed his nose against the side of Steve’s exposed neck and took in a deep inhale. His lips trailed up, reaching Steve’s own.
Steve looked down at his body and bit his lip.
“A-Are you seriously asking me to
“Ok…”
“Almost…not done. You have to know…” He could not hold on much longer. Steve was so tempting…but he had to hear the agreement. He had to know what he was feeling was ok. And the one that weighed over him with the most discomfort needed to be shared…Steve needed to know this side of him.
“I have all of the medical files on him.” Pepper said from his side. Occasionally she would press a finger on his shoulder when his bouncing became too much. She was very talented controlling his hyper vibrations while simultaneously reading on one of their tablets. “Good news, we can take him home tonight.”
“You can’t--”
"I should've apologized before you proved me wrong." Steve continued. "You, uh, you were amazing."
“Tony,” he gasped out like a prayer. “Tony.”
“I got that, Tony. I mean you and Nat and apparently the fucking literal god of thunder are your friends.”
Steve had come to learn Tony did not trust easily. Nor did he give out compliments unless they were somehow double-edged with something biting.
“Ugh, you’re thinking too much.” Natasha noted with a scowl. “There will be no dips down PTSD-memory lane with me. We’re going to have fun.”
“I am more than willing to try out the Daddy-kink, but I think that’s still a little too far for your innocent mind.” Tony’s grin grew hungry at Steve’s confused stare. “Sleep, Steve.”
“You do, don’t you…” Tony said, his tone almost a soft coo. “You experience it daily.”
The elevator was moving like dripping molasses. His palms felt sweaty and his chest tight, so tight Tony had checked his arc-reactor numerous times to ensure there were no flare-ups. It felt like it was burning and it traveled up his throat and made his tongue itch. Was that normal? That did not feel normal. He hoped he did not have acid-reflux when they finally met. Tony lived off of making impeccable impressions and the present case, in particular, was something that demanded perfection.
You_Light_The_Sky: YO, made the dark!Tony for you!! You're the best inspiration for it! Thank you for the support and push!
“What? Now, come on Stark!” The god cried out, most insulted.
“We saw! You are a strong warrior to take on our dear Black Widow.” Thor beamed.
Another surge of pleasurable fire rushed through him and he could see that future of his clearer than before; Steve, their children, the power, the safety, the good of it all...
Funny how it would be the desperation of skin that made him lose it and not everything else in his crazy life.
Yes, a lot of historical inaccuracies…I’ve never actually written anything for this time-period so…whoops? I did some research but, yeah, not enough to shake a stick at. Also, there was a lot of dialogue and exposition, but I don’t want to fall into the classic horror-trap of the “presently endangered newcomer suffering due to lack of info” cliché. I don’t think all humans in a town would do that. Hopefully, a bit more interesting stuff will start to happen now.
“To be the one, my heir.”
Steve sighed as Tony was instantly at his side, gripping him tightly to keep him put. “I’m still here, Tony.”
Shaking his head, he pushed the drawer closed and felt comfort to know everything was untouched and safe. One of his first sets of personal business in his new room was to find a place to keep all the items safely. Pierce and Brock both were not shy strangers in searching his room and confiscating things they don’t feel he should have. Everything in the drawer was too precious for him to lose and though he can make do with little materials he was not prepared to lose anything within the drawer.
It was dark and powerful and rolled around Steve like thick, drowning honey. He felt suffocated and his heart squeezed.
"I can't go in as often as I want." Steve pushed on. "It should've been done a while ago but with missions and-and...being on the run for a while and money...uh...just life got in the way at times."
It must have to do with the entry from his bedroom.
“Sorry, sorry.” Steve whimpered. “Please, I’m sorry…so please…”
“He’s mine.” Tony, seriously sounding like one pissed off kitty, growled.
“No." He snapped harsher than intended. "You’re not going to hide from a relationship out of guilt. I won’t let you.” Tony used his free hand to cup Steve’s face. The motion was tender but his eyes were fierce. “You’ll kill yourself if you start on that route. A terrible thing happened to you, but it happened to you…not
That certainly was a pleasant thing to see. Josh hoped he could soon put far more happy ink on the Captain’s skin soon.
Wanda’s eyes brightened, “Clever code. Yes. I think it’s fair not to too. Names are powerful tools for those in the other realm. It’s why you never hand your own out freely in all the stories. Its name has apparently been said before and unusual and unsettling things happen. So far, nothing deadly, but enough to keep everyone unsettled.”
“Ooh-ho! Funny man!” The raccoon blistered, his fur puffing up as he started to point drastically at Tony. “Yeah, let’s all bring up rabies to the raccoon. Real politically correct there, bud. You racist bastard. I oughta come over there and bite that friggen nose off your sexy psycho face--”
hoisted the man straight up and carried him a few feet away.
He should care. And one day, probably sooner than later, he would.
Liar. Steve was a liar. He wasn't sweet and wonderful. He wasn't good. He was a liar. He chose a murderer. He never listened. He was too prideful and stubborn. He was naive and heroic and stupid and selfless...god, Tony would never not love the man. Never. Steve could betray him a million times over and Tony would always want him. Tony had seen the true goodness in the man, had laughed with the hysterical wit, experience the will to sacrifice anything for others.
“Tony.” Steve groaned, rubbing his face. “Really?”
Tony gave her a weak grin at that and nodded. She was right, of course when was Pepper ever wrong? He had faced so many tribulations, so many horrible, nightmarish things and look and what he molded from them. It had been confirmed for him over and over again that he was strong and better. Now was not a moment to doubt that, now was the moment to show it off.
Thanos smirked, “And as my heir I expect you to have the ability to kill me. Surpass me. You win the position from me and you take the stones. You can do whatever you want with them.”
“I know, isn’t it great?” She linked arms with him. “I think you’re going to be my new best friend.”
"Beautiful is not a word I'd use for it."
“Do you know anything about it?”
I am seriously dying from the Tony/Steve drought. I feel like Endgame (tho probably Civil War has really chased the inspiration from so many great writers and it's killing me. We need more positive bottom!Steve stories with Tony.
“I still shouldn’t be able to be carried!”
“Steve.” He held out his hand.
Tony laughed a bit. “I’d rather start that when I can hear his responses.” He took a seat against the bed and started switching between kissing over Steve’s knuckles to petting his hair. “You know, for a man that supposedly knocked out a tank,” his lips quivered over the limp hand, unsure if they should smile or not, “he looks so fragile here.”
Tony pouted and his hand fell back down, “Not here yet? Got me another custom made Rolls Royce?”
you. No one, not even my dad, had that recipe to make more of you.”
"All set." Steve said, smiling to himself as the miniature stabs began. "All the ink is holding up?"
Tony blinked. “That’s supremely non-helpful.”
“Why, Steven, you asking me to a fisticuffs?” She batted her eyes at him. “You sure you’re up to it after Stark’s workout?”
“No.” Steve rolled his eyes in good humor. “I do want to meet the people you care about.”
Sam really reminded Steve of his old Howling Commandos. There was something bittersweet about that but Steve appreciated it no matter how it probed at his tender, internal wound. He felt like he could talk to the man easily about the things burning in his mind. Even after three days Steve felt emotionally comfortable and eager for their meet-ups.
“You?” Steve smiled.
“This world has been dangerous and…dirty since you left it, Steve. There have been some positive progresses, sure, but not enough. Your death,” he hissed the term out so hatefully that Steve nearly jumped in surprise, “started a trend of unusual and terrible happenings in this world.”
Thanos did not seem upset about the words. He must have grown used to them after their nearly three-hundred years together. "I know you do not care for the use of your memory--"
"Your bride..." Thanos stated, sounding mildly strained himself. "Tell me about him."
Mine.
“Yes, yes.” He wheezed, trying not to panic. “The dust finally got to me. I am going out to catch my breath. Please tell Pierce I just need a moment so I don’t…collapse again and I will be in to…” he was having difficulty in catching his breath, “in to inform him of …what I found, if he wishes.”
“Hmm, robot rats that eat humans? You’re going down 1950s comic book territory with that.” Bruce said with a laugh.
a word for it."
In the spring and summer, it was probably a beautiful, if still intimidating, sight. The whole scene looked like something out of an old children’s fairytale. Though some cracked windows and holes here and there made it feel a bit more foreboding than cheerful. Still, it was everything his mother would have loved.
"In bed. We need to get her up." Morgan wiggled around to be put down.
Steve tried to relax, something told him he should not move too much…there was a viper slithering around him, ready to strike, bite and poison.
“Yes?”
Google into a top-secret superhero facility to take pictures for the world.”
Bucky sulked. "I swore I thought once you and I started sleeping together I'd be your favorite."
“Hyrda.”
Natasha nodded and opened the door where pleas and sobs started to stream into the main hall.
“Uh," he rubbed his now twice-poked nose sheepishly, "so what do you do with Tony?”
Tony reached up and kissed Steve’s mouth tenderly. “No beatings. Plenty of insults that he’d argue were to make me stronger. Did a number on my insecurities there for a while, but hate to admit it,” he shrugged, “I am where I’m at today because of it. I’m not grateful for it, not saying that, but at least I got something.”
“Normal? Jesus…I’m sorry.” Steve winced.
“Ok,” Steve nodded instantly. “Yeah, that is fine.”
For a moment Tony was silent and his expression was difficult to read.
That was the only thing that made sense even if something else made his instinct itch.
Steve was thinking that his relief of Tony not being a demon took place too soon.
He knew it was an act of protective love from Nat, but he couldn’t stop trying. Not when it was Tony, his wonderful Tony, who was swept up by that monster.
He had never been treated to such delicacies before.
?” Tony snorted. “He looks…boring.”
“Indeed. But that does not mean that Mr. Rogers is in imminent danger now. Only a few select people know of his existence.”
“Don’t even begin,” Tony snapped. “You jumping out of planes, jumping in front of bullets, jumping…just jumping into danger without any consideration for your safety at all…”
“I am coming, Mr. Pierce.” Steve called back as he gathered the last bit of cases.
“A Fae…born of a human mother.”
Steve gripped his strong shoulders, “Yes, yes, yes, yes…oh god, yes, yes…more, just more…Tony…fuck, Tony. Please do more. Ah!
“He fits right in then.” Natasha hummed. “Who here is in their right mind?”
Tony choked, all the blood rushing from his face, and looked at him in stunned silence.
“Hard to say,” Steve hissed. “I don’t know you.”
“Not so well." Sam's gapped tooth grin was contagious. "You’re gonna get treated as a whippersnapper. Turn down your damned music, you rascal.”
“Other than the haunting warning of cursed?” Sam’s lips twitched. It looked like his mood was slightly lightened by Steve’s obvious question. “There are more stories about them and what exactly was wrong with them…but I urge you not to ask around.”
“Remember what I said, Steve. Ignore Clint.” Natasha reminded from the communal kitchen, pulling out two Gatorades and tossed one to her new sparring buddy. “Drink that and we’ll see about a run in a bit.”
“That will need to wait, Thor.” Steve greeted as he now entered in, “Nat kicked my ass. I need a break.”
“More or less.”
The fondness must have shown as once Sam arrived as the gentleman gave him a smile in greeting and helped him up on the seat beside him. He arrived in the same coach as the night before. Sam offered up to continue their small talk from before and Steve noticed he continued to avoid discussion of the house. Steve respected the upset and did not broach the topic.
He swallowed, a broken noise coming from his throat, and nodded, “Sorry. I’m sorry. Please, Tony. I’m sorry. Don’t stop, please. I need you…please. Only you. I can’t without you. I need you. So please, I’m sorry…don’t stop. Please.”
“And you’ll stay here. The only way you’re leaving is if we’re going to bed.” Tony grumped, kissing at the corner of Steve’s lips. “The whole point of this is to meet everyone.”
“Oh, well to do that I’ll need use of your tongue and—OW!”
Tony remained patient. “It really caused you pain.”
He’d had friends, a family, and maybe someone more…
“Don’t care.”
He clenched his teeth and let out a harsh breath that sounded like a gag.
Seeing she was caught she scampered off to do as told.
“When do you think?”
“And letting things go--”
“Yes, we are stopping that conversation. Besides, I’m interested in you.” Tony’s hand reached over to cover Steve’s, which still delicately held the picture. “What about you?”
Tony couldn’t help but laugh. “You’re ridiculous.”
“Right?” Steve knew of their desperate grasp on the lifestyle from New York but he hadn’t been aware they were so confident they could rise back up. He had assumed this was a permanent move.
“Often. Especially when I was a kid.” Steve reached up to do the same with Tony’s face, his gaze of pure adoration. “I had a lot of ailments. And I was a piss-poor patient. I drove ma crazy.”
“Hey, look at me.”
Steve could not help but flush at his own stupid romanticism, he blamed being an artist, and had to look away. The intensity and color were too much. It felt as if he were being swallowed and if he did not break through the surface he would drown.
“You’re in a picture of his.” He remembered.
“Someone has to be out there looking for him.” He was exhausted. He had little energy to argue as heatedly as he had at the start. His chest was not doing well and though he knew a lot of it had to do with the emotional turmoil and stress of his loss and battle, a lot had to do with the fact that a few thousand volts of alien energy had surged through his body numerous times. His burns and bruises were still around and tender.
“God, Steve.”
“Perhaps.” Steve gave her a nod in gratitude. “Thank you for sharing this with me. I appreciate knowing a bit of where I’m living. I hope to see you around Ms. Wanda…oh, you look like you may know the answer to this…library?”
"You know what, Rogers. You," he reached up and poked the younger man's chest, "have been hiding from the team and myself from the start. And, hey, I get it. I do. Probably more than you give me credit for. You're a young guy, you've dealt with some pretty horrible shit in your life and I am sympathetic to it, really. I am. But this front of indifference you put up, this immature gallant of being a hero to try and hide that you're a scared kid has gotten on my last nerve."
Steve blushed, “Oh.”
Steve felt so sore and weak. Did he suffer another fever?
“Thank you.” Tony smiled and he gave a kiss to Steve’s brow. “I’ll tell you about it soon. Tonight, where it’s…easier.”
“I will not let Steve be used or put in any danger.” Tony seethed.
“Oh. What would be enough?”
There was something in Tony’s stare, some open heartache, as he gazed upon the gentle profile of Steve. “He would. He would sacrifice everything. He just…he just thought their happiness outweighed their safety.”
"You have a samurai on all of your bicep." Steve sighed, allowing his friend to manhandle him around to get a better look at the ink. Really, it couldn't be
Steve about opened his mouth but Tony gave him a gentle squeeze but a clear warning. “Hush.”
. I do not want to break-up with you. There is no impending villainous doom on the way. I have not invented a new ticking time bomb. I’m not sick. No one in the Avengers is sick. You’re not sick…yeah, sorry,” he gave Steve a sheepish smile when an unimpressed frown met him, “I still check your blood and such without permission.”
“People who look like they should top but really need a collar on in bed.” She shrugged. “We like to control and dominate. It makes it even better when the person is hot but does cute things.”
"First of all, he's the most touchy-person in the room. Any room. Pick it. He'll be ready to touch something. He's also the first person you saw when you woke up and the person you are with the most. He's sort of your guarding to boot, so you do have that relationship with him. Even if you don't see it or unable to admit it, having a foundation he's providing is comforting. And, well, those are just some of the reasons. Being touch-starved isn’t necessarily the only reason you and Stark are so close.”
It has been a long time coming for an update but here it is! I needed something in my life after Endgame because no. Just no. Did I mention no? Because no. All the no to that no.
“Yes, yours. Only yours.”
Tony rolled his eyes, “Maybe after we let their sobs go for a few minutes we take the tongues first. This is already causing me a migraine. The echoes will be miserable.”
“Sir,” Jarvis interrupted, thankfully. “Mr. Wilson has arrived. He has been sent up on the elevator with Happy and will arrive on the designated floor in roughly thirty seconds.”
“The butt grab or the sleeping with each other?” Natasha asked.
“Well, that’s a pretty stupid thing.” Steve then cleared his throat, “Sorry, I didn’t mean for it to sound insulting. Just, isn’t that just asking for someone to start snooping?”
Behind Tony, Pepper nodded and mouthed: “YES.”
“You ever go to bars and start a competition you know you can win?” By the glint in Steve’s eye it was clear he had done exactly that. Both Natasha and Tony looked at him with some open awe. “I only did it once. And it was a quick undercover op. I swindled Nazis.”
Tony stopped and swallowed thickly. “Uhm, I had wanted…uh…this should not be this hard.”
from me.” His voice cracked as if it just hit that he had lost everything.
And then the door opened.
“Possibly. But it’s odd…Jarvis is having difficulties figuring it out.”
Steve rubbed his ear briefly, remembering that same voice. It was the same, he was positive, as he did not think there was another voice quite like the one haunting it; deep, almost raspy, plenty masculine with something playful. Unique and lovely. It made Steve’s skin tingle and his stomach feel cold.
“Well,” Tony pulled off the sheepish look well. “As you know I’m a bit rich and famous.”
Sam shook his head and held up his hands. “You know I can’t approve of that.”
At the top, holding up Steve's chest, were just two sets of dates rather than three that followed each line underneath.
“Yes, I mean…I assumed there would be. Are there any?”
He was punished with a slap to the backside.
“Holy shit, he’s hot!”
"Despite the influence the continuous use the stones have on you, you are still just human. You still have some limitations that I want to see rid from your body to ensure you are the best you can be." Thanos chuckled to himself. "Do not worry, you should not obtain my skin color that you so fondly love to ridicule."
“Yes.”
Turning, Steve gave him the best glare he had in his arsenal, which he felt was not that impressive given the smile that greeted him. Like a lion to a sickly fawn; amused and hungry. Steve tried hard to push that imagery out of his mind. “You believe I’ll have this figured out in the middle of panic and terror.”
have an alliance with Asgard, not them. Feels like a more thorough way to weed out the morons. If anyone is foolish enough to keep coming at me after a little display of your force…well Darwin and all that.”
"Oh," Tony sounded surprised. "What...what is this?"
Steve had to smack the sink to get the water gushing out. Another thing to work on. His shoulders slumped and a pinprick of a headache started to form. His fatigue was getting the better of him already.
“No. Rarely, if ever. Never,” he glared hotly at the feed looping from the moment Steve stared at him with agony to when he dropped his shield. “He never asked for anything.”
“Oh, holy shit…you better believe we’ll be trying that out.” Tony almost drooled. “Sounds divine.”
Tony’s teeth ground tight together, trying to hold back a slew of curses and threats. “He’ll want to fight.”
“It was an obsession for a lot. Howard included.” Tony growled to himself and flinched himself out of his temper. “Sorry, you don’t need to hear this.”
Steve tried not to feel disappointed but wanted to hear why, “Did something come up with work?”
Tony rubbed his fingers over Steve’s again but did not break eye contact. Finally, Steve was approaching a topic Tony had eagerly wanted to face. “Does it make you uncomfortable?”
“You’d think after so many years, he’d grow used to it.” Tony noted but his tone carried no heat. Besides the new edition of his Steve, Bruce was probably the most sensitive and weak-stomach of the group. Even his new adopted younger brother was taking on the dark side of the business easier than the scientist. “But, he’s been through enough in war-zones. He just needs to be in the back to keep the tools up to par for Nat. No need for him to get queasy or trigger nightmares.”
At the stove, Steve looked back with a humored huff, “I figured she’d be after you when I told her no.”
Truly, besides a few moments where he’d get overwhelmed or lost in nightmares Steve found he could ignore the brutal pain and crushing loneliness for the most part and pretend to deal with everything in easy stride.
“We’ll need to go over it in some more detail but…yes, I…I want to dominate you.” Tony continued, pushing himself closer to Steve. “I want…god, Steve…”
“Yes, sir.” Jarvis said. “The first two days after awakening you wish to keep Mr. Rogers in bed as a precaution. You have made a list of movies and TV-shows for him to watch as a way to help catch up on some of the pop-culture of the world.”
"He is what you desire most."
“Yeah, we need to get your panicking under control.”
“Hey, I don’t want to be known as a rat. But…yes. May show how desperate and upset he is if he doesn’t want to come straight to you. You two are close but he feels…” Sam weighed his words carefully. He was a therapist so there was still privacy issues, and simple human respect, concerning Steve and his feelings but Tony’s predicament was unusual to say the least.
The family became lost in their new topic of business so Steve excused himself to clean plates and gather his materials for the day. He needed to make it into the attic and the thought made him itchier than it should have.
“Yeah,” He smiled, it felt funny on his face, like he was close to crying and laughing at the same time, at Steve who was giving them a curious look but returned the smile. There was so much adoration in those blue eyes Tony nearly lost the ability to breathe. “I want a family with him.”
“No.” Natasha stepped in, pressing a finger on each of their foreheads and pushing them away from each other. “Knew it. Twenty seconds and you both are ready to start a knitting club.”
“Of course not everyone wishes to sacrifice some of their joys for the sake of others.” Thanos sighed. “If one were to simply look at the grander picture they would understand what is necessary, even if painful, ensures the well-being for others.”
After Stane’s disappearance the company flourished more than ever. His employees were happy and free to do better work. Weapons were still their primary focus but now there was medical and environmental growth, a focus on healing than just harming. Stark Industries grew twice its size, product, and financial earnings in two years under Tony’s watchful eye and strict, but creative, guidance. It went spectacular for all involved. Although it was never proven, many knew Tony had something to do with Stane leaving and they fawned over him for it.
Tony did not respond for a moment, looking over the numbers, not quite able to see it as special as Steve did but understood its heavy beauty. His own chest, with its scars and metallic heart, was a burden he wasn’t sure he would ever change even with the amazing process of his tech. It was not something that he wanted to try and wash away any more.
“You’re here for the Avengers one.” Natasha hummed on the plush couch, flipping through one of the many tattoo magazines.
“But he’s so…” He did not let go of Steve’s hand but he tried to motion to all of him awkwardly. “Look at him!”
thoughts?”
“Ye-ep.” She smirked at whatever she was looking at. “Apparently he wants to have a few words with you. First you’re blonde, then you got gorgeous arms, and now you’re my favorite. He liked to think he was the best in those categories, despite knowing Thor.”
“Like I could ever be embarrassed.” Tony scoffed, his cheeks warm in a clearly embarrassed flush. “I’m not ashamed of them either. I just…you know me. I don’t like letting things out that show depth.”
Steve fell back, forcing himself to remain still, “Ok, ok…”
Especially with the whispers of Hydra slithering around.
Please let me know what you think of the story and what you hope to read in the near future!
“Because you’re a man-child who doesn’t want responsibilities.” Bruce laughed when Tony flipped him off. “Maybe Clint’s sister? A fluffy little rescue for the birthday may be really good.”
"Stark, uh, Tony?"
Steve moaned pathetically, trying to push Tony’s shirt off of him. Briefly separating, Tony pulled his shirt off and allowed Steve’s hand to roam greedily over his chest. Tony allowed his head to roll back, grunting in pleasure as Steve’s artists hands gently touched over his abs, trailing down at his hips, then back up to practically worship the arc.
"Hey, sweetheart." He cooed as he looked down at the little blond, sleeping on her tummy. Tony gently pat her, easing her awake. "Breakfast time."
Natasha grinned, her hair a mess, her body tender, and her face in more pain than it had been in years. “Steve has a mean right hook.”
“Yes, sir.” Steve nodded as Zemo walked off—perhaps to his room or back to his family. Steve was not sure. It was clear he was not invited for more conversation.
"Yep."
“Yeah, that’s diet denial right there.” Tony went over to the counter to pour in some more coffee in his mug. He hated that he agreed with Rhodes and Pepper to not have a coffee machine in his lab so it forced him to move and get away from time to time. “I take it Jarvis is filming?”
There, resting on Steve’s hip was his arc in a deep, rich gold: a perfect circle with an upside down triangle. In the same color palette were two dates. “This is the date of Siberia and this is the date I saw you again.”
“Calling me those names? Is that normal now?”
“Tony.” Steve whimpered, his cheeks flushed bright red.
.” Tony snapped. “You already sacrificed enough. You’re not doing any more.”
Steve tilted his head, instantly intrigued, “What’s that?”
His Steve...Steve, Steve, Steve.
But it was. He trusted Tony. He did. He had no reason not to. There was nothing wrong with Tony and nothing wrong with Steve’s new life. But wasn’t there still plenty wrong? God, why would he ever think anything ill towards the man who had given him everything?
blushing! Oh, God, babe. With my mouth you’re going to be in a coma by the end of the week.”
“God dammit, Tony.” Steve sulked, blushing up to the roots of his hair.
“Be a sweet boy and beg prettily for me, baby. I want to hear you.” Tony nipped at Steve’s throat.
It would be so easy, and was it ever tempting, to press the button and go back up to the safety and warmth of the others. Just leave Tony alone as he clearly wanted and try again another day.
‘Perhaps I’m more affected than I want to believe.’ It wasn’t just the crash that kept him awake at night after all. Many nights he dreamt of screams for mothers and pleas to God to live. Other times it was the tortured, empty look of survivors he and his team could free from camps. Or Bucky, slipping through his fingers to meet a sad, lonely death at the bottom of a never-ending cliff.
Steve snapped up straighter, his face flushed. “Yes, well, a strange man has literally appeared,” he motioned at him, “out of no where. I think I am entitled to stare.”
“No, the winters here can be a bit harsh. At least I can meet you halfway. You saw the rock we passed by, correct?” At Steve’s nod he continued. “That is a perfect place to meet. I can take you to town and point you in the direction for your supplies.”
"Now?"
“He chose Barnes,” Tony spat out.
“Gentle, love, gentle. Stay still.” Tony ordered, his hands reaching down to Steve’s hips, stilling him from movement he hadn’t been aware of. “I’m in charge. I move. You receive everything I give when I say so.”
She tried to sound cruel, asking for something he couldn’t, truly, provide but he heard the hurt hope in there nonetheless. Poor thing. He couldn’t help but feel pity for her…their father was a hopeless asshole to toss their sister down to her death in such a heartless way.
“Perverted bastard.”
It could never be said Steve did not adapt well.
He was sixteen, three days after the death of his parents, when he realized he was in love with the dead man.
Instantly, Steve held out his wrist, baring the ink in front of him for Tony to see.
Tony hummed happily and his suit started to disappear, heading back to wherever the man had somehow hid it before. Steve found he didn’t care too much at the moment. Tony’s mouth was far more important than anything else in truth.
“And how do you feel about having Stark Property on you?”
was in danger?”
Steve’s noise was of broken eagerness.
“Sorry, I…do you know what I’m talking about? I tend to just rant about science and things and I just…” he gave him a sheepish smile. “Don’t always consider what people do or don’t understand about situations. I tend to lose control over my tongue.”
“Ah,” he nodded slowly, unsure if he understood. “People think it’s the son?”
Steve huffed, doing his best to ignore the jab at his height, “Anyone can need, and deserves, protection.”
Clint looked over the feed and then back to the two. “Really?”
It was the longest they spoke. It was hours. Howard filled Tony’s head with the real Steve Rogers, the one who had been washed away from urban legends and fickled government individuals. They started to talk more after that, almost always about Steve, but Tony found that was fine. He liked speaking with his father, especially about Steve.
“Again.”
Shaking his head, he eased back against the counter, and sighed. ‘Not even a week and I’m already going insane? Seems a tad unfair.’ He shook his head again, maneuvering his shoulders too, to try and shake off the sense of discomfort.
. Make sure you remember that.”
“Cute.” Tony bit at Steve’s bottom lip, smirking. “Yeah, lots more practicing.”
Steve frowned, “I thought it was Star--”
“D-Daddy.” Steve said with no hesitation.
Steve just nodded and after Tony removed the IV and wires started to get out of bed.
Steve looked a little sheepish, “It takes a little bit of time for me to get comfortable and then I can lose my filter. I sometimes do before I think.”
“You’re still strong…but you are right. Your species and aging are different than my own.” Thanos nodded to himself and then held his hand out, he barely made a grunt of pain using an arm melted into gold, and the air glowed green. After a moment he snapped and Tony coughed, a pressure in his chest, before he staggered back and then his vision cleared.
Then again…
, to just get him to no longer hate Steve.
“Yes,” Steve moaned, gripping on to Tony atop of him.
“I’m not stupid. I won’t break anything.” Tony had scoffed back.
“If it exists you’ll find it. Don’t worry about it. He needs your focus. We both know any day he is going to collapse on himself because what he is living through will finally hit him. He’ll need you to be clear headed and not ready to kill.” She placed her hand on his broad back, “Calm down.”
"Oh." Was all he could say.
“Whiny.” She poked his nose
Steve tried to look away but Tony held firm. “Nu-huh, you’re listening to this. I can’t understand why you would think you deserve to suffer. Wilson mentioned something about survivor’s guilt but damn-it, basically your whole team lived into their eighties because of you. Peggy is about to reach a hundred. Most all of them had families and left the war or provided great advances because you kept them alive. You did, Steve.”
"Good thing I'm still in a pissed-off mood and don't care. It's beautiful." Tony frowned. "Though I can understand...some memories can be...ugly. But you chose to have them on you. Why?"
Tony grinned and came up, wrapping his arms around Steve’s waist, “I am glad you like it…it is, you know, an important piece of me. Not just the suit but all of it.”
“I don’t doubt that.” Once again Tony’s hand was back in Steve’s hair. “Yes, it needs the ability to sort of pop out under the right treatment so we can make contact with the insides. I get it checked up about four times a year as a precaution and I give it an update about every two years.”
“Who knows?” Steve teased, moving his hips and hissed when Tony hit a perfect spot. “You’re the scientist. Make a theory and start testing.”
I'm working on Steve's reaction to Tony and his flirting and touching. It's hard at this point in time because he is so overwhelmed by everything that at times it feels he is being a little too ok with Tony's personal actions. I hope I hinted enough that Steve is in a delicate emotional place and doesn't know what to do in the situation and how to properly respond.
The creature bowed deeply, “You do not have to call someone as lowly as me anything, golden bride.”
Something still did not seem quite right in the formation. It was like there was still something missing to the house. Some corner still under the shadows.
“You’ll see my nipples so win for you, you harlot.”
, knew what Hammer did and tried the same thing, for some reason. Anyone else who supposedly did it was also branded and then would either die or disappear. After the fifth person, the town set up a warning about the name and made sure no one talked about what Hammer did exactly.”
“Why am I not surprised to hear you dreading that? Yeah, you’re going to get along perfectly with Banner. We may need to keep you two apart so you don’t slither off to do introvert things like drink tea or watch cat videos or something equally soft and boring.”
“I am still curious as to…all this,” Steve maneuvered a bit to allow Tony some space, “is…I mean in one place!”
Steve cleaned the dishes by hand; even though Jarvis explained many times they could be done automated. He preferred to do chores on his own and add some more movement in his day. He could only do so much training and painting before he went stir-crazy. Besides, at least doing this felt like he was providing something back to the home he was living in for free.
“Yay, you’re getting along.” Tony’s voice carried something sharp. It sounded spiteful and Steve was unaware the pleasant man could take such a tone. “I guess the best way to see if this will work is to see you at it, Wilson. You ready to show us what you can do?”
yes. I rather like that kind of approval.”
“Whenever I say so.” Tony snapped, feeling a rush of heat at Steve’s whiny reaction. God, he reacted so gorgeous and perfectly. A sweet, stubborn sub for him to break and train into such a good boy. “And not before.”
Steve frowned. “How so?”
Tony hissed and arched, feeling fire rip through his veins. It hurt, burned, but he loved it. Wanted more of it. It was power and knowledge and he could practically taste the winter pine coating over his tongue. This was better than any sex he had before, any fine bourbon, any drug that had once filled his veins. It was sweet and gorgeous and perfect, perfect, perfect.
“Yes,” his voice shuddered briefly but he nodded as if he didn’t notice, “if it’s still around.”
"Fuck." He snarled. "Prisoner. Prisoner. There is no relationship here."
“When’s the wedding?”
“Such a foul mouth for someone so fair looking.”
“Wha--” The room was different. “What?” He gasped out, breathless.
“But people wanted it.” Steve guessed, a trouble look crossing his features.
As you can see the timeline is a little different. Pretty much Howard and Maria how Tony later in their life by just a little bit. They still died when he was roughly eighteen but within that same year was when he was kidnapped and went through the life-changing time in the cave. And it was the cave that changed him and has warped his viewpoints a bit.So he's been working as Iron Man and building up this "world order" since he came out of the cave.
With a shake of his head Tony kissed his nose and dragged himself away. “You eat your food. I’ll find you when I’m ready, ok?”
With another laugh, he gave her a pat on the back as he crossed they crossed his California mansion to get to the kitchen where Steve would be. “Someone has some words to say to you, babe.”
Steve grumbled, “You’re making me self conscious.”
Walking down the hall of memories, Steve stopped before each photo to observe the details of the people within. It felt as if he were getting to know another side of Tony.
If they couldn’t prove loyal, at least the woman needed out of the picture.
"If you think you can get it," Steve threw Natasha a smile, "go for it."
Steve reached up, as Tony was now a bit taller than Steve, to touch at his neck, caressing over where his regular Tony connected with this impossible metal. “So, nanotech?”
“It seems a bit improper.” Steve gulped, finding it hard to breathe.
“Oh, is it a stripper? It’s a stripper isn’t it?”
“Yes, I’m damned well sure. I’m not going to believe any of this unless I get proof.” Steve snapped and straightened his back to show charge.
“You,” Tony point the butt of the blade at the god, “Still too good looking. Even with your hair…ugh, maybe even better with this cut. You been keeping away from my Steve, right? He likes the idea of someone that can pin him down and control him.”
“Ah, so you agree talking is out is best. Hmm…look who was right again. Ow!” He gave a mock glare when Steve slapped his backside. “So different from a few moments ago…you were
How could he tell his sweetheart no to Barnes when he probably still didn’t understand what that man did? For all Tony knew, Steve was still broken because of that damned soldier. He shouldn’t have let his jealousy get him in messes like this.
“You’re always weird.” Steve pulled him in to give him a kiss. “Look,” he began to pet Tony’s hair, comforting the worried and hyperactive man, “If you promise to start talking about them, either now or later, I promise I will listen and talk right back.”
Natasha gave him an opening when she made a move to elbow him in the face. Ducking, he shoved his own elbow into her side. He internally apologized when he felt a crack but did not let up. Knew he couldn’t or he’d be beat and in a lot of pain.
“You don’t need everyone on you.” Tony said in something of a sulk.
“The circular one? The one that looks like an eye?”
she gave him a watery smile, her eyes pleading,
“What the hell was tha…” He trailed off and gripped his throat. “What…” his hand trailed up to his face where he did not find his famous goatee but a smooth face. “What did you do to me?”
Steve angled his head, allowing Tony to take the lead, and sighed dreamily against the dominating lips. He had to break off to laugh a little when Tony began to push him against a wall, clearly ready to start something.
“You got yourself a tattoo.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Fuck, fuck, fuck.” His fingers felt stiff and shaky as they swept over the keyboard.
And had it been anyone other than Black Widow he would’ve exercised his authoritative right as the leader of their little “gang” and punished his friend accordingly for announcing something so monumental and dangerous to his Steve.
“Later then.” Tony brushed the concerns away, knowing he had gone too far. “The point is I made this, all of this,” he pointed around them, “to keep people safe.”
“Deep breaths. Do that for me and we’ll try to get some things answered for you, ok?”
“Pepper and Rhodes are begging you to stop.” The former assassin continued. “We can’t lose you on an impossible suicide mission.”
“Ah, I better not.” Steve’s fingers curled away and he felt his ears grow red. “I can be a bit too strong for my own good and I’d rather not break something as important as your heart.”
“According to basically every tale and rumor around; doubtful. Supposedly Hammer was rather infatuated with the son, but was rejected publically…many times. Regardless, he thought himself the proper heir to the manor and took over. It wasn’t very pretty. He smeared their names, dabbled in unsavory rituals, started to take the house apart--”
Sam pursed his lips and nodded slowly, “Anthony.”
Steve sighed, shook his head, and did twenty more pushups without saying anything.
“Please do not worry about it, Mr. Rogers. You have done more for Tony than you yet know.”
“There it is.” Sam pointed out. “Shield Manor.”
“You’ll love Howl’s Moving Castle then. Watch everything of Studio Ghibli. Everything. Except for Grave of the Fireflies.” She looked him over, “War movies may not be the best for you.”
“If it could help--”
‘Perfect.’
Tony spun the hand around and kissed the knuckles again. “Deal.”
Except for Tony.
Steve shrugged, “I like doing stupid, dangerous things.”
“God, she is going to be such a daddy’s girl. You’re going to spoil her rotten.”
“Ugh, when did I last move?”
“God, Barton, you’re so weak.” Natasha smirked, leaning against Steve. “Can’t even carry a god? I think even Tony without his suit can.”
When those sweet blue eyes trailed over his face in adoration and desperate lust clouded them as he gazed over Tony's shoulders and thighs, probably imagining Tony pinning him down as they rut against one another...it made Tony's mouth water. Of course, Steve was a bit of an idiot at times. He was oblivious and dense and never noticed Tony returning those same looks and thoughts.
Now Steve had to roll his eyes. He could only hold back on his temper and prayers for patience’s for so long. “Ask me not to play coy and I’ll ask you not to play stupid.”
Attics were tame. They had access to the outside world. There were ways to escape. A basement was a coffin. It was coldness and darkness and nothing.
Natasha hummed to herself, came up behind Steve, wrapped her arms around his waist, and then with a little
“I don’t know…not…I mean,” He tried to keep himself under control. “Again, you have to take into consideration you literally appeared out of no where and you’re squishing me. I am still reeling from that.”
Steve shook his head. “No, no. I like blokes too. But this…I mean, if you’re really looking for…uh…something…I mean, this…” He trailed off miserably when he realized he still was not sure what was going on. He could be making a pretty big fool of himself sputtering nonsense. “What are you looking for exactly?”
“Psychotic fuck.”
At least he took comfort that none of the family had snuck in to play their version of a prank on him.
The mail center was connected to city hall and was a single room with one woman working, who was usually found reading as mail came possible once every two weeks. There was a school, a rarity for a town so small, but it only housed about fifteen students every year. But it was apparently enough to get three a year to leave for a university.
He fell into place.
“I could never.” Tony hummed, not at all concerned about Steve’s need to beg for forgiveness. He already knew Steve was sorry, and Tony would punish, he’d punish and punish until Steve knew to never, ever choose someone else again. But this was his sweet, broken soldier…. finally back with him after three hundred years. Punishment could wait. “I adore you.”
Tony returned the hungry grin. “As I enjoy his. Do give him my thanks for his advice on the energy shields Stark Industries were struggling with. The contribution is amazing and has been a fantastic success.” His best customers and alliance were an “alien” society of bloodthirsty warrior gods. Who’d ever expected that? “Now, will the end of the week be an acceptable deadline?”
“Someone go get master, let him know his golden one is awake. Quickly!” Another clapped his hands, pointing at another two standing outside the doorway.
‘Yeah, not the smartest question.’ Steve thought as he looked at his trembling hands. He clearly was so perhaps repeating a simple name would be better for him. “T-Tony.”
Steve liked to hum. He wasn’t aware of it, of course, as he would stop once someone made note. It was a nice sound and always felt strangely gentle from someone of his physique.
“Stubborn.” Tony sighed. “Such a stubborn, wonderful brat.”
“Ah,” He tilted his head, eyeing Steve’s form back, hungrily. “Picked up some annoying habits from the old man…a new one.” His fingers went to exposed skin at the hem of Steve’s pants, pushing up the shirt to get a view of the toned tummy and that dip of his hips with the soft trail of golden, almost feather white, hair that went down to a place Tony’s mouth wanted to devour.
Bruce was quiet as he allowed Tony to fall deep into his thoughts.
Nothing spared for him...
“Barton, I thought you were on a diet?” Tony tilted a brow, watching the archer now aim for five.
The elevator walls became a punching temptation. “Well at least we’re a hundred percent positive of a mole rather than ninety-eight. You found out who it was?”
‘Ghosts, Changelings, and a demon who makes deals? That is certainly a lot for one house to hold.’ It almost seemed too good to be true. Too much excitement read as more paranoia than anything else.
“I had hoped you all would be a little more lively…Steve was far better.” He slouched, pouting. “Of course, Steve is better with everything. You all can’t truly compete with that. No need to hold that against you.”
“Problem?” Pierce noted Steve’s expression. “Surely not. I’d hate to think you’d cause us more problems.”
“You fuckng freak. You disgusting, moronic, piece of shit.” Tony growled. “She didn’t sacrifice herself; you murdered her. And if you think I’d ever be something as revolting as your heir, you are more insane than I first gave you credit for.”
Tony was about to argue that, that no it was not Steve’s body anymore. It belonged to Tony. And any type of hurt onto Steve was never worth it. But he could see the stubbornness, the need to give, in Steve’s expression and frowned, “Love, the…Howard had some of that. Had some of you from the original experiment. It wasn’t enough.”
“Hot damn. Anyone else feeling a lot less straight?” Clint whistled.
Nodding to himself, Steve walked around the penthouse as the idea took over his head. Acting as a bodyguard would be the perfect way to express his gratitude and provide something for Tony back.
Truly, he did.
Steve weighed his options, his thoughts rushing over the possibilities. He was no scholar in this. It was all based on interest and rare free-time passion due to his mother. Was there any danger? Well, of course there was. Most any thing that popped into his head should not be played with…but there was not much choice at the moment, now was there. But guessing wrong or right should not make a difference…he hoped.
His ear felt hot.
Clits eyebrows rose over his glasses. “Really? This breaks a massive part of the treaty. You have ever right to go to the oval office and demand him and every other official to step down and you fill it up with your own. You were practically waiting for a moment like this.”
On instinct, Steve tried to pull back but Tony’s hand found the back of his head and cradled him, pulling him in close, tilting him around just as Tony wanted and took everything Steve had.
“So…” Tony began, for the hundredth time, but stopped. He returned to pacing, muttering lowly, as he started to feel a familiar sense of panic crawling up his spine. Talking things out was not always his strong suit.
To angelblack3 and michi_thekiller: I don't believe you're into the Avenger-fandom, and I apologize for not making something especially for you...but I wanted you and anyone who reads this to know how much of an amazing inspiration you both are and hope more people will trickle your way to see that.
"Well, ok," Tony couldn't take in all the numbers quick enough. "Of what?"
“Are you sure? You,” Tony looked down at the dates again. “I mean…”
Because according to the doctors, he was for sure going to need it.
“Oh really? Like what?”
“No, it’s not. Tony,” Steve tried but Tony wouldn’t hear it.
“It must be the PTSD.” He muttered to himself as he made his way to the main hall of the penthouse. “Sam warned me it likes to show up at nasty times.”
“Tony.” He corrected. “Sorry. I get distracted easily.” Was it really wrong to want to bury his fingers deep into the blond hair and pull? He did not want to talk about anything anymore. He wanted to press his mouth against those beautiful pink as petal lips and push Steve down and cover him up with his own body. He needed Steve's skin and scent and he was sure he would be so perfect and hot inside.
Steve just took a hard swig of his beer.
“No, no not yet sweetie.” Tony kissed the back of Steve’s hand. “I’m gonna have to make arrangements first.”
And he belonged all to Tony.
It tingled something uncomfortable in Steve’s belly but he found he could not push Tony away. Something ignited within him and he felt alive, pleasant, and distracted. He did not want to lose it and he hated himself for clinging so desperately to it. Steve had longed for Bucky's companionship, and occasional ego-busting rescue, but Steve survived without him. It was painful and too hard since the loss but he managed. This with his savior was something completely different. He felt far too dependent on Tony and his tingling touch. It was terrifying.
He gave her a modest shrug, looking a little shy at the compliment.
Steve’s face burned some more.
“But born from humans?”
“Nah, that’ll be the idiot.” And then she tossed Thor over to Clint, who was not prepared, and watched in glee as the man was crushed.
"But I must be sure of your progress."
"You don't say." Tony pulled away, glaring at his captor. "Should probably not come as a surprise to you. If it does, you're an idiot."
“Excitement passed quite quickly when you arrived with an army that belongs to the monster that did all of this and held me in the air by my throat.” Natasha pointed out.
“Easy.” Tony instantly placed his arm around Steve’s waist to keep him steady. “It’s a lot to take in.” He looked at Steve with open sympathy and something else. Steve was not sure but he found he wanted it. He needed something to stabilize him or he’d for sure pass out. “I’m so sorry. But I didn’t want to baby you. Not with this anyway.”
“What do you mean, my love?”
“Tony is an idiot.”
Steve gaped, looking down at the remains of his jeans. “T-Tony?”
“Ok.”
The world was not filthy. Steve, like everyone else had flaws...he was not dirty, he was just human. He needed a conversation, not punishment. He was just a damaged young man. He was just Steve. His Steve.
“Talking helps too. Distracts you from the weather. I’m Sam.”
He had dreams that Captain America would appear in his life, that sweet smile on his face, and ask him to be his partner in taking down all the evil in the world. He gave Tony his own shield and taught him how to be happy and calm. He would put his hand on Tony’s head, ruffle up his dark hair, and call him the best guy in the world. A hero.
“Hmm,” the man seemed to understand what the underlining meaning was and kept it at that. “Well, keep your head down, ok? It’ll help at least with the wind and your eyes.”
The whole scene would make skin crawl, especially once the color red was brought it. Blood should stand out nicely, flowing down the drain under the light. With how large the warehouse room was, screams would bounce about with an echo-effect.
“Fourteen fucking days and you got him in this state.” A voice, familiar…no, not…yes? Yes, he knew that voice, didn’t he? A wonderful voice. “I should’ve been done sooner…got him away from this place. My lov--”
“Uh, hi.” Steve greeted a little awkwardly.
“If what you said is true then I haven’t moved my body in a long time.” Steve’s knees felt a bit wobbly and he had to sit back down the moment his feet touched the cool floor. He shook his head when Tony offered to help. “I’ll be fine. I can do this on my own. The serum will catch up in a moment.”
“That you’re a grumpy sourpuss struck with a terrible case of cabin-fever.”
“Loads of sex.” She took another gulp of her beer. “Very hot and heavy stuff happening. Honeymoon stage and all that. Going at it like teenagers.”
Instantly the grumpiness melted and Tony gave him a look of open adoration and Steve had to look away. He learned Tony was greedy for compliments and since Steve could not yet give anything back to the man for his generosity, he gave them in plenty as well. Usually easy-going ones that were honest but not meant to be necessarily loving. It would be things he would have been comfortable enough giving to anyone under his command back…well, back home.
“You’re trying to delay me seeing the reason you can, apparently, fly.” Steve tilted his head. “What’s wrong?”
“Ugh, you’re such a boring papa.”
Tony’s face grew hard. “They were. Are. It’s difficult to explain.”
“Hey, hey—let me see it again!” Clint demanded and tried to grab at Steve’s wrist. “This is just unbelievable…of all people…hey! Stark! Good timing! Get a load of this!”
“Details. We can go into the biological warfare, you are getting better at that, but I was thinking of something to make it feel like something is worming inside a body.” Tony hummed in thought. “Like how they used rats to eat people alive. But PETA approved. Let’s keep the live animals away from the torture scene, yeah?”
"How many?"
Steve’s mind provided, and used the Tower as a home base.
still said it. I never should have. I was wrong and I am sorry. You didn't deserve that."
“You sure?” Bruce asked.
“They were together?”
Tony groaned and all of a sudden wanted coffee given to him via IV. “Go for it, bud.”
“This one called Barton?” Steve guessed.
this was going to be the way he would meet everyone.
“Found a slight hiccup.” Natasha answered. There were whimpers in the background followed by a grunt. “Apologies, my guest doesn’t know to be quiet when I’m on the phone. Rude.”
"I will miss you, Tony." The memory glowed on the screen before them, unable to keep it back. His voice was so soft, that rare crooked grin on his face, and his eyes bright with something heavy behind them.
Steve meeped.
Grunting, he pushed Natasha’s attacks back and dropped to his feet, making a swipe of her legs. This was her move so she avoided it by an elegant backflip and maneuvered away from his attack. He smirked, pleased with this reaction and used his kneeling position to propel himself towards her.
The blond man looked away, "Just...something."
“I don’t suppose you’ll be stopping?”
The other man did not appear super nervous. Or he hid it real well. “Mr. Stark.” He looked at Steve and smiled. “Mr. Rogers.”
‘Perhaps going out is something I can at least consider.’ He thought with a wince. The thought was shaky. If this rumor was true then wouldn’t he put Steve in the spotlight if he took him out? In danger? ‘People would only assume he looks familiar to Captain America. Most everyone will think he’s just a gorgeous blond with a big rack. My type.’
“Right, well thank you again.”
“Tony! Wait up!” He yelped out as he rushed after the man who, gratefully, paused for a moment.
“Oh, love you’re so smart. You already know.”
“Hey babe.” Tony greeted, pressing his hand on the small of Steve’s back. He smiled to himself as he felt Steve’s posture relax the moment they were back side-by-side.
“Really?” She smiled, not sounding too surprised.
no longer finding himself invested in the words. Ghostly encounters and history of savage rituals was probably not the best thing to fill his head with before a new home with strange sounds and nothing but vast lands of no people.
“Oh.” Steve huffed air into his hands, rubbing them together, and then pushed them back under to rub his ribs. Even through his shirt and jacket it felt like his fingers could feel each of his ribs. “May I know why?”
He could feel himself get hard, a wonderful surprise since he came at least five times himself, when he imagined his Steve on all fours as the God of Thunder pounded into him for a show. Watching Steve take it might be nearly as good as fucking the man himself.
Panicking, Steve took a peek over to Tony who was doing his very best to ignore the younger man in the smaller space.
Tony wrapped himself even closer in retaliation. “You’re bright enough that a little distraction will be fine. I want to hold you so I will hold you.”
“I fell asleep in you again? Sorry, babe.” Tony kissed Steve’s neck as he sluggishly pulled himself out of his lover. They both shared a groan but Tony just flopped back down on Steve’s back, getting comfortable.
Apparently, Tony technically had more but they were not regular offices. They were his many labs where he worked on his non-paperwork. Steve had yet to see the labs and he was grateful for the delay in that.
“Tony?” Pepper asked behind him.
"Cause...? Come on, man. Fess up. What's going on?"
“No ma’am.” He put himself in the ready form, copying the spy’s. “Ok, ready to give it a try.”
?!” One yelped as it rushed to his side, looking over him tenderly.
“I’m nearly thirty.”
“It was on his lower back. A perfect circle with an unusual symbol within it—supposedly more circles, I believe was said. I’m not sure how it looked in truth, but it was still raw and was bleeding and anyone else that touched it burned too.” Sam’s breath shuddered. “They dragged him out to keep him away from the house, but he escaped and made his way back to the house twice. The last time they found him hanging in the middle of the room he had been found in originally.”
“And you blush.” She grinned evilly. “That’s cute. No wonder Stark wants to eat you up. He and I appreciate similar tastes in people.”
change.
“You can use them?” Nebula balked, her normally narrow eyes wide.
“What, ah,” Steve looked at his drink, wondering if he really wanted to know the answer. “What would be in my deal?”
Steve gave a shrug and provided him a sweet smile.
“Ugh.” Steve rubbed his face, miserable at the embarrassing act. Ok, he can admit it was a little stupid…but he couldn’t help it! He never thought one Tony Stark would be eager to have a make-out session with him! And yeah, ok, maybe under such light as thinking ‘I am so miserable no one would ever want to kiss me, so of course this sexy man whom I adore would only sexily bite me cause of friendship only’ did deserve some therapy.
Tony’s expression was completely serious. “Apologize. Now.”
“I am all for being a respectful boyfriend and listening but you’re killing me.” Steve whined. “When can I have you in me?”
“Yeah, sure. I’ll take that.” Steve smiled back. “Wow.”
“Not in the least.” Steve still kissed him again.
“You’ll also start tattooing me. Steve is not going to be special to you. He’s only special to me…to our family. You’ll tattoo all of the Avengers from now on. Not just Steve. Just Steve is for me only.”
“I believe that is just your paranoia, sir. You care for him and want him safe. You’ve always been fiercely overprotective over those you care for. Remember the incident when Ms. Potts started seeing that gentleman from HR? You threatened him so terribly Ms. Potts sued you on his behalf.” Jarvis comforted, somewhat. It was never pleasant to remember Pepper’s wrath. “Please do not let this spark something unhealthy is all I ask. If this is Hydra you will take them down before Mr. Rogers is the wiser.”
The bones in Tony’s hands popped as they formed a tight fist within his pants’ pockets. “No.”
“Whoa, a zombie?” Clint looked interested.
I am having way too much fun with dark, sexy Tony. I'm not sure Steve has much of a chance. Poor baby.
He’d hate to think of the state he’d been in without the serum.
“Free the chimps and bunnies too.” Tony smirked. “Won’t I look all humanitarian?”
“If either of you try it I’ll pull out chunks of hair.” Steve warned.
"Intense." Josh pulled back to refill. "Yeah,
“I am. It’s terrible but it was war. Something you’ve now put a stop to. He’s going to be ok, Tony.” Pepper comforted with a smile. “He’s yours now. You’re going to keep him safe.”
"You know, my son. Balance is key in everything, including ruling. Including chaos and restoration. I was able to maintain balance on my own, on some level, but even I know that two is stronger. A king needs a queen," he murmured, "this man is the bride for you."
“Hey, Jarvis. Bring up a list of the best Thai restaurants. I don’t think he’s tried that yet.”
“And that doesn’t deserve some reward? Hell, baby, this martyr syndrome isn’t sitting right with me.”
“That…is…impressive.” Steve tried, with no idea what exactly he was complimenting or talking about. Or what he was talking to.
Natasha was not a normal opponent.
“Bwha!?” He yelped and jumped back.
Natasha laughed, “Who knew you had something like that in you?”
Tilting his head and his paper, he looked over the map of his new residences and scowled. The art style of it was something he could follow easily enough but the measurements were confusing at best. Steve wished he could take the blueprints home to get a clearer picture but this would have to do for now…perhaps he could find a way to get paper and pencils to take notes.
He had tried to move on, but they had both known the dream he shared with her it was Steve that was by his side, laughing as the toddler gripped at his face and called him, “Papa.” It was Steve he woke up pressed again, sharng flirty words, and grinning as a kiss became something full of fie and adoration.
It was silent for a brief moment, clearly no one believing him, until he held up his bare wrist to showcase he new ink. Instantly, the cereal in Clint's mouth spurted out and onto the counter and he was left a choking mess.
“It was the Depression. That was very common and when you’re on the field you’re willing to eat anything.”
“We’ll be tabling that for later.” Steve sighed, rubbing his head. Tony and his protective twitches really needed stabilized before he made another dangerous bubble of love that could cause the breakdown of all reality. “I assume you are also still tracking me?”
Finally, Steve had to voice his concerns, and the self-hatred, to Sam. “I don’t get it. I mean…why does it feel like this?”
“It happened about a few months, maybe a few years, after the original family disappeared. Once the search for their bodies officially died but before the rumors started.” Sam tsked his tongue to urge the ponies to pick up the pace. “A man, a sort of friend, more of a rival, to the original family’s son had taken over the place.”
"You are doing amazing, my heir. But still the same Tony Stark? That I am not sure."
“You didn’t tell them?” Pepper asked.
Steve laughed, “Well, I guess that does sound better than a conversation about being mentally healthy. But since you’re so old and frail,” he grinned when Tony bit him again in warning, “I could do a bit more of the work.” And then flipped them over so he was on top, using gravity so Tony slid even deeper. “That acceptable for you, daddy?”
Steve nodded. Again, that tempting hope was urging for him to grasp at it.
Besides, even if he were not so far out of his element and balance, Steve would feel uncomfortable with Tony. The man was just too good. He was handsome, suave, confident, intelligent, rich, and just an overall generous patient person. It just felt impossible that he was after anything more than Steve’s pleasant, but fake, body.
The few people around him, which really only consisted of Tony and Sam, were trying their best to help him. Steve appreciated their hard efforts regardless of how pushy or touchy they, primarily Tony, became. It made him wonder what would have happened to him had someone else found him in comatose state. What would he be like without someone so involved with his emotional progress?
Tony covered Steve’s hand, pressing it against the arc and sighed. He could feel the temper that had started to simmer begin to cool. Having Steve so close, touching him, made things begin to ease and soften. His Steve. “Yes.”
"Ha." Steve smirked and handed over his wrist to Natasha who waiting for it. "You still breathing there, Clint?"
His sweet Steve.
“I…what?”
“Mhm,” Tony approached the counter. Steve liked to eat some of his meals standing as he could not sit too much or he grew restless. When he stood he was able to walk, dance, or hop around to burn the constant energy. Tony started to appreciate doing it on occasion to since he sat so much for his work. Though it was annoying when things dripped because he could be a notoriously messy eater. For proof put a pizza in front of him and watch him try to fit the whole thing in his mouth. It drove Pepper insane. “It looks good, babe.”
“I want to meet them. Please.”
“A computer cannot have a tone, sir.” And he said it in the most deadpanned of ways.
Throwing a wrench to the side, he flopped to his back, trying to do his best and keep the building rage from exploding out of him. Or puking. Or screaming.
Steve did as told and she watched with an impressed stare. “You can make yourself very light. Great height. I know you are used to throwing all your weight into your punches but you need to move more from your hips and toes. Put a little more strength on your bottom half and I won’t be able to toss you over my shoulder so easily.”
“Details,” Tony waved him off. “I’ll make changes like that later and get you that penguin-wasteland so Mean Green can have some alone time. But first,” he brushed the international documents to the side and waved a hand over his desk and a light blue screen and keyboard started to glow in front of the group. “I, sadly, have to be boring and keep up with some promises I made.” He sighed dramatically and rubbed his head like a migraine was forming. “They were all so whiny I had to give them something. I’m regretting it now.”
